Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Mother's Little Burden - Conviction 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Mother's Little Burden https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=739&t=29265 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/25/16 06:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Mother's Little Burden 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Former first daughter and current head of New York's new Conviction Integrity Unit Hayes Morrison is embroiled in yet another scandal. 
 Morrison was arrested for cocaine possession. 
 And sadly today, another scandal looms over the Morrison family. 
 Broady : Instead of being punished for her crime, Wallace rewarded her, making her Chief Director of the CIU. 
 Eddie : We're posted up outside Hayes and Jackson Morrison's apartment, and from the looks of it, it's pretty good being the president's kids, especially if you're caught with blow. 
 "Coke head Hayes Morrison put in charge of DA's flagship unit." 
 That's TMZ. 
 We've been through worse. 
 Buzzfeed has me at the top of their list for White House train-wreck relatives. 
 Dad schtupping that ambassador's wife. 
 I'm ahead of Billy Carter. 
 He took a whiz in front of the press corps. 
 You getting expelled from boarding school for drinking. 
 Ahead of all the Kennedys with rap sheets. 
 We survived all that, and we will survive this. 
 Promise? 
 Yeah. 
 You ready? 
 ♪ My love ♪ 
♪ You couldn't see anything ♪ 
♪ Standing right in front of you ♪ 
♪ Not even a smile ♪ 
♪ It's time to let you go ♪ 
 Woman : Here she comes! 
 Oh, my God, there she is! 
 Hayes, Hayes, how do you feel about DA Wallace getting you out of jail? 
 Do you think it's fair you got special treatment? 
 That's enough. 
 Hey, Hayes, are you a drug addict? 
 Are you a drug addict? 
 Please, one more. 
 Can we get one comment? 
 Hayes. Hayes. 
 It's called recreational use, people. 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 ♪ You were the sweetest thing ♪ 
♪ Till you threw me in the ring ♪ 
 Guillotine season already? 
 ♪ Face against the wall ♪ 
 May I? 
 ♪ My dreams ♪ 
♪ They were filled with everything ♪ 
♪ It's got me to thinking ♪ 
♪ Oh, it's time to let you know ♪ 
♪ Time to let you go, oh, no ♪ 
 I just came from the Department of Investigation. 
 Am I fired? 
 No, I managed to persuade them not to pursue legal action against either of us. 
 So you're fine. 
 Yes. 
 But I'm fired. 
 Not yet. 
 But since you got caught with coke in your purse, and in return, landed a highprofile gig, you need to do damage control. 
 I'll call Cary Weiss at the  Times. 
 He's always been a friend of mine. 
 No, no, no, no, forget the print mea culpa. 
 This is bigger than that. 
 You're booked for an interview with Dan Harris in four days. 
 [Scoffs] Face a firing squad on national television? 
 Apologize, shed a few tears, say I've been a bad girl and that I'll never do it again. 
 If you want to keep this job, yes. 
 I spoke with Jackson. 
 He's one of the few people with a black belt in Hayes-handling. 
 He'll prep you. 
 Ha. 
 I'm sorry we were interrupted the other night. 
 Probably for the best. 
 Frankie : It's everywhere. 
 You really think the counter terrorism unit is behind the leak about her coke bust? 
 That's the gossip around the NYPD water coolers. 
 Payback for trying to implicate them in the Landon case. 
 Anything fun in the news today? 
 Are you okay? 
 Never better. 
 Who's got a pitch for our next case? 
 I didn't know we needed one. 
 If you were getting fired. 
 More likely, Wallace would force you to resign. 
 Who takes over if that happens? You? 
 Not fired, not resigning, not hearing that pitch. 
 This is Penny Price. 
 She'd be our first female client. 
 I've gotten pretty good at hiding the bruises with concealer, but you can't cover this up. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Yeah, I'm pretty much scared all the time, never knowing when he's gonna lash out, shove me down the stairs. Penny is serving 20 years in Bedford Hills for second-degree murder by poisoning. Women commit 11% of violent crimes but only make up 6% of exonerations. And because they're usually convicted of murdering people close to them... lovers, family members... they can't be exonerated by DNA. The DNA's all over the crime scene, guilty or not. On top of that, 67% of female exonerees are convicted in cases where it's ultimately discovered no crime has occurred. So because Penny Price didn't poison her husband, no one did? Not her husband. But it's not like I can leave 'cause as scared of him as I am, he's, uh... he's my everything. I love him. He... He's my baby boy. Penny was convicted of murdering her 12-year-old son, Owen. She was being beaten up by her own son? He was severely autistic, flew into rages, especially with his mom. Penny didn't cry on the stand. She came across as cold and un-emotional. The jury found her guilty in under an hour. Mom didn't play her part, didn't act the way everyone thought she should, so the system reamed her. Time the system got equal treatment. We have our next case. So, Owen's having a rough day. Um, earlier in the car, he grabbed me from the back seat and started to choke me, so I had to stop the car. [Doorbell chimes] [Door creaks] Eduardo, is that you? Eduardo :  Yes. Just taking out the trash. Okay, thank you. [Doorbell chimes] Uh, we put chimes on the door so we know if Owen is making a run... [Pound on door] Owen : I want it! Owen, no! I want it! No, no, honey, no. I want it! You have to be patient. I want it! Owen, you must be patient. I want it! You must be patient. I want it! [Items clattering] Mom, I want it! No, no, please don't, Owen! I want it! Owen. I want it! [Pounding on door] I want it! I want it! [Sighs] Sometimes I just want to kill him. [Keyboard taps] This was filmed September 20, 2010, a week before Owen Price died. How did Penny supposedly do it? Sodium overdose. The prosecution claimed she force-fed him an entire bottle of soy sauce. But her kid was beating her up. How could she have convinced him to drink it? The defense brought that up, but the jury didn't bite. Also, Owen was prone to excessive eating and drinking, sometimes even inedible substances. The prosecution suggested she might have just handed him the bottle. Which still amounts to murder. Penny says Owen got ahold of the soy sauce on his own. He ingested it sometime after they finished lunch around 1:35 P.M. Owen started seizing at 2:40. He was rushed to the hospital and died of organ failure later that night. Who else was in the house that afternoon? Owen's father, Greg, was at work, but his 11-year-old sister, Emily, and home healthcare aide, Eduardo Peligro, were both there. Neither one of them saw or heard Penny giving Owen the soy sauce. Would either of them have motive? No, neither one of them were targets of his outbursts. But I'm not suggesting that Owen was killed by someone other than Penny. I really think that his death was accidental. If that's the case, then Penny being in prison only compounds the tragedy. Frankie : That's a big if. Penny's attorney hired Dr. Jane Soto as a medical expert. She's, like, a rockstar toxicologist. Wait, that's a real thing? They didn't put Dr. Soto on the stand. Suggests she found something that didn't look good for Penny. See what super doc has to say. The case against Penny is still very circumstantial. Accidents happen, even with non-special-needs kids. She called her son "Mother's Little Burden." That's the title of her vlog, in which she admitted to wanting to kill her son. Every parent has said that, myself included. The two of you make up one unbiased investigator. Go talk to Penny. Get her side of the story. [Cellphone chimes] [Buzzer sounds] What happened? A lot of moms in here. They don't care for child killers. We can see about having you moved into protective custody. Um, I'm glad you guys are taking a look at my case. But this I, uh... I deserved. Because you killed your son? No, because a mother's job is to keep her kids safe. No matter how much Owen hurt me, he was my responsibility, and I failed. How do you think he got hold of the soy sauce? We had a routine after every meal... clean up then lock up. There were locks on all the cabinets so that Owen couldn't get into them. You know, he could have hid it while we were cleaning up. I don't... I... What did you do after lunch? Um, went to the den to record a new post. With all you had going on, why take time to do a daily video blog? The vlogs kept me sane, I guess, you know? Gave me a connection with other mothers who had children with special needs. Helped me feel not so alone. Alone? You were with your son. Sam. It's okay. It's hard for people to know what it feels like. No kid is easy, right? They're all impulsive and demanding and needy. Only most kids learn to control those impulses, and Owen could not. And as he got stronger and bigger, those impulses became a danger to himself and... and to others. You were scared of him? Yeah, I was afraid for myself and for my daughter, Emily. Owen was my life. I did everything for Owen. And I realize now that that was probably a mistake because my marriage suffered, and... and Emily did, too. Is that why you thought about killing him? You said as much on your vlog. That's just gallows humor. It was... ...a way of coping. [Voice breaking] A week after I made that stupid comment, my... my son, my beautiful baby boy died, and I will never... I will regret saying that every day for the rest of my life. You have 10 minutes. I have a potentially innocent woman in prison for killing her kid. We need a suit for this interview. Great. As long as it's none of those. Pastels evoke openness and honesty, and paired with these... Mom's pearl necklace that she wore to distract America from the one dad gave the ambassador's wife? No way. I can only help you navigate this interview... This is one giant, terrible flashback to our childhood. Every crisis, we were trotted out, told how to look, dress, act. Your  childhood. Some of us were too fat and effeminate to be used as show ponies. At least after the age of 11. I am sorry you endured a grand tapestry of gay alienation, but that is no reason for you to sign up to Wallace's mission to turn me into a poster girl for regret. You need this. I don't need a spin doctor. I need my brother... the guy who held my hand this morning. Let me be both. This job is good for you. I just want to help you keep it. I hate the peach. Peach out. Sorry. [Elevator dings] D-Dr. Soto. I-It's so, so good to meet you. I'm Frankie Cruz. Oh, yeah. Tess Larson. Oh. Thanks for coming by. Mm-hmm. Your toxicology handbook is, like, the go-to source for me. Oh, well, I'm putting out a new edition. Uh, give me your card, and I'll send you one. Yeah, uh, maybe you could sign it for me. [Chuckles] Uh, I have to be back in court across the street in half an hour. Do you have the authorization? When Penny submitted her case to the CIU, she gave us access to all her defense materials and waived client confidentiality. My work up of Owen Price's case. The ER docs pumped 260 milliliters of soy sauce from his stomach, enough to cause fatal salt poisoning, if he'd had the time to metabolize it. So the soy sauce didn't kill Owen? Well, I understand why the M.E. would come to that conclusion, but Owen also had a blood glucose of zero. I believe that's what caused the seizures and eventually his death. Why didn't the defense bring this up at trial? If you found an alternative cause of death, why didn't you disclose it? Could this have cleared Penny? Tess. My contract with the defense forbade me from revealing any findings, and the defense had no obligation to reveal any information that would not benefit their clients. My findings did not. What did you find? Owen died as a result of an insulin injection. This wasn't an accident. It was murder. Owen's death was not from soy sauce. He was injected with a fatal dose of insulin. Uh, I think our brother wants you. Ignore him. Maybe he'll wander off. Well, so much for this being a tragic accident. It was premeditated murder. And Penny's still the most likely suspect. Why? Owen's healthcare aide, Eduardo, was at the house. He'd know how to give a shot. Eduardo wasn't being brutalized on a daily basis by Owen. And 95% of child murders are committed by parents. And that rises when the kids are special-needs. If Penny's a suspect just because she's a parent, then let's look at Greg Price, Owen's dad. He was a pharmacist, had access to insulin. According to the file, Greg was at work that afternoon. I don't want to believe Penny did it, but the dad has an alibi. Let's check out the co-workers. See if it holds up. You think Penny's guilty. Well, nothing's convinced me she isn't. If she gets out, she might hurt her daughter. Are you gonna pull some strings, make sure that doesn't happen, like you did on our last case? Special circumstances. Cross that line once... tempting to cross it again. I would know. I'm not you. And our last client is still in prison, where he belongs. Justice was served. By you, not by the law. Sometimes the law sucks. So, Dan's gonna open with a clip package... greatest hits. You painting your toenails on the floor of the Oval, going to prom with that Nigerian diplomat's kid. Ooh, I forgot about that tall, cool drink of Lagos. [Gasps] Ooh, he is CEO of a petrochemical company. Point being, he is going to try to lull you into a vulnerable state. You must stay on message. I wish he were still doing to me what he's been doing to Mother Earth. Contrition, gratitude for the new job, regret for your actions. My only regret is getting caught. Hayes, at this rate, you better hope that your Nigerian prince is looking to hire. You're gonna be out of a job. [Knock on door] Hayes : Come in. We're busy. We got Greg Price's former co-worker to admit he wasn't actually at work that afternoon. Apparently he used to slip out on a regular basis. Including the day his son was murdered. Let's go talk to him. You can't! Duty calls. Talk to Maxine. You keep saying you need more black friends. [Chuckling] I haven't been saying that. You probably should. ♪ An insulin overdose? How could Penny do that? You work in a pharmacy. Plenty of access there. Penny came in from time to time, but I can't imagine her getting behind the counter. Maybe your wife wasn't the one who gave it to him. Wait, who, then? Eduardo? He was devoted to Owen. So was Penny. I checked the prison logs. You never visit her. I take Emily every week. I stay in the car. I can't face her or forgive her. And yet you haven't gotten a divorce. I still love her. I know that doesn't make sense. She killed my son. Not that I don't have a share of the blame. What does that mean? I wasn't, um, exactly an all-star dad. I was always working. Every day, when I left home, I felt guilty and relieved. It... It was just too much. The constant chaos and screaming. Even Penny's optimism wore on me. She just couldn't stop believing that Owen was gonna get better. We talked to your alibi for the day that Owen died. His story's changed. Emily, can you get our guests something to drink? It must be tough only seeing your mother a couple hours a week. We make the most of it. She helps me with my homework. Sometimes we play games. She's a really good mom. I can tell. Do you think your mom... Could she have... She loved Owen so much. Even when he hit her, she never got mad. Just took it. Owen couldn't help it, but he was so hard to take care of. She was doing everything she could. It was a tough situation for everybody. As bad as it was then, at least we were still a family. [Sighs] Now we're just... Camden College early admission. Congratulations. I'm not going. Dad needs me, and I can't miss a weekend with mom. Look, the day Owen died, I had a buddy of mine clock me back in from lunch. So you could slip home and kill your son? You have any idea what this has been like? I lost half my family on one day. Beats going to prison yourself for murdering Owen. I didn't do that. Then where were you? Not at work, like you told the cops. I was with a friend. Her name is Candace Randall. We were together that afternoon. I was with her at the Pelway Inn. You were cheating on Penny? I met Candace at work. A-At first, it was just flirtation, and then... [Sighs] She was fun. She was always laughing. Penny and I used to have that, but then... But your special-needs child got in the way. [Sighs] There hasn't been any closure for that family. Closure's a lie. Whoever killed Owen, the Prices will never be the same, especially Emily. A 17-year-old girl shouldn't be taking care of her father and holding the family together. It's not fair. Who did you have to take care of? Let's go talk to Greg's mistress. See if she backs up his story. 
 
 Greg and I were so in love. That's beautiful. But we don't care. Did you see Greg the day Owen died? Yes, that afternoon. We tried to slip away to the Pelway Inn at least once a week. When did you get there? Around lunchtime. Mm. Afternoon delight at the Pelway Inn. Did you spring for the magic fingers? It wasn't like you think. Greg and I both felt terrible that he was cheating, but he was so miserable. Our time together was his only refuge from the hell he was dealing with at home. What do you mean? Well, his son was out of control. His... His wife had no bandwidth for anyone else, least of all Greg. She was too busy. She was either taking care of Owen or being the online autism martyr. The day Owen died... How late did Greg stay? Most days we were at the motel until around 5:00, but, um, that day, we got into a fight. About what? I really wanted a family. But Greg felt that he couldn't divorce Penny and leave her alone with Owen. The difference was that afternoon, I told him that I was done being an escape from his unhappy home life. Either he got a divorce, or we were through. How'd he react? He took off... really upset. That was the last time that Greg and I were ever... together. After Owen died, things were never the same. When did Greg leave? Uh, around 2:15. Thank you for coming in. We appreciate it. Greg had access to insulin, time to get home. And a mistress who all but asked him to bump off his son. Greg Price's mistress blew his alibi out of the water. He left the motel at 2:15. Could have gotten home in time to inject Owen with the insulin. Dad's still alive as a suspect. You ready to give Penny the benefit of the doubt? Hey, I saw the promo for your Dan Harris interview. Are you ready to eat crow on national TV? Sure, Greg could've made it home, but getting inside without anyone noticing... That's another thing. The Prices installed an alarm system when Owen was around 7. It chimed whenever an exterior door was opened. To keep Owen from running away. Penny mentioned it in her vlog. The prosecution used the alarm system log to show that no one came into the house while Penny, Owen, Emily, and Eduardo, the home healthcare aide, were there. The log shows only one door opening that afternoon before the ambulance arrived... the back door, from 2:36 to 2:38. That was Eduardo taking out the lunch trash. Maybe Greg slipped in the back door when Eduardo was busy. Would two minutes be enough for Greg to enter, inject Owen, and then leave? Only one way to find out. Frankie and Tess, go to the Price house. Jackson send you with interview questions? I'm here for an update on Penny Price. I just had lunch with the head of the Women's Legal Collective. She's keeping a close eye on the case. We're exploring other possibilities, but Penny's far from in the clear. How you holding up? You can tell Morrison Family HQ that... I wasn't asking for them. I'm asking... as a friend. Hardly my favorite position. Luckily, I'm flexible. But you knew that. [Laughing] And I don't know why I just flirted with you. Old habits. Also, I'm very handsome. Mm. Maybe after this interview is over and this crisis is behind us, there are some other habits we can keep alive. That's not the worst idea. Looking forward to it. On the day Owen died, Greg knew the routine. Eduardo set off the door chimes as he steps outside to take out the trash, Greg slips inside. Two minutes on the timer. Go. Greg waits for Eduardo to step outside, [Doorbell chimes] and then enters the house. Penny was in the den recording a new vlog. Emily was doing homework in her room. Greg slipped past Penny and Emily, headed upstairs. Owen notices his dad. He's even happy to see him. And that's when he does it. Greg rushes to the back door. Stop! [Doorbell chimes] Greg had time to administer the dose, but by now Eduardo would have closed the door. Greg ducks into the kitchen. Eduardo calls 9-1-1, and Greg Price waits for four long minutes while his son dies. The paramedics race in and leave the door open behind them. Greg slips out. What's up? If Greg walked out the front door, he would have been seen by all the neighbors who came out when they heard the ambulance. You okay? Greg didn't kill Owen, and we can't seem to find anything that rules out Penny. What if she really did murder her son? Owen hugged his sister this morning. [Laughs] Emily was tying his shoes, and... and out of the blue, he just reached out and... and hugged her. It was, you know, something so simple, but it was a hug. It was... It was good. When Owen was first diagnosed, it was hard. It was like all my dreams for him had died, but those were my dreams. Those were my dreams. He has helped me realize what... what really matters. Yeah? I really don't want to believe that Penny killed her son. Just because Greg's innocent doesn't mean that Penny's guilty. [Cellphone dings] This case is my last refuge against full-on exploitation as Jackson's media monkey, so please tell me we're making headway on the home healthcare aide. We're still trying to track him down. The problem is Eduardo's undocumented. We can't find him. I think I might have. Virtually, at least. I've been going through the comments on "Mother's Little Burden." There's a user who goes by E.P. Amor. E.P., as in Eduardo Peligro? And he knows all sorts of details about the Price family... their house, their routines. I'm pretty sure it's him. The problem is we don't know where he's commenting from. It could be anywhere. Draft a subpoena. Get ISP to give up E.P. Amor's information. I tried that. They refused. Privacy concerns. [Cellphone chimes] _ Draft a search warrant. Force the ISP to give up his info. Should be a slam dunk. Monkey time. Honestly, Dan, I only hope the citizens of New York will forgive my missteps and indulgences and allow me to continue to serve them. I'm not sure I deserve another chance, but it would mean the world to me to get one. That was solid. Now, just a little more shame, and you'll be good to go. One more time. [Scoffs] Jackson, enough. Hayes, this is too important. You have to be sure to stay on message. [Cellphone vibrating] It's the office. What's going on? The judge denied our search warrant, which leaves us with no way of tracking down Eduardo Peligro. What judge turned you down? McCutcheon. I'll take care of it. Duty calls. You can't go now. The interview. It's in two hours. I'll be back. And if you're not? Do you really want to lose your job? No, I want to  do  it. He's going to want to see me. Judge McCutcheon. Hayes Morrison. I know who you are. I read the papers. I'm sure you do... the kind with print and everything. I'm here about the warrant on Eduardo Peligro's Internet service provider. You shut down my associate. I enlightened her on the trade-offs between investigating crimes and Fourth Amendment protections. Have a seat. I'll enlighten you. About our warrant. As part of the CIU's investigation, we're entitled... Sit. Is, uh, Mr. Peligro a terrorist? No, and... Does he have any terrorist ties? That's not exactly... Has he committed a crime? He may have or been a witness. The case was decided in 2010. Did the police consider him a suspect at the time? No, but CIU does, and a full investigation requires... I have no interest or obligation to enable CIU's mission of, uh, digging up dirt on adjudicated cases. So you're not pro-privacy. You're anti-CIU. I'm drawing a line in the Constitutional sand. It's been drawn. Katz v. U.S. Mr. Peligro has no reasonable expectation for privacy regarding his ISP information. And while I respect your desire to protect Mr. Peligro's freedom to surf clown p0rn or send photos of his junk in complete privacy, I need to find the truth about this case. Might get an innocent woman out of prison. And the truth shall set her free? Doesn't it always? [Cellphone vibrating] [Beep] You need to get he... Here! Let's do this. So, instead of in part by Roypicking up litter by the side of the road, you're running this new high-profile Conviction Integrity Unit. I know. Believe me, I was more than ready for trash detail, but District Attorney Wallace saw another way to put my legal background to use. So is this new job at CIU a sort of tailor-made diversionary program? Yes, it gives me an outlet for my sometimes-misdirected energies. These, uh, misdirected energies, as you say... They've caused a lot of problems for your family. I-I don't know about that. The incident with the cocaine would have posed a major issue for your mother's Senate campaign. A lot of people are saying this is why District Attorney Wallace came to the rescue. I can understand why people would think that, but that's not true. I'm very lucky that the district attorney thought enough of my legal skills to put me in charge of the Conviction Integrity Unit. It's my second chance, much like the second chances my team and I are giving people whose convictions we really want to investigate. But there's a real difference here. The people whose cases you're reviewing... They went through the system. They faced a jury of their peers. You did no such thing. Your experience is 180 degrees from theirs. I... Y-you're right that my experience isn't exactly the same, but... I mean, if I was e of your innocent clients who'd been in prison for years for a crime I didn't commit, how would you justify to me what appears to be an entirely different set of rules for Hayes Morrison? Well, as someone who has been humbled and, yes, blessed, I will work twice as hard to get you the justice you deserve. Whoa. Whoa. Oh, no. Oh, God. Just... Do you need a minute? No, no, I just... [Sighs] They were choking me. [Sighs] Honestly, Dan, I hope your audience sees through this charade, because this here... Me in these pearls and this stupid suit... This is what privilege looks like. Can you elaborate on that? The fact that you're here talking to me... This is the problem. Rich, famous, powerful people get away with murder all the time, sometimes literally. Coke in the purse, insider trading, sexual assault... You name it. I screw up. Because of my last name, the cops call the DA. He calls my mom. Strings are pulled. I'm out on the street in an hour with a new job... a job I initially had no interest in. Funny thing is, I like causing trouble, busting the system, exposing wrongful convictions. Kind of gets me off. So, really, it worked for me, again. Now, hopefully, it's also a bonus to people like Penny Price... a mom accused of killing her own son... to have me on their side because I may be a hot mess, but I'm a hot mess with privilege. And since Penny Price has none, the least I can do is lend her some of mine. Any more questions? [Elevator dings] Well, your access card still works. Yeah, surprised me, too. I'm sure it won't last. Where are we on the home healthcare aide? Sam is sending the court order over to the ISP. It's the only way they'll turn over Eduardo's home address, but we do have access to his texts. Tess and Frankie are going through them right now. [Sighs] I saw your interview last night. That wasn't dull. [Chuckles] How'd your family feel about it? Jackson took off last night, has yet to re-emerge. He's probably calming my mother down. Bet you're excited for a new boss. I was just getting to like the old one. Boss, you're here. Um, check out this photo Eduardo sent to a friend. "Thank you. Jazi is doing much better now." Eduardo's sister, Jazmin, went into the hospital for diabetic shock. But look at that date. That's the day after Owen died. Do you think he used his sister's insulin shot to dose Owen? That would mean Eduardo risked his sister's life to end Owen's. And we still don't know why he'd want to. Maybe he wanted him to go to a better place. That's from a text Eduardo wrote his mom. "You can't imagine how hard it is to see a beautiful boy punch himself or bite his lip in a rage and realize Owen will never be happy. I wish he could go to a better place." That sounds like a reason. [Cellphone dings] The ISP just traced Eduardo's location to an apartment in East Harlem. I'll come with. It's my last case. Might as well close it up right. Penny was a great mother. So dedicated to Owen. I still can't believe what happened. Eduardo, Owen didn't die of sodium poisoning. He was overdosed with insulin. The day after, your sister ends up in an a diabetic coma. Jazmin's insulin kit went missing the day Owen died. And we never knew what happened to it. We've read the texts between you and your mom. Wait, what? You read my texts? That can't be... Legal? We have a warrant. I'm happy to show it to you. Why don't you tell me a little bit more about wanting Owen to go to a better place? Well, no, I-I was talking about him going into a residential facility where he could get 24-hour care. The families I work with become like my own, and Owen was like my son. And his sister, Emily, and Jazi, were best friends. Jazi. [Speaks Spanish] Jazi, please, tell these ladies how Emily used to stay with us all the time. She liked our place more than hers. Said it was quiet, a lot less crazy. It was hard on Emily having a brother like Owen. She couldn't have friends over. Kids' parents were always afraid that he would hurt their children. So your insulin kit went missing the day Owen died. Was Emily at your house that day? Yes. Did she know about your diabetes? Yes. A few times, Emily even gave me my insulin shot. [Buzzer sounds] [Both laugh] We've had some breaks in the case. Well, that's great news. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Great. This report shows that Owen died because he was injected with insulin, not from a sodium overdose. You know that. You knew it even before we told your dad and you. Em, what does she mean? We're fairly certain that whoever murdered Owen used insulin stolen from Jazmin Peligro. Edu... Eduardo killed Owen? We thought that at first, but Eduardo has no motive. Owen wasn't ruining his life. Owen wasn't ruining  anyone's  life. I don't... Wasn't taking all the attention, wasn't scaring him, beating his mom. Emily, honey, what's wrong? [Crying] I loved Owen so much, Mom. I really did, but he was tearing us apart. I could see how scared you were. Emily, stop, stop. Stop talking. Stop talking. Did you give him the soy sauce, Emily, to keep him quiet while you gave him the shot? I'm so sorry. I never meant for you to end up in here. Shh. Shh. Shh. No, no, okay. Stop now. Stop talking. I thought that Owen was sick, and sick people die. Emily, honey, stop talking. You go home. You hear me? You go home, and you live your life. It's not that simple. I killed Owen. It was me. Penny, we know that Emily... But you can't prove anything. I gave him that insulin. I will tell it to any judge, to any jury, because my daughter deserves a life. [Sobs] [Buzzer sounds] Penny Price will stay in prison for a murder her daughter committed. Appreciate the update. [Sighs] You can go. I get it. You're looking for this. Your letter of resignation? Saves you the trouble of firing me. You have no idea what's been happening. You broke Twitter. # HayesKeepsltReal is through the roof. You're a national hero. You can go. And keep my job? Hell, you'll probably get mine. A scandal like this, someone has to pay. And while you skate, like you have your entire life, I am going to be investigated by the Department of Justice for misconduct and corruption. What? Don't worry. Nothing to do with your transgressions. They'll just be going through every case I've ever touched hoping to find something to hang me with. Will they find anything? You can go. Please, go. ♪ 
♪ Washed out brain ♪ Is that an olive tree? It's for Jackson. When you screw up past the point of extending a branch. Great work on the case. The other day, you asked me who I had to take care of. It was my mom. After my aunt was murdered, my mom sort of disappeared. I mean, she was right there in the house, but it was quiet. Not peaceful. Crushing silence. Sorrow. It's true what you said in that interview. Most people don't get second chances at life. Penny sacrificed herself for her daughter. ♪ My time, I need, I need new ways ♪ Miss Morrison, Mr. Morrison instructed me not to let you upstairs. I don't understand. He said that he'd send the rest to your new address. Can I call you a taxi? Uh, n... That's okay. Thanks. ♪ Not just cross myself out ♪ 
♪ Not just disappear ♪ 
♪ I've been trying to stay out ♪ 
♪ But there's something in you ♪ 
♪ I can't be without ♪ 
♪ I just need it here ♪ 
♪ I need new ways ♪ 
♪ To waste my time ♪ [Siren wail distantly, car horns beeping] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 