Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Enemy Combatant - Conviction 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Enemy Combatant https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=739&t=30590 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/16/17 05:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Enemy Combatant 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me. 
 Excuse me. 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 Stop! Put your hands up! 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Don't shoot! Don't shoot, please! 
 Put the bag on the ground and step back. 
 Bag on the ground! Do it! 
 Let me see your hands. Hands up. 
 On the ground. Get on the ground now. 
 I haven't done anything. 
 On the ground! 
 Facedown. Facedown! 
 Don't look at me. Do it now! Come on. 
 I haven't done anything. I... 
 Please, I... 
 I haven't done anything, please. 
 I-I... 
 ♪ 
 We got him. Threat's been neutralized. 
 Your bed is as hard as a rock. 
 No, it's firm, which is better for your back... and everything else. 
 "Everything else" was great in my soft, comfortable bed last night and this morning. 
 Jackson : You might want to put on some clothes. 
 And change the subject. 
 Since when are you so modest? 
 Probably since I got here. 
 Dad! 
 [Both laugh] 
 Hey, Bug. Conner. 
 Interesting philosophy on mattresses. 
 Sorry, sir. I... We didn't realize you were here. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Last-minute trip. 
 Just here for a few days, and I was hoping somebody might have some time to join me for breakfast. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Oh, sorry, Jax. Just Hayes this time. 
 ♪ 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 I'll say it again... that's not breakfast. 
 What time is it? 
 Time of consumption does not define breakfast versus non-breakfast foods. 
 That's where you're wrong. 
 I issued an executive order on my way out. 
 My girl in charge of this whole place? 
 Omar Abbas? He's a federal prisoner. 
 He was arrested by MTA police and arraigned by a New York City D.A. 
 Until Homeland Security and the Pentagon swooped in and declared him an enemy combatant, allowing him to be detained without trial. 
 In a patently unconstitutional stunt... 
 Debatably unconstitutional and definitely six years ago. 
 Why the sudden interest? 
 Because Omar Abbas is a month into a hunger strike. 
 Tried to commit suicide twice. 
 This time he might succeed. 
 And because an intelligence source told me he might be innocent. 
 He was arrested with liquid sarin in front of a thousand witnesses. 
 Does your source have evidence? 
 None that they can provide without compromising their anonymity, which is why no one I've asked in DHS or the Pentagon is willing to reopen the case. 
 God forbid anyone think you're soft on terror. 
 Lucky for Omar Abbas, you don't give a damn about what anyone thinks. 
 You're talking about taking on the military, Homeland Security. 
 Sounds like fun, doesn't it? 
 My team only has five days to work a case. 
 Abbas hasn't had an ounce of food in a month. 
 Now he's refusing water. 
 He could be dead in five days. 
 You might be his only shot. 
 ♪ 
 Omar Abbas is in a military facility in Virginia. It's a federal case. 
 No disrespect intended, Mr. President. 
 Oh, none taken, Maxine. 
 Or should I call you Ms. Bohen? 
 Maxine is fine. 
 First, it was a New York state case, and if we can convince a DOD review board to see it as a miscarriage of justice, then it could be again. 
 He was caught attempting mass murder with a chemical weapon. 
 And thrown into solitary confinement for six years before even being charged. 
 Fair price for joining Al-Qaeda. 
 Allegedly. 
 It was all over the news, man. 
 So was the part where prisoners of war don't get jury trials. 
 Timothy McVeigh declared war against the U.S. government, launched a successful attack. 
 He was never deemed an enemy combatant. 
 You see a difference? Beyond McVeigh being white. 
 He was executed, for one. 
 After a trial. 
 Ted : These types of disagreements are what make America the greatest country in the world. 
 All I'm asking is that Omar Abbas be offered the protection of this great country's legal system. 
 That's where you fine folks come in. 
 His life... may depend on you. 
 And here I was gonna tell you all to shut up and do your job. 
 More flies with honey, Bug. 
 And how do we make contact with Omar? 
 Red Cross have arranged a video conference. 
 What other case documentation do we have to work with? 
 This is Omar's arrest report. 
 This is the lab test confirming the liquid in the duffel bag was sarin. 
 Any other piece of evidence is deemed classified. 
 So we start our investigation figuring out where to start our investigation. 
 Good thing you guys are up for a challenge. 
 This call won't be confidential. 
 What happened to attorney-client privilege? 
 All communication with enemy combatants is monitored, no matter who they're talking to. 
 Omar, I'm Hayes Morrison. 
 I'm the head of New York's Conviction Integrity Unit. 
 I know who you are. 
 Did anyone explain why I wanted to talk with you? 
 You think you can help me. 
 Yes, but first, I'm gonna have to ask you to start eating and drinking water. 
 If I do that, I'll lose what little leverage I have left. 
 I can't help you if you're dead. 
 Ms. Morrison, you're the fourth lawyer who's asked me to put my faith in them. This place... these men... they have taken away all control. Whether I live or die, it is the only thing I have left. I'm not giving it up. 
 Can you tell me what happened that day at the train station? 
 I was picking up a fare. 
 When I opened my trunk, I saw the duffel bag. 
 The guy I dropped off a minute... earlier forgot his bag. 
 I grabbed the bag, tried to find him in the station. 
 The police checked your meter and phone log. 
 There's no record of the fare you say you dropped off. 
 I didn't put him on the meter. 
 Sometimes I'd offer people a flat fee if they agreed to pay cash. 
 It wasn't right... or legal, but... 
 I'm not a terrorist. 
 The federal government took over the case less than 48 hours after your arrest. 
 Any idea why they thought you're Al-Qaeda? 
 Because my name is Omar Abbas, I have brown skin, and I'm Muslim. And that bag wasn't mine. I tried to do the right thing... and in turn, I spent the past six years caged like an animal, living a nightmare. One way or another... it ends soon. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Mr. President. 
 Relax, Conner. 
 So, it's been a while since your girlfriend's dad caught you talking about sleeping with her? 
 If it's happened before, I blocked it out entirely. 
 Well, listen, um... thank you for letting me hijack your CIU. 
 You're welcome. 
 Although Hayes and I have an understanding that she picks her own cases. 
 And, of course, the investigation could be good for you as well as the country. 
 That's not why I'm okay with the CIU looking into Abbas' situation. 
 But it didn't hurt. 
 One thing you taught me... always have an agenda. 
 'Cause everyone else will have theirs. 
 So, you and Hayes have rekindled the flame? 
 We have. 
 Which I hoped you'd be happy about. 
 Mm. 
 I just don't see it... working out for you two, long-term. 
 She's a force of nature, my daughter. 
 Sir, Hayes is not the same woman she was when she left Chicago or even just a few months ago. 
 You never stop being an alpha dog. 
 And no relationship can handle two alphas. 
 Trust me. 
 I know. 
 Anyway, thanks again. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Maxine : Obviously, Omar Abbas was on a terrorist watch list. 
 I can neither confirm or deny... 
 Your team connected him with Al-Qaeda within 48 hours of his arrest. 
 That's based on classified intelligence, and as such, I'm not... 
 I was on the job on 9/11. 
 If this guy is connected to Al-Qaeda, I have no interest in exposing your sources or getting him out. 
 All I want to know... is how did you guys intercept Omar at the train station? 
 How did you know what he was there to do? 
 NSA picked up some chatter, so we put the MTA police on alert. 
 They have electronic chemical sniffers positioned at all major terrorism targets in the city. 
 I've never heard of that. 
 And you still haven't. 
 There were several sniffers on the light post outside. 
 Omar tipped the sensors walking into the station. 
 What about Omar's claim that the bag wasn't his? 
 Sarin can only be created by trained chemists. 
 Omar Abbas was a... a cab driver getting a degree in child psychology. 
 Which is why we're certain he obtained the sarin from another source. 
 Any idea who? 
 That's what we've been trying to find out. 
 Until we do, he's staying locked up. 
 [Door opens] 
 My son was not a member of Al-Qaeda. 
 My husband is a decent man. 
 He was studying to become a guidance counselor so he could help children. 
 He's never even met his own. 
 I was pregnant when Omar was arrested. 
 People who are holding your son... 
 "Holding" doesn't even begin to describe what they've done to him. 
 He's been imprisoned, tortured. 
 Look at this. 
 They won't even let him see the sky or hear a bird, not even for the few seconds it takes to get from a building to a car. 
 Can you blame him for refusing to eat? 
 For wanting to die? 
 That's why we're trying to help him. 
 My son could've gotten a much better part-time job... than driving a cab. 
 But he wanted people to know that he's proud to be a cab driver's son. 
 Is there any possibility that someone intentionally set Omar up? 
 Do you know if he had any enemies? 
 Set him up? 
 It's hard to believe that he made the sarin on his own, whh means either someone gave it to him or it was planted. 
 Omar was liked by everyone. 
 Sir, no one is liked by everyone. 
 What about other students at his college? 
 Anybody that was studying chemistry, someone with a grudge against him? 
 What is it? 
 There was someone. 
 They didn't have a problem with Omar. 
 They had a problem with me. 
 Sam : Omar may not have had enemies, but his dad did. 
 Nasir Mohammed. He's a hawaladar. 
 A what? 
 It's basically a black-market Western Union Arab communities use to send money overseas. 
 This guy has a record for multiple assaults. 
 Nasir and two of his thugs had a financial dispute with Omar's dad, Tariq. 
 Why would they target Omar if the issue was with Omar's father? 
 Tariq was supposed to be driving the cab that day. 
 [Truck beeping] 
 We're looking for Nasir Mohammed. 
 Can I help you? 
 We need to talk to you about your relationship with Tariq Abbas. 
 I don't know anyone by that name. 
 Really? 'Cause two of your associates were previously arrested for threatening and harassing him. 
 We're not here to shut you down. 
 We just need to know about your dispute with him. 
 It was a personal matter. It's been resolved. 
 By planting sarin in his taxi? 
 You're suggesting that I was somehow involved with what happened with his son? 
 Hawaladars are known for having black-market connections. 
 It would be easy for you to get liquid sarin. 
 I move money. That's it. 
 And I had nothing to do with Omar's arrest. 
 If you're looking for terrorist connections, you should be talking to Tariq. 
 His nephew Asif was radicalized. 
 And you know this because... 
 Asif used my service. 
 He transferred $3,000 U.S. to Karachi, telling me that it was for some family friend who had fallen on hard times. 
 A month later, I found out the recipient was a jihadist. 
 He violated my trust. 
 I could've been targeted by Homeland Security. 
 And that was the source of your fight with Tariq. 
 Yes. Asif used his uncle's account. 
 His violation was Tariq's responsibility. 
 And you never reported Asif to anyone? 
 In my culture, you let family deal with their own. 
 Asif Khan, 19 at the time he was allegedly using a hawaladar to fund terrorist activities. 
 Can we corroborate this story? 
 Uh, no. Hawaladars operate under the radar. 
 No paper trail. 
 Not for that, but Asif did travel to Pakistan three times in the year leading up to Omar's arrest. 
 Each time, he flew from New York to Dubai, then took a local charter to Pakistan. 
 He didn't want anyone to know his final destination. 
 But it looks like Omar knew. 
 He paid for one of Asif's flights on his credit card. 
 So much for no terrorist ties. Where's Asif now? 
 It looks like he's got an apartment in the Bronx. 
 You and Sam try and track him down, get his side of the story. 
 Got a sec? 
 I'm checking in on Omar Abbas' case. 
 Any particular reason? 
 Media found out CIU was investigating, so now, in addition to all the calls I'm getting from the feds... 
 The press are all over you. 
 What's that saying? No such thing as bad publicity? 
 This from a woman who knows that isn't true. 
 You having a problem with us looking into this? 
 No. I'm just wondering why your dad brought it to you. 
 Because he wants to right a wrong. 
 Because he loves the idea of sticking it to the Pentagon. 
 You sure that's all that's going on? 
 Whatever the reason now, I'm in. 
 Your dad came by my office yesterday. 
 He doesn't think we're gonna work out. 
 Something about two alpha dogs not being a good match. 
 You are taking relationship advice from my dad? 
 It didn't exactly work out between him and your mother. 
 We're not them. My dad is trying to rattle you. 
 He does this with any guy I'm seeing. 
 He didn't last time. 
 Maybe this time he senses that we're serious. 
 Maybe. 
 I really want to kiss you right now. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Too bad the whole world is watching. 
 Later, then. 
 Keep me posted. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [Door opens] 
 Thanks for coming in. 
 How long have you and Asif been roommates? 
 About a year. 
 When was the last time you saw him? 
 Last night. 
 He left in a hurry, and he took his prayer rug. 
 I don't think he's coming back soon. 
 Any idea where he went? 
 No. I asked, but he wouldn't tell me. 
 He seemed pretty freaked out. 
 I brought his journal... in case it might help you track him down. 
 What is this, Arabic? 
 Urdu, I'm guessing. 
 Can you... 
 Translate? No, I was born in the Bronx. 
 Looks like a terrorist camp. 
 Is that Omar with his cousin, Asif? 
 They were working together. 
 ♪ 
 That photo was taken a long time ago. 
 These men are on the Most Wanted Terrorist list, and that's you standing next to them. 
 I can explain. 
 Did they provide you with the sarin? 
 No. 
 Because if you're protecting a terrorist,  Asif was troubled. 
 I can't protect you. 
 After 9/11, he was assaulted. People called him a terrorist. He was angry, frustrated. Decided if he was gonna be labeled that way anyway... He stole my credit card, used it to buy a plane ticket to Karachi. 
 Well, that explains what he's doing there. 
 What about  you? I went to bring him home. Save him. I had to pretend I wanted jihad, too. It was the only way I could get Asif out. 
 That's gonna be hard to prove, even if it's tr... 
 [ Gagging ] 
 Omar? 
 Call the medic! 
 Omar! 
 Is Omar going to be okay? 
 I don't even know who to ask for a status update. 
 Low thiamine levels probably sent his body into shock. 
 He's being force-fed through a tube now. That's protocol. 
 He started the hunger strike so he could gain some control. 
 Now he's lost it again. 
 What about his story? 
 Are we really buying Omar went to Pakistan to rescue his cousin? 
 Flying halfway around the world to infiltrate a terrorist cell? 
 Seems well beyond the call of duty. 
 You know, when I got out of prison, my cousin was in deep with my old gang. 
 I was on parole, so getting anywhere near them was a violation. 
 I could've ended up back inside or in serious trouble if the gang realized I was trying to pull him out. 
 So I crashed a few parties. 
 I managed to talk some sense into him before they ruined his life. 
 I buy Omar's story. 
 We need to find Asif, see if he confirms it. 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 I talked to his roommate this morning. Still no sign of him. 
 I think I know how to track him down. 
 ♪ 
 Hayes. 
 Agent Cole Sexton, Agent Maeda from DHS. 
 You guys buy those suits in bulk? 
 I'm looking for Omar's cousin, Asif Khan. 
 I'm guessing the DHS has him under surveillance, given his flirtation with terrorism. 
 CIU's investigation on Omar Abbas is over. 
 Drop the case. 
 Why would I do that? 
 Because Omar was caught red-handed with liquid sarin. 
 And we corroborated both his ties to Al-Qaeda and his plan to attack the train station. 
 With whom? 
 A confidential informant. 
 Okay. So put me in contact with this informant, and I will corroborate the corroboration. 
 Omar was put away in accordance with the law. 
 I don't need to show you any proof, and I'm not about to expose our source. 
 Shut it down. 
 ♪ 
 
 
 
 Thank you for your support. 
 Hayes, the evidence is completely against Omar. 
 What evidence? The evidence the feds refuse to share with us? 
 They have a C.I. 
 With whom I need to speak. 
 Sexton's never going to give you access. 
 It doesn't matter. 
 Omar's connection to Al-Qaeda comes through his cousin, Asif. 
 We find Asif, he gives us the C.I. 
 [Spatula tapping] 
 Frankie : This man used his credit card in here the other day. 
 You recognize him? 
 Sorry. Can't help you. 
 Might help if you looked at the photo. 
 I doubt it. I don't help cops. 
 I look like a cop to you, man? 
 No, but you act like one. 
 We're from D.A.'s office, and actually, we're trying to help someone get out of jail. 
 So you can put someone else in? 
 Only if they were involved in a sarin attack at the train station six years ago. 
 I remember that. 
 So you'll help us, then. 
 No. 
 You want to order some food, let me know. 
 You want to see me naked? 
 Already have. Paparazzi pics from Nice. 
 Like I don't know who you are. 
 Those were just topless. 
 I'm talking about the ones from Italy. 
 Spiaggi di Guvano. 
 You tell us something we don't already know, I'll give you the website. 
 He came in twice yesterday. 
 He paid cash for lunch and used the card for dinner. 
 That's all I got. 
 First, you want to make sure you have an antivirus program installed on your computer, and then you go to ww... 
 It's all right. I've seen those already, too. 
 She's cool. You're not. 
 Asif must be hiding out somewhere nearby. 
 Why else would anyone eat here twice in one day? 
 There's a crappy motel around the corner. 
 The clerk said he's in room 309. 
 Housekeeping. 
 Asif : I said I didn't want service today. 
 Housekeeping, sir. We just need to take trash out. 
 It... It's fine. It's fine. 
 Housekeeping. 
 Damn it. 
 ♪ 
 Why you running, Asif? We're just trying to help. 
 When I heard someone was asking around about my cousin, I got scared. 
 You didn't want the CIU to uncover the truth, that you're the terrorist, not your cousin. 
 No. That's... 
 We're trying to find the informant who put your cousin away. 
 That's me. 
 I'm the one who informed on Omar. 
 I'm not saying anything else. I should've never told you that! 
 We're not going anywhere, Asif. 
 We can wait. What'll it be? p0rn? 
 "Fast and Furious 17"? 
 I only informed on Omar because I didn't have any other choice. 
 And what's that supposed to mean? 
 Please tell us the truth. 
 After Omar was arrested... some men grabbed me off the street. 
 Who? The hawaladar's enforcers? 
 No. 
 No, they were government agents. 
 I'm pretty sure they were the same ones who picked up Omar. 
 What did they want from you? 
 They were convinced that I'd helped Omar plan the attack even though I kept telling them there was no plan, no attack, that my cousin wasn't a terrorist. 
 They wouldn't stop asking the same questions... about where Omar got the sarin, was it from the man on the 911 call... 
 What 911 call? 
 They played it over and over. 
 There was a man saying there was sarin in a duffel bag in the trunk of a taxi cab. 
 Did you recognize his voice? 
 No, but they wouldn't believe me. 
 They said I could disappear and no one would ever know. 
 They held me there for days. 
 They wouldn't let me sleep, barely gave me any food or water. 
 They tortured you. 
 I thought I was gonna die. I had to get out of there. 
 I told them what they wanted to hear. 
 That Omar was Al-Qaeda... and he planned to release the sarin in the train station. 
 It was the only way they would stop. 
 Torture... cruel and ineffective. 
 My cousin saved me when he pulled me from that terrorist camp. 
 In return... 
 I ruined his life. 
 He's never even met his daughter. 
 Well, this is your chance to fix it, but we need you to tell your story. 
 No. No, I... I can't. 
 Asif, I took Omar's case because my father asked me to. 
 He'll protect you. 
 And now even the media are paying attention. 
 But you need to be brave. 
 Your cousin could die if you're not. 
 Madam Chairperson, in light of Asif Khan's appearance here today to recant his original testimony... 
 Woman : Testimony implicating Mr. Abbas in planning a mass-casualty attack in New York City. 
 A statement made under duress after days of torture. 
 Man : Enhanced interrogation, which is permissible under the laws of this country. 
 Just because it's legal doesn't make it any less inhumane. 
 Watch yourself, Ms. Morrison. 
 I will do that, ma'am. 
 Who is watching all of you? 
 Respectfully, Omar Abbas was arrested in New York City, but he was never charged or allowed to stand trial. 
 The people of New York deserve the opportunity to hold him accountable for his crimes. 
 Omar Abbas is rotting away in a military facility in Virginia. 
 He is being kept alive by being fed through a tube forced up his nose because he's given up hope. 
 And I don't blame him. 
 He's never stood trial, he's never been charged... 
 As happens with enemy combatants. 
 He's an American citizen, arrested on American soil, not that any human being deserves to be treated this... 
 It is our understanding that the detainee still has not divulged any information about where he acquired the chemical agent. 
 That assumes he's guilty, which has never been proven. 
 Actually, it has, by Asif Khan's signed affidavit. 
 Which he recanted. 
 Can your witness prove that the sarin found in Omar Abbas' possession didn't belong to him? 
 No, but... 
 Or that he's not lying right now to try and exonerate his cousin? 
 He made a sworn statement. 
 Your request for Mr. Abbas' immediate release is denied. 
 He'll face trial when the Justice Department's investigation is complete. 
 How long is that gonna take? 
 As long as we need it to. 
 The security of the country is at stake. 
 [Gavel bangs] 
 The Federal Review Board shut us down, leaving us with one option. 
 Which is? 
 Prove Omar wasn't trying to carry out a terrorist attack, which means finding the person that left the duffel bag of sarin in the cab. 
 So, essentially do in two days what the feds couldn't do in six years? 
 We need to get ahold of the 911 call that Asif mentioned, the one about the sarin. 
 Whoever made that call was either responsible for the attack or knows who is. 
 I already checked with NYPD. 
 Call didn't go to 911 dispatch. 
 Well, if it didn't go through 911, then it had to go to the DHS tip line. 
 You mean that "If you see something, say something" number on billboards? 
 We're never gonna get our hands on that recording. 
 I may have a way. 
 I can't help you, Max. 
 Seriously, Reese? 
 After my dad helped you get assigned to the 127th after we graduated from the academy? 
 I can't help you because I couldn't find any information in the DHS phone logs. 
 Well, maybe our witness lied. 
 I didn't say that. I'm gonna show you something. 
 You don't get to take it with you, you can't take a picture... 
 I'll take a peek and forget where I saw it. 
 The record for the time you asked me about shows no call coming in about a terror threat or sarin. 
 But a call entry around that time was deleted. 
 Deleted, meaning... 
 The recording's missing, along with all the details about the number it came in from. 
 Whatever's on that call, someone's making sure you don't find it. 
 You really made these, Jax? 
 Yes. Sure did. 
 Dad, I need a minute. 
 Uh, can it... can it wait a minute, Bug? We... We have company. 
 Have one of your brother's shrimp toasts. 
 Mm. It's about Omar Abbas. 
 I'll be right back. 
 Hey, tell him how you wrangled that committee seat for your mother. 
 [Chuckles] It all started with shrimp toast just like this. 
 Hayes : The DOD Review Board turned down our appeal even though their main witness recanted his testimony. 
 I need to talk to your source. 
 A tip was called in. 
 That's how MTA knew about the sarin. 
 I'm sorry. I have to stay out of this. 
 This is our only chance to free Omar. 
 Hayes, you know, I can't reveal my source. 
 Use the resources at your disposal. 
 What resources? 
 Redacted files? Anonymous sources? 
 You... You'll meddle with my personal life, you'll take a shot at Wallace and me, but you won't help me with this? 
 Bug, settle down. We have guests. 
 [Scoffs] 
 You didn't expect me to succeed. 
 You  never  expected me to succeed. 
 That's ridiculous. 
 Wallace asked me why you pushed me to take this case. 
 I thought he was being paranoid. 
 Whatever your agenda... it's been satisfied. 
 CIU took the case, now the media knows about it. 
 You don't care whether Omar lives or dies. 
 But, hey, as long as it's a win for you. 
 ♪ 
 [Buzzer] 
 [Buzzer] 
 [Buzzer] 
 You expecting company? 
 No. 
 ♪ 
 What is it? 
 It's the missing call log from the terror tip line. 
 Looks like you made a friend. 
 This was left in the elevator? 
 It's the missing DHS call log. 
 You see this right here? Time stamp 4:35 p.m., lasting 58 seconds? 
 This is the call that was deleted from the log I "didn't see" yesterday. 
 That must be the call warning about the sarin being in Omar's cab. 
 We need to find out who placed it. 
 I looked into the envelope the log came in. 
 Made by Minoso Paper Company... available in any office-supply store on the East Coast. 
 No fingerprints, no DNA. 
 So a total bust. 
 Whoever left that info for you in the elevator didn't want it traced back to them. 
 Well, luckily, they gave us enough to figure out where the anonymous tip was placed from. 
 City directory says it's a pay phone in the Financial District. 
 They still have those? 
 In 2011, they did. 
 This call came from the courtyard at the Galloway Bank corporate headquarters. 
 A bank... that's perfect. 
 They should have plenty of security footage. 
 But not archived six years later, Bug. 
 Uh, we will have to go back to Omar and see if this new information will help him remember some of his old fares. 
 Sam, you call me "Bug" again, I'll take your legs off. 
 Every other day now, they strap me to a chair, put a tube up my nose. 
 Omar, we have a lead on whoever informed the police about the sarin in your cab. 
 The person who made the call did it from a pay phone outside a Galloway Bank on Broad Street. 
 That was six years ago. 
 We checked your credit-card transactions from that day. 
 None of those passengers were picked up or dropped off near that location. 
 Do you remember anyone who paid cash that you might have dropped off in that area? 
 Try and think back. Fall 2011. 
 I tried to avoid the Financial District. Traffic was so terrible, all the protests. 
 Occupy Wall Street. 
 That's right. Now, I dropped one young man off around there. He was, uh, white, early 20s, short blond hair, wore a baseball cap. 
 Mets, Yankees, or something useful? 
 From a college, I think. I remember him because... because I tried to turn him down, but he offered five times the meter to go downtown. For that money, I was... I was fine to sit in traffic. 
 Any chance this yog man left a duffel bag in your trunk? 
 Yeah, possibly. When it's too cold, I... I pop the trunk and let the passengers load and unload for themselves. 
 Hang in there, Omar. We'll follow up on this. 
 If the feds are monitoring Omar's communications, they'll know we're closing in on a suspect. 
 Which can't make them happy. 
 We need to find this college kid before they do. 
 Or they'll make him disappear before we get to talk to him, and Omar will stay locked up. 
 ♪ 
 You kept files on the protestors? 
 It must've been a headache for you and your team. 
 I don't know what's worse... 
 A snot-nosed kid calling me a fascist every day that you come to work or having to sit and listen to that drum circle all day. 
 Any of these kids seem capable of doing some real damage? 
 Which one of those punks wasn't? 
 30 of them stormed the lobby that morning. 
 In the afternoon, it was quiet, though, because they were all arrested and cooling their heels at the Tombs. 
 I don't see our clean-cut college kid anywhere. 
 Is there any chance someone else was here that day, someone that didn't fit the part? 
 Hmm. 
 Hey, wait a minute. There was this one guy. 
 I caught him throwing eggs at the employees a week earlier. 
 And we had to run him off, though. 
 What did this guy look like? 
 Like him, minus 10 years. 
 But we haven't seen him since. 
 Probably gone back to get his bachelor's degree in macrame. 
 College kids, right? 
 You got a picture of this guy? 
 Uh, yeah, sure. 
 Ever since 9/11, we keep all troublemakers on file. 
 That's him right there. 
 This guy got a name? 
 Paul Sedgewick. 
 Thank you. Let's go. 
 Thank you, Emilio, for your help. 
 Yeah. It's, uh, my pleasure. 
 We appreciate you coming down here, Paul. 
 We're reviewing an arrest that was made during the Occupy Wall Street protests a few years back. 
 A lot of those charges filed against us protestors were bogus. 
 Are you saying you didn't assault a 47-year-old mother of two with an egg? 
 I was aiming for her boss. 
 Gandhi would be proud. 
 You're not a big fan of Galloway Bank, huh, Paul? 
 Why would I be? 
 They wiped out my parents' pension, took away their home. 
 I had to drop out of college. 
 My dad came out of retirement to pay the bills. 
 Then he had a heart attack working a double shift. 
 He died on the factory floor. 
 Before you dropped out, you were premed, right? 
 Yes. 
 And after your dad died, you went back and majored in chemical engineering. 
 So what? 
 That's the kind of thing that comes in handy when you want to make a chemical agent, say, like sarin. 
 I'm done talking to you without a lawyer. 
 ♪ 
 You can't leave. 
 I'm not under arrest. 
 What happened, Paul? Did you get cold feet when you got to the bank? 
 Leave the sarin in the taxi? 
 You called the authorities because you didn't want innocent people to get hurt. 
 Well, someone did get hurt... Omar Abbas. 
 I don't have to tell you anything. 
 You don't want to leave, Paul. 
 We have every reason to believe the feds are onto you by now. 
 And believe me, you'd rather talk to us. 
 Just ask Omar Abbas. 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 Just who we're here to see. 
 Is that Omar's co-conspirator? 
 You have done nothing but keep my unit in the dark. 
 Now I have to be transparent with you? 
 So he is? 
 No. 
 Sedgewick planned the attack alone. 
 His target was the Galloway Bank, but you all zeroed in on Omar because he looked like a terrorist. 
 Meanwhile, the real criminal got away. 
 This might change that. 
 It's the audio recording of the tip about the sarin being in Omar's cab. 
 We've been looking for this. 
 I had no idea. 
 Because you're my father's source. 
 You knew that Omar was locked up based on Asif's coerced testimony. 
 You confided in my father that he might be innocent, then leaked the pay-phone number when you knew I hit a dead end. 
 You've got five minutes before we take him into custody. 
 Make them count. 
 Paul :  Pay attention. This is real. There's a cab in Lower Manhattan with liquid sarin in it. It's in a duffel bag. You're running out of time. 
 I think that's more than enough for a voice match, don't you? 
 Absolutely. In fact, Homeland Security is tracing the sarin right back to you now, finding the chemical components you bought to make it. 
 Talk to us while you can. 
 The more people that know your story, the better for you. 
 ♪ 
 [Sighs] 
 When I got to the bank, I saw that it was crawling with protestors. 
 And once I bailed on the attack, I realized that other people could get hurt. 
 That's why I called about the sarin. 
 I didn't mean for somebody else to get blamed. 
 The Review Board will convene an emergency session tomorrow morning in Washington. 
 In light of recent developments, we'd appreciate if you backed our motion to release Omar Abbas immediately. 
 Since you've conclusively demonstrated he's not a threat to our nation's security... 
 He never was. 
 ...we'll support your recommendation under one condition. 
 That Omar's investigation remain classified. 
 Like hell. The man's rights were violated. 
 It's in everyone's interest for Omar to be released with as little fanfare as possible. 
 Sounds reasonable enough. 
 Take the win. 
 ♪ 
 Your father is a great humanitarian. 
 Even done quietly, this will make that clear. 
 The right people will know. 
 ♪ 
 [Door opens] 
 The right people? 
 There's an opening at the U.N. 
 [Door closes] 
 Secretary General. 
 Welcome home. 
 ♪ 
 You're more beautiful than I imagined. 
 ♪ 
 You did it. 
 Sure did. 
 You should've told me about your U.N. position. 
 What does it matter? 
 This man is free because of you. 
 And because you wanted a new job. 
 An important one. I'll be good at it. 
 Why couldn't you just be honest with me? 
 Why is there always an agenda with you? 
 That's not just me, Bug. That's everyone. 
 That's Wallace. 
 Okay, Dad. 
 You have no idea about our relationship. 
 I love him. 
 I know you do. And he loves you, too. 
 But part of what he loves about you is that you're my daughter. 
 You were raised in a political family, you have power, access, all the things he never had. 
 Why would you say that? 
 You've always been big on the truth. 
 You're wrong about him. 
 Okay. But how will you ever know? 
 ♪ 
 Wallace : That was amazing. 
 You're amazing. 
 Now you're exaggerating. 
 Hayes Morrison, champion of the underdog. 
 Who else could've actually pulled that off? 
 This demands a celebration. 
 And not just this case... everything. 
 CIU, your mom's win, my beating the U.S. attorney. 
 And us, of course. 
 ♪ Let the light come in ♪ 
♪ Forgiveness ♪ 
 To us. 
 ♪ Let the light come in ♪ 
 Hayes... 
 Sorry. What were you saying? 
 To us. 
 [Glasses clink] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 