Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - Raging Fae - Lost Girl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - Raging Fae https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=95&t=12394 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/30/11 07:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - Raging Fae 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ 
 Yorkshire pudding? 
 Gravy?! 
 Hells to the bells, yes! 
 Yeah, hold on -- 
 Bo-ooo! 
 What?! 
 Hey babe, what's our dance card like on Sunday? 
 I can't really check the daytimer right now, Kenz! 
 It's Trick! 
 He's making a Sunday roast at the Dal! 
 What do you say -- 
 You, me, and our elastic-waist sweats? 
 Bo: I can't! 
 Why not?! 
 'Cause I'll be busy! 
 Busy with what?? 
 Knock yourself out, I need a night in! 
 Well I'll be there with my monogrammed steak knife, but Bo, alas, sends her regrets. 
 (Bo moaning) 
 Yeahhh...um, she can't really talk right now- 
 She's jammed right up. 
 (man groaning) 
 Hey, Sugar Crotch- how was the car service? 
 Oh, we'll definitely be keeping them on speed dial. 
 But renegade goblin or not, that is the last time I jump out a third floor window for a case. 
 Now, I know you were un peu occupado getting bang-healed and everything but- 
 Is there any other reason you're avoiding all calls from the merry Trickster? 
 Other than the fact that I had a vision in which I kill him? 
 Do you owe huge on your bar tab or did you steal his troll, or- 
 Whoa, whoa, wait-- 
 What?! 
 Kill him? Kill Trick?! 
 The Nain Rouge gave me a vision. 
 Somehow -- he was dead by my hands. 
 Does he know? 
 No, which is why he's getting pushy. 
 Why hello, doctor. 
 What?? 
 Where? 
 C'mon! 
 What?! No! 
 We have to sit down and process this! 
 Preferably with the roast beef sandwich I'm suddenly craving. 
 ♪ 
 Found you. 
 Bo: Hey, Lauren! 
 Where's the mystery patient? 
 Apparently he was just dumped here last night-- 
 ♪ 
 Oh, wow- 
 What happened? 
 Well, a jumping back-kick and a tornado of fists. 
 Excuse me? 
 He's a fighter. Mixed martial arts. 
 The guy made a meal outta me. 
 What kind of son of a bitch can do that to an Ogre? 
 You're an Ogre?! 
 Tough as they come. 
 What kind of Fae did this to you? 
 That's the thing, Bo-- 
 It wasn't Fae! 
 It was a damn human. 
 Life is hard when you don't know who you are. 
 It's harder when you don't know what you are. 
 My love carries a death sentence. 
 I was lost for years. 
 Searching while hiding. 
 Only to find that I belonged to a world hidden from humans. 
 I won't hide anymore. 
 I will live the life I choose. Yeah, yeah, yeah-- That hurts! It hurts- I'm worried about internal hemorrhaging- Oscar, I really think- No way I'm going back to the lab with you -- If I do, the Ash is gonna find out. Find out what? The fights, they're not strictly...sanctioned. Dislocated shoulder. I didn't even notice. So you're talking about illegal, underground fights? Dude, how do we score tix? Well -- if Oscar doesn't tell us everything, Then I'm gonna have to write a report for The Ash. All right, all right-- This guy named Ferraro, he runs these human fights out of his gym. Totally secret. Invite only for the live Fae audience. There's a dead audience too? I am not dealing with any more zombies- No, no, no -- he gives the paying viewers a password to a website, people all over the world can watch and bet online. It's big, big business. Ow- So this Ferraro? He's Dark Fae? No -- Light. Well-connected. Real pillar of the community type. Sure he is. So how did you get involved with him? There's this human and he's won like twelve straight fights. And the audience is getting real bored of him  Destroys opponents in like, two seconds. But he's only fought humans- So Ferraro secretly brings in this bad-ass Ogre-- The things this guys did to me in the ring- I ain't ever seen a human do that before. Something ain't right with him. A human cockfighting ring? Keep the joke inside, keep it inside... With a super-human human pounding on people for Fae pleasure and profit? No way. I'm shutting it down, pronto. I thought you might. Help me with this- Turn and pull on three- Okay- Wait, wait, wait- You gotta promise not to tell the Ash about this. I got a wife and brood at home, If they ship me off for forty years to crush uranium, who's gonna provide? Don't worry. Your secret's safe with us. I know someone we can trust. One, two, three-- (bones cracking) No human could do that to an Ogre. So a Fae has been pulling some underhanded crap, big surprise! I don't buy it. Salvatore Ferraro, he doesn't have any dirt on him, Bo. He's clean. As far as you know. He's a stand-up guy. He's a self-made man. Acts heavy weight- He helps human immigrants. He gives them loans, gets them jobs-- So he has a steady supply of bodies to throw into the ring. His gym is legit. He sits on the board for the hospital, he gives to charities... he's a pillar -- Pillar of the community. Yeah, boy howdy, has this guy ever perfected his cover. Look, I know you don't like humans being used for Fae spectacle, but for us it's just a minor crime. Even if he's pitting Fae against human? For a guy like Ferraro that's just a slap on the wrist. Well what about the human fighter that can beat up ogres? If, and it's a big IF, Ferraro is somehow giving humans Fae powers then yes, that is a serious crime. But I'm going to need one hell of a smoking gun. I can't touch him unless hard evidence falls in my lap. Well, evidence is going to fall so hard you're gonna be singing soprano. Bye. Kenzi: Fighters! Scrumptious barbarians, clutching each other's half-naked bodies while writhing on the floor? I'm on my way, Bo-Bo! I'll bring the coconut oil! GASP! Oh-- Hi. I'm sorry -- I didn't know if I should even knock -- Well it beats kicking down the door. What?! Well, I... I just have to ask -- do you live with this woman? Her name's Beth. Beth. Hm- Yeah, sure. Maybe. Why, what are you, some kind of stalker? No. More of a hunter. Do you believe in monsters? Why? Because you're living with one. No, no, yeah, yeah absolutely! Let the Mayor know I'll be there for his charity hospital gala on the 4th. Absolutely, yeah! Hang on- Mikey! Just cause you're on a bit of a hot-streak don't mean you can slack off! What'd I get for you, Mikey? Biggest fight of my career, Coach! Biggest fight of your freakin' LIFE! You gotta deliver for the viewers, Mikey. Showmanship, showmanship, Mikey! Alright, don't let the Mayor think he's off the hook -- we're expecting a big-time donation from him too. Good! Good- Glad to hear the children won't be disappointed. See ya-- Hi, I'm-- Clearly in the wrong place. We ain't got no box-fit or yoga hip hop classes or what have you. This is a fighter's gym. And I don't need no card girl either. Well, that's ok -- I left my bikini at the cleaners. What are you doing here then? At a fighting gym? Gee, I can't imagine. Tough girl, huh? THRASHER! ♪ It's taken me years. Private investigators, reporters, friends on the force -- every little scrap they could give me... Finally I heard a rumour about a bartender who left a body behind in a way that caught my attention- Now it's just a matter of getting lucky and spotting Beth in a coffee shop-- I'm sure it's her. We were friends in high school. She dated my older brother. Until he was killed. What happened? Beth wasn't allowed to date. But she was always sneaking out with Kyle. One night, they went off in his truck -- next morning a couple of kids found him dead in the back seat -- Beth just vanished. I saw his body -- He had this smile on his face. Like some kind of sick joke. Look, I promise you, Bo- Beth- had nothing to do with that. Either she killed Kyle, or she knows what happened and she ran off instead of telling us. One way or another, she did something horrible. ♪ Bo: UGH! Better luck next time, kid! If you hurry, you might make spin class down the street. Ah! Ugh! (bones cracking)  tap-tap-tap clap-clap-clap That's unbelievable. You getting' slow on me, Thrasher? Convinced? Yeah- you got moves. Let's discuss terms. You got a stage name, a nom de guerre, a fight moniker? Bo, just Bo. Bo-- That's not a name. Boom Boom. That's a name. Boom Boom...? Trust me, I know marketing. Now who the Fae are you-- And what are you doing in my gym? Easy, buddy-- I'm just a girl, standing in front of a guy, asking for a fight. Thing is, Boom Boom, I've seen enough fighters to know exactly what's Fae and what's human, so- Exactly what kind of Fae are you? The unaligned kind. You're that Succubus? I never chose a side, so I'm always looking for ways to make money. Yeah? How'd you hear about me? Bo: Oscar the Ogre. Said to look you up if I ever wanted a shot. Shame about him. How's he doing? Pissing into a bag. What happened there? One Fae to another? All I wanted to do was give Mikey there a decent fight. But the kid's so flippin' strong- I got a real beauty set up for him next fight. Obsidian Man. Fae. Totally indestructible. It's gonna be...epic. Go on, hit the bags, do some cardio. I'm putting you in against Thrasher tonight, see what you can do when it's for real. Thank you for the opportunity. Hey, membership's one-fifty a month. It comes off your first fight fee. Try not to die. There is just no way that Bo and this "Beth Dennis" are the same gals! Bo was born right here in the big city! She wouldn't know a hoe from a ho-down! Okay, of course that's what she told you. You could be in real danger. We need the police. No! No! I mean you can't just call any cops. Not when I am personal friends with one of the best homicide detectives in the city. (phone ringing) Hey- Bo: Well, I'm in. Got myself a fight and everything. Well let's hope it doesn't come to that. Bo: I've the unbeatable fighter in my sights. His name's Mike. Shouldn't take too much Succubus stylin' to get him to tell me what makes him so strong. If Ferraro is making this human into a killing machine let me know, ok? Roger dodger. Turn from the hip. Arms shoot straight out. That's it. Hey, Champ. Heard you got quite the record. Maybe I can get some pointers too? I'm Bo. Mike. How ya doin'? This is Tyler. Hi, Tyler. So, what's your secret? Training and diet. No, what's your "secret" secret? Heard you beat up one bad-ass mother last night. You get any "help"? Hey, come on- 30 seconds. Fast, fast. I fight clean. Gotta set a good example for my boy. Come on, Mike, help the new girl out. Mikey! What'd I tell you about the kid? You want him to train here get him a membership! I'm ain't runnin' a frickin' daycare. Yeah, sorry, Coach- Wasn't feeling so hot. Thought it'd be okay while I took a break- You thought? C'mon, Mikey- Who are you kidding? There ain't a single thought in there- It's empty, Mike! Don't hit me- Oh yeah, sorry- WHACK Hey, take it easy! That's what you do, Mikey! YOU GET HIT! WHACK! STOP! HITTING! ME! (chain snapping) Mike! Beth-- Bo, whatever she's calling herself now-- It's the same girl. She killed my brother. You've gotta do something about her. Absolutely. This matter will receive our full attention. Um, could you just give us a moment please? Hale: Thank you. I did not know. Yeah, neither did I-- Till the grieving sister showed up. We have got to keep her as far away from Bo as possible. Make this go away. Seriously? Yeah, that's what you Fae do. You hide each other's dirty laundry from humans. Ok well, thing is, Bo's still not Light Fae, is she? Bo is always helping everybody else! Don't you think it's time somebody helped her?? We're always helping Bo. But this is big. Okay...alright- Send Mel back in. Maybe a little ol' smooth-talking  will convince her that Bo's no monster. Okay and if that doesn't work, you'll, like, Siren her or something? No. Hey, Mike. Has this happened before? Yeah sure- Sometimes I push myself so hard in a workout, you know. And the rage? Was I pretty angry? You don't remember? It used to only happen to me in the ring. It's getting worse. What is? I was an OK fighter. But I got beat- up a lot. One time I got hurt pretty bad- After that, I started winning. Violent blackouts. That's great. Is Ferraro giving you a boost? In any way? No, like I said, I'm all natural. Well I think he's slipping you something. And it's making you sick. Um...doesn't matter- One more fight. The big one. Then I'm done. You be careful with him, ok? Why? I thought he was a stand-up guy. Yeah, sure, I mean, he helped me out when I first came to town. Gave me a free membership here so I could train- Paid for my wife's funeral. When I lost my job roofing, he gave me a loan. I had to work it off in these fights of his. I know about that kind of servitude. Anyway, this fight? Paying me enough I won't have to fight no more. Ever. Ferraro says to drink up. You need to regain your strength. Already got it back buddy. ♪ One smoking gun, as requested. More of a bottle than a gun. Test it. Should reveal what's giving a human fighter superhuman strength and rage blackouts. Yes, Ma'am. I will rush it to the lab. I think Ferraro's been slipping him something from the Fae pharmacy. If that is the case, then not even Ferraro's high and mighty friends will be able to protect him. Look at us, huh? Partnering up and stuff-- Yeah-- Look at us. Maybe we really can be friends. Beth? Mel? That's her! She killed my brother! You can't run away anymore! You're gonna pay for what you did to Kyle! You are going to face my parents and see the pain that you caused them! You knew she was here?? Bo! ♪ Kenzi, what the hell's going on? ♪ Bo, what are you doing? I have to run, Kenzi! Again! We can fix this! I KILLED her brother! That can never be fixed! And no matter how much distance I put between then and now, Kyle will always be dead, and it will always be my fault! You should have told me that Mel was here-- I was just trying to protect you. Everything bad that's ever happened to me in my life has been because someone has been trying to protect me WITH LIES! You have no idea what it was like for me! No, I don't, because you never told me anything! Because it was horrifying and awful! Okay, well I want to understand. So, tell me- How could you possibly understand? I grew up on a farm. I thought I was a regular girl-- I went to church with my parents! What happened? When I hit puberty-- I started to feel different. Your powers kicked in-- I didn't know how dangerous I was-- My parents taught me that s*x was evil. And I found out just how right they were. I found out how evil I was. I had the devil inside of me, Kenzi. You really thought that? I was so terrified-- So, I told my parents what happened. And they broke down, and told me that I was adopted. The only thing they had was this-- This baby picture with a name written across the back. "Bo". I hated them. I hated myself. So, I ran. And now, I have to keep running. (phone ringing) It's Dyson-- (phone ringing) Yeah? Fine. ♪ Oh-- ♪ 
 
 Dyson: Hey-- So, you were right. Mike is doping. You okay? Sure-- What am I looking at? It's a biological compound. Matches the secretions of an amphibious Fae called the "Gama." Alpha, beta, gama? Gama-Sennin-- Toads, frogs-- Masters of drugs. Lots of interesting stuff comes out of their pores. So, Mike's been drinking frog sweat? A lot of aboriginal cultures will lick a frog before they go on a hunt. So drinking Fae frog nectar-- Would give a human fighter a significant boost in the ring. Power shake indeed. Look, this stuff is gonna give Mike superhuman strength but Lauren says it's also going to kill him, and soon. There's a good chance that the next time Mike steps into the ring, a highlight of the fight is gonna be his internal organs exploding. So, shut down Ferraro's little fight club! I need proof that Ferraro is providing the frog sweat. His fists have spikey things coming out of them, like a horned toad or something. Get me into that fight tonight and I'll find out for sure. No, no, no-- I'm not fighting. I have to blow town now that Mel has found me. We pulled some strings in the human system-- Got Mel put away for the evening. On a psyche evaluation. For our own protection. Why would you do that? Just get me into that fight. So that I can take a sample from Ferraro. And then we'll know. I'm just really not in the mood to trade punches with anyone right now. Then keep your distance. Keep the fight going long enough so that I can get what you need. Bo-- Do not let this girl get under your skin. Sometime or another, we have all-- hurt those that we love. ♪ The fight's at 9. Meet me out back at a quarter to. You can be my cut man. ♪ Kyle: You can't run away anymore-- Mel: You're gonna pay for what you did to Kyle! Mel: You are gonna face my parents and see the pain you caused them! Kenzi: Bo, it's time. Kenzi, what are you doing here? Look, I know you're still pissed, but I can't have you fighting without me in your corner. When this is done-- I have to keep running. I guess that makes two of us. ♪ (crowd murmurs) Welcome to the Cage, Ladies and Gentlemen! On the under-card this evening with a record of eight and one-- Five knockouts! The Damsel of Distress, Thhhhrasher! (crowd cheering) And in the grey corner, I give you-- With a record as blank as the virgin snow, The Angel from the Alley, the Sizzle from the Streets, Boom Boom! (crowd murmurs) Grrr! Tonight's fight is scheduled for as long as it takes for a knock-out or a tap-out. And there's one rule: there are no rules! Fighters, come out swinging at the bell! (crowd cheering) ♪ Ugh! (crowd cheering) Bo! Keep your guard up! ♪ WHACK-WHACK WHACK! Come on, keep her on the outside with your jab! Uhhhhh! WHACK! That-a girl! Come on! (crowd cheering) WHACK-WHACK-WHACK! Ugh! Ugh! (crowd booing) Kenzi: Bo, come on, you got this! Come on, Bo, get up-- ♪ Kenzi: Come on, get up and smash her! (crowd cheering) ♪ What have you done? (crowd cheering) Kenzi: BO! What are you doing?!  whack-whack-whack! Bo... WHACK! Kenzi: Bo, come on!!! Hey, Detective-- Does The Ash know you're here? Played golf with him last week. I let him win. WHACK! WHACK! Bo! Kenzi: Bo! What are you doing?! Kind of a lousy fight, huh? WHACK!!! (crowd cheering) Yes! (crowd cheering) Come on-- Come on-- What the hell are you doing in there?? Did we get what we needed? His scent's not right. Ferraro's not the frog. Get her out of there, Kenz-- ♪ Just take some of my Chi!!! Dyson, leave me alone! I'm fine! Bo! Then let me find someone to help you heal. I just need to sit! Bo, why haven't you healed yet? 'Cause I'm not in the mood! Since when is mood a factor? Bo, you have a biological imperative-- Oh, screw my biology! I'm so tired of my life being dictated by something that I didn't choose! I am done being Fae! I got this-- One hour-- And then I have to get you back to the compound. Thank you. I'm sorry-- Come here-- How did you sneak away this time? Ow-- Sorry-- Dyson "borrowed" me. For an investigation. I don't think that's gonna need stitches-- Lucky me. I heard about your encounter with your past. Oh, great--- Does everyone know now? No. Just the people who care about you. It is not just my past. It's my present. For a long time I'd forgotten what I am to humans. A monster. Bo, you're not a monster. I know that. And whatever happened back then, it wasn't your fault! I  killed  a boy! And then what? Then I ran away-- I ran away! I didn't take responsibility for what I did.. And his poor family-- (crying) I never gave them closure-- You're a different person than you were then and the person that you are now, I absolutely love! I didn't mean that-- I don't know what I mean- Forget it. I know you're all mixed up over Nadia-- I dot t even know what I'm feeling these days-- How's that going? Hmm- Thank you for the nail. I'm looking into it. And the thought of waking Nadia up is-- But, Bo, the thought of losing you-- Hurts. No, I mean, the sp you're on, it hurts-- Really hurts. Tender-- ♪ Come here-- Ow-- Ash: Underground fights? Fae doping humans? That would be bad for business. And a political mess. I'll build a case around Ferraro-- No, you will most definitely not. With all due respect-- Under no circumstances are you to be nosing up the skirt of Salvatore Ferraro. The man's breaking a dozen of our own rules. And you will stand down! Or you'll find yourself on a new beat:  playing sheepdog on the rocky shores of the Outer Hebrides. ♪ Sir-- ♪ You lock me up! On a trumped-up psych form! Like I'm a crazy person! I am not insane! She killed my brother! And if you don't believe me, you are all in league with her! What am I going to tell my parents?? Look, I know this has been difficult for you-- I understand-- But I have something to tell you. Did you talk to her? Did she confess?? You're gonna want to sit down for this. ♪ Okay-- Here's what we do: We bring down Ferraro, and when we do, we topple The Ash, and then Lauren might have a real chance at freedom-- What?! Just sounds like the plan of someone who's gonna be sticking around for a while. No, I can't-- Dyson: Why? What are you running from, Bo? One accident in your past? Or yourself? I'm sorry, is Trick in there or something? Cause if we're doing this whole body-switching thing again, I really have a lot on my plate, okay? So, can we just stick to Ferraro? Please? Okay-- What do you wanna do? We have to shut the club down and get Mike out of there or he's a dead man. And that boy of his will be an orphan. Well if Ferraro's not the frog, he has to have one close by-- So, who has access to Mike's drinks? ♪ Dyson: Bo-- You were right. The kid might be Fae. Look at this-- He's ten, right? Well, eight years ago in Mike's hometown there was an accident. A Fae couple and their child. Car goes off the bridge, both parents drown, child was never found. Mike was a volunteer firefighter at the scene-- So Mike finds the boy in the water and brings him home to wifey? Who knows. Stranger things, right? Well, whatever the story is, we have to stop Mike from getting in the ring tonight. And keep the boy from killing his own father. ♪ Are you sure you should fight? You look sick. Hey-- No worries, bud-- As soon as I get out there, the adrenaline takes over, huh? Drink a lot of this then-- Yeah-- ♪ Grrrrr! Crowd chanting: Fight, fight, fight! ding-ding-ding! (crowd cheering) WHACK! (crowd murmurs) ♪ WHACK-WHACK! ♪ Mike! WHACK! Ugh! ♪ WHACK! -- Ugh! It's gonna be okay. Just let him get through this. He's going to get hurt, Tyler. No -- he's strong. Look, I know you're different-- I'm different too, Tyler-- I know you think you're helping your Dad but you're actually making him sick. His body can't handle what you're feeding it. And when he gets excited like this, it's going to hurt him a lot. WHACK-WHACK! I only gave him my sweat to make him strong-- So he'd stop getting hurt-- When I was young, I hurt someone really badly and I wish that I'd had someone there to help me understand-- So, I am helping you understand-- If your Dad gets angry again, he will die. WHACK-WHACK! WHACK! Dad! Don't fight! WHACK-WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Get up and fight!!! Ferraro: GET UP!!! Ferraro: Get him! Get him! NO! Get that kid outta here! Get him! Do something! Tyler, get out of here, let me do this-- Dad-- I poisoned you. If you keep fighting you'll die. What are you talking about you poisoned me? (crowd gasping) ♪ I'm sorry, dad-- It's okay-- It's okay-- Hey, fight's off! Fight's over-- When you go down! Ferraro: Get up! Get that kid out of here!!! Grrrr-- You wanna dance pal? Huh? Let's grind-- WHACK! WHACK! Hey, Ferraro! Now the fight's over! You're a dead woman! (Dyson snarling) ♪ Hey-- Don't worry, Tyler. Everything's gonna be just fine. Okay-- I'll explain everything. ♪ I'm sorry I was so mean to you-- You weren't-- That bad. No, I was. You were just looking out for me, Kenz. You always do. Yeah-- Yeah-- SO! Where are we going? Malibu? Hmmm? Soak up some Vitamin D with our pearly skin? We're not going anywhere, Kenz. I'm done running. Even better. I have to face who I am. No matter what the consequences. Bo! I'm telling Mel the truth. ♪ Dyson: I found a Fae boy raised by humans. It happens. Stick him in Child Services. The boy's already bonded with his humans father. So, now you're a social worker-- Bo has the child. And she won't give him to you unless you claim the father. Bring them both into the fold. And you're going to stay away from that underground fighting thing-- Absolutely. However, if you reconsider your position on Ferraro, you let me know. Oh, yes-- The big mad Ferraro. I'll think about it. And the boy and his father? Did I say no? ♪ You deserve the truth-- About everything. I already know the truth. You only think that you do. I loved Kyle. And I miss him so much. And I am so sorry for what I did-- It's okay. The police told me everything. What? What did they tell you? They think they know who killed Kyle. There was a serial killer, moving through all the towns around us. He's never been caught. He used some kind of exotic poison. Poison? That's, um... surprising. Detective Hale says they're going to re-test the tissue samples from Kyle. Detective Hale? I know he's your handler. He told me -- the killer saw you, and you ran. What an ordeal it must have been. Being in witness protection, having to look over your shoulder all these years-- I'm so, so sorry-- For everything. I'll keep your secret, Beth. ♪ I'll protect you. Hale! You lied for me. Without my permission. That is so not cool! That's why he refused to do it. I talked him into it. You? For an old-timer I still got pull around these parts. Uh...I'm gonna give you two some privacy-- That wasn't your call! Mel's family deserves the truth. And the Fae deserve to remain hidden. Who decides which is the greater good? You? I didn't choose to be Fae! But I can choose to do the right thing-- Telling that dead boy's family the truth? That is what's right! You still don't appreciate how cruel this world is, and how tenuous our place in it. You still don't think of yourself as one of us, do you? You have a place with us. And if you embrace it? Think of how much good you'll be able to do. I doubt that. The Nain Rouge appeared to you. She warned you about this approaching disaster. What if that's not it at all? What if this thing is coming for me to use me?? What if I'm the monster? Why on Earth would you think that? Because the Nain Rouge gave me a vision. I was standing over your body. And I was the one that killed you. Please-- You can't put any stock in visions. Whatever you think you saw, it means something different. Now, what can I get you? Beer? Scotch? A five-day bubble bath and a time machine. ♪ Thrasher? What the hell are you doing? Dear "Thrasher" has been keeping an eye on you for me. She's Fae. Subtle, isn't she? So, yes, I know all about the little brouhaha last night at the fight-- Fae fighting humans for the World Wide Web, frog boys revealing themselves-- What are we going to do with you? It's not my fault. Is it not? I haven't been feeling like myself lately. Oh-- Do tell. It's been dark, real dark. Like there's this storm inside me, feeding off the rage of the fighters-- I need help. Have you told anybody else about these dark appetites? Well, that's good. ♪ (screeching) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 