Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Selfie 2.0 - CSI: Cyber 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Selfie 2.0 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=224&t=17942 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/23/15 21:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Selfie 2.0 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Avery Ryan.  I was a victim of cyber crime.  Like you, I posted on social media, checked my bank account balance online, even kept the confidential files of my psychological practice on my computer. Then I was hacked, and as a result, one of my patients was murdered.  My investigation into her death  led me to the FBI, where I joined a team of cyber experts to wage a war against a new breed of criminal hiding on the Deep Web... infiltrating our daily lives in ways we never imagined... faceless... nameless... lurking inside our devices, just a keystroke away. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (indistinct radio transmission) 
 My wife and I found the body when we were hiking off trail. 
 Our dog, Stella, was actually the one who sniffed it out. 
 Based on the cold temperatures and the blowfly colonization, I'd say she's been out here a while. Maybe a month or so. 
 Highway's just up ahead. 
 Could be a body dump. 
 Sifter : According to dental records, her name is Elizabeth Marks from Syracuse, New York. 
 Age 20. 
 Went missing two years ago. 
 How did she end up in the Cyber Division? 
 Ever hear the saying “Dead men tell no tales”? 
 Well, dead women don't do updates. 
 Elizabeth Marks has been deceased for at least a month or two, but her FriendAgenda page is still being updated as we speak. 
 Her most recent post... uh, about an hour ago. 
 “We just bought a flat together outside of Paris. Can't wait to nest and maybe pump out some babies. Oui! Oui!” 
 Where's the missing person's report? 
 There isn't any. 
 Her parents never declared her missing. 
 I just got off the phone with them. 
 Now, to hear them tell it, they were convinced Elizabeth just... ran off. 
 Ryan : According to Elizabeth Marks' parents, they never had a close relationship. 
 Elizabeth stopped contacting them a little over two years ago. 
 Now, I want to read her FriendAgenda posts from before the abduction, so let's go back two and a half years. 
 Krumitz : Here you go. 
 Elizabeth Marks says, “I hate when men...” 
 Let me see another one from that same time-- two and a half years ago. 
 “Okay, I am convinced I am cursed.” 
 But now fast-forward to after the abduction. 
 More recent posts. 
 I want to see if the language changes. 
 “Hooray”" 
 Now let's see her latest post. 
 “Hip, hip, hooray!” 
 So whoever's updating her FriendAgenda account has definitely changed the language from negative to positive. 
 Positive language paints the picture of a brand-new life. 
 Why abduct a girl and keep her alive on her social network? 
 To throw the dogs off the scent. 
 Look, all the messaging post-abduction basically says, 
 “I am no longer available to you.” 
 The target knows that no law enforcement's going to track Elizabeth all the way to a foreign country, so... this tactic keeps everybody who cares about her away. 
 Well, it worked. 
 Elizabeth Marks' parents believed that she left for good. 
 Ryan : We don't believe it. 
 Now whoever's behind this is gonna have to deal with us. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Mundo. 
 Great. Be right there. 
 A, Dr. Ortega has Elizabeth Marks' body uploaded. 
 Thought you might want to see this. 
 Isolate chest of Elizabeth Marks. 
 Multiple stab wounds, seven in total. 
 Reload Marks again. 
 Isolate wrists and ankles. 
 Woven bone. 
 The bumpy texture in the soft tissue and muscle means that she was restrained for quite some time. 
 Saw this all the time with POWs. 
 Okay, based on the bone growth, how long do you think she was held against her will? 
 Mundo : Well, I mean, she was missing for 24 months... 
 Dead one, two months... 
 Mundo : I mean, I'd say 18 months? 
 That sounds about right. 
 That's just the beginning. 
 Reload Marks. 
 Isolate lower back. 
 I also thought you two should take a look at this. 
 What is that? 
 Ryan : Well, the tattoo's crude. 
 It's not the work of a professional. 
 Maybe the target assigned her a number. 
 Why are two of the three numbers crossed out? 
 Ryan : The seven and six are crossed out. 
 Could be a numerical progression of some sort. 
 Maybe a ranking system. 
 The nature of this type of marking is it's the target's way of branding her his own. 
 What are we looking at here, A? 
 Abduction is about possession. 
 An abductor's sole mission is to protect what he possesses. 
 The target didn't intend to kill her. 
 And because he dumped her body in the woods like a piece of trash, you can be certain he will replace her with another girl. 
 ♪ CSI Cyber 1x08 ♪ 
Selfie 2.0 
Original Air Date on April 22, 2015 
 ♪ I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have, 'cause there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles... ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ 
 Have Krumitz pull all the Intel for all the missing women in New York State in the past three months. 
 I want to see if anyone turns up matching the same physical description as Elizabeth Marks. 
 Behaviorally, abductors stick to the same type. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Hello. 
 Woman (on phone) : I-I can't take it anymore! 
 I-I'm telling you, I can't sleep at night when she's out there in the cold! 
 I'm gonna... I'm gonna do it if it takes all night. 
 Trish... 
 Trish, where are you? 
 You okay? 
 Uh, personal issues. 
 I'll-I'll catch up with you. 
 Take your time. 
 Trish, it's me. 
 Call me back on my cell phone. 
 We need to speak before you do anything you're going to regret. 
 You understand? 
 (sighs) 
 Bye. 
 Okay, guys, we have our work cut out for us on this one. 
 All right. 
 Search for all women reported missing in the state of New York in the last three months. 
 What we have we got? 
 In the state of New York, over the past three months, 
 187 women have gone missing. 
 Krumitz, pull up the high school picture of Elizabeth Marks, please. 
 Abductors tend to abduct close to type, so input the following prompts: Caucasian. 
 Krumitz : Uh, 187 goes down to 103 Caucasian women. 
 Isolate those under 21. 
 68 Caucasian women under the age of 21. 
 Isolate those with brown hair. 
 Nelson : 36 women left. 
 All Caucasian women, all with dark hair, under the age of 21. 
 How tall was Elizabeth Marks? 
 Um... five-foot-two. 
 Down to eight. 
 What color were her eyes? 
 Mundo : Five-foot-two, eyes of blue... 
 Just like the song. 
 (”Five Foot Two, Eyes of Blue” by Art Landry playing) 
 ♪ Five-foot-two, eyes of blue ♪ 
♪ But, oh, what those five foot could do ♪ 
♪ Has anybody seen my gal? ♪ 
♪ Turned up nose, turned down hose ♪ 
♪ Flapper, yes, sir, one of those ♪ 
♪ Has anybody seen my gal? ♪ 
 You know, I don't think Art Landry's 1925 hit song was ever meant to be the abductor's anthem, but 90 years later, “five-foot-two, eyes of blue” is still the physical preference for sexual predators. 
 That has been the lore of the Bureau for years. 
 Well, unfortunately, in our place the lyrics still apply. 
 Only this time, it's plural. 
 “Has anybody seen my gals?” 
 Well, according to their FriendAgenda pages, Missy Bowers is the only one that updated after disappearing. 
 Unlike Elizabeth Marks' parents, Missy Bowers' mother did file a missing person's report and she is not buying those bogus updates. 
 “I'm off to Switzerland to start a new life with my new man.” 
 This fits the M.O. 
 Where's Missy from? 
 Lake Placid. 
 Yeah, I knew in my gut that those updates were phony bologna. 
 I know Missy. 
 She didn't run off to Switzerland w-with some guy. 
 For all I know, she didn't even have a passport. 
 Well, that's why we're here. 
 Uh, we're gonna need to know a little bit more information about Missy. 
 Now, she's a freshman in college, correct? 
 She lives with me and she's a full-time student. 
 Did she leave her computer here? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh, a laptop. It's up in her bedroom. 
 Do you know her password? 
 No, no. 
 Missy was very protective about her computer. 
 She was always doing this... online dating stuff. 
 Like most 18-year-olds, she doesn't want me in her personal business. 
 Online dating? Do you know which site? 
 No, I... 
 Why? Is... 
 Does this have something to do with that? 
 We're still trying to find that out. 
 Ryan : Mrs. Bowers? 
 Based on evidence we found on another victim, we think Missy may be being held against her will. 
 “Against her will”? Wha...? 
 By who? 
 By some sicko? 
 I can't... 
 I can't talk about this anymore. I'm sorry! 
 I think I'm gonna be sick! 
 (knocking) 
 Ryan :  Mrs. Bowers? 
 Mrs. Bowers? 
 We're gonna do everything we can to bring Missy home. 
 Please, don't give me false hope, Mrs. Ryan. 
 It's not false hope. 
 I know the idea of a stranger holding your daughter against her will is grim. 
 But Missy is worth more to him alive than dead. 
 And as long as that's the case, we have a good chance of bringing her home... alive. 
 Why do you care so much? 
 You must see this stuff every day. 
 And then here you are on the floor of my bathroom. 
 I lost someone... very close to me. 
 She was murdered. 
 But you know what gets me up off the floor? 
 This. 
 The idea of bringing a daughter back home to her mother. 
 I play that over and over in my head till it comes true. 
 (short laugh) 
 That's why I do what I do every day. 
 By healing you... 
 I heal me. 
 Now, my job... is to stand up for Missy. 
 And so is yours. 
 Yeah. 
 Missy Bowers' hard drive? 
 Yup, clone and own. 
 Check her history. 
 (slurping) 
 Mmm. 
 Damn, slurpy! 
 Have you heard yourself? 
 Should've put you in that commercial. 
 You know, the one where they go “How many licks do it take till you get to the center”" 
 Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! 
 TrueLoveWaiting.com. It's a dating site. 
 Start off with lunch, and then you work your way up to marriage. 
 Yeah, you think she went on there enough? 
 Her whole history window's filled. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Move over. 
 Let me get in there. 
 Hmm. 
 GentleSurgeon1 is looking for friendship and ultimately a wife. 
 Yeah, and as long as we have a 2703 warrant, we have full access to the site. 
 Now, GentleSurgeon1 is his handle. 
 All we need now is his real name. 
 Mundo :  Dr. Palermo. 
 You were recently arrested for assaulting a woman in a restaurant. 
 You put your hands on a young girl and roughed her up in public. 
 You don't understand! 
 That girl took my money! 
 Don't get loud. 
 Explain. 
 You listen, I'll watch. 
 Yes, I'm a member of TrueLoveWaiting. 
 But... 
 I was looking for something more. 
 So I joined one of those sugar-daddy-type sites. 
 CasualSugar.com. 
 You pay a girl a lump sum every month for future dates. 
 Bad move. 
 I gave her money, and she blew our date off. 
 Changed her chat handle. I complained to the admin, but they didn't help. 
 So I scoured the site. 
 Found her new profile name and picture. 
 Kept up on her next date. 
 And confronted her in person. 
 He's telling the truth. 
 So, you're on a lot of these sites? 
 These dating sites, sugar sites? 
 All kinds. I play the field. 
 I'm a single man. 
 A neurosurgeon. 
 I work 18-hour days, six days a week. 
 When's the last time you heard from Missy Bowers? 
 A few days ago. 
 Was she on CasualSugar.com? 
 Missy? (laughs) 
 No, never. 
 She's looking for a serious commitment. 
 I'm not ready, so... we're pretty much on her timetable. 
 Did you know she was missing? 
 Missing? 
 How long? 
 Around 36 hours. 
 And because I put my hands on that other girl, you think I... yeah. 
 Well. 
 This is my I.D. to get in and out of the hospital. 
 I've been on the clock for three straight days. 
 Yeah. 
 Take it. 
 You can check me out as much as you want. 
 Sifter : Welcome back. 
 Avery, can I have a word with you in private? 
 From the look on your face, it looks like it's more than just a word. 
 I'll go back to their FriendAgenda pages. 
 Drill down from there. 
 Trish McCarthy. 
 What about her? 
 Well, she got arrested. 
 She's down at county jail, screaming your name out at the jailer. 
 Now, why does that name McCarthy sound familiar to me? 
 Trish McCarthy is the surviving sister of Danielle McCarthy. 
 Right. 
 Your client who was murdered when your files were stolen. 
 Look, in light of past events with your former client and her sister, I'm gonna be honest with you. 
 I think you need to get out of here. 
 Go calm her down. 
 Trish McCarthy has committed a crime. 
 In fact, make that several crimes at her sister's gravesite. 
 Crimes? 
 Uh, what did she do? 
 (buzzer blares) 
 Trish? It's me. 
 It's Avery. 
 Trish? 
 I heard about what happened. 
 Are you okay? 
 No. I-I'm not okay. 
 They stopped me before I could get her out. 
 Danielle doesn't like it down there. 
 It's cold and it's dark. 
 And-and she can't take it. 
 Sh-She-she needs to be with me so I can take care of her! 
 Trish? 
 You're suffering from a brief psychotic episode with an obvious stressor. 
 It's been known to happen years after a traumatic event like Danielle's death. 
 Look, I-I'm sorry that I wasn't there for you. 
 I was on a case. 
 But you're always on a case. 
 You're too busy for your own damn good. 
 We used to hang, we used to... have lunch. 
 And you never call me anymore. 
 I left you messages. 
 You never call back. 
 Oh, don't do that... reverse psychology bull with me! 
 You're-you're only here because, because I got arrested. 
 Yeah, Trish, they want to prosecute you for trespassing and for grave robbing. 
 I never robbed anything! 
 I'm the one that was robbed when-when that animal... murdered my sister! 
 (shushes) 
 Okay, look at you. Your hands! 
 You're bleeding, you got blisters. Oh, you don't care. 
 You're too busy chasing ghosts instead of regarding the one that haunts you. 
 It's your fault. 
 Oh, it's your fault... that she's dead. 
 She'd be here now if it wasn't for you, and you know it. 
 It's your fault and you know it. 
 No, it's not my fault. 
 My computer got broken into. 
 All my patients' electronic files got stolen. 
 This was early Internet-- before firewalls and encryption... 
 My sister is dead. 
 You should've just buried me with her and thrown me in that hole and buried me with her. 
 I'm gonna call the hospital... and we're gonna get you checked out. 
 I'm here now. 
 
 
 
 (knocking) 
 (buzzing) 
 (door closes) 
 Avery? 
 All right, let-let's talk this through again, guys, stay with me. 
 We have two women: Missy Bowers and Elizabeth Marks. Both have almost the same physical description, right? 
 Right-a-Mundo. 
 Now, Missy Bowers was on TrueLoveWaiting, Elizabeth was not. 
 Yup, yup. 
 So from a cyber perspective, the only thing these two women have in common is FriendAgenda. 
 But the whole world's on FriendAgenda. 
 Yeah, but our target-- whether it was a man or woman or a male-female team-- was able to track both Elizabeth and Missy, so what is it about their FriendAgenda accounts that's out of the ordinary? 
 Well, they take a lot of selfies. 
 I mean, look at the upper folds. 
 Both Missy and Elizabeth have folders with over a thousand pictures in 'em. 
 Baby Face, analyze a photo from each account and see what the metadata tells you. 
 Mundo : That's it. 
 Both Missy and Elizabeth never turned their location services function off. 
 Every time they took a selfie, they broadcast everything about themselves and they didn't even know it. 
 One selfie can produce the time and date of when a photo was taken, the make and model of the device used, and most importantly-- and most dangerously-- the latitude and longitude of where the photo was taken,  which would allow a target to track them right back to their home address. 
 All right, so we know how he tracked 'em, now we have to figure out how he grabbed 'em. 
 All right, let's profile him. 
 You're the target, you're looking at this metadata, what do you see? 
 Well, the more selfies these girls took, the more they gave our target a road map into their daily life. All the target would need to do is track their behavior and figure out when they were the most vulnerable to abduct. 
 I mean, look at Missy Bowers' cluster of selfies-- she took a ton at the karaoke bar near the university. 
 And mostly around 10:30 p.m., after her 7:00 to 10:00 night class. 
 Right, most campus crime against women happens at night. 
 So she very easily could have been abducted in the dark somewhere between leaving class and going to karaoke. 
 University cameras catch anything on film? 
 I read the campus police report-- nada. 
 All right, well, metadata from Missy's selfies tells us that the karaoke bar is directly across the street from student parking. 
 Street cams. 
 Pull them up, see if they caught anything the university cameras missed. 
 There. 
 Freeze. 
 Enhance the image. 
 Run that b*st*rd through facial recognition software. 
 Nelson : Wow, that was fast. 
 Barry Tipton. 
 Manhattan, New York. 
 FBI! 
 Nobody move! 
 Who's Barry Tipton? 
 Man : An average New Yorker gets caught on camera over a thousand times a day just walking the streets. 
 And don't think for one minute Big Brother isn't harvesting that information. 
 With the “No Persona” mask, Big Bro tracks my face, not our citizens. 
 It's pretty genius, right? 
 No. 
 How many of these masks have you sold to date? 
 30,000 this year. 
 20 bucks a pop. 
 We sold out at the Black Hat conference in Vegas. 
 Do you have credit card transactions for the people who purchased these masks? 
 Credit cards? Are you kidding? 
 Give away all that precious electronic information? 
 Never, no. 
 No Persona's a cash-only business. 
 My clients pride themselves on anonymity. 
 Catch you later. 
 Both : Five foot-two! 
 Oh, yeah! (grunts) Yeah! 
 That's what I'm talking about. 
 Baby Face and Big Boy heating up. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Abductor was a female. 
 Push in on the small on her back. 
 Nelson : Look at that. 
 “Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one”" 
 Boo-yah. 
 The seven, six, five, four, three and two are all crossed out. 
 But the one is not. 
 Well, if that's the case, we found the target's number one girl. 
 The queen bee. 
 Miss Seniority. Yeah. 
 Holla back, target. 
 That's what I'm talking about, baby. 
 Three times. (grunts) 
 (grunts) Yeah. 
 Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 
 (humming) 
 That's how you feel it? 
 You got to bring it back. 
 Throw in a robot. 
 Break it down. 
 No! (sighs) 
 Anti Big Brother mask. 
 It was a dead end. 
 You may have a dead end, but we just got a new beginning. 
 Yeah, Baby Face and I might have just found our target's right-hand woman. 
 All but the one's crossed out. 
 It's got to be a ranking system. 
 All right, which means that when Elizabeth Marks ended up dead, our target was down a woman. 
 Uh-huh. 
 So everybody in his perverted harem moved up. 
 And Missy Bowers became the new number seven. 
 (crying): I swear. I swear. 
 Please don't kill me. 
 I have a mom. 
 She must be worried sick where I am... 
 (screams) 
 Man : Brand her. 
 She's mine now. 
 (screams, cries) 
 (screams) 
 (tapping on glass) 
 Come in. 
 Is now a good time or...? 
 Yeah, come in. 
 Look, I don't know exactly what's going on, but just know that we're all thinking about you. 
 Oh. 
 Uh... 
 Um... 
 Maybe you should hug me after I give you the case-cracking news. 
 I'm not really good at this. 
 But, uh, I'm gonna step out of my comfort zone. 
 I don't think I've ever told you how I appreciate you. 
 Oh... 
 No, you work seven days a week, 
 18 hours a day. 
 And I know you do it because you love your job. 
 But you also do it because you love me. 
 And I think sometimes I just spend so much time chasing ghosts, I don't really regard the people that are right in front of me. 
 That... (chuckles) that, uh, might single-handedly be the most amazing thing any human being has ever said to me. 
 I'm, uh... 
 I'm gonna step back into my comfort zone now. 
 Okay. 
 So what do you got for me? 
 Yeah, uh, well... 
 Uh, we went back to the Stone Age on all the abducted women in New York with that same description-- five foot-two, eyes of blue, fake updates, yada yada yada. 
 Um, it turns out that we have the names of all seven girls. 
 Krumitz :  Okay, number one in our rankings-- 
 Vanessa Gillerman, missing since 2004. 
 Based on the tattoos, we believe it was Vanessa who kidnapped Missy Bowers at the university on behalf of the target. 
 Well, it's too risky for our target to surface to replace Elizabeth Marks with another woman. 
 So he sent his most senior girl. 
 That makes sense. Number two-- 
 Natalie Walker, missing since 2009. 
 Number three-- Barbara Smith, missing since 2010. 
 Number four-- Gina Zito. 
 Number five-- Elizabeth Marks, Recently deceased. 
 Number six-- Tiffany Best. 
 And number seven, our most recent-- Missy Bowers. 
 Get everything you can on Vanessa Gillerman. 
 She's been with our target the longest. 
 Maybe you could find someone in her life who can give me some insight into her. 
 (siren tooting) 
 (crying): I hated her for leaving me with that pedophile, but now I get it. 
 This diary is heartbreaking. 
 Your father started abusing you and Vanessa when you were four years old? 
 (sniffles) 
 Truth is, I've locked that part of my life away and thrown away the key. 
 I have a suspicion Vanessa has, too. 
 Look, Juliet, I know the last thing that you want to do is dig up the most painful part of your past, but if you want to see your sister again, I need you to remind her of what you two lived through. 
 Why? 
 I have a plan. 
 An amplified plan. 
 By sending Vanessa a direct message, posting on her FriendAgenda wall, and inviting her to a public chat room amplifies the horror she once lived. 
 My goal is to push her buttons so she surfaces. (beep) Juliet :  Dear Vanessa, it's Juliet. Long time. I'm not sure you heard. Dad died. He told me on his deathbed how sorry he was for physically and sexually abusing you (voice breaking): Those nights... in the basement... (cries) I can still hear your screams. The way you called out for our mother. You were just a child. (computer beeps) We were his victims, not his daughters. We need to go public with our pain so no other women suffer... (crickets chirping) (brakes squeak) FBI! Stop! Put your hands above your head-- both hands above your head right now. (groaning) You're wanted for questioning in the abduction of Missy Bowers. (grunting) (yelling) You were under the power of a madman, a sadistic psychopath. You have no right to talk about my master like that! Who the hell do you think you are to bestow judgment on me, you stupid pig cop?! You know nothing! Send that other bitch in here. I'm done with you. (shouting): I know you're right there! Oh, my God. It's like she's possessed. How can she defend the sicko who took her? Stockholm syndrome. The longer women are kept by their abductors, the more they're brainwashed to defend him... to the death. (door opens) (door squeaks shut) Do you know who this is? Your father. And this? That's the whore! Who's trying to ruin me online. I made her do it. (panting) And it worked; you're here. And who's this? Hmm? Hmm? Look at you. When you were a little girl. I know what your father did to you. I understand you think you love your master. That you think he keeps you safe. He doesn't keep me in chains. You don't have to be shackled in chains to be restrained. You have a sister who loves you very much. You are all she has left in the world. Do you want to take your power back? Do you want to be powerful? Because you have the power to break the chains and set these innocent women free. And let them go home. Rot in hell. (laughs) (laughing loudly) I'll tell you one thing, though. He will never be able to replace me. I was his everything. There will never be another number one. You just told me how to catch him. (door closes) (screaming) These are the top dating sites on the Web as we speak. Our target is a hypersexualized control freak who just lost his number one girl. His obsessive reaction will to be compulsively replenish the number seven. Seven is a “creation” number. Our target has a god complex. He will replace Vanessa with a mechanism that he is comfortable with. The dating site. The screen prompts are his signature. Ryan : The second our target inputs his type online, we got him. RuMYsoulmate just got a hit. Krumitz? Running the name past the I.S.P. now, give me one second. Jasper Cross. 333 Mulberry Place. Albany, New York. FBI! FBI! All right, we're clear. (gasps) FBI. Where's Jasper Cross? (whispers): Where is he? Cross : Drop your weapons or I'll kill 'em all. Mr. Cross, I'm afraid dropping our weapons is not an option. (women screaming) Toss me your weapons or I will murder every last one of 'em. Now! This is Agent Mundo. Pull back. Say again: pull back. Our suspect is armed. You're not gonna make it out of here alive. You know that, don't you? You take me out, they're coming along with. Ain't that right, girls? Avery, stand down. He's got an AK-47. That's 600 rounds a minute at close range. He is in control. Cross : You should listen to your friend. He's the only reason you and my girls are still alive. Ryan : Your girls? You know something? I know a lot more than you think. You know how? Vanessa. Vanessa told me about you and your girls. She told me that you're a coward. That you're a coward who made her do your dirty work. Do you know what kind of man that can only have relationships with women who are captives? The kind of man who can't get women on his own merits. The kind of man who's afraid of women. Are you afraid of me, Jasper? Are you? Because you should be. You should be very afraid of me. (gunshots) (women shriek) Agent : Seal the perimeter. Let's go. Missy? It's okay. I'm Special Agent Avery Ryan. It's okay, girls, we're gonna get you all home. Here you go. Are you okay? Yeah. Thank you. You're very brave, you know that? I prayed a lot. I asked for my mother's strength. Mm. What happened to Elizabeth? From what the other girls told me, Vanessa killed her. Elizabeth was number five. After about a year and a half, that Jasper guy gave her special privileges. She was able to not live in her shackles, go out into the real world. Jasper only eats gluten-free bread. It's in the organic aisle. Light blue label. Go get one loaf and meet me in produce. Yes, madam. Ma'am, my name is Elizabeth Marks. My son is having a seizure. Can I just use your phone, please? Please. So that's how she ended up in the woods. (phone beeps) Well, good news. Your mom's here. ♪ ♪ Thank you. You can leave the shovel. Thank you. Thanks for everything. People at the hospital were real nice-- leveled me out. Sometimes it's hard, you know? Living without her. Sometimes to move forward, we have to let go. That's why I asked you to meet me here. So that we could let go together. I bought this for the baby. A little silver cross. But I never had a chance to give it to her. Heart necklace. Our mother gave it to us when we were kids, and we buried her wearing the other half. Thank you for everything you've done. But most of all, thank you for loving her. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 