Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - CMND:\Crash - CSI: Cyber 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - CMND:\Crash https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=224&t=16943 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/12/15 00:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - CMND:\Crash 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Avery Ryan. I was a victim of cyber crime. 
 Like you, I posted on social media, checked my bank account balance online, even kept the confidential files of my psychological practice on my computer. Then I was hacked, and as a result, one of my patients was murdered. 
 My investigation into her death led me to the FBI, where I joined a team of cyber experts to wage a war against a new breed of criminal hiding on the Deep Web... infiltrating our daily lives in ways we never imagined... faceless... nameless... lurking inside our devices, just a keystroke away. ♪ ♪ (screaming) (clacking) (screaming) ♪ ♪ (whooping) (buzzes) It's not stopping. Clear the platform, everyone! (screaming) (crashes) (woman sobbing) (siren wailing) (indistinct radio transmission) (car alarm whooping) Oh, you gotta be kidding me. (grunts) Morning. This can't be good. Visit from the boss. (car alarm continues whooping) (alarm shuts off) You hacked my car alarm? You do understand that this is a very fine and sophisticated piece of machinery. It took all of five minutes to crack your vehicle pass code and load the app that allowed me to remotely take control of your car. Brody, associating with known felons violates the terms of our deal. Look, I already know. Page three, sub-point four on the long list of things that Brody Nelson can no longer do. I got it. That girl upstairs, the black hat? Yeah? She's under house arrest for computer intrusion. Oh, come on, Avery. Look, it's hard enough to pull on a white hat and forget everybody. You want me to ignore my friends and even my girl? Especially your girl. You can't straddle both worlds, Brody. It's binary. You have a choice to make. You're either working for me in the Cyber Division or you go to jail. So that's it? Just like that? Just like that. Oh, wow. Hey! How'd you even know I was here? You seem grouchy. No, I'm not grouchy. I'm just covetous. Spotted Director Henderson's new Tesla in the parking garage. That show-off. How did this morning's chat go with Brody Nelson? He's now clear on the rules. Be patient with this one, Simon. He's a brilliant kid. Maybe he can spare a bit of that brilliance on this. We got a new case. Virginia field office sent over some surveillance footage and computer diagnostics of an amusement park coaster crash. Got 20 people injured, four in ICU and one dead. They already ruled out mechanical failure? Richmond PD and the park engineer confirmed the brakes, the track, the coaster cars were all functioning perfectly. Do they have a suspect? Just one. The coaster's computer. Which is why Cyber was called in. Elijah. Downloading amusement park crash footage and diagnostics in CTOC right now. Can you ask Raven to bring that up? Ah. Pink. Nice. Thank you. Michelle made it for me. Made me promise to wear it when we're not together, and on weekends and when I fly and on her birthday and my birthday, and her best friend Lillian's birthday. (laughs) When do you get her back? Day after tomorrow. This whole week on, week off schedule is driving me crazy. Divorce isn't easy. Hang in there. Let's convene in five minutes. All right. Did you see it? They're adding a desk to the Tear Down Room. Okay. So it's official? New guy's sticking around? Who, Nelson? Looks that way. Is that a problem, Krumitz? Problem? With me? No, no, I love it. I'm thrilled and delighted. I'm tingly all over. What have we got? First responders collected video cameras, smart phones. Some of this footage we're seeing was shot by the victims at the time of the crash. Park Security reported no known threats to the park. There were no ransom demands. There was no public claim of responsibility. Which means whoever crashed this coaster wasn't motivated by the kind of notoriety that comes from causing a tragedy like this. Raven, pull up the ride's computer diagnostics. Mundo : This is a 3-D rendering Thrill Country sent over of the roller coaster. A sensor for every foot of track, over 100 fail-safes, all designed to stop the coaster at the first sign of an emergency. All installed for one ultimate purpose: prevent a crash. Which, in this case, didn't happen. So all the fail-safes failed? And all at the same time? Ryan : That's not possible. On this scale, there's no such thing as a coincidence. Somebody breached the roller coaster's computer and compromised the code. Making that computer an accomplice to murder. Raven, pull up screen four, rewind it. This was shot on the platform, right before the crash. The ride was great! You should have come with us. Man : Sarah Miller... will you marry me? Sarah : I knew you two were up to something. Friend : Don't look at me! It was all Alex. Yes. Young man : It's not stopping. Hurry, go! Move! Go! Yes, of course I'll... (screaming) Everyone go! (screaming) And that was the young woman who died. We leave for the airport in ten. Woman :  I can still hear the terrified screams, the sound of the impact. My sons were in the second car. Eric broke his wrist, Kyle cut his legs. We were lucky. Others weren't. We weren't even supposed to be out here today. We were just out for a drive and decided to stop. It was... it was all so random. I-- yeah, I was on the platform. I barely got out of the way. The two guys next to me, they didn't. (sobs) I don't know what happened to them. I don't even know what hospital they took my girlfriend to... I... I gotta... I gotta go find her. Young man :  We were celebrating Brian's 18th birthday. I could tell that the car wasn't gonna stop. Just ten more minutes and we were on our way out of the park. Then my son... begged for just one more ride. Just one more ride. (man sniffs) I should've said no. Why didn't I say no? Mundo : Keep this area secure; we want to check it again. Dozens of victims with no apparent connection to the park or each other. I spoke to the cops, the park administrators. Between the two of them, have exactly zero leads. (phone rings) Agent Mundo. (sighs) I understand. Thank you. Two of the four victims in critical condition just died. Crime Scene processed the scene. There's no physical evidence suggesting the ride was tampered with. Witnesses didn't notice anyone at or near the computer room. Doesn't mean it wasn't hacked. Officer : Sir, you can't be here. This is a crime scene. Come on. I'm-I'm just looking for something. Come on. No, it's gotta be here. I have to find it. No, let go of me, please! Come on. Let go of me! Whatever you're looking for, sir, is probably not here. Yeah, Crime Scene already collected all the evidence yesterday. It's not evidence. It's her ring. Sarah Miller, will you marry me? I want it back. I want her to have it. She should have it. What's your name? It's Alex. How could something like this happen? My girlfriend Sarah is dead. I'm sorry, Alex. My name's Avery Ryan. I'm an FBI investigator, and we're gonna find the person responsible for this crash and for Sarah's death. ♪ CSI Cyber 1x02 ♪ 
CMND:/Crash 
Original Air Date on March 11, 2015 ♪ I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have, 'cause there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles...♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ (people screaming) (screaming continues) All right, cable me. (clears throat) (whistles) You freaking out? Sorry, man, it's just, uh... Does this ever become... I mean, you know, normal? Job's not for everyone. There's no shame in admitting you're not man enough for it. You know, Krummy, it just became clear to me that one day, just one day, me and you are gonna be besties. (sighs heavily) Wow. I'm gonna have to get back to you on that. Right now, I'm gonna run the diagnostic on the coaster's computer and find out why it crashed, okay? Sound good? Ryan : What do we know? A few things. Number one, it's countdown to washout for the new guy. (chuckles) And two, the fail-safes on the ride never engaged because the coaster's computer never detected an emergency. You mean in time to stop the accident? I mean at all. According to this diagnostic, the coaster never crashed. What? There's no record of anything going wrong. Coaster ran every required pre-ride check. Proper functionality across the board. Yeah, it's like it never happened. But it did. According to this, it didn't even detect a system failure. What? Huh? Uh, nothing. Mundo : You ever see a pit bull with a chew toy? You're already in her jaws. No getting out now. Spill. (sighs) All right, look, as of right now, it's just a bunch of rumors and speculation, but there's been a lot of talk on the wire that it was only a matter of time before someone would create a source code allowing them to remotely hack the coaster, override the fail-safes and then crash it. When somebody puts it out there, hackers rush to be the first to do it. I hate to burst your hacker gossip bubble, Nelson, but this computer was not remotely hacked. You sound certain. 'Cause I am. It's physically impossible for this computer to connect to the Internet. It's been completely air-gapped. The park made sure it didn't have Bluetooth or Wi-Fi so no one could hack in. You're saying whoever did this did it from inside that room, plugged in. It was an up-close intrusion? Yep. Explains the direction of that security camera. My guess is, the target moved it before breaching the control room. But no signs of forced entry. Both the door locks and the keycard reader are intact. Target let himself in, inside job. Ramirez : Elijah, I'm setting up screen-sharing on your tablet so you can both see the park's security locks. Raven, let's go back two days. Pull up all the activity on the coaster control room keypad again. Let's look at 2:53 p.m. Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. 17 different employees tried to swipe into the control room in one minute? The security server's clean. The logs haven't been tampered with. That many employees decided to open the exact same door at the exact same time? No. One denied card's a mistake. 17 is a concerted effort to break in. This was our target. He was guessing. He didn't know which employee card would open the door,  so he kept trying till he hit pay dirt. Just one problem with that theory, guys. According to the park incidents reports, no employees have reported cards being lost or stolen. Well, he didn't have to steal the actual card. Just the information. This is old school card skimming. How many employee entrances to the park? Two, each with its own keycard reader. Our target doctored them to steal employee information. He captured the info on the dummy device. Then he made his own cards. Explains why nobody reported their cards stolen. The target hijacked their information to gain access to the control room. Guys, I've got something else here. A week ago, a card was swiped five consecutive times. Denied each time. All right, employees know what door their card is gonna open. Why would someone try to swipe it five times? He's a former employee. He was probably checking to see if it was still active. Well, according to his file, he was laid off two months ago. Nice way of saying “fired.” Get this. The job he was fired from, park engineer. We might be looking at a motive here. He's got the technical proficiency to pull this off. Let me see if I can get an employee photo. Yeah. Here it is. Alex Davis. That's the guy looking for the ring. Ryan :  Did you hack  the coaster's computer Alex? Davis :  Why would I do that, huh? Sarah died on that coaster. And we need to understand how that happened. Mundo : You were the park engineer at KLS Attractions. Why'd they fire you? I was always late, okay? My boss could only cut me so much slack. I imagine you felt upset. Yeah, I was mad. At myself. Not at him. Not at the park. Mundo : Then why'd you sneak in to the park after you'd been terminated and try to gain access to the coaster control room? I don't, I don't know what you're talking about. I-I never did that. Your card tried to swipe open the control room door a week before the crash. That wasn't me. Okay, the day... that Sarah died was... was the first time I'd been back to Thrill Country since I'd been fired. I want to talk about the ride for a minute. You weren't on it when it crashed. You were on the platform. I need you to explain why. Sarah and I first met on that platform. She was getting off a ride with a friend, and we bumped right into each other. I just wanted to recreate that moment when I proposed. Who helped you design your engagement ring? No one. It was my grandmother's. (sighs) Thank you, Alex. Pupillary constrictions indicate he's telling the truth. Micro-expressions signal he's not masking his feelings. Alex is innocent. Why'd you ask about the ring? I wanted to see his answer so I could establish a baseline, make sure that I was reading him correctly. I was. He never would've hurt her. (sighs) So using Alex's employee I.D. card was our target's first attempt to get into that control room. He knew that Alex had access, he didn't know he'd been fired. And when that card didn't work, our guy knew he needed to find any card to open that door. Takes a hell of a lot of planning to pull off a crash of this magnitude. Our target is smart, patient, determined. A bank robber, he cases a branch so he can get in, get the money and get out. He has a goal, a payday. Well, our target has a goal, too, and once we figure out what that is, we'll be one step closer to catching him. Krumitz : A Bluetooth radio? Where's Nelson? I thought he'd benefit from spending some time with Raven. Fight it all you want, Krumitz, Nelson's not going anywhere. This will become a bromance. You... I... O-Okay. Well, all right. I'd like to introduce you to our murder weapon. A single-board computer. Very primitive, but very powerful, and more importantly, not actually part of the coaster computer. Should I take a seat for this? No, I'll be brief and riveting. Can you take this to Nelson and Raven? Thank you. Okay. Our target slipped a fake panel into the programmable logic controller  and placed the panel beside the six that were supposed to be there. Ryan :  And no one noticed an extra panel? It's like this. 
 
 Wait, wait, wait, what about the no-food policy? (laughing): Oh, that's for everyone else. Okay, so I always order a Large and Tasty from the sub shop around the corner with bacon, but the Large and Tasty doesn't come with bacon. Something you'd only know if you're familiar with the menu. The bacon is disguised because it looks like part of the sandwich. That extra panel looks exactly like the other six. So our target was able to hide the seventh panel in plain sight because no one knew to look for it. That was the bacon. Exactly, sort of. How it works. I took the liberty of adding a bunch of single-board computers into the office. I'm using my cell phone to tell all the hidden boards to take control of the PLCs in the building, and the lighting system, CTOC network and even the elevators. (beeps) (elevator bell dings, Krumitz chuckles) So your cell phone controls the programmable logic controller. Yeah. “I can't get out.” (laughs) Okay, Krumitz, I get it. Let them out. Okay. You ready for the scariest part? A single-board computer like this can be found anywhere online for about 50 bucks with instructions on how to do everything you just saw. But it's got to be a lot more difficult to crash a roller coaster than it is to prank an elevator. Actually, it's not. The coding is very similar, and it's so easy a nine-year-old could use it. PLCs control almost everything you can think of. So with one of these single-board computers, anyone can hack in and take control of the PLC. If anyone could be the target, how do we find him? I'm keeping my fingers crossed that when Nelson and Raven process that board, they'll find trace that'll give us a match within CODIS or AFIS. You do realize that keeping your fingers crossed is rarely, if ever, effective in fighting crime? Aware of it. So, as much as it pains me, I'm prepared to admit that my initial theory was wrong. Our hacker was not in the control room plugged in when the crash occurred. He only accessed the room once to place the board. After that, he did everything that I did in CTOC. He used a Bluetooth radio  that he attached to the board to communicate with the computer to cause the crash. The board is our murder weapon, and now it's our smoking gun. You said the parks computer was air-gapped. Yeah, but the board that the target plugged into the computer wasn't. The Bluetooth radio on the board pairs with any device that knows its unique address within 60 feet. (softly): 60 feet. That's it. Krumitz, you just uncovered the target's motive. Wait, wha-what's the motive? Okay, you're saying the target was there among the crowd when it happened? Within 60 feet, which tells me our target likes to get up close and personal-- a voyeur with a deviant interest in staging accidents for his own personal gratification. A paraphilia. Turned on by gore. Or as we like to say, “gore-porn”" So the objective is to witness it, document it and share it with a group of others who get off on it. And this accident was caused for the sole purpose of carnage? Before computers, pedophiles used to keep a box of photos under their bed. Being geographically isolated from other pedophiles forced them to suppress their socially unacceptable desires. But today the Internet connects people with the same deviant tendencies. And once they come together, they normalize the behavior and encourage each other. Crashing a roller coaster, that is big. Suggesting the target was trying to impress somebody. I mean, in this case, three people died. Could've been dozens more. That's what the target hoped! As much gore as possible. I believe that our target is part of a deviant peer group, a forum that encourages violent urges. And that's the motive? Harm innocent people going about their everyday lives just to... just to arouse some sick exclusive group? You know, I spent the bulk of my career fighting street gangs. Cleaning up after their drive-bys, drug deals, and their bloody little wars. But today we are facing anonymous targets obsessed with impressing people they don't even know! With encouragement and recognition comes escalation. Simon, I believe our target is going to strike again. Glove up! Looks like we've got blood. You another one of Avery's hackers in captivity? Haven't touched a computer unsupervised for two years. Can't even have a smart phone. But honestly it's the best thing that's ever happened to me. Yeah, well, she didn't try to track you down, huh? Tell you who you could date? You think that stuff just happened to you? Please, you're not that special. Avery was all up in my business. Mundo : What do you got, guys? Looks like our target made an old-school mistake. He left blood on the board. We ran the DNA through CODIS and we got a match. But there's a problem? The identity of whoever deposited the blood on the board... is sealed. By whom? That's where it gets interesting. Us. The FBI. (line ringing) Man : Yeah. Hey, I need you to throw some weight around. If I'm going to blow a two-year op by giving you the sealed name of a confidential informant, I'm gonna need more than a passionate plea, Simon. Colin, come on, nobody appreciates FBI confidentiality protocol more than I do. We're both FBI. Criminal and Cyber have to work together. Listen, the target we are after could be behind this roller coaster crash. I got three dead, countless injuries. We believe he will strike again. Sorry, Simon, I can't help you this time. Now, I have a lot of work on my desk. Hey, I heard your daughter got married. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, I'm still getting the bills. Yeah, I'll bet. Yeah, I'm guessing the best part was walking her down the aisle and telling her how much you love her? Well, imagine your daughter dying just weeks before you got a chance to do any of that. You were always so sentimental, Simon. I don't have to be. I can go right over your head. Ronnie Sloane! (music playing over headphones) Ronnie Sloane! Ronnie Sloane! FBI. Hands on your head! Step away from the desk! Hey! I didn't do anything! Found your device, Ronnie. The one you put in that coaster in Richmond. The one that made it crash... and kill three people! What? I didn't have anything to do with that. Then why was your blood found on this component? Hey, man, before this goes any further, you should know I have connections at the FBI. I... Ronnie! Look around. Your connections... are they here? No. But I sure as hell am. The next words out of your mouth better explain why your blood was on the board that caused that crash. I-I guess because I must've made it? Uh, the tools are sharp, the components are small. I prick my fat fingers, like, all the time, man! And I make a lot of boards for people. Who'd you make this one for? I have no idea. I swear. It's an all cash business. No names... no addresses, no phone numbers. Unlike you, I don't ask questions. The blood trace was a dead end. I need you to get me into a black hat forum on the Deep Web. Whoa. Look, not so easy. The wire is like a bad neighborhood-- you got to know where you're going and you got to get there fast. We need a gore-porn forum. One that caters to those who are sexually aroused by extreme carnage. That's where our target's lurking. You got to be invited. Anyone who doesn't belong gets the boot. The forum administrators who create and run the sites? They take their exclusivity very seriously. They will lock you out, crash your computer if they do not want you on their forums. Just create an identity, earn their trust. Yeah, but it was my understanding that according to the deal keeping me out of jail, you did tell me that I couldn't go on the Deep Web or even associate myself... Oh, forget that. We're working on a case. Just do it. Okay. I like the way you roll. (laughs) ♪ ♪ Naughty99 is the handle that I've been using for this gore-porn forum. Now, the administrator denied me access. But I made him think that I'd been vouched for by a member, so they let me in. Wait, wait, wait. You're telling me you gained access to a Deep Web forum in just a couple of hours? Yeah. So I ran an image search on all the videos ever uploaded to the public level and... bingo. All right, so someone named Otto posted horrific video of the coaster crash yesterday. Hey, this is shot from the ride's platform. Get this-- Otto's been active now on the public forum for a few months, but he's been trying to get invited to the private forum. No dice. See? The administrator told him that the roller coaster crash didn't kill enough people. Guess there wasn't enough carnage. Wait a second here. Our target was not already in that forum. He was generating original content to try and join it. Which means he's gonna do something bigger to try to prove that he's worthy of admission. Something that's gonna put a lot of innocent lives at risk. Hold on, look. Someone just posted to this thread. It's Otto. Dude's not playing around. He's gonna crash a subway train. All right, I reviewed all the footage from the roller coaster crash, checked every area within 60 feet of the computer. I found nothing odd or distinctive that could give us a clue to identify our target. Anyone holding a control or a remote? No. I think the computer was controlled by a cell phone. It doesn't draw attention or stand out. Allows our target to keep a low profile. Mm-hmm, so I figure we're gonna have to play this chess match two moves ahead. Even if we lure him out, we can't identify him, except  the Bluetooth radio that Krumitz pulled from that board  had to have paired with something for our target to initiate the crash. Our target's cell phone. Exactly! Every Bluetooth device has its own 12-character alphanumeric address. Because the radio Krumitz found paired with our target's cell phone, we now have our target's unique Bluetooth address. So I assigned that address As soon as we're close to him, it'll find his signal. And we nail him. (knocking) Nelson's chatting with Otto on the forum right now. Otto thinks Nelson is the forum administrator. We don't have much time. Any second, the real administrator could look in his forum, spot our fake profile and boot us. Tell Otto I'm incredibly aroused by his promise of a spectacle. Ask Otto when it will happen. Mundo :  Three hours? That's the middle of the commuter rush on the East Coast. That's when he can create the most carnage. Ask him where... N-No, wait, wait! Let's not be so direct. Tell him I'm a commuter. I want to see it, not be in it. He's not responding. Be patient. Look, I'm guessing he is gonna crash those trains into the barriers at the end of the line. It's the only place that he can guarantee a collision. So he can capture the footage of the victims. The city's Boston. Simon, the city's Boston; have them shut it down. If they ask, tell them the target told us. Now we've just got to get him to meet us. Tell us which train. Ask him if we can watch the carnage together. He could be on to us. Remember, he thinks we're the forum administrator. You tell him-- if he wants access to the private forum, he has to agree to a face-to-face meeting. We must have been detected by the real forum administrator, and he booted us. Do you think Otto will actually show up? Well, he did seem pretty suspicious before the administrator kicked us off the forum. As far as Otto knows, he said no, we kicked him off the forum. He's a voyeur with a pathological need to be near the accident. He gets off on watching random innocents tragically die. He will be at that subway in Boston. The only question is, which line? Woman : Stephanie, we have to make this train. We can't miss it. Wait! Wait! Thank you. Ryan : The governor has shut down the subway system. Boston PD, FBI, and Transportation Authority are all boarding the trains, looking for the target's device. Hey, we just landed. I just got a call from Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority. There's a subway train still moving, yellow line, loaded with passengers, blowing through stops. Call you when I've got more. Nelson, you're with Elijah. Krumitz, you're with me. Our target accelerated his plan. He's hacked into the subway. He's taking control. Let's move! (tires screeching) (car horns honking, siren wailing) (tires screeching) (phone rings) Nelson, it's kind of hard to talk and type-- hold on. Go ahead. Krumitz, how we looking, bro? I've linked up to the city's main control, and I'm writing code to convince the board that the subway train's already reached the end of the line. Once I finish, I'll upload the code to the Mass Transit server. Right, which'll automatically push the code to all the trains and stop the subways. E, where are we? Approaching Stoneworth Station. Krumitz, are you close yet? No. No, I need another minute. Yo, E, just keep going, man, he's not gonna make it to Stoneworth. How far to the next subway station? Two miles, straight ahead. (screaming) (tires screeching) (horn honking) Okay, I got it, I got it. I stopped the train. Nelson, get to Hillridge Station ASAP. Ryan : You and Elijah need to get those people off the train. - Hold on. (grunts) Hey! Come on, come on, get off quickly, everybody, come on! Come on! (overlapping chatter) Everybody, come on! I got you, come on, follow me. Wait, wait, my daughter's on the train. Stephanie, oh, my God, Stephanie! Stay calm! Everybody just stay calm! Stephanie! Wait, wait! (overlapping shouting) My baby, Stephanie! Wait, w-w-wait, look, it's gonna be okay. Avery, Otto just regained control. Meet us at the end of the line. Stephanie, I'm gonna get you back to your mom. See these nice people? They're gonna take good care of you. Everything's gonna be okay, I promise. Man : I tried that, man, it doesn't work. Elijah, what's happening? Nelson, the brakes aren't slowing the train down. Okay, look inside the panel in the forward car for the PLC. You're gonna have to yank the board out of there. Where's the train now? Southvale. He's only got two stops left. (tires screeching) PLC's not in the control panel. Okay, it must be an older car. Uh, there's another place it might be, but you're not gonna like it. You need to look outside underneath the last train car. You're right, I don't like it. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ I removed the target's board, but the train's not stopping. Damn it. It must still be paired to the train's computer over Bluetooth. First, carefully... remove the Bluetooth radio from the motherboard. You'll find it in the USB port. No time to be delicate. Did you find him? Not yet. W-Whoa, wait. It should be here. Aah, he ditched the phone. Krumitz, you secure that exit. Nice to meet you, Otto. Get him out of here. Stephanie! Stephanie! Mom! Nelson : Man, I never thought I'd see the day I'd be working for five-O. (chuckles) You know, taking down hats, traveling in style. Better get used to it. Krummy, wait up. Look, y-you busy right now? Look, I was thinking maybe, you know, me and you go check out a movie or something. How about one of those romantic comedies, huh? Krumitz : No, we're not gonna hang out. And we're definitely not gonna watch a romantic comedy together. I'm not your boyfriend. Besides, we have paperwork to do. (knocking on window) Daddy! Michelle! (sighs) It's so good to see you. So, how are you? How was school? You don't have my bracelet. You know what, I had to use it. It helped me save a lot of people today. Really? Mm-hmm. Don't worry. I'll make you another one. You will?! Is this always a part of our job-- filling out paperwork? Yes, it's called an after-action report. Now, nobody said you had to stay-- I got it. I know what you're trying to do. You're trying to get me to leave so you can cut me out your version of the takedown. You think you're slick. What version? You were in a different subway station entirely. “On the phone with Agent Daniel Krumitz, Brody Nelson said...” No, no, uh-uh. I never said that. Black people do not use the word “pal.” You ever heard the word “pal” in a rap song? I did not ask for your (phone buzzing) input on my report, pal. (groans) How much time you think Otto's gonna get? Well, he committed murder, attempted murder, then there's the computer fraud and the abuse, and according to U.S. Statute 2703, I'd say he's looking at a bunch of time. Yo. Hey. Anyone in the mood for some pizza? (phone buzzing) Can you please put your phone on silent? I've been listening to that thing buzz for the past hour. Who's blowing up Nelson? Nelson : No one. Certainly not no one. It's that black hat, isn't it? I thought Avery told you to ditch her. She did; I'm just not sure what to say. You unsure what to say? Look, Krummy, this is tough, it's not like I can tell her I'm working for the Feds now. Well, you can tell her that you're moving out of state. And what if I run into her? Tell her you met someone else. Uh-uh. Baby girl will hack my computer, steal my identity, and spend half the money in my bank account before I can finish a sentence. Well, look on the bright side-- if she hacks your computer, we can just arrest her. There you go, problem solved. Krumitz. What? I'm just saying. (phone buzzes, Nelson groans) Well, I am starving. You hungry? Yes, let's go get some food. (phone buzzing) Hello. Uh, no, he-he's unavailable right now. A colleague. Well, you have a sexy voice, too. I'm Daniel. Well, it's nice to meet you, Monique. (laughs) Can you pick me up? I don't have a car. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 