Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - Shades of Grey - CSI: Cyber 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - Shades of Grey https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=224&t=24348 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/21/15 21:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - Shades of Grey 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Hey, hey, oh ♪ 
♪ hey, swizz ♪ 
♪ I guess I just woke up on the right side of the bed, man ♪ 
♪ You know what? You know what? ♪ 
♪ This is how I feel ♪ 
♪ I think I might give away a million bucks ♪ 
♪ I think I might give away a brand-new truck ♪ 
 (Laughing) 
 ♪ 'Cause I feel good, yeah, I feel good ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I feel good ♪ 
♪ I think I might take you on a shopping spree ♪ 
♪ You in the club, man, all drinks on me ♪ 
 (On headphones): ♪ 'cause I feel good ♪ 
♪ Yeah, I feel good, 'cause I feel good ♪ 
♪ Good lord, look, what a beautiful day ♪ 
♪ My enemies ain't here, they gone away ♪ 
♪ I feel good, everything is okay ♪ 
♪ Feel like givin' all my money away ♪ 
 (Laughter) 
 ♪ 'Cause ... broke, ain't no bread in the hood ♪ 
♪ Look what they did, they sellin' feds in the hood ♪ 
♪ I ain't gonna change... ♪ 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Panting) 
 Agent Davison! I need your help. 
 Come on! 
 Come on, come on. 
 Come on, come on, come on. 
 Whoa. 
 I ordered a coffee. 
 Thank you. Stay warm. 
 Hey, stranger. 
 Jackson? 
 Like the blonde. 
 Looks good on you. 
 What are you doing here? 
 They subpoenaed me for your 5K1 hearing tomorrow. 
 I'm one of your character witnesses. 
 Can you believe that? 
 Prosecutor must know we dated. 
 He's probably hoping that you have info on me that'll break the terms of my deal with the FBI. 
 Well, joke's on him, then. 
 FBI made you end our relationship. 
 I had no choice. 
 You always have a choice. 
 The FBI... those aren't your people. 
 You can wear the white hat and pretend all you want, but they will never really trust you. 
 Jackson, I have to go to work. 
 I shouldn't even be talking to you. 
 Don't mention that you saw me, okay? 
 Raven. I know this 5K1 is a big deal for you. 
 A judge decides your fate tomorrow-- 
 FBI, jail or freedom. 
 I got your back. 
 Always did. 
 And when this is all over, we can pick up where we left off. 
 I have to go. 
 Well, you know how to find me. 
 It was good seeing you, Eclipse. 
 It's been a long time since someone's called me that. 
 Well, I always loved that girl. 
 Still do. 
 Nelson : I saw two women grabbing money that was flying through the air. 
 It was coming from Barnaby Bank. 
 The ATM was... was spewing out cash. 
 Then I saw the gunman approach. 
 He fired his weapon. (gunshot) The two women were scared off. I ran out of CTOC. When Agent Davison and I got down there... ...there was so much blood. Woman (sobbing) : Help me! Davison : Which way did the shooter go? Around the corner that way. Operator : 911. What is your emergency? Yes, I'm on the corner of 50th and Pennsylvania Street. A man's been shot. Man (weakly) : Mia, help me. W... we were holiday shopping. Andy stopped at the ATM to check his balance. He was always worried about overdrawing his account. Whoa. Hey, this-this can't be mine. I didn't even press anything. I don't have this much money in my account. I saw Mia grabbing cash. What was Andy doing? He said... we shouldn't take the money. It wasn't ours. He wanted to leave. Now, I know this is really difficult, but can you give us a description of this man? I couldn't see the shooter's face from up here. All I saw was the gun. I remember his voice. Man : Hey. Looks like it's your lucky night. Now it's mine. Give me the cash. Give it to me! (gunshot) Andy! No! Help! My brother is dead because I was greedy. You can't blame yourself for this. It's nobody's fault except the man who fired the gun. Come on, Andy. Andy... (sirens wailing) Help's on the way, Andy. Nelson : Guys, hurry up! Okay. Paramedic : He's gone. The guy who shot Andy Wilcox is still out there. We'll find him, Nelson. Elijah and Krumitz are already on it. Any luck with that ATM surveillance footage? Homicide needs everything you found, Krummy. I tapped into the ATM's video file. Scrolled through everything the camera captured. About an hour before the shooting, this happened. The video feed went dead. Mechanical malfunction? Malfunction created by malicious code. Code that forced the ATM camera to shut off at 9:00 p.m. last night. This ATM was hacked. Any chance this is Python? We're awfully close to the FBI building. We know that even though he got into CTOC, he couldn't breach our system. Could this be attempt number two? Some kind of long-distance surveillance? No, this definitely isn't Python. I mean, the coding's sophisticated, but not at his level. Okay. So this is strictly a cyber bank heist. Definitely. All right. I'll call ViCAP. Tell 'em this case now belongs to Cyber. Yeah. I combed through Barnaby Bank's internal network. The target took control of the ATM using a whaling attack on Barnaby Bank CEO Ashton Wagner. I'm assuming that has nothing to do with marine biology. Krumitz : Correct. The attack zeros in on corporate upper management. The malicious code I found showed that the target had a three-step plan. Step one: the whaling attack on Barnaby Bank's CEO. Step two: use the CEO's credentials to own the bank's network. And step three: take control of the ATM through the network. That's how he shut off the cameras. All the target had to do was send him an e-mail pretending to be someone he trusted When Wagner clicked the link,  the target got his login credentials, and just like that, he was inside the bank's network. Guys. Look at the transaction report from the ATM Andy used last night. At the exact same time the camera cut out, the ATM stopped recording customer transactions. Instead, it logged the message, “payback time,” over and over. Every ten minutes. Ryan : Payback time. Our hacker was out for revenge. But revenge for what? Mundo : Yeah, why bother to hack an ATM if you're not gonna show up and collect the money? Krumitz : Not sure. But I can tell you exactly what happened when Andy put his debit card in the ATM last night. Russell : His card automatically triggered the ATM to spit out $10,000. Guys, look what I found. This ATM wasn't the only one that was hacked. Okay, in the last hour, social media activity in the District has exploded. #ATMJackpot is trending like crazy. People are posting photos and videos about the Barnaby Bank's ATMs flooding the streets with cash. Ryan : This isn't an organized attack. This is a free-for-all. Mundo : Can we remotely tell the bank's networks to shut down the ATMs? Nelson : Mmm... (typing) No. Every time I send code to shut them down, someone overwrites my script. That must be the target. You did say he was still in the system? So he can stop us from remotely sending a command, but he can't stop us from unplugging the machines, right? No, he can't. I'll call the Barnaby Bank CEO. It's time to go old-school. Do we think any Barnaby Bank debit card can make the ATM just spit out cash? No. No, no. It's not any debit card. Look at this function that just launched in the target's code when I swiped Andy's card. Yeah. This is a list of 22,678 Barnaby Bank customers. If any one of their debit cards was used in an ATM... jackpot. All right, so why these people? Why not all the customers? They-they have to have something in common, right? Okay, let me check something. These ten people posted on social media that their debit cards triggered their ATM jackpots, and their names are all on the list of the 22,678. Krumitz : Look at this. There's less than $200 in each one of their bank accounts. Russell : Our hacker is stealing from the rich and giving to the poor. This isn't a bank heist. We're hunting a Cyber Robin Hood. ♪ CSI Cyber 2x10 ♪ 
Shades of Grey 
Original Air Date on December 20, 2015 ♪ I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have, 'cause there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles... ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ 
♪ ♪ A little light reading? Yeah. You know, most people are familiar with the contemporary version of Robin Hood. But in the original version-- Piers Plowman  by William Langland-- the hero is actually trying to incite a revolt over hunting privileges. Hunting privileges? Right. And this guy Wat Tyler-- “Robin Hood”-- gave the commoners a voice. And the, uh, the unrest erupted in the Peasants' Revolt of 1381, but the important thing is, the revolt began over a refusal to pay taxes, to send the king a very clear message. And in our story, the message being sent over and over again to the bank is “payback time.” You're right. Our Cyber Robin Hood might be trying to start an economic revolution. Right. But here's the deal: Now, we just unplugged all of Barnaby Bank's ATMs in the District. So our guy's probably going to be looking for another way to start his revolution. And, unfortunately, the CEO of the bank refused to shut down the network. Well, that was a mistake, 'cause our target is still in the bank's system. There are dozens of ways to steal money. Right, right, so... Krumitz : Guys! Check this out. Fascinating. Oh, yeah, that's an envelope. Uh, we used to send mail back in the day. (laughs) Oh, generational humor. I get it. Okay, look. A bike messenger just dropped off this photo in the lobby. Left it with a security guard. It was addressed to me, so I scanned it and had the original dusted for prints. There were none. Wait, I thought that you said that the ATM's camera wasn't recording. It wasn't, but our target was clearly watching when Andy got shot. This is a screen grab from the ATM surveillance camera's feed. Why would our target be watching? He wanted to see the joy on people's face when that ATM started spitting out cash. Andy Wilcox's murder was an unintended consequence of his hack. He wants to help us find the killer. Krumitz, take that to Major Crime, see if they can get a hit on the shooter's face. Okay, great. I've never chased a gray hat hacker before. Well, Cyber Robin Hood might have been driven by good intentions, but his hack had deadly consequences. That makes him just as dangerous as any black hat. Oh, it's true. I like that one. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Get us up to speed, Raven. Okay, ToggleFly is going nuts again. All over D.C., people are posting about  getting random amounts of cash deposited in their accounts. Nelson :  I've been going through all the names on the list of 22,678. Weird thing is some people are getting deposits, some aren't. The people who are receiving money got this alert: “Congrats. As a valued member of Barnaby Bank, you've been selected to receive a cash refund.” You see how he used the word “refund”? A refund for what? I don't know. I mean, the deposited amounts are different. Yeah, but it looks like every single one of these refunds either ends in a zero or a five. Mundo : Hey, guys? Check this out. Wagner : Until we have caught the responsible party, Barnaby Bank has shut down every ATM and suspended all accounts. Uh, for the safety of our customers, no deposits, withdraws or transfers will be allowed until this issue is resolved. We're working with the FBI to get our system up and running as soon as possible. Thank you. Krumitz : Freezing everyone's accounts won't do anything, dude. Robin Hood owns your network. He can just unfreeze the accounts any time he wants. Hey, Elijah, you seeing this? Your name's on the list. Mundo : It's not me. Did you get a Barnaby Bank refund from Robin Hood? No. No, I got way more than $200 in that account. (electronic whooshing) That's awkward. Ah, four grand in the last two weeks on flowers, hotels, jewelry-- I mean, I didn't buy any of that stuff. Well, I didn't, either. Well, if neither of us made those purchases, who did? I don't know yet. Do you think this has something to do with the Barnaby Bank stuff that's been on the news? I... Maybe. I... We're investigating that case right now. Was our account hacked? No. I checked. I called the bank, alerted them to the issue. They're conducting an internal investigation. But if I didn't find anything, they're not going to. I can't even remember the last time I used this debit card. When's the last time you used it? Uh, not recently. Months ago, maybe? Thank you for coming all the way down here. I really appreciate it. Yeah, no, I figured you'd need your debit card and driver's license. Thank you for returning these. Your receipt is your bar tab, and I closed it out for you. Well, I hope you gave yourself a good tip. Um, hey, uh... you think maybe I could get you a cup of coffee sometime? Uh, listen, Nina, uh... I'm married. I just don't... Yeah, no, of course. Thank you. I got it. Somebody had possession of my card. Wait, you lost it? No, I left it at a... Don't worry about it. I got it. I'll figure this out. Nelson :  Good news. Hmm? Major Crime used screen grabs from the ATM's camera to I.D. the shooter. They made an arrest. You track down our Cyber Robin Hood in the bank's network yet? No, I've been through the entire network twice. Mmm... Nelson, do you ever think about what you're gonna do when you finish your sentence here? Think I want to stay at the FBI. Two of us taking down bad guys together? Sexy. I'm kind of looking forward to having my real life back. You know? Yeah. It's like a parole island here. Yeah, I feel you. But I'd miss you if you... Krumitz : Refund! Refund. Cyber Robin Hood used the word “refund.” Not “reward,” not “cash back.” “Refund. He's refunding overdraft fees. The deposits were all in multiples of $35. That's why the amounts were different and all ended in a zero or a five. Robin Hood paid back each customer for every $35 overdraft fee the bank took out. But those people were paid thousands of dollars. They had that many overdraft charges? It's frighteningly easy to have that many overdraft charges. Banks have a policy, which is really a scam, called “check reordering.” Each month, almost 50% of Americans write checks to pay their bills. Utilities, cable, stuff like that. People living paycheck to paycheck usually write their largest check last. Ramirez :  Yeah, like rent. I deposit my paycheck, I send in my rent, Krumitz :  Right, but what you're not aware of is that the banks don't cash the smaller utility checks before they've processed the larger rent check. It's a scam. Banks process the largest check first, so that your account gets hit with not just one, but multiple overdraft fees. Robin Hood is He's just trying to pay the people back. Give them money that the bank basically stole from them. Krumitz : So our Cyber Robin Hood is you. No, not-not  you  you. But someone like you. Maybe it's just a fed-up Barnaby Bank customer, who's out for revenge. (men grunting) Man : He's got a knife! Woman :  The fight was crazy. This one guy was bragging about getting a cash refund from Barnaby Bank, making a huge deal about all his free money. And another guy got pissed because he didn't get one. I don't blame him. I didn't get one, either. Anyways, they were arguing. And one of them threw a punch. And the other one pulled a knife. I can't believe he stabbed the guy. Ryan : Our target didn't think through his plan. He thought getting people paid would make them happy. He didn't account for human greed. People are fighting each other over whether he's a savior or a criminal? We got ourselves a problem. Ryan : Robin Hood's revolution has begun. Nelson and I spent the entire night combing through the bank's network. Still can't figure out Cyber Robin Hood's next move. Got yourself a new toy, D.B.? The world's smallest programmable robot. You look great, by the way. Thank you. I am trying to look professional before I go in front of the judge for my 5K1 hearing. You given any thought to what you want to do after? Honestly, I was... I was thinking about taking a job in the private sector. Yeah, there are a lot of opportunities for somebody out there with your skill set. It's just, I guess I assumed you were gonna stay here. Cannot imagine this place without you, to be honest. Yeah. A lot of memories here. I've come a long way since I was the young punk who stumbled in here two years ago. ♪ I'm a kerosene drinkin', Pon Dop, what you thinkin' ♪ 
♪ Hurricane of energy, HBO brinkin' ♪ 
♪ Turn up the drums... ♪ Can I help you? Yeah, I'm looking for someone named Avery Ryan. Who are you? Raven Ramirez. It's my first day. You're Raven Ramirez? (chuckles) Eclipse. The  Eclipse? Why, do you have something to say to me, Beardo? ♪ What, what, what, wh-wh-what, make it mine... ♪ I had such attitude. I thought I knew everything. You still do. (laughs) 
 
 Hey. Hey. You know, whatever you choose to do, Raven, you're gonna do great. Thanks, D.B. (chiming) No way. Someone is claiming to be our Cyber Robin Hood on ToggleFly. Look at that. “Citizens of the District, stop fighting. Do not turn on each other. The bank is our only enemy. When I'm done, the payout will be huge and the bank will be brought to its knees.” All right, any way we can track this to the originating device? I mean, I'll try, but my guess is that the post was routed through a dozen proxies. Try. Hey, you see that? Looks like Cyber Robin Hood's next hack. ♪ ♪ (siren wailing) (indistinct chatter) Cyber Robin Hood gained access to one of Barnaby Bank's underground parking structures and stole a Colton Security armored truck. Then he shut down every one of the surveillance cameras, using the same code he wrote to shut down the ATM cams. So we have no idea exactly when he pulled this heist. What we do know is that $1.2 million  was in the back of the truck. I mean, why have the cash just lying around? When we unplugged the ATMs to stop Robin Hood's first hack, it forced Barnaby Bank to find a place to store all that extra cash. Russell : Right, most banks keep their cash reserves in secure offsite locations. Barnaby Bank kept their cash in the trucks with the intention of getting it all out of the District, but Cyber Robin Hood struck first. All he had to do was swipe a key card  to steal the armored truck. Nelson :  Police found the abandoned truck  underneath an overpass; no prints. Ryan : Up until now, both of these hacks-- the ATM and the overdraft refund-- were both done remotely. Stealing a truck is done in person, which means Robin Hood is not just a hacker. He knew where that money was. He knew how to get in, he knew how to get out. This is an inside job. I want the names of every employee who has access to that underground structure where that truck was stolen. ♪ ♪ (door opens) Hey. Hi. (chuckles) Long time, no see. Hey. Listen, I was hoping maybe you could... help shed some light on something for me. Yeah? What's up? Some odd charges show up on my debit card. Lingerie, diamond earrings... a stay at the Rose Garden Inn. What does that have to do with me? The charges were made on the card I left at the bar. Did you come all the way down here to accuse me of stealing your card? Charges were very specific. You told me you loved staying at the Rose Garden Inn. Elijah, I returned your card to you. Why would I do that if I was gonna steal your money? Did you find any evidence that I made those purchases? No. I didn't do it, Elijah. I kind of think you know that, though. If you need somebody to talk to-- as friends, obviously-- uh, you know where to find me. ♪ ♪ Jihadi John tried to hide behind a mask, too. You know how the CIA identified Jihadi John? The veins in his hands. They used a technique called optical-based vein uncovering to map out the structure of his veins from the beheading videos. And then they cross-referenced that vein pattern with hundreds of thousands of people's photos on social media. The human vein is actually more unique than fingerprints. Our suspect pool is limited to the Barnaby Bank employees who had physical access to those armored trucks. Right. So now all we have to do is run the pattern of Robin Hood's veins in this photo against security camera footage of the hand of every employee who accessed the armored trucks. Krumitz : Are you sure this is gonna work? I have no idea. Guys, I just found another vulnerability in the Barnaby Bank system. This one affects the wire transfers. Robin Hood can send as much money as he wants anywhere in the world. So the ATM and the overdraft hacks might have been just smoke and mirrors. This could've been what he was after the whole time. I'll loop in Raven. We need to get started on a patch. Whoa, here we go, got a match. So we have a time stamp of when this hand swiped an I.D. badge at the bank's garage. Last Wednesday, 3:23 p.m. Well, I can cross-reference the time stamp with a list of employees who swiped their card that day. (typing) All right, got a badge number. Say hello to Cyber Robin Hood. Hello. FBI! AJ Kim, FBI! Hands above your head. Slowly stand up. For the record, I am forgoing my legal right to remain silent, and I'm fully cooperating with the law by not resisting arrest. My name is AJ Kim, and I am responsible for the Barnaby Bank hack. And I'm more than willing to go down for my cause. (handcuffs fastening) I've been a teller at Barnaby Bank for five years. Know how much banks made in 2014 from overdraft fees? $35 billion. Barnaby alone made off with $7 billion. Well, that is reprehensible, but you know what's worse? A man was murdered because of your ATM hack. I didn't mean for anyone to get hurt. That's why I mailed you guys the photo of the shooter. Yes, you did. And then you decided to hack the bank again to give people refunds, which resulted in another man being stabbed. Look, I tried to go through the proper channels at the bank years ago. When I discovered the overdraft scam, I went right to my boss. He dismissed me. Ryan : Why didn't you go to law enforcement? That's what we're here for. Five years, I've been telling mothers who could barely feed their kids that I couldn't refund the excessive overdraft fees. I did what was right. I gave the poor a voice. And the people are supporting me. I started a movement. It will go on, with or without me. Oh, you want to be arrested, don't you? So you can martyr yourself for this cause, 'cause you want your name and your picture plastered everywhere. I'm not gonna let that happen. I will make sure the press never gets a photo of you, that the name AJ Kim is never associated with this bank hack. (cell phone chimes) Avery? I just got this alert. Just got $100,000 transferred into my Barnaby Bank account. How's that possible? AJ was in our custody when this happened. Who are you working with? No one. What are you talking about? Agent Mundo just got $100,000 transferred into his Barnaby Bank account. Who else did you transfer money to? I didn't do that. What have you got? $100,000 was just wired electronically to every Barnaby Bank customer in the D.C. area. (sighs) That's over 300,000 people. Somebody just bankrupted Barnaby Bank. And I don't think it's our Cyber Robin Hood, AJ Kim. He looked surprised when I told him. Yeah, well, we have a slightly bigger problem than the emergence of a second hacker. Uh, all of the money was funneled through a vulnerability that Raven said she'd patched. Now, I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation, but... Well, I really hope there is. Ramirez : I don't know what to tell you, Avery. I patched that vulnerability. Check the bank's network. We did. The fact is your patch is not there. You think I stole the money? We're just trying to determine what actually happened. (cell phone chimes) Okay, I just got an alert. The FBI has not been able to monitor your cell phone activity since yesterday. Do you have any idea why that might be? No. Are you interrogating me? Take my phone. Okay? I have nothing to hide. Why would I commit a hack a couple of hours before my 5K1 hearing? I mean, that's what you're accusing me of, right? We're not accusing you of hacking anything. Nelson : Sorry to interrupt, but I have proof that Raven patched the vulnerability. Thank you. These are event logs showing activity on the bank's network. Now, at 1:07 p.m., Raven added her code. An hour later, it was deleted. But it would take another hacker years to find Raven's patch amongst a half million lines of code in the bank network. Unless the hacker knew exactly what to look for. I know who did this. I used a sequence of code another black hat taught me. Who? Jackson. Jackson Richmond, your ex-boyfriend? But you cut off all contact with him when you started working the Cyber Crime Division. I did. But he tracked me down yesterday. He's in D.C. for my 5K1 hearing. Wait, you saw him? He found me. I tried to get away, tried to tell him I couldn't talk. We literally had a two-minute conversation. Avery : Raven, did you speak to him about the Barnaby Bank case? No, of course not. Besides, I saw him before we started working on this. I don't know how he figured out that I wrote that code. Probably hacked your phone when he saw you yesterday. That would explain why your phone isn't connected to the FBI network-- Jackson's controlling it. But how would Jackson have known to hack me for the bank exploit? No, no, he hacked you to keep tabs on  you. The exploit was a bonus. Then he wired the bank's money to make it look like it was part of the Robin Hood hack. Mundo : It was camouflage. He knew if he wired money just to himself, then we'd track it, but now he's a needle in a haystack of wire transfers. Didn't realize you saw Jackson. I told you, he ambushed me. Yeah, how was it? Seeing him after all this time? Weird. We were together for five years. We thought we were unstoppable. Fantasized about big hacks, stealing millions and traveling the world together. Looks like he's still trying to make that fantasy a reality. Jackson hacked you through your phone command. Female voice : Hello. What can I help you with? I hardly ever use Isla. Yeah, well, according to your phone logs, you did. Yesterday morning at 9:30 a.m. That's when I saw Jackson. He didn't have any physical access to my phone. How could he have activated Isla? Were your headphones plugged into your phone when you saw him yesterday? Yeah. Why? (sighs) He hacked you remotely. Used your headphones as an antenna. He only had to be within six feet of you. With his laptop. I mean, using radio waves, he silently triggered voice commands on your phone. He forced your phone to launch a Web site that was already corrupted with his malware. See? Ramirez : Eclipse and Prodigy, those are our hacker handles. I cannot believe he did this to me. Love makes you do stupid things. Like Jackson not anonymizing himself when he registered the Web site domain. Right? I got a I.P. address for the device he was using to spy on you. (taps key) And let's see if we can get a location, hmm? Ramirez : The FBI headquarters? He's there testifying as a character witness for my 5K1. I mean... why would he hack a bank and stay in D.C.? He did this for you. This is all about you. Most guys don't like meeting their girl's ex. I'm looking forward to it. ♪ ♪ I, uh, thought you couldn't be seen with me until after your 5K1. It's over. I just met with the judge. Whatever you said helped. What, so you're free? I'm free. So, uh, what's next, Eclipse? You, uh, you gonna keep that white hat on? No. No, I am done with the FBI. Seeing you again... brought back all of our good memories. And I realized I... I want to be with you. Really? 'Cause, uh, you didn't seem so convinced yesterday. I still had my 5K1 looming over me. And, Jackson, you caught me by surprise. You're the only one who gets me. The real me, Eclipse. I've been pretending to be someone else for the last two years. (over speaker): I'm tired of living a lie. Jackson : Are you sure you're ready to leave all this behind? I mean, you got a pretty cushy life here. I don't want you to have regrets. Ramirez : The only regret I have is ending our relationship. I love you, Jackson. I never stopped. It's all part of the sting, Nelson. She's just playing her part. You two are the worst-kept secret in D.C. (chuckles) Jackson : I've waited two years for that. And, as always, you never disappoint. Uh, time to book two tickets to Geneva. Can you leave tonight? Tonight? What's the rush? You remember that big hack we always talked about? Yeah. I did it. Set up a whole bunch of dummy accounts and cleaned Barnaby Bank out. We've got $5 million, tax-free. You really haven't changed at all, Prodigy. Officer : Jackson Richmond! Don't move! Jackson Richmond, you're under arrest for cyber bank fraud. You set me up? But I did it for us. There is no “us.” Mundo : Suspect is in custody. (sighs) Nelson : I'm sorry you had to do that. I know he meant a lot to you. He did. But Jackson is my past. I want something different for my future. Ramirez :  When I was 15, I dropped out of school,  left home, became a hacker to survive. I never really felt like I belonged anywhere, until I started working for the Cyber Crime Division. I can't thank Deputy Director Ryan enough for making me a member of her family. Thank you, Miss Ramirez. Deputy Director Ryan, what is your recommendation regarding sentencing? Ryan : Your Honor, it's been my pleasure working with Miss Ramirez for the past two years. During that time, she's become an invaluable member of my team. But recent events have led me to believe that... she could benefit from more time with the Cyber Crime Division. Are you saying she hasn't provided you with substantial assistance? (indistinct chattering, laughing) (sighs) Oh, hey! Hey. Perfect timing. We're just about to sit down for dinner. This is my friend Nina, from spin class. She's gonna join us. Nina : Devon, this is so crazy. Elijah and I actually know each other. He comes to my bar all the time. I used to come to her bar. It was a pretty regular thing there for a while. Like when your dad was sick. You know what, actually, you would be surprised how many people would rather talk to a bartender than a therapist. I feel like I'm ready for my degree. So much for the working-late excuses. I was working late. I stopped for one drink. And a little therapy, apparently. Devon... Nina : Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, um, cause any problems, so I'm gonna go, and I'll just see you in class, like, on Friday? Yeah. Thanks. (door opens, closes) You need to stop hanging out with her. Oh, what, we-we can't share friends? That girl is crazy. She's the one who stole our card. She's responsible for all those charges. Wait, you think Nina stole our card? I confronted her about it today. She denied it, and now, hours later, she's in our kitchen. You don't think that's a little weird? I think it's a little weird that you've been sharing our family's private problems with a stranger. (scoffs) You see what's going on here? You see what she started? Elijah, is there something more you want to tell me? No, don't go jumping to conclusions, Devon. I have not done anything wrong. Well, for someone who hasn't done anything wrong, you're definitely acting like you have. (sighs) You should have told me you saw Jackson yesterday. I told you, he showed up out of nowhere. I cut the conversation short. That one mistake... shouldn't outweigh the last two years I've worked for you. A-And if I had told you, you would have punished me for breaking the terms of my deal. No, I would have rewarded you for your honesty. That's what this is all about, Raven. We could have prevented a lot of what happened to the bank today. We would have analyzed your phone to see if Jackson hacked you. Keeping this from me has had serious consequences. You don't trust me. I do trust you. I just don't trust your judgment. You're still young. I'm not Tobin, Avery. I put Jackson... Jackson  behind bars today. Doesn't that mean that I've put my past behind me? Doesn't that count for something? (sighs) Ryan : You ever feel like a villain in your own story? I imagine the Sheriff of Nottingham could relate to that sentiment. What's going on? Raven's verdict just came in. She has to serve the rest of her sentence-- two years. Here at the FBI? The judge asked me a question, and if I had answered it truthfully, it would have meant Raven's release. So I didn't answer it at all. Wow. You have to trust your gut. I hired Raven... so that she would feel empowered, so that she would know what it feels like to use her talent for good. Avery, come on. Raven could have run off with that Jackson fellow and the $5 million, but she didn't. She chose to turn him in. That's your influence on her. I know she's mad at me. But in my heart, I know that Raven is not ready to leave here. What you had to do today, that was hard. I know it's not much consolation, but... one of these days, Raven's gonna realize you were just looking out for her. I'm sure of that, Avery. I know. But I need a drink. (laughs) (chuckles) Care to join me? Just, uh... don't tell my boss. (laughs) If you give me a long pour, your secret's safe with me. Now I know why I hired you. My... immeasurable charm? No, it's your terrific scotch. (laughs) (Italian accent): That's-a some good coffee. (both laugh) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 