Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Kidnapping 2.0 - CSI: Cyber 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Kidnapping 2.0 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=224&t=16807 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/05/15 03:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Kidnapping 2.0 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (men arguing in various foreign languages) 
 (argument continues, in distance) 
 (gasps) 
 Wake up. 
 You hear that? 
 What? 
 I hear something. 
 There's some... there's someone's in the house. 
 Huh? What? (shudders) 
 Mother : Oh, my God. 
 Oh. 
 Caleb! 
 (sobbing): Caleb! My baby! 
 (screaming): Where's my baby?! 
 (men arguing in foreign language) 
 Mother : Caleb! 
 (slurps, ice rattles) 
 (cup lands in trash can) 
 It's early, Ryan. 
 My wife thinks I'm sneaking out of bed to have an affair. 
 No, she doesn't. 
 I sense an insult in there somewhere. 
 You want an update on the Baltimore kidnapping? 
 Yeah. 
 Police report. 
 Baltimore PD states the father heard foreign voices coming out of the baby camera. 
 Here's what's worth getting out of bed for. 
 Baby cameras are designed to broadcast an infant's cries from their crib to the parent's room. 
 Question is, why are foreign voices coming out of the camera? 
 Huh. In-sec intrusion? 
 I'd like to be sure. 
 Case has been signed. 
 Myers and Wallace over at Major Crimes. 
 It needs to be reassigned. 
 Any crime involving electronic devices is, by definition, cyber. 
 All right, you think this kidnapping should fall under cyber division, but you couldn't just call me and tell me all this? 
 Hey, the baby's missing. 
 It's easier for you to say “no” over the phone. 
 All right. All right, all right, all right. 
 I will call off Myers and Wallace. 
 In the meantime, just keep me posted. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Electronic voice : Game paused. 
 Sorry. Agent Mundo is currently on the field of battle and can't talk to you on his first day off in three weeks. 
 Wake, soldier boy. Duty calls. 
 What do you got? 
 Kidnapping. Baltimore. 
 Point of contact is a Detective Cho. 
 Case file's on its way. 
 I'll be right there. 
 I put Caleb Reynolds' photo out on the wires, notified TSA, contacted Baltimore PD. 
 It took me a bit, but I finally got Detective Cho on the wire. 
 CSI has already processed the perimeter. 
 He's gonna hold the rest of the crime scene for us. 
 So he says. 
 State Police, Highway Patrol have already mobilized check points. 
 Amber Alert has been issued, as well. 
 Morning. 
 (sighs) Morning. 
 Where's my first responder, Krumitz? 
 Still trying to link him up. 
 We're having issues on their side. 
 One second. 
 I'm looking for... 
 Ms. Ryan? 
 Last time I heard your voice was in a courtroom. 
 Brody Nelson. 
 I'm Special Agent Avery Ryan. 
 Let me introduce you to the team. 
 Elijah Mundo. 
 Daniel Krumitz. 
 Raven Ramirez. 
 I wish we had time to chat. 
 We don't. Sit. Stay. 
 Detective Cho is on. 
 Detective Cho, Agent Mundo. We spoke on the phone. 
 I'm gonna turn you over to my boss, Special Agent Ryan. 
 Detective Cho, any updates? 
 Tapped the Reynolds' land line. No ransom calls yet. 
 A kid next door heard a car speed off. That's it. 
 What about the baby-cam? 
 It was unplugged and secured. 
 Unplugged? 
 That's the quickest way to lose all the data. 
 Detective Cho, please treat all hardware, including the baby-cam, like a dead body. 
 Don't touch it, don't move it until we get there. 
 Sorry. We didn't know the new cyber protocol on a kidnapping. 
 This is not just a kidnapping. 
 Pack your bags. We're heading to Baltimore. 
 (indistinct conversation) 
 I'll check the perimeter; work outside in. 
 Krumitz, head up to the nursery. Nelson will be right in. 
 What...? You're sticking me with newbie Nelson? 
 The guy I busted? 
 Hey, chubby, keep my name out of your mouth. 
 I'm not your braces. 
 Ryan : Enough. 
 Nelson, zip it. 
 Krumitz, game face. 
 A baby's life's at stake. 
 Focus. 
 That's the guy that busted me? 
 Krumitz-- he's the best white hat hacker in the world. 
 You hack it, he will come. 
 So is that why the judge sent me to you? 
 The judge sent you to me in the hopes you wouldn't spend the rest of your life behind bars. 
 The rules are simple. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Hack for good, prove my worth? 
 Obey all orders? 
 Yeah, I got it. 
 You're forgetting the fine print. 
 One mistake-- federal pen, five years. 
 (Mrs. Reynolds crying) 
 Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds, I'm Special Agent Avery Ryan. 
 I'm here to get your son back. 
 ♪ CSI Cyber 1x01 ♪ 
Kidnapping 2.0 
Original Air Date on March 4, 2015 
 ♪ I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have 'cause  there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles and miles ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ 
 Did you wake up at any other point in the night and check in on him? 
 How many more questions do we have to answer? 
 Honey, she's just doing her job. 
 The more I know about last night, the quicker we can get Caleb back. 
 I know how hard this must be. 
 You do? 
 Do you have children? 
 No. 
 Then you don't know. 
 I know... what it's like to be violated. 
 To feel vulnerable. 
 I took this job because I knew how it felt to be in your position. 
 Mr. reynolds : Honey... 
 Oh, I'm sorry. 
 Whoa! 
 Whoa! 
 This is a crime scene. Glove up. 
 Can't have your meat hooks all over the evidence. 
 What is your problem, man? 
 You're my problem, man. 
 It's bad enough that Avery heads up this whole “it takes a hacker to catch a hacker” program. 
 I only support it because she's my boss, and I love my job. 
 Doesn't mean I believe in it. 
 Okay, look, I don't want to get into any more trouble than I already am because of you, all right? 
 Then learn the job. 
 Ask questions, listen to intelligent answers. 
 So why hack into a baby-cam? 
 Short answer? 
 They were casing the baby remotely. 
 They learned its habits-- when he sleeps, what time the parents come in to feed... 
 And at the most vulnerable hour... snatch. 
 Damn. Yeah. 
 Security wire's cut. 
 (gun firing over video game speakers in distance) 
 (lid clanks shut) 
 (explosion blasting in video game) 
 (gunfire in video game) 
 (knocking on window) 
 Hey, bud. 
 Elijah Mundo, FBI. 
 I'm sorry to interrupt you in the field of battle. 
 Are your parents home? 
 They're upstairs. 
 How come you're not in school today? 
 Parents kept me home after what happened next door. 
 Gotcha. 
 Assassinates,  huh? 
 What level you on? 
 12. Expert. 
 It's hard. 
 I know. Listen... 
 Denny, is it? 
 How'd you know my name? 
 The police report. 
 You told them you heard a car speed off in the middle of the night. Is there anything else I should know? 
 Hey, us Assassinites, we band together... 
 And walk in silence. 
 Your secret is safe with me, my man. 
 I just need some help trying to figure out who took that baby. 
 Yeah. 
 I heard something. 
 Man : Go! Go! Go! Drive! 
 (tires squealing) 
 Thank you. 
 Hey, I gave you some Intel. 
 What about me? 
 How do I get to level 13? 
 Grab all five medic packs. 
 It'll make you immortal for the next three levels. 
 And bazookas. All day. 
 Sweet. 
 You suffered a traumatic event. 
 Your confusion is understandable. 
 The mind is very resilient. 
 Memory is an incredible thing. 
 Take a deep breath. 
 (breathes deeply) 
 Tell me, what did you hear? 
 I heard voices, and they were talking at the same time. 
 What kind of voices? 
 I heard Chinese-- I mean, it-it could've been Japanese. 
 I-I don't know for sure. 
 And I want to say Middle Eastern. 
 Like Arabic? 
 And there was... there was some German. 
 And they were all talking over each other. 
 Kind of like it was a fight. 
 Oh, God, this is bad, isn't it? 
 This is good. Those voices weren't supposed to be there. 
 This is a mistake. 
 It's mistakes that are gonna lead us to Caleb's kidnapper. 
 This is very helpful. 
 Good job. 
 Natal-Cam. Wireless. Model NC-825-P. 
 HD 720p high-quality video. 
 Plays lullabies, low-end model, SD memory card, triggered by motion and sound. 
 Motion and sound? 
 That's what it says. 
 The card could've recorded the kidnapping. 
 You know what? 
 They took the card with them. 
 (wry laugh) 
 Smart kidnappers. 
 All right, so cut wires means they bypassed the alarm systems. 
 All right, let's get back to what the kid saw-- a woman running, tires screeching. 
 What does that tell you? 
 Kidnappers are a team of two. 
 Tires burning rubber, behaviorally, skews male. 
 Babies are high maintenance. 
 I'm thinking the female kidnapper grabbed the baby. 
 The male was the getaway driver. Did you just use the word “behaviorally”? 
 Working with you, I can't help it. 
 Modify the BOLO. 
 We're looking for a kidnapping team now. 
 What are you guys doing? 
 Confiscating your devices. 
 Faraday bags block the kidnappers from communicating with your devices. 
 Second we zip 'em up, it's like locking 'em in a lead vault. 
 What if the kidnappers try to call? It'll go to voicemail. 
 They could hurt Caleb. 
 We've secured your land lines. They're being monitored 24/7. 
 Uh, we're missing one, A. Only one cell here. 
 Don't cry, Mom. I'll keep you posted. 
 Your mom okay? 
 Here. Sorry. 
 Don't be sorry. 
 Any other calls you need to make before I lock it up? 
 No, I'm good. 
 Oh, there's one more thing. 
 I need a DNA sample from you and your husband. 
 Standard protocol. 
 When's the last time you breast-fed Caleb? 
 Midnight. 
 Why? 
 It's the best way to get a DNA sample of your son. 
 Why are you putting the baby-cam away? 
 Hardware's clean. I'm bagging it for evidence. 
 Didn't bear any fruit. 
 Well, all I got is green code here. 
 First five devices are clean. 
 Now, if Mom's comes back the same way, we struck out here, too. 
 Krumitz : Oop! There's malware. 
 We found a rat. 
 You found a rat. 
 Remote Access Trojan. Spy software. 
 Available anywhere on the surface net. 
 40-buck download. 
 Basically, anybody with half a brain can use it. 
 Of all the devices, the only one infected was Fran Reynolds' laptop? 
 Yeah. 
 RAT software looks for specific prompts. 
 What did the user tag? 
 What did he want to see? 
 Nelson :  Everything tagged “Caleb”... 
 ...or “baby.” 
 The rat tracked every e-mail sent. 
 Whatever she sent, he saw. Somebody outside the Reynolds family is way too interested in Caleb. Krum, pull up Fran Reynolds' phone records. Elijah : What are you thinking? Right before the mom gave up her phone, I saw her sneak-talking. All right, her last call was from the 410 area code. Baltimore. Krum, do a reverse look-up. Harbor Boat Restoration. Nelson, check for frequency. Right. Huh. 21 calls to that number in the last two weeks, all after midnight. She was having an affair. Where are my DNA results? Beat me to it. Fran Reynolds' husband is not the father. Looks like the biological father works at the boat company. (baby crying) (whispering): We're not waiting for backup. FBI! Bill Hookstraten, don't move! Don't shoot! Don't shoot! On your knees! Ryan : Hand me the baby. Just d-don't hurt him. Give me your hands. Cross your ankles. Something's not right. Oh, my God. Baby okay? Oh, my God. There's no freckle. It's not Caleb. What do you mean I'm the rat? You hacked into Fran Reynolds' computer. We tracked your IP address to this address, and we know from the DNA test results that Mr. Reynolds is not Caleb's biological father. Fran and I had an affair. Got pregnant. And as much as she talks about leaving her husband, she couldn't do it. We argue all the time on the phone about me seeing Caleb. I even threatened to get a lawyer. So I bought some software so I could see my kid. You've only seen him on the Internet. Didn't you happen to notice he had a distinctive freckle on his right cheek? So tell us, whose baby is this? If it's not Caleb, I don't know. Then how did this Baby Doe end up here? Fran called me in the middle of the night to give me the bad news. She was insistent that I not come over. Then I got this strange phone call  three hours ago. Hello? Man : Bill Hookstraten? Speaking. We know you're Caleb Reynolds' father. We have him. Call the cops, he dies. We're willing to sell him to you for a price. They said they wanted $75,000. Paid cash... and then they gave me the baby. The kidnappers, were they foreigners? Speak with foreign accents? No. They were as American as it gets. He was rough. She was on the trashy side. Here's what's troubling me. How could two complete strangers know about your secret with Fran? And that you've never seen your son before? Honestly... I have no idea. Avery :  So let's say that the kidnappers  did steal Baby Doe and Caleb. Why sell Hookstraten the wrong baby? Okay. Maybe this bait and switch was on purpose. They know Hookstraten is desperate. He buys the wrong baby. He realizes it's not his. The kidnappers turn around and sell him the real one but for more money. I don't know. It doesn't add up. No, I know. It doesn't add up. None of it adds up because... how can a second baby go missing and nobody even phones it in? Well, law enforcement, somewhere, must've dropped the ball. We should've been notified by now. All right, I will put it out on NLETS again. We go wider, we just cover the whole country, and if nothing pops, we contact the media. What's your next move? I'm going to change a diaper. A diaper. Ryan : (gasps) Ooh. Oh, someone's got some pee-pee. Well, don't worry, we'll take care of this. Now, mister, you'll never remember this moment, but I will. Most people don't know this... but diaper edges are built-in print catchers. And if the woman who changed you can lead me back to her boss, her big bad wolf of a boss, then I will huff and I will puff and I will blow the target's house... down. Avery, CTOC just got back to us on your print. Hey! Yo. That the female kidnapper? Victoria Shala. 25. No known address. Priors for prostitution. Two DUIs. She's a lush. Have Nelson pull her online presence. I want to know who she's running with. Nelson : FriendAgenda is no friend to Vicky. She's as social as it gets. Best thing that's ever happened to law enforcement. Yep. That's exactly why I stay off of it. Figure that's the first place you guys look to bust guys like me. We have plenty of ways to catch guys like you. But until you're one of us, that's for us to know and for you to find out. Baby Face Nelson. Baby Face what? See a pattern? Nelson : You know what, I do. Everything is tagged “Ricky”" Ramirez : Richard Scaggs, 31, born Niagara, New York. They're both from Niagara. That's how they know each other. What are you doing? I know the type. Idiots like Ricky are all about cars, bars and guitars. The neighbor kid did say he heard tires peeling out. Tires. We're looking for a blue Camaro. Yeah, we are. I know we are. According to Hookstraten, Ricky and Vicky blew out of Harbor Boat Restoration two hours ago. How far could they have gone? Bring up the map. We know from Vicky's rap sheet she had two DUIs. She's a drinker. They're gonna look for a bar. And with 75 in cash in the trunk, the last thing they want to do is to get pulled over. Starting at Harbor Boat Restoration, take out all left-hand turns. No risk for a car accident. They don't want to have to call the police. They're going to stick to surface roads, drive just below the speed limit. Omit all highways. Mundo : Search area just got a lot smaller. Evolutionary survival skills will instinctively take them to higher ground. Change the view to topography. That will takes them down to Shookstown Road. We are looking for a bar near Five Forks, Blue Ridge Mountains. Mundo :  And a blue Camaro. 
 
 FBI! Stop right there! Hands up! What the hell is this? Hands on your head! Step away from the car! Is that possible? Step away and put my hands behind my head at the same time? Hilarious. Where is Caleb Reynolds? Ricky : Hey, you can't go in my car, man. I have rights. Probable cause. We know you sold one of the babies. Where's the other one? No, don't go in there! No baby. Plenty of cash, though. $75,000, right? You can't take that money. That's our ticket out. To a new life. Where the hell is Caleb Reynolds? Sniper! Get down! Why'd they kill her, man? Get down! No! (motorcycle engine starts) (engine revving) Yes, this is Agent Mundo calling to report an officer-involved shooting. Yeah, I'm okay, but the other guy's gonna need a body bag. It's gonna be tough to get any I.D. on this guy. His fingerprints are burned off. No memory card, but here's Vicky's cell. Brand-new burner cell. Want to bet this is how the sniper found 'em? They GEO-tracked 'em. Three new entries on this phone. One is the call to Hookstraten. Confirms his story. Two entries on a GPS app. Last entry is Hookstraten's place. The first entry? Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. 1232 Samuel Drive. This is likely Baby Doe's home. I'm calling Harrisburg PD. Here we go. SD memory card courtesy of Natal-Cam. (overlapping conversation in various languages) Foreign voices. Yeah. Definitely German. Yeah. (overlapping conversation in various languages) Mundo : Chinese and Arabic. All right, from what I can make out, it sounds like the guy is saying something about 565,000 Riyal. Riyals-- that's Saudi currency. Sounds heated, competitive. The German and the Saudi guy go back and forth throwing all kinds of numbers around. Looks like they're bidding. (men conversing in various foreign languages) Man : Mubar. Mubar. Means “sold” in Arabic. It's an auction. It's an online baby auction. Oh, those poor parents. They buy a baby-cam to protect their child. It's the very thing that gets him abducted. That is truly horrifying. Okay, here we go. All languages translated to English. Play it. Man : Next baby up-- six months old, boy, American. Again future parents, you're responsible for language translation and currency conversion. Highest bidder wins. Opening bid, 100,000 American. Chinese bidder : 775,000. Man 2 : $800,000. Man 3 : 120 dollar... Man 4 : 900,000. Man : Sold! Mundo : Our bad guy's a good businessman. He understands supply and demand. Try adopting an infant these days. Intensive screening, two-year waiting list, lawyer bills. Well, he found a way to short-track it. We're thinking he targeted desperate parents online. He surfed legitimate international adoption sites, lured them to his own private network. Yeah, well, key word-- desperate. (phone rings) He sold them a dream. Instant family. Sifter. What? Wh... Where? I'll get back to you. Avery, a word. Hard as this is to believe... ...two more babies went missing last night. Springfield, Mass; Flushing, New York. Both male. Both parents had Natal-Cams. Now you're telling me we have three babies in the wind? Strike one-- the Reynolds baby-cam is clean. Strike two-- their devices did not contribute to the intrusion. I don't want a third strike, so let's get Krumitz. Get him on a plane to Natal-Cam headquarters. We gotta figure out how that target got into those cameras remotely, or this is just the beginning. How long has your source code been like this? You have a vulnerability in your multiview function, you idiot. They told me not to talk to you. You don't have to talk to me. Your source code's telling me how they got in. You thought “patch and pray” was gonna make the problem go away? How many baby cams are we talking? 45,000. 45,000...?! And you didn't say anything? There is a bad guy out there who's found the weakness in your source code, and he's set up his own online shopping network for babies, and you didn't say anything! I took it upstairs, but they didn't listen. Here. (dial tones sounding) Go. It's bad. What do you want me to do? Shut it down. Let's close his store. Make him make the next move. What are are we looking at, Doc? Richard Scaggs, Victoria Shala and John Doe Sniper. All virtually teleported from the Baltimore M.E.'s Office. I called you down here to take a closer look at Vicky. Remove Scaggs, sniper... ...isolate torso. Enhance keloids. Found unusual scar tissue under both breasts. If there was an enhancement or a reduction, I'd expect to see a single scar. Your kidnapper had at least a dozen procedures. She was muling drugs. Probably carrying them in her silicone implants. You can see here where they cut her open and sewed up her breasts to transport the drugs. Both a mule and a saddlebag. It's a tough way to make a living. No wonder she wanted out. Explains why she and Ricky went rogue. Sold the Harrisburg baby to Hookstraten. Cross their boss, which got them killed. Sounds like he'll stop at nothing to keep his business going. We are looking for a target who graduated from drug trafficker to child trafficker. Ryan : Product is product. And like drugs, babies have a value. As long as they're alive. Sifter : You know, it's an interesting cat and mouse you and the target are playing. His plan is unraveling. Vicky and Ricky went rogue. Elijah took out the sniper. Harrisburg baby is back with his parents. That is too many setbacks. My guess is he is feeling desperate. And desperate people do desperate things. Take the ammo. Switch to shotgun. Hey, Cheeseburger One! Wait for me, dude! You need cover! (electronic whoosh) What the...? Seriously? (game chiming) Why can't I X-out of this thing? (chiming continues) (sighs) Fine! (game blips) Mom...! I think when you shut down Natal-Cam you got his attention. Man (on video) : Put Natal-Cam back online or Caleb dies. Krumitz : I mean, he could've just called the land line at the Reynolds' house. Why send the threat to a neighbor? Target wanted maximum impact. He sends us a video of Caleb in distress. Intimidation tactic. Well, it worked; we're here. And now we are going to send him a message back. This is Special Agent Ryan of FBI Cyber Division. Natal-Cam will be back online in 30 minutes. Please don't harm that child. Okay, well, that's gutsy. “Hi, target. Just little ol' me, Avery Ryan”. He knows the FBI's involved. That video he sent of Caleb tells me all about him. He's angry, he's out of control, he wants his baby business back. I am just buying us a small window of time so we can whack that mole. So what's our 30-minute game plan? Game Vex... is a console, right? Oh... (chuckles) And most game companies with live capabilities have safeguards against pedophiles. That's why companies like Game Vex assign unique identifiers to each box. If any child gets harassed, they can track the perpetrator right down to the console. You track the box, you find the target. Our move. Make it count. No pressure. (speaks Albanian) All right, let's go. Come on. FBI! Police! Freeze! (agents shouting) Drop it! FBI! On the ground! Drop it! On the ground! Mundo : Line 'em up. Find the computers. Get into 'em. Where's Caleb Reynolds? Why you ask me? Every guy here keeps sneaking a peek at you. You're the boss. What about the other two babies you kidnapped? Springfield? Flushing? Does that ring a bell? New tat? Is that a date? Date my mother croaked. Krumitz : Avery! You need to see this. This is their network we shut down. From here, they could case the babies for weeks. Data's encrypted. 20-character password. Even with an alphanumeric code, the possibility of us identifying the actual password is 62 to the 20th power. Running three gigahertz 24-7, we could probably break the encryption in... ten billion years. Most people can't remember a sequence longer than a phone number. Chances of these geniuses memorizing 20 characters is... impossible. Which means they wrote it down somewhere. Do any of you know Sven? Elisa? Vladimir? Your mother? Time to earn your stripes, Nelson. Eenie, meanie, miney, Moe. Catch a “gangster" by the toe. Rearrange the numbers, yo. Early years are first to go. What are you doing? I think better when I talk it out in rhyme. Really? I got it. Let's arrange it by year. Let's go earliest to latest, starting with 1-23-09 6-17-10, 3-21-11, and 1-12-13. (electronic ding) Nice work, Baby Face-- we're in. Mundo : All right, three babies, three cars, all GeoTrack'd-- one outside Flushing, one just north of Springfield-- those are the most recent kidnappings. Odd baby out must be Caleb. Upstate New York. Woman :  I tried every number. How can there be no one at the warehouse? We need to make delivery of this baby. All the other airports are too hot-- let's try Trenton-Mercer. I just want my fee for the brat. (Caleb wailing) (siren wailing) Cops! Go, go, go! (siren continues wailing) Woman : Look out! (grunts) (sirens wailing) (thumping) He's not breathing. (crying) (crying fades) (sobbing, laughing) (laughs) (Caleb fusses) (sighs): Oh... I never thought that I would... hold him again. I... I'm never gonna let him go. I don't think that would be fair to Dad. Now that he's back, I think there are a lot of people... who would love to hold him. (Caleb burbles happily) (sniffles) Thank you. (laughter) Good news. We, uh, swept up the other two kidnap teams. The babies are fine; they are home, safe and sound. (whooping, happy chatter) Good, good, good. Sifter : I'm proud of you. Sifter : Hey, it's late. Time to get you all back home to your parents' basements. (laughs) Krumitz, you're home already. (phone rings) All right, we start all over again tomorrow. Let's grab a beer. Yeah. Later. See you there. One thing I never asked. Why did you go to bat for me? Oh, there was a hacker once. It was the beginning of the Internet. I was a behavioral psychologist. I had a practice in New York. And then one day, all my patients' files were stolen from my computer, and all their secrets went public. I lost my career and my practice, but more importantly... one of my patients was murdered. I keep thinking if I could just turn you, one hacker at a time, nothing like that will ever happen again. So, did you catch him? I mean, the hacker? Is he in jail? I still don't even know who he is. So... (sighs) I take it you're definitely going for drinks. No. After every case, I go somewhere to think. Think about what? How I'm gonna catch him. (rock intro playing) ♪ I know you've deceived me ♪ 
♪ Now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have ♪ 
♪ 'Cause there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles and miles and miles ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 