Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Fire Code - CSI: Cyber 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Fire Code https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=224&t=17511 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/26/15 17:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Fire Code 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Avery Ryan. I was a victim of cyber crime. 
 Like you, I posted on social media, checked my bank account balance online, even kept the confidential files of my psychological practice on my computer. Then I was hacked, and as a result, one of my patients was murdered. 
 My investigation into her death led me to the FBI, where I joined a team of cyber experts to wage a war against a new breed of criminal hiding on the Deep Web... infiltrating our daily lives in ways we never imagined... faceless... nameless... lurking inside our devices, just a keystroke away. (hissing) (indistinct chatter over TV) (alarm clock beeping) (beeping, rapid trilling) (water pouring) (beeping, indistinct chatter over TV) (drops remote, beeping stops) (indistinct chatter, static crackles over TV) (man laughs, crowd chatter) (rock music playing loudly, alarm clock beeping) (silence) (sighs) (faint clatter) (panting) (screams) (panting) ♪ ♪ (car horn honking) Hey, look out! (car horn blaring) Woman : Hey! (tires screeching) Whoa. (tires screeching) Whoa! (Rusty groaning) Been a while, Rusty. (grunts) Hey! Hey, take it easy. You don't text, you don't call. I've been busy. Besides, it wasn't me. What wasn't you? Whatever this was about. Part of being a criminal informant means taking our calls and providing useful information to the FBI. Yeah. We heard you got something useful. We got a tip you were bragging about it. Bragging? That don't sound like me. I'm a humble individual. (Ryan and Mundo laugh) Okay, then... we'll check your devices then. We'll see what we find. All right. Wow. All the roughhousing's unnecessary. I was just about to call you. Oh, okay. Came across something you might be interested in. Slowly. It's a hot new piece of code. Just be careful where you stick it. So much power in such a small plastic case. Ryan : Krumitz, if the connection's secure, just plug in the flash drive. Oh. Right. Here we go. Let's see if this actually works. (trilling) You okay? Yeah. Just letting Krummy do his things. He's pretty excited about all of this stuff, so, you know. Mundo : All right. Do we know what it does yet? Hey, hey, Elijah, let's just show, then tell. You know, I've got a very full day, so... All right, all right, it's almost unloading, okay? 98, 99... And... install. (printer whirring) It's working. What's working? You printing something? Wait for it, wait for it. Trust me. You're gonna want to see this. Whoa. There we go. Now it's working. (laughs) Okay. Okay, okay. Oh. That was awesome. See, your C.I. gave us code hidden inside a firmware update that disengages the thermal switch of a printer. That switch regulates the temperature of an ink fuser, you know, keeping it from overheating. So now, when the paper loads,  touching the blazing-hot fuser, it sparks, then the paper in the tray ignites, causing your printer to catch on fire. So the fuser is the match, and the paper is the fuel. Krumitz : Yeah. (chuckles) Sifter : Code sent from a computer did all this? Krumitz : It's pretty amazing, huh? Ryan : That's terrifying. Someone's figured out how to set a fire through the Internet. Where'd you get this? At an office supply store. Do you want to play games? The code, Rusty. The code in the flash drive-- who gave it to you? What makes you think I didn't write it? You're not that smart. You're a step above script kiddie. Hey, I was, uh, gonna try and help you guys out, but if you're gonna insult my skills... It's incredibly sophisticated code. It highlights a big flaw in Public Electric printers. Manufacturer didn't even know about it. It's a legitimate zero-day vulnerability. I know. I was gonna try and sell it to them. Big companies pay good money for their own zero-days. That's why hackers spend so many hours searching for them. I figured I could get at least a grand for that, whether it worked or not. It's one thing to sell flaws to FriendAgenda. It's another to walk around with detailed instructions on how to remotely set a fire. Oh, is... is that against the law? I was just trying to earn a living here. This is my business. Now it's our business. If you didn't write the code, who did? I don't know. I traded for it on the wire. Deep Web user? What was their handle? I don't remember that kind of thing. I would tell you if I did. I would. You guys look like you don't... believe me. (knocking on glass) I searched recent reports of electrical fires across the U.S. Most were faulty wiring, appliances left on or too many plugs in one outlet, but one in Louisville, Kentucky, stood out. The victim reported an unexplained power surge that set her printer on fire. This was two nights ago. Mm-hmm. Stupid thing. Avery and I are headed out. I'll call you when we touch down in Louisville. All right. I'll be ready. What happened? Where's Michelle? She's fine, Elijah. I just need to talk to you. You haven't returned my messages, so I thought that... Yeah, I know, I know. I've been crazy busy. I'm on my way to the airport now. I'll call you from the car. This is not something I want to talk about over the phone. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't important. Mundo :  Wow. A naval flight instructor. Uh, that's a great opportunity for you. It's gonna be tough for Michelle and me to visit you in San Diego, but we'll get out there as often as we can. I was hoping that Michelle could live with me. (sighs, stutters) No, Michelle's not moving to San Diego. Our daughter spends most of her time with me anyway, Elijah. With your work, and as much as you travel, it's... My father helps out. Joint custody was not supposed to mean that she sees her grandfather more than she sees her dad. Is this a conversation about custody or about your new job opportunity? Elijah, please... No. Devon, no more changes. Michelle stays with me. I got to go. (trilling) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (typing) Krumitz, I got the chip. It should tell us if malicious code ignited the printer. Sending it to you right now. Woman :  We're suing the landlords. I mean, there should have been sprinklers in here, right? Well, your apartment's not up to code. But fortunately, the fire department responded quickly, and Stacie was able to get out alive. Kate, you weren't here when this happened? I spent the last week in Florida with my parents. And I never even opened her door, until... (screams) You told the investigators you thought that your apartment was possessed? Right before the fire, all the appliances suddenly came to life. (alarm clock beeping, rock music playing loudly) How elaborate is your Wi-Fi password? Our... Wi-Fi? It's as important as the lock on your front door. What does that have to do with the fire? Well, the evidence shows that the fire started inside the printer in your room. So it was an electrical fire. More likely a cyber intrusion into your router. Without a good password, anyone can invade your network and access your devices. I'm gonna need a list from both of you. All the people you know who have tech skills-- maybe an ex-boyfriend who has a degree in computer science? Wait a minute, you think someone we know did this? You're saying we were hacked? It's a possibility. No one was in this apartment all week but me. No one would need to be in the apartment. They would only need remote access to Kate's computer. If I'm right about this, this fire was not an accident. It was arson. ♪ CSI Cyber 1x04 ♪ 
Fire Code 
Original Air Date on March 25, 2015 ♪ I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise ♪ 
♪ I know that you have, 'cause there's magic in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ I can see for miles and miles ♪ 
♪ And miles... ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah. ♪ 
♪ ♪ Hey, yo! Fellas? Come on, quit wasting ammo. Fellas! No, just kill him. Guys! (chattering) What's up?! Quest! Hey, yo, you acting like you seen a ghost, man. What's up, man? What's up, dude? What's up, boy? Hey, man. What's up? Icarus, what's up? Where you been? Man, I been in D.C. mostly, man. He is wearing a tie, dude. I know, and a vest. You're right, I do. I have a tie and vest. And I do have on dress shoes, okay? That's right, man, I been working. Work? What's that? Work? I don't know, man, what's work? What's work? Something both of you guys need: jobs. You see what I'm saying? Y'all clowning on me already. All right, see what happens when one of you guys get busted. Be just like me-- be a I.T. guy working at a real estate firm in Arlington. Clock punchers-- that's real scary. Hey, uh, where's Meta? Is he still living here or... Sort of. We don't really see him around much anymore. Things have changed ever since you left. That's crazy. Loser buys pizza? House rules. Come on, man. Pizza? This early? Icarus : Or late. Both : Depending on how you look at it. Both of you guys are crazy, man. (laughter) Crazy, both of y'all, still the same. Let's roll, buddy. Come on, man. Hey, count me in. I'm gonna go use the bathroom. All right, you know where it's at? Come on-- do I know where it's at? Sifter :  Look,  determining the identity of the hacker who wrote the illegal firmware update is a priority. But a recall of the product is highly recommended, be... No, even if you send out the new update, it can still be rewritten. All right, that's up to you. Yeah. (hangs up) Lawyers from P.E. skirting responsibility, claiming user manipulation, not a defect in their printer. Well, technically, they're correct about that. You know, technically, it's still their product; they've got to take responsibility for fixing the problem. What is it you want to show me? I compared the firmware upgrade  that Elijah sent from the fire in Louisville with the one  our C.I. gave us-- the firmware that started the fire in the printer-- and they didn't match. It's not the same code? No. Well, it is, it is. Just slightly altered. And that alteration made it possible for me to track the I.P. address  right to the person who hacked the Wi-Fi and intruded the router, taking control of the computer that communicated with the printer that started the fire in Stacie Evers' condo. Target's name is Donald O'Hare. All right, so that's a good thing, right? We got our guy. It's always the mistakes our targets make that get them caught. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah, uh, something is bothering you here. Our target used a virtual private network to mask his identity, and then put his own I.P. into the update? That's like robbing a bank with a ski mask and then handing the teller your driver's license to cash a check. Yeah, yeah. After going to all this trouble, why embed the I.P. in the update, leading us right to him? Yeah. Why, indeed? Man : Over by the pump, Steve. Get it out back. We're bringing it to the... (door buzzes) Donald O'Hare! FBI! Freeze! FBI! Get out of the way! (grunts) Donald O'Hare! Stay right where you are. You're under arrest. Give me your hands, come on. We found this on your home computer. You know what I'm thinking, Donald? You're a pyromaniac compelled to start fires for sexual gratification. But unlike other arsonists, you're too afraid to do it in person. So you relied on your computer skills to keep a safe distance. How am I doing? That video doesn't prove a thing. But you still needed an open Wi-Fi signal. And the right printer. So I'm guessing you started driving around town, sniffing for Wi-Fi signals till you found one. And Stacie lives, what, six blocks from your place? I wouldn't know. You also needed to see it happen,  so you installed a backdoor Trojan into Stacie's computer in her bedroom so you could access the camera, as well as the built-in camera in the smart TV in the kitchen. But why did you mess with the other devices? What did the coffeemaker do, other than scare her? Ah, you're remembering. Oh, it excited you to scare her. It's your form of foreplay. Well, here's what I don't understand. Donald, maybe you can help me with this. Did you want to get caught? Did you want credit for the exploit? I mean, why go to all the trouble to stay anonymous and distant if you were gonna embed your I.P. address in the update? Oh, you didn't know. Your I.P. address was embedded. Who gave you the code? I don't know who. (clears throat) Someone I met in a forum on fire prevention. Do you remember the user's handle? J-U-5-T-U-5. But... in leetspeak, numbers are letters, so it really spells... "Justice." According to P.E., they've sold over 1.5 million of those printers. Unless we can unplug them all, Simon, each one's a possible target. I'll let you know what we find out. (knocking on glass) Hey. Heard you were back. Listen, we have a lead. We got to move quickly. There's a user going by the handle Justice. J-U-5-T-U-5. We think he may be the author of the code. I need you to gain access to the forums and... Avery. (sighs) That's why I'm here. I know who wrote the code. (chuckles softly) I did. After I got busted for the stock exchange hack, you guys took everything away from me. You took my cell phone, my video games, my computers, 60,000 MP3s on my laptop. But you didn't get this. Flash drive? Holds 128 gigs. Not enough for all my music, but a safe place to back up all my favorite codes. Like the printer exploit. Yeah. I called it Ghost Print. Code for basically hacking into someone's network and taking control of their printer. Look, I thought it would be a funny prank to play on my friends. Print weird messages, freak them out. Took a while, but I figured out how to do it on P.E. printers. Why P.E.? Well, because it's a popular brand and just about everybody has one. Are you certain this is your code? I compared it to what we got from your C.I., and it all lines up. But, look, j-just the first part. Look, you got to believe me. I only wrote code that allowed the intrusion, not the code to set a fire. Sit down. Who else knew about this code? See, that's the thing; I don't know. Nelson. Okay. (sighs) I shared it on a few forums. But, look, it was a long time ago. Look, anyone could've taken my code a-and expanded on it. What's going on out there? Another fire. Community college in Atlanta. Local news is all over it. Security cam footage has printers in the computer lab mysteriously bursting into flames. They're saying it's a poltergeist. The guy we arrested in Louisville is still behind bars. This is someone new. 
 
 (sirens wailing in distance) I just talked to the fire investigator. Emergency sprinkler system was able to save the building, but not the lab. The fire burned too hot, too fast. Found a janitor dead in the storage closet. He wasn't able to get out? No. His only escape route would've been right through the fire. Autopsy report shows third-degree burns... Help me! Somebody! ...suggesting he tried to get out, but probably died of smoke inhalation before he could. They're not even sure if the fire alarms were functioning. How many of these printers are there? Four printers, four fires. All individual points of origin. One there, two there, one over there. The behavior of our fire starter doesn't match the profile of an arsonist. Unlike Donald O'Hare, who wanted to watch the blaze, this target doesn't seem to share the same M.O. The first responders didn't see anyone at the scene, these devices don't have any internal cameras, and the security cameras are all hardwired. This is a hacker playing with fire, is this is. This is some selfish, inconsiderate b*st*rd who never stopped to think the consequences. Printers are fried. I seriously doubt I can find a chip, let alone recover any data off one. You "seriously doubt"? You comfortable telling his family that? Uh... Ryan : Elijah. If you need to go back to Washington, do so. I'm fine. Listen, I don't need one of your therapy sessions. You're afraid. I understand. The idea of losing somebody you care about... No, Michelle is not going anywhere. Maybe not. But Devon is. So this office printer wasn't on the same network as the other printers? Krumitz : No, it was. Then why didn't it burn? Was it offline or unplugged? Nope. Just out of paper. No fuel to start a fire. I give you the match. A melted fuser. Proof there was an intrusion. Check this out. (trilling) A new I.P. address. Different than the last one but embedded in the same spot. I can't figure how they managed to make the same rookie mistake. Because it wasn't a mistake. (door opens, bell jingles) Can I help you? Ryan : We sure hope so. You see, we know how you started those fires at the community college. Mundo : Your I.P. address was embedded in the firmware update. It's shocking, I know. (scoffs) What are you talking about? I-I... We also know why you started those fires. You were recently fired as an I.T. professor there. And now you work here. Oh. Y-You're looking for Dave. I-I think he might be in the back... Yeah, I wouldn't try that, Dave. If you do make it past us, there's a SWAT team outside, and they will shoot you on sight. Ryan : We also know that you didn't write the code. You were a pawn in someone else's game, and they set you up. So the only question left for us to ask is: who gave you the code? Another one who's not talking. (handcuffs clicking) ♪ ♪ (indistinct chatter) Heads up! After all these years, you still can't hit a 360, huh? (groans) Let's see you try it in those shiny-ass shoes. (laughs) Man, I heard you got three years probation, no computer use. Yeah. Limited. Damn. They let me have a phone, and I can use the computer at the real estate office, but, uh, it's all closely monitored. Aw, bro, that's worse than the electric chair. Yeah. According to my probie, I'm not even allowed to associate myself with known hackers. Oh, well, uh, you should bounce then, 'cause Meta is worldwide, son! Ah! (laughs): You're still the same, man. You know. Hey, listen. Thanks for taking all the heat on that stock exchange hack. You never gave me up, and I won't forget that ever. And I won't forget that you got me busted by sending all the money to my bank account. Hey, we didn't know it'd actually work, all right? Believe me, if we had to do it over again... Look, man, it's all good, all right? What's done is done. But check it, I need a favor from you. Name it. You still rolling hard on the wire? All day, all night. Cool. Well, look, I'm looking for someone. Goes by the name of Justice. J-U-5-T-U-5. You know anything about that? No, it doesn't sound familiar. Of course, names kind of all blend together. You know how many hackers are using leetspeak now. Well, you're right about that. What do you need from him? Just a work thing. At the real estate office? Yeah, man, he pissed my boss off pretty bad. Look, just keep an eye out on him for me. You can do that? Yeah, man. If you see anything, just let me know. You got my back, I got yours, baby. There it is, man. Speaking of backs, stay off yours, all right? Oh, all right, all right. Hey, get some new shoes, all right? (laughs) Our arsonist in Atlanta was set up by the same Deep Web user going by the handle Justice. He wrote an executable into the firmware update that identified the sender. So what could he possibly gain by revealing the user's code? Ownership. Credit as the author. Or maybe he just enjoys creating chaos. Some hackers just want to watch the world burn. How do we find this guy, put a stop to all this? Well, the M.O.s on all three cases are the same. He's handpicking who to set up. First a black hat  known for selling zero-days,  then a deviant pyromaniac  compelled to start fires, and now a revenge arsonist  to make a public statement. Meanwhile, P.E. has done nothing to spread the word about unplugging these printers. Can you believe there were nine of them on the third floor of this building? Yeah. I had them unplugged, of course, but... I mean, one of the most secure places in the country, and even we were vulnerable. Sorry, but you two need to see this. More fires? Public Electric just got a video message from Justice. It's untraceable. This is a freeze frame of the first few seconds. Ryan : "I'm just warming up." By now, all of you at P.E., as well as the public, have seen what I am capable of. A massive recall on your printers will cost you millions, but the bad press from additional fires will cost you everything. Wire $10 million to the accounts that I have provided you, and this all goes away. Ignore my request, and I'll post the codes online. And if you do decide to recall all of your printers, be warned, it's not your only device that can burn. You have two hours to comply before P.E. sets the world on fire. That was his plan all along. In pathological terms, he's what's known as a professional torch, someone who burns for profit. He needed those scapegoats to get caught. Otherwise, the cause of the fire would remain a mystery. Right. Proof of concept. Mundo : Which is why he embedded the code that would reveal their I.P. addresses. He put the code on the wire knowing that closet arsonists and deviant hackers would see how easy it would be to start a fire. Yeah, but it was all just a setup by Justice to prove that his exploits were a viable threat, something P.E. would pay $10 million to stop. Yeah, well, it worked. P.E. wants to pay. They can't do that. Uh, they can, and they most likely will. Arson for profit is a rational commercial act. He's not bluffing. If they don't pay, there will be more fires. And if they do pay? Gives him incentive to do it again. What's all this? Noticed you weren't around for the video presentation. Yeah, I had a late lunch. Is, uh, this yours? Found it on your desk. Yeah, thanks. Quest, huh? That's cool. It's kind of like dorky dog tags. But if I had anything on there I didn't want the FBI to know about, I'd leave it at home. Ryan : We have one hour to discover which of these P.E. devices is capable of being hacked to start a fire. Justice-- he's gonna target something that's common, something almost everybody has. Something that can't be stopped by unplugging it or pulling the paper out of the tray. We need to stay one step ahead of him this time. No more playing catch-up. Make it burn. P.E. just got five separate offshore account numbers from Justice-- Singapore, Dubai, Hong Kong, Belize and the Cayman Islands. $2 million to each. Well, it's smart. It's hard to monitor them all with such a small window. You really think he's gonna try this again if they pay? If we don't stop him, who will? Uh, listen, Avery, about earlier. I'm... I-I was rattled. Elijah, a little piece of advice: when it comes to family, be selfish. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Krummy? (whoops) Check it out. I did it. I remembered something I read  a few years back, right? It was this article about how you can blow up a laptop's battery on command. So I started with that first. Krumitz : I came pretty close by disengaging the cooling fan. But the battery's a much more viable option. Yeah, well, that's because laptop batteries are smarter than you think. Most contain a microcontroller that monitors the power level of the unit, allowing the operating system to check the battery's charge and respond accordingly. That means lithium ion batteries can regulate their own heat for safety purposes. Ryan : Or be manipulated to overheat and explode. I had written pieces of the code for it already. It was an old exploit I was working on back... Back in the day. I'm gonna call P.E. and let them know about this new exploit. You guys keep working on these. We need to know what we're up against, in case he walks away with the money. Wait, in case he... You mean they paid? Ten minutes ago. But between the work you're doing here and us tracking where that money goes, we're gonna show him the real meaning of the word "justice." What have we got? Just monitoring all the accounts. As soon as Justice moves one cent, we'll know about it. Good. He's gonna want a reward for all this hard work. And he'll do it sooner rather than later. Nelson! Nelson just left. I tried calling his cell phone. He's not answering. Do you know where he went? He didn't say. After he showed me how to burn the computer, what did he do when I left? He went back to work on his computer. Can you disable the keystroke loggers on these? No. We'll be able to see whatever he typed last. What is it? What did he type? A message to Justice. "Don't touch the money. "The Feds are onto you. "I still got your back. Meet me at our spot in an hour." (indistinct chatter) FBI! Show me your hands! Stand up slowly! Freeze! Don't move! Right hand only. Remove your headsets. Let them drop. Put your hands back up. (singsongy): Dude, we're being swatted! We didn't... we didn't do anything. Man : Clear! He's not here! Turn around. Down. Hey. Stay down. (handcuffs clicking) Where is he? Where is Justice? You're late. Had to make sure you came alone. No Feds hiding in the bushes. So, uh, you're behind all this, huh? You're Justice? Man, I almost told you earlier, all right? You kind of caught me off guard. Your probation officer got you looking into his cases or something? I mean, it's a part of my deal. I know a piece of my code was being used on the printers. I mean, anybody could have had it over the wire. Wasn't until you mentioned another device that can burn. That's when I remembered. The laptop. You found the article about blowing up the battery. We started that project together. I finished it. Nah, man. We were just messing around. Trying to make a few bucks selling exploits, that was it. Yeah, and we made ten million, son! Okay, so what now? You're gonna wire all the money to your bank account? What, you think they won't notice? You think this is a game. Listen, man, they will find you. I know these people. They won't stop until they do. Someone got hurt. Someone died... Hey! I didn't start those fires, all right? I just pointed out a major security flaw, and then handed them the bad guy using it. You don't get it, do you? You  are  the bad guy. Good guys don't do it for the money or the credit. They do it to protect innocent people. Elijah's tracking Nelson's Tesla since we couldn't locate his phone. Neither one of them's online. He disabled them both. Any luck figuring out where he sent that message to? Yeah, it was a text from his computer to a registered number. Which is weird, since Nelson knows we log everything on FBI-issued computers. Why not send the text from his phone? Because he didn't want to hide it. He just wanted to get a head start. So, what, Feds brainwashed you? You working for them now? It's like you said. You didn't start the fires. Now, look, if you just turn yourself in and give back the money, they might go easy on you, okay? (scoffs) All right. And what, cut me a deal like yours? Chained to a desk, chasing down some other hackers for minimum wage? Yeah. No thanks. I'll take my chances. I got a guy in the Deep Web willing to launder the money, ten cents on the dollar. They will still find you. So, what? That mean you don't want your cut? Huh? Two million dollars in Belize. You sure about this? You got my back, I got yours. Okay, I know it looks bad, but he left a digital trail for us to follow for a reason. Or he's playing us, and he's gonna disappear just like... Like Tobin? Black hats are hardwired to buck the system. Most can't be reformed. What do you want me to say, Elijah? I was wrong about Tobin. I will be wrong again. But I am not wrong about Nelson. I want you to be right, okay? I really do. But Tobin was another hacker we all trusted who betrayed us. I'm just saying, we have to be open to that possibility. Not everybody gets a second chance to do what's right, bro. It's not too late, man. Just think about what you're doing here, okay? Give it up already, all right?! I'm not down with this whole white hat hacker vibe you got going! Right, well you know what? Take it. I can't take the money. And I can't have your back no more neither. I'm sorry it had to go down like this, man. What the hell, man?! Something told me I was right to be nervous. Your hacker rep is ruined. You're done. I will make sure everyone knows you're working with the Feds. Yeah? Yeah, yeah, well, good. Because I got a new rep to protect, one that I'm proud of. Yeah? Yeah. Come here! Come here! Hey! Come here! Come here! (both grunting) (yells) (panting) (phone beeps) (beeping) We got a signal. His phone's back in the network. He wants us to find him. Let's go! (officers shouting, engines starting) (sirens wailing, tires screeching) FBI! Hands where I can see them! Hands up! Get your hands up! Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Listen! Down to the ground! Hey, look, look! Stay down! Stay down! (indistinct shouting) Stop! He's with us! You are with us, aren't you? Spread out! Clear the area! Yeah. He was my friend. I just had to know for sure. I wanted to give him another chance, like you gave me, but... he didn't want it. Mundo : Where is he now? Tell me you didn't let him get away. No, I didn't let him get away. I knew if things got heated, he'd want my old exploits, so I put a tracking chip on my flash drive. We're gonna show him the real meaning of the word "justice." ♪ ♪ Look, when he gets a closer look, he'll figure it out, he'll kill the signal. We'll get there before he does. All right, we're on the move! Suspect is stationary at 83rd near Gardengrove! Look, I get it if you don't want me around anymore. Can you do me a favor? Can you tell the judge who set us up that I helped solve the case? Look, Avery, I'm a cyber-snitch now. I can't go to jail. Nelson, you're not a snitch. You work for the FBI. We are a team. But we all need to know what play is being called. Okay? Okay? Okay. Let's go get this guy. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Vanilla chai latte, extra vanilla. Thank you. I really appreciate you coming, Devon. Look, Elijah, I get... that this is not ideal. I want us to start over again. What? You and me. I want to try again. Don't say something you don't mean. I do mean it. And I know it's selfish, and I-I know it's sudden, but I realized I don't want Michelle to go. Elijah, don't... I don't want  you  to go. I want us to be us again. But better. I want to be better. I don't... Devon, please... don't go. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 