Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x14 - In The Dark - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x14 - In The Dark https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40977 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/24/20 08:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x14 - In The Dark 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Designated Survivor... 
 I'm your older brother. 
 I'm supposed to help you get through things. 
 Whatever I think happened doesn't matter anymore. 
 - 'Cause we're family? 
 - Yeah. 
 If you're not sure about us... 
 - I don't know. 
 - I do. 
 When you do, give me a call. 
 Why am I wearing an ankle bracelet when I'm helping? 
 It's that or a 30-year term for espionage. 
 The knowledge that Damian has belongs to us. 
 If anything happens to him, you will regret it. 
 You leaked intel to Valeria that I was alive to see if the Russians wanted me dead. 
 They didn't. 
 They knew you could help us solve the hack. 
 Which is why the hacker wanted you dead. 
 Senator, what qualities do you possess that would make you a great vice president? 
 The question is, sir, what qualities don't I have? 
 Why don't we talk about my agenda? 
 I'll champion it, of course. 
 What if I'm wrong? 
 Unconditional loyalty. 
 That's what you get from me. 
 As much as I appreciate the sentiment,  I'm interested in working with someone who would feel comfortable  about being able to tell me when they think I'm wrong. 
 Well, I can do that, sir. 
 I'd tinker with an aspect or two of your tax plan. 
 Perhaps tweak your Mid East policy. 
 I'd also like to take a crack at reprioritizing your domestic agenda. 
 Health care, welfare, family leave. 
 Your budget needs a complete overhaul. 
 Your slate of judicial nominees is weak. 
 And your foreign policy, sir... 
 It's more of an ad hoc lump of shifting positions than a policy, isn't it? 
 Well, Senator Alexander wants to move into my office. 
 Governor Sinclair's a walking rubber stamp. 
 And Congressman Sharpe wants to take a blowtorch to my agenda. 
 None of the three candidates are perfect. 
 We'll stipulate to that. 
 But they all bring something important to the table. 
 Experience. 
 The ability to expand your base. 
 You're both focused on the politics. 
 You're missing the point. 
 The point is we don't need to have a vice president right now. 
 The line of succession to the presidency is already in place. 
 The Speaker of the House. 
 The president of the Senate. 
 Both have been elected to their position. 
 Both have earned their right to serve,  unlike anyone I can simply appoint. 
 Agreed. 
 But having a VP serves another agenda. 
 To help you govern. 
 Tyler, Fillmore, Johnson... 
 Andrew, not Lyndon. 
 And Arthur. 
 All succeeded presidents who died while they were in office. 
 Not one of them appointed a VP. 
 And not one of them is on American currency. 
 Except for Johnson. 
 He was on a commemorative dollar. 
 And he was impeached. 
 The first man that I appointed vice president  was involved in a massive conspiracy  that almost brought our country down and cost me my life. 
 We're gonna get this right. 
 We're gonna wait until we find the perfect candidate. 
 Respectfully, Mr. 
 President, we can't. 
 Vetting's been a slow crawl for months. 
 The Journal caught wind of it. 
 They are publishing tomorrow. 
 You won't get a PR bounce if you name a VP after a piece like that. 
 You will look reactive and weak. 
 Lyor's right. 
 If you're going to do this, tonight is the night. 
 Then I suggest you both cast a wider net. 
 We have a few people on deck. 
 We'll get 'em in. 
 Okay, fine. 
 Where do we stand on the $ 600 billion bond payment owed to Japan at midnight? 
 The extension should be pro forma. 
 We're on our way to the State Department to get Minister Omono's sign off. 
 - Let's get that done now. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 The president needs to see Senator Givens and Secretary Aretsky later tonight. 
 - I'll set it up. 
 - Good. 
 Mr. 
 Boone, my father's birthday is tonight. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I'm not getting him anything. 
 No, no, I'm saying that I wanted to see him. 
 Oh. 
 Yeah. 
 Uh, you can leave early. 
 - Thank you. 
 - Just come back after. 
 - So, midnight? 
 - Midnight is perfect. 
 Don't say I never do anything for you. 
 - Thank you. 
 - Mm-hmm. 
 - Ready? 
 - Kids today. 
 They have it so easy. 
 What? 
 You invite me to dinner then stand me up. 
 You act like you're the busiest guy in the world. 
 Trey, I am so sorry. 
 I'll get the kitchen to grill some rib eyes for us. 
 Tell me who killed JFK, all will be forgiven. 
 You'll have to work your way up to that. 
 You won't have to catch a late flight. 
 I'll organize transportation for the morning. 
 Uh, I wouldn't worry about that. 
 I'm moving to DC. 
 - Seriously? 
 - Yeah. 
 That's fantastic. 
 You worked everything out with Braniff Securities? 
 Yep. 
 They told me not to let the door hit me in the ass on the way out. 
 Trey, I'm so sorry. 
 No, it's okay. 
 I need a change of scenery. 
 Well, you want to be vice president? 
 Depends. 
 Do I actually have to do anything? 
 So, you want a forbearance? 
 Yes. 
 A six-month roll-over on $600 billion of T-bonds that have come due. 
 I've worked with Lyor. 
 He knows how strong the friendship between our two countries is. 
 Indeed. 
 He also knows that I speak my mind. 
 Oh, yes. 
 Japan has more than a trillion dollars invested in your country. 
 You're seeing an excellent return on that. 
 Hmm. 
 What we are seeing is interest payments, not principal. 
 And we worry we never will. 
 The United States of America has never defaulted. 
 Yet. 
 But your national-debt clock is never going to reverse. 
 And Japan is never gonna be a world power again. 
 So what? 
 Uh, what Lyor is trying to say... 
 We are requesting a courtesy from an ally. 
 An ally who gladly accepts our unwavering military protection. 
 Who escaped its fate as a backwater  thanks to the generosity of our post-war reconstruction. 
 - Outrageous. 
 - Who should know better  than to send a guy who spends every free moment vacationing in our country  to lecture us on our economy. 
 I think the words you're looking for are "domo arigato."  Really? 
 You can't talk to the Japanese finance minister like that. 
 You know the most popular pizza topping in Japan is squid? 
 We've left this late. 
 If we don't get this extension, we're gonna default. 
 And you provoke him? 
 - Squid on pizza is a provocation. 
 - Lyor. 
 Relax. 
 Takuzo is an old friend. 
 We'll get the deferral before midnight. 
 Along with a bottle  of premium Hokkaido sake. 
 Which is all yours. 
 I don't touch the stuff. 
 I don't know why I let you out of your cage. 
 Seriously. 
 Get me the president. 
 My call just dropped. 
 Elevator's probably blocking the signal. 
 It's not the signal. 
 I'm getting a no-service indication. 
 Whoa! 
 That's mildly disconcerting. 
 Oh! 
 This a good time to mention my low blood sugar. 
 Someone! 
 Somebody! 
 Has Damian been any help? 
 None. 
 He's under lock and key at the safe house. 
 The key is Alan Turing. 
 Alan Turing? 
 Who's that? 
 Is that a serious question? 
 He invented the computer, Hannah. 
 And I care because? 
 There was a code embedded in all the hacks. 
 0-6-2-3-1-9-1-2. 
 So I looked at it every which way... 
 ...and one arrangement jumped out. 
 Turing's birthday. 
 June 23rd, 1912. 
 What does that have to do with anything? 
 I don't know yet. 
 Damian's ankle bracelet. 
 - I lost his signal. 
 - How? 
 His transponder is routed through satellites. 
 The only way we wouldn't be receiving a signal... 
 is if there was a massive power outage and the towers went out. 
 We lost him? 
 I'm going to the safe house. 
 Thanks. 
 No, thank you, Omar. 
 Did you know that when the Washington Monument was built in 1884,  it was the tallest man-made structure in the world? 
 Did you know you could brew beer out of bananas? 
 - That is more interesting. 
 - Yep. 
 - What was that? 
 - Must be some kind of power outage. 
 The generators just kicked in. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 Mr. 
 President, lights are down throughout the capital. 
 I'll get the mayor, the police chief and the public service chief on the horn. 
 Thank you, Mike. 
 Trey, I'm gonna have to take a... 
 - Rain check. 
 - Yeah, I'm sorry. 
 Hey, do you mind spending time with Penny? 
 - You got it. 
 - Thank you. 
 Chuck, I'm here. 
 The door's ajar, there's shattered glass in the parking lot. 
 I'm going in. 
 Hannah, wait for backup. 
 Chuck, we got an agent down. 
 Get me an ambulance. 
 Roger that. 
 Damian's gone. 
 The power grids are down throughout the metropolitan area. 
 Looks like a cyber-attack. 
 There's a signature embedded in this hack  that's similar to the space station and prison hacks,  but this one's next generation. 
 We're trying to solve it. 
 The concern is this could be the prelude to a larger attack. 
 It's large enough already. 
 A pattern's emerging. 
 Trying to undermine our institutions. 
 But to what end? 
 We won't know that until we know who's behind all this. 
 We've got our best people on it, Mr. President. 
 How's the White House fixed for power? 
 Backup generators are good for eight hours. 
 If the blackout drags on, we'll have to start rationing. 
 The press pool wants to know what's going on. 
 Tell them the lights went out. 
 - Uh, I think they're asking why, sir. 
 - So are we. 
 I'll detail the scope of the power outage and keep a damper on speculation as to why. 
 - Mr. President, the mayor's en route. 
 - Thank you. 
 - I want to see her as soon as she gets here. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Help! 
 Help! 
 Speaking of help, help me solve this. 
 Well, we're trapped between floors, which means no one can hear us. 
 There's no external power source, which means we can't get this rig started. 
 And this contraption's at least 60 years old,  which means there are no exterior ladders that could carry us to safety. 
 So what, precisely, would you like me to do? 
 Help! 
 Anybody! 
 Please! 
 Help! 
 - You haven't heard from Emily? 
 - No. 
 It's not like her and Lyor to be out of touch. 
 They were meeting with Minister Omono at State. 
 They probably got caught up in traffic on the way back. 
 Traffic lights are down. 
 Few miles can turn into few hours. 
 Yeah, and cell phones are down. 
 So, in Em's absence, you're acting Chief of Staff. 
 - Per the president. 
 - Back in the catbird seat. 
 How's it feel? 
 Like I want to see your statement on the blackout ASAP. 
 Meet the new boss. 
 Same as the old boss. 
 - What are you doing? 
 - Hey, Emily's not, uh... 
 Oh, Sasha, I was just, uh, leaving her a note. 
 - Uh, what is this? 
 - I don't know. 
 I do. 
 It's a limited edition copy of All the President's Men  - signed by Woodward and Bernstein. 
 - You shouldn't be here. 
 Emily isn't obsessed with Watergate. 
 But you know who is? 
 Me. 
 - Seth. 
 - Why would she get me this? 
 We're broken up. 
 Unless... 
 Oh, my God. 
 Our six-month anniversary. 
 - It's today, isn't it? 
 - You have to leave. 
 Now. 
 She never actually used the words "broken up."  She... 
 She said that she wasn't sure about us. 
 Not being sure is not the same as... as being broken up. 
 It's an expression of uncertainty and uncertainty doesn't toll anniversaries. 
 And stay out! 
 Let me get this straight: Damian predicted our NASA hack. 
 He's on the loose. 
 We've been waiting on him to cough up the intel,  and he coincidentally escapes  right before our power grid was taken down. 
 Aaron, I get it. 
 He could be responsible for everything. 
 - We are tracking him down. 
 - Tell us what you got, Chuck. 
 For starters, we think he stole the gun and the car of the agent he clocked. 
 He's either desperate or suicidal. 
 Normally, I'd be able to track him. 
 Every FBI car's got a beacon. 
 But the signal's routed through satellite. 
 With the cell towers out... 
 What about traffic cams? 
 They're solar-powered. 
 Right. 
 I can still access them. 
 I got something. 
 Last visual of the stolen car was 15 minutes ago. 
 An intersection near 2650 Wisconsin. 
 2650... 
 It's the Russian Embassy. 
 Keep on it, Chuck. 
 Mr. President. 
 Mayor, thank you for coming. 
 Thank you so much. 
 This is my national security advisor, Aaron Shore. 
 - Ma'am. 
 - Thank you. 
 - What's it like out there? 
 - Not good, sir. 
 Our public service commissioner has no idea what caused the outage. 
 The cause is not as important as fixing it. 
 How are you on essential services? 
 It's supposed to be 30 degrees tonight. 
 We're passing out blankets. 
 We're putting the elderly and the infirm in the few places with backup power. 
 What about the unrest? 
 DC's finest are on the job, but we are a city already on the edge. 
 We have a sanitation strike and a public hiring freeze. 
 Our unemployment rate is 50% above the national average. 
 - What can we do to help? 
 - Sir, I need a command center. 
 The power's down in City Hall. 
 If there is a government building with electricity you could... 
 I'll do you one better. 
 We'll set you up in the White House  so our people can coordinate. 
 We can monitor your progress, chip in where we can. 
 We'll set you up in the Truman Room. 
 Agent Ritter will show you. 
 - Mr. 
 President, thank you. 
 - Thank you, Mayor. 
 Right this way, Mayor. 
 Yeah? 
 Yes. 
 Thank you. 
 Kendra, what the hell happened? 
 The Japanese finance minister sent this demand letter. 
 They want the T-bonds paid. 
 No extension. 
 Do they provide an explanation? 
 They said the bonds are heavily invested in our power grids and infrastructure. 
 Tonight's blackout didn't exactly inspire confidence. 
 No. 
 The wire transfers have to originate from Treasury,  and their computers are down. 
 What the hell...? 
 That's not supposed to happen. 
 Unless we want to watch our national credit rating nosedive,  - we need an alt, and fast. 
 - A third-party payment. 
 No, the markets will see that as a weakness. 
 We're in a bind. 
 Whether we default or have a third-party make the payment,  - the Dow will react. 
 And not in a good way. 
 - Reach out to the SEC chairman. 
 See if he can hold off the opening bell, give us some time to try and solve this. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Thank you. 
 - I'll reassure congressional leadership. 
 - Thank you, Aaron. 
 You have a Valeria sighting yet? 
 No. 
 I waited outside the Russian Embassy for two hours,  then walked up to the guard shack and asked for her. 
 What'd they say? 
 I think it was Russian for "drop dead."  You may be able to tell that to Damian in English. 
 I got a beat on that stolen FBI car. 
 - Where? 
 - He was heading north. 
 The last photo was at a traffic cam on Garfield and 29th. 
 Then the photos stop. 
 I know the area. 
 I'm ten minutes out. 
 You try talking your way out of this, you son of a bitch. 
 Hey, Chuck, I got a visual on his car. 
 He wrecked it. 
 Yeah, but I don't have a visual on you. 
 Be careful. 
 - Drop the gun! 
 - Hannah, let me explain. 
 Drop the gun or I put one in your head. 
 Turn around. 
 On the ground. 
 Hands behind your back. 
 So you're a killer now too? 
 Hannah. 
 Why does he have my address? 
 Because he was going to kill you. 
 And I had to stop him. 
 The citywide blackout now enters hour two... 
 - Hey. 
 - Hey. 
 I wanted to say good night to Penny. 
 Oh, she's down for the count. 
 - Really? 
 - Yep. 
 - She ate all her veggies? 
 - Check. 
 Finished her homework? 
 Tom, I did everything on your list. 
 Fed her, checked her homework, fired M-80s off the balcony with her... 
 - Tucked her in with a bottle of tequila. 
 - Trey... 
 Fine. 
 I didn't check her homework. 
 Thank you. 
 - You okay? 
 - Aside from a blackout,  the Japanese calling in a $600 billion bond  and two of my senior staff who seem to have disappeared into the Bermuda Triangle. 
 So business as usual? 
 Yeah, something like that. 
 Thanks for holding down the fort. 
 I'll call you when Penny and I break into Langley. 
 Don't get caught. 
 ...remain calm, since the city is doing everything it can  to restore power as quickly as possible. 
 Police are reporting acts of vandalism and looting throughout the city. 
 No sign of restoring power. 
 Now we're getting reports of sporadic violence erupting around the city. 
 - What have you told the press? 
 - As little as possible. 
 Good man. 
 Any word from Emily and Lyor? 
 No, sir. 
 - You okay? 
 - Yeah. 
 Occam's razor. 
 Simplest explanation is they're hold up in traffic somewhere, having a laugh. 
 True. 
 What? 
 We have no electricity, so you're not jerry-rigging anything. 
 Except your likely electrocution. 
 If you hold the wrong wire when... 
 - At least I'm doing something. 
 - Yes, you are. 
 You're confusing motion for progress. 
 As per usual. 
 Excuse me? 
 You know, overkill. 
 It's your thing. 
 You micromanage the staff. 
 You put out three memos when one would do just fine. 
 I believe in rules. 
 You act like they don't apply to you. 
 Oh, well, they don't. 
 Thinkers get special dispensation. 
 Really? 
 What am I thinking right now? 
 - That is completely uncalled for. 
 - Okay, genius. 
 Think our way out of this. 
 Well, it's been a few hours and no one's come by yet. 
 So it could be a zombie apocalypse. 
 But more likely, it's after hours and the building is probably empty. 
 Yep. 
 There's only one thing left to do. 
 - Help! 
 Help! 
 - Help! 
 Anybody! 
 Someone! 
 Shh. 
 Wait. 
 Help! 
 On a cold March night, a blackout has left hundreds of thousands of DC residents  without heat or power. 
 Some have taken the law into their own hands  by looting and setting fires. 
 As the unrest grows, there are growing reports of scrimmages with police. 
 Aaron, what do you got? 
 Garfield Heights, Bellevue, Shipley Terrace. 
 Oh, my God. 
 And dozens hospitalized. 
 It's like a ticking time bomb. 
 What do you suggest? 
 As interim Chief of Staff or national security advisor? 
 Both. 
 As Chief of Staff, I'd say this is still a local matter. 
 We should give the mayor time to get her hands around it,  rather than infringe on her authority. 
 And as national security advisor? 
 I'd say we're one incident away from full-scale riots. 
 A loss of life. 
 I'd consider mobilizing the National Guard, sir. 
 Come with me. 
 Yes, Commissioner. 
 Yes, thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Please keep me informed. 
 - How's it going? 
 - Rough sledding. 
 We are distributing aid, but we are dealing with isolated pockets of violence. 
 They're more than isolated. 
 We have a tax base that barely covers our essential services. 
 When the government doesn't fulfill its end of the bargain  by keeping the lights on, all that frustration boils over. 
 Which is why I've decided to deploy DC's National Guard  get this under control before this gets out of hand. 
 Respectfully, that's a bad idea. 
 I don't understand. 
 You just said DC Metro's understaffed and overwhelmed. 
 Yes, but federalizing this is not the answer. 
 You'll alienate the public. 
 We will get a handle on this. 
 I just need a little more time. 
 Please. 
 Our nation's capital is dark. 
 The world is watching and Lady Liberty's light has gone out. 
 I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you've run out of time. 
 Okay, let's go over this again. 
 Why'd you escape? 
 The guy I shot was a contract killer. 
 His name's Ray Kinney. 
 You might know his brother, Lou. 
 Lou is the guy who tried to kill me. 
 The guy our mysterious hacker hired. 
 The guy you shot dead. 
 You've known this all along! 
 You've been sitting on this information. 
 - Why wouldn't you say anything? 
 - I'm wearing an ankle bracelet,  under house arrest. 
 If I told you the assassin's brother was gunning for you,  it's unlikely you'd have believed me. 
 - Who turned the lights out? 
 - I don't know. 
 Why did you go to the Russian Embassy? 
 That was personal, not business. 
 You're going to die in prison, Damian. 
 I know you don't trust me, Hannah, but think. 
 I stole a federal vehicle and wrapped it around a pole in an empty street. 
 Did it cross your mind that I wanted you to find me? 
 Why? 
 So you'd know I wasn't trying to escape. 
 I was protecting you. 
 Okay. 
 Assuming that any of that is true, how did Ray Kinney get my specs? 
 I may have an answer. 
 He dumped his burner phone. 
 He put in a call to Valeria Poriskova. 
 She could have hired him. 
 If Ray Kinney was working for the Russians,  Lou Kinney must have been working with them as well. 
 You're telling us Russia is responsible for the hack. 
 - No, Russia isn't. 
 - That's not how I do the math. 
 The brothers weren't working the same job. 
 Lou was hired by our anonymous hacker. 
 I was a target because of what I know. 
 Ray wanted payback for his brother's death. 
 Valeria hired him to kill two birds with one stone. 
 Why would Valeria Poriskova want me dead? 
 Do you really need to ask that question? 
 - Why did you go to see her? 
 - Can't tell you that, Hannah. 
 - Mr. President? 
 - What do you got, Mike? 
 
 
 
 Emily and Lyor were seen leaving the meeting with Omono around 7:00 p.m. 
 But their driver said they never made it back to the car. 
 That doesn't make sense. 
 - Where the hell are they? 
 - Maybe they took the metro. 
 There's still hundreds of people trapped underground. 
 You think two of my senior staff spontaneously decided to take the subway  - instead of their chauffeur-driven Escalades? 
 - It's more plausible than alien abduction. 
 - Keep looking, Mike. 
 I'm starting to worry. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 The duration, scale... 
 Half a roll of Mentos, some allergy medicine and lip balm. 
 I'll take some of those Mentos. 
 Oh, my battery's at 14%. 
 We'll need to use yours soon. 
 - No can do. 
 - Why not? 
 I checked mine with security  so it wouldn't go through the metal detector. 
 Radiation degrades the phone's circuitry. 
 I'm gonna die in a metal coffin with a lunatic. 
 There's nothin' to be afraid of. 
 You won't even know you're dead. 
 I'm not ready to check out. 
 Of course. 
 You have too much to accomplish. 
 And you can accomplish much, hmm. 
 - Hmm. 
 - What? 
 You'd have to avoid scandal, which shouldn't be a problem for you. 
 - You're fundamentally boring. 
 - Boring? 
 It's good. 
 You're uncontroversial. 
 Plus, educated, well-spoken. 
 Eh, you'd have to run for lower office first, obviously. 
 Congress, a statehouse, you know? 
 Can you pretend you know how to have a conversation with a human being? 
 I'm saying that you could be president. 
 - That's crazy. 
 - No, it's not. 
 You're the youngest Chief of Staff in history. 
 You're the first female one. 
 You have more policy chops than anyone except me. 
 You're mildly awkward, but in an endearing way  - that will actually draw voters. 
 - I'm not awkward. 
 Judgy, though. 
 That, we'd have to work on. 
 - You're being ridiculous. 
 - Judgy. 
 Lyor, I don't wanna be president. 
 Why not? 
 Because I'm just a kid from Akron. 
 You're a lot of things, Emily. 
 But "just a kid from Akron" isn't one of them. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How'd your meeting with the SEC commissioner go? 
 Bad. 
 He doesn't wanna politicize his job by delaying the opening bell. 
 So blackouts and loan defaults and rioting. 
 Oh, my. 
 What are you doing? 
 So Em and I... 
 It's our six-month anniversary. 
 Oh. 
 I... 
 I thought you two were broken up. 
 So did I. 
 But I guess we weren't. 
 But we will be when she figures out I forgot to get her something,  so I'm, uh... 
 I'm improvising. 
 - By getting her nutrition bars? 
 - She loves these. 
 Cranberry walnut. 
 Banana kale. 
 Low glycemic. 
 High in protein. 
 Seth, are you mental? 
 - Sorry? 
 - These bars are for people who count calories. 
 You give them to Emily as a gift, what's her takeaway? 
 Oh. 
 My point is, she just needs to know you're thinking of her. 
 Of course I am. 
 I think about her all the time. 
 Good. 
 So just get her something that doesn't make her think  she should make a beeline for the StairMaster. 
 Oh. 
 The unrest in Washington has worsened  as the police have mysteriously vanished,  leaving federal vehicles to patrol the streets  and an increasingly restive populace. 
 With DC police absent, there are now worries of an impending boiling point. 
 No, she didn't. 
 You pulled the police back? 
 On whose authority? 
 Give us the room, please. 
 Mine, sir. 
 DC Metro answers to me. 
 We're solving the same problem. 
 We should be working together. 
 Exactly. 
 But you're sending soldiers into low-income neighborhoods. 
 I know these people. 
 Turning the district into a militarized zone will only inflame them. 
 They need to know they have someone in power they can trust. 
 If that can't be you, then it has to be me. 
 I appreciate your insight,  but we both have to deal with the circumstance that we've been given. 
 The only way to keep a lid on this is to invoke martial law. 
 Your soldiers aren't enough? 
 You're gonna impose a curfew? 
 Suspend habeas corpus? 
 You'll restore order, but at what cost, sir? 
 - You'll be a dictator. 
 - I suggest you watch your tone. 
 And you better understand  that I will not tolerate the loss of life or destruction of property in my backyard! 
 I'm not asking you to, sir. 
 DC is all about local rule. 
 I can't be seen as if I'm colluding with the feds. 
 If you establish this us-versus-them mentality,  I will never be able to govern here. 
 From the looks of it, you're not governing now. 
 Pull your people back. 
 I'll mobilize the entire force. 
 Off-duty and volunteer officers. 
 I'll pull in the fire department,  institute strategic road closures. 
 Give my people one hour. 
 One hour, Mr. 
 President, to see if they can put a lid on things. 
 And if they can't? 
 Then you lock down our city. 
 You've got one hour. 
 - Aaron! 
 - What is it? 
 The hack on the power grid. 
 Turing's birth date. 
 - Maybe it's call and response. 
 - What? 
 Alan Turing's death date. 
 0-6-0-7-1-9-5-4. 
 If I'm right,  it could unlock a binary polynomial in the power grid's OS,  allowing us to extract the polluted code that shut it down. 
 Reboot the system. 
 Restore the status quo. 
 Try that. 
 This is Chuck Russink. 
 Get me the electric company's chief engineer. 
 - Mr. President. 
 - Thank you. 
 Mr. President, I'm sorry I'm so late. 
 The traffic lights were out. 
 I understand. 
 Thank you for getting here on such short notice. 
 Please. 
 I have to be honest. 
 I'm a little confused by your country's reluctance to extend the due date  for your T-bonds. 
 Of course, that's your choice. 
 But given the circumstances in the district tonight,  I was hoping, without offending you, if I could make a personal plea? 
 There's no need, Mr. President. 
 Your brother already persuaded me. 
 My brother? 
 Yes. 
 I've known Trey for a long time. 
 His company did a public offering on the Nikkei a few years ago,  when I was a regulator. 
 I trust him. 
 So when he reached out to me, he made a good point. 
 Which was? 
 That by extending the bonds, my country wasn't betting on your economy. 
 It was betting on you. 
 I see. 
 Trey said Tom Kirkman is someone who has faced long odds  and come through every time. 
 Someone whose word is his bond. 
 And we agree. 
 Minister Omono, I am honored. 
 Thank you. 
 - Mr. President. 
 - Let me show you out. 
 Sir. 
 Sir, the mayor needs you. 
 Okay. 
 These videos were taken a few minutes ago,  showing a widespread chaos in the nation's capital  with the district police nowhere to be seen. 
 We failed, sir. 
 - So calm has not been restored? 
 - No, sir. 
 The police are doing what they can, but looting is spreading and I fear riots. 
 Mayor, you did the best you could. 
 Unfortunately, I don't see an alternative to martial law. 
 Yes, but it's an indictment of the city. 
 Of the residents. 
 And if we don't rebuild trust,  I don't think my community will soon recover. 
 I'm sorry, you just said "my community."  - You actually live in Bellevue? 
 - Yes, sir, I do. 
 So it really is your community. 
 Perhaps that's all we need to do. 
 Remind people of that. 
 That it's their community. 
 - Sir? 
 - Mike, could you protect the mayor and me? 
 Sir, if you intend... 
 I understand your concerns, but I need your honest evaluation. 
 We'd need to send out advance teams,  vet the locations, but we could sanitize things. 
 Thank you. 
 Mayor, you up for some old-fashioned retail politics? 
 Lead on, Mr. President. 
 Good. 
 This shelter will be providing water, blankets and baby food. 
 It will be restocked until the power's been restored. 
 Get the damn lights back on! 
 I promise you, sir, we're workin' on it. 
 There are 680,000 people in this district. 
 Do you know what I told the president about each one of them? 
 That there's no city in the country whose residents are more proud. 
 And do you know what he told me? 
 As a city, we're simply neighbors. 
 Neighbors who support each other, pull for each other. 
 No one knows this more than Mayor Darby,  because she doesn't just represent this community, she's a member of it. 
 She lives here. 
 And as long as you have each other's backs,  the president and I can promise you one thing. 
 We'll have yours. 
 And that's not just politics as usual, it's common sense. 
 We all need each other to work together to make our home better. 
 And this is our home. 
 I'm not leaving and neither is she. 
 So we'll make you a deal. 
 We'll roll up our sleeves if you will. 
 - Can I have another Mento? 
 - No. 
 Fine. 
 Oh, just the African violet ones, please. 
 You mean purple? 
 No, African violet. 
 Oh. 
 Why are you such a pain in the ass about everything? 
 - You mean precise? 
 - I mean annoying. 
 When I was ten, I did a project on Ancient Greece. 
 I researched it for months. 
 I learned conversational Greek, actually. 
 And my work culminated in a scale model of the Acropolis,  right down to the number of steps on the Parthenon. 
 Wow. 
 Yeah. 
 And I showed my dad. 
 He was this famous antiquities scholar. 
 And he spent hours silently examining it. 
 And you know what he said? 
 "My kid's a freaking genius"? 
 That I had confused the Ionic architecture of the columns with the Doric style,  thus rendering my project "a largely inaccurate facsimile."  I'm sorry. 
 Don't be. 
 That was the nicest thing he ever said to me. 
 It's his idea of a compliment. 
 That his ten-year-old son was only guilty of being largely inaccurate. 
 So when I ask you for that color Mento, it's not purple... 
 or amaranth or magenta. 
 It's African violet. 
 One African violet Mento for my good friend Lyor. 
 Not after you've touched it. 
 Oh, thank God! 
 Congratulations, Mayor! 
 Thank you, Mr. President! 
 Thank you! 
 Great job! 
 We got our lights! 
 They did it. 
 They won them back. 
 You believe that this is actually working? 
 Yep. 
 Most def. 
 Yeah. 
 Me too. 
 Me too. 
 Good morning. 
 The blackout that affected our city is now over,  thanks to the incredible cooperation between local and federal governments. 
 Now I have to say, through last night's experience,  I think I've learned how to add a little light to my administration. 
 We are all too well aware of the tragic and treasonous circumstances  that surrounded Vice President MacLeish. 
 Those circumstances left me uncertain about how to fill that role. 
 I wanted someone with clarity of thought and a sense of purpose. 
 Someone who would speak their mind and challenge me to become a better leader. 
 Someone who understood there is a time  when principled opposition needs to give way for the greater good. 
 And to be honest,  I did not think I would find that candidate. 
 But I was wrong. 
 So it is with great pleasure and pride that I introduce to you  my nominee for vice president of the United States of America,  Mayor Ellenor Darby. 
 A bad day with a good ending. 
 Yep. 
 Hey, uh, speaking of good ending,  - I, uh... 
 I got you something. 
 - What? 
 I know you thought that I forgot our anniversary,  but, um, I didn't. 
 Um... 
 Tickets to Bon Iver. 
 Carmen. 
 The menu from Minibar. 
 These are things we missed because of work. 
 Except I didn't miss 'em. 
 I heard every song with you, shared every dish. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 Mr. Speaker, I'm glad you share our enthusiasm for Mayor Darby. 
 Thank you. 
 Okay. 
 Goodbye. 
 Sir, I have your brother. 
 Please send him in. 
 You look like hell. 
 You should see what I look like after a busy day. 
 The good news is when this gig's done, you'll be highly employable. 
 Trey, you lied to me. 
 Fine. 
 Somewhat employable. 
 I know you weren't fired. 
 You quit. 
 I talked to the managing director of Braniff Securities. 
 I wanted to be here. 
 With you and the kids. 
 If I said I was quitting to move down here... 
 I'd have talked you out of it. 
 Exactly. 
 'Cause you're my big brother. 
 Here's the thing. 
 It can't be just you looking out for me anymore. 
 I wanna pitch in. 
 You already have. 
 Thank you for what you said to the Japanese minister. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm not used to you lookin' out for me. 
 I know. 
 But think of it this way. 
 The door swings both ways. 
 I babysit Penny, you bail me out of a Turkish prison. 
 That would be an abuse of this office. 
 Thai prison? 
 Let's eat. 
 I don't like being summoned. 
 Then I'll keep it brief. 
 I know you tried to have me killed. 
 And I know Damian came to see you. 
 And I will find out why. 
 It was about you. 
 He asked me not to kill you. 
 But I don't listen to Damian. 
 No. 
 But you should listen to me. 
 If you ever try to take me out again, you better not miss. 
 Because I won't. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 