Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Suckers - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Suckers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40943 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/22/20 06:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Suckers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Designated Survivor"... 
 Did you and Damian break into a storage unit? 
 Yeah. 
 I can't run interference for someone who works for another government. 
 - Wells. 
 - No. 
 I'm gonna walk you out. 
 I'm touched. 
 You find it plausible that a contractor  would think that my mother was the right person to bribe? 
 - We have circumstantial evidence. 
 - That my mother is a criminal? 
 Did you accept a bribe? 
 Yes. 
 It's a 30-year-old transgression that your mom made  in an effort to save her husband. 
 People will understand that. 
 It's an FBI subpoena. 
 It's for your mother. 
 The scourge of gun violence afflicts millions. 
 And nation-states that sit idly by while their citizens traffic in this evil  aren't merely complicit. 
 They're agents, merchants of death. 
 Hello? 
 Is someone there? 
 Up the wing. 
 Up the wing. 
 He's offside! 
 He's offside! 
 Watch it. 
 Watch it. 
 Take the shot! 
 Over here! 
 Over here! 
 Check! 
 Check him! 
 - Oh! 
 - Oh! 
 Are you all right, sir? 
 That's the best you got, Senator? 
 I thought they bred hockey players up there in Minnesota. 
 Center! 
 Right here. 
 All right, pass it. 
 My point is that this financial scam didn't just hit the rich. 
 It wiped out hundreds of thousands of state employee pensions. 
 $8 billion in savings, gone, up in smoke. 
 You want me to support your pension bailout bill. 
 But my party does not believe in bailouts. 
 We believe in individual responsibility. 
 Until it's time to bail out Wall Street and the banks. 
 Then the Republicans are all for it. 
 You have a sponsor for the bill. 
 A Democratic sponsor. 
 We need bipartisan support to get it across the finish line. 
 Come on, Alan. 
 That's why we're here. 
 Government exists to help people who can't help themselves. 
 That is not government, sir. 
 - That i-is charity. 
 - Fine. 
 Then I'll make a stipulation that the American people are suckers. 
 Come on, how long have we been playing hockey together... 
 three years? 
 I've never even asked you to cross-check someone for me. 
 I understand. 
 But, sir, this... 
 this is a big ask. 
 Then don't do it for me. 
 Do it for your own conscience. 
 Barton Cushing's swindle is gonna cost the American people $31 billion. 
 We're facing a potential run on the banks. 
 Markets are teetering on free-fall. 
 If we don't shore up consumer confidence,  we might as well just jump headfirst into the abyss. 
 - I'll run it up the flagpole. 
 - Thank you. 
 I appreciate it. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Good game. 
 Good game, sir. 
 Sir, a member of Parliament was just murdered in Rock Creek Park. 
 I have the British Prime Minister for you. 
 Madam Prime Minister... 
 Why was a Member of Parliament jogging in Rock Creek Park this morning? 
 Charlotte Thorn was the British rep at this week's G-20 conference. 
 They were touting her as a future P.M. 
 What do we know about this? 
 Well, right now, not much. 
 One to the head while she was jogging. 
 D.C. Metro says there's no witnesses. 
 - Did she have any enemies? 
 - Oh, plenty. 
 She was outspoken on everything,  from women's rights to illegal arms dealing to corporate responsibility. 
 You name it. 
 Well, we're already fielding calls about safety concerns  from jumpy foreign leaders that are threatening  to pull out of the G-20 conference. 
 No. 
 That can't happen. 
 Not when the Kirkman agenda  is to take a bigger role on the international stage  with the IMF, the environment, arms control. 
 We need this. 
 - All right, I'll keep you posted. 
 - Thank you. 
 Well, 10 Downing's all over this. 
 They want their best guy on it. 
 I know. 
 You're speechless. 
 Just take a moment, you know, gather your thoughts,  and when you work out what you're gonna say... 
 - You again? 
 - Such a wordsmith. 
 So, it turns out you're only persona non grata on this side of the pond  until they need your expertise. 
 Chuck over there has been sharing his. 
 Yeah. 
 Thorn's upcoming speech to the G-20 was leaked on the Internet. 
 Wow. 
 She really is going after illegal arms dealers. 
 And their state sponsors. 
 - She was going to name names. 
 - You know, the G-20 summit  used to be about global economics. 
 Now everybody's talking about gun violence in America. 
 Well, in England, we're talking about our brightest candle  - being snuffed out in America. 
 - I just heard from D.C. Metro. 
 They found a 9 mm shell casing at the scene. 
 All right, let's start at the British Embassy. 
 - I got us an appointment there at noon. 
 - I got us in at 10:00. 
 Tally ho, Agent Wells. 
 President Dietrich, I assure you,  every attendee will have their own Secret Service detail now,  and we've widened the presence of the FBI and the police around the city. 
 Your delegate has nothing to worry about. 
 Yes, sir, of course. 
 I understand. 
 Thank you. 
 Goodbye. 
 I'm sorry about Charlotte Thorn. 
 I really liked her. 
 Me, too. 
 Have you made a decision about a lawyer for your mother? 
 What about McKinley and Bradshaw? 
 - They're a great firm. 
 - Their white-collar practice  isn't as big as it used to be, but... 
 Davenport and Williams? 
 They got a full acquittal for Senator Downing. 
 But that place is a Republican stronghold. 
 Alex, any one of these firms will do a great job. 
 But you know my recommendation. 
 - Kendra Daynes. 
 - Present company excluded,  she's the best lawyer I know. 
 With the added benefit that she's easy to find. 
 The way she handled Hannah's investigation,  it just... it rubbed me the wrong way. 
 Wasn't it you who once told me that that's what  a good lawyer's supposed to do: rub you the wrong way? 
 That's how you know they're doing their job? 
 - Ah... 
 - Sir. 
 Victims' rights advocate Alice Roland is here. 
 Thank you. 
 Alex, please. 
 Just call her. 
 - Everybody, please sit. 
 - Mr. President. 
 Alice, it's nice to see you again. 
 We appreciate your meeting with us again, sir. 
 - But the people that I represent... 
 - I know. 
 - They want action, not just words. 
 - What they want is their money back. 
 And as long as I'm their advocate, I don't intend to rest until I get it. 
 And I share your desire, which is why I've met with all of you  three times over the last four months. 
 Three times, because we're not making any progress. 
 It might not seem like it to you, but I promise you, we are making progress. 
 Not fast enough, sir. 
 The fat cats that got screwed by Barton Cushing will survive. 
 But the beneficiaries of the compromised state pension funds,  they need this money to live. 
 They're teachers, firefighters, secretaries... 
 The backbone of America. 
 And I am trying to get relief for all of them. 
 Trying is not the same as getting. 
 I'm sorry, Mr. President. 
 These people don't want to work until they're 75. 
 They want to be able to take a vacation,  pay for their healthcare, enjoy their golden years. 
 I know you're frustrated. 
 I am, too. 
 But I need you to trust me. 
 And we are closer than you think. 
 So Halloween's just around the corner. 
 - You know what I don't like? 
 - Candy? 
 Tricks. 
 I do like treats, though. 
 And a great treat would be confirmation  of the President's slate of judicial nominees. 
 I laid the groundwork for your meeting  with Senator Krantz from the Judiciary Committee. 
 - She promised a rubber stamp. 
 - Good. 
 Hey, Halloween's coming up. 
 Did she give you the whole trick or treat spiel? 
 Yes. 
 She doesn't like tricks. 
 - No, she doesn't like candy. 
 - I like candy fine. 
 No. 
 Only Necco Wafers. 
 The pink ones. 
 Okay, Willy Wonka, are you ready for your auto exec meeting? 
 Yep. 
 Ready to hawk the President's Clean Air Initiative. 
 - Only one problem. 
 - What? 
 - I don't know what the hell I'm doing. 
 - You're a senior staffer  pitching in on the policy side because we're short-handed. 
 Suck it up. 
 More like I'm gonna blow. 
 Lyor, did you know that... 
 If you do the Halloween thing again, I'll murder you with an axe. 
 - Bet I know what he's dressing as. 
 - Dead man walking, actually,  which is what we're all gonna be in five minutes. 
 - Why? 
 - Carson Kramer. 
 We need to find the President. 
 Senator Rouse, I just want to thank you forjoining us. 
 Of course. 
 Senator, you've been highly critical  of what you term "government handouts."  So, what about the pension bailout bill? 
 Another handout. 
 - But the President's a big proponent. 
 - Yes. 
 And, um, to be frank, I'm not quite sure why. 
 I met with him to discuss it, and... 
 he called the American people... suckers. 
 Excuse me, Senator. 
 He said what? 
 His exact words were,  "I'll make a stipulation  that the American people are suckers."  Wow. 
 It looks like the President's the one who may need a bailout. 
 Yes, Carson. 
 I was pretty shocked when I heard that myself. 
 That disloyal, treacherous, lying... 
 He wasn't lying. 
 Sir? 
 He betrayed my confidence. 
 He took me out of context. 
 - But he wasn't lying. 
 - It doesn't matter. 
 Sir, you have a very distinct brand. 
 You're Honest Tom. 
 Man of the people. 
 - If that's compromised... 
 - Lyor's right, Mr. President. 
 This goes to your core identity. 
 We can't spin this. 
 Exactly, 'cause it's a middle finger aimed squarely at your base. 
 And I don't like to traffic in overstatement, sir. 
 If this sticks, it's political Armageddon. 
 Mr. 
 President, you have calls  from the Senate Minority and Majority Leaders,  the House Speaker, and the House Minority Leader. 
 The Four Horsemen of the apocalypse. 
 Put them through. 
 One at a time, please. 
 We are working with the British government to investigate M.P. 
 Thorn's murder. 
 And we'll have another update for you as soon as one is warranted. 
 Yes? 
 - What about Senator Rouse? 
 - I have no comment about Senator Rouse. 
 So you're not denying the President said... 
 Once again, folks, the conversation  that the President had with Senator Rouse was a private one. 
 You know I don't comment on the President's private conversations. 
 Meaning you're not issuing a denial. 
 How did you just misconstrue everything I just said? 
 - How did I misconstrue it? 
 - You understand misconstruction, Natalie. 
 - I've read your pieces. 
 - Come on, Seth. 
 You got to give us something. 
 And if you're not commenting on private conversations,  can you speak as to the follow-up from Suckergate? 
 Don't call it a gate, Carla. 
 It's not a gate. 
 Look, the President's record speaks for itself in terms of the esteem that  - he holds for the American people. 
 - Are you saying Senator Rouse is lying? 
 You can assure your constituents that word does not reflect  how I feel about them, Mr. 
 Speaker. 
 Of course. 
 Thank you. 
 Goodbye. 
 They're calling it Suckergate, sir. 
 Suckergate. 
 There are no good gates. 
 Not Watergate, not Irangate, not... 
 I think we should just go about our business. 
 All due respect, sir, we can't. 
 This will have a knock-on effect. 
 You need to issue a strong denial. 
 - I can't. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 You can. 
 If the President says he didn't say something, it was never said. 
 I'm not gonna start fighting distortions with falsehoods. 
 Besides, you said I had a good reputation because I was honest. 
 - Now you want me to start lying? 
 - Yes, to preserve that reputation. 
 - You heard what you just said, right? 
 - Sir, I see Lyor's point. 
 - Our options here are very limited. 
 - Well, I've got one. 
 I'll sit down with Senator Rouse. 
 He's a good and honorable man. 
 I consider him a friend. 
 We'll sort this thing out. 
 - I'll set it up. 
 - Thank you. 
 If you'd have told me he was this honest,  - I never would have taken this job. 
 - You realize that's bananas, right? 
 I don't like scruples. 
 They're impractical. 
 His scruples are the reason why everyone in this building  - would have run through a wall for him. 
 - Tell me that when our agenda's dead  because America thinks the President is an elitist hypocrite. 
 Aaron says he'll have an update on the Thorn investigation shortly. 
 And, per your request, I moved up your meeting on judicial appointments  - with Senator Krantz. 
 - Good. 
 We need a win. 
 - I want to talk to you about the lobby. 
 - Okay. 
 There are candies there. 
 Hard candies. 
 Some might call them "suckers."  And, so, I wondered if I should remove them. 
 - You're kidding, right? 
 - Right. 
 Remove them immediately. 
 I asked Ms. 
 Thorn not to go out without a security detail. 
 - But she wouldn't listen to me. 
 - Have there been threats? 
 All the time. 
 As Embassy Security head,  I can't protect those who won't listen. 
 We read Ms. Thorn's speech. 
 It seems she was going after arms dealers this time. 
 Yes, I wanted her to tone it down. 
 But she turned it up. 
 Ms. Lane, you were her aide for six years. 
 Is there anyone in particular she crossed swords with? 
 Darius Cray. 
 A British importer-exporter. 
 Well, that's a cover for arms dealing. 
 He supplies half the African conflicts. 
 He's on most of Europe's no-fly lists. 
 But he's running amok in America. 
 I didn't see his name in the speech. 
 That's because he called me a few days ago. 
 Warned me that Charlotte had better not identify him. 
 His was the one name I convinced her to pull out. 
 I'm betting he thought she was going to put it back in. 
 He sounds like a good place to start. 
 Where is he? 
 In town, thankfully enough. 
 At the Gallagher. 
 But we've already reached out. 
 He's not answering questions. 
 Well, people like that, you just need to know how to ask. 
 Excuse me. 
 I didn't order this. 
 Actually, we're here to talk about what you ordered. 
 We need to ask you a few questions about Charlotte Thorn, Mr. 
 Cray. 
 I am eating lunch with my husband. 
 Catherine, I'll see you back in the room. 
 I never met Charlotte Thorn. 
 Acquainted only by reputation then? 
 Because she sure had one for getting under your skin. 
 Yes, slander was a speciality of hers. 
 I didn't appreciate it. 
 What are you doing in town, sir? 
 G-20 conference. 
 A good place to ply my trade. 
 Legal trade. 
 - Not according to Ms. Thorn. 
 - Ergo the slander. 
 - Did you threaten her? 
 - Only with lawsuits. 
 I have a $100-million legitimate munitions business. 
 I pay taxes. 
 I abide by all the applicable laws. 
 Yet some people insist on turning me into this bogeyman. 
 Well, here's the thing. 
 We're not D.C. Metro and we're not State. 
 And you can't brush us off with some canned statement. 
 Tell us where you were at 6:00 this morning, we'll leave you alone. 
 No, you'll leave me alone now. 
 I have the best lawyers in the city on a retainer. 
 Ambush me again,  and I'll sue you for harassment. 
 Think we flushed him out? 
 Well, I guess we'll find out soon enough. 
 14 long-standing vacancies on the federal appellate bench,  it's a national embarrassment. 
 Addressing that is an administration priority. 
 Our slate of candidates is moderate,  specifically chosen to achieve broad bipartisan support. 
 We're reaching across party lines. 
 - We wish we could reach back. 
 - Why can't you? 
 When we had preliminary discussions about judges,  the President was in a very different position. 
 His centrist politics were gathering steam. 
 We thought he was a man who should be listened to. 
 Well, he is. 
 He's the President. 
 - Of a country of suckers. 
 - Really, Senator Krantz... 
 I know how that remark played out in my state. 
 Not as bad as my following his lead now will play. 
 Senator, put politics aside for a second. 
 You're an attorney. 
 You know every name on our list is eminently qualified. 
 Yes. 
 But so are these. 
 None of these people have President Kirkman's endorsement. 
 Exactly. 
 So none of them are toxic. 
 Let me know what you think. 
 I think I hate lawyers. 
 I think my mother's subpoena is prosecutorial bad face. 
 How do you figure, ma'am? 
 There's no evidence of any contemporary wrongdoing. 
 And this attempt to tie her into some conspiracy involving bribery  in Eric Little's recent d... 
 I mean, it's ridiculous. 
 Agreed. 
 But you need to keep emotion out of it. 
 - We're talking about my mother... 
 - I understand. 
 But John Foerstel is a former U.S. Attorney. 
 He will use your emotion against you. 
 As proof that we're trying to hide something. 
 Yes. 
 Which is why I'd like to be clinical. 
 Sticking to the four corners of the document  is our best hope of quashing the subpoena. 
 I need to know my family is protected. 
 And I just haven't seen enough evidence from you  that you really understand that. 
 I do, ma'am. 
 And I've represented 11 senators  who have been targets of a criminal investigation. 
 Not a single one was indicted. 
 I'm experienced. 
 And I'm good. 
 What do you need from me? 
 Just your trust. 
 Let me do what I do. 
 And I'll keep you posted. 
 - Alan. 
 - Mr. President. 
 I was just explaining to Lyor and Emily how we are friends. 
 And I have to be honest. 
 When among friends, there is an expectation  - that what one says remains private. 
 - I'm sorry if I violated that expectation. 
 Well, you did. 
 And I need you to set the record straight. 
 Well, I'm sorry, sir. 
 I didn't lie. 
 So I can't issue a retraction. 
 I'm not asking you to. 
 I just want you to provide the full context of our discussion. 
 Which was me asking you to sign on to a bill  that I thought would be helpful to the average American. 
 An overture you portrayed  as the President's contempt for average Americans. 
 Alan, I know you don't believe that,  but I can't have the American people believing that, either. 
 I'm sorry, sir, I-I can't help you. 
 You may wish to reconsider that position, Senator. 
 No, Ms. 
 Rhodes, I don't think so. 
 You say you're not a politician, then you coerce me into backing a bill... 
 Asking you for your support is hardly coercion! 
 It is if the person asking is the President, sir. 
 But more to the point, I have an obligation I owe to my constituents. 
 Which should include an obligation  not to misrepresent the President's words. 
 I stood up to those words. 
 My office received over 1,500 calls today thanking me for that. 
 I cannot defend you, sir. 
 Senator, I'm not asking you for your defense. 
 I'm asking you for your honesty. 
 You're out there portraying me as an enemy of the people. 
 That stops now! 
 With respect, sir, if you don't want to be the people's enemy,  you need to start talking about them as if they were your friends. 
 I'll see myself out. 
 Well, who would have thought it? 
 Homespun Tom Kirkman, an elitist snob. 
 He didn'tjust put his foot in his mouth on this one. 
 He put his whole leg. 
 Who's the sucker now, Mr. President? 
 And we're already seeing the fallout from... 
 Yeah. 
 So, in the last eight hours,  we've lost congressional support for our judicial slate. 
 Your pension-bailout bill; that's gone belly up. 
 And the only topic of conversation at the G-20 conference  - is the murder rate in America. 
 - What's the press coverage? 
 Uh, the Post and the Journal have hit out at you over Suckergate. 
 The Times is running an op-ed  on the Administration's failure to rein in arms dealers. 
 We're looking at a perfect storm, sir. 
 So, we have to take emergency action. 
 Finding Thorn's killer, that's part of the solution. 
 The other part is cauterizing Suckergate. 
 Look, I understand we've taken a hit for this thing... 
 No, no, sir. 
 It's much more than that. 
 This thing, it's made you radioactive. 
 - And the fallout's just gonna get worse. 
 - Fine. 
 What do you suggest? 
 Oppo research on Senator Rouse. 
 It's a silver bullet. 
 It'll stop the bleeding. 
 Lyor, bullets don't stop bleeding. 
 They start it. 
 We need to stabilize your base, sir. 
 If I go down this road, there's no turning back. 
 - We will find another way. 
 - Mr. President... 
 We will find another way. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Seth? 
 I need a minute. 
 I have nothing else to say about Suckergate, Tiffany. 
 Good. 
 Because I wanted to ask about a subpoena. 
 What subpoena? 
 One a source tells me was issued to the White House  in connection with an investigation into Icarus Astrotech. 
 - To whom at the White House? 
 - You tell me. 
 You're fishing. 
 - I'm going to publish. 
 - Publish what? 
 A story about a subpoena issued to an unspecified person in this building? 
 So you're denying it then? 
 That someone in the White House has been subpoenaed? 
 - Categorically. 
 - Seth, come on... 
 Go fish. 
 Darius Cray's boat is moored at the Port of Baltimore. 
 Three days ago, he extended his slip rental for two weeks. 
 And this afternoon, right after we spoke to him,  he filed paperwork with the harbormaster to leave tonight. 
 How strong a suspect is he? 
 A flight risk. 
 No alibi. 
 Plenty of motive. 
 Plus we have video of his car outside Charlotte Thorn's hotel  two nights before she was killed. 
 Which means he could have been spoiling for a confrontation. 
 Is it enough circumstantial evidence for a warrant? 
 If you know the right judge. 
 Give me an hour. 
 We've lost a lot of support with this "Americans are suckers" comment. 
 Okay, hold on. 
 The word "suckers" has nothing to do with the President's Clean Air Initiative. 
 Sure it does. 
 The President's plan requires us to up emissions standards. 
 That's gonna cost us hundreds of millions. 
 And we want something in return. 
 But, if the Administration's been crippled, what can you do for us? 
 The federal tax incentives the President's proposing are... 
 Seth, you're not listening. 
 - How's he gonna pass those now? 
 - With a little elbow grease. 
 Everybody, please sit. 
 I'm sorry for interrupting. 
 Seth, you're doing a great job explaining the importance of this bill. 
 But I wanted to take a moment and come down here  and thank you myself for being here, for listening. 
 And I hope you will join me in making a better future for our children. 
 Right. 
 They're not the friendliest group. 
 I have to say, I was hoping for a little support from you. 
 My cars are electric. 
 I've delayed automating my plants at your request. 
 I gave at the office. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 And generously. 
 But you're an industry leader. 
 Your silence spoke volumes. 
 If you sensed a lack of enthusiasm in there, you're right. 
 The people in that room want to know they're backing a winner. 
 Come on. 
 It was one word. 
 It's not about the word, sir. 
 It's about leadership. 
 If you can't lead the people, you can't lead CEOs. 
 I was being sarcastic. 
 In the end, perception is everything. 
 I've been fighting on behalf of the American people  from the second I was sworn in. 
 Now they think I'm fighting against them. 
 No, they don't, sir. 
 Everywhere we go, you inspire people. 
 But the problem is... 
 It's all right, Mike. 
 Finish the sentence. 
 Sir, when someone takes a cheap shot, you don't respond. 
 I don't like mudslinging. 
 It's not who I am. 
 Don't sling mud, sir. 
 Sling hope. 
 See, that's the fight people want. 
 It's the hope you give them. 
 And sometimes it gets lost under all these attacks. 
 You just might have a future in politics, Mike. 
 No, sir. 
 I like my fights where I can see them. 
 Right in front of me. 
 Smart. 
 Thank you. 
 They're unloading something. 
 Wells to base. 
 Suspect's leaving the scene. 
 We're heading over there now to check out the boat. 
 It's Darius Cray. 
 You know, Cray's boat  had a $5 million cache of black-market munitions. 
 And we think he was making a back-room deal  with one of the G-20 delegates to arm an insurgency. 
 His arrest was all over the wire, sir. 
 Mumbai is linking him with arming Tamil separatists. 
 The French are blaming him for selling C-4 to Basque insurgents. 
 And we're the ones who brought him to justice. 
 It's excellent. 
 That's burying the lead. 
 What's important here, right now,  is whether or not he was connected to Thorn's murder. 
 The gun found on him was the same model,  same caliber used to kill Charlotte Thorn. 
 We're running ballistics. 
 - Is Cray talking? 
 - No, sir. 
 He's in recovery and lawyered up. 
 As soon as ballistics is back, I'll let you know. 
 - Okay. 
 We should issue a press release. 
 - Yeah. 
 When ballistics is back. 
 It can focus on the arrest of a notorious arms dealer. 
 Which would step on the arrest of Charlotte Thorn's killer. 
 Anything to get us off Suckergate. 
 Seth, have you read the papers? 
 No, I get my news from carrier pigeon. 
 Okay, sir, there's obviously spirited disagreement  about our next steps to take to help regain our momentum. 
 Yes. 
 I can see that. 
 And I have an idea. 
 I would like to do an OTR. 
 An "on the road"? 
 I like the impulse, sir. 
 What I don't like is the risk. 
 Too many variables we can't control. 
 We should do a one-on-one. 
 With Carson Kramer. 
 Same forum as when Senator Rouse made his accusation. 
 Release the oppo on Rouse right before you go on just to set the stage. 
 Lyor, I'm not interested in the politics of personal destruction. 
 Respectfully, sir, this is not something that... 
 Look, if the problem is that I've lost the people,  I need to take my argument to the people. 
 Show them that I'm fighting their fight. 
 I want to do an OTR. 
 - Shoot for lunchtime. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Okay, lunch. 
 That gives us three hours. 
 I want every detail stage-managed. 
 A diner. 
 
 
 
 He'll order a hamburger. 
 I don't want anything foofy on the menu like Dijon mustard or profiteroles. 
 - Diners don't have profiteroles. 
 - Yeah, exactly. 
 We should hand-pick the audience. 
 Yeah, we'll stock them with salt-of-the-earth types. 
 Folks who've been victimized by the pension fraud. 
 - Kirkman fans. 
 - I'll get started on the vetting. 
 Emily, you're logistics. 
 Seth, you do your thing with words. 
 Yeah, I got a word for you. 
 Good morning, Kendra. 
 Mrs. Kirkman, I wasn't expecting you. 
 I thought I should be here. 
 Of course. 
 That's absolutely your right. 
 Uh, Cindy, make sure there's a chair for Mrs. Kirkman in the gallery. 
 Oh, I'd like to second chair. 
 I'll see you inside. 
 Respectfully, ma'am, I don't think that's a good idea. 
 Well, why not? 
 Because this proceeding is about a subpoena issued to your mother. 
 Exactly. 
 Which is precisely why I recommend against your involvement. 
 Because of your personal interest. 
 I appreciate your concern. 
 But I need you to appreciate mine. 
 I can't stand by and watch determinations being made about my family  and not participate. 
 If anything went wrong, I would never forgive myself. 
 I'm sure you understand. 
 - Yes, ma'am. 
 - Good. 
 Your Honor, this subpoena is a classic fishing expedition. 
 The simple fact that we're seeking documents  from the President's mother-in-law does not make it a fishing expedition. 
 30 years of documents. 
 And in service of a wild theory  alleging a convoluted bribery scheme that spans decades. 
 A theory for which Mr. Foerstel has no evidence. 
 It's called discovery, Your Honor. 
 If we had the evidence, we wouldn't need the subpoena. 
 Yes, but we still need probable cause to prove a crime has been committed. 
 - A crime was committed. 
 - 30 years ago. 
 Mrs. Kirkman? 
 Are you also appearing as counsel? 
 - Yes, Your Honor. 
 - So noted on the record. 
 A crime was committed 30 years ago. 
 A crime which can no longer be charged. 
 The warrant alleges an ongoing conspiracy... 
 I know what the warrant alleges. 
 Your Honor, I believe my co-counsel's point... 
 That this is a malicious prosecution. 
 How is the mere issuance of a subpoena a malicious prosecution? 
 The suggestion that there was some nefarious  pay-for-play scandal involving my mother. 
 That she could be implicated in the murder of Eric Little,  a man she hasn't even seen for 30 years. 
 Your Honor, can we please get a 10-minute recess  - so I can consult with my co-counsel? 
 - I think that would be an excellent idea. 
 Mrs. Kirkman, we agreed to keep these arguments technical. 
 But not antiseptic. 
 You're not making any headway in there. 
 The best basis for quashing the subpoena is its overbreadth. 
 I totally disagree. 
 The subpoena is based on investigational subterfuge. 
 Illegal activity. 
 Which are arguments I will now have to make  now that our procedural attack is out the window. 
 - Well, then, make them. 
 - I will. 
 But not with you as co-counsel. 
 Excuse me? 
 Ma'am, I was asked to do a job. 
 And I will do it to the best of my ability. 
 But I cannot do it if you're compromising me. 
 Well... 
 - That was not my intent. 
 - But it's your effect. 
 If you want to argue the motion, you're welcome to. 
 But if I'm arguing it, it needs to be without your interference. 
 Oh, she's beautiful. 
 And you're right. 
 She looks a lot like my daughter. 
 Firefighters have our backs. 
 And it's time we have theirs. 
 Alex, you're wrong about the Redskins. 
 But you're right about everything else. 
 Does this mean you're gonna try my chili? 
 Not a chance. 
 - Hi. 
 - Aww. 
 Oh, she was talking to me about tuition reform. 
 Don't worry, kiddo. 
 I'm gonna get to it. 
 I promise. 
 I've never seen anyone this good with crowd work. 
 It's because it's not work for him. 
 It's who he is. 
 - Mr. President! 
 - Mr. President! 
 Thank you all for coming out. 
 - Mr. President! 
 - Thank you. 
 - Best burger in town. 
 - Mr. President. 
 Mr. President. 
 - Alice, how are you? 
 - Not good, sir. 
 I'm hearing that the pension bailout bill is dead. 
 That's not true. 
 Well, the people I represent want their futures back. 
 Can you promise me that you can still help them? 
 Well, I-I can't promise... 
 Well, then you're right, Mr. President. 
 We are suckers... 
 ...for trusting you. 
 Thank you... 
 It wasn't that bad. 
 No, she's right. 
 It was catastrophic. 
 Yeah. 
 So... 
 You're already lost cachet with Congress. 
 Stonewalling your judicial nominees was the canary in the coal mine. 
 Your whole legislative agenda's at risk now. 
 - It was one word. 
 I was being sarcastic. 
 - Not to put too fine a point on it,  but the rule is, things last one news cycle or 10. 
 We kill this story today, sir, or it kills us. 
 - Emily? 
 - The business community is jumping ship. 
 The media is turning on you. 
 If we wake up tomorrow and Suckergate's the lead,  - the spiral may be irreversible. 
 - This is ridiculous. 
 I mean, there has to be a solution. 
 Well, there is, sir. 
 It's sitting right on that coffee table. 
 Call Carson Kramer. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Your Honor, the basis for this subpoena is an illegal search. 
 Your Honor, the Fourth Amendment has zero applicability to the request  for documents connected to a company  that Mrs. 
 Booker admitted she received a bribe from. 
 - There's probable cause... 
 - I'd like to hear Ms. Daynes out. 
 Mr. Foerstel is right. 
 There is probable cause for this subpoena. 
 But it stems from Hannah Wells,  who removed a hospital record from an active crime scene. 
 I don't see how that invalidates the subpoena. 
 The hospital record was obtained illegally and without a warrant. 
 Fruit of the poisonous tree? 
 - Yes, Your Honor. 
 - Hold on. 
 You're complaining about the conduct of Agent Wells? 
 Agent Wells works for the White House. 
 But Mrs. 
 Booker doesn't. 
 Then why is the White House counsel representing her? 
 It doesn't matter who's representing her. 
 What matters is whether her rights were violated. 
 I'm inclined to agree. 
 Wait, Judge, there are exigent circumstances. 
 Agent Wells removed that document because she was pursuing Patrick Lloyd. 
 And if you were subpoenaing Patrick Lloyd, I might look the other way. 
 But you're not, and I won't. 
 Motion to quash granted. 
 Quick out, they pick up the first down. 
 10 inside the 35. 
 A little bit of push... 
 No doubt. 
 There might have been  some offensive interference, but it was not called. 
 Shipping out tonight. 
 Yeah? 
 Do you need a ride to the airport? 
 Sure. 
 You know, I can always call DHS and have you deported again. 
 It's like Uber. 
 With handcuffs. 
 The ongoing pleasures of American hospitality. 
 Look, I just wanted to say... 
 I know you've had my back. 
 And, um, thanks. 
 You, too. 
 I'm kind of picky about who I work with. 
 And I didn't hate you. 
 So, that's kind of a big deal for me. 
 Yeah? 
 Um, sure. 
 I think I can track Damian down. 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. 
 See you soon. 
 There's been a development in the Thorn case. 
 Aaron Shore needs to see us right away. 
 We got ballistics back for Darius Cray's gun. 
 - It didn't kill Charlotte Thorn. 
 - Darius is an arms dealer. 
 - He's got hundreds of guns. 
 - And there's something else. 
 There was activity in one of Cray's accounts after he was shot. 
 A transfer of 100 million Euros to a Swiss bank account. 
 And the only person with access to that account was Catherine, his wife. 
 You saying we've been chasing the wrong Cray? 
 Yeah, Catherine's been calling the shots. 
 He was just a front. 
 M-Maybe. 
 But we still don't know that Darius didn't kill Charlotte Thorn. 
 Yeah, we do. 
 - What? 
 - Check this out. 
 This was taken yesterday morning. 
 Darius was moving guns when Charlotte Thorn was killed. 
 Which means I have to tell the President  that our investigation is ongoing. 
 And you two have to get back to work. 
 It's been a rough couple of days, Mr. President. 
 Yes. 
 Yes, it has. 
 But you won't hear me complain. 
 Not for a second. 
 Because I know that there are people out there  who are really having a rough time right now. 
 Now, I know you want to address  Senator Rouse's, uh, incendiary claim  that you called the American people suckers. 
 - The floor is yours, sir. 
 - Thank you. 
 I think that there is something  the American people should know about Senator Rouse. 
 And that is... 
 Go there. 
 Please go there. 
 - ...that he is telling the truth. 
 - Oh, my God. 
 - What is he doing? 
 - He took my words out of context,  but he is quoting me accurately. 
 - This is bad. 
 So you really think the American people are suckers? 
 Yes. 
 I guess so. 
 Because they believe in the American dream. 
 This idea that our best tomorrows are in front of us,  regardless of what today might be saying. 
 And if that makes you a sucker,  then count me in. 
 Less bad. 
 The great American generations that have come before us... 
 - Bring it home, sir. 
 Bring it home. 
 - ...have always managed  to pull together when times were tough. 
 We cannot be the exception. 
 And that's why it is so important  that Congress gets behind the pension bailout bill. 
 Too many Americans have had their security and their dreams  - snatched away from them. 
 - Trending good. 
 It's our turn to fix that. 
 So, I am promising the American people that I will not rest  until that security and those dreams  have been restored. 
 I'm calling our pollsters. 
 Our boss may have just pulled off the great escape. 
 Thank you for seeing me, sir. 
 You're gonna have to make it quick, Senator. 
 I don't have a lot of time for you right now. 
 I understand. 
 I just wanted to let you know  I've decided to support your pension bailout bill. 
 - You have? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Well, I hope nobody coerced you into changing your mind. 
 I don't expect you to forgive my political opportunism. 
 I have an explanation, not an excuse. 
 I'm listening. 
 Sonia has, um... 
 ovarian cancer. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I am so sorry. 
 A-Alan, please... 
 please sit. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 So it's two years in. 
 Been an up-and-down battle. 
 Stressful. 
 I took comfort elsewhere. 
 An affair. 
 I-I called it off,  and, um... 
 Sonia and I are in counseling. 
 We're trying to work it out,  but my marriage is hanging on by a thread. 
 And the children... 
 I'm so sorry you're going through this. 
 We all have our cross to bear. 
 I... 
 guess I... 
 needed a victory. 
 I was desperate, and when I saw the opportunity, I... 
 Alan. 
 I'm sorry, Mr. President. 
 Thank you for coming to me a-and explaining this. 
 Mr. President, Alice Roland is here. 
 Thank you, Lily. 
 I'm gonna need a moment. 
 I need you to look at this. 
 - Oh, my God. 
 - I didn't use it. 
 I couldn't. 
 But if I have it,  you need to take care of this now. 
 Man, our boss has more lives than a cat. 
 Good thing for us kittens. 
 So, since we're not burning the midnight oil... 
 Oh, come by anytime. 
 I'll put out a bowl of milk. 
 - We can torture metaphors. 
 - Sounds good. 
 - Hey. 
 - What is it? 
 Is that like a mannequin challenge thing or something? 
 Never mind. 
 Our latest, uh, poll numbers. 
 Hm. 
 Our boss did okay tonight, huh? 
 He did okay. 
 You think he's weak for not using the oppo, right? 
 No. 
 I think he's the President. 
 Thank you for coming. 
 I invited you back here  because I wanted to tell you myself how much I respect you. 
 Well, that respect is mutual, sir. 
 I saw your interview on television. 
 I know what kind of man you are. 
 An honest man. 
 Thank you. 
 I appreciate that. 
 I do the best I can, and I know you do, too. 
 Your work as a victims' advocate is inspiring. 
 And... 
 and I hope you don't mind,  but I wanted to find out what motivated you. 
 And I was surprised to see that you weren't one of the victims. 
 But instead, the wife of one of the perpetrators. 
 Your late husband managed one of the feeder funds  and funneled hundreds of millions of dollars back to himself. 
 Yes. 
 So, you became an advocate out of a sense of obligation... 
 ...to those who paid such a high price while your family prospered. 
 Yes. 
 The guilt must be overwhelming. 
 I would expect at times you feel like it's hard to even go on. 
 I feel like that every time I walk into this building. 
 And sit in that chair... 
 and have someone call me "Mr. President"... 
 ...simply because I survived,  because I was lucky. 
 You know what people like you and I  are supposed to do with that kind of luck? 
 No, sir. 
 Pay it forward. 
 I promise you... 
 In fact, I pledge to you... 
 that I will do everything in my power to try and pay it forward. 
 And I know you will, too. 
 Yes. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 