Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - The Oath - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - The Oath https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=30273 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/15/16 02:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - The Oath 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Designated Survivor"... 
 Hannah : America's favorite vice presidential candidate and the CIA's most wanted mercenary know each other. 
 I'm working a lead that could prove damning to Peter MacLeish. 
 Congresswoman Hookstraten just called for an extended recess. 
 She's delaying MacLeish's hearing. 
 Someone inside the U.S. government handed over the blueprints to Majid Nassar for the Capitol bombing. 
 There's a traitor among us. 
 MacLeish : Special Agent Hannah Wells seemed to be a bit obsessed with me. 
 I just hope she isn't trying to convince the speaker of any conspiracy theory. 
 I found the evidence I was looking for. 
 I'll explain everything when I get there. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Siren wailing, Indistinct conversations] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 My God, are you okay? 
 Can you hear me? 
 Look, you've been in an accident, but help is on the way. 
 Just try and sit still, okay? 
 And don't move your neck. 
 You're gonna be fine. 
 [Gasping, gurgling] 
 [Tires squeal] 
 [Horn blaring] 
 [Breathing shallowly] 
 [Grunts] 
 [Breathing shallowly, coughing] 
 [Grunts] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Panting] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Madam Speaker, I know you're waiting for someone, but the entire country is waiting for us. 
 We can't delay this vote any longer. 
 Peter MacLeish is a hero. 
 Who my witness claims to have damning evidence against. 
 We owe it to our constituents to find out what that is. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Damn it. Pick up. 
 [Cellphone vibrates] 
 [Gasps] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Gasps] 
 [Sighs] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Man : It's me. 
 I lost her. 
 [Breathing shallowly] 
 [Groaning] 
 Aah! 
 [Breathing shallowly] 
 [Computer beeping] 
 Tom, what is this? 
 Tom : It's a blueprint. 
 A blueprint? 
 A guide for how to blow up the Capitol building. 
 Where did it come from? 
 Us. 
 The Department of Defense. 
 Apparently after 9/11, the Pentagon did a threat assessment on all key government buildings to show us where our weaknesses were. 
 A-And so you're thinking what? 
 I think someone inside our government gave that blueprint to Al-Sakar to blow up the Capitol. 
 Who else knows about this? 
 Just you and Mike. 
 Tom, you need to call in someone from Homeland Security or the FBI. 
 No, no, we can't call anyone until we know exactly what this is. 
 You're scaring me right now. 
 You remember the first night we were here in the Rose Garden? 
 You asked me if I thought we were a target. 
 I said I didn't know. 
 But now... 
 ...I think you need to take the kids and leave until we know it's safe. 
 Take them where? 
 Where's "safe"? 
 I don't know. 
 But that's my point. 
 How do we run if we don't know who we're running from? 
 Mike's bringing in the man who wrote the file, Dr. Enright. 
 Maybe he's got some answers for us. 
 But until then, we cannot trust anyone. 
 Okay, time's up. 
 If you don't join us inside immediately, I will tell the public that you blocked Peter MacLeish's appointment so you would be next in line for the presidency. 
 Reconvene the committee. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hannah?! 
 What happened? 
 You can't let them find me. 
 Oh, my God, you're bleeding! 
 You need help! 
 Chuck, you can't call anyone. 
 I have to get you to the hospital. 
 You need a-a doctor. 
 You... Hannah? 
 Hannah! 
 Now that the House Judiciary Committee has given the nominee the green light, the full House will convene for a late-night vote that many expect will make Peter MacLeish the next Vice President of the United States. 
 Congratulations. 
 Ooh. To Peter MacLeish. 
 To the new Vice President. 
 Hear, hear. 
 What's up, Spring Break? 
 Oh, come on. 
 You know, if you had 60 news-hungry journalists clamoring for information about Nassar's murder, you'd be thirsty, too. 
 Eh, maybe the MacLeish confirmation will keep them off your back for a news cycle. 
 [Laughing] Yeah. 
 The only thing that's gonna keep them off my back is an answer, which, as I remind you, we don't have. 
 Yeah. 
 Rumor is MacLeish is bringing a bunch of his House staffers with him. 
 You guys know any of them? 
 Yeah, I used to play soccer every Tuesday night with his Coms director. 
 That guy's sharp as a marble. 
 I once shared a summer house in Dewey Beach with his legislative assistants. 
 I mean, we were only 19, but they seemed on top of it. 
 19? 
 Yes, and I will need plenty more of these before you get any of those stories. 
 [Laughs] 
 All right, I'm gonna go meet the speech writers on New Street. 
 You guys are welcomto join. 
 Nah, we're good where we are, Seth. 
 Thank you. 
 Seth : All right. See you tomorrow. 
 Have a good night. 
 Get home safe. 
 ...will be his wife, Beth, and their two daughters. 
 Emily : Can you believe everything that's happened? 
 It's been a roller coaster, for sure. 
 You know, I have to admit, when I first got here, I thought that you were gonna do everything you could to get me out of the White House, not be the reason I'm still here. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Well, I have to admit, when  you  first got here, I didn't think you could handle it. 
 Yeah, you called me a minor leaguer. 
 [Laughs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Yeah, well, I was wrong. 
 If anything, I'm learning from you. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Mr. President, Dr. Alan Enright. 
 Dr. Enright, please. 
 I need you to verify for me that this is your work. 
 I think you know that it is. 
 I think that's why I'm here, Mr. President, but I had nothing to do with what happened at the Capitol. 
 I wrote this file to prevent what happened, not to cause it. 
 Even if that's true, you had to realize that someone used your work to plan and carry out the bombing. 
 They followed it to the letter. 
 Why didn't you come forward? 
 I close my eyes. I can see the building fall. 
 The cast iron melting, the marble crumble. 
 Whoever did this, we're talking about a conspiracy of unparalleled proportions. 
 I was scared, Mr. President. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Doctor, I'm gonna need you to give me every single name that had access to this file. 
 I put an ORCON classification on this file, which means the number of people who saw it is limited. 
 And then I sent it to the DOD security team. 
 They all died in the Capitol. 
 I also sent it to the head of NORCOM. 
 You sent the file to General Grady? 
 [Chuckles] 
 I wrote this file two years and six months ago. 
 General Grady was not the head of NORCOM then. 
 Who was? 
 The general you fired. 
 Harris Cochrane. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Man :  ...Met MacLeish properly with the House Judiciary Committee. 
 Peter MacLeish has been named the Miracle on the Potomac, and this return to the capital will hopefully redefine the public's association with... [Groans] With a final tally of 424-9, Congressman MacLeish was confirmed by the House of Representatives in a historic vote late last night. Meanwhile, organizers are working double time to prepare for... [TV shuts off] Chuck : Hi. Hey. Uh, hey. You okay? How you feeling? Better. Yeah, thanks to you. Easy. Hey, Chuck. Did you glue my wound? Yeah. Where did you learn to do that? YouTube. House confirmed him. They're swearing him in this afternoon. Man :  Peter MacLeish's confirmation received no opposition from the newly appointed... Whoever made sure MacLeish survived wanted him as VP for a reason, so we have less than eight hours to make sure that doesn't happen. Okay, look, I know this isn't what you're gonna want to hear, but... ...Someone tried to kill you, Atwood's in prison, Foerstel has me on suspension. Maybe it's time we... What? Quit? Hannah. You almost died last night. I literally had to scrub your blood off of my hands. What else do they need to do to us? Chuck, why did you join the FBI? [Sighs] To help people. I joined to piss my father off. He's a top surgeon in Chicago, and he wanted me to follow in his footsteps. Practically held me at gunpoint and took me to Johns Hopkins. So I went. And, uh, halfway through grad school, I walked out, jumped on a train, went to D.C., and signed up for the FBI. I wanted to help, too. I just wanted to do it in my own way. It's not their job to stop. It's our job to stop them. And I'm scared, too. But if we quit, they win, and then... everyone who lost someone that day... they'll never know peace. Nice try. You've never been scared in your life. Fine. I'm in. What's the next step? Get back in touch with Hookstraten? No. I told her I had evidence on MacLeish, and someone tries to kill me. Right. And they took all my evidence. The evidence I got from the woman who's been calling me. No, I already told you I can't trace the call from her again, and even if I could, I'm shut out of my office. Then you'd better get creative 'cause it's the only lead we got. ♪ ♪ Did anyone see you bring him in? No, sir. I kept him off Waves and brought him in through the East Wing. It was still early, so it wasn't a problem. Okay, good. Thank you, Mike. It's different in here when it's quiet. On the contrary. This is what this room is usually like. More calm than storm. Tom : General, I need you to look at this. Mike? This looks like a re-enactment of the Capitol bombing. Well, it's not. General, this is file 12-80C, a threat assessment created by the Pentagon 2 1/2 years  before  the bombing. Mr. President, I have never seen this before. I find that highly unlikely. This file was given an ORCON classification. I can count on my hand the number of people that have seen it. Your name is the only one on the list that survived the bombing. This was sent to me, but I never had the opportunity to read it. That file was reclassified by the Secretary of Defense and recalled electronically from my computer before I could access it. And you expect me to believe that you just remembered that? A file taken from my hand by the Secretary of Defense at a moment's notice? A lieutenant general being told he's not cleared to read something? Never happened before, not to me. What would be the circumstances that would cause the Secretary of Defense to reclassify a document like that? I don't know, but it's not something he could do unilaterally. He must've been given orders. By who? There's a chain of command. Only one place the Sec Def gets his orders from. The White House. General, you'll be detained until we can verify your story. I understand. Cochrane : Mr. President. You have a serious problem. And while you may not ask for my help, it's here if you want it, sir. Hey, Emily. Hey. So, I was thinking, now that MacLeish is confirmed, we should start scheduling committee hearings right away to push the president's cabinet nominees through. That's a great idea. We should get some Leg Affairs folks to start prepping. I'll get on it. Hey, listen. About last night... You mean when you kissed me? You don't have to be weird about it. Well, what if I want to be weird about it? Anyway, there's an Elvis impersonator later tonight at the Nine Thirty club. You want to go? How did you know I like Elvis? Well, opposition research comes in handy sometimes. Seth told you? Seth told me. I'm in. All right. [Cellphone buzzes] The president wants to see me. I didn't get a message. Well, then it can't be anything too important. Yeah. What I'm about to tell you has to stay in this room. Do you understand? Of course. Yesterday I received a highly classified DOD file detailing how to blow up the Capitol. I believe it's what Al-Sakar used to plan and carry out the attack. I also think the file was given to them by someone in Richmond's administration. That's why I had to bring you in on this. Not only do I trust you implicitly, you weren't here when the file was being circulated. Who was? This is what I managed to put together so far. Aaron's on this list. I know. I had to put down everyone's name who had security clearance that would allow them to know the file even existed. Emily, I think there's a traitor in the White House, and I need you to help me find out who it is. ♪ ♪ Seth : Yeah, Shelly. Shelly : Nassar's been dead for six days. When can we expect an answer? As I said before, Shelly, I still don't have any information about this. Come on, guys, who's gonna ask me about the swearing-in ceremony? Man : Over here. Seth. Seth. Natalie. Natalie : About the decision to hold the swearing-in at the Capitol site... How exactly was that reached? Thank you, Natalie. So, since Thomas Jefferson's inauguration in 1800, swearing-in ceremonies have been held at the Capitol, and the president felt it was both symbolic and necessary to continue with that tradition, all right? That's actually all I have right now. I am gonna be calling you back in, in a few hours. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Have OP send us an updated list of who they've invited to the swearing-in. Lisa : Seth. A word? Thanks, guys. I'll catch up to you. Lisa. Hey. You didn't call on me once. Oh, sorry. I didn't see you. I couldn't have been more clear if I had one of those light sticks they use to direct airplanes. Now, if this is about you holding a grudge about the Leo Kirkman story... Look, there's limited time. You know, I can't get to everyone's question, but if you have something that's pressing, you can always send me an e-mail or reach out to one of the deputies in my office. Seth. Okay, I get it. I betrayed your trust. And I'm sorry. But it's my job to ask questions and your job to answer them. The president can forgive me. Why can't you? ♪ ♪ Emily. Hey. I was looking all over for you. I thought you were gonna sit in on that legislative affairs meeting with me. Oh, sorry. I got tied up. So, what did the president want to see you about? Nothing. Uh, he just... he wanted me to take another look at Bruce Rangell for HUD Secretary. That one's obviously important for him, so... Yeah. Hey, so, tonight, pick you up here... 8:45? Um... Look, I think I'm gonna be pretty swamped here, so I'm gonna have to take a rain check. I'm sorry. Okay. All right. Rain check. Em... Emily, listen, you... you don't... You don't regret last night, do you? No, I just can't do it tonight. Okay. ♪ ♪ Okay, signaling system 7... SS-7. Lets every cellphone tower talk to each other so your phone works anywhere in the world. [Sighs] How does that help us? If I can get in, we can connect the dots from your cell back to the one that mystery woman called you from. [Keyboard clacking] [Beeps] Got it. I'm in. Good job, Chuck. Chuck : Don't thank me yet. I still got to backtrack the number that called your cell. [Beeping] Damn it. What? Network picked up the intrusion. It's a race to see what happens first... I track your mystery caller's phone, or they track us. Come on. Come on. [Keyboard clacking] Got it. [Sighs] Looks like the call to your cell came from a burner phone. Purchased from where? A convenience store in Dupont Circle. 
 
 Speaker Hookstraten's here, sir. Tom : Thank you, Wyatt. You wanted to speak with me, Mr. President? Yes, Madam Speaker. I was told that you had information on Congressman MacLeish that you wanted to share with the committee. I'm sorry, but I need to know what that was. Six weeks ago, an FBI agent approached me. She wanted access to the blueprints of the Capitol. Yesterday, she told me she had evidence against Peter MacLeish. And then she never showed up. She... What was the agent's name? Hannah Wells. Hannah Wells. Congressman MacLeish told me... What did he say, exactly? He thought that she was obsessed with him, that her investigation had somehow turned personal. Did she come across that way to you? No, sir, not at all. Do you know where she is now? Well, strangely, I haven't heard from her since. Okay, thank you. Kimble... why does she want the blueprints for the Capitol Building? She requested them as part of the investigation into the bombing. Right. [Chuckles] Of course, right. Thank you. Is everything all right, sir? I'm not sure yet. I'll let you know as soon as I can. [Footsteps] Then your detail will bring you back to One Observatory Circle. Home, sweet home. [Knock on door] I'm sorry for the interruption. Mr. President. Not at all. We're just going through some of the final details. It's gonna be a great event, Peter. Mike, can I borrow you for a second, please? Excuse me. I need to speak with an FBI agent named Hannah Wells. Сan you find her for me? Yes, sir. Thank you. [Gun cocks] ♪ ♪ Foerstel : Hannah Wells? Why does the president want to know about Hannah Wells? He's interested in some information she claims to have on Peter MacLeish. Why? What kind of information did she say she had? She didn't. That's, um... That's what I'm trying to figure out. Do you know where I could find her? I wish I did. [Sighs] She totaled her car yesterday at 15th and "K" and fled the scene. I've checked every local hospital, even tried pinging her phone. You're saying an FBI agent just up and disappeared? Yes. I mean, who knows what kind of mess Jason Atwood's got her mixed up in, but you want to know more about Agent Wells? Here's her file. See for yourself. Thanks. Mm-hmm. ♪ ♪ Hi. I'm Agent Wells. I called earlier about looking at your surveillance footage. Yes, of course. Uh, it's in the back. Bob, can you take the register? Bob : No problem. Right this way. Thanks for doing this. Yeah. Can you pull up some footage from January 26th, around 3:32 p.m.? That's when the phone was initiated. Stop. Do you have any exterior cameras? Yeah, in the parking lot. Okay, I need you to pull that up. [Keyboard clacking] Freeze. And zoom in. ♪ ♪ [Cellphone beeps] This is Chuck. Hey, Chuck, I need you to run a plate for me. Seth : At the swearing-in, the invocation will be delivered by a Colonel William Sizemore. He was the congressman's Army pastor, and he'll be sworn in using Beth MacLeish's Bible, which is being brought in from the family home in Oregon. [Indistinct conversations] Yeah, Lisa. Thank you. I've just learned from a source that a suspect is in custody in connection with the murder of Majid Nassar. What is the White House's response and... And when can we expect to learn more about the suspect's identity. Lisa, let me interrupt you right there, as it would be inappropriate for the White House to comment on an ongoing investigation. Now, that being said, this is obviously a matter of extreme importance... Woman #1 : How long has the White House known? Woman #2 : When can we find out their name? Are you worried about the public's confidence in the president? What else is the White House hiding? I would direct any remaining questions you have to the Army criminal investigators, okay? That's all I have for right now, guys. I'll see you at the Capitol for the swearing-in. You can't just walk away from this. We deserve answers. The public deserves answers! Don't get many West Wingers here, especially senior aides to POTUS. It's a special assignment. Now, all phone calls from the White House are catalogued, correct? Yes, ma'am, every letter, call, correspondence... All preserved for history. Perfect. I'm trying to find who, from the White House, contacted the Secretary of Defense on June 23, 2015, between 8:00 and 8:33 a.m. Shouldn't be a problem. Just give me a sec. [Keyboard clacking] Here you go. There was a call logged to the Office of the Secretary of Defense... 8:23 a.m., 23, June 2015. Who made the call? White House Chief of Staff Charles Langdon. Do we have an update on Agent Wells? She was in a car accident yesterday at 15th and "K." And according to witnesses, she abandoned the scene. FBI hasn't been able to track her down. Wait a second. She was in a car accident on her way to provide information on Congressman MacLeish? That's a bit of a coincidence. Director Foerstel gave me a look at her file. Merits of accommodation aside, Agent Wells has been going through a difficult time. According to Atwood's own notes, he felt her judgment might be compromised. Why? She was in a relationship with someone that died at the Capitol, Senator Scott Wheeler. All I know is that she went to Hookstraten looking for the blueprints for the Capitol Building weeks before we knew about the file, so she's either crazy, like everybody says or she knows something. We got to keep looking for her. Yes, sir. [Birds cawing] ♪ ♪ [Cawing continues] ♪ ♪ [Garage door creaks] [Loud thump in distance] [Door slams] ♪ ♪ FBI! Stop right there! Turn around. Turn around. I know you. You're Charles Langdon. You were Richmond's Chief of Staff. Everything thinks you're dead. You've got to get out of here. They could have followed you. You're the one calling me about MacLeish? You don't know how hard it is to stay hidden from them. It was a woman's voice. They're never gonna stop searching for me. Who's "they"? Who is behind this? Why do they keep MacLeish alive? It's... It's bigger than you think. Don't trust anyone. Get down! [Gunshots] Aah! Aah! [Engine starts] Oh! [Panting] ♪ ♪ [Cellphone rings] This is Russink. Hannah : Hey, Chuck. I got a security key card here. It's, uh, got a logo on it. It's an "M" with a circle around it. "M"? Um... Could be Metway Security out of Virginia... Super high-end private security and monitoring firm. They offer me a job every year or two. All right, I'm gonna give you the serial number on the back. Run it for me. See what this unlocks. Okay. You ready? Yeah, shoot. Zulu-Tango-3-2-6-7-Echo. Hannah? Hannah, you still there? Call me when you got something. ♪ ♪ [Cellphone dialing] All right, so this reporter, Lisa Jordan... She knows we have someone in custody. She just doesn't know that it's Atwood? That's right. She knows we've arrested someone. She just doesn't know who it is. Then, she has nothing. She knows we're hiding something. Mr. President, we agreed not to tell the press anything until we have all the facts. Well, we have them now. The FBI just handed in their report, and it concludes that Jason Atwood did, indeed, kill Majid Nassar. That's incredible. I asked Ms. Jordan to stay on as a White House correspondent to keep us honest. [Scoffs] She kept up her end of the bargain. We need to do the same. Tell her we'll give her an exclusive on the man that we have in custody, but she's gonna have to wait till tomorrow. Yes, sir. Sir, I'm sorry about Atwood. I know you didn't want it to be true. None of us did. Oh, sir, I was thinking if, uh... if... if you're having second thoughts on Bruce Rangell for Secretary of Housing, I could always pull up more information on him to look over. I'm not having second thoughts on Rangell. What would make you think that? I-I'm sorry. I-I must have been, um... I must have been thinking about something else. The motorcade leaves for the Capitol in 30 minutes. Thank you. Sir. [Telephone rings] Ritter. Foerstel : Agent Ritter, it's John Foerstel. What can I do for you? You asked me to keep the White House in the loop on Hannah Wells. I just got a disturbing phone call out of Virginia. Agent Wells shot someone? Yes, sir, at a farm in Fredericksburg. The FBI's still working to identify the body, but witnesses claim they saw someone fitting Agent Wells' description engaged in a shootout before fleeing the scene. What the hell is going on? The Feds are throwing a net over D.C., and their EOC is monitoring every camera and feed within a 30-mile radius. I'll make sure our people are on the lookout for her, as well. What... you think she's a threat? I don't know, sir. But I can't logically explain her actions over the past 24 hours. We should consider that both MacLeish and Foerstel might be right about her. And I'd rather we overreact and be wrong than underestimate her and live to regret it. Okay, thanks, Mike. ♪ ♪ [Tires squeal] [Cellphone rings] Hey, Chuck. Hannah, I've been monitoring the police scanners... Metro Police, the Bureau... They're all looking for you. I don't know how much longer I can help you. Look, I understand. Were you able to find out anything about the key card? Yeah. It gives you access to room 7 on the 8th floor of the PLC Building on Louisiana. Louisiana? Chuck, room 7... does it face east or west? [Keyboard clacking] East. Why? You can see the steps. Hannah, what are you thinking? Proximity to the Capitol, direct line of sight to the platform. Chuck, they're gonna kill Kirkman. ♪ ♪ [Indistinct conversations] It'll be okay. I just wish we had more time to figure everything out before we did something so permanent. Alex : Tom, if you feel that way, then we should not go through with this. We don't have a choice. The only evidence we have is circumstantial. We could be wrong. The country can't afford another setback. Beth : Peter. [Knocks on door] Everyone's waiting. It's time to leave. What's wrong? We were supposed to be in the car 10 minutes ago. I don't know if I can go through with this. [Sighs] Honey, of course you can. No. I think we need to rethink this thing. It is perfectly normal to have cold feet, but this is a great day for all of us. It is exactly what we've been working for. Yeah. But at what cost? At any cost necessary. Peter, you were chosen to survive for a reason. You've been given a tremendous responsibility to restore this nation to the empire it once was and can be again. Our friends placed their faith in you. What would they think if they saw you like this? You are on the cusp, Peter. This isn't the time for weakness. Now tell me you agree. Tell me you agree, Peter. Okay. Good. Now let's go. ♪ ♪ [Tires squeal] [Sirens wailing] ♪ ♪ Seth : Lisa. Excuse me, Cody. Hey. I took your question to the president. Let me guess... No comment. If it was up to me, honestly, yeah, no comment. We've been way too reactive around here, and that's gonna change, but the president appreciates you, and we've decided to grant you the exclusive on the Nassar investigation. Really? When? Soon. For now, let's let America celebrate. I'll be in touch. [Indistinct conversations] ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 8th floor... all clear. [Beeps] [Sirens wailing] ♪ ♪ [March plays] Clear. President Kirkman! Mr. Kirkman! ♪ ♪ [Gun components clicking] ♪ ♪ [Weapon cocks] Man :  Ladies and gentlemen, the President of the United States. ["Hail to the Chief" plays] [Applause] I wanted to take a moment before we get started and congratulate you on becoming vice president. Our country's got a long road to recovery, but this is another big step. Thank you, sir. I won't let you down. Great to see you. Emily Rhodes. Ms. Rhodes, it's Amanda at the switchboard. Yes. You asked me to look deeper into Charles Langdon's phone records June 23. Uh, as it turns out, he wasn't in his office that day. I'm sorry? I double-checked his schedule. Uh, Mr. Langdon was on an overseas trip to Geneva. Then who made the call to the Pentagon? His deputy, Aaron Shore. Thank you. Mr. President, it's time. ♪ ♪ Man :  Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated. Tom : Good afternoon. When I see how many of you have chosen to brave the elements to mark this momentous occasion, I can only tell you how inspired I am. Today, I stand... [Horn honking] ...on the site of one of America's greatest tragedies  and offer the promise of America's rebirth. The night I was sworn in as President of the United States, this nation,  our nation, was in the grips of chaos. [Tires screech] But now, as I look out on the Mall, I don't see a people that were scared. I don't see a people that were frightened. Excuse me. I see that we are strong... Excuse me. ...and that we are proud and that we are, once again, united. God bless all of you and these United States of America. [Cheers and applause] Ladies and gentlemen, it is my profound honor to introduce Congressman Peter MacLeish, our next vice president. Congratulations. Thank you, sir. Judge: Congressman MacLeish, if you'll place your hand on the Bible and repeat after me. "I, Peter Lewis MacLeish..." I, Peter Lewis MacLeish... "...do solemnly swear to support and defend  the Constitution of the United States..." ...do solemnly swear to support and defend the Constitution of the United States... "...against all enemies, foreign and domestic..." ...against all enemies, foreign and domestic... Excuse me. Excuse me. ...that I bear true faith and allegiance to the same... Excuse me. Move! ...without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion." ...and that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion,  and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. "So help me God." So help me God. I have a suspect in my line of sight. I need a team. Congratulations, Mr. Vice President. [Cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Man : Gun! Gun! [Silenced gunshot] [Crowd shouting, screaming] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 