Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x13 - Original Sin - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x13 - Original Sin https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40976 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/24/20 08:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x13 - Original Sin 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Designated Survivor... 
 Can you run a plate? 
 The car comes back to the Russian Embassy. 
 But Damian's MI6. 
 - Yes, and he may have turned. 
 - You lied to me about everything. 
 We need to talk. 
 You joined British intelligence but you were working with the Russians. 
 We have a case against you for espionage. 
 I suggest you start answering our questions. 
 Hacking's one thing I've been working on solving for Russia. 
 Someone is hunting big game. 
 And Russia and the US are both targets. 
 - So what now? 
 - You're going to be charged. 
 - And the help I gave you? 
 - Will be taken under consideration. 
 Who do you blame for Alex's death? 
 Evan Beeman killed my wife. 
 That's who's responsible. 
 Who do you blame? 
 You need to find a concrete way to acknowledge your grief. 
 Mr. 
 Beeman, would you say your treatment here has been fair? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Good. 
 Because I want you to remember,  every single day for the rest of your life, what you took from me. 
 - That went viral 20 minutes ago. 
 - How the hell did this get out? 
 Clearly, someone hacked into the prison system. 
 But how? 
 Tom Kirkman, American Caesar,  hauling a convicted felon in front of him so he can dress him down. 
 It's the video the country can't stop talking about. 
 And the White House can't start. 
 Executive overreach caught on camera. 
 The issue is as black and white as the video sweeping the nation. 
 That's right, and there's no gray area. 
 The president was wrong. 
 Sir, the problem isn't just the video. 
 It's that we're not spinning it. 
 So the media's doing it for us. 
 They're calling you imperial, angry, distraught. 
 Yeah, I am angry and I am distraught. 
 What do you suggest? 
 That we issue a statement, an expression of remorse. 
 You were in the throes of grief. 
 The visit was ill-advised. 
 It was an inadvertent executive overreach. 
 But you respect the justice system. 
 Acknowledge that Evan Beeman is entitled to serve his sentence without interference. 
 - I'm not saying any of that. 
 - Sir... 
 I never said that Evan Beeman was a monster. 
 But through his negligence, his carelessness, he killed my wife. 
 I'm not gonna apologize for taking him to task for that. 
 And it doesn't make me a dictator. 
 It makes me human. 
 Yes, sir. 
 A human being whose unfavorables are up and approval ratings are way down. 
 They're polls, Lyor. 
 They'll bounce back. 
 The pertinent question is, who leaked the video? 
 Agent Wells is overseeing the investigation. 
 She's debriefing the prison's IT experts, looking into their security. 
 We'll let you know as soon as she's done working it. 
 "Work." There's an idea. 
 You have a sit-down with the Fed chairman later this morning. 
 And the board of Alex's charitable foundation  has its inaugural meeting in the Roosevelt Room,  - among plenty other items on your agenda. 
 - How many other items? 
 Let's get cracking. 
 So the president actually works in the building during the tours? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 This is not a museum. 
 This is the People's House. 
 That's lovely. 
 And this area connects the East and West Wings? 
 Correct, this is the juncture. 
 Excuse me, what are you doing? 
 Get up right now. 
 - This is Simmons. 
 We have a problem. 
 - Copy that. 
 The president needs to address the prison thing. 
 - He does. 
 - You're supposed to wrangle him. 
 - I am. 
 - But you're not. 
 I'm loving this declarative sentence thing you're doing. 
 Uh, my turn. 
 Tom Kirkman is my boss. 
 My job is to advise, not compel. 
 And would you please disintegrate? 
 That last one was an interrogatory, not a declaration. 
 - I'm branching out. 
 - Hey. 
 We've got a problem with one of the tours. 
 Mike, just tell them they can't sit at the Resolute Desk. 
 Good, 'cause 30 people are happy parking it in the hallway. 
 It's a sit-in. 
 They say they're with some tribe. 
 - You say "tribe"? 
 - Yeah. 
 Protesters are being removed. 
 Removed? 
 Is the White House press corps in the building? 
 - Yeah, I have my briefing in an hour. 
 - No, no, no, no, no, no. 
 What's going on? 
 These people are our guests. 
 Stop. 
 Stop. 
 Stop! 
 Uncuff him, please. 
 Uncuff him. 
 - Thank you. 
 Uncuff him. 
 - Now. 
 Good. 
 As you were, sir. 
 As you were, please. 
 There's nothing to see here. 
 It's just civic engagement,  which the White House heartily endorses. 
 You can quote me on that. 
 All right. 
 You guys all good? 
 Anybody want a coffee or a donut or anything? 
 They're the Ocheole tribe, from just outside Pensacola. 
 Their leader, Lacey Cousins, wants an audience with the president. 
 - To discuss what? 
 - She wouldn't say. 
 Is this a joke? 
 You don't get to sit down at the White House  and demand a meeting with the leader of the free world. 
 You do if CNN's already picked up the story. 
 God, I hate a free press. 
 - Yeah, the feeling's mutual. 
 - Okay, um, I'll sit down with Ms. 
 Cousins. 
 Okay. 
 That way at least I can say she had an audience with senior staff. 
 No. 
 Not good enough. 
 I'm sorry, have you, uh... 
 Have you seen Lyor? 
 He's 5'10". 
 Blue eyes. 
 Definitely dropped on his head. 
 It's optics, Seth. 
 Right now, this prison video depicts the president as heartless and heavy-handed. 
 What better counterpoint than a meeting with an historically oppressed minority? 
 One that makes him look calm, humane, thoughtful. 
 Presidential. 
 Or we can just let everybody run the video of the Ocheole getting arrested. 
 On a loop! 
 This'll be a nice companion piece to the president berating a prisoner. 
 Good morning. 
 Gary, good to see you. 
 Thank you so much for coming. 
 It's good to see you too, Mr. 
 President. 
 Having you as a trustee for Alex's foundation  would've meant the world to her. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Tom, it's good to see you. 
 I was told you were gonna be delayed. 
 Shuffled a few work things. 
 Caught an early flight from the city. 
 How are the kids? 
 They're doing the best they can. 
 Sorry we didn't get to talk at Alex's funeral,  but I'm honored to be a trustee of her foundation. 
 Right. 
 Kendra, this is my brother, Trey. 
 Kendra's the White House's counsel. 
 - Of course. 
 It's a pleasure. 
 - Same. 
 If you could give us a moment... 
 Ah, attorney-client privilege. 
 I know all about it. 
 I give you my proxy. 
 Let me know when this is wrapped up. 
 Yes, sir. 
 - How many people are in the sit-in? 
 - Approximately 30. 
 - And her name is Cousins? 
 - Ms. Cousins. 
 Thank you. 
 - Ms. Cousins. 
 - Mr. President. 
 You should know that I'm not in the habit of giving audiences to people  who engage in obstructive behavior, especially here in this building. 
 Yes, sir. 
 But I am more than aware that this nation, at times,  has treated its indigenous peoples very, very harshly. 
 So I would like to hear what you have to say. 
 Please, sit. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 I'll be brief. 
 Eighteen years ago, the Ocheole were the victims of eminent domain  to make way for a commercial development. 
 We were removed from our homes and forced onto a small plot of land. 
 - I'm very sorry to hear that. 
 - Now we're being evicted again. 
 Phase two, the developer calls it. 
 We're a small tribe. 
 And each relocation severs our connection to our land and each other. 
 Ma'am, eminent domain is a local matter. 
 I'm afraid Emily's right. 
 Regardless of how moved I may be by your complaint,  this is not a matter for the federal government. 
 No, sir. 
 But it involves you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I don't follow. 
 The development was the Wannachobee project outside Pensacola. 
 The developer went out of state to hire someone  who specialized in complicated land use issues. 
 Wannachobee. 
 Yes. 
 They tapped a young architect who fiercely advocated  for the conversion of our land for commercial use. 
 - You're saying I did this to you? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 And if you don't help us now, our tribe is going to vanish forever. 
 Mr. President. 
 Billy! 
 Great to see you. 
 - Thank you very much for coming. 
 - Of course, Mr. President. 
 This is my Chief of Staff, Emily Rhodes. 
 Billy was my first hire at my architecture firm. 
 He ran point on the Wannachobee project. 
 Please. 
 - Heard a lot about you, Mr. Winton. 
 - Billy. 
 I could tell you stories about your boss. 
 Eighteen-hour days. 
 Chewing coffee beans to stay awake. 
 That's because we couldn't figure out how to work the coffee machine. 
 Billy was 23 when I hired him. 
 Looked like he was 12. 
 You've come a long way. 
 I learned from the best. 
 Well, I clearly wasn't at my best when I drew this up. 
 What have you found out? 
 I've been through all the old papers. 
 The Ocheole weren't a federally recognized tribe. 
 Of the 1,400 families that we relocated,  barely a few hundred identified as Ocheole. 
 They weren't raising much of a stink at the time of the eminent domain. 
 I don't remember any opposition. 
 If I'd known about this, I would not have done it. 
 Of course not. 
 There wasn't much organized opposition to your plan. 
 That's probably 'cause we managed to convince the county  to compensate people for their homes above market value. 
 Wannachobee's thriving. 
 It's become one of the most profitable mixed-use developments in the country. 
 It's environmentally sound, aesthetically pleasing. 
 What about the housing that the residents were relocated to? 
 Unfortunately, that neighborhood hasn't fared quite as well. 
 Lower middle-class. 
 High unemployment. 
 Is our old client, Alton Prast, still involved? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Alton will outlive Methuselah. 
 He's building phase two. 
 He always struck me as a reasonable man. 
 What if we got him and Lacey Cousins together, hammered out a deal? 
 - I'll set it up. 
 - Thank you. 
 I hear Trey's in the building. 
 Yeah. 
 Think I could talk him into beer and wings? 
 It's been a long time. 
 If you're willing to foot the bill, you could talk him into anything. 
 That's what the corporate card is for. 
 I've had a team working on the prison hack 24/7. 
 We scanned the prison mainframe's OS. 
 Confirmed that their system had been hacked. 
 Let me guess. 
 The same signature as our NASA and Roscosmos hacks. 
 Yes. 
 An embedded code. 
 06231912. 
 - Which means what? 
 - No clue. 
 Could be, uh, a cipher,  a randomly generated number, a polynomial artifact. 
 But the headline question is: why would someone target both rockets and prisons? 
 What's the connection? 
 Is it a state actor? 
 A consortium? 
 Who or what is behind this? 
 - I already told you, I don't know. 
 - And why don't I believe you? 
 Why am I still wearing an ankle bracelet when I've been helping? 
 It's either that or a 30-year term for espionage. 
 You wanna take your pick? 
 She's right. 
 Pony up with something if you wanna stay out of prison. 
 Valeria Poriskova. 
 Who's she? 
 My handler at the Russian Embassy. 
 She was running my hacking investigation. 
 I'm sure she still is. 
 Maybe she'd be willing to pool resources. 
 When's the last time you contacted her? 
 Three months ago. 
 Just before you shot me. 
 But not since? 
 No. 
 The Russians think I'm dead. 
 Remember? 
 Seems that everyone is underestimating your resilience, Damian. 
 I know Valeria really well. 
 I'll brief you. 
 We have a dossier. 
 There's stuff about her that won't be in the dossier... 
 Thank you, but I'd rather not get fed before I know what I'm eating. 
 If we have more questions, we know where to find you. 
 You know, I'm liking you more each day. 
 Ms. Poriskova? 
 Thank you for meeting me. 
 What is this about? 
 My government would like to pool intelligence. 
 I don't know what you mean. 
 I'm a cultural attaché. 
 Yeah, and I'm the queen of England. 
 Look, our governments have been targets of the same hacker. 
 We worked together to save the astronauts, but our common enemy is still out there,  and his targets include the United States and Russia. 
 I don't know about any hacking investigation. 
 That's not what Damian Rennett says. 
 And I know you've been running him. 
 So it is true, then. 
 The traitor is not dead. 
 I'm not here to talk about Damian. 
 I'm here to talk about the hack. 
 So talk. 
 I can take investigational liberties on American soil that you can't. 
 So, show me what you have and let's nail this guy. 
 You want us to continue cooperating? 
 We are happy to. 
 Right after you return Damian to us. 
 I'm sorry. 
 That's not gonna happen. 
 Then we have nothing to talk about. 
 We return him to you, we need assurance at the highest level  that Russia won't liquidate him. 
 That he can still function as a joint resource. 
 Would your government give such assurances  if one of your spies sought refuge at the Kremlin? 
 Yes, if that spy had knowledge that would help our countries. 
 The knowledge that Damian has belongs to us. 
 As he does. 
 You are only borrowing him. 
 But that lease will soon be up. 
 Anything happens to him, you will regret it. 
 I imagine you know something about regret. 
 Excuse me? 
 He will compromise you. 
 Just like he compromised me. 
 Alton, inshort, I'm proposing a land swap. 
 A parcel of federal land that's very close to the current developments. 
 But not contiguous and not near the highway. 
 I realize it's a big ask. 
 But if my people are uprooted,  we lose our ancestral land and our heritage. 
 And I'm sorry for your plight, but the answer is no. 
 Alton, please. 
 The time for this fight was 18 years ago. 
 My late father, Jacob, was the tribal chairman then. 
 He was old. 
 Opposition was beyond him. 
 But it's not beyond me. 
 The law is. 
 Mr. 
 President, you were a great architect. 
 This development of yours has created thousands of jobs. 
 It's added millions to the economy. 
 It's something that we should both be proud of it. 
 And I have no intention of undoing it. 
 Ms. 
 Cousins, I know this isn't what you want. 
 But if you would be willing to take the land swap instead,  the government would make it well worth your while. 
 Sir, my people trace our roots back 800 years to the Florida Peninsula. 
 We were 90,000-strong at our peak. 
 - You know how many Ocheole are left? 
 - No, ma'am. 
 Fourteen hundred. 
 And every time we move, more of our people scatter. 
 Our current situation is not ideal. 
 Whatever it looks like now,  for generations, we've planted on this land and fished on it. 
 Our ancestors are buried on it. 
 And if we leave, we're signing our people's death warrant. 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm very sorry, Mr. President, but what's done can't be undone. 
 Alton, if I believed that were true, I wouldn't never have taken this job. 
 Excuse me, gentlemen. 
 Know the longest sit-in at a federal building? 
 Twenty-five days. 
 They can't stay here. 
 The dirt on those floors. 
 Ugh. 
 The saddle sores. 
 I've rerouted traffic and canceled the rest of today's tours. 
 That kid on the computer, he's a real trooper. 
 He's protesting and working. 
 He's a good multitasker. 
 This can't continue. 
 You're right. 
 But here's the thing. 
 Film crews are waiting for these people to be carried out and cuffed,  and that's not gonna happen. 
 So either we negotiate our way out of this,  or the Ocheole may have just found new tribal land. 
 The First Lady's proposal was to apportion the foundation's assets equally  to refugee assistance groups, homeless shelters for young girls  and heart disease research. 
 Any objection? 
 Yes. 
 Uh, I'm not convinced this is an ideal allocation. 
 I'd like to continue discussion. 
 All due respect, Trey, we've been debating this for two hours. 
 I thought the idea was to rubber-stamp Alex's wishes. 
 I think the idea was for the trustees to weigh in  or we wouldn't be asked to vote. 
 Come on, Trey... 
 Kendra, am I being out of line? 
 'Cause if not, I think we still have some stuff to flesh out. 
 Trey is right. 
 The charter requires a unanimous vote. 
 Let's keep talking. 
 Hey, how goes it? 
 Slow. 
 The president's brother is pretty deliberate. 
 What's his story? 
 Kirkman's only sibling. 
 Successful trader out of New York. 
 I've never heard the president mention his name. 
 They're in and out of each other's lives. 
 Mostly out. 
 There's history there. 
 The president doesn't talk about it. 
 Alex must have liked him. 
 All trustees are important figures in her life. 
 - You need to see something now. 
 - What? 
 I'm so grateful to my brothers and sisters  from tribal nations all over the country. 
 More joining every hour. 
 Here to support the Ocheole people in our struggle to save our sacred land. 
 Did you meet with the president? 
 Yes. 
 He offered us a land swap and here's what I told him:  No to selling out our heritage. 
 No to an architect who was paid to put us in this situation. 
 No. 
 Save our land! 
 - Seth... 
 - I'm on it. 
 We've got dozens of Ocheole staging a protest in the White House. 
 Other tribes staging a protest outside. 
 And no way to remove them without handcuffs and a paddy wagon. 
 You know what we need to tell the president? 
 I do. 
 "You broke it, you fix it."  Yeah. 
 Damn it. 
 The president was not aware  he was displacing the Ocheole at the time he was hired. 
 - Is he attempting to resolve the situation? 
 - Yes. 
 He's met with the head of the Ocheole nation and the developer. 
 He's consulting with the Alachua County Land Use Commission. 
 What would the president like to say  to the 60 tribes protesting outside the White House? 
 That he respects the Ocheole's plight  and, um, he's working hard to craft a solution. 
 Commissioner, I know the protestors on Pennsylvania Avenue aren't permitted. 
 But I would appreciate it if not a single one was removed. 
 Thank you for your understanding. 
 Goodbye. 
 I spoke to the Bureau of Indian Affairs about recognizing the Ocheole as a nation. 
 Good. 
 Then we could put the land in a trust, stop any further development. 
 The BIA has declined to recognize the Ocheole in the past. 
 If we renew the application, it could take years. 
 Can we cut through the red tape with a new executive order  giving the Ocheole people federal recognition? 
 It's an end run, but there's no procedural bar. 
 Start the process. 
 I also need to update you on your wife's foundation. 
 - Is it settled? 
 - No, sir. 
 We may have a problem. 
 It's your brother. 
 Trey, you know the definition of irony? 
 I'm sure you're gonna enlighten me. 
 My brother, who I haven't had a meaningful conversation with  in God knows how long, goes into a meeting about my wife's legacy  and makes himself the center of attention! 
 That wasn't my goal. 
 - Then what was? 
 - To get your attention. 
 - You've got it. 
 What do you want? 
 - To fix things between us. 
 - Why now? 
 - Tom... 
 Seriously, Trey, why now? 
 I get tenure at Columbia, you send me an e-mail two months later. 
 You hadn't returned my last two calls. 
 Most of my White House staff didn't even know you existed  because you've never been to a White House function. 
 You know I travel for business. 
 Then you show up at my wife's funeral and don't talk to me. 
 'Cause you were surrounded by Secret Service. 
 Same old Trey. 
 Always got an excuse. 
 I don't need an excuse. 
 I have an explanation. 
 Every time I reach out to you, you don't reach back. 
 You don't treat me like a brother, Tom. 
 You treat me like an infection. 
 'Cause you're a runner. 
 That's what you do. 
 You run. 
 That was a long time ago. 
 Not for me. 
 Our mother was dying. 
 For three years, I did everything I could to hold it together. 
 You know what you were doing? 
 Backpacking in Bali. 
 Surfing in Maui. 
 That's not why I left. 
 I can't wait to hear this one. 
 Why'd you leave, Trey? 
 Because I was a screw-up. 
 The problem child. 
 And I knew that if I stayed, everyone would be taking care of me instead of Mom. 
 Going was my way of helping. 
 Do you even understand how selfish you sound? 
 You leaving hurt Mom more than your staying ever could have. 
 I'm sorry. 
 If you're honestly sorry, you'll go back in there,  sign off on Alex's wishes and leave. 
 What are you working on? 
 College application essay. 
 Where are you applying? 
 - Wesleyan's my first choice. 
 - I'm class of 2003. 
 I do alumni interviews, go back for reunions. 
 The whole shebang. 
 What's your essay about? 
 - It's why I want to be a radiologist. 
 - No, that's terrible. 
 One of the application suggestions was to write about future goals. 
 It's a trap. 
 Trust me, if you write about something boring like that,  they'll use your application as kindling. 
 Uh, you need to separate yourself from the pack. 
 You have to write about, uh... 
 Well, I know exactly what you can write about. 
 The time you heroically participated in a White House sit-in. 
 - But I'm still participating. 
 - That's fine. 
 The application doesn't come with sodium pentothal. 
 Here, give it. 
 I'm supposed to write it myself. 
 Oh, you will. 
 I'm just gonna give you a couple of pointers, that's all. 
 Come on. 
 Come on. 
 Come on. 
 Alton's offering $20 million to be distributed to the displaced families,  in addition to what the county's giving them for eminent domain. 
 It's a generous proposal. 
 But money is not the answer here, Billy. 
 This is their land. 
 It's what defines them. 
 Historically, our country has treated its indigenous people shamefully. 
 We've taken what we've wanted, whenever we want. 
 Now, I've contributed to that shame. 
 - How? 
 - Because I missed this. 
 I was so focused on making my company successful, I got sloppy. 
 You couldn't have known about the Ocheole. 
 I should have, but I didn't do my due diligence properly. 
 I can't escape my role in this thing. 
 There's been a hiccup. 
 Alton Prast has moved to enjoin your executive order. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 We're gonna have to figure out how to neutralize this opposition. 
 Whatever it takes. 
 All the 2009 Yankees signed this? 
 Yep. 
 I was only missing Mariano's signature. 
 How'd you wrangle it? 
 Made my dad invite him to the White House for dinner. 
 More effective than my method,  which was ambushing the players outside Tavern on the Green. 
 Hey, there's a Capitals game tonight. 
 Secret Service is a pain, but we'll have the whole row to ourselves. 
 Oh, I'd love to go, buddy. 
 I gotta catch a plane. 
 Get back to work. 
 But you have an office here. 
 You can telecommute, right? 
 No, it's not that simple. 
 It kind of is. 
 You're family, but we never see you. 
 We're not exactly having big Sunday dinners around here. 
 I know. 
 Stick around for once. 
 Please. 
 We need you, Uncle Trey. 
 And I'm here for you. 
 But your dad and me... 
 If my mom's death doesn't bring you two together,  what's going to? 
 Whatever the issue is, how can it matter this much? 
 What matters is that I love you and your sister. 
 And I'm just a phone call away. 
 I'll see you soon. 
 Your prison hack investigation must've stirred things up. 
 Paul, is this accurate? 
 Accurate enough to bring to your attention. 
 So there's gonna be an attempt on Damian's life. 
 That's what the chatter says. 
 Who's after him? 
 Who isn't? 
 The Russians want him dead. 
 The British see him as the greatest traitor since the Cambridge Five. 
 And our mysterious hacker wants Damian off his tail. 
 - So what do you suggest? 
 - Cut him loose. 
 - Thanks for the intel. 
 - Hannah... 
 This guy's radioactive. 
 Is this thing goes south, you don't wanna be in the same zip code. 
 "I believe I can contribute to the success of the Wesleyan student body,  and that's why I'm sitting down, writing to you now."   
 - Okay. 
 - Is it good? 
 Yes, it's very good. 
 If by "good," you mean bad. 
 
 
 
 Sorry, I should mix criticism with praise. 
 Uh, this shows a firm grasp of the alphabet. 
 A sit-in's a bad idea for an application essay. 
 It's not the subject. 
 It's how you treat it. 
 You're writing about civil disobedience here. 
 You need to infuse the topic with a sense of jeopardy. 
 Jeopardy? 
 There you were, on the barricades, fighting for your life. 
 Aware that every moment could be your last. 
 That kind of thing. 
 I really don't like this topic. 
 You need to look at this essay like your future depends on it. 
 What do you do around here? 
 I bring the magic. 
 Yeah? 
 All right. 
 The place is clean. 
 No bugs. 
 No hidden cameras. 
 How long do I have to stay here for? 
 Until we know we can keep you safe. 
 You need us, you call us. 
 Oh, on a phone you're monitoring. 
 That's more freedom than you deserve. 
 It was real, you know. 
 I know you think I worked you. 
 And I did, but... 
 I cared. 
 The two things are not mutually exclusive. 
 No, you played me. 
 And that's not even the worst part. 
 The worst part is that you're still doing it. 
 Save our land! 
 Save our land! 
 Save our land! 
 Save our land! 
 Kendra, there are 600 people in front of the White House,  - and the number keeps growing. 
 - I know. 
 Oh, my God! 
 I guess court didn't go well. 
 Judge shut us down cold. 
 I filed for an appeal. 
 I got documents from Lacey Cousins that used to belong to her father,  - but there's no damn filing system. 
 - The Ocheole are trending on Twitter. 
 Great. 
 Our PR problem's getting worse by the minute. 
 Ms. Daynes... 
 Willens gave an interview about how out of touch the White House is. 
 The prison visit, the Wannachobee project... 
 - Ms. Daynes? 
 - One second. 
 We need to turn this plane around before it crashes into a mountain. 
 You mean, "before the ship hits the iceberg."  Same thing. 
 More people die in shipwrecks than plane crashes. 
 More planes crash than ships wreck. 
 - Oh, my God, you two. 
 - Ms. Daynes? 
 - What is it, Tricia? 
 - I found something. 
 It's a letter Ms. Cousins' father sent to the president's architectural firm  before Alton Prast broke ground on the project. 
 Thank you. 
 Hmm. 
 - Mr. President. 
 - Do you recognize this? 
 No. 
 It's a letter addressed to me, dated February 2000,  from tribal chairman Jacob Cousins,  begging me to turn down Alton Prast's commission  because of what the development would do to his people. 
 Except I never saw it. 
 Only two of us were working at the time. 
 You were handling the mail. 
 I know this is hard to understand. 
 All I ever wanted to do was help you. 
 Did you deliberately withhold this letter from me, yes or no? 
 - Yes. 
 - Why? 
 We needed the contract. 
 We were doing fine. 
 No, we weren't. 
 You kept turning down commissions. 
 "This development would affect the water table. 
 That development was racially polarizing."  Because those things mattered to me, damn it! 
 We would've gone under and I didn't want you to fail. 
 I didn't want us to fail. 
 What you don't understand is we did fail. 
 Right then and there. 
 An architect's first responsibility is to the people  - who are affected by his work. 
 - That's the wrong way to look at it. 
 As far as I'm concerned, there is no other way. 
 Here's one. 
 The Wannachobee project launched your firm. 
 It made you one of the most influential architects on the East Coast,  which led to your academic career, your HUD appointment,  which led to this office... 
 where you've done so much good. 
 Helped so many people. 
 And if this development is the cost... 
 Goodbye, Billy. 
 I appreciate your acceptance of responsibility, Mr. President,  but it doesn't solve our problem. 
 The White House Counsel is working to stay the injunction. 
 Respectfully, sir, to what end? 
 In the history of the United States, the judiciary has given Natives next to nothing. 
 - I know. 
 - Just like Congress. 
 All these treaties that the US government broke, failed to enforce... 
 Treaties? 
 Yes, sir. 
 The Pickering Treaty. 
 Potawatomi Treaty. 
 Treaty K. 
 I can go on and on. 
 Were the Ocheole signatories to any of these treaties? 
 I don't believe so, no. 
 But they could've been. 
 Your people were there, right? 
 - Sir? 
 - Get me Kendra Daynes, please. 
 A 200-year-old treaty between Spain and the United States. 
 - Is this some kind of a joke? 
 - No, Alton, it's not. 
 In the 1700s, the kingdom of Spain  made deals with the indigenous peoples of the Florida Peninsula. 
 In exchange for various guarantees,  Spain agreed to safeguard the tribal lands. 
 Spain finally ceded Florida to the US in 1819. 
 We took responsibility for those treaties, which are still in play. 
 So you're saying the development can't proceed. 
 I'm saying that you won't be taking any more land from these people. 
 Not today, tomorrow or ever. 
 Eighteen years ago, I took a chance on some young architect  that no one had ever heard of. 
 I built your reputation. 
 And now you repay me by undermining me? 
 Let's talk about undermining. 
 You and Billy lied to me. 
 You concealed from me the true impact of what our development would do to these people. 
 What choice did I have? 
 You always let your scruples get in the way of progress. 
 Billy knew that. 
 That's why he worked with me. 
 Your problem wasn't my scruples. 
 It was your lack of them. 
 Let's see if you can find some on the way out. 
 Ms. 
 Cousins, your land will remain yours. 
 The treaty is binding, no matter what. 
 I don't know how to thank you. 
 I do. 
 Please tell your people who are sitting out in our hall to stand up. 
 They can go home now. 
 Um, kid... 
 So this isn't what we talked about at all. 
 I know. 
 It's better. 
 "This is a story about how I was co-opted by a high-ranking government official..."  - That's me, I take it. 
 - Mm-hmm. 
 "...bullied by a tyrannical establishment, and how I fought for my basic rights."  You said to use historical allusions. 
 I compared you to Mao. 
 Mao. 
 Yes, I got that. 
 Uh, "All petty despots seek to trample the free speech rights of their citizens. 
 All free peoples must assert their fundamental liberty."  - "Trample"? 
 - Trample. 
 - "Petty despot," huh? 
 - Yeah. 
 - You know what I think? 
 - What? 
 You just punched your ticket to Wesleyan. 
 Yeah. 
 Tons of jeopardy in there too. 
 I loved it. 
 What the hell? 
 You're welcome. 
 No prints back on our friend yet. 
 Car plates come back stolen. 
 How'd he get in? 
 He jumped the roof of a neighboring complex. 
 He entered through the vent in the bedroom ceiling. 
 We had him all the way. 
 Never any doubt. 
 Hey, Chuck, where are we with his laptop? 
 We recovered one from the guy's trunk. 
 Good news, bad news situation. 
 The bad news is I can't get past the firewalls. 
 And? 
 Right, good news. 
 I tapped into enough of the motherboard  to recognize the same programming signature as our previous hacks. 
 Right. 
 Our would-be assassin did act more like a trained operative. 
 My guess is he's not a techie and the hacker gave him the laptop. 
 And didn't want anyone accessing it because it was a blueprint to get to me. 
 So the space station and prison hacks, the attempt on Damian's life,  - it's all connected? 
 - Yeah. 
 You used me as bait. 
 You leaked the intel to Valeria that I was alive to see if the Russians wanted me dead. 
 Yes, but they didn't. 
 They knew you could help us solve the hack. 
 Which is why the hacker wanted you dead and Russia doesn't. 
 At least not yet. 
 Maybe you should think twice next time you try to get me killed. 
 Maybe you should tell us everything you know. 
 The attempt on your life tells us you haven't. 
 Let's get that laptop to IT at the bureau. 
 IT? 
 Fine. 
 What the hell just happened? 
 Someone hacked the battery. 
 Set it to overheat. 
 Is it salvageable? 
 I'm thinking no. 
 Burgers tonight, right? 
 Dad, I need to ask you a question. 
 Sure. 
 What is it? 
 Did you tell Uncle Trey to go? 
 Is that what he said? 
 No. 
 He didn't say anything. 
 I know why he's never here. 
 It's because you don't make him feel welcome. 
 It's not that simple, Leo. 
 You and Uncle Trey, you're exactly the same. 
 If Penny and I weren't on good terms, what would you do? 
 - You wouldn't stand for it, right? 
 - Leo... 
 No, no. 
 You're always talking about family. 
 But what about ours? 
 Mom's gone. 
 Grandma moved back to Paris. 
 We need Uncle Trey in our lives. 
 But every time one of you walks in, the other walks right back out. 
 That's not what family does, right? 
 No, it's not. 
 We should be hearing applause over the Ocheole resolution,  but we're not because it's not getting any press. 
 Because it's prison-palooza. 
 He's right, Em. 
 Three news cycles in a row. 
 Rampant speculation about the president's state of mind, fitness. 
 We either put this behind us or it starts defining his presidency. 
 Look, guys, we've been over this. 
 The president isn't going to address it. 
 Yes, the president is. 
 I wanna thank you all for bearing with me. 
 I'm still pretty new at this. 
 And sometimes I forget, as president,  my actions are seen around the world and I have to be held accountable for them. 
 Answer for them, even if I don't want to. 
 You'll issue a statement? 
 I'm prepared to do more than that. 
 Thank you. 
 Good evening, my fellow Americans. 
 Many of you have seen a video of me confronting the man  whose negligence resulted in my wife's death. 
 That visit was unfair to a man who had already been tried and convicted  and unbecoming to the holder of this office. 
 I am your president. 
 But I am also a man who recently lost his wife of 18 years. 
 I struggle with that every day. 
 And sometimes, that struggle gets the better of me. 
 But I make you this vow. 
 I will work every day trying to be a better man tomorrow  than I was the day before. 
 And a better president. 
 Because that's what the American people deserve. 
 I can only hope that you can understand and accept my apology. 
 God bless you. 
 And God bless these United States of America. 
 And we're clear. 
 That'll do. 
 I was at the gate when I got the call. 
 I know. 
 I'm glad they caught you. 
 Please, sit. 
 I saw your apology. 
 It was good. 
 Thank you. 
 That was the public one. 
 I owe a private one. 
 To you. 
 You don't. 
 Yeah, I do, Trey. 
 I'm your older brother. 
 I'm supposed to help you get through things. 
 Whatever happened, whatever I think happened,  I need to let go of. 
 I need to move on. 
 It doesn't matter anymore. 
 'Cause we're family. 
 Yeah. 
 You know what it's like having Tom Kirkman as your brother? 
 Eagle Scout. 
 Summa cum laude. 
 Rhodes scholar. 
 No one ever expected you to do all those things. 
 Because I couldn't. 
 It's why I stopped trying. 
 It's why I got into trouble. 
 Just figured, if I couldn't be good, then... 
 Might as well be bad. 
 Yeah. 
 I think I figured out why Alex wanted you as a trustee. 
 It was her way of, one day, bringing us back together. 
 Making sure I could look out for you. 
 I think she wanted me to look out for you. 
 Seriously? 
 Alex called me right when you got sworn in. 
 She said you had the loneliest job in the world. 
 I... 
 I miss her so much, Trey. 
 I lost one of my oldest friends today. 
 I don't wanna lose anyone else. 
 You never lost me, Tom. 
 I just couldn't find my way back. 
 I promise you, I won't run again. 
 Okay. 
 I don't know exactly what to do right now. 
 Me neither. 
 But we'll do it together. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 