Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Home - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Home https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40966 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/23/20 08:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Home 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Designated Survivor"... 
 I didn't want to set off any alarm bells unless I had to. 
 You already have. 
 By stonewalling a police investigation into the murder of a contractor  who allegedly bribed the First Lady's mother? 
 Allegedly, John. 
 This is Lloyd. 
 This is his last desperate act to bring down the president. 
 You subpoenaed the First Lady's mother after we spoke? 
 - Hannah... 
 - Why did you do it? 
 Icarus Astrotech contract with the Defense Department. 
 For $3 billion. 
 They landed it six months ago, right after Lloyd's Pentagon hack,  and the Icarus signatory is Eric Little, who bribed the First Lady's mother,  the guy who just turned up dead. 
 "You're being subpoenaed by John Foerstel"? 
 For what? 
 Foerstel's found a Saint Lucian bank account  set up by Eric Little six months ago... 
 in my name. 
 You're the greatest thing since sliced bread. 
 And bread is great, fundamentally great, like water. 
 Or air. 
 Or you. 
 Sir, we're at 30 miles out. 
 We're about to go dark. 
 Okay. 
 Is that my Macallan? 
 Well, it was a gift from the Duke of Windsor, so technically, it's the American people's Macallan,  - and I am the American people. 
 - What can I do for you, Lyor? 
 - Did it come off? 
 - Without a hitch. 
 President is out of the country for 48 hours and no one is the wiser. 
 Good. 
 You and Seth are gonna have to be on your toes  - to keep a lid on this. 
 - We got the memo, thanks. 
 I'm saying if the press trips to the fact  that the President is halfway around the world  in a place where his persona is decidedly non grata... 
 - He could be in danger. 
 Got it. 
 - If Congress finds out... 
 - Lyor. 
 - My work here is done. 
 - Sorry I couldn'tjoin you guys. 
 - Oh, don't worry about it. 
 Well, the President's not here,  so I need to grab the reins, man the ramparts. 
 Mix the metaphors. 
 I'm just saying, I want to meet your brother. 
 And you will. 
 Meantime, be kind to the English language. 
 It's our friend. 
 Later, Strunk and White. 
 So, you're dating your boss, huh? 
 How's that work? 
 Mikey, tonight's about you, okay? 
 My little brother just killed the MCATs. 
 My big brother celebrates by dragging me  to "Gotterdammerung."  - Yeah. 
 I hate opera. 
 - I know. 
 That's why I dragged you. 
 Can we please get a drink now? 
 Sure, maybe a nice gewurztraminer, because after Brunnhilde... 
 Seth. 
 I'm going 35. 
 And riding the median. 
 I don't work for the White House, okay? 
 This will be on TMZ in 10 minutes. 
 We don't know if this guy's trophy hunting. 
 Okay, just, uh, don't say anything. 
 Just let me handle this. 
 Good evening, Officer. 
 Is there a problem? 
 Step out of the vehicle, sir. 
 Welcome to Bagram, Mr. President. 
 It's an honor, General. 
 - Welcome, Mr. President. 
 - Mr. President. 
 Thank you very much! 
 Thank you! 
 Oh, yeah! 
 Thank you. 
 Well, I was in the neighborhood, so I thought I'd stop by. 
 Truth is, I had to get out of Washington. 
 It's war there. 
 Thank you. 
 The reason I'm here is because  I want to express my deepest gratitude not only for myself,  but on behalf of the American people, for your incredible sacrifice and service. 
 Each and every single one of you has answered our nation's call to protect her. 
 You are the front line of America's longest-standing war. 
 Now, some of you are new to Bagram,  some of you have been here for several tours,  but America thanks each and every one of you. 
 Having said that, it is my honor to be able to serve you breakfast today. 
 Where the hell is Harry? 
 And I heard Harry just got his first Michelin star. 
 Second, sir. 
 Let's hope I'm not the reason you lose one of them. 
 Come on, let's eat! 
 Let's go! 
 Harry! 
 Great to meet you, Harry. 
 There you go, son. 
 - Thank you. 
 - Corporal, how long you been here? 
 This is my second tour of duty, sir, so four years. 
 - Extra bacon for you. 
 - Thank you, sir. 
 - So, you're from Boston? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Does that make you a Red Sox fan? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 No bacon for you, Private. 
 Oh, come on, Mr. President. 
 He's a growing boy. 
 Okay, fine. 
 I'll make an exception just this one time. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 - You get back to Philly often? 
 - Uh, not as often as I'd like. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Waiting on my 20. 
 20 years in this man's army. 
 How long you been away? 
 Pretty much all of it, sir. 
 - Are you married? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Maddy, high-school sweetheart. 
 She was a waitress when we met. 
 You might say food brought us together. 
 We always used to talk about opening up a restaurant  in Passyunk, serve the swells. 
 Well, we're gonna have to work on getting you back home to her soon. 
 Mr. President. 
 I've got some business to take care of. 
 Hey, would you mind whipping me up something while I'm gone? 
 What'll you have, sir? 
 A taste of Philadelphia, Chef. 
 She's waiting for you, sir. 
 - Everything set? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Mr. President. 
 Thank you. 
 Agent Wells. 
 Mr. President, welcome to Afghanistan. 
 This is Kabul Station Chief Kevin Dean. 
 - Agent Wells has told me a lot about you. 
 - And I can tell you a lot about her, sir. 
 We had the pleasure of working here together for four years  before she left the Agency for the FBI. 
 - She's the best there is. 
 - I agree with you. 
 I know you both have been working hard to lay the groundwork for this,  so why don't you walk me through it? 
 We've been fighting this war for the last 16 years, sir. 
 2,200 American troops killed in Afghanistan since 2001,  20,000 wounded. 
 Of the 98 U.S.-designated terrorist organizations,  20 of them operate here. 
 40% of the country's controlled by warlords. 
 That's 3 million Afghans living under insurgent control. 
 Which brings us to our mission, sir. 
 Mullah Fayad, Mullah Bahri:  the two most powerful warlords in Afghanistan. 
 And with U.S. backing, one of them will  consolidate power in this region over the next few months. 
 We can make them a trusted ally. 
 The problem is, sir, chatter suggests  that one of them is planning a major attack on U.S. soil. 
 We back the right horse, he can help us stop it. 
 - And we can finally bring our troops home. 
 - Yes sir. 
 Unless we back the wrong horse. 
 Then we bring a terrorist into the fold. 
 So, all of our assets, all of our intel,  and we still don't know which one we can trust? 
 No, sir. 
 Well, I hope these meetings help your people  make the right call, because if we get this wrong,  we could be responsible for our nation's next 9/11. 
 You're a sight for sore eyes. 
 Thanks for bailing me out. 
 200 tabs of modafinil, Seth? 
 It's a drug which half the White House takes. 
 - With a prescription. 
 - The search was illegal, Kendra. 
 Maybe, but so were the drugs. 
 Isn't this the part where you tell me you're gonna help me get out of this? 
 No, this is the part where I tell you  you were in possession of enough of a Schedule Ill drug  that you are looking at felony intent to distribute. 
 For the pharmaceutical equivalent of caffeine? 
 I know, but it's a five-year minimum. 
 That's what the sentencing guidelines say. 
 I don't know where to begin. 
 What were you thinking? 
 - Em... 
 - 200 pills? 
 I know. 
 It was bad judgment. 
 Bad judgment is a brown belt with black shoes. 
 - This was... 
 - Apocalyptically bad judgment. 
 You work for the White House. 
 A fact that I made sure to conceal from the arresting officer. 
 Seth. 
 Em, I'm running out of ways to say I'm sorry. 
 - Improvise. 
 - Okay, look... 
 I know how compromising this is,  but I would take it back if I could. 
 Obviously I can't, so just tell me what to do to fix this, and I'll fix it. 
 You're on the bench until this clears up; no briefings, no nothing. 
 Low profile means no profile. 
 - Okay. 
 - Okay. 
 - Are you gonna loop the President in? 
 - I don't know. 
 I'm just saying if, um... 
 if we get it dismissed, it's like it never happened. 
 And I'm saying "I don't know."  I couldn't stand Oxford. 
 The weather. 
 It is my understanding that the Afghan winters are even harsher. 
 Yes. 
 But at least here there is sunlight. 
 In England, there is not. 
 Right. 
 Of course. 
 I'm going to be honest with you. 
 I believe that my predecessors made their fair share of mistakes. 
 The most obvious one to me  is their failure to understand your country's history. 
 For thousands of years, Afghanistan has relied  on tribal leaders to govern. 
 And to try and implement a Western democracy  without truly understanding that was shortsighted  and to many Afghans, deeply disrespectful. 
 For that, I am sorry. 
 I would like to extend my hand in partnership,  but I need to know, do I, in fact, have a partner? 
 You don't with me, sir. 
 Not as things stand. 
 America devotes all its resources to propping up a corrupt regime. 
 A regime that, at least, fights terrorism. 
 That uses your money to buy Ferraris and bomb our children. 
 Sir, both our nations have been down this road before. 
 Promises were made, our money spent,  yet everything remained the same. 
 What I'm interested in  is whether or not we can work together to effect meaningful change. 
 There is a way. 
 Changing hearts and minds one person at a time  takes generations. 
 At least it used to. 
 But I have a faster method. 
 I'm listening. 
 Technology. 
 With just a few keystrokes, I can compel millions;  a new Arab Spring. 
 - The old one led to an Arab Winter. 
 - Because the West didn't follow through. 
 My people turn to extremism out of desperation. 
 So if we were to help reduce the desperation... 
 I'll reduce the extremism. 
 And you can monitor me online,  make sure I'm holding up my end of the bargain. 
 This is very promising. 
 Mullah Bahri, thank you for your time. 
 Ah, please. 
 My followers refer to me as Zowan Haleek, "The young one."  Zowan Haleek. 
 I like that. 
 And it is true. 
 You are very young to lead so many. 
 Yes. 
 Because they know if they want a future,  they can't look to the past. 
 Hey, Mike. 
 I just need a minute with the President. 
 Regarding? 
 Last-minute materials for his meeting with Mullah Fayad. 
 I'll see that he gets them. 
 Okay, there's a couple of things I want to download myself. 
 - Is everything here? 
 - Yeah. 
 - I'll see that he gets them. 
 - Okay. 
 I got Seth's preliminary hearing moved up. 
 I know Judge Schroeder, so I called her chambers,  and she's willing to do me a favor and seal the proceedings. 
 Do you think we can get this kicked? 
 Depends on the mood she's in, depends on the cop. 
 If this goes to trial, it's front-page news,  and that is the last thing we need with the President out of town. 
 We have another problem. 
 The paperwork for Lyor's vetting finally came in,  and something came up, something big. 
 You've got to be kidding me. 
 - You've been married six years? 
 - Only technically. 
 Marriage is like pregnancy, Lyor. 
 You are or you aren't. 
 - It's complicated. 
 - Un-complicate it. 
 Julie and I were on and off. 
 I was about to take a job in London, so we went to Vegas, a last hurrah. 
 We had those drinks - you know, the iridescent blue ones. 
 They come in the yard-long glasses. 
 The fluid dynamics are very interesting. 
 Lyor. 
 One thing led to another, we wound up in this 24-hour chapel. 
 - It was all a joke. 
 - Well, the IRS won't be laughing. 
 You've been misfiling your income taxes. 
 - Fine. 
 I'll pay a penalty. 
 - You owe $826,000. 
 - Not fine. 
 - No, it's not. 
 You're looking at dozens of penalties, accrued interest,  and deductions that need to be reversed. 
 You can't work in the White House and be a tax cheat. 
 Have you and Julie lived together,  held yourself out as man and wife, shared finances? 
 No, we're not really in touch. 
 Okay, we can fix this if none of the conjugal trappings apply. 
 We'll argue  - that the marriage was a sham one. 
 - An annulment. 
 Yes, and the IRS will buy that the marriage wasn't real  if we get them the paperwork immediately,  which means the clock is ticking. 
 I'll reach out to Julie. 
 Give me her details. 
 I'll get the ball rolling. 
 - I need you to handle briefings for Seth. 
 - Why? 
 Because he suddenly has a legal problem, too,  a serious one, and we need to cover for him,  and no one knows more about what's going on in the White House than you. 
 - So I'm Press Secretary? 
 - For today. 
 I'm Press Secretary. 
 Hmm. 
 Thank you for the sugar, Mr. President. 
 The more sugar, the more honor. 
 And you are a man deserving of much. 
 As are you. 
 I was hoping that we could strike a deal  that would be honorable to both of us. 
 This cycle of violence must stop. 
 It will... 
 if your soldiers leave my country. 
 If you were to expel the terrorists that have planted their flags here  and close the madrasas that teach your children to hate America,  we would gladly do just that. 
 What are you offering? 
 To begin with, money and logistical support. 
 I've been offered these things before. 
 There's water in the well, but it quickly runs dry. 
 There's an old Pashtun proverb:  "It's the same donkey, but with a new saddle."  There is an American proverb:  "Those who fail to learn from the past are doomed to repeat it."  You dismiss the past. 
 My family has lived in the same village for 800 years. 
 This country is rooted in tradition. 
 With all due respect, sir, you're wrong. 
 I have great respect for your country's history and its traditions. 
 Then why did you meet with someone who has no respect for them? 
 Mullah Bahri. 
 An infidel and a liar. 
 Now, how can I find common ground  with someone who consorts with a man like that? 
 Would you not agree if one is to play the game,  it is important to know all the players? 
 Perhaps. 
 But the fact that you treat him as my equal says much about you. 
 To be honest, I'm not sure I can trust you. 
 I appreciate your forwardness  and can only hope that some day soon, we can remedy that. 
 - Thank you for the tea. 
 - Yes. 
 I repeat: the President's position  on private-school vouchers is under review. 
 Come on, Lyor. 
 He's flip-flopping. 
 Let's not talk about flip-flopping, Nate. 
 You've had four jobs in the past three years. 
 What I mean is, the President is reviewing the latest data  and will re-articulate his position shortly, okay? 
 Brian? 
 Can you give us a White House reaction to the new job report? 
 Seems a little weaker than expected. 
 Oh, then you obviously don't know how to read a jobs report. 
 Uh, there are these things, Brian... 
 They're called "numbers"... 
 Okay. 
 The economy is still growing and inflation remains weak,  so, yes, we are confident the employment dip is an aberration. 
 - Pretty good job in there. 
 - Well, thank you, Tiffany. 
 Your approval means absolutely nothing to me. 
 You're not still mad about my last byline, are you? 
 You mean the one where you spent 3,000 words  comparing the President's mother-in-law getting her dying husband a heart  - to a crime against humanity? 
 - Not in those words, but yeah. 
 Why are you filling in for Seth again? 
 - Because he's indisposed. 
 - What about the President? 
 - Indisposed. 
 - I'll bet you don't know the last time  the President didn't have at least one appearance. 
 But I do. 
 Never. 
 - Is there a question in there? 
 - More of an observation. 
 Seth, the President... 
 Indisposition seems to be going around. 
 I have no inclination to elaborate  on the disposition of our collective indisposition. 
 That doesn't even make sense. 
 Yeah, it does. 
 It just went over your head. 
 20 years of service. 
 What made you enlist? 
 Well, I wanted to be a pilot, but bad eyes put a stop to that. 
 And Maddy got pregnant, but I knew I could cook. 
 Boy can you. 
 - So, you have kids? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 My daughter, Scarlett, just graduated from Temple, top of her class. 
 What the hell was that? 
 Mr. President, we have to go, now! 
 Assemble at the command tent. 
 Air Force One, prepare for departure. 
 - Was the base hit? 
 - No, sir. 
 Suicide bomber leveled a market a few miles away. 
 It was a coordinated attack. 
 CIA safe house was also raided. 
 - American casualties? 
 - Four of our agents are dead, sir. 
 - Was Kevin Dean one of them? 
 - They think he got out. 
 He was seen leaving the back of the safe house. 
 - Any way we can reach him? 
 - No, sir. 
 Mr. President, we need to get you on this plane right now. 
 - Listen to me... 
 - I'll listen on the plane, sir. 
 Please just stop for one second. 
 Hear me out. 
 I know you can physically pick me up and put me on that plane against my will,  and I would have absolutely no recourse. 
 Hell, they'd probably give you a medal. 
 But if I leave now, we send a message to the enemy  that all it takes is one coordinated attack, and we bolt. 
 Let's finish this. 
 Phoenix is not rising. 
 I repeat, Phoenix is not rising. 
 Air Force One, stand by. 
 We received a distress signal from Dean. 
 I'm sending in TAC units to track the beacon on his vehicle. 
 It's about 50 miles outside of Kabul. 
 He's not going to be anywhere near the vehicle, General. 
 That's where the distress signal's coming from. 
 Yes, which means he's either dead or the insurgents are baiting you. 
 I'm not sure you're the military expert here, Agent Wells. 
 No, sir, I'm not, but I am an expert on Kevin Dean. 
 I've worked with him for four years in Kabul. 
 I know how he thinks, and there is no way that he would deliberately  leave that beacon in a stationary vehicle. 
 You're welcome to do things your way, Agent Wells. 
 I'm gonna do them mine. 
 - Aaron... 
 - Go. 
 If anything hinky jumps off, you high-tail it back,  - you hear me? 
 - Understood. 
 Hey, one more thing. 
 I'm gonna have to give you a partner. 
 Mike, this is a bad idea. 
 For who? 
 I spent six years in Special Forces. 
 This mission is tactical. 
 It's not military. 
 Local knowledge is crucial; knowledge you don't have. 
 My job is to protect the President,  and the President's not leaving the most dangerous place on Earth  until we find the Station Chief. 
 So I'm gonna find him  and get my boss the hell out of here. 
 I'm going with you instead of them because I think you're right. 
 Take the compliment. 
 The death toll is soaring  after a huge suicide explosion rocked Kabul just a few hours ago. 
 From an Afghan official, we are told that the blast  has taken at least 80 lives. 
 - Well, one of them's betrayed us already. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Nothing happens in Kabul without Mullah Bahri  or Mullah Fayad knowing about it. 
 And both of them have strategic reasons for doing this. 
 Bahri can point to the need for a civilizing influence on a violent culture. 
 And Fayad can claim he's still fighting the infidel,  protecting his nation's sovereignty. 
 His people will rally around that. 
 We need more intelligence boots on the ground. 
 We can redeploy personnel from Khost or Beirut. 
 I don't want to do anything until I talk to both of them again. 
 - See if you can get them back here. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Emily, Kendra, this is Julie. 
 - Hi. 
 - It's a pleasure to meet both of you. 
 It's so great to finally see where Lyor works. 
 So Julie made partner at Fleming & Hopper when she was 28. 
 Lyor. 
 The youngest ad executive in the firm's history. 
 What? 
 I got lucky. 
 There was this thing called "social media."  I was a little ahead of the curve marketing it. 
 "Spurt streams your best dreams."  That's hers, very good. 
 It's very onomatopoetic. 
 Boom. 
 Well, thank you for coming in on such short notice. 
 - It's nice to meet you. 
 - No, I understand. 
 If Lyor has a problem, I want to help him fix it. 
 So this is painless;  I need you both to review the annulment, sign it. 
 I have spoken with the IRS,  and they are expecting it end of the day today. 
 Is it okay if I get it right back to you? 
 I have a meeting over at Google. 
 - Sure. 
 - I'll walk you out. 
 - Great meeting you. 
 - You too. 
 Lyor dreams of egg creams. 
 Huh. 
 That's not onomatopoetic, but it's not bad. 
 Mr. President. 
 Kendra, I know you've been trying to reach me. 
 I'm sorry. 
 What is it? 
 Yes, sir. 
 I wanted to update you  on the situation with the First Lady's subpoena. 
 I confirmed that the account in St. 
 Lucia  was opened by Eric Little during the same time  that your wife and her mother were vacationing there. 
 Right, three days before Icarus landed their government contract. 
 Yes, sir. 
 The account shows no activity. 
 It's still flush with $2 million. 
 Where are we at with Little's murder investigation? 
 No developments on that front, sir. 
 Have you been able to tie Eric Little to Patrick Lloyd yet? 
 No, sir. 
 There is no evidence that connects the two. 
 Every trap that son of a bitch has laid for me I've walked straight into. 
 I'm working every angle I can. 
 What's important right now is our strategy,  how the First Lady responds to the subpoena. 
 I need to huddle with the two of you as soon as you get back  and just make sure you're on the same page, sir. 
 - I understand. 
 Anything else? 
 - Kendra. 
 I have Emily. 
 I think she needs you. 
 - Can it keep? 
 - Can it keep? 
 Yeah. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey. 
 How's your thing? 
 In process. 
 How's your thing? 
 Yeah, in process. 
 Thanks for covering for me. 
 Well, the thing about your thing is it's more serious than my thing. 
 Otherwise, you'd be helping with my thing instead of me helping with your thing. 
 Well, that's the thing. 
 We help each other out with our things, right? 
 Yep. 
 Do you have any idea what we're actually talking about? 
 Nope. 
 We need to head to the safe house, see what we can find. 
 Yeah. 
 He might've left us a clue. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 What is your problem with me, Mike? 
 The only one with a problem is you -  a problem with the President. 
 What are you talking about? 
 It seems like the closer you get to him, the closer he gets to needing a lawyer. 
 I figured that you would understand the importance of following a lead. 
 - Is that what you figured? 
 - Look, I work for the White House. 
 If I don't follow an evidence trail, it's Watergate. 
 That's the danger. 
 No, the danger is giving Patrick Lloyd what he wanted:  a road map to a bogus conspiracy that drags the White House into the swamp. 
 Our job is to protect the President. 
 Well, we have different ways of doing that. 
 Yeah. 
 I jump in front of a bullet. 
 And I stop that bullet from being fired. 
 - Have we heard from Mike or Hannah yet? 
 - No, we can't raise them, sir. 
 - We think they may have come under fire. 
 - "We think"? 
 We're deploying a backup team as we speak, sir. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 What about Bahri and Fayad? 
 Well, it's just as expected: condolences, expressions of outrage. 
 - Crocodile tears. 
 - Yeah, at least from one of them. 
 Have they agreed to my request for a second audience? 
 Yes, sir, but how are you gonna get the guilty party to tip his hand? 
 I'm gonna try and get them to discuss  the one thing they like talking about more than themselves. 
 Each other? 
 Exactly. 
 How many hostiles you figure? 
 A regular interval of shots suggests a single shooter. 
 How good's your geometry? 
 Better than my French. 
 If I draw him out, think you can get a fix on him? 
 - Yeah, but don't do anything... 
 - I'll do what I do. 
 - Mike... 
 - If we jump in this vehicle  and try to drive off, we're sitting ducks. 
 Cover me. 
 He's using the trees for cover. 
 We got to flush him out. 
 Are you ready? 
 Go! 
 There's not much left of the safe house. 
 We still need to be careful. 
 - We should canvass the inside. 
 - Yeah. 
 Mike. 
 Dean's alive. 
 And I know where to find him. 
 This is the dashcam video of Seth's traffic stop. 
 Now, it's clear, given the traffic infraction,  that the officer had reasonable suspicion for the stop. 
 And that's you tossing a knapsack in the back seat. 
 But you can't really make out what I'm doing. 
 You can't, but it'll be your word against a cop's,  and if he says he saw suspicious movement,  - it's probable cause for a search. 
 - So do we attack probable cause? 
 With this video... we don't have many options. 
 I'm not testifying, no matter what. 
 We get this thing kicked, or I'm toast. 
 What else do you have in your playbook? 
 I'll figure something out. 
 Fayad is an animal. 
 Many of my followers are dead, killed at that market attack. 
 I'm very sorry for your loss. 
 
 
 
 But Fayad isn't. 
 The only tradition he wants to continue is one of bloodshed. 
 Do you have proof of this? 
 Al Amin is reporting  that the explosive used at the market bombing  - was triacetone triperoxide. 
 - That's not proof. 
 Even I know that T-A-T-P is made from hydrogen peroxide,  which is legal and readily available. 
 But not in Kabul. 
 We have a massive shortage. 
 But you might be interested to know who owns a company  in the Waziristan province of Pakistan  that manufactures that chemical. 
 Mullah Fayad. 
 Bahri is a liar! 
 Not about your country's shortage of hydrogen peroxide,  or Thamin Chemicals, a shell company that you own,  which these articles of incorporation prove. 
 I own many things. 
 Except this thing  is used to manufacture the raw materials  to make bombs that are killing American soldiers. 
 We manufacture this chemical for medical purposes. 
 I did not kidnap Mr. Dean. 
 I did not bomb the market. 
 If you are lying to me... 
 ...I promise you, we will hunt you down. 
 We all die, Mr. President. 
 But I didn't meet with you to talk about death. 
 I met with you to talk about life. 
 But if you call me a liar... 
 then I have an enemy,  the same enemy I have always had. 
 - Michael? 
 - Yes. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 Thank you so much for coming in. 
 - Sure. 
 - Please. 
 But I already gave Ms. Daynes my statement. 
 I know, and it matched your brother's perfectly. 
 I just had some follow-up. 
 I know Seth well, really well, which is why I was surprised  to hear that he's been wolfing modafinil. 
 Seth's a perfectionist, always wants to stay ahead of the curve. 
 Runs in the family. 
 I hear you just crushed the MCATs. 
 Yeah, I did okay. 
 Must have been a lot of late nights. 
 It was brutal. 
 My cousin just crammed for that beast,  16-hour days for months. 
 You know what got her through it? 
 Modafinil, handfuls of the stuff. 
 Seth was adamant that he wouldn't testify,  and I think I know why. 
 Because to defend himself, he'd have to commit perjury. 
 He's covering for you, isn't he? 
 I didn't want him to, but he told me to keep my mouth shut,  said I could never get into med school with a drug conviction. 
 And he was right. 
 But that doesn't mean you're not wrong. 
 I'll call Ms. Daynes. 
 There's no point. 
 He's just gonna say that you're lying because that's... 
 ...who he is, loyal to a fault. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I am, too. 
 Your big brother made a decision to protect you, Michael. 
 The problem is... 
 no one may be able to protect him. 
 Officer Rudy, did you run my client's license plate  before approaching his car? 
 - Yes. 
 It's standard procedure. 
 - Did you find any priors? 
 No. 
 Your report here indicates that my client made a "furtive gesture."  Could you please describe it? 
 I saw the defendant reach between the seats  - as I approached the vehicle. 
 - Could you be more specific? 
 No. 
 It was dark. 
 I thought he might be reaching for a gun. 
 Or tying his shoe, right? 
 Objection. 
 The fact that Officer Rudy didn't know exactly  what Mr. Wright was doing doesn't undercut probable cause. 
 - It supports it. 
 - Sustained. 
 Move on, Ms. Daynes. 
 Officer, are you familiar with departmental quotas? 
 Objection. 
 Relevance. 
 - Goes to pretext. 
 - I'll allow it. 
 We don't have formal quotas. 
 Officer, how many arrests did you make in September? 
 43. 
 How many arrests in October? 
 - 47. 
 - How many in November? 
 Officer. 
 12. 
 Did you apply unsuccessfully to the Detective division  in each of the last three years? 
 Is there a point here, Judge? 
 Yes, and Officer Rudy has made it. 
 A "furtive gesture" made by a man with no criminal record  leads to a search by a beat cop who's been bucking for a promotion  and has had a decidedly subpar month. 
 - Objection. 
 Counsel's testifying. 
 - Ms. Daynes... 
 One last question, Your Honor. 
 Officer, of the 26 vehicle searches  you made this year that resulted in arrests,  how many of them were suppressed as illegal searches? 
 Judge, really? 
 I'd like to hear it. 
 14. 
 - Judge, that's not material. 
 - I disagree. 
 The People have to carry the burden of showing probable cause. 
 Given the circumstances,  I'm not convinced that burden has been met. 
 The indictment is dismissed. 
 The molar mass of water? 
 18.02. 
 When Kevin and I worked together, it was our rendezvous clue. 
 Nearest body of water - smart. 
 Kevin? 
 Thank God. 
 I'm fine. 
 I got a confederate a half click away who can get us to safety. 
 Okay, okay. 
 This, obviously, was a targeted bombing. 
 We missed you today, Seth. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 Yeah. 
 I'll be back tomorrow, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. 
 Congrats on beating your drug rap. 
 Look, Lyor's good at many things,  but being Press Secretary isn't one of them. 
 And if the White House deployed him,  it had to be because you had some kind of an emergency. 
 - Tiffany... 
 - White House emergencies  tend to be legal or medical,  so I had my sources at the hospitals and the courthouses on high alert. 
 What do you want? 
 Nothing regarding your modafinil adventure. 
 The case was dismissed. 
 It's a non-story. 
 But I was pursuing another story before your situation sidetracked me. 
 Where is the President, Seth? 
 The President's daily schedule clearly says that he's... 
 That he's in the Oval? 
 Then where's Mike Ritter? 
 Because if the President was in the Oval,  I would see Mike Ritter day and night,  not that stooge that you've stationed over there to throw us off the scent. 
 Give me 24 hours. 
 I'll give you an exclusive. 
 Deal. 
 Mr. President. 
 Hannah and Mike are on their way. 
 Dean's with them. 
 - Thank God. 
 How far out are they? 
 - About 10 minutes. 
 Did Dean forward any intel on the attackers? 
 Yeah, he heard them speaking Urdu as he was fleeing. 
 That means they're most likely Pakistani. 
 Dean's conversational in Urdu. 
 He's not fluent. 
 We've transcribed his notes about what he overheard. 
 Let me see. 
 Well, now we know who to trust. 
 Contact Mullah Bahri. 
 Tell him he was right. 
 I want to shore up our partnership. 
 We now know that the attackers were Pakistani. 
 I knew it. 
 Fayad is a snake. 
 And not a very clever one. 
 The T-A-T-P trail led straight to him. 
 Well, Fayad is a simple but brutal man. 
 So you said. 
 But he was not responsible for today's attack. 
 We have drone footage of your compound from yesterday. 
 Four cars, all with Pakistani license plates. 
 I have many Pakistani followers. 
 And we know what they were following. 
 Our CIA Station Chief overheard the attackers talking. 
 They kept referring to "the child." "We need to do this for the little one."  You gave me a very loose translation for Zowan. 
 Gentlemen, please come in. 
 We killed one of the attackers and retrieved his cellphone. 
 Your number was in it. 
 Your name, your number; you planned the attack. 
 - Mr. President... 
 - You killed Americans! 
 And for that you will pay. 
 You will never see your precious sunlight again. 
 You come to our country... 
 desecrate it... 
 and you expect to be welcomed like heroes? 
 You are invaders. 
 And invaders deserve death. 
 This is the part you always get wrong. 
 You provided sanctuary and assistance  to the people who attacked my country:  September 11, 2001. 
 Take him into custody. 
 - Hi. 
 - Hi. 
 - Thanks for taking the time, Emily. 
 - Of course. 
 So... 
 what is the problem? 
 I wanted to see if there was a way that I didn't have to sign this? 
 I'm sorry? 
 What I'm saying is, I'm fine with the status quo. 
 - Can I speak freely, Julie? 
 - Please. 
 Are you out of your mind? 
 How can I explain this? 
 Lyor and I took a trip to Paris together once,  and we were standing on the Pont Neuf,  holding hands, and I said,  "There's no place I'd rather be."  And Lyor looked at this yacht and said, "I think I'd rather be on that boat."  That's horrible. 
 No, you don't get it. 
 He wasn't being mean or ironic. 
 - He was being literal. 
 - The boat was nicer than the bridge. 
 There's no artifice to him. 
 He's honest and decent and loyal. 
 And you are beautiful and successful and normal. 
 I've dated so many normal guys,  none of them worth a damn. 
 If I needed help, if my life was on the line,  Lyor is the only person I would call,  and he would come running. 
 And I want... 
 I need... 
 To keep that connection. 
 I know it sounds pathetic, right? 
 No. 
 It sounds like love, but here's the thing. 
 Maybe there's a way for you to keep that connection  without costing him a fortune. 
 Hey, Matthew, I'm gonna give you Drucilla's shield. 
 You just need it more than I do right now. 
 - Open your inventory. 
 - Lyor. 
 I need to get the annulment from you. 
 Did you get it yet, Matthew? 
 Equip. 
 Let's go. 
 Um, let's flank him from the right. 
 Uh... 
 Hey, Ming. 
 Ming. 
 Ming? 
 Ah, Ming. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Snowed in over here. 
 Yeah, I... 
 I just wanted to say I'm sorry again. 
 Okay. 
 Come on, Em. 
 You got to let me up. 
 I was protecting my family. 
 We're your family, too. 
 Did you think about how your choice would affect us? 
 My brother's career was about to go up in smoke. 
 And yours could've, too. 
 It still might. 
 The charges were dismissed. 
 But my duty to inform the President wasn't. 
 This isn't a local five-and-dime. 
 - There is a higher standard around here. 
 - Do you really think I don't know that? 
 - I think you expect special treatment. 
 - From whom? 
 I called Kendra, I didn't call you. 
 You know the buck stops with me. 
 And we're... 
 What am I supposed to do when this lands on my desk? 
 The right thing. 
 What you always do. 
 Chief Dean is under medical care, sir. 
 - He's gonna be fine. 
 - Thank God. 
 That's great news. 
 And the safe house is being moved to an undisclosed location. 
 - Our men will be safe, sir. 
 - You two make a great team. 
 We're just doing our job, sir. 
 - Wheels up in five, Mr. President. 
 - Thank you. 
 There's one last thing I need to do before we take off. 
 I made this for you, sir. 
 A little taste of home, cheesecake. 
 The recipe's from Morty's on West 76th. 
 That's two blocks from where I grew up. 
 I Googled you. 
 Thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 Enjoy. 
 Harry. 
 Why the hell aren't you home yet? 
 Sir? 
 Well, you told me you enlisted right before your daughter was born,  said you wanted to get your 20 years. 
 And then, you said your daughter graduated from college. 
 And that's at least 22 years, so why the hell aren't you home yet? 
 My wife, Maddy, died three years ago, sir. 
 - I'm very sorry. 
 - Lung cancer. 
 She was supposed to have two years... 
 turned out to be two months. 
 And I wasn't there. 
 And my daughter... 
 she never forgave me. 
 When was the last time you talked to her? 
 A year. 
 And it didn't go very well. 
 You see, sir, I... 
 I don't have a home to go to anymore. 
 You can always go home. 
 Doesn't mean it's gonna be easy,  regardless of whatever's happened or how many miles away you are. 
 Truth is, all you have to do is knock. 
 Yes, sir. 
 I'm gonna recommend to your C.O. that you get some leave. 
 When that comes, I suggest you take it,  go to Philadelphia. 
 Well... 
 you'll know what to do then. 
 I'm gonna knock. 
 It's been an honor, Harry. 
 Sir? 
 What is it? 
 I'm gonna need the contact information  for the families of the four men we lost today. 
 Yes, sir. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 