Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - The Final Frontier - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - The Final Frontier https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40975 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/24/20 08:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - The Final Frontier 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Designated Survivor... 
 Mommy's not coming home? 
 No, sweetheart. 
 She's in heaven now, with the angels. 
 He's put the brakes on every major policy initiative. 
 Including foreign ones. 
 He canceled trips to Beijing and Jerusalem, bailed on the IMF meeting. 
 The man just lost his wife, the mother of his children. 
 I want you to remember  every day for the rest of your life, what you took from me. 
 The person I lived for, my wife. 
 You did it for nothing, for absolutely no reason. 
 You lied to me about everything. 
 They never found Damian's body  or figured out why he was in league with the Russians. 
 - I shot you. 
 Center mass. 
 - Another agent asks to meet on a bridge,  I figure she might have something more than sentiment in mind. 
 But the Kevlar vest did its job. 
 I spent the last ten weeks on the run. 
 Trying to stay alive. 
 If the Russians find me,  they'll kill me because they know I've been burned. 
 If the British find you, they're looking at a traitor. 
 - Correct. 
 - What are you doing here, Damian? 
 I have something America might want. 
 Information. 
 I'm gonna put this gun down. 
 And we're going to talk. 
 You put that gun down, I'm gonna pick it up and shoot you. 
 I don't think so. 
 You're right. 
 T-minus 30 minutes and counting to liftoff  of the unmanned US cargo mission  to save the crippled International Space Station. 
 It's been ten days  since a software malfunction disabled the Soyuz escape capsule... 
 Little P, your scrambled eggs are ready. 
 I don't like scrambled eggs. 
 - You liked them last week. 
 - This week, I like pancakes. 
 I can make you pancakes. 
 Ready to roll. 
 It's okay. 
 Okay. 
 Here. 
 Promise me you will eat this in the car on the way to school. 
 Okay. 
 Here you go. 
 I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 Do you want some scrambled eggs, Mike? 
 Uh, thank you, sir. 
 But I liked eggs last week. 
 Everybody's a comedian. 
 Liftoff in 30 minutes, sir. 
 Okay, thank you. 
 Fifty years ago, NASA's budget was 4.5% of the federal budget. 
 Now, it's 0.5%. 
 - That's a 90% reduction. 
 - I know, Lyor. 
 The demise of our space program, it's a national tragedy. 
 I know, Lyor. 
 You know the word for someone who ignores  - our planet's habitational crisis? 
 - Normal. 
 It's misplaced educational priorities. 
 That's why I went to Poconos Space Academy. 
 I came second on the Interstellar Challenge,  - because Russell Grubman cheated. 
 - We know, Lyor. 
 Good morning, Rick. 
 How are we doing? 
 All systems go, Mr. President. 
 The package includes fresh water and a replacement  for the escape capsule's damaged CPU. 
 Do we know yet what caused the malfunction? 
 It appears a corrupt software file damaged the electrical systems. 
 Provenance unknown. 
 A $150 billion space station  and the imminent threat to our astronauts is a lack of fresh water? 
 Technology changes. 
 Human biology doesn't. 
 How is the crew doing? 
 Two Russians, an Italian and an American. 
 Minor effects of dehydration, but they're bearing up. 
 Is it possible to talk to Commander Watkins? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Thank you. 
 Good morning, Commander. 
 Hello, Mr. President. 
 How're you doing? 
 I could stand a tall glass of lemonade. 
 But, uh, we've done a pretty good job of rationing our water. 
 You certainly have. 
 I know the last ten days have been quite an ordeal,  but in the next 16 minutes and 48 seconds, the care package will be on its way. 
 - It should take six hours. 
 - Good to hear, sir. 
 I want you to know, down here, it feels like the entire world is praying for you. 
 We appreciate the support. 
 How long have you been working with the Russians? 
 That's a long story. 
 Who turned you? 
 Look, I have time-sensitive information. 
 Who turned you? 
 An attaché at the Russian Embassy in London, Alexander Popov. 
 He's dead now. 
 You joined British intelligence, but you were working with the Russians. 
 On the periphery. 
 Mostly just gathering intel on a select... 
 Is that a yes? 
 Yes. 
 - Was Patrick Lloyd also working with them? 
 - No. 
 Why did you obstruct the Icarus investigation  and my attempts to clear the First Family's name? 
 You are wasting valuable time. 
 We have an open-and-shut case against you  for espionage, spying and sabotage at the highest levels,  which carries penalties I'm sure you're well aware of. 
 So I'd suggest you start answering our questions. 
 Thirty years ago, the Kremlin had a minority ownership  in Icarus Astrotech through a shell company. 
 - The Soviets had stake in Icarus? 
 - Yes. 
 To keep tabs on American military hardware. 
 A mission that ended with perestroika when Moscow divested. 
 But when Lloyd started setting up the First Lady and her mother  by suggesting an ongoing bribery scandal with Icarus, Moscow got worried. 
 Uh, they thought if we discovered the Icarus-Russia connection,  we'd think Russia was in league with Lloyd. 
 And you know what that would've led to:  false suspicions that Russia was behind the Capitol bombing  and the attempts on the president's life. 
 That Moscow was trying to bring down your government. 
 I was deputized to prevent another cold war. 
 - Oh, wow. 
 So you're actually a good guy. 
 - I helped you catch Lloyd, didn't I? 
 Then you torched a warehouse and tipped off the banker  - who helped set up the First Lady. 
 - I'll admit to that. 
 And while we were spinning our wheels,  you allowed the First Lady to get sucked into a legal battle  that indirectly ended her life. 
 I'll admit my account is not square, which is why I'm here with information. 
 - Tell it to the judge. 
 - You have a rocket launch in 15 minutes. 
 Stop it now, or you're going to lose it. 
 You're a liar. 
 No, I am telling the truth. 
 And if you don't listen, that rocket is going down. 
 If we abort the rescue mission now,  by the time we're in a position to launch another one,  - the astronauts will likely be dead. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Who provided us with the intel that our space agency may have been hacked? 
 A Russian operative. 
 Well, that alone is a reason for healthy skepticism. 
 Normally. 
 But Russia's got more to lose here than we do. 
 Two of their astronauts are up there and more invested in their space program. 
 Son of a bitch. 
 Truth is we don't really have a choice. 
 If we've been hacked and we launch, we lose a rocket. 
 If we don't, the astronauts die. 
 The calculus only cuts one way. 
 All vents are open? 
 Copy. 
 Vents open. 
 GLS is go for main engine start. 
 Two, one, zero. 
 Main engine start. 
 Liftoff. 
 Positive rate. 
 Liftoff confirmed. 
 Alpheus Four has... 
 Congratulations, sir. 
 Go for throttle up. 
 Throttle up confirmed. 
 A beautiful liftoff for Alpheus Four  on its mission to resupply and repair the International Space Station. 
 The unmanned vehicle carries precious cargo. 
 Initiate roll program. 
 Roger. 
 Roll program. 
 We have an anomaly. 
 An off-nominal trajectory heading uprange. 
 - What just happened? 
 - Command Control, we need a status update. 
 The rocket is nonresponsive Alpheus Four is veering toward the coast. 
 Recommend immediate destruct. 
 Sir, the rocket's going down in a populated area. 
 We have to terminate the launch. 
 I'm sorry. 
 RSO, execute. 
 You son of a bitch. 
 Hannah, we need to talk. 
 We have to get those astronauts water, fast. 
 How long before we can launch another rocket? 
 We need to ground the fleet until we can ascertain what went wrong,  - it's standard protocol. 
 - Which the president can override. 
 Yes, but we have logistical problems as well. 
 The replacement CPU needs to be remanufactured. 
 Reprogrammed. 
 - That could take days. 
 - At a minimum. 
 We can't get a rescue rocket up there in time. 
 So we need help. 
 Yes. 
 Russia's the only country with a rocket that can get up quickly enough  to resupply the space station. 
 The person who predicted this disaster is a Russian double agent. 
 Which makes Moscow's agenda and credibility questionable at best. 
 Get me Ambassador Pavlov, reach out to Secretary Moss. 
 They have a long-standing relationship. 
 - We're gonna need all the help we can get. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - You're a really lucky guy. 
 - Hannah. 
 Magically appearing at the right time with the right information. 
 I've been sitting on this information but I needed something to trade. 
 It's too late now. 
 Look, hacking's one of the things I've been working on solving for Russia. 
 The central bank and national gas companies  have all been victimized over the last six months. 
 This NASA hack is just the latest attack. 
 Someone is hunting big game. 
 And Russia and the US are both targets. 
 - Do you have any other intel to share? 
 - Maybe. 
 All right. 
 You're gonna cough it up right now. 
 In return for what? 
 We won't put you in a cage and throw away the key. 
 How about that? 
 This might interest you. 
 The American space program isn't the only one that's been compromised. 
 Our space program, Roscosmos, would like to send one of our rockets,  but we are constrained by our launch schedule. 
 With all due respect, I don't believe your launch schedules have anything to do  - with your inability to help us. 
 - I don't know what you mean... 
 Roscosmos has been hacked, just like NASA. 
 Both of our space programs are victims of the same cyberattack. 
 Where do you obtain your information? 
 From one of your spies who is now in our custody. 
 Mr. Ambassador, it is in your country's interest  to help bring these astronauts home. 
 Two of which are yours. 
 What do you propose? 
 If both our countries' programs have been compromised,  we can put our heads together and work to find a solution. 
 I would like to talk to Moscow. 
 Of course. 
 Thank you, Mr. Ambassador. 
 You know him better than anyone. 
 What do you think he'll do? 
 I'm not hopeful, sir. 
 I thought Dimitri would be more forthcoming. 
 The fact he wasn't suggests that he's fronting for an administration  that's more worried about saving face than anything else. 
 Which means we can't trust him. 
 What do you suggest? 
 Hardball, sir. 
 Get on the phone with President Volkov. 
 Read him the riot act. 
 Before we get to that, I'd like to try something else first. 
 Stay close, I may need you. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Thank you, Cornelius. 
 Mike, find me Seth Wright. 
 I need to talk to him. 
 Yes, sir. 
 So the hack has affected both NASA and Roscosmos,  interfering with each country's ability to launch a rescue vehicle. 
 Thank you. 
 Do you know who's behind this? 
 Both countries are coordinating intelligence in an effort to get to the bottom of this. 
 And each, uh, space administration is working with the other. 
 Chuck, give us something. 
 I've gone through thousands of lines of NASA's mission code. 
 If it's a hack on our program, I can't find it. 
 No digital footprint. 
 Nothing. 
 So whatever the hacker did, he embedded it. 
 It would take months to go through every line to find the anomaly. 
 Those astronauts are dying. 
 Who is behind this? 
 I have a lead. 
 A cyber-terrorist named Rook Storm. 
 - Rook Storm is a myth. 
 - No, he's not. 
 Who's Rook Storm? 
 They say he hacked into the Kremlin's mainframe on a dare a few years ago. 
 Released sensitive internal documents exposing corruption at the Politburo. 
 Then disappeared before Russian intelligence could kill him. 
 He pops up on tech forums from time to time to gloat. 
 - He's behind this? 
 - No, he's out of the game. 
 But there are only a handful of operators who could have pulled this off. 
 - He'll know them. 
 - Where can we find him? 
 He'll only open the door for me. 
 He'll shoot you. 
 - I'm not taking him. 
 - We don't have a choice. 
 We do. 
 We interrogate him. 
 How long till he cracks? 
 How long till you'd crack? 
 I'll tell you how long: too long to save those astronauts. 
 We'll keep him on a short leash. 
 We need him. 
 - I disagree. 
 He's a liar. 
 - Who's two for two. 
 He predicted the rocket crash, he told us Roscosmos had been hacked. 
 He's playing us, Aaron. 
 He could be sending us on a wild goose chase. 
 I understand why you think that. 
 And I can't ignore the fact that you two have a history. 
 Aaron. 
 Now, look. 
 Solving the NASA hack is our prime directive here. 
 If you can't play ball, I'll find someone else who can. 
 - Mr. Ambassador. 
 - Very clever. 
 Your little press conference put my country's credibility on the line. 
 We don't have time for stonewalling. 
 The clock is ticking. 
 It's not about pointing fingers, Dimitri. 
 It's about working together. 
 No one needs dead astronauts and failed missions. 
 - If I say no? 
 - We'll parade Damian Rennett  on national television as a Russian spy. 
 Severe sanctions will follow. 
 I'll see to it that the Roscosmos engineers coordinate with your people. 
 Good. 
 We'll also be bringing in private industry. 
 Smartest minds we can find. 
 Can you get your rescue ship in the air? 
 Yes. 
 We've removed most of the damaged code,  enough to get Equis Two into orbit. 
 Then, please, launch it now. 
 To what purpose? 
 It can't dock until that hack has been completely reversed. 
 No. 
 President Kirkman is right, Dimitri. 
 It's a six-hour flight to the space station. 
 You wait till everything's spic and span down here before ignition,  it'll be too late. 
 Understood. 
 Thank you, Mr. Ambassador. 
 Dimitri. 
 You know, Moscow's whole modus operandi is  avoiding the specter of public embarrassment. 
 You threatened him with that. 
 Not a happy man. 
 I don't need his happiness. 
 I need his cooperation. 
 Mr. President, you're wanted in Command Ops. 
 - Thank you. 
 Excuse me, Cornelius. 
 - Mm-hmm. 
 - What the hell is it now? 
 - Another electrical problem, sir. 
 The EATCS has failed. 
 What is that? 
 External active thermal control system, sir. 
 - The coolant pump, essentially. 
 - What does that mean? 
 A liquid ammonia coolant loop along the station's main thrust  carries waste heat to the photovoltaic radiator panels. 
 In English, please. 
 Cabin temperatures are already at 98 degrees. 
 And they're going to spike to 120 in the next few hours. 
 We're talking about a seriously dehydrated crew with no access to water. 
 We're talking about a death sentence. 
 Commander, what's your status? 
 Mission control says we have a clogged turbine. 
 Crystallized ammonia, most likely. 
 I'm gonna prep for extravehicular activity. 
 Absolutely not. 
 It's too risky. 
 A spacewalk is a last resort. 
 I have to try. 
 I'd rather die out there than in here. 
 Commander, we're not there yet. 
 Let us try to fix this. 
 Commander, I know I'm asking a lot. 
 But I need you to trust us. 
 We have some of the brilliant minds from around the world  - working together to try and bring you home. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Hang in there. 
 We've been consulting with the Russians  about the best way to unclog the turbines. 
 Unfortunately, there's no consensus. 
 It's highly specialized equipment. 
 - Who's the manufacturer? 
 - Apache Aerospace. 
 A former government contractor, sir. 
 Their company is owned by a tech guru named Andrea Frost. 
 - Let's get her here. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 You're wanted in the Residence. 
 This note was from your principal. 
 She says you were in a fight with another girl today at school. 
 Yeah. 
 She also says that this is the second time it's happened in three weeks. 
 I know. 
 So why were you in a fight? 
 Sweetheart, I know a lot's happened. 
 But I need you to promise me that you're gonna be nice to the other kids at school. 
 Yep. 
 - Promise. 
 - Okay. 
 Hey, what do you say you and I make a chocolate milkshake and hang out? 
 Is it okay if I go lay down? 
 I'm tired. 
 Yeah. 
 Of course. 
 Yeah. 
 Dr. Frost, thank you again for coming. 
 This is a command performance. 
 I'm not exactly getting along with Uncle Sam these days. 
 I was just reading about that. 
 You're in litigation for $200 million for fuel cells delivered to NASA. 
 Correct. 
 The NASA administrator refused to accept them because you were late. 
 NASA kept changing the specs. 
 Doctor, I didn't ask you here to talk about unpaid bills. 
 I asked you here because we need your help. 
 We need our best and brightest to get us through this crisis. 
 - Can I count on you? 
 - Of course. 
 Great. 
 Thank you. 
 Emily, please escort Dr. Frost to Command Ops. 
 Absolutely. 
 Graduated Brown University. 
 Doctorate at MIT. 
 Dozens of patents to her name. 
 She is a rising star. 
 If you say so, sir. 
 You're not a fan? 
 She was actually one of my proctors at space camp. 
 Uh, my model rocket was a quantum leap  over Russell Grubman's puny little erector set. 
 But Dr. Frost... 
 She bought into his pretty boy act. 
 That's all it was. 
 Like everybody else. 
 Hook, line and sinker. 
 He had kind of a symmetrical face and his haircut was ahead of its time,  but she had no right to... 
 I'm gonna go now, sir. 
 Good idea. 
 This better work. 
 Time is running out for them. 
 I'm aware. 
 This thing's a little tight. 
 You don't like it there? 
 I can put it around your neck. 
 English, please. 
 You are police. 
 I don't talk to police. 
 Good. 
 Because I'm FBI. 
 Damian says you like money. 
 Yes. 
 Why? 
 You brought some? 
 I brought a promise that I won't take all of yours as proceeds of cybercrime. 
 How about that? 
 Shall we talk? 
 We're looking for who hacked NASA. 
 Empty Set. 
 - What is that? 
 - Not what. 
 Who. 
 The leader of an anti-imperialist hacker collective. 
 He posts on dark web forums under that moniker. 
 You're sure he did it? 
 No. 
 But his people are capable of it. 
 They took down the State Department website last year. 
 Um, space exploration is one of his targets. 
 - If his crew didn't do it, he'll know who did. 
 - Where can we find him? 
 Where? 
 Are you serious? 
 He's an orchid nut. 
 Posts all this drivel about the symbolism of the beautiful, indigenous plant  that can fight off alien predators. 
 Okay, what does he look like? 
 Big guy. 
 Beard. 
 Goes by Ollie. 
 Can't miss him. 
 Damian,  you and I will never speak again. 
 Hello, Ollie. 
 I know you? 
 FBI. 
 I've a few questions. 
 I got a clean shot. 
 You're a sitting duck. 
 Come on. 
 The computer attack on the space programs, I need the code. 
 I didn't do it. 
 We know the NASA hack is straight out of your playbook. 
 So help us diagnose it or you die in prison for trying to murder a federal agent. 
 I don't know who did it. 
 But I analyzed it. 
 It exploits a weakness in NASA's OS. 
 Roscosmos runs on a similar software platform. 
 - So the hack affects both space programs. 
 - Yes. 
 I need details. 
 The hacker used a DRAM rowhammer exploit to gain kernel privileges. 
 Hey, Chuck. 
 Yeah, I've got something for you. 
 Once more with feeling. 
 Rick, where are we at? 
 Cabin temperature's at 116, sir. 
 Not sustainable for the crew. 
 There's a difference of opinion as to the best course of action. 
 NASA and Roscosmos now favor a spacewalk. 
 My company manufactured  the external coolant pump. 
 - There's a better way. 
 - We're listening. 
 We can intervene manually,  deliberately creating a short  which will send a surge to the external turbine motor. 
 It'll briefly become overcharged, forcing the turbine to clear the motor. 
 Or it will burn out the motor. 
 Cabin temperatures will spike. 
 The crew will be dead in minutes. 
 Commander, your lives are at stake. 
 I would like your opinion. 
 I think we're now past the point where any of us can physically manage a spacewalk. 
 I've met Dr. 
 Frost. 
 I trust her. 
 I think we have our answer. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Initiate the surge. 
 Set command trip function to inhibit. 
 Command warning alarm to bypass. 
 Command voltage charge to arm. 
 Command voltage. 
 Come on. 
 Sir, turbine is operational. 
 Cabin temperature is dropping. 
 Congratulations, Commander. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Now about that water? 
 Russia's Equis Two is en route. 
 We're still working on the codes so Equis Two can dock. 
 - Keep the faith. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Very well done. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 The New York Times is pestering Seth  for a direct quote from you about the space station. 
 Give them hopes, prayers and our best efforts. 
 Nothing specific until we're through this. 
 - We're not in the business of predictions. 
 - Understood. 
 I'll let him know. 
 She's been in a fight. 
 Sir? 
 My daughter, who's never even raised her voice, she's been in a fight. 
 - Apparently, this isn't the first one. 
 - She's been through a lot. 
 
 
 
 I know. 
 I'll have to talk with her principal. 
 But it's obvious what's happening. 
 She misses her mom. 
 Yeah. 
 I don't know how to get her through this. 
 She'll get through it herself. 
 You just have to be there. 
 I'm trying, but she treats me like I'm a cone in the middle of the road. 
 Something she needs to get around. 
 Respectfully, sir, that's not it at all. 
 Then what is it? 
 It's not what you're doing. 
 It's that you're doing it. 
 She knows you're there. 
 Take it from a girl who didn't have a dad. 
 That's everything. 
 Thank you, Emily. 
 - Can I talk to you about something? 
 - Sure. 
 What's the statute of limitations on a contract claim? 
 What kind? 
 - When I was at space camp in 1997... 
 - Not this again. 
 - It was a breach of contract. 
 - Lyor. 
 My parents paid for six weeks of aeronautics instruction for their precocious son. 
 In exchange for which the camp undertook a promise to treat all campers fairly. 
 It was an award. 
 A discretionary award you had no right to. 
 And even if you did, there were no damages. 
 There are 20 years of damages. 
 Could've shot you today, you know. 
 Twice. 
 - Do you wonder why I didn't? 
 - Because you're playing a longer game. 
 Working with me brings you in from the cold. 
 What if I told you there was more to it? 
 What if I told you to shut up or I'm gonna shove you in the trunk? 
 Hey. 
 It's amazing. 
 It's the type of hack that could induce bit flips in the page data entries. 
 No time for you to geek out. 
 Right, so this type of malware can't be downloaded remotely. 
 Too much code to get past NASA's and Roscosmos's firewalls. 
 Meaning what? 
 The malware had to be uploaded on site. 
 Turns out the hacks were local  at the NASA facility in DC and the Russian Embassy. 
 Same day. 
 So I crunched personnel data to find a common denominator. 
 Chuck. 
 I need a name, not a recipe. 
 Okay? 
 Shane Gillespie. 
 A plumber. 
 A spy? 
 No, a plumber. 
 The beer belly, butt crack variety. 
 Contractors are given swipe cards to access government facilities in DC. 
 That's how he got into the Operating System? 
 I'm betting the access card encoded the virus. 
 One swipe, you're past the firewall. 
 All this high-tech security, and a guy who unclogs toilets circumvented it. 
 - So we need the card. 
 - It'll have the code. 
 We could reverse engineer the hack. 
 Patch the operating systems. 
 Meaning the rescue rocket could safely dock. 
 We can save the crew. 
 He works in Baltimore. 
 I'll send you his deets. 
 - Mrs. 
 Gillespie? 
 - Yes. 
 I'm Hannah Wells, FBI. 
 I need to speak to your husband. 
 That's not gonna be possible. 
 Ma'am, it's urgent. 
 People's lives are at stake. 
 I understand, but my husband's dead. 
 Shane Gillespie drowned ten days ago. 
 The day after the hacks. 
 Foul play? 
 The coroner's report was inconclusive. 
 They dredged him out of Lake Roland. 
 The card likely wasn't on him. 
 What else do we know about him? 
 A chronic gambler, deep in debt. 
 Anonymous bitcoin transfers to his account. 
 And social media activity suggests his tech know-how didn't run deeper  - than an obsession with fantasy football. 
 - So he was a mark. 
 - Yeah. 
 An easy one. 
 - Thanks, Chuck. 
 We checked the van, his basement, the bedroom, his toolbox. 
 He still owed money. 
 He likely kept the card  in case he needed another job. 
 He had to stash it somewhere. 
 When you hide something... 
 You grasp the familiar. 
 And our guy loved sports. 
 Damian. 
 Hello. 
 Sir, there's been a hiccup. 
 All Russia has to do is upload the new software to Equis Two to dock. 
 - But they're balking. 
 - Why? 
 To finish debugging the Russian program, our guys need to get inside their network. 
 They're afraid of us getting a look at their proprietary technology. 
 They're afraid of even more than that. 
 With this Damian Rennett business, they fear retaliation. 
 Let's give them a taste. 
 Set up a press conference. 
 We'll hold the Russians accountable for their espionage. 
 Uh, sir, if I may be so bold: we may get more here with honey than vinegar. 
 No. 
 I won't let Russia hold us to ransom for anything. 
 - They have as much to lose as we do. 
 - A point I would like to make. 
 Let me, uh, bend Dimitri's ear. 
 Sweet talk him. 
 If he doesn't play ball, then you wheel out the heavy artillery. 
 Get it done, fast. 
 - She's ready for you, sir. 
 - Thank you. 
 Principal Feltner, thank you very much for coming by. 
 Please. 
 Of course, sir. 
 Your letter said my daughter has been involved in a number of incidents over the last month. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Obviously, the death of her mother has been devastating. 
 It's my opinion that she is lashing out in anger. 
 I don't think that's it at all. 
 You don't? 
 Each situation has been an instance of Penny defending someone who's being bullied. 
 You're saying that she's protecting other children? 
 Not atypical behavior for a child who has suffered a terrible loss. 
 She doesn't want anyone else to be hurt. 
 She's a sensitive child. 
 But maybe we can help channel that sensitivity in a more constructive way. 
 Of course. 
 Sign here. 
 So what now? 
 You're going to be charged. 
 Obstruction of justice, arson, espionage. 
 And the help I gave you? 
 It will be taken under consideration at sentencing as a mitigating factor. 
 Walk over to the door. 
 Hannah. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I have a question. 
 That day on the bridge, were you reaching for a gun? 
 No. 
 Then what was it? 
 I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? 
 No, I guess not. 
 After the successful launch of Equis Two,  rescue is at hand for the crippled space station. 
 And with it, much-needed water for the four astronauts aboard. 
 One hour till we dock, Mr. 
 President. 
 Yes. 
 I'm very grateful that you agreed to cooperate. 
 Hmm. 
 We are all made of stardust. 
 Space is our past and our future. 
 - We have no choice but to cooperate. 
 - I couldn't agree with you more. 
 Which is why I appreciate your concession. 
 My concession? 
 Yes. 
 I know it must have been difficult. 
 But agreeing to turn the page and move past trivial issues,  it was the right thing, Mr. 
 President. 
 Mr. 
 Ambassador. 
 - Emily... 
 - I'll get Secretary Moss immediately. 
 Thank you. 
 ...report that we are not out of the woods yet. 
 Thank you. 
 Mr. 
 President. 
 Did you cut a deal with Ambassador Pavlov without consulting me? 
 - I wouldn't call it a deal, sir. 
 - What would you call it? 
 An accommodation to save lives and the space program we care so much about. 
 What did you promise? 
 Our country won't look into Russian involvement with the Icarus investigation. 
 - On whose authority? 
 - On yours, sir. 
 Turning the page is in your best interest, and the country's. 
 The Icarus investigation is responsible for my wife's death. 
 You can't use that as a bargaining chip. 
 - You told me to get it done. 
 - Not at any cost. 
 Let's talk about cost, shall we? 
 The cost of recent events. 
 The cost on you. 
 - Be very careful here, Cornelius. 
 - I'm trying to make a point, sir. 
 When Elaine died, I decided not to run for another term. 
 - You haven't taken a day off. 
 Not one. 
 - That decision is mine to make. 
 It's the wrong decision for the country. 
 Look, I've had a bird's-eye view of things for the last three months. 
 And I haven't liked what I've seen. 
 The indecision, the overcaution. 
 The missteps just keep growing. 
 For example? 
 For example, you pushed off the Arab-Israeli summit. 
 You withdrew your budget initiative to tinker with it. 
 Bills you should have signed have stayed on your desk until they became pocket vetoes. 
 I didn't know we had so many political differences. 
 It's not politics. 
 It's leadership. 
 You zig when you should zag. 
 And I'm tired of cleaning up your mess, of giving assurances to get things done. 
 Assurances you should've given. 
 Your unauthorized back-channeling has been going on for quite some time? 
 - Tom... 
 - I asked you a question. 
 You sit in that chair, you have an obligation. 
 Not just to the American people, but to the office. 
 To every president who sat there before you. 
 And will sit there after you. 
 Your judgment is off, Tom. 
 And I can't let you implode. 
 I won't. 
 Cornelius, you've provided me with sound counsel. 
 And I've considered you to be a friend. 
 But I've returned that favor. 
 When you interfered in that Thorn investigation, I stood by you. 
 I know that, sir. 
 And I will be eternally grateful. 
 But I think with perspective, you will see that I have been standing by you. 
 No, sir. 
 You have been standing behind me undermining my authority,  which is something I cannot excuse regardless of your intentions. 
 Your services are no longer required. 
 That's all. 
 You can't fire a former president and not expect media backlash. 
 Especially one with a formidable PR machine. 
 Sir, Moss is going to play the victim card. 
 Which is why you need to go on the offensive. 
 - I won't throw him under the bus. 
 - No, sir. 
 That would be calling him out on his treachery. 
 We recommend citing irreconcilable policy differences. 
 Which is code for throwing him under the bus. 
 Genteel code. 
 Seth, I want you to prepare a statement. 
 "It is with great reluctance that I accepted Secretary Moss's resignation. 
 He came out of retirement at my request  in an effort to help our country through an incredibly difficult time. 
 His task complete, he has chosen to return to private life  to the thanks of a grateful nation. 
 And he will be deeply missed."  Yes, sir. 
 That works, too. 
 - They're ready for you in Command Ops. 
 - Thank you. 
 Copy, Moscow. 
 Distance 30 meters. 
 Rate 0. 
 12. 
 - Thank you for everything you've done. 
 - You're welcome, sir. 
 There's nowhere else I'd rather be. 
 Copy. 
 Flight, rate nominal, trajectory nominal. 
 Docking port clear. 
 No obstruction, we're right on the line. 
 Crosshairs look good. 
 No bias, no drift. 
 Flight, we are go for capture. 
 RCS firing. 
 Two meters. 
 Standing by for contact and capture. 
 Contact and capture confirmed. 
 Congratulations, Mr. President. 
 - Thank God it worked. 
 - Yeah. 
 - Rick, thank you for everything. 
 - Happy to serve, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 Dr. 
 Frost, I want you to know that I, uh, forgive you. 
 For what, Mr. 
 Boone? 
 You know. 
 Turkey, white meat only. 
 Macaroni and cheese. 
 And lightly braised carrots. 
 Thanks, Dad. 
 You're very welcome. 
 I was talking to your principal earlier. 
 She told me she found out you weren't the one who started the fight. 
 That you were just trying to protect a friend. 
 I don't want anyone to be hurt. 
 'Cause you were hurt? 
 Me, too. 
 You know what? 
 We need a plan. 
 We need a no-hurt plan. 
 If either of us is upset about Mommy, or anything,  we need to tell each other, okay? 
 You know what I do sometimes when I'm missing Mommy really badly? 
 I think about some of the things she would do that would make me happy,  that would make me smile. 
 Little things. 
 What kind of things? 
 I don't know. 
 The look she would give me when I would leave my socks on the floor. 
 And your underwear. 
 And my underwear. 
 Okay, your turn. 
 I like how Mommy's hair always smelled like sunshine. 
 - Sunshine doesn't smell like anything, silly. 
 - Yes, it does. 
 What's it smell like? 
 Mommy's hair. 
 Hey, Rocket Man. 
 It didn't work. 
 What didn't work? 
 My rocket at Poconos Space Academy. 
 It was a bust. 
 Looks pretty good to me. 
 Oh, it launched. 
 But half the score was the physics. 
 I found my old camp notebook. 
 Ran the numbers. 
 My math didn't compute. 
 It's okay to come in second, Lyor. 
 I've been in Command Ops all day. 
 The conquest of space,  the majesty of human achievement in all its glory,  and what do I do? 
 I spin, scheme, strategize. 
 You advise the president of the United States. 
 A man who changes lives with every stroke of his pen,  with every word he utters. 
 You help steer the course of human progress. 
 That's the math I'd worry about. 
 My rocket still sucked. 
 Mr. Beeman, given the circumstances,  would you say your treatment here has been fair? 
 Yes, sir. 
 - That went viral 20 minutes ago. 
 - How did this get out? 
 Good. 
 Because I want you to remember  every day of your life what you took from me. 
 Someone hacked into the prison system. 
 But how? 
 I don't know. 
 But we have to tell the president. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 