Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Family Ties - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Family Ties https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=40945 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/22/20 07:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Family Ties 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Designated Survivor"... 
 Director Foerstel is still digging,  even though we managed to quash your mother-in-law's subpoena. 
 Now we know it's an ongoing investigation. 
 I told my daughter that I hadn't seen Eric Little since 1987,  and that's technically not true. 
 I saw him briefly six months ago. 
 Are we gonna talk about this? 
 - Talk about what? 
 - What happened between us. 
 Nothing's happened between us. 
 Charlotte Thorn was a British rep. 
 They were touting her as a future P.M. 
 - The Thorn murder? 
 - The Prime Minister's furious. 
 - Perhaps I could smooth things. 
 - That would be great. 
 That's five hours before Thorn was killed. 
 Let's run her visitor through facial recognition. 
 Secretary Moss? 
 In the last month,  hundreds of journalists expelled from our great nation! 
 Voices of dissent, silenced -  some of them killed! 
 And President Turan, he breaks ground on a brand new $20 million villa! 
 So, what do we want to say to him? 
 Turan must go! 
 Turan must go! 
 Turan must go! 
 Opposition leader Nuri Sahin  has gathered activists outside the Turkish embassy to condemn President Fatih Turan,  who's in town this week for a NATO summit. 
 This is... 
 Turan's people are already hinting  they want to jack up the leases on our airfields. 
 I know why he needs the money. 
 Elections are in six months. 
 - He's building a war chest. 
 - Yep. 
 He's got a lot of votes to buy. 
 Not with any more of our money. 
 We pay more than enough for those bases:  $6 billion a year. 
 Yeah, I'd be ready to break the bank, sir. 
 The strategic value of those airfields to NATO is enormous. 
 We store nuclear weapons there. 
 Without that real estate, Russia can make the Middle East its own personal sandbox. 
 So you need to make nice at our joint presser:  assure the world of the fundamental importance of the U.S. 
 -Turkey alliance. 
 You mean give the b*st*rd oxygen. 
 That's a more succinct way of putting it, yeah. 
 This was taken the night before your boss was murdered. 
 And the gentleman you see entering Charlotte Thorn's room there  is Secretary of State Cornelius Moss. 
 I don't know anything about that. 
 You didn't know they were carrying on an affair? 
 - No. 
 - Quite a secret to keep from an assistant  you were joined at the hip with for the past seven years. 
 Which is his way of saying we don't believe you. 
 They met at a human rights conference in Dubai last year. 
 - Was it serious? 
 - It was headed that way. 
 Charlotte was still finalizing her divorce, so they kept it discreet. 
 They met all over the world. 
 But it was petering out. 
 - Why do you think that? 
 - Because they started arguing. 
 I don't know about what. 
 Do you know when their last argument was? 
 Secretary Moss came by her office for an hour  on the afternoon of the 21st. 
 - The day before she was killed. 
 - Yes. 
 There were raised voices. 
 He left quite unhappy. 
 And you didn't think to tell us any of this. 
 Secretary Moss is a former President. 
 He couldn't have killed her. 
 Okay. 
 It is not your job to protect his reputation. 
 I'm not protecting his reputation. 
 Charlotte was a beacon of moral authority to millions. 
 How do you think she's going to be remembered  if it comes out that she was having an affair before her divorce was even final? 
 Excuse me. 
 You're an ex-President. 
 The woman you've been sleeping with kicks you to the curb. 
 How's that conversation go? 
 Probably better than the one we're going to have with him. 
 I can't believe I'm actually in the Oval Office. 
 - It's cool, right? 
 - Yeah. 
 - I'll show you Air Force One later. 
 - Really? 
 And you gotta check out the Lincoln Bedroom. 
 I'd love to. 
 Excuse me, I'm sorry. 
 Dad, this is Sibyl. 
 Sibyl, my dad. 
 - It's an honor to meet you, Mr. President. 
 - It's very nice to meet you. 
 Is my son being a gracious host? 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Good. 
 You're the first person he's wanted to show his new home to. 
 Leo, okay if I go freshen up? 
 Yeah, just around the corner. 
 Thanks. 
 It's been an honor, sir. 
 It's very nice to finally meet you, Sibyl. 
 Just over there to the left. 
 Dad, you were supposed to run into us at 10:00 sharp. 
 - It's 10:12. 
 I figured you weren't coming. 
 - I know, I'm sorry. 
 I got busy. 
 You totally killed the vibe. 
 Wow. 
 "Thanks, Dad, for letting me use the Oval Office."  I'm sorry, I just... 
 I really like her. 
 I know you do. 
 I know. 
 She's lovely. 
 Gonna go check on her, make sure she's okay. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 - How's it going? 
 - Not so good. 
 Should've shown her the Lincoln Bedroom. 
 That's what I would've done. 
 Mom, I just want to say this again. 
 You do not have to talk to the FBI. 
 The subpoena that Director Foerstel issued to you was quashed. 
 Right, because he didn't know about my little run-in  with Eric Little six months ago. 
 And neither did you. 
 I'm not blaming you. 
 My point is that if he finds out, he just issues another subpoena, right? 
 He'd have to. 
 I started all this because I took that bribe. 
 And I will finish it. 
 The goal is to convince Director Foerstel that Icarus Astrotech  had no "pattern of influence" that leads to the White House. 
 I understand that. 
 All he's gonna want to talk about is Eric Little. 
 And as long as I steer him away from my recent meeting with him,  then everything's fine, right? 
 Yes. 
 That's the whole game. 
 Do not volunteer anything about what happened six months ago. 
 You focus on what happened 30 years ago,  where the statute of limitations has expired. 
 And if Director Foerstel doesn't bring up the most recent Eric Little meeting,  then your candor will go a long way towards convincing him  that there's no conspiracy,  which means we may be home free. 
 And if he does bring it up? 
 Then, at least we've gotten in front of it. 
 The United States and Turkey have a long-standing friendship and partnership,  one rooted in the shared respect and understanding of our common values. 
 More than $17 billion in bilateral trade last year alone -  a strong strategic alliance that protects the region. 
 And a strategic alliance that is centered around forward Air Force bases,  whose long-term leases we look forward to renegotiating. 
 It is this abiding connection between our countries that we want to maintain,  which is why I'm so troubled that America continues to give safe haven  to Nuri Sahin, an enemy of the Turkish people. 
 - What is Turan doing? 
 - Going off book. 
 Mr. Sahin staged an unsuccessful coup against my government. 
 - And now he has found sanctuary here. 
 - Way off book. 
 President Turan and I have a difference of opinion here. 
 Nuri Sahin is a visiting professor at Georgetown University. 
 He abides by our laws, and he is welcome,  as long as he grades on a curve. 
 So then you continue to provide the terrorist safe harbor. 
 Everybody, we're going to go ahead and adjourn  to the East Room for photos now. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Thank you. 
 Sir, maybe you want to take a few minutes and calm down before you go in there? 
 What are you talking about? 
 I'm calm. 
 - You don't look calm. 
 - I'm calm! 
 Oh, boy. 
 Mr. President, with all due respect, what the hell was that? 
 I think the meaning was clear. 
 Then perhaps you're in need of a diplomatic primer. 
 Prepared statements serve a purpose, so neither side can embarrass the other. 
 I'm not embarrassed. 
 But you should be, for giving asylum to an enemy of our state. 
 We have not given asylum to anyone. 
 Then extradite Sahin so he can face justice! 
 There's no legal basis for that. 
 He hasn't committed a crime. 
 In your country. 
 In ours, he's a murderer;  97 civilian casualties in the coup attempt. 
 Our intelligence shows that the coup attempt  was carried out by a faction of the Turkish military. 
 - Mr. Sahin had nothing to do with it. 
 - Your intelligence is flawed! 
 And so is your impulse to interfere with domestic Turkish affairs. 
 Quite the opposite, sir. 
 If we had extradited him, then we would have interfered. 
 I wonder if Turkey had welcomed Patrick Lloyd,  whether you'd feel the same way? 
 Mr. President, that comparison is not even worthy of a response. 
 And you are no longer worthy of our bases. 
 But perhaps Russia is, Mr. President. 
 Turan must go! 
 Turan must go! 
 I was blown away by last night. 
 Thanks again. 
 Sorry I didn't get to show you the Residence. 
 Next time? 
 Uh, let's cut up Waterside. 
 But the cafe I wanted to show you is just around the corner. 
 - Here, grab one. 
 We need all hands. 
 - Sorry, I'm not interested. 
 You're not interested in what, human rights? 
 The violent suppression of dissent? 
 Mass arrests? 
 Too busy spending all of Daddy's money to give a crap about anybo... 
 - Hey! 
 Get out of her face! 
 - Leo! 
 Get him out of here. 
 Let's go. 
 Clear the area. 
 Right now, Nuri Sahin is the only realistic hope  for a democratic, secular Turkey. 
 Which is why he poses such a threat to Turan. 
 And why Turan's on the warpath. 
 My contacts at NATO are telling me  that he wants to bring a motion to censure the United States. 
 That's absurd. 
 We cover nearly a quarter of NATO's budget. 
 - The vote will never carry. 
 - No, of course not. 
 But passing the motion isn't Turan's goal. 
 - What is? 
 - Undermining us on the world stage. 
 And with the limited good will the Administration has banked abroad,  we can't afford our allies to be taking jabs, sir. 
 And this isn't even a jab. 
 It's a roundhouse. 
 He's right, sir. 
 We can't let this motion come up for a vote. 
 Aaron, apparently President Turan is getting ready to move against us in NATO. 
 I've heard, sir. 
 I just got a draft of the measure. 
 It's a stinging rebuke. 
 Well, we'll have Secretary Moss block it. 
 Actually, sir, there's been an issue with the Secretary. 
 He's recently emerged as a person of interest  in the murder investigation of Charlotte Thorn. 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 He was having an affair with her  and was seen at her apartment a few hours before the murder. 
 Are you kidding? 
 - Did he disclose this to anyone? 
 - No, sir. 
 He was too busy involving himself in the investigation. 
 - Have you talked to him? 
 - Not yet. 
 We wanted to apprise you first. 
 Son of a bitch! 
 We're talking about a former President here. 
 I know him. 
 He... 
 He's my friend. 
 There has to be a reasonable explanation. 
 And he should be afforded the same presumption of innocence as anyone else. 
 But he cannot be allowed to obstruct this investigation,  not even in the slightest. 
 Understood? 
 Yes, sir. 
 I'll tell Hannah. 
 She'll thread the needle. 
 Secretary Moss is also the U.S. representative  on NATO's Defense and Security Committee, which meets here later this afternoon. 
 It would be improper for him to attend given these facts, sir. 
 - If you sideline him, he'll suspect why. 
 - Not if I go in his stead. 
 Let them know I'll be stepping in. 
 Will do. 
 Sir, we can't afford an international black eye with Turkey. 
 We simply can't, not after Kunami. 
 Not while Thorn's murder is still unsolved. 
 I agree. 
 Emily, start working with Seth on a P.R. counter-offensive. 
 Lyor, Aaron; reach out to our allies. 
 Let them know that our bond with Turkey is unbreakable. 
 - We need to nip this in the bud. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - Sir, you're needed in the Residence. 
 - Thank you, Mike. 
 I'll be right there. 
 You should come now, sir. 
 Hey, get out of her face! 
 Get him out of here. 
 Let's go. 
 Clear the area. 
 - It's not what it looks like. 
 - Really? 
 'Cause what it looks like  is you and your girlfriend went to a political demonstration. 
 What the hell were you thinking? 
 No, I didn't. 
 I wasn't there for the protest, Dad. 
 Well, we're listening. 
 Sibyl and I were walking to breakfast. 
 This guy comes out of nowhere and confronts her. 
 - And you pushed him? 
 - Well, I pushed him away. 
 He got in her face, and she's like 90 pounds. 
 I'm sorry, Dad, but if that was Mom, what would you have done? 
 What kind of exposure is he looking at for this sort of thing? 
 We could argue defense of others  so they'd have a hard time making out assault. 
 Misdemeanor disturbing the peace if the D.A. wants to make a name for himself. 
 But then we could argue selective prosecution. 
 Prosecution? 
 We're not gonna let anything bad happen to you, okay? 
 Will this affect my college applications? 
 No. 
 You're gonna have to explain it like you just did to us, but we'll handle it. 
 I need to go check on Sibyl. 
 Yeah. 
 Okay, thank you. 
 That was Kendra. 
 That guy he pushed just hired Bella Conroy. 
 Oh, so here comes the civil suit. 
 Yeah. 
 I checked with Secretary Moss' Secret Service detail. 
 He went off the grid about 11:00 p.m. 
 the night before Thorn's murder. 
 He resurfaced the next evening. 
 Is disappearing like that usual? 
 It happens when ex-Presidents want privacy. 
 But Secretary Moss is also protected by the State Department's DSS. 
 And he slipped them, too. 
 Thanks, Mike. 
 We need to find out what Moss was up to when he ditched his security. 
 I can fill in part of the puzzle. 
 Moss had a credit-card charge  at a ritzy private medical facility in Georgetown  called Ravenwood Hill at 10:00 a.m. 
 A few hours after the murder. 
 Defensive injuries? 
 Nothing on Thorn's body suggests a struggle, just the gunshot wound. 
 Charles, can you tell us what he was up to in that facility? 
 Not without a subpoena. 
 I don't mess with medical records. 
 What if it was something that was technically non-medical,  like hours of admission, something like that? 
 Gimme a sec. 
 Moss self-admitted at 8:30 in the morning, discharged at 9:00 p.m. 
 What was Leo doing at the rally? 
 The President doesn't comment on family matters. 
 Our sources indicate that the man Leo pushed,  Peter Potuck, wants to press charges. 
 Has the D.A. been in touch? 
 The President doesn't comment on family matters. 
 Seth, come on! 
 The YouTube video of Leo's scuffle already has nine million hits. 
 The victim hired Bella Conroy. 
 You seem to know everything already, Tiffany, so why are you asking me? 
 - We're asking for confirmation. 
 - I can confirm that's all I have. 
 The victim's clearly pressing charges. 
 If that's clear, then what do you need me for? 
 Is the President concerned about the... 
 Well, the good news is, if the Moss story breaks,  another story might push it off the front page. 
 The bad news is... 
 The President sees the dilemma, Lyor. 
 Yeah... 
 I'm saying we have to cauterize something, sir. 
 My vote is the civil suit. 
 I already reached out to Conroy to set up a meeting. 
 What do you think she's looking for? 
 My guess: a little publicity, a few hundred grand. 
 I've watched the video six times. 
 The guy is twice the size of my son, went down like a sack of potatoes. 
 He probably figured out it was Leo. 
 He's using the threat of criminal charges  as leverage. 
 Sir, write a check. 
 - You're right. 
 Make it disappear. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Mr. 
 Secretary, we realize these are uncomfortable questions. 
 Asking my whereabouts when a Member of Parliament was killed? 
 Why would you think that'd be uncomfortable? 
 We're not trying to offend you, sir. 
 We're trying to exonerate you. 
 I don't need to be exonerated, son. 
 Of course not, sir. 
 Because you didn't do anything. 
 - So if you could just give us your alibi... 
 - I will do nothing of the sort. 
 Then maybe you can tell us what you were doing at Ravenwood. 
 That's none of your business. 
 Sir, if you don't answer our questions, it puts us in an awkward position. 
 And puts you in one, too. 
 Are you telling me I need a lawyer? 
 I don't know, sir. 
 Do you? 
 Good day, Agent Wells. 
 Peter Potuck's attorney says their opening salvo is $8 million. 
 What? 
 - For a lousy push? 
 - That's ridiculous. 
 I spent my entire career as a professor. 
 They know I don't have that kind of money. 
 Maybe it's not a shakedown. 
 Maybe Potuck's looking for publicity. 
 Or a special interest is staking him. 
 You know, someone on the wrong side of an Administration policy. 
 - Mike. 
 - I'll look into it, sir. 
 Sir, Agent Wells spoke to Secretary Moss. 
 He refused to cooperate. 
 I'm very disappointed to hear that. 
 Emily, I need you to have a come-to-Jesus talk with him. 
 Will do, sir, after NATO's Defense and Security Committee meeting,  - which we are late for. 
 - Let's go. 
 I do not understand why my motion to censure  the United States cannot be brought to the Assembly floor. 
 Parliamentary procedure, President Turan. 
 None of the other member nations are willing to second that motion. 
 Because President Kirkman has threatened all of them! 
 Be careful, sir. 
 That is defamatory and false. 
 You harbor a criminal, sir. 
 That makes you a criminal. 
 If the honorable President from Turkey is finished with his little outburst,  I believe the committee has important work to do. 
 Yes, the distribution of NATO's assets. 
 The mutual defense and security this committee is supposed to address! 
 And which you are allowing President Kirkman to undermine! 
 The only one who's undermining us is you... 
 by threatening to pull back leases for air bases that protect us all. 
 Protection is a two-way street. 
 We won't give it if we don't get it. 
 A point of procedure, Mr. Secretary General. 
 If President Turan is unwilling to address the business of this committee,  I think he should be censured. 
 That won't be necessary. 
 It is apparent Turkey's interests are no longer of value to NATO. 
 So NATO is no longer of value to Turkey. 
 We'll be sending a formal notice of withdrawal. 
 This is no good, Tom. 
 No good at all. 
 - Florian, he's bluffing. 
 - He's not. 
 We've already received the paperwork. 
 - The global implications of this... 
 - He's behaving like a bully. 
 He's trying to see how much he can behave like a dictator  within our democratic body. 
 And if we don't check him now, the bar will move,  and we'll never be able to move it back. 
 Look, I understand your concern. 
 If we don't maintain a stronghold in Turkey,  we potentially open up the Middle East for Russian dominance. 
 Which affects the balance of power in Eurasia, too. 
 This could incite another cold war. 
 What would you have me do? 
 I think you know the answer to that question. 
 If I make Nuri Sahin go back to Turkey... 
 ...there won't be a trial. 
 It'll be a firing squad, and you know it. 
 He's one man, sir. 
 My country was predicated on the idea that one man matters. 
 One man can make a difference. 
 One American, perhaps. 
 But Sahin is Turkish. 
 And 29 countries are counting on you to keep NATO intact. 
 The world is counting, sir. 
 Seth? 
 Hey! 
 Seth? 
 Tiffany, there's another briefing at 6:00 p.m. 
 I know. 
 I wanted to speak to you privately. 
 - Make it fast. 
 - It's about the President's family. 
 - I have nothing to say about Leo Kirkman. 
 - It's about the President's mother-in-law. 
 - Good, I have your attention. 
 - What is it? 
 I understand that the President's mother-in-law  is meeting with Director Foerstel today. 
 Do I have that right? 
 - No comment. 
 - Good, I have it right. 
 I want a sit-down with the President, Seth. 
 - That's not gonna happen. 
 - Okay. 
 I know that you don't think  that I have enough to go to press, but I do. 
 Icarus and heart transplants and bribes. 
 It's all very salacious. 
 And I'm guessing the President would want an opportunity  to give his family's side of things. 
 Otherwise, these articles can seem so one-sided. 
 What's your time frame? 
 - Thirty minutes. 
 - Are you out of your mind? 
 The President has a full agenda today. 
 You may have chutzpah, but you don't have a deadline. 
 - You're an e-zine. 
 - Who competes against the big boys now,  and we like to get the scoop. 
 Thirty minutes, Seth. 
 - So Gimble has us. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 And she wants to do the interview now so we can't coordinate with Eva. 
 Gimble's gonna publish with or without our cooperation. 
 But sitting down with her gives you an opportunity to spin things. 
 The problem is, we don't know what you're walking into. 
 We don't know the extent of Gimble's intel. 
 Eva's recent meeting with Little;  - that's the danger zone. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 If Gimble and Foerstel both ask about that, you and Eva risk  contradicting each other, which would look like thirty years  of Icarus getting contracts while greasing the First Family. 
 And let's not forget to throw a dead body into the mix. 
 Eric Little's murder is still unsolved. 
 All of which would give Foerstel ammunition to widen his investigation. 
 But if the Little meeting doesn't come up,  my cooperation might get Gimble to stop digging. 
 It might, but the downside's enormous. 
 It's Russian roulette. 
 NATO's coming apart, my son is being sued,  my mentor is a potential murder suspect,  and my mother-in-law's being grilled by the FBI. 
 And I'm just sitting here watching the world burn. 
 It's time to pick up a bucket. 
 Set up the interview. 
 It breaks with etiquette for a former President  to be summoned to a Chief of Staff's office. 
 Well, it breaks with etiquette  for a former President to have to be summoned. 
 Please. 
 I'm advising you that we are now on the record, sir. 
 I understand. 
 How long had you and Ms. 
 Thorn been involved? 
 Five months. 
 - Was it serious? 
 - She wanted it to be. 
 I was a little more circumspect. 
 What were you two arguing about the day before she died? 
 Secretary Moss? 
 Well, she gave me an ultimatum. 
 She told me she expected a ring. 
 I made a joke, said she already had one. 
 She said that was a friendship ring. 
 And then, I said I didn't like being pushed. 
 - And how did you leave it? 
 - She told me it was over. 
 I told her she was being foolish, and I walked out. 
 I went back to her hotel later that night to see if we could... 
 - work things out. 
 - And did you? 
 No. 
 Where were you the morning that Charlotte Thorn was killed? 
 I'm not at liberty to discuss that. 
 Why did you check yourself into Ravenwood Hill Medical Facility  hours after her murder? 
 - It's not relevant. 
 - Sir... 
 I swear to you I did not kill Charlotte Thorn. 
 I cared deeply about her. 
 That's all I have to say. 
 The President has instructed me to advise you  that until such time as you fully cooperate, you are suspended. 
 Please tell the President for me  that I, better than anyone, appreciate his position,  and that I hope when this is solved and my name is cleared,  I can continue to serve him. 
 Mr. President,  are you familiar with a deceased Icarus Astrotech employee named Eric Little? 
 Yes, but only in the context of the FBI inquiry into my mother-in-law. 
 Are you aware that Eva Booker was the recipient of a bribe from him in 1987? 
 Tiffany, I thought we'd agreed you were gonna confine your questions  to matters of which the President had personal knowledge. 
 This isn't a court of law, Seth. 
 It's an interview. 
 Seth, it's fine. 
 I am aware of the bribe. 
 But again, only in the context of the FBI inquiry into my mother-in-law. 
 Yes, I knew I was being offered a bribe by Mr. Little. 
 - And you knew that it was wrong. 
 - Yes. 
 And I'd do it again. 
 Point of clarification: did you do it again, Mrs. Booker? 
 - No. 
 - Are you aware that six months ago,  the Department of Defense awarded Icarus Astrotech,  Mr. 
 Little's company, a billion-dollar contract? 
 No. 
 Are you aware that the Icarus employee  who executed that contract was Mr. 
 Little? 
 If she didn't know about the contract, how would she know... 
 I'd like her to answer. 
 - No. 
 - So you were not aware that the D.O.D.  authorized a billion-dollar contract to Icarus Astrotech? 
 No. 
 I have a great deal of respect for Secretary Grimaldi. 
 He has an excellent staff, and I don't micro-manage him. 
 We'd like to take a brief break. 
 I'm going to object to that. 
 I'd like to remind you, Mr. Foerstel, that we are here voluntarily. 
 Yes, and you've voluntarily agreed to my guidelines. 
 And they include a ban on coordination of testimony. 
 Coordination with whom? 
 Really? 
 Coordination with whom, Director Foerstel? 
 Why would you assume that we are coordinating  Mrs. Booker's testimony with anyone? 
 I'm not gonna assume anything, provided we continue. 
 Mr. President, do you understand why the contract  has the appearance of impropriety,  particularly in light of Mr. Little's murder? 
 Yes, I think I do. 
 Sometimes, journalists, through no fault of their own,  seek to find a story even when there is no story there. 
 
 
 
 You haven't exactly been the most transparent of Presidents. 
 Now, I take exception to that. 
 I think I've gone to great lengths to be as transparent as possible. 
 Now obviously, there are limits when matters of national security are involved. 
 So you admit that you're not always honest with the American people? 
 Have you made any large purchases in the past six months? 
 Define large. 
 Above $1,000. 
 No. 
 Have there been any irregularly large deposits in your accounts  over the past six months? 
 Director Foerstel, Mrs. 
 Booker has already stated  she has not accepted a monetary bribe. 
 Yes, but given her history,  you understand why I can't take this assertion at face value. 
 We'll provide copies of her bank statements. 
 Thank you. 
 I have just one more question, Mrs. Booker. 
 Six months ago, did you take a vacation on St. Lucia? 
 Specifically, did you stay at a hotel called the Grand Balfour? 
 Yes. 
 How did you afford that holiday? 
 My husband left me an annuity,  and every year, my daughter and I take one trip together. 
 Last year, it was Bermuda and... 
 This year, it was St. Lucia. 
 Mr. Foerstel, Mrs. Booker's been here a long time. 
 If there's nothing further. 
 No, there's nothing further. 
 Thank you so much for your cooperation, Mrs. Booker. 
 Thank you. 
 Why don't you ask me the question that you want to ask? 
 Sir? 
 Just ask the question. 
 I'll answer it. 
 That way, we can stop dancing around each other. 
 All right. 
 Can you assure the American people that your family is not presently involved  in any type of pay-for-play arrangement with Icarus Astrotech? 
 Yes, I can, because there is no corrupt relationship with Icarus. 
 Nothing nefarious is being orchestrated by my mother-in-law, my wife, or me. 
 I took a pledge to serve the American people, not myself,  and I am doing that to the best of my ability. 
 I give you my word. 
 Kendra said Mrs. Booker came through with flying colors. 
 - So did you, Mr. President. 
 - We'll see. 
 I'm only grateful that she didn't know about Eva's last meeting with Eric Little. 
 And Gimble's piece will be about a 30-year-old bribe to save a man's life. 
 That's gonna lack teeth. 
 It's not all good news. 
 Foerstel may be leaking to Gimble. 
 Not a chance. 
 John Foerstel may be many things,  but dishonorable isn't one of them. 
 Then someone else is leaking to both of them. 
 In the end, we can only control what we control. 
 Seth, thank you for setting it up. 
 - Great job, Mr. President. 
 - Yes, sir. 
 Mr. President, Nuri Sahin is here. 
 Thank you. 
 I need to handle this one on my own. 
 I understand. 
 I know why you have called me here, sir. 
 I know you have to send me back. 
 I'll be honest. 
 There has been a great deal of pressure to do just that. 
 I understand. 
 President Turan is right. 
 I am a revolutionary. 
 Are you telling me that you were part of the attempted coup? 
 No, sir. 
 But I want Turan removed. 
 Democratically, yes, but removed. 
 Men like that... 
 the only thing they fear more than bullets is the ballot box. 
 Yes. 
 And the pursuit of democracy is the worthiest of causes. 
 Like your own Nathan Hale said... 
 "I only regret I have but one life to give to my country."  That's correct. 
 And he was a teacher, like you. 
 Please. 
 I want you to know that you are safe here in my country. 
 I admire what you're doing. 
 And I can only hope that someday soon,  you'll be able to return home. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 No, thank you. 
 I looked into Peter Potuck, sir, the guy Leo pushed. 
 He works for a charity called the Ankara Trust. 
 It funnels money into Turan's regime. 
 Wait a second. 
 You're telling me... 
 that this whole thing with Leo was a setup,  and that President Turan was behind it? 
 Yes, sir. 
 The charity's run by an Emre Sadik. 
 Mr. President, Sadik has a 17-year-old daughter, and... 
 her name is Sibyl, sir. 
 Leo's girlfriend? 
 She's part of this? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Oh, no. 
 I want to do a press conference  denouncing President Turan and his tactics. 
 Sir, you can't talk about that on a public forum. 
 He went after my family, my son! 
 We understand that, sir. 
 But Gimble is about to break a story  about an investigation into your mother-in-law. 
 Criminal charges are only pending against Leo. 
 Sir, if you intervene on his behalf by attacking Turan,  you'll make the House of Borgia look like "Romper Room."  Damn it! 
 I am tired of you people always telling me my hands are tied! 
 Well, there is a way to untie them. 
 Yeah, I know, by throwing Sahin to the lions. 
 Not gonna happen! 
 Think of something else! 
 I'll do a presser with Sahin. 
 Sir, it's not U.S. policy to give a platform to the opposition leader. 
 They don't know that. 
 And they don't know what I'm capable of. 
 That'll be my leverage. 
 Tell President Turan I want to see him now. 
 - That's all! 
 - Yes, sir. 
 - You're saying she was playing me? 
 - Yeah. 
 I'm really sorry, son. 
 No. 
 No, we spend two hours on the phone every night. 
 I mean, we were gonna go on spring break together. 
 This is a mistake! 
 I'm afraid it's not. 
 I had Mike triple-check it. 
 Sweetheart, being the President's son means that sometimes,  people don't have the purest of motives. 
 Leo. 
 Leo, please. 
 Tom, leave him. 
 Moss has been cleared as a suspect,  but he gave us a valuable lead. 
 Charlotte Thorn wore a friendship ring. 
 The police didn't find it on her body. 
 Find the ring, we find the killer. 
 Here's one with Thorn in a necklace. 
 Thorn and a pendant. 
 Actually, that's a brooch. 
 Thorn and another pendant. 
 Here's something, at a fundraiser the night before she was killed. 
 Can you blow that up? 
 I've seen that ring. 
 So have I. 
 Thank you. 
 This is Charlotte at a fundraiser the night before she was killed. 
 And that's the ring she was wearing. 
 But when they found her body a day later,  there was no ring on it. 
 Guess who has that same exact ring? 
 We both liked the same jewelry. 
 Okay, here's another photo. 
 That's you. 
 Same fundraiser, no ring. 
 You can see where this is going, right? 
 She's wearing the ring, and you're not. 
 Then 24 hours later, she doesn't have it and you do. 
 And I see the setting on that ring. 
 There's a lot of little crevices  where dead skin, DNA can lodge. 
 So we're going to take that ring, and we're gonna send that down to the lab. 
 - And if your boss... 
 - You don't understand! 
 We might. 
 It was a brutal job, sounds like,  16-hour days, year after year. 
 Handmaiden to someone famous, unappreciated. 
 You must've hated her. 
 I didn't hate her! 
 I loved her! 
 She was in this terrible marriage for years. 
 And she finally gets out of it. 
 And then I have to watch as she falls for Secretary Moss,  who doesn't care for her at all! 
 - She broke up with him. 
 - Yes. 
 And I went to her, and... 
 I told her that we could finally be together. 
 And she said that she didn't want me. 
 All those years of doing absolutely everything for her,  of leading me on, and she was just... just using me! 
 - So you shot her. 
 - Yes. 
 She betrayed me. 
 I loved her, but she betrayed me! 
 A press conference with Sahin? 
 You wouldn't dare. 
 Not only will I, I'll do as many  as I think is necessary to convey not only to your people,  but to the rest of the world that Nuri Sahin is the only person who is capable  of delivering true democracy and opportunity to the great Turkish people,  and that he alone can make his nation a shining beacon of hope and stability  in a region that is historically unstable. 
 Hell, by the time I'm finished, you'll be begging me not to extradite him. 
 Because if I do, you'll be staring straight down the barrel  - at certain civil war. 
 - President Kirkman... 
 Here is my one-time offer. 
 And I want you to pay attention, 'cause there's a price to pay. 
 Turkey will remain a NATO state. 
 You will give us back the leases for the air bases. 
 This is extortion. 
 You will drop the civil case against my son,  and your man will contact the District Attorney's office  and tell them that he is not pressing charges. 
 If you fail to do any one of these things,  you can watch Mr.Sahin and myself on television  delivering the first of what I hope  to be many press conferences in the Rose Garden. 
 Are you following me? 
 - Yes! 
 - Good. 
 Because now I need to be particularly clear,  because you and I will never speak again. 
 If you ever try and harm my family, I will find you,  and not as the President of the United States,  but a man who is trying to protect his own. 
 And I promise you,  that's not how you want to see me. 
 Mike, I think you can show President Turan the way out. 
 Sir? 
 I come to you a humbled man,  offering an apology to his President. 
 I know that my behavior obstructed the Thorn murder investigation,  and that was never my intent. 
 Yet that was the effect. 
 I cared very deeply about Charlotte Thorn. 
 And I wanted to be a part of the investigation to get her justice. 
 And you wanted to keep your affair a secret. 
 Yes, that too. 
 She was the first woman I'd opened up to in the four years since Elaine died. 
 And part of me felt I was being disloyal,  like I was dishonoring her memory. 
 I get why you wouldn't want it to go public. 
 No. 
 It's the same reason why I pulled away  when Charlotte told me she wanted something more serious. 
 I understand. 
 The problem is, I didn't. 
 I didn't understand just how much I cared about her. 
 So when she told me it was over, I went home. 
 And I started spiraling. 
 And you slipped. 
 Two years clean, one night to fall off the wagon. 
 Next morning, I checked myself into Ravenwood... 
 because I could not allow myself to go down that path again. 
 And you didn't think you could trust me with that. 
 No, Tom, I didn't. 
 I felt ashamed. 
 So I am saving you the trouble, sir. 
 Because when I was President,  you know what I'd call someone who acted the way I have? 
 A cab. 
 You've made a mistake, Cornelius. 
 I value our friendship. 
 And I still need your counsel, your humanity,  and I think the American people do, too. 
 But if we were somehow to move forward as friends,  I would need you to give me your word  you would never leave me on the outside again. 
 You have it. 
 Thank you. 
 All right. 
 Do what you have to. 
 But as soon as you're ready, come back. 
 Your office will be waiting. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Let me walk you out. 
 So, we have some unfinished business. 
 Yeah? 
 What sort of business? 
 Personal business. 
 Is that right? 
 Hey. 
 I can't even go to a movie. 
 There's a screening room here in the White House. 
 I mean, I can't have a normal life. 
 I know. 
 And everyone who looks at me; all they see is the President's son. 
 All I can tell you is that the right girl won't see you that way. 
 There won't be a right girl as long as I'm living in a bubble. 
 I am so sorry. 
 So, when are you leaving town? 
 Who said I'm leaving town? 
 Well, you were detailed to the Thorn case. 
 - I was. 
 - And we closed that case. 
 We did. 
 And you have a duffel bag. 
 I was headed to the gym. 
 No, I've been posted full time at the British Embassy,  effective... 
 immediately. 
 What?! 
 Hey. 
 Hey, how is he? 
 Not good. 
 He just found out his girlfriend was Mata Hari. 
 - I just wish I knew what to say. 
 - There is nothing to say. 
 You've just gotta be there for him, which you are. 
 You're there for all of us. 
 And we're going to need you right now. 
 What is it? 
 This came. 
 You're being subpoenaed by John Foerstel? 
 For what? 
 His last question to my mom was about our trip to St. Lucia. 
 Foerstel's found a Saint Lucian bank account  set up by Eric Little six months ago... 
 in my name. 
 Right before Icarus got its latest government contract  for a billion dollars. 
 Tom... 
 I'm being set up. 
 We're all being set up! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 