Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - The Blueprint - Designated Survivor 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - The Blueprint https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=721&t=30166 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/08/16 07:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - The Blueprint 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Designated Survivor"... 
 It's the man who killed Majid Nassar. 
 I think the people who did this are trying to make Jason do something. 
 You have an hour. 
 After that, you'll either find your son safe at home... or not. 
 I killed Majid Nassar. 
 The deputy director of the FBI killed the world's most wanted terrorist? 
 I'm afraid so. 
 Cheer up, Peter. 
 You're about to be a heartbeat away. 
 Assuming you make it to V.P., When I take Kirkman down, I'll make sure I don't leave you behind. 
 Woman : 11:14 p.m. 
 Look into it. 
 Wait. 
 [Dial tone] 
 [Horns honking] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Computer beeps] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Beeps] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Beeps] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Woman :  Madam Speaker, congratulations on your new position. Let me start by asking, do you, like your colleagues in the Senate, view these confirmation hearings as anything more than a formality? 
 Hookstraten :  Tom Kirkman is our president because he wasn't at the State of the Union. Peter MacLeish is a hero because he lived through it. Certainly, survival shouldn't be the only qualification when it comes to leading our country, should it? 
 She's intimidated by you. 
 She's done everything from "Megyn Kelly" to "Jimmy Kimmel." 
 "Intimidated" isn't the word that comes to mind. 
 Alex : 162 Independents in the new house. 
 How can she read that as anything other than America's endorsement of their first Independent president? 
 Trust me. She'll find a way. 
 Madam Speaker, what do you hope to learn from Congressman MacLeish's testimony? 
 Has she done any irrevocable damage to our nominee this morning? 
 No, just continuing her never-ending quest to cast doubt on his qualifications. 
 She'd be better off taking a cue from the Senate. 
 They made it perfectly clear. 
 No one wants to play politics with this confirmation. 
 I wish I saw her face when the vote came back unanimous. 
 You think steam can actually come out of someone's ears? 
 You remembered my order. 
 Double Americano. 
 Three pumps vanilla, one pump caramel. 
 It's too ridiculous to forget. 
 [Door opens] 
 Seth : Hey. 
 Why are you guys so calm? Don't you check your e-mail? 
 Not in the last 45 seconds. Why? 
 Aaron : A security breach. 
 All right, let's get the NSA Director on the phone. 
 I want the full story before we notify the president. 
 Let's go. 
 [Phone ringing] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Chuck : Hey. 
 Hey. 
 They've been digging through Atwood's office all morning. 
 You know what's going on? 
 It's an internal review. 
 Why is Atwood being investigated? 
 How do you know that's what's happening? 
 Because here comes the Director of Internal Affairs John Foerstel. 
 Agent Wells. Hi. 
 A word? 
 Aaron : His name is Gabriel Thompson. 
 He worked as a systems analyst for the National Security Agency for the last 20 years. 
 Tom : And yesterday he just walked out the front door with a ton of classified information? 
 Which this morning the NSA is calling a "significant breach." 
 How significant? 
 Well, the prototype hard drive Thompson took is capable of storing terabytes of files. 
 NSA estimates it'll take days to comb through the system and assess the stolen data. 
 Luckily, the press hasn't gotten wind of that. 
 Well, only a matter of time before that happens. 
 Agreed. What do we know about this Thompson? 
 I mean, is this espionage? 
 Is a foreign government involved? 
 Well, it's uncertain, sir. 
 NSA's throwing all their resources into tracking him down. 
 And Whitaker promised to brief you as soon as he knows more. 
 We need to get ahead of this now. 
 Foerstel : It's nice to see you, Agent Wells. 
 It's been a while. 
 Well, John, in your line of work, that's generally considered a good thing. 
 Hm. 
 Look, I know that you were close with Jason Atwood, but it's a friendship that could cause problems for you. 
 Why? 
 Am I under investigation, too? 
 Come on. 
 You're smart enough to know that you're wrapped up in this. 
 You were with Jason at the prison when Nassar was murdered. 
 You were there with him during the interrogation. 
 What is the point of this? 
 You of all people know that Jason's not a murderer. 
 Well, I can't exactly ignore a confession. 
 [Sighs] 
 If this was so cut-and-dry, why are you doing an investigation at all? 
 All right, I'll bite. 
 If Jason Atwood didn't kill Majid Nassar, who did? 
 You're not doing yourself any favors, Hannah. 
 And I know you'd rather answer my questions than a federal prosecutor's. 
 Wow. 
 We used to be on the same side. 
 Yeah. 
 And we still would be if you and Jason had ever learned how to play by the rules like I warned you to years ago. 
 Instead, here we are. 
 Oh, and, Hannah, I'm paying Jason a visit this afternoon. 
 Your stories better match. 
 [Cellphone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Hannah : Hey, Chuck, think you can get the Peter MacLeish vetting files out of the RMD and meet me at my house in 20 minutes? 
 Yes. 
 But, Hannah, what the hell's going on? 
 I'll explain when you get there. 
 You brought Emily coffee? You never bring me coffee. 
 What do you want, Seth? 
 Majid Nassar. 
 He's still dead, right? 
 Remember when I told you the press was gonna want answers on who killed the most-wanted terrorist in U.S. history? - Yeah. 
 Well, I'm telling you they want answers. 
 Well, you got to hold them off, Seth. 
 And when I can't? 
 When the  Post  runs an op-ed or when the  Times  accuses us of a cover-up? 
 Listen, POTUS is meeting with the FBI today. 
 Just buy us some time to get the answers we need. 
 And if you do, then coffee for you next time. - All right. 
 Hey, look at this. 
 Gabriel Thompson just dumped a massive amount of government documents on WikiLeaks. 
 Seriously? WikiLeaks? 
 Isn't that, like, a whistleblower cliché? 
 Aaron : Not when the docs are all linked to members of the previous administration. 
 Which Kirkman served in. 
 Man :  Material continues to be released via WikiLeaks involving questionable activities by members of President Richmond's cabinet. It appears that several cabinet members were abusing their power by receiving money in exchange for access. Travel doc... 
 Okay, so he's claiming that Richmond's cabinet was corrupt. 
 I guess we can take espionage off the list. 
 How bad is it? 
 It looks a lot worse than it is, sir. 
 Yeah, pay-for-play sort of things, mostly. 
 The Treasury Secretary was paid to give speeches at corporate retreats for banking CEOs. 
 Commerce Secretary took overseas research trips paid for by foreign lobby groups. 
 The optics are terrible, but it's not exactly high crimes. 
 But they are crimes, right? 
 Counsel's office says yes, but so far the blow-back's been minimal, and most of the people that he's referencing died during the Capitol bombing. 
 Everyone but me. 
 And that's a problem, sir. 
 Why? What did he say? 
 Well, that's exactly it. 
 Your files haven't been released. 
 Why would he hold my files back? 
 Emily : Maybe it's a strategy. 
 He's waiting till the press is in a frenzy so he has the whole country's attention. 
 Look, I-I hate to ask, but if we're gonna get hit, we need to know how to respond. 
 And Mr. President, do you have anything to hide? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Scoffs] Do I have anything to hide? 
 I'm sorry to ask, Mr. President, but we just want to protect you. 
 I appreciate that, Aaron. 
 No, I have nothing to hide. No secrets. 
 Is it possible that he knows about Leo's paternity question? 
 It's a non-story. 
 They'd find that out as quickly as Lisa Jordan did. 
 Maybe he knows we're sitting on the Atwood confession. 
 I've been getting hit from some national newspaper guys. 
 We're not sitting on anything. We're investigating. 
 As soon as we have answers, so will the American people. 
 So why would this so-called whistleblower release every cabinet member's tax returns, their banking records, except yours? 
 Look, we can speculate all day on what Mr. Thompson thinks he might have on me. 
 The truth is we need to find him. 
 Until the NSA knows exactly what he's stolen, he's a threat to our national security. 
 All right, sir, we'll stay on top of it, keep you posted. 
 Thank you. 
 Chuck : Let me get this straight. 
 You're saying that Peter MacLeish, the guy about to be confirmed as vice president, is somehow involved in the conspiracy that destroyed the Capitol. 
 I know. It's a lot to process. 
 My parents' divorce was a lot to process. 
 This is next-level, Hannah. 
 [Sighs] 
 I don't know, but it's also hard to ignore when you lay it all out like this. 
 Here's the problem. 
 Foerstel's already suspicious of me. 
 But I can't back off MacLeish. Not now. 
 I need hard evidence against him, but the only evidence I have right now... 
 I know. I know. 11:14 p.m. 
 Right. 
 I looked everywhere. I've got nothing. 
 Right, which is why you need to re-examine MacLeish's files and see if there's a connection. 
 Chuck, I know you're taking a risk by being here, so if you needed to leave, I'd understand. 
 Hannah, when you come asking for help, it's never easy, and sometimes not even legal. 
 [Sighs] 
 But you're smart and dedicated and usually right, so tell me what I need to do. 
 George : To be honest, I'm not comfortable going after the "Miracle on the Potomac" just because you've got a bone to pick with the president. 
 Congressman, you're new here. 
 So let me give you a little bit of free advice. 
 D.C. is all about relationships. 
 And this relationship, yours and mine, is not one you want to sour. 
 This is a confirmation, not a coronation. 
 It's not our job to give the president what he wants. 
 Our job is to determine what's best for the country. - Yes, ma'am. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll see you inside. 
 Congressman, Mrs. MacLeish. 
 Kimble, I hope you're not too easy on him today. 
 I'm so glad I ran into you. 
 I would have hated starting the day without wishing you the best of luck. 
 Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. 
 Congresswoman. 
 Do you mind if I ask what it is you have against Kirkman and myself? 
 I don't trust anyone who has things handed to them in life... 
 ...especially power. 
 Chuck : 11:14 p.m. 
 I got nothing here, Hannah. 
 I know it sounds crazy, but my source was right about room 105. 
 She was right about MacLeish, so there's got to be something to this. 
 I thought that I would find those numbers on some of the time stamps on the files. 
 What if it's not a time? 
 I mean, what if it's a date? 
 Look at this. 
 This... This is the after-action report that earned him the Bronze Star in Afghanistan. 
 November 14, 2005. 
 11:14 p.m. 
 P.M... 
 Peter MacLeish. Peter MacLeish. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, but this document isn't exactly a smoking gun. 
 MacLeish's unit was attacked by the Taliban, and he managed to save most of his men. 
 I mean, this report's an endorsement of his bravery and heroism. 
 Yes, but room 105, at a first glance, didn't look like a bomb shelter, did it? 
 You think his file isn't telling you the whole story? 
 I think that I'd like to hear from the men who were there, whether they saw things the same way. 
 MacLeish :  To be the only survivor of the Capitol bombing, I know, does not qualify me for higher office, but when President Kirkman... 
 MacLeish is crushing it. 
 This guy was made for TV. 
 I know. 
 If we don't wrap this up today, I think you can go hard after Hookstraten for holding it up. 
 I mean, public opinion will definitely be in our favor. 
 [Cellphones vibrating, ringing] 
 Another dump on WikiLeaks. 
 Congressional memos, e-mails, legislative briefings. 
 Doesn't look like anything on Kirkman. 
 No, nothing here can touch him. 
 That's not true. 
 Have you seen the leaked memo on Senator Hazelton? 
 [Sighs] The country would've been better off if he'd stayed retired. 
 Well, that might be true, but his office just called. 
 We just pissed off the one man in Washington we can't afford to piss off. 
 How did  we  piss him off? 
 Senator Hazelton? 
 Seth : He retired at the end of last term. 
 He came back after the Capitol bombing when the governor of Vermont appointed him. 
 And just named the new chair of the Senate Appropriations Committee. 
 The senator has tremendous power. 
 His committee can lock down any debt, tax, spending bill we suggest. 
 And what about the memo was so offensive? 
 "Senator Hazelton is a lecherous old man more accustomed to groping female staff than promoting them." 
 Again, why is this my problem? 
 Because he wants you to fire the author immediately. 
 Okay, who's the author? 
 I am, sir. 
 [Sighs] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Emily : Senator, please understand that my words are in no way a reflection of how the president feels about you. 
 That was written years ago, long before I even met the president. 
 I sincerely apologize for embarrassing you in any way. 
 And you think that's enough? 
 Tom : [Scoffs] 
 Senator, I know you want me to fire Ms. Rhodes, but I've known Emily for many years. 
 And I can tell you her apology is sincere. 
 Oh, she means it all right. 
 Now. When she's scared. 
 She had a whole different attitude when she first wrote that smear, back when she was a nobody, a jumped-up little House staffer, and I was finance chairman, served in two cabinets, elected to six consecutive terms. 
 Again, Senator, I hear what you're saying. 
 I'm just trying to find us a way to move forward. 
 Mr. President, I came out of retirement to serve again because my country needed me. 
 I just helped your nominee, Peter MacLeish, through a speedy Senate confirmation, and this is my reward? 
 To be libeled by one of your staffers? 
 Senator, we were all thrown by these leaked documents. 
 I just think we should be going after the people that leaked them, not the people that wrote them. 
 I'm sorry, Mr. President. 
 Perhaps you would feel differently if it was your character that had been smeared. 
 You know the power I wield in the Senate. 
 I'll give you some time to consider in what way and how publicly you want to do this. 
 But she needs to be gone by the end of business. 
 Mr. President. 
 Senator. 
 [Sighs] 
 Unbelievable. 
 Like it or not, he's not an enemy you want to make. 
 He can hold up your entire economic agenda for the next three years. 
 You don't have a choice. 
 You have to accept my resignation. 
 MacLeish : I appreciate the question, and I... and I understand it. 
 Um, my public life's been an open book. 
 Ever since I was a little boy, I-I took to heart John F. Kennedy's call to service. 
 I hope over the course of this hearing, you're seeing how I lived up to that call. 
 George :  And do you think you're qualified for the office of Vice President? My father instilled in me... 
 Hannah : Look at him. 
 It's like he's channeling Camelot. 
 He even looks like a Kennedy. 
 Here's the contact info for the eight members of MacLeish's unit on the 11/14 mission living in the Virginia-Maryland area. 
 Oh, great. 
 I can't cover this much ground by myself. 
 You take Virginia. I'll take Maryland. 
 Just consider this an unofficial battlefield promotion to field agent. 
 Um... 
 Also, call me on this, not your regular phone. 
 I'm more of a behind-the-scenes computer guy. 
 Chuck, I know I'm asking a lot, but there's a short list of people that I trust right now. 
 One of them is in jail for something he didn't do, and the other one is you. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Helicopter blades whirring] 
 Foerstel : I got to tell you I was relieved when they gave me your case 'cause I thought if anybody can help you, it's gonna be me. 
 John, you could never play the good cop. 
 Atwood : Just ask the questions, and let's get this thing going. 
 Foerstel : Why'd you waive your right to an attorney? 
 I have nothing to defend. 
 I'm guilty. 
 So you intended to poison Nassar before you arrived at the prison? 
 I had the Thallium in a salt packet hidden in my pocket. 
 And you weren't at all concerned about surveillance footage? 
 There's a blind spot in the North Hall corridor. 
 An officer told me about it some years ago in case I needed to have an off-the-record with a prisoner. 
 I waited until we cleared the cameras. I passed the food tray. Put the salt in Nassar's plate. 
 Foerstel : How'd you know it was his? 
 He's Muslim. Specially prepared halal meals. Can we verify everything he's saying? My team's working on it, sir, but so far, everything he said matches the forensic evidence taken from the scene. You came up with Jason Atwood, right? Yes, sir. We were in the same class at Quantico. Had our first assignments together. Could you ever imagine that he was capable of committing such a crime? I've worked in the Office of Professional Responsibility for 13 years, Mr. President. We may not want to think the worst of people, but sometimes they leave us no choice. Right. ♪ ♪ [Door opens] Sir. We have an update on the NSA whistleblower. Okay. Mr. President. Sir. Tom : What's going on? We found him, sir. We found Gabriel Thompson. Where is he? He's on foreign soil, Mr. President. I thought we froze his passport. How did he get out? He didn't. He's right down the street. [Scoffs] I'm sorry. I don't understand. He's seeking asylum in the Venezuelan Embassy. No extradition treaty with the U.S., sir. You're telling me he's right here in Washington, D.C., and we can't touch him? ♪ ♪ 
 
 Ambassador : I'm afraid I cannot turn over Gabriel Thompson, Mr. President. He's seeking asylum, and we must respect that. Mr. Ambassador, there is a big difference between not sending back a petty criminal who was arrested for marijuana and a fugitive who we consider a threat to our national security. Not technically, Mr. President. I can't dictate your nation's laws, and you cannot dictate mine. Venezuela won't give him back... yet. I'll circle back to the drawing board, see what I can do. We're still on the clock with Hazelton, sir. One thing at a time, Seth. One thing at a time? Since when? George : Congressman MacLeish, now, during your first tour in Afghanistan, you were awarded a Bronze Star for combat bravery. Now, can you please describe the events of November 14, 2005, to the best of your recollection? Can you describe the events of November 14, 2005, to the best of your recollection? Captain MacLeish led a Ranger Special Forces unit... ...into a remote Afghani village outside of Marja. As soon as we moved in, our unit hit an IED, and... ...we were ambushed by Taliban forces. Insurgents were heavily armed, and... ...we were pinned down almost immediately. Hit, bleeding... Half my men clinging to life. The other half frozen in fear. And I... And I include myself in that. I acted on pure instinct. Captain MacLeish returned enemy fire single-handedly, drove back the insurgents... ...allowing medics to get to us in time. The truth is I presided over a failed mission that day. We didn't take the village, and we lost a lot of good men. Man #1 : I'm alive because of Captain MacLeish. So there's only one word to use to describe a man like him. He's a hero. He's a hero. He's a hero. Well, that's what my medal says I am, but a hero? No. I only did what anyone in my position would have done. It doesn't make me a hero. It simply makes me who I am today. Every guy in his platoon says the same thing. Let me guess... That he's a hero. I know. Same answer I got, too. Maybe your informant was wrong. Or maybe everyone got the same talking points. I got one interview left. I'm not giving up till it's over. [Cellphone beeps] You know you spend a lot more time in my office than I do, right? We need to talk about Hazelton. Don't worry about it. It'll blow over. Just give it some time. No, it won't. And the president can't put me first, not before critical legislation we need to get this country back on its feet. Stimulus bills, job creation... Those things go through appropriations, through Hazelton. Emily, the president didn't accept my resignation when I leaked the Al-Sakar video. He barely even knew me. You're his most trusted adviser. He's not gonna accept yours. I know. Which is why you're gonna accept it. No. It's your job to protect the president, even when that means protecting him from himself. Emily, have you ever considered the fact that he won't accept your resignation because he needs you here? And he's not the only one. Hi. I can come back. No, no. You're fine. What is it? Stay. This is what I like to call "I told you so"... A list of every media outlet in the country and their requests for an exclusive with the president to discuss, among other things, the Nassar murder investigation. Feel free to tell them no, Seth. Aaron : You know that. Can't blame them for trying. I mean, who doesn't want five minutes with the president? Wait, what did you just say? I said who doesn't want... Five minutes with the president. Emily, call the Venezuelan Ambassador, and you tell him I'm on my way. What just happened? No idea. Hannah : I'm so sorry. I-I didn't realize your husband had passed away. He re-upped without telling me. He said he couldn't leave things the way they were. And his first tour with the Ranger unit... That was commanded by Congressman Peter MacLeish. - I think so. Steven never liked talking about his service. I didn't even realize he enjoyed his time in the Army until one day the Army shipped home his foot locker. In it were all these mementos... You know, medals that he had won, letters from his old buddies. He had tons of pictures of his tours. Sarah, do you mind if I take a look at that foot locker? Sure. Woman : Right this way. Thanks. Mr. Thompson, I'm Aaron Shore, Chief of Staff to the president. I know who you are. I'm on Venezuelan soil, Mr. Shore. You can't arrest me. I'm well aware of diplomatic law. Well, then, why are you here? Because I know what you want. [Chuckles] Really? CNN says I want radical transparency. The  New York Times  says I want anarchy. What's your guess, Mr. Shore? Five minutes with the president. What makes you so sure I want to see the president? You've been very specific with what you've posted on the Internet. First you attacked members of the Richmond cabinet... Every one of them, except Kirkman. Then you went after his most trusted adviser. You made sure he'd notice. Am I getting warm? Yes. [Scoffs] Hell of a way to get an audience with the leader of the free world. We use the tools we have, Mr. Shore. Yes, but you've hurt, perhaps irreparably, a good friend, a brilliant, loyal adviser to the president, and being that I'm the one person who can grant you access to the president, why should I reward you with his time? Because I had to hang Emily Rhodes in the wind to get your attention. But I'm also the guy that can save her career. They were on the same mission. Catalan and MacLeish know each other. 11/14... That's what my source wanted me to know. Oh, my God. Yeah, I know it's not a smoking gun, but it puts us a hell of a lot closer than it did an hour ago. Chuck, I'm going to need into the counter-terror joint database. Chuck. What? Are you still there? Hello? They shut me out of my computer. What? My login's not working. Foerstel must know that you took MacLeish's files off-site without clearance. He is heading right towards me. That means he's gonna be looking for you, too. Hannah, don't come back. Find a way. Finish this. ♪ ♪ [Tires squeal] Gabriel Thompson wants to have a meeting with me? Aaron : Yes, sir. And to facilitate one, he gave me this. What is it? It's a show of good faith, sir. It's proof that everything Emily said about Senator Hazelton is true... A year's worth of inappropriate e-mails, text messages, chats with a Senate page. And he's agreed to stop releasing files and hand over everything he has? If you meet with him, yes. I'm not sure inviting a man who stole classified documents into the White House is an option, no matter what he has. But we do have to take care of this business with Senator Hazelton. Let's see if we can get him over here now. Yes, sir. Thank you, Aaron. Sir. Congresswoman Hookstraten, last time we spoke, I told you I'd keep you updated on the Capitol bombing. Did you find what you were looking for in room 105? Yes, I did. And I need you to delay the MacLeish hearings. Go on. Congresswoman, I can't talk about this over the phone, but I'm working a lead that could prove damning to Peter MacLeish. But I need time. Ms. Wells, you're asking me to put my reputation on the line. How much time? As much as you can give me. Mr. President. Tom : Thank you for taking the time. I thought I made myself clear. Why is she still working here? Because, Senator, I'm the one who chooses which of my staffers I let go. And I try to make a point by not starting out with my best one. Excuse me? Everything Ms. Rhodes said about you is true, and I have the proof to back it up. I don't believe you. I think you've heard of our recent interactions with Gabriel Thompson, the NSA whistleblower? So far, everything that he's released has proved to be 100% accurate. Sir, he has you dead to rights. An 18-year-old Senate page. This is extortion. No, Senator, I am simply presenting you with the truth. Extortion would be threatening to compromise the American economic stability unless I fire one of my staff members because she wrote something that you didn't like. You have a wife of 35 years, two beautiful children, three grandchildren. Earlier, you retired to spend time with them. I strongly suggest you consider doing that again. [Door opens] So, what about you? Think you want to stick around a little longer? Luckily, there's no place I'd rather be. Good. [Indistinct conversations] So, it turns out that America's favorite vice presidential candidate and the CIA's most wanted mercenary know each other. I guess you're not buying it's a coincidence? Sorry. If Catalan worked intel on the 11/14 mission, the CIA would have a file on it. Did you pull it? I would have if there was one. Are you kidding me? Someone buried it? So I looked deeper. I found this. It was written by an agency liaison on the ground. Not quite the same story that MacLeish has been telling. "On November 14, 2005, a Ranger unit massacred a series of Afghani villages after several of their unit had been killed by a Taliban sniper. 3 villages in 24 hours. Countless dead." And the Pentagon whitewashed this? Peter MacLeish isn't a war hero. No, he's a war criminal. [Door opens] Tom : Hey. Hey. I heard about Emily. So that's one crisis resolved. Now I'm reading about the other one... Gabriel Thompson. This is his psychological profile courtesy of the State Department, federal law enforcement, and the NSA. Alex, what the hell am I missing? I mean, it seems like every time I turn around, there's someone who's served this country faithfully, and then out of the blue, decides to turn against it. Are you talking about the whistleblower or Jason Atwood now? Both of them. NSA analyst turns traitor. Deputy FBI director commits murder. It doesn't add up. What does your gut say about Thompson? Well, despite the advice of my National Security Team, the protocols of the Office of the Presidency, and my own common sense... ...I don't think this guy's crazy. He's smart. And he knows once he leaves the protection of the embassy, he's going to prison for a long time. So whatever the reason for wanting to sit down with you is, it must be pretty important for him to trade in his life for it. Well, what could it be? That's the part I can't figure out. Then maybe you need to look deeper. ♪ ♪ Empty your pockets. ♪ ♪ Tom : In a few moments, they're going to be taking you to federal prison, so I need to make this quick. I know you had a stepdaughter named Charlotte who was an intern in Congressman Ellsworth's office. I know that she was at the State of the Union and died in the bombing. Different birth father, different last name made it harder to make the connection. I also understand that you raised her since she was a baby, so she was yours, too. Children should never die before their parents. No. No, they should not. And I am very sorry for your loss. [Clears throat] Thank you, Mr. President. And as a father, I understand your anger and your grief. But it still doesn't answer my main question. You sacrificed a great deal to have this meeting with me. Why? I needed someone I could trust to make sure an attack like that never happens again. And what makes you think you can trust me? Oh, I did my research, read every e-mail you sent, every document you wrote. Your ethics are above reproach. Not to mention every fourth text you send is to your children. [Chuckles] Inside that evidence bag is my pocket change. There is a fake coin, a quarter. Inside it is the hard drive I took. I did not make copies. Why are you giving this to me? Because you have much bigger problems than me, Mr. President. [Knock on door] Transport is ready. [Whispering] Careful who you show file 12-80C to, sir. ♪ ♪ Mike, that man gave up his career and his freedom for what's on this hard drive. I want to know why. ♪ ♪ Ritter : This laptop's air-gapped. So if there's malware on this drive, it'll only affect this computer. De-encryption software's already running. How do you know all this? Before I was assigned to your protective detail, I rotated through investigations, threat assessment, and our technical department. 2 1/2 years staring at computer code. Let's just say I like working for you more. Good. Look, until we know exactly what this is, I want it to stay between us. Understood? Yes, sir. Mr. President. Congresswoman Hookstraten just called for an extended recess. She's delaying MacLeish's hearing. Why? She's being cagey, but a House staffer says she's got information on MacLeish that could be critical to the hearing. We're trying to find out more. The Congresswoman and I don't agree on much, but she's not crazy. She must think that she's got something substantial on him, otherwise she wouldn't risk it. Get me MacLeish. Yes, sir. Mike, I'll make sure you're not disturbed. Well, I guess I'll just get right to it. Congresswoman Hookstraten thinks she has information on you that can alter the hearings. You know what it is? No. No, I don't. But if there's something you need to tell me, Peter, this is the time. Well, everything I've ever told you has been true. I served my country loyally. I dedicated myself to my family, the people of my district, the entire nation. Okay. Okay. I hope you understand I had to ask. Yeah, of course, of course. And thank you for your support. You know it always... It always means the world. Sorry to trouble you, Peter. No, no. Okay. No, you know, sir, there... There's something that's been nagging at me. Jason Atwood confessed to murdering Majid Nassar. The agent he valued the most... Uh, Special Agent Hannah Wells... I don't know. I-I heard she lost someone in the bombing. Maybe that's got something to do with it, but... [Sighs] ...she seemed to be a bit obsessed with me. I just hope she isn't trying to convince the speaker of any, uh, fantasy or conspiracy theory. Thank you for letting me know. I'll keep an eye out. Yeah. Good night, Peter. [Chuckles] [Sighs] [Cellphone vibrates] Agent Wells. Just in time. I found the evidence I was looking for on Peter MacLeish. I'll explain everything when I get there. I'm just heading up Constitution now. Thank you for letting me know. [Tires squealing] Congressman George, gather the rest of the committee. My witness will be here in 10 minutes. Yes, ma'am. [Knock on door] I didn't get a chance to thank you earlier for saving my job today. Thank you. Don't even mention it. You're a good employee. You did all of that to keep a good employee around. [Chuckles] All right, I may have other reasons. Well, I have work to do. If you think of any of those reasons, let me know, okay? Hey, Emily. When you're finished with work tonight... ...dinner? Okay. [Tires squealing] Come on! I located File 12-80C. I was waiting for you before I opened it. Move! [Tires screech] Tom : Who created this? Ritter : We did, sir. United States Government. November 17, 2013. Special Committee for Threat Assessment, Pentagon. Classified Top Secret. This is the Capitol bombing. Right down to the same ordinance. They're assessing our security vulnerabilities. They war-gamed this out years before it even happened. Someone inside the U.S. government handed over the blueprints to Majid Nassar for the Capitol bombing. There's a traitor among us. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 