Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - The Final Four - The Middle 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - The Final Four https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=425&t=20738 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/03/10 22:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - The Final Four 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 out here in the middle, family rules. It's ingrained from the day you're born- You do for family. For the past year, I've spent every Saturday Taking care of my great-aunts edie and ginny. I drive 'em to the grocery store, The liquor store and whatever else they need To get 'em through till t he next Saturday. but this Saturday I had a problem. 
 Mr. Ehlert's making us all come in today. 
 I think he's trying to break our spirit By isolating us from the ones we love. 
 I can't do the aunts today either. We're both maxed out. 
 Hey, could you keep it down in there? I'm trying to watch TV.  
 And that's when it hit me-- 
 The lump eating cereal on the couch in his underpants Had a driver's license. Hey, axl. I'm gonna need you to start helping out With aunt edie and aunt ginny, arting today. Whoa! I get it. Talk as loud as you want. God. No, I'm serious, axl. There's no reason you can't contribute. They're your aunts, too. You do for family. You know what? I completely see your point, And I'd be so up for doing the whole old lady thing today, Except, sadly, my car doesn't work. Oh. You can drive mine. Dad can take me to and from work. God, you are so unfair! I already do just as much as you do around here. I just don't complain about it! When we get old, we're not counting on him To take care of us, right? We got another plan? Yeah. Brick... Kevin siccola invited you To his birthday party next Saturday? How long has this invitation been in your backpack? Oh. Sorry. Brick! That's not very nice. Come on. This'll be fun. I don't want to go. He only invited me Because his mom made him invite everyone in the class. Hey, you don't know that. Yes, I do. He told me when he gave me the invitation. You know how you're gonna get him back? You show up. So you're forcing me? We would never call it that, but yes. Hey. Oh, hey. I'm almost ready. Mr. Ehlert's on the warpath, So you might want to wait in the car. frances! To take care of him for you? Oh, honey, that would be so great. Car. Go. Frances, if you're not gonna sell any cars, At least could you wash out the coffee mugs? Yeah, um, mr. Ehlert, This is my husband mike. Mike, mr. Ehlert. How you doing? Oh, hi, mike. Tall men, little wives. always funny. Hmm. Huh. And when keith smart hit that last shot, The whole place just about exploded! I can't believe you were there. Saw it with these two eyes. [i]Best Well, Don, was great to meet you. You, too, stretch. I'm just saying there's a lot of bluster, But, uh, he seems pretty harmless. Oh, my god. Just because he likes sports doesn't make him a nice guy,  Stretch. Hey, wait up! faster. Walk faster. I was just thinking, uh, You know, my team's not in it this year, And, uh, it'd just be painful for me to watch, so, uh... Oh, my god. These are tickets to the final four! Yep. Both games on Saturday. I don't know what to say. Well, that's what I like about you. Mr. Ehlert, this is too generous... For my husband, who doesn't even work here. Yeah, yeah. Blah, blah. I get it. You just have yourself a good time there, stretch. And, frances, you were ten minutes late this morning! Come in early tomorrow, or I'll dock ya. Sue, I can't go to this birthday party. It'll be horrible-- Tons of kids chasing each other, running. They eat sugar, and then they run more, For  no reason. Then tell mom you don't want to go. I tried, but she doesn't get it. She thinks I have trouble fitting in. fitting in. Well, then maybe you should just suck it up and go. or  you could call as mom And tell her I can't come. Wha--brick! I can't do that. Sure you can. You have such a grown-up voice. Really? Wow, you sounded so mature when you just said that. Please, sue. If you do this for me, I'll... I'll do your math homework. You'll get an "a." I promise. hello. You've reached the siccolas. Please leave a message.  Hello, mrs. Siccola. allison. I mean, allison. This is frances heck, mother of brick heck. Sadly, brick will be unable to attend vin's birthday party This Saturday. Please accept our sincere regrets. Bye. Oh! This is frances heck, mother of brick heck. aah! I can't believe I just did that. I've never lied before in my whole life. Really? Have you? No. I'm lying. What do you mean you're not sure who you're taking? I'm just sayin', he gave me the tickets. I have to weigh my options. Well, taking anyone other than your wife To the final four is a very dangerous option. You have tickets to the final four? No way! You can't take mom. She wouldn't even appreciate it. I'll see who treats me best in the next couple days, And that person gets to go with me on Saturday. Gee, I wish I weren't so thirsty. Of course I'm taking you. I just want to see how far I can push this. No frosty mug? Hello? Yeah-- Oh, hi, aunt edie. Ah. now... If there were only some way to get this... Into this. Hey, what's going on? Oh, it was aunt edie. She called to tell me my great-uncle mac died. Oh, honey, I'm sorry. Yeah. he was 91. Mm. You know, I hadn't seen him that much lately, But when I was little, every time we visited him, He gave us a slice of bologna. He was aunt edie's favorite brother. She's pretty upset. Oh, jeez. They're shipping him back for the funeral. It's gonna be Saturday. Saturday, huh? This Saturday? hey, guys. I just heard some sad news. Your great-great-uncle mac died. Oh, my god. No! Oh, it's okay, honey. I know it's hard, but he had a good, long life. Was he the one who used to wear suspenders? No, that's your uncle nate. It is? I thought uncle nate was the one with the big toe for a thumb. That's uncle lou. No, uncle lou is the one who can take out his eye. No, that's your cousin roy. Uncle mac was your aunt edie's favorite brother. You only met him once when you were very little. Oh. So the one with the big toe for a thumb is still okay? We should visit him sometime. He's funny. Okay. Listen, guys. I could use some help in the next few days, all right? Oh, and remind me to call mrs. Siccola And teller that brick can't come to kevin's party. Mom's gonna call mrs. Siccola, And then she's gonna find out That we already called! Don't panic. Here's what we're gonna do. You're gonna call mrs. Siccola again And say I  can  come to the party... So when mom calls and says I can't, It will all make sense. Ay. Good.  hello. You've rched the siccolas. Please leave a message.  Hi there, allison. Just calling to let you know That my son can come to party after all. Thank you. who's your son? You didn't say who you were.  hi. Forgot to say my name. It was frances heck, Just letting you know that brick can't come to the party.  he  can.  He  can  come to the PA rty. at least for now.  not that we're expecting anything to happen. All signs are clear that he is coming.  did I say axl? Because I meant brick. You know, I just wanted to be accurate. Hello? so... This funeral- it's really on Saturday? Yeah, that's what she said. Hey, does your sport coat still fit? Oh, and don't wait till the last minute to see if you have a shirt. Huh. Seems like there's a lot to do. I'm thinking they should just maybe push it till Sunday. What? I don't know. Just Sunday seems like a better day. You know, the lord's day and all that. Saturday-- not such a great funeral day to me. Yeah, well, that's what day it is, mike. Besides, what do you care what day the-- Oh... My... God. Oh,  my god! If you're suggesting what I think you're suggesting, You are opening a door you do not want to open. It's the final four, frankie. Final four! It's his funeral, mike! Final funeral. I know, but... Is anyone really gonna miss me if I can't be there? If it was immediate family, I'd definitely go. Well, it just might be if you keep going down this road. Come on. I barely knew the guy. I met him at our wedding and, like, one other time. I thought he was the guy with the toe for a thumb, too. Yeah, but we're not going for his sake. We're going for aunt edie. Funerals are for the livin. That's what I'm saying. If this teaches us anything, it's that we should live life while we're here... In Indiana... Where the final four is. when am I ever gonna get a chance like this again? You know what? I'm not gonna sit here and explain to you what the right thing to do is. This is between you and yourself, and if you would rather go to the final four instead of my 91-year-old-uncle-who-used- to-give-me-bologna's funeral, Then you go. It's up to you. Okay. I want to go to the final four. Fine. If that's what you want. It is. Fine. Then it's settled. We don't have to talk about it again. All right, I get it. You're still mad. I'm not mad, mike. I guess I just don't understand. That's all. I don't understand why you can't just come to the funeral And tape the games. Tape the games? So instead of actually being there, I can watch it three hours later, sitting on my couch, After everybody else already knows who won. Tape the games? Seriously, tape the games? Tape the funeral! At least I won't have to worry about anybody telling me how it ends. Forget it, mike. I guess we just have cultural differences I wasn't aware of. Cultural diff- what are you talking about? Cultural differences? We're both from here. Well, you'd never know it. Death is a big deal to my family, mike. We do death very well- not like your family, Where you just ts 'em in a hole and drink. Either way, they end up in the same place. And--and how are we gonna explain to axl why his father isn't going? Oh, this is just a little amendment to what we said before- we do for family, Unless something better comes along, And then to hell with it. I don't even know why we're talking about it. You won, mike. You won. You're not going. You won. You won, you won, you won, you won. Fine! I'll go to the funeral. Thank you! Fine. Then it's settled. We don't have to talk about it again. Okay, I get it. You're sulking. Am I not allowed to sulk anymore? I'm not allowed to go to the final four,  And  I'm not allowed to sulk? I think if you put this in perspective, you'll see-- look, you wanted me to go to the funeral, And I'm going. You won. You got what you wanted, so be happy. But I don't want you to go because  I  want you to go. I want you to go because  you  want to go. Well, I don't! Well, you should. How would you feel if you died, and someone came to your funeral because someone else made 'em, And what they really wanted to do was be at a basketball game? I'd feel dead! I wouldn't care. As a matter of fact, I'm gonna specify in my will That if I die during any major sporting event, no one has to come to my funeral. Oh, I have a better idea. Why don't we take you to the nearest stadium, And we'll shoot you out of the t-shirt cannon at halftime? Look, it doesn't matter if I want to or don't want to. This is obviously important to you, and I get that. I said I'm going, and I'm going, So just leave it alone! If you can't go to this funeral with a smile on your face, Then don't go. Fine. I won't. Don't. Fine. Then it's settled. We don't have to talk about it again. 
 
 Hey, so I heard dad's going to the game, so there's-- no. Brick was learning a ban Of master criminals is only as strong as its weakest link. I can't handle the pressure. I'm gonna go to mom. I'm gonna turn myself in. Pull yourself together. The only way this goes bad is if you lose it. I never should have lied. You talked me into it. You're in this as deep as I am. You got your math homework done. You got your precious "a." I don't want to be a part of this anymore. I want out. I want out! You should've thought of that before you got in. Here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna call as mom again And tell her someone's been using mom's name, So whatever they called and said, it's the opposite. Okay. hello. You've reached the siccolas. Please leave a message.  Hello, allison. Listen, I just wanted to let you know That there's some kids in the neighborhood Pretending to be me and r. S.V.P.Ing in crazy ways, So you shouldn't trust any calls You may have received previously. But I am the real mom. You can tell 'cause I'm so stressed out. I can't tell you the last time I took a bath, And we both--  Oman) hello? Who is this? Oh, hi. You're there. Uh, yeah, so I was just saying how we're both moms, And we both know how hard it is When we're trying to go to the bathroom And the kids are pounding on the door, right? wait. This isn't frankie heck. It's sue heck. It's always been sue heck! I'm so sorry. I've never done anything like this before in my whole life, But I got a 79 on my math test, and I needed my brother's help, And I'm just so weak! Please don't tell my mom! Hey. Hey. So I picked up aunt edie's photo album For the slide show at the funeral. I didn't know aunt edie lived with us. What? Yeah. I found this picture of her and me when I was a baby. She said she lived here for a while. Oh, yeah. After you were born, your mom and I both had to work, And you'd never sleep, so aunt edie moved in For a few months and helped take care of you. Hmm. Hmm. I want to go to the funeral. I really do. And there it was. Mike wanted to go to the funeral. he didn't to want to go, but he did. I am recording the games. I got beer in the fridge, a couple bags of chips. When I get home, I'm taking off my pants And watching the whole thing from start to finish. Uh, that's really cutting edge That you're taping that on your vcr, But for those of us who aren't living in the '80s, I'll be getting tweets of the score Sent to me during the funeral. You so much as breathe a word of that score to me, And that phone's going in the ground with uncle mac. I don't get it. Why hasn't mom punished us yet? She must know. Or does she? does she? I just wish she'd punish me and get it over with, 'cause the guilt is killing me. Mom trusted me. Now she'll know I'm not the child she thinks I am, And I'll have lost that trust forever! Okay, guys, time to go. Mom, there's something I have to tell you. I called mrs. Siccola. I called her about the party. Oh, honey, thank you. Oh, I've been meaning to do that all week. And an "a" on your math homework, too. You are my good girl. We got away with it. But at what cost, brick? at what cost? Come on, guys. Aunt edie's probably already there. We don't want to be late. whoa. I don't feel so good. Yeah, nice try. You're still goin'. No, I got this pain in my gut. I feel like I might be sick. That's how you know you're doing the right thing brick, what are you doing? I'm trying to find the guy With the toe for a thumb. Oh, no! No-- Uncle mac, gone too soon, Huh, dad? Aw. Welcome, friends. We're here today to remember mac freehold-- Friend, uncle, cousin And, of course, beloved brother. Mac was especially close to his baby sister edie, Who has some thoughts she'd like to share with us now. Thank you, pastor. I just want to thank you all for coming. It means so much to have you here... At my birthday party! You know, I have friends who just dread their birthday, But I just say, consider the alternative. I couldn't believe it. I had dragged mike away From the event of a lifetime so he could be here, Even though aunt edie apparently wasn't. Hey, aunt edie, I think you're aittle confused. We're not here for that. We're actually here f-for... ♪ happy birthday to you ♪ 
♪ happy birthday to you ♪ 
♪ happy birthday, dear edie ♪ 
♪ happy birthday to you ♪ I'm sorry. I'm  really  sorry. How was I supposed to know it was all for nothing? Listen, go to indianapolis. You can still catch the second game. We'll find a ride home. You just take axl and go. Okay. axl, you're gonna have to drive. Hey, get us there by tip-off, I'll buy ya a hoosier dog. Aah! That's the thing about life. You wake up in the morning, You never know what's gonna happen- You get handed tickets to t he final four, Your uncle dies, you think your husband's faking it And he has appendicitis. Do you have any allergies? Anything we need to know? One thing. You know the scores from the final four, don't tell me. now don't worry. We're gonna pop that appendix out, And you'll be good as new. he's almost out. Hell of a game, huh? Oh, best finish I ever saw. Great day to be a duke fan. no! At the end of the day, wrong or right, You do for family-- Whether they appreciate it or n ot, Whether they even know it or n ot. You do it 'cause it's just what you do. Here's your soup, With little crackers and everything. Aw, I didn't want u to get it 'cause  I  wanted you to get it. I wanted you to get it because  you  wanted to get it. Okay then. Frankie, I was just kiddin'. You know I don't care what you want. Just bring me myoup! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 