Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - The Prodigal Father - The Musketeers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - The Prodigal Father https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=110&t=16844 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/07/15 03:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - The Prodigal Father 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Martine! Come on! Come on! 
 Yah! Yah! 
 It's been two hours - you haven't said a word. 
 Whatever the captain told you must have been significant. 
 He told me who my father was. 
 Is that significant enough for you? 
 Martine, run! 
 Get away from the gate! Yah! 
 What are you doing?! 
 Hey... what's going on here? 
 What business is it of yours? 
 What have these girls done? 
 They're my wife's maids. They stole from her. 
 Move! Now! 
 (Martine cries out) 
 Is this true? 
 Now, tell me what you want here. 
 We've come to see the Marquis de Belgard. 
 Then you've wasted your time. He doesn't receive visitors. 
 Come on! 
 He'll receive me. 
 Get in! 
 Where is she? 
 Remember... you forced me to do this. 
 Please... 
 Please don't hurt her! 
 (Whip cracks martine screams) 
 No.. 
 (She screams) 
 What the hell do you want? 
 I'm looking for the Marquis de Belgard. 
 (Footsteps) 
 You've found him. 
 Who are you? 
 My name is Porthos. 
 I'm your son. 
 Who told you this nonsense? 
 Captain Treville of the musketeers. 
 Treville? 
 It was his treachery that ruined my life. 
 That's our captain you're slandering. 
 That's my friend Aramis, also of the musketeers. 
 If you knew what I do, you would not take your captain at his own valuation. 
 What else did he tell you about me? 
 Not much. 
 You'd better come in. 
 Your friend can wait here. 
 A long time ago, I did something cruel... and unforgiveable, to Porthos and his mother. 
 I did it in the name of friendship, but it's a stain on my honour I can never remove - and I have spent every moment since, trying to atone for it. 
 Porthos needs your loyalty, now more than ever. 
 It would help if we knew what was going on. 
 If you knew Belgard was his father, why didn't you tell him? 
 I had my reasons. 
 Good ones. 
 Forgive the mess. 
 Since I withdrew from the world of affairs, I spend most of my time alone, here. 
 I'm something of a recluse. 
 You must know the story of the infamous Marquis de Belgard? 
 I was captain of the royal bodyguard, the day the present King's father was assassinated. 
 But Henri died at the hands of a lunatic and a scapegoat was required. 
 I was court-marshalled. 
 Treville and De Foix both gave false evidence... 
 With all due respect, that's not why I'm here. 
 You want to know if I'm your father? 
 I believe I am. 
 You have the look of your mother about you - 
 Marie-Cessette, the love of my life. 
 The "love of your life" died abandoned and in despair, in the slum they call "The Court of Miracles". 
 If I had only known, I would have moved heaven and earth to find you. 
 My husband told me we had visitors. 
 Your husband? 
 Levesque. You met him in the grounds. 
 Ah, yes - with the maids. 
 You'll be sending them to the magistrates for trial, I suppose? 
 No need to make an issue of it. 
 Everyone deserves a second chance. 
 That's very enlightened. 
 I am Eleanor Levesque, daughter of the Marquis. 
 I'll have the servants bring you refreshments before you leave. 
 We're, um... We're staying for dinner. 
 Ah, Eleanor. There you are. 
 Meet your half-brother, Porthos. 
 (Thunder rumbles) 
 Bonacieux wasn't a bad man, just... frustrated. 
 He felt he deserved something better... better than me, anyway. 
 You have no reason to feel guilty. 
 I didn't love him and I was unfaithful. 
 There's two reasons. 
 What right do we have to take advantage of this? 
 How can anything good come of it? 
 I'm glad he's dead. 
 I'm sorry, but why should we mourn him? 
 Fate has given us a chance to be happy. 
 If we don't take it, who gains? 
 I need time, d'Artagnan. 
 The Queen needs me now. Rochefort is growing more powerful by the day... 
 I won't let anything happen to you. 
 I need time. 
 When Bonacieux was alive, you couldn't leave him. 
 Now he's dead, you still can't? 
 Take all the time you need, but remember - when you finally make up your mind and you want me, I might not be there any more. 
 I'm not safe anywhere. 
 They're trying to kill me, like they did my father. 
 Treason is always with us. 
 We must remain vigilant. 
 Cancel my public appearances and have my food tasted. 
 Of all deaths, I fear poisoning the most. 
 I will personally taste every dish. 
 Now... if Your Majesty could just sign these, I will ensure your government proceeds as normal. 
 Rochefort, you are the first of my subjects since the Cardinal's death who truly anticipates my needs. 
 The King prefers to be alone. 
 Perhaps Your Majesty might try again this evening? 
 My condolences, Madame, on your husband's untimely death. 
 You should take some time to grieve. 
 I have offered, but Constance will not leave my side. 
 Oh. Then we must insist. 
 I can find other servants for the Queen. 
 Rochefort is right. 
 D'Artagnan will be waiting. 
 Let the world say what it likes. 
 I will receive you both at court and then no-one will dare gossip. 
 Your Majesty, don't let Rochefort stop you seeing the King. 
 He needs you now, more than ever before. 
 What do you mean, Constance? 
 The King is not well. 
 I'm certain Rochefort has all our interests at heart. 
 To my son, Porthos - who was lost and is found. 
 Raise your glass, Eleanor. 
 I understand. 
 It's a lot to take in. 
 My wife is not related to you! 
 Forgive him, Porthos. He comes from trade and lacks any breeding. 
 I loved this man's mother and will not have him abused. 
 Now, sit down and behave yourself. 
 You say you loved his mother... 
 What happened? 
 She came to this house as a servant. 
 We fell in love and married in secret. 
 After you were born, my father discovered the truth and ordered me to cast you both aside. 
 I refused. 
 A few days later... you and your mother disappeared. 
 Treville and De Foix were in league with my father. 
 They told me you were dead. 
 I never stopped thinking of you. 
 But in the end, and for the sake of my family name... I married this girl's mother. 
 I won't listen to this. 
 Eleanor has her looks, but also her character - shrewish and spiteful. 
 (He slams the table) 
 Apologise, damn you! 
 Look, whoa, whoa... 
 Just sit down, eh? I didn't come here to cause a fight. 
 We know why you came here! 
 There! Take your hand-out and go! 
 I'm giving you a chance. 
 Sit down now and we'll let this pass. 
 Hey! 
 You brought this on yourself. 
 (Levesque cries out) 
 You savage! 
 Porthos, that's enough... unless you want to kill him. 
 A champion, at last. 
 A son to defend my honour. 
 Ah - Milady de Winter. 
 I owe you an apology. 
 The last time we saw each other, my behaviour was crude and over-hasty. 
 We can help each other, you and I. 
 You stripped me of everything I owned, including a valuable gift from the King. 
 I'll see it is returned. 
 You must understand, there was a murderer on the loose. 
 A female assassin? 
 Shocking. 
 And working for the Spanish, presumably? 
 Why do you say that? 
 Who else stood to gain? 
 Remarkable that she was able to smuggle herself so easily into the very heart of government. 
 One might almost suspect she had inside help. 
 (He snaps his fingers) 
 Musketeer incompetence was to blame. 
 My job is to see it never happens again. 
 The King must be protected at all costs. 
 The musketeer, Aramis - what do you know of him? 
 Aramis? 
 Why? 
 There are rumours about his conduct, his romantic affairs. 
 It's true women are fond of him, for some reason. 
 He is sleeping with the royal governess, Lady Marguerite. 
 I know that. 
 You've heard nothing of any connection with the Queen herself? 
 The Queen and Aramis? 
 You're mad. 
 Find out anything you can - any rumours, any evidence, the faintest hint of gossip. 
 If Aramis slept with the Queen, it would be treason. 
 (Horse and cart clatter) 
 Whoa. Steady. 
 A terrible accident. 
 Poor Martine. 
 She took a fatal kick from a horse. 
 It's all very sad. 
 A kick? 
 Look at her throat. 
 The foolish girl slipped from a horse and became entangled in the reins. 
 She was dragged under the animal's hooves. 
 Where are you taking her? 
 To her parents, for burial. 
 It's the least we can do. 
 (She snaps her fingers) 
 You know, you're a very difficult man to find? 
 That's exactly the way I like it. 
 Are you pleased to see me? 
 I think our small talk days are done. 
 What is it you want? 
 Suppose I have information about Rochefort? 
 Information that might ensure his downfall. 
 What will you give me in return? 
 My undying gratitude. 
 I was thinking of something more tangible. 
 I have no money for bribes. 
 Then speak to Treville. 
 Believe me, my information is worth paying for. 
 If you know something... speak out, for the sake of France. 
 I want 100 livres. 
 Whatever your latest scheme is, save it for a more gullible victim. 
 I've seen your entire repertoire and I have no desire for an encore. 
 Give me what I want and you won't regret it. 
 I gave you everything. 
 If you can't do it for France, do it for your own salvation. 
 My God... 
 There really is nothing in there left to save. 
 Clean yourself up... and put this on. 
 It's time to earn your keep. 
 Doctor Lemay? 
 Have you come to visit the Dauphin? 
 No, Madame, it was you I came to visit. 
 Your fortitude in the face of tragedy has been admirable. 
 The death of a beloved husband and the loss of the security of marriage will be a double blow to you. 
 My husband and I were not in love, but thank you for your sympathy. 
 I always find your candour very bracing. 
 It is an unusual quality and... most attractive. 
 You didn't always think so. 
 Perhaps not, but in time, I have come to appreciate what a truly original person you are. 
 I believe you and I could be content together. 
 I wish to offer you the comfort you deserve and I hope, lively companionship too. 
 You need more time. I understand. 
 I'm sure this is all very unexpected. 
 Yes. That's certainly true. 
 Forgive me. I am not used to expressing myself in romantic terms. 
 But I do love you - and I believe I can make you very happy. 
 Come here! 
 This is your home now. 
 Get used to it. 
 Was she being forced? 
 She could have gone willingly, but... she seemed scared, to me. 
 This house Levesque took her to - what's it like? 
 Private, unassuming. 
 Respectable enough. 
 They could have found her a new position. 
 I don't believe it. What about the dead girl? 
 Could it have been an accident? 
 Trust me, she was murdered. 
 Belgard. 
 If I never hear that man's name again, it would be too soon. 
 There's nothing connecting him directly to the girls. 
 That seems to be Eleanor and her husband's game. 
 Porthos should know about this. 
 He'd think we were trying to poison him against his father. 
 Captain, why don't you simply tell him the truth? 
 Whatever you did, there must be a good explanation. 
 He has to find out for himself. 
 It's the only way. 
 I expect you have questions for me? 
 Why would the Captain tell you my mother and I were dead? 
 Treville and De Foix hated your mother. 
 Why? 
 Jealousy, or something worse. Who knows? 
 But they plotted with my father to dispose of her - and you. 
 Of course, they said they cared only for my reputation and family name. 
 They kidnapped you in the dead of night and told your mother they would slit your throat if she tried to contact me again. 
 I've known the Captain a long time. 
 I don't recognise the man you're describing. 
 I mean, he made me a musketeer. 
 Why do you imagine he showed you such favour? 
 Might it have been the stirring of a guilty conscience? 
 He came to you, I take it? 
 I was in the infantry. 
 I won myself a bit of a reputation. He turned up one day and he... he offered me a commission in the musketeers. 
 And that never struck you as odd? 
 Go to him. Ask him if it's true that he abandoned you in the Court of Miracles. 
 Make him tell you why he picked you to promote, above all others. 
 Yeah, I will. 
 But remember, he will seek to paint himself the hero of a sordid tale. 
 Eleanor and Levesque... 
 They bully and abuse you in your own house. Why do you let them do it? 
 Should I exile them and end my days alone? 
 I've already lost one family, Porthos. 
 Must I renounce another? 
 Monsieur and Madame Levesque. 
 I'm sorry. My master and mistress aren't here at present. 
 I want to see the girl that was brought here from the Belgard estate this morning - young, slim, pretty - you know who I mean. 
 Sir, the entertainment doesn't start until ten this evening. 
 Just bring her to me. 
 Thank you. You can go. 
 You know who I am? 
 I saw you yesterday with Martine. 
 Now, tell me the truth. Are you really a thief? 
 Your friend - was she murdered? 
 Levesque? 
 Why? 
 Never mind. You can tell me later. Right now, we're leaving. 
 I can't! 
 They'll kill me! 
 We can protect you. 
 You have no idea what kind of people you're dealing with. 
 What's going on? 
 What are you doing here? 
 Is Porthos here? 
 Porthos? 
 As far as I know, Porthos is still with your father. 
 You haven't answered my question. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Come now, Madame. 
 I think we both know. 
 Your entertainments are... legendary. 
 I noticed this young girl yesterday and thought I... might have a little preview ahead of the main event. 
 Get to your room, this minute. 
 A pity. 
 The entertainment is by invitation only and you are not invited. 
 I can pay. 
 How much? 
 Admittance is 20 livres. 
 That's rather steep. 
 If you can't afford that, Monsieur, believe me, you can't afford the rest of the evening. 
 So... you've met your father. 
 He told me things. 
 Nothing good about me, I'm sure. 
 He told me you were friends, once. 
 He said you broke with him because he married my mother, that that's why you turned against him. 
 He said you kidnapped us... and told him we were dead. 
 It's not as simple as that. 
 Did you or not? 
 Yes. 
 I did. 
 To my shame, I did. But there were reasons. 
 Why am I a musketeer? 
 Because you are a great warrior. 
 Did you pick me because you felt guilty? 
 No. 
 That's ridiculous. No man has ever worn the uniform with more dignity and courage than you. 
 Did I earn my place in the musketeers on merit alone? 
 Answer me! 
 You're not listening to me. 
 All these years... I thought I got there on my own. 
 But it was all a lie, just a fig leaf for your guilt. 
 You're wrong. 
 I didn't earn this. 
 You just gave it to me. 
 This is what Belgard does! 
 He turns things round and fills your head with lies and half-truths. 
 He did it to me and now he's doing it to you! 
 Porthos, trust me. 
 She didn't tell you what these entertainments are? 
 We're not talking about a pleasant night at the theatre. 
 But the girl still didn't want to leave? 
 She's too scared of what Levesque and his absolutely charming wife might do. 
 We could take it to the Magistrates. 
 There's enough evidence against Levesque and Camille was a witness. 
 Even if she was willing to speak up, she'd probably disappear long before it came to court. 
 The only option is put the Levesques out of business for good. 
 Porthos. 
 No-one announced you. 
 I, er... I let myself in. 
 Well, this is your home. 
 You're free to come and go as you please. 
 You spoke to Treville, I take it? 
 Mm. 
 He confirmed everything you said. 
 He didn't attempt to justify himself? 
 Oh, he tried. 
 
 
 
 Welcome home, my son. 
 (Chatter) 
 Excuse me... I'm sorry, gentlemen. This is a private event. 
 Well, we've paid our entrance fee and now we want some fun. 
 You're musketeers. 
 Off duty. Why? 
 It's an odd coincidence, that's all. 
 Who told you about us? 
 We met him playing cards, didn't we? It was... 
 Antoine Levesque. 
 He said we'd find something to our taste here. 
 Levesque is my husband. 
 Then he is a very lucky man. 
 We have a "no weapons" rule. Swords at the door. 
 Enjoy your evening, gentlemen. 
 Gentlemen! 
 You have waited long enough. 
 With no further ado, I present... a tableau of innocence. 
 (Applause) 
 Ah! No touching before the auction! 
 Let's make our move before I kill someone. 
 Regard these beauties... fresh from the provinces... young... unblemished and free of disease - the very pick of the crop. 
 Their beguiling innocence is no whore's trick, but the real thing. 
 Their purity is guaranteed. 
 Is any price too high for such a treasure? 
 Our rules are simple. 
 The highest bid secures the prize to do with... as you will. 
 Now... how much am I bid for... beautiful young Camille? 
 20 livres! 
 (Eleanor chuckles) 
 30! 
 No, 50! 
 Nothing. 
 I bid nothing. 
 I don't think you understand the game, Monsieur. 
 I understand very well! 
 These women are leaving now with us... and if anyone dares to lay a finger on them, he will answer to me. 
 You can trust us. 
 Follow them! 
 Stop them, you idiots! 
 (Shouting glass shatters) 
 Open the gate, for the Lord's sake! 
 This way! 
 Wait. 
 Hey! 
 Go, go! Hurry, go, go! 
 You're not going anywhere, I own you! 
 Get your hands off her! 
 Aramis! 
 Athos! 
 (Eleanor growls) 
 Is anyone missing? Come on! 
 Wait here. 
 D'Artagnan! 
 I've never killed a woman before, but for you, I'd be willing to make an exception. 
 Come on. 
 This is your fault. 
 They said you sent them! 
 And you believed that? 
 They're all in it together. 
 That cunning devil Belgard encourages Porthos and this happens. 
 What, you think it's a coincidence? 
 What are you going to do? 
 I'm going to settle my account with your father once and for all... and anyone else who gets in my way. 
 Our village priest said a respectable Parisian family was looking for a governess and he wrote, recommending me for the position. 
 A few weeks later, she came to the village. 
 Eleanor Levesque? 
 She paid my father a year's wages in advance, then she took me off in her fine carriage. 
 She gave me something to drink. 
 I woke up in an outhouse. 
 There was another girl already there. 
 Martine? 
 Levesque came in. 
 He said that we were whores and that we could never go home again. 
 I told Martine that we couldn't give in, that we... we had to try to escape. 
 And he... he killed her. 
 Was it just Eleanor and Levesque or was Belgard involved also? 
 Belgard? 
 Who... who is he? 
 Why my daughter ever married him is a mystery. 
 He's just waiting for me to die, so he can inherit my land and title. 
 Be careful. 
 He's a dangerous man and your arrival puts his plan in danger. 
 Why's that? 
 My marriage to your mother was clandestine, but legal. 
 That makes you my heir. 
 I hadn't thought of it like that. 
 Well, now's the time. 
 And nothing could make me happier. 
 Tell me, how did your mother die? 
 A fever. 
 And yet, you survived and prospered. 
 She had already taught me to fight for what I wanted in life and never give in. 
 You must be proud of her. 
 Mm. Yeah. 
 I have something to show you. 
 For many years, I couldn't bear to look at this. 
 It's yours now. 
 My mother? 
 Beautiful, wasn't she? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, she was. 
 (Baby gurgles) 
 I have stolen him from his governess. 
 They hardly ever allow me a moment alone with him. 
 It is hard to be both a queen and a mother. 
 I wish his father could share these precious moments. 
 I'm sure, if you sent for the King... 
 Not the King... his father. 
 Aramis. 
 I was born into a life of duty. 
 I have been privileged, but never free. 
 Thank God, I have one precious memory to sustain me... a fleeting dream of the life I might have lived. 
 I can never be free to love as I want, but you are. 
 Swear to me, you won't let anything stop you finding happiness. 
 I've been such a fool. 
 Where are you going? 
 To change out of this stupid dress. 
 Black has never been my colour. 
 (Girls giggle and chatter) 
 I'll see they're all escorted home to their parents. 
 There's enough evidence against Levesque to press charges. 
 Kidnapping, false imprisonment... 
 No-one would believe Belgard was involved. 
 We have no evidence he is. Camille only ever saw Eleanor and Levesque. 
 Perhaps Levesque is running the show right under Belgard's nose? 
 If you knew Belgard like I do, you might not be so charitable. 
 Could Porthos be in danger? 
 (Distant thud) 
 (Thud) 
 (Thud) 
 (Thud) 
 (Thud thud) 
 (Thud) 
 (Thud) 
 Who's there? 
 Hey, no, no, no... 
 (Girl whimpers) 
 It's all right, I'm not going to hurt you. 
 Who did this to you? 
 Now, there is a good question. 
 What's that for? 
 A reasonable precaution, when your son-in-law is plotting to kill you. 
 I've suspected his criminality for some time, but nothing like this. 
 You poor thing. 
 Let's get you to the house. 
 You knew nothing about this? 
 Of course not. 
 Eleanor chooses the staff and Levesque runs the estate. 
 They tell me nothing. 
 They'll want to kill you now, more than ever. 
 You must strike first. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Don't you see? You must kill Levesque. 
 What are you up to now, you sly devil? 
 (Pistols cock) 
 Porthos has discovered your lies and deception, Levesque. 
 You're finished here. 
 Don't you ever grow tired of your games? 
 My son is going to protect me from you and my ungrateful witch of a daughter. 
 Stand away, Father. 
 I told you. He's finally gone mad. 
 I knew there was something wrong with this place, the moment I stepped into it. 
 The only thing that's wrong is you being here, but we can soon set that right. 
 (Bang) 
 (Levesque wheezes) 
 Did you think I wouldn't guess what you wanted, Levesque? 
 This is a family concern. 
 You think I'd simply hand it over to an interloper? 
 My son is going to succeed me, now. 
 What have you done? 
 You're insane! 
 Well, what are you waiting for? 
 Shoot them! 
 Shoot them! 
 (Gunfire) 
 Take cover! 
 Go, go! Get in there! Go! 
 Go, go, go, go! 
 Belgard! 
 What's going on here? 
 Tell me the truth. 
 Levesque is a pimp and exploiter of young women. 
 He's been hiding them here under my nose, while plotting with my daughter to murder me. 
 Thank God we stopped him in time. 
 You shot him, not me. 
 Your presence gave me the strength. 
 Don't believe a word he says. 
 The man can't open his mouth without lying. 
 Don't... 
 Shoot him, Porthos. 
 You know what he's done to you. Take your revenge. 
 I want the truth, now - every word of it. 
 It's true, De Foix and I left you in that terrible place. 
 He begged us to do it. 
 His father was going to disinherit him and Belgard said he'd kill you both himself, unless we took you away. 
 Why not just refuse? 
 We'd sworn a blood oath we'd always help each other. 
 I'm ashamed I thought I was bound by it. 
 I regretted what I'd done immediately and came looking for you, but you'd disappeared. 
 But you found me later and made me a musketeer. 
 Yes. 
 Because you felt guilty? 
 Because you deserved it. 
 I would never give the uniform to someone who didn't - you know that! 
 We've heard enough of this. Shoot him, Porthos. 
 Give me one good reason why I shouldn't do as he says. 
 You know everything now... and you know who I am. 
 Do what you have to do. 
 Go on, Porthos! 
 For a while there, you almost had me believing you. 
 God knows, I wanted to. 
 But you had to overplay your hand. 
 This picture? 
 It's not my mother. 
 You thought I was too young to remember her, but one thing you never forget is your mother's face. 
 You probably bought this in some junk shop somewhere, thinking I wouldn't know the difference between one black woman and another. 
 You can't leave me, you're my son! 
 I'm sorry. 
 Thank you. 
 Damn you, come back! 
 Looks like he takes after his mother. 
 So, what are you going to do now? 
 What I've always done. 
 What about your inheritance? 
 This place? Not interested. 
 Still... it is bigger than yours. 
 The Captain thought you might be needing this. 
 All for one? 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Doctor Lemay! 
 I'm sorry, but... I can't marry you. 
 If it is too soon after the death of your husband... 
 No, no, it's not that, it's... 
 I'm in love with someone else. 
 I should have told you before, only... 
 It's taken me a while to fully understand it myself. 
 It's funny how many ways we can find to make ourselves unhappy, isn't it? 
 Well, then... it only remains to wish you good fortune. 
 I hope you and I can still be friends. 
 You may depend on that. 
 You really are a most unconventional woman, Constance. 
 I've barely even got started yet. 
 Rochefort. 
 Is everything all right? 
 There is a matter that I must discuss with you, in private. 
 What is it? 
 What is this about? 
 A gift... I gave you many years ago, when I was your tutor in Spain... a jewelled crucifix. 
 Forgive me... I have so much jewellery. 
 It was a token of my esteem. 
 You said you would treasure it... forever. 
 I was 14 years old. I hardly know what I said then. 
 And now I find this same gift... hanging around another man's neck. 
 You're not in mourning. 
 Because I'm not grieving. 
 I'm tired of being a hypocrite and I'm tired of everything getting in the way of being happy - including my own stupid conscience. 
 Are you saying... 
 I'm not finished yet. 
 The thing is... 
 I just wanted to say that... you're the only man I've ever loved or will ever love and... if you still want me and you're willing to give me... 
 Constance... shut up and kiss me. 
 I must go. 
 The Queen is waiting for me. 
 You've lost your mind, Rochefort. 
 Leave now, before it's too late. 
 I can't. 
 Not before I know. 
 Know what? 
 That you love me... as I love you. 
 I will forgive you any transgression, so long as I know that. 
 If we love each other, we will forgive. 
 You've gone mad. 
 Leave me now! 
 I have dreamed of this moment for so long... 
 To be alone with you, at last... 
 To consummate our love... 
 Please tell me, tell me you love me and all will be well. 
 You're a monster! 
 Get out before I have you arrested! 
 No-one will come if you call. 
 Your servants answer to me now. 
 You will love me. 
 You will. 
 We will be together at last, no matter what. 
 No, no, no! 
 No! Stop! 
 Let her go! 
 (Rochefort cries out) 
 (Rochefort groans queen anne sobs) 
 The King will hear of your adultery with the musketeer, Aramis. 
 Guards! 
 Come quickly! 
 There is treason in our midst! 
 Treason! 
 You sought to beguile and betray. 
 Now you will answer for it. 
 Rochefort knows everything about you and the Queen. 
 Take her. 
 I am in need of your help now more than ever, Sister Teresa. 
 Run! For God's sake, save yourself! 
 What have you done to me? 
 We... are not done yet. 
 If I was going to betray you, I'd have done it by now. 
 Beg, beg for my forgiveness. 
 Beg! 
 Beg for your life! 
 Help! Help! 
 Help! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 