Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - The Good Soldier - The Musketeers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - The Good Soldier https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=110&t=15700 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/10/14 01:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - The Good Soldier 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 PEACOCKS CRY 
 King : We are not accustomed to waiting. 
 After five years, what's a few more minutes, Your Majesty? 
 PEACOCKS CRY 
 HE SIGHS 
 Porthos : Heat. 
 Flies. 
 Boredom. 
 I do so love parades(!) 
 You know, I'm thinking about fainting, just for something to do. 
 What's wrong with him? 
 FLY BUZZES 
 Have you forgotten about the massacre at Savoy? 
 What massacre? 
 It's just like the Duke to be late. 
 He's always paraded himself as my equal, when Savoy is little more than a pimple on France's chin. 
 A strategically important pimple, Sire, the vital defence against Spanish influence on our border. 
 I'm aware of that, Cardinal. 
 So is the Duke... otherwise he wouldn't... keep us standing around all day. 
 CLANGING 
 KEYS JANGLE 
 What do I hear? 
 Why are they firing the guns? 
 GUNFIRE 
 Oh, it's just some Duke or other who's visiting the King. 
 GUNFIRE 
 What Duke? 
 Savoy? 
 DOOR CLOSES 
 Is...is it Savoy? 
 HORSE WHINNIES 
 BIRDSONG 
 GUN COCKS 
 Victor, I trust your journey was comfortable? 
 Dreadful. 
 Your French roads are full of potholes. 
 But it was worth every bump and bruise to see you again. 
 I have missed you, sister... more than I can say. 
 Duke : Cardinal Richelieu. 
 I've seen healthier-looking corpses. 
 HE CHUCKLES 
 Duke : You spend too much time at your desk. 
 Richelieu : Well, I assure you I'm quite robust. 
 I rejoice in your good health. 
 You know Gontard, my First Minister? 
 SCREAMING 
 Get the King to safety! 
 Porthos : Get into formation, now! 
 Wait there! Don't move! 
 Split up! 
 METAL RATTLES 
 Hello, old friend. 
 Don't make me kill you. 
 Marsac? 
 First a deserter and now an assassin? You don't understand. 
 It was the Duke of Savoy that led the attack and killed our friends five years ago. 
 BLADE CLINKS 
 COCKS GUN 
 Put your weapon on the ground. 
 We were friends, Aramis. 
 Now. 
 METAL SCRAPES 
 BLADE RATTLES 
 Marsac : Aramis, please listen to me. 
 Aah! 
 PEACOCK CRIES 
 Thank you. 
 That's for leaving me alone in the forest with 20 dead Musketeers. 
 Treville : Everybody inside now! 
 So, you talk of peace while you plot to murder me? 
 Such accusations are wild and dangerous. 
 And wholly untrue. 
 We only have your word for that, and we all know the Cardinal's promises are written in water. 
 Perhaps our cousins, the Spanish, will be more welcoming. 
 My men are searching for the assassin. 
 At least delay any rash action until we know his motives. 
 Captain Treville is right - we must wait for the facts. 
 Spoken like a true daughter of France. 
 I am the Duchess of Savoy and your loving wife before I'm anything. 
 Forgive me, my love. 
 I spoke in anger. 
 The shot might have hit any one of us. 
 At such a time, we should remember what unites us. 
 We are family, after all. 
 Savoy does not wish to be your enemy. 
 But our trust will not be abused. 
 If France will not guarantee our security, Spain will. 
 Allow the Spanish into your country, and your independence will be lost for ever. Thank you. 
 I know you have Savoy's interests close to your heart. 
 We will postpone signing the treaty while you establish the truth of this outrage. 
 In the meantime, I am content to accept your hospitality. 
 How very gracious of you(!) 
 King : If we had our way, we would kick the Duke's pompous arse all the way back to his tiny and ridiculous principality. 
 France needs Savoy, and he knows it. 
 It would be a disaster for us if his country were to fall into the hands of the Spanish. 
 Duke : This outrage could work to our advantage. 
 Find out if there's any truth to the rumour that Cluzet languishes in a French prison. 
 The matter is already in hand, Your Grace. 
 Perhaps Richelieu thinks I have forgotten my Chancellor, but he is very wrong. 
 If France had anything to do with Cluzet's disappearance, the Cardinal can whistle for his treaty. 
 Have you never asked yourself what really happened that night? 
 All these years, we thought it was the Spanish that butchered our friends - it was the Duke. 
 How do you know? 
 The raiding party were all masked. 
 I've made it my life's work to find out the truth. 
 GUN COCKS 
 D'Artagnan : Care to tell me what's going on? 
 Marsac's an old friend. 
 An old friend? 
 An old friend who just tried to kill the Duke of Savoy. 
 Hear him out. Marsac was one of the best soldiers in the regiment. 
 He's a Musketeer? He was. 
 We were brothers once. 
 For the sake of our old friendship, let me prove what I know! 
 PEACOCKS CRY 
 I need you to keep quiet about this for now. 
 Have you gone mad? Possibly, but... I owe him my life. 
 If this gets me hanged, I'm going to take it very personally. 
 This is your doing! 
 Why would I seek the Duke's death? 
 I want your word this is not another of your deadly games! 
 I know how your mind works, your endless tricks and deceptions. 
 Oh, yes, yes, yes. 
 I am the grand deceiver, and you are the bluff, honest man of action. 
 I'm familiar with the roles we play, Captain. 
 I assure you I am not playing. 
 Need I remind you that we are tied together by decisions we both took in Savoy five years ago? 
 There's not been one night since then I haven't thought of it. 
 You're very sensitive for a man in the business of killing. 
 Death in battle is one thing, but your world of back-alley stabbings and murder disgusts me. 
 Not everything I do is pleasant, but it's all necessary. 
 Now, with the greatest of respect for your exquisite delicacy of feeling, may we please return to the real issue here? 
 Is there any possibility that the Duke has discovered the fate of our mutual friend, Cluzet? No. 
 Perhaps it would be wise to move him to a different prison while the Duke is in Paris. 
 BELLS PEAL 
 A transfer would only attract attention. 
 He's safer where he is. 
 You're probably right. 
 But as an extra precaution, I want your men to be watching the Duke at all times. 
 Won't he object? There's just been an attempt on his life - he can hardly protest at our efforts to protect him. 
 BELLS PEAL 
 CHATTER 
 DOG BARKS 
 So, Monsieur Marsac, I assume you're a soldier? 
 Not at all. He's a...cabinet-maker. 
 Cabinet-maker? Highly skilled. 
 Of course, that's exactly what I am, an artist in, er, oak, walnut, chestnut... Chestnut? 
 I don't know. All types of wood. 
 How long will you be staying? 
 Oh, just a few days. 
 Can't he answer for himself? 
 He's very shy and he doesn't go out much, if ever. 
 Do you? 
 DOG BARKS OUTSIDE 
 Well, if you're willing to vouch for him, he can stay in d'Artagnan's room. 
 Excuse me. 
 I'm in your debt, Madame. Mm. 
 She's married...and a friend. 
 I was merely admiring from a distance. 
 Make it as far away as possible. 
 Where would I go if I escaped? 
 I don't know. 
 METAL SCRAPES 
 That's why we're not letting you loose. 
 HE SIGHS 
 I've thought of you many times... wondered how you were living. 
 Precariously. 
 A musket for hire, with thieves for company and one eye on the door. 
 I'm weary of it. 
 Your name is held in contempt amongst your old comrades. 
 You're a coward and a deserter. 
 For that alone, you're under sentence of death. 
 No-one has the right to judge me! 
 You alone know what really happened. 
 Treachery can't go unpunished, Aramis. 
 The lives of our dead friends must be avenged. 
 CHATTER 
 HORSE WHINNIES 
 What happened in Savoy? 
 We were camping near the French border. It was a training exercise. 
 We had no reason to be on our guard. 
 We were attacked in the night, most of our men killed as they slept. 
 Marsac and I knew we were going to die, but we fought side by side, regardless, like soldiers. 
 DOG BARKS 
 How did you survive? 
 I was wounded. Marsac dragged me to safety in the woods. 
 He didn't go back to fight. He hid in the trees, watching the massacre. 
 When I woke up the next morning, I... found him sitting amongst the bodies, overcome with shame and remorse. 
 He felt he should have died too. 
 He ripped off his uniform and rode away. 
 I should have stopped and told him that he hadn't done anything wrong, that throwing his own life away would achieve nothing. 
 He just saved my life, and I let him ruin his own. 
 But in his own eyes, he is a coward and a deserter... not in mine. 
 How in God's name did he escape? 
 We lost him in the grounds. 
 He just, er...got away. 
 Didn't you see him either? 
 I, um...slipped. 
 You slipped? Wet grass. 
 There's a killer on the loose, and the security of the nation hangs by a thread, but at least little d'Artagnan didn't get a nasty bruise. 
 Athos. Porthos. 
 Report to the palace in the morning. 
 As long as the Duke is in France, his safety is now your responsibility. 
 And be vigilant. 
 The assassin is still out there somewhere. 
 Hey. 
 You're hiding something. 
 No idea what you mean. 
 You too. 
 What is it? 
 If you don't tell him, I will. 
 Tell us what? 
 Constance : You brought a wanted man into my house? 
 A deserter? Deserter and assassin. 
 I'm guessing they didn't mention that part. 
 Failed assassin, technically. 
 Oh, you can keep quiet. I don't want to know. But I trusted you. 
 D'Artagnan's not to blame. 
 He behaved with honour. 
 Honourable people don't lie to their friends. 
 Apologies for the deception. I'll leave immediately. You can stay. 
 But you can pack your things. 
 That hardly seems fair. 
 SLAMS DOOR 
 She'll forgive you - just give her time. 
 How much time? 
 Ah, a decade or two, maybe. 
 Have you both completely lost your minds? 
 Perhaps Athos doesn't care about 20 dead Musketeers. 
 Insulting the man who holds your life in his hands? 
 I see you are a fool as well as a coward. 
 Just hear him out. 
 If you're not satisfied, I'll do whatever you suggest. 
 There's somebody you should speak to first. 
 Marsac : I found him in a bar, drunk and bragging about killing Musketeers. 
 GROANING 
 Tell them what you told me! 
 Easy. He can't talk if he's out cold. 
 I was a soldier in the pay of the Duke of Savoy. 
 At Easter, five years ago, he told us the French had come to kill him and put his son in his place. 
 Go on. We rolled out on Good Friday. 
 Slaughtered the Musketeers as they slept. 
 They were snoozing like babies when we crept into their tents. 
 They were my friends! 
 HE GROANS 
 No, wait! Wait! 
 I'll tell you who gave the Duke his information. 
 I overheard him and his Chancellor, Cluzet, discussing his name. 
 We knew where you were camped. 
 We were tipped off. 
 What name did you hear? 
 Who betrayed the Musketeers? 
 Treville. 
 It...it was a Captain Treville. 
 Treville? 
 Well, it makes sense, and every man has his price. 
 You take that back! 
 Gentlemen! Come on. 
 Gentlemen. 
 The Captain? Really? The Captain? 
 A traitor who organised the murder of his own men? 
 It's impossible. Well, he's lying. 
 How did the Duke find us so easily? 
 Someone had to tell him. 
 Someone who knew our orders. 
 It was Treville who issued them. 
 Hey, Marsac. 
 Your friends made a pretty picture with their throats slit. 
 HE CACKLES 
 He's obviously heard Treville's name somewhere. 
 He'd say anything to save his own skin. 
 I agree. There must be some other explanation. 
 HE GASPS FOR AIR 
 Marsac! Marsac! 
 He's dead. 
 Has anyone tried to contact your guest recently? 
 How could they, when no-one knows he's here? 
 It was a simple question. 
 A yes or no answer would have sufficed. 
 BOLT RATTLES 
 DOOR CREAKS 
 DOOR SHUTS 
 WATER DRIPS 
 Five years of waiting. 
 I've often wondered why you didn't just kill me. 
 Well, a Spanish spy of your importance might prove valuable one day. 
 Why are you here? 
 Your former master, the Duke, is in Paris to sign a treaty that will bind France and Savoy together for ever. 
 A historic moment, I'm sure you would agree. 
 You're lying. 
 Spain would never allow it. 
 Well, without you to pass them information, the Spanish have no influence. 
 The game is over, and all of your secret labour on their behalf was in vain. 
 The Duke...can't be so short-sighted. 
 Spain would pay twice as much and guarantee Savoy's independence. 
 Really? What a pity you're not there to advise him. 
 He can't have forgotten how you tried to overthrow him. 
 That whole incident was a tragic misunderstanding. 
 You forget who you're talking to. 
 I saw the orders with my own eyes. 
 So you did. 
 And then you urged the Duke to violent retaliation. 
 Now, if you hadn't given him that advice, you might still be free and the Duke would be signing a treaty with Spain. 
 It's strange how history turns on the smallest decision. 
 If you're trying to crush my spirit, you won't succeed. 
 Your spirit is of little interest to me, crushed or otherwise. 
 WATER DRIPS 
 Total solitude. 
 Unlimited time to reflect. 
 I almost envy you. 
 RICHELIEU KNOCKS ON DOOR 
 DOOR CREAKS 
 DOOR CLOSES 
 BOLT CLICKS 
 Treville is a patriot, a man of honour. The charges against him are ridiculous. 
 We heard accusations, not proof. 
 Then we'll find proof. 
 There's no "we" here. 
 Aramis, you were there. 
 You saw the butchered bodies. 
 You don't need to remind me. 
 Athos is right. There is no proof. 
 Don't you want revenge? 
 I want justice. 
 This is the Captain we're talking about. 
 Which is why we owe it to him to clear his name. 
 So, really, we'd be doing him a favour? Let's hope he sees it that way. 
 This is not your business. 
 You're not even a Musketeer. 
 Apparently, neither are you. 
 Porthos : Don't go there. 
 Not if you enjoy breathing. 
 I have to know the truth. 
 I don't believe Treville is guilty and I never will, but we won't stand in your way. 
 Do what you have to do. 
 One condition - 
 Marsac stays under house arrest. 
 Aramis : During the massacre, I wounded their leader, a cut across the back. 
 If it was the Duke who led the attack, he'll still carry the scar. 
 Aramis, before you go down this road, ask yourself one question. 
 If it is true, what then? 
 CROWD CHATTERS 
 BIRDSONG 
 PEACOCKS CRY 
 King : Ooh. 
 Ooh. 
 He's a precocious little darling, isn't he? 
 Louis Amadeus, careful. 
 Oh, let him do his worst. 
 I need the practice. 
 Ha-ha! Now, careful. 
 Do you still long for Paris? 
 King : Steady. 
 Savoy is my home... and motherhood is a great distraction. 
 So I'm told. 
 Uh! Uh! Ooh! 
 Yeah. Ha! You lose, I win. 
 France beats Savoy. 
 Hm. 
 ECHOES OF SHOUTING 
 BLADES CLASH 
 Hey! Aramis! 
 BLADES CLASH 
 SOLDIERS SHOUT 
 Serge : You want some dinner? 
 No, thanks. 
 Serge? You remember Marsac? 
 Oh, I remember him. 
 A good soldier until... well, you know. 
 It's this visit from the Duke of Savoy, isn't it? 
 Stirs up bad memories. 
 What are you doing? 
 You told me to pack my things. 
 I killed a man for you, yet you still don't trust me. 
 I was trying to protect you. 
 I don't want protection. 
 I want to be treated as an equal. 
 Well, I made a promise to Aramis. 
 So, you chose him over me? 
 It's not that simple, OK? 
 There's a question of loyalty. 
 I'm sorry. You're right. 
 You're right. 
 I won't make the same mistake next time. 
 Next time? 
 Well, I was hoping that you might change your mind. 
 Well, we do need the money. 
 And I swear I'll never lie to you again. 
 I hope not, cos next time, you'd be out on your ear. 
 And... I'd miss you. 
 Duke : A bodyguard of Musketeers. 
 It's like being protected by wolves. 
 Have you captured the man who tried to kill me? 
 We shouldn't allow ourselves to be distracted by minor issues. 
 My life...might be a minor issue to you, Cardinal, but not to me. 
 You came to Paris to sign the treaty! 
 Further delays are in no-one's interest. 
 I will fight a duel... with this Musketeer. 
 If he wins, then we discuss the treaty. 
 But if I triumph... then I return home immediately. 
 Sorry. I assume you're joking? 
 Will your man win? 
 Athos is the best swordsman in the regiment. 
 That's not what I asked. 
 Is this a good idea, Cardinal? 
 That rather depends on the outcome. 
 METAL SCRAPES 
 He who draws blood first is the winner. 
 If you damage her husband, my sister is going to be very upset. 
 
 
 
 GRUNTING 
 Athos! 
 Athos! 
 Agh! 
 Shall we say nine o'clock in the morning? 
 HE CHUCKLES 
 I'm glad it was you. 
 I'd have cut his bloody head off. 
 Your duty was to win, not to start a war. 
 You could have defeated him in a way that allowed him his dignity. 
 Go and apologise. 
 CHATTER 
 That was foolish. You could have been seriously injured. 
 I just wanted to wipe that smug look off the Cardinal's face. 
 If he's been lying all these years about Cluzet's disappearance... 
 Gontard : I have news. 
 What is it? 
 I have come to apologise. 
 I was overzealous. 
 You won a fair fight. 
 You wanted to kill me. 
 I saw it in your eyes. Why? 
 You are mistaken. 
 What motive could a Musketeer possibly have for wanting to kill the Duke of Savoy? 
 Did you hear all that? 
 I saw the scar too. 
 Marsac was right about the Duke. 
 That doesn't mean he's right about Treville. 
 Perhaps we should find out what Monsieur Gontard really knows. 
 Gontard : Your prisoner... describe him. 
 Around 50. 
 HE SIGHS 
 Gaunt. Long, dark hair. 
 My height or taller. 
 Pale. Prison has been hard on him. 
 He's the right age and build. 
 It could be Cluzet. 
 Who's he? 
 Doesn't matter. Anything else? 
 There is one more thing. 
 He wears spectacles, little round ones with horn rims. 
 Is that important? 
 You have no idea, my friend. 
 COIN CLINKS 
 The Captain keeps a record of every Musketeer campaign since the regiment was founded, all except that one night. 
 There's no documents for the mission in Savoy - no maps, no letters, nothing at all. 
 Coincidence? 
 Perhaps you just didn't find them. 
 His filing is meticulous. 
 There's nothing there. 
 The documents have either been removed or destroyed. 
 I'm still confident there's a perfectly good explanation. 
 I'll be happy to hear it. 
 I admit it's troubling, but I agree with d'Artagnan. 
 So, you're content to do nothing? 
 How much evidence do you need that something is badly wrong? 
 What does it take to make you act? 
 I will never believe the Captain is a traitor. You think I want to? 
 Let me help. 
 I give you my word as a gentleman that I won't try to leave. 
 Aramis, tell them. You know me. 
 I used to. 
 Every word I have told you has turned out to be the truth. 
 Why would I deceive you now? 
 BLADE SCRAPES 
 Oi. 
 CHATTER 
 KNOCKING 
 What's this? 
 We have a question to ask you. 
 Why aren't you with the Duke? 
 Five years ago, you ordered a troop of Musketeers into Savoy, on a training exercise. 
 They were all killed, all except Marsac and myself. 
 I remember. 
 At the time, the attack was blamed on a Spanish raiding party. 
 What do you mean, at the time? 
 We have information that it was actually the Duke of Savoy who was responsible. 
 You don't seem surprised. 
 The only thing that surprises me is your dereliction of duty. 
 Get back to your posts before I lose my temper. 
 Did you know it was the Duke? 
 I am not accountable to you. 
 But you are to the men who died. 
 Be careful, Aramis. 
 You're in dangerous territory. 
 Not as dangerous as Savoy was for your men. 
 I'm going to put this down to a fit of temporary insanity. 
 Leave now and we'll say no more about it. 
 How did our orders get into the Duke's hands? 
 Who told him where we were camping? 
 Why did he think we were coming to attack him? Get out! 
 Who killed those Musketeers? 
 And why? 
 THUNDER RUMBLES 
 Who have you been speaking to? 
 It doesn't matter. 
 What matters is the truth. 
 Leave...now and I'll spare you a court martial, and that's giving you a choice you don't deserve. 
 One last time. 
 Will you answer our questions? 
 No. 
 I will not. 
 Marsac is right. 
 How much more proof do we need? 
 Treville didn't admit anything. 
 He didn't need to. 
 It was written on his face. 
 The Captain is the finest man I've ever met, and when it comes down to it, I'd rather be on his side than Marsac's. 
 You may be content to do nothing. 
 I'm not. 
 You run and hide, and I'll count to 20. 
 One. 
 Echoes : Two. 
 PEACOCKS CRY OUTSIDE 
 Three. 
 I didn't expect to enjoy so much of your company in Paris. 
 PEACOCKS CRY OUTSIDE 
 I thought you would favour the Cardinal over me. 
 There's a small matter to be resolved before we conclude negotiations. 
 I suppose the Cardinal's trying one of his famous tricks. 
 What a terrible man. 
 You can't trust him at all, you know. 
 I have no such intention. 
 How devious you are. It's one of the things I admire about you. 
 And? 
 What else do you admire? 
 No. Now you're fishing for it, and I won't indulge your vanity. 
 Mama, where are you? 
 Coming! 
 What if I decide to defy France and side with Spain? 
 Whatever you decide, I will support you until the end. 
 And I love you for it. 
 HE CLEARS HIS THROAT 
 Gontard, you are the most inconvenient man. 
 Cluzet is here in Paris. 
 Are you sure? 
 The prisoner answers his description in every respect. 
 Damn Richelieu. 
 Take a glass of wine with me, Madame. 
 It's been a long time since I had such attractive company. 
 Please don't pay me compliments, Monsieur. I don't want them. 
 If I were d'Artagnan, I'm guessing you'd be a lot more receptive. 
 Don't touch me. 
 Is one kiss too much to ask for, for a man who's been alone for so long? 
 Touch her again and I'll kill you. 
 My apologies. 
 I used to be a man of honour, a Musketeer. 
 Now I...now I hardly recognise myself. 
 You all right? 
 Are you sure? 
 I beg your forgiveness. 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry. 
 I've tied him up. 
 He won't bother you again. 
 It's just as well you came when you did. I might have hurt him. 
 I'm sorry. I've brought you nothing but trouble since I came here. 
 Well, it makes a change having someone else try to kiss me. 
 I've never been so popular. 
 I just wish there was something I could do to make amends. 
 There is one thing. 
 No-one in the world could know, especially not my husband. 
 Of course. 
 What is it? 
 Teach me how to shoot. 
 Shoot? Sword-fighting as well. 
 I've always liked the look of that. 
 Why should men have all the fun? 
 Why do women have to be dignified and ladylike? 
 Good question. I have no idea. 
 So you'll do it? 
 HE SIGHS 
 Yes. Ha! 
 SHE CHUCKLES 
 BIRDSONG 
 Richelieu : What do they know? 
 That my orders fell into the Duke's hands, that our men were betrayed. 
 Can't you control your own men? 
 They want to know the truth. 
 It's a matter of honour. Honour? 
 There's no word in the language more likely to cause stupidity and inconvenience. 
 You do realise what's at stake? 
 Of course I realise. 
 Then handle it. 
 METAL CLINKS 
 PEACOCK CRIES 
 What is it? 
 Nothing. 
 I must go. The Duke has demanded an urgent meeting with the King. 
 Why? 
 I've no idea. Hopefully, he's finally come to his senses. 
 You think you're entitled to an explanation, but this is not your concern. 
 You and the Cardinal, as thick as thieves. 
 20 dead Musketeers. 
 That makes it my concern. 
 You think I won't have you arrested, that you're above the normal laws of soldiering? 
 Did you betray your own men to the Duke of Savoy? 
 You are meddling in complex affairs of state. 
 It's a simple question. 
 Did you do it? 
 Yes. 
 This isn't over. 
 What will you do now? 
 Report Treville to the authorities. 
 He'll face a court martial. 
 With the Cardinal involved, it won't even go to trial. 
 We have to act, Aramis! 
 Handle this ourselves. 
 I'm a soldier, not a vigilante. 
 If you want justice, then this is the only way. 
 It's not my way. 
 You're right. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You're still a deserter. 
 If they catch you, they'll hang you. 
 Best thing for you to do is to leave Paris as soon as possible. 
 I'm sorry, old friend. 
 But you said you wanted justice. 
 When Treville is dead... you will have it. 
 DOORS OPEN 
 Richelieu : Such urgency, Your Grace. 
 Are you finally ready to sign the treaty? 
 There'll be no treaty, Cardinal. 
 Not now, not ever. 
 Might I enquire why not? 
 Because France is a nation of liars and cheats. 
 I appreciate a melodrama as much as the next man, but an explanation might help clarify things. 
 Five years ago, a troop of Musketeers was sent to Savoy, to depose the Duke and put his infant son in his place. 
 By the grace of God, that plan was thwarted. 
 But the same night, Cluzet, Savoy's Chancellor, disappeared. 
 We now know he was abducted by French agents, and is in prison here in Paris. 
 There is, of course, not a word of truth in this absurd fabrication. 
 Would you make peace with a nation that so outrageously meddles in the affairs of an independent state? 
 Well, I suppose not, if it were true. 
 We have irrefutable proof. 
 By all means, present it. 
 Oh, we can do better than that. 
 We can pay him a visit. 
 Does he expect you to follow? 
 I rather think he does. 
 CHATTER 
 Shouldn't you two be with the Duke? 
 Our services are no longer required. 
 That's for sure. 
 We need to speak to the Captain. 
 I need a drink. 
 HORSE WHINNIES 
 I have no time for explanations. 
 There's an important prisoner being held somewhere here in Paris. 
 You mean Cluzet? You know him? 
 Not exactly, but we know where to find him. 
 The Duke is on his way to find him right now. 
 For the sake of France, he must not discover him. 
 Many lives are at stake, including my own. 
 We can't stop the Duke entering the prison. 
 Yeah, but...that doesn't mean he has to find him inside. 
 Guard : Stop there. 
 Order them to let me in. 
 Jailer : Oi! 
 Porthos : Hurry up! All right! 
 Whoever is supplying you with information is mistaken. 
 Stop now, before you embarrass yourself. 
 Ah...! Which way? 
 Down here! 
 Tell them to open the doors. 
 If it will satisfy your curiosity. 
 Get in there! Oh! 
 You traitor! 
 Agh! 
 I want nothing to do with it! 
 Not your average duchess, then? 
 Come here. 
 Sit down. Put this on. 
 HE GRUNTS 
 Cluzet! Cluzet! 
 Here. 
 Cluzet! 
 Open the door. 
 This is a waste of time. 
 It's absolutely pointless. 
 Do as he says. 
 KEYS JINGLE 
 LOCK RATTLES 
 RATS SQUEAK 
 Cluzet? 
 Are you the new cook? I'm starving. 
 Who is this? 
 But his description... 
 I'm sure my information was correct. 
 Clearly there's been some mistake. 
 How awkward. 
 Paris has a number of excellent places of correction, if you'd like a tour of them all. 
 No? 
 Then perhaps we can turn our thoughts to more important matters. 
 There's still the issue of... HE CLEARS HIS THROAT ..of the assassination attempt. 
 Alas, we live in dangerous times. 
 But surely a lasting peace between our countries is the best answer to violent threats. 
 You incompetent fool. 
 MUFFLED GRUNTING 
 Nice look. Better with the hat. 
 GRUNTING CONTINUES 
 Shh. Good boy. 
 HE GASPS 
 Marsac : Treason has to be paid for, Captain. 
 PISTOL COCKS 
 I always thought you'd be back one day. 
 Was it money? 
 Were you paid by the Duke? 
 If you think that, you know nothing about me. 
 I'm going to blow you to hell. 
 But first...I want to know why. 
 PISTOL COCKS 
 Put your gun down, Marsac. 
 PISTOL COCKS 
 Whatever the Captain has done, he will account for it at a court martial. 
 Treville : There will be no court martial. 
 The King knows what happened. 
 I was acting on his instructions. 
 The King told you to betray us? 
 I was told to pass on your position to the Duke. 
 Those were my orders, and I obeyed them. 
 What reason can there be for sanctioning the slaughter of your own men? 
 It was done to protect the King's most important spy in Savoy. 
 The Duchess. 
 You sold us out to save the Duchess? 
 Cluzet was a Spanish spy. 
 He began to suspect she was passing us information. 
 We had to distract the Duke and snatch Cluzet before he exposed her. 
 20 of our friends were murdered. 
 I was misled! 
 The Cardinal allowed the Duke to believe your mission... was an assassination attempt. 
 Put the guns down. 
 You heard him! 
 You heard what he said! 
 He's guilty! 
 And you heard his reasons, so... put them down. 
 Marsac. 
 This has to end here, Aramis. 
 You know that. 
 I'm sorry, old friend. 
 Better to die a Musketeer... than live like a dog. 
 Richelieu : I look forward to a new age of peace and prosperity between us. 
 France and Savoy belong together. 
 KING CHUCKLES 
 One thing you should know. 
 I love my husband. 
 Very much. 
 Young Louis Amadeus is a fine boy. 
 He will soon make an excellent ruler of Savoy. 
 Not yet, Cardinal. The Duke is still a strong man in good health. 
 Accidents happen, Your Majesty. 
 One must be prepared. 
 GUNSHOT 
 Don't snatch at the trigger. 
 Your arm's far too stiff. 
 SHE SIGHS 
 I'll show you. 
 Here. 
 Right, straighten up your arm. 
 Keep your arm up, elbow loose. 
 Deep breath. 
 SHE SIGHS 
 Sight down the barrel. 
 Relax. 
 And fire. 
 BOTH CHUCKLE 
 Swords? 
 Hm. 
 THUNDER ROLLS 
 Marsac's spirit died in that forest in Savoy, five years ago. 
 Just took this long for his body to catch up. 
 We're soldiers, Captain. 
 We follow our orders, no matter where they lead, even to death. 
 SHOUTS ECHO 
 Aramis : Rest now, Marsac. 
 With your brothers. 
 Porthos was born and raised here. 
 Amongst thieves? 
 Are you the king here now? 
 King of sorts. 
 We should get you out of those clothes. 
 Someone might mistake you for a gentleman. 
 You killed Catholics? 
 Not specifically. 
 There are three of us, Pastor. 
 Then you are outnumbered. 
 I have God on my side. 
 Forget about Porthos. 
 You left him to die. 
 A man lies dead! 
 It's not what it looks like. 
 What if he's guilty? 
 This is Porthos. 
 Take this man to the gallows! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 