Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x03 - What I Meant to Say - Boy Meets World 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x03 - What I Meant to Say https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1037&t=43791 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/21 08:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x03 - What I Meant to Say 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 TRANSCRIBER’S NOTE: I don’t speak French so I cannot write exactly transcribe what Shawn is saying (It’s not in the DVD captions). Instead, I used the translator at dictionary.com, so there’s a good chance the French in here isn’t, word for word, what Shawn said. -Dennis 
 Opening Sequence 
 [SCENE – The backroom at Chubbie’s. Cory and Topanga are presumably on a date. Cory is teaching Topanga to shoot some pool, so as she holds and aims the stick, Cory does so behind her with his arms around hers] 
 Topanga: (Giggling) Cory, stop… 
 Cory: Alright, alright.  Nice level stroke. Just kiss the cue ball. 
 Topanga: Softly. (Looks at Cory) 
 Cory: (Staring into Topanga’s eyes) Very softly. (As he demonstrates how, Topanga kisses his cheek so the stroke goes haywire, shooting upwards and knocking the balls all over the table) (Taps the table, embarrassed) Uh… I’m thinking darts. Alright, now… (Walks over to a shelf, takes a few darts, and turns to the dart board) The key to this game is to be very gentle and let the air do the work. 
 Topanga: Like this? (Blows in Cory’s ear as he throws the dart. In mid throw, Cory giggles and misses the board completely, instead throwing it through the doorway into the dining area. A man from the dining area shrieks in pain) 
 Cory: (Calling to man) Sorry! (To Topanga) Uh, maybe it’s safer if we just talk. 
 Topanga: Yeah, no one ever got hurt talking. (The two walks towards some chairs, Topanga holds her arms) 
 Cory: Oh, um… (Takes off his jean jacket) Are you cold? 
 Topanga: A little. 
 Cory: Here. (Drapes the jacket over Topanga’s shoulders) 
 Topanga: The perfect fit. 
 Cory: Yeah, just like us. 
 Topanga: (Puts her arms in the sleeves) Y’know, Cory, I wasn’t sure what to expect, but moving from friends to boyfriend and girlfriend has been real easy. (Sits) 
 Cory: (Sits, smiles) Yeah, and fun. (They kiss) I think it’s because we’ve been such good friends for so long. 
 Topanga: So, Cory? Are you feeling what I’m feeling? 
 Cory: I think I am. Topanga? 
 Topanga: Yeah? 
 Cory: I love you. (Long pause as Topanga looks floored and Cory tries to maintain a smile) Did you hear what I said? 
 Topanga: (Uncomfortably) Yes. Can we go now? (Stands, exits) (Cory looks confused) 
 [SCENE – John Adam’s High School hallway. Cory is putting his things in his locker as Shawn limps over] 
 Cory: What happened to you? 
 Shawn: It’s the weirdest thing. Last night, I’m sitting at Chubbie’s, right? I’m looking deep into Paula Balboa’s chestnut eyes. I lean forward, about to make my move, when some yahoo hits me in the butt with a dart. 
 Cory: (Pause, laughs awkwardly) Ha! Ha! You… You… You didn’t see who it was? 
 Shawn: No. 
 Cory: Lot of sick people out there, man. 
 Shawn: So how was your night with the lovely Topanga? 
 Cory: It was good. Good. Ninety percent good. 
 Shawn: (Grinning) And the other twenty percent? 
 Cory: Well, I… I may have kinda gotten caught up in the moment and said some things that maybe I shouldn’t have said. 
 Shawn: Cor, did you get emotional with Topanga? 
 Cory: (Bashfully) It was hard not to. I mean, she looked so beautiful. 
 Shawn: You didn’t tell her that, did you? 
 Cory: (Stutters) N-no! Say she’s beautiful? Yeah, like I’d say that, Shawn. (Paces to Shawn’s other side) I said “I love you.” (Shawn gasps, like he can’t breathe) What? What, what, what? 
 Shawn: You idiot! Once word gets around what you told Topanga, every girl’s gonna wanna hear it. 
 Cory: What? “I love you”? 
 Shawn: SHH!! You’re like a stinking canary! 
 Cory: Come on, Shawn, I mean, I don’t believe telling Topanga I lover her is gonna affect anybody but me and her. 
 (Eric and his current girlfriend, Christi, pass) 
 Shawn: (To Eric) Hey, Eric. Eric, guess what? Cory told Topanga he loved her. 
 Christi: (Cutesy) Oh! 
 Eric: (Panicking) Grandma Topanga, what’s not to love! (Grins) 
 Christi: (To Eric) You have so an adorable little brother. 
 Eric: (Chuckles) I sure do, don’t I? (Grabs the back of Cory’s neck, looking friendly, but actually hurting Cory) 
 Cory: (In pain) Ohh! 
 Eric: Uh, Christi, I’ll catch up with you, okay? (Christi nods) Okay. (Chuckles) (Christi walks away) (To Cory, releasing him) What could you possibly be thinking? Christi’s gonna expect me to tell her that I love her. (To self) Oh, man! I gotta do something now. (Paces behind Shawn) Think! You gotta think, Eric! (Pause) Ow! (Rubs forehead) 
 Shawn: Thinking cramp? 
 Eric: (Nods stiffly) Yeah… 
 Shawn: I get those, too. 
 Eric: (Stretches his face, shaking off the cramp) Alright, uh… (Clears throat) (Walks past Cory and Shawn, practicing) Christi, I love you. Christi, I love you. Christi, I… (Turns to Cory and Shawn) I don’t even know her last name! (To self) Great. I gotta think. Ow! (Rubs forehead, walks away) 
 Shawn: You see, Cor? (Walks behind Cory, then puts his hand on Cory’s shoulder) Thanks to you, dating as we know it at John Adam’s High is over. 
 Cory: But everything’s alright with me and Topanga? 
 Shawn: Are you kidding me? Form this moment on, Topanga will be a gushing, love-struck puppy, hanging on to your every word. 
 (Enter Topanga) 
 Topanga: (Notices Cory) I… really have to go. (Turns around, exits) 
 Shawn: (Smiling) You see? 
 [Cut to the back part of the hallway. Eli Williams enters with a cup of coffee. Feeny is following him angrily] 
 Feeny: Don’t think you’re getting away with this! 
 Eli: Oh, go away. 
 Feeny: Stop right there! (Points, Eli stops and turns) 
 Eli: Hey, captain, what is your beef? 
 Feeny: (Walks over to Eli) My beef, captain, is that you just snaked my coffee. 
 Eli: Hey, I put my money in. The cup dropped. The coffee poured. It’s my coffee. 
 Feeny: (Sternly) How much money did you put in? 
 Eli: (Shrugs) A nickel. 
 Feeny: Precisely, a nickel! I had just deposited seventy-five cents (Turner walks over) and I turn my back for a moment to get some more cha… (Starts snatching at Eli’s coffee) Just give that back! 
 Eli: Hey, hey, hey! 
 Turner: (Tapping Eli’s shoulder) Eli. Eli. 
 Eli: Just a second, Jonathan. I got a situation. (Points to Feeny) 
 Turner: Yeah, yeah. More than you know. Remember that interview I said was with a Mr. Feeny? 
 Eli: Yeah, y’know what? I can’t wait, ‘cause the first thing I’m gonna do is tell Feeny he’s got a little mustached man power tripping all over his hall. (Nods to Turner, then to Feeny, then back to Turner, then to Feeny, then finally back to Turner, who nods back, looking uncomfortable. Eli, not nodding anymore, looking to Feeny with a stupefied grin, then turns to Turner) Feeny, right? (Turner nods) (To Feeny, super-friendly) Hi. Coffee? (Holds out cup) (With a finger, Feeny beckons Eli into his office. As he goes, Eli looks back at Turner longingly) 
 [SCENE – John Adam’s High School hallway, later that day. Cory waits in the hallway, holding flowers when the bell rings. Topanga leaves a classroom in front of him, and Cory steps towards her] 
 Cory: Oh, uh, Topanga… 
 Shawn: (Appears in the background) NO!! (Chases Cory down and knocks him on his knees) 
 Cory: (Stands, angrily) Shawn!! Are you insane?! You bull-rushed me! 
 Shawn: I had to, man. Don’t you know what you’re doing? 
 Cory: Yeah, there’s something wrong between me and Topanga and I wanna find out what it is. 
 Shawn: Not by giving her these. (Takes the flowers from Cory and passes them on to a passerby jock) Here. (The jock smiles lovingly at Shawn, then walks away) (To Cory, whom he puts his arm around) Look, Cory, I’ve been doing some thinking. Ow! (Rubs forehead) The problem with your relationship is Topanga’s got all the power now. 
 Cory: What power? 
 Shawn: The power you give up when you say, “I love you.” 
 Cory: But I do. I mean, what’s wrong with saying how I feel? What’s wrong with telling someone… 
 Shawn: (Interrupting Cory, disinterested) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, b-b-but look. The longer you can go in a relationship without saying those words, the more power you hold. It’s in books, man. 
 Cory: What books are you reading? 
 Shawn: “Men Are from Mars, Women Want to Blow Mars Out of the Stinking Sky.” (Smiles) They’re after us, Cor. Be warned. 
 Cory: So, this power. How do I get it back? 
 Shawn: Wait her out, make her come to you. 
 Cory: But she’s avoiding me. 
 Shawn: Exactly. She’s laying low, making a list. 
 Cory: What list? 
 Shawn: The whipped list. Of all the things she wants you to do. You know, walks on the beach, going to the Pottery Barn, drinking international coffees, 
 Cory: Have you tried the Viennese Mocha? (Holds up okay sign) It’s great… (Shawn looks displeased, Cory lowers his hand) 
 Shawn: It’s happening. (Braces Cory’s shoulders) Cory, I want you to wait her out. I don’t want you going near her. And in the meantime, I want you to make a list of your own. Things you want to do. 
 Cory: (Vengefully) Yeah. Yeah, like yard sales! And antique shopping! 
 Shawn: Cory! 
 Cory: (Shrugs) I just want her to like my list. (The two exit) 
 (Eli exits Feeny’s office hurriedly. Turner intercepts him) 
 Turner: (Holding Eli back) Eli, come on. Come on, wait. Wait, wait, wait. 
 Eli: Let go of me. 
 Turner: (Releasing Eli) Was it that bad? 
 Eli: (Demoralized) I stole his coffee… I didn’t kill anybody. 
 Turner: (Shakes his hard, puts his arm on Eli’s shoulder, walking him into his classroom) Man, I’m sorry, Eli. I still think you would have made a great teacher, though, man. 
 Eli: (With Turner, enters Turner’s classroom) Why? I mean, I have nothing to say to kids. I don’t even understand kids. 
 Turner: But you know how to communicate, man, and you know how to do it honestly! (Sits on a desk) 
 Eli: That’s what got me fired from producing the sis o’clock news. I’m trying to show people what’s really going on with the slumlords in Philadelphia and the station manager’s saying: “Well, let’s se more of that woman that walks to work naked.” (Holds up arms in disgust) 
 Turner: Which is exactly why you’d make a great media arts teacher, man. (Stands) Getting to what the truth is, that’s what these kids need to hear. (Paces to his desk, past Eli) 
 Eli: They aren’t gonna be hearing it from me after that session in hell with Mr. Mustache. 
 Feeny: (Standing in the doorway) I prefer Mr. Feeny. 
 Eli: (Turns to Feeny, speaking to Turner) Is he there all the time? 
 Turner: All the time. 
 Eli: (To Feeny) Man, haven’t you put me through enough? 
 Feeny: (Enters the room, walks over to Turner and Eli) (Leaning towards Eli) Not nearly. (Pause) You start on Monday. 
 Eli: (Unsure) Start what? 
 Feeny: Mr. Williams, you show great passion. I think our student will benefit from a teacher who’s actually lived his subject matter. So, congratulations. 
 Turner: Come on, George, even I gotta say, quit yankin’ the guy! 
 Feeny: (Shaking head) I… yank you not! (Pause, Eli and Turner stare) To tell you the truth, Mr. Williams, you remind me of another dedicated young man who was filled with fire and fury. 
 Turner: (Grinning) George, you mean me? 
 Feeny: I mean me, you egomaniac. (Exits, shaking head) 
 [SCENE – John Adam’s High School cafeteria. Shawn is standing over a full lunch table when Cory enters, running] 
 Cory: Shawn! Shawn! You were right. 
Shawn: (In French) Oui Cory, absolument. Quand il vient aux affaires du coeur, je suis roi. (This translates to “Yes Cory, absolutely. When it comes to affairs of the heart, I am king.” As indicated by subtitles) 
 Cory: (Impressed) Where did you learn how to speak French? 
 Shawn: (Laughs once) I’m an idiot savant. You didn’t know that? 
 Cory: Cool. Anyway, good news. I’ve got the power back. 
 Shawn: Oh, Topanga came to you. 
 Cory: Yeah, yeah. She left me this note. (Takes note from pocket, unfolds it, shows it to Shawn) She said she wants to meet me here and “talk.” 
 Shawn: Huh! Huh! I could write a book of my own. I’ll call it, “Shawn: I Hardly Knew Me.” 
 Cory: Man… You really are an idiot savant. 
 (Topanga approaches) 
 Topanga: Hi, Cory. 
 Cory: Oh. Hi, Topanga. 
 Topanga: Can we talk alone? 
 Cory: (Shrugs) Sure. 
 Cory & Shawn: (Whispering to one another) Alone. (Shawn walks away) 
 Topanga: Cory, this isn’t easy for me. 
 Cory: Well, you know, relationships are hard work. I mean, they involve planning, communicating, a lot of give-and-take. 
 Topanga: (Brief pause) (Somberly) I don’t think we should see each other anymore. 
 Cory: (Unsure how to react) Was that give or take? 
 Topanga: I’m sorry. It’s over. Bye. (Kisses Cory’s cheek, walks away) 
 (Shawn walks back over) 
 Shawn: (Puts his arm around Cory’s shoulders) So, how’s it feel to have the power back, huh? (Cory looks around sadly) 
 [SCENE – Turner’s classroom before class. Cory and Shawn sit on two desks, talking before any other student have arrived] 
 Cory: This makes now sense. Sweet, beautiful, never-hurt-anyone Topanga Lawrence dumped me. 
 Shawn: I was wrong. 
 Cory: I thought we’d be together forever. 
 Shawn: I thought I’d never be wrong. 
 Cory: (Looks to Shawn, agitated) This isn’t about you! 
 Shawn: Wrong again. (Stands) I’ll deal with my pain on my own time. (Paces to Cory’s other side) Cor, let’s reenact the night of the date, maybe there’s something I missed. 
 Cory: Well, we were in the backroom at Chubbie’s, holding hands… 
 Shawn: (Interrupting) Some on. Show me exactly. Pretend I’m Topanga. (Tugs Cory’s shirt so he stands) (Holds out hands expectingly) 
 Cory: (Looks at Shawn’s hands, shakes head) Not gonna. 
 Shawn: You want answers? Do it. There’s nobody around, just do it, come on. (Cory half-heartedly takes one of Shawn’s hands and looks at the floor. Shawn takes Cory’s hand with both of his) Big hands. Okay… (Pause) Cory, how do you feel about me? 
 Cory: (Timidly, glancing between Shawn and the floor) Well… I want you to know… 
 Shawn: Yeah? 
 Cory: That… I love you. (Looks up at Shawn, then sees the crowd of spectators in the doorway. Among them is the jock Shawn handed the flowers to, still holding them. Upset, the jock throws the flowers at the floor and storms off) 
 Shawn: (To spectators) Can’t a couple of guys have a little privacy? (The spectators disperse) (To Cory) So what did you do after Topanga said she loved you? 
 Cory: Well, she never actually said it back. 
 Shawn: She didn’t? 
 Cory: No. Isn’t that strange? 
 Shawn: (Elatedly) No, this is great! You left out the most important part of the puzzle! 
 Cory: (Excitedly) So now you can help me? 
 Shawn: Are you kidding me? It’s over. (The bell rings, Shawn looks out the door) Look, Cory, here she comes. Don’t let her know you’re hurting so bad. Laugh with me. (Sits) 
 Cory: What? 
 Shawn: Laugh! (As Topanga walks by, Cory and Shawn burst into forced laughter as Cory sits. Topanga stops at her desk and looks at Cory icily. The laughter stops and Cory’s smile quickly changes into a depressed expression) 
 (Turner and Eli both enter with the last of the students) 
 Turner: (As he enters with Eli) Matthews, Hunter. Stand up. 
 Shawn: (Nonchalantly) I didn’t do it. 
 Turner: (Arrives at his desk with Eli) Get up. (Cory and Shawn stand) Hunter, who’s your best friend? 
 Shawn: (Slight pause)(As though in the army) You are, sir!! 
 Turner: Matthews, who’s your best friend? 
 Cory: Shawn is. 
 Turner: What do we do to people who mess with our best friends? 
 Cory: Kill ‘em? 
 Turner: You’re right. (To class) And with that, I would like to introduce Mr. Eli Williams, your new media arts teacher. And my best friend. Mess with him and die. (Turns to Eli) Eli? 
 Eli: (Steps forward) Thanks, John. (Freezes, as the whole class is staring at him) Now what? 
 Turner: You’re the teacher. 
 Eli: Okay, um… (To class) Well, I guess, if nothing else, I’m here to teach you to find the truth in the media. Because there is a difference between what they say and what is real. 
 Turner: (Very quietly, to Eli)(Smiling and nodding) That was very good. Watch this. (Turns to the class) Hunter! What did he just say? 
 Shawn: Something about Israel? 
 
 
 
 Turner: (Smile broadens, turns to Eli) Is that great? 
 Eli: (After a pause) (To class) I mean, let’s face it. TVs and newspapers are not always honest and without honesty, well, you’re nowhere. 
 Cory: (Stands) Honest? Let me tell you a little story about a kid from Philly who was honest. You see, he said what was in his heart, and then the fu… (Realizes what he’s doing) Oh, I’m sorry, was that out loud? (Sits) 
 Eli: Okay, back to Israel. 
 [SCENE – Matthews’ kitchen. Amy is clearing the table when Cory enters from the backyard, bags in hand] 
 Amy: Cory, dinner was over a half-hour ago. 
 Cory: (Disinterested) Yeah, it was delicious, Mom. (Goes to table) 
 Amy: Cory, what’s wrong? 
 Cory: I might as well tell you. (Sits) I mean, you’re gonna hear about it anyway. See, last night I was out with Topanga. We were having a real nice time, so I figured, “Why not go for it?” 
 Amy: (Nervously) Go for it? Cory, wh-what are you saying? 
 Cory: I went too far with Topanga. 
 Amy: (To self) Oh my god… (To Cory) How did this happen? 
 Cory: (Shrugs) She looked so pretty, Mom, and there we were all alone… in the backroom at Chubbie’s. (Amy shatters the cup she was cradling) Mom! (Stands) No, no, that’s not what happened. 
 Amy: (Looks up to Cory) Well… alright then. 
 Cory: Look, I just told Topanga I loved her and she didn’t feel the same way. 
 (Enter Christi with Eric behind her, carrying two large shopping bags) 
 Christi: Hi, Mrs. Matthews. Sweet little Cory. Guess where we were. (Steps back, takes Eric’s arm) 
 Eric: (Meagerly) Pottery Barn. 
 Cory: Where? 
 Eric: Pottery Barn. Pottery Barn! 
 Christi: Eric, show them the ceramic cat. 
 Eric: (Through clenched teeth and frustrated laughter) Later… 
 Christi: (Pulls Eric by the arm halfway through the room, then stops) Tell me again. 
 Eric: (Clearly lying) I love you. (Christi exits, Eric takes two steps before leaning back to Cory) I’m gonna make you eat that ceramic cat. (Takes a few more steps, then goes back to Cory) You can wash it down the with napkin holders! (Exits) 
 [SCENE – Chubbie’s. Cory and Shawn talk at a table] 
 Cory: I miss her, Shawn. I really miss her. 
 Shawn: You gotta let it go, Cor. 
 Cory: But everything reminds me of her. 
 Shawn: (Cory imagines that Shawn looks exactly like Topanga) Cor, don’t do this to yourself. Get her out of your head. There is no Topanga. 
 Cory: (Shakes head slightly) You have no idea… 
 Shawn: Look, Cory, everybody gets dumped. 
 Cory: Have you ever been dumped? 
 Shawn: Me? Are you kidding? I’m Shawn. 
 Cory: I need to be alone. I gotta think about this. 
 Shawn: Fair enough. (Stands) But before I go, I got one more thing to say. (In French) Il vaut mieux d'avoir a aimé et a perdu que pour avoir jamais a aimé du tout. (And, via subtitles, we know this translates to “It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.”) 
 Cory: That was nice. What did you say? 
 Shawn: (Shrugs) I don’t know. I just speak it, I don’t understand it. Later. (Exits) 
 (Enter Eli and Turner from upstairs) 
 Eli: This place? It’s crawling with kids. 
 Turner: Yeah, they spray once a month but they keep coming back. 
 Eli: Now I’m real hungry. 
 Turner: Come on, man, the food here’s not that bad. Besides, I don’t mind hanging with the kids, y’know? (Sits at a booth with Eli) Make myself available in case there’s ever anything they want to talk about. 
 Eli: (Sees Cory across the room) Hey, hey, hey. There’s that weird kid that freaked on me during class. 
 Turner: Yeah, Matthews. 
 Eli: What was that about? 
 Turner: Go ask him? 
 Eli: Oh, right. Then he answers, we bond, and I have myself a little fourteen-year-old friend? No thanks. It’s not gonna happen. 
 Turner: Hey, whatever you say, man. 
 Eli: (Peers into a menu) So the food here is good? 
 Turner: Oh, yeah, sure. (Pause) I’ll, uh, talk to Chubbie, see if he’ll order out for us. (Walks away) 
 Eli: (Looks at Cory for a moment, then gets up and walks over) Matthews, right? (Cory turns to Eli, smiles, then looks away) So that freaking out stuff, that was just for the new guy? 
 Cory: Sorry about that. I’m sort of having a bad day. 
 Eli: (Sarcastically) Really? ‘Cause you hide it so well. 
 Cory: See, I told my girlfriend I loved her and she dumped me. I shouldn’t have said anything. 
 Eli: Well, didn’t you mean it? 
 Cory: Well, of course I meant it. She knows that. 
 Eli: (Sits across from Cory) Then you’ve got nothing to apologize for. 
 Cory: Yeah, I got nothing. No girlfriend, no jean jacket. 
 Eli: Why did she break it off? 
 Cory: She didn’t say. All she said was, “It’s over.” What I can’t figure out is… (Pause) Look, I know she cares about me, too. 
 Eli: Sounds like she’s not being honest. There’s more story out there, go find it. 
 Cory: What’s the use? She won’t come back to me. 
 Eli: Yeah, maybe not. But without the truth, you got nothing. And without your jacket, well, you’re just cold. 
 Cory: (Smiles) Y’know, I’m sort of glad I freaked out on you today. 
 Eli: (Smiles) Alright, get out of here. (Cory stands to leave) Matthews, just keep it honest. (Cory exits, passing  Turner, who saw their conversation) (Noticing Turner, calling up the stairs to Cory) And don’t come back here begging me for advice either, man! (Turner, nodded, steps forth and pats Eli’s back approvingly) 
 [SCENE – Topanga’s room. She is laying on her bed, writing in her notebook, when Cory enters through the second-story window] 
 Topanga: (Sits up) Cory, what are you doing here? 
 Cory: Look, Topanga, now that it’s over between us there are a few things of mine that I want back. (Looks around, goes over to Topanga’s coat rack and takes his jean jacket) My jean jacket. 
 Topanga: (Stands) Fine, take it. Now go. 
 Cory: No. (Drops jacket) There’s one more thing. (Approaches Topanga) 
 Topanga: I don’t have anything else of yours. 
 Cory: Yeah, you do. You have all my feelings about you and I don’t have any of yours. So everything I’ve ever thought about you, I want back. 
 Topanga: What are you talking about? 
 Cory: I mean, I thought I could open up to you and tell you how I feel. So I said I loved you, so what? It was the truth. And you just blew me off without any explanation. Without telling me how you feel. (Pause) Y’know, I thought I knew you, Topanga. (Steps back) But I was wrong. (Turns to the window) 
 Topanga: I was scared. 
 Cory: (Turns back) What? 
 Topanga: You wanted to know how I feel. I was scared. 
 Cory: Of me? 
 Topanga: No. Of what you said. I mean, we’re only fourteen years old. (Sits on bed, thinking) These feelings… When… When did you know? 
 Cory: Promise you won’t laugh. (Sits on bed with Topanga) Do you remember the time when we were in my backyard chasing fireflies? And you had, like, twenty in your jar, and I had one with a broken bulb. And then Eric came outside and started teasing us… 
 Topanga: He said, “Cory loves Topanga.” And you said, “Yuck. I hate her.” 
 Cory: That’s when I knew. 
 Topanga: Cory, we were only six. 
 Cory: (Shrugs) Who cares? 
 Topanga: How could you know then? I’m not even sure I know what “I love you” means now. 
 Cory: Look. All I know is you and I belong together. I mean, I have always been able to talk to you, to make you laugh, and I’ve always, always wanted to take care of you. (Topanga, thinking once more, pulls her legs into her chest) (Cory stands) Alright. Topanga, I’ve been completely honest with you. (Takes jacket) So… I got my jean jacket so I’ll leave you alone. (Walks towards the window to leave) 
 Topanga: (Stands) So that’s what “I love you” means? 
 Cory: (Turns) Yeah. (Long pause) Bye. (Turns back to window) 
 Topanga: Cory? 
 Cory: (Turns back) Uh-huh? 
 Topanga: (Smiling) I love you too. 
 Cory: I was always hoping you did. (Climbs through the window) 
 (The shot then focuses on Topanga, staring at Cory as he exits. She then sits on her bed and catches the jean jacket flung at her, presumably by Cory) 
 [TAG – Matthews’ backyard. Eric and Christi are sitting on the bench, talking] 
 Eric: Christi, we should rethink this whole “I love you” thing. ‘Cause it only leads to heartache. Take my little brother Cory. 
 Christi: The adorable one? 
 Eric: Yeah, him. I mean, he goes off and tells his girlfriend he loves her. What does it get him? They don’t even speak anymore. I’m telling you, those words are death to any relationship. So, uh, let’s just pretend it never happened, okay? (Takes Christi’s hand) 
 (Enter Cory and Topanga from the house, arm in arm) 
 Cory: Uh, tell Mom and Dad I’m walking Topanga home. And I’m taking the long route. (Exits with Topanga, still arm in arm) 
 Eric: (Stands, holds out elbow for Christi to take) Pottery Barn? 
 Christi: (Stands, smiling widely) I love you, Eric Matthews. 
 Eric: And I love you, Christi… eeee… (Christi looks at him expectingly) Uh,,, (Chuckles uncomfortably) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 