Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x19 - I Was a Teenage Spy - Boy Meets World 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x19 - I Was a Teenage Spy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1037&t=43793 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/21 08:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x19 - I Was a Teenage Spy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Opening Credits 
 [SCENE – Chubby’s. Cory enters and is stopped by Mr. Turner and Mr. Williams, who are each holding a stack of flyers.] 
 Mr. Williams: Matthews! Just the man we wanted to see. 
 Cory: Don’t you guys get enough of me at school? 
 Mr. Turner: Yeah, more than. How would you like to help a couple of teachers hand out some flyers? 
 Cory: I wouldn’t. 
 Mr. Williams: Alright, thanks a lot (He and Mr. Turner hand their flyers to Cory and exit) 
 Cory: (Walks over to a table where Shawn and Topanga sit while reading the flyers) Hey guys, this year’s spring dance is a 50’s sock hop, like anyone would want to go to this. Topanga, you wanna go to this? 
 Topanga: No. 
 Cory: Of course not. It’s me, right? Just because we’re not going out anymore you don’t wanna go out anymore. What’s that about? 
 Topanga: Cory, it’s about the decision we made. To just be friends and I don’t think we should complicate that. 
 Cory: Topanga it’s a dance! It’s socks! What’s complicated about that? 
 Topanga: Cory, you’re the one who broke up with me! Don’t you understand that? 
 Cory: Of course I do, I know exactly where we stand. And if you’re not careful, I’ll break up with you again. 
 Topanga: Cory, you’ve gotta stop living in the past. (gets up and exits) 
 Shawn: She’s right, Cor. 
 Cory: No, she’s not, Shawn, come on! Are you going to finish that? (Points to soda) 
 Shawn: It’s your buddy. 
 Cory: (taking the soda) Of course it is, because you’re my friend and I’m your friend. That’s the way it’ll always be and there’s nothing complicated about that. (Stares at Shawn’s fries) 
 Shawn: You want my fries? 
 Cory: Only if you’re not gonna finish them. (Takes the fries) 
 [SCENE – Matthews’ kitchen. Morgan and Alan are at the table. Amy is getting coffee. Eric is messing with the microwave.] 
 Eric: Hey, what’s with this microwave? 
 Amy: I unplugged it. It’s been making this weird sound. 
 Alan: What kind of weird sound? (Eric plugs in the microwave. The lights flicker, the microwave light flashed bright, there is a buzzing noise, and Cory yells from upstairs) 
 Cory: (Jumps down the stairs into view) Power surge. My computer crashed. Somebody plugged something in. 
 Eric: Here, Morgan, hold this. (Hands microwave cord to Morgan) 
 Morgan: (acting) It was me, I did it. 
 Cory: Dad, my term paper on the space race is gone. Now I gotta come up with ten pages on Sputnik and I got nothing. 
 Alan: Um, Sputnik was the first satellite launched by the Russians. 1957. 
 Amy: It was a famous day in history. It created this big panic because everybody thought that the Russians were putting up a spy satellite. 
 Alan: Yeah, they were just experimenting, y’know, for space travel. 
 Cory: How do you know so much? You’re a grocer. 
 Amy: (fake Russian accent) We’re really Russian spies, right Boris? (puts arms around Alan’s shoulders.) 
 Alan: (fake Russian accent) Yes, Natasha. 
 (enter Feeny) 
 Feeny: I heard a scream. 
 Cory: Oh, Mr. Feeny, don’t expect to get my paper on time. 
 Feeny: I never do. 
 Cory: See, the problem is no one understands how hard I have it. 
 Feeny: Oh, forgive us Mr. Matthews. 
 Cory: Yeah! I mean computer glitches, girlfriend glitches, you guys (turns to Alan & Amy) had it so easy going to high school way back in the 50’s. 
 Alan: Um, seventies. 
 Amy: Late seventies. 
 Feeny: I was there, Mr. Matthews. Communist witch hunts, mass paranoia, people diving under desks, fear the bomb was going to drop. It wasn’t quite the happy days you think. 
 Cory: Yeah, well maybe you didn’t have a good time, but I bet I would’ve. (Plugs in microwave and is zapped to Chubby’s in the fifties, which is called Slim’s. The cord he was plugging in becomes a juke box cord. It is unplugged and the music slows to a stop). 
 TL: (Topanga’s double. She has huge hair) (She’s with other dancing fifties students) Hey, Howdie Doodie, we’re dancing here. Why’d ya pull the plug? 
 Cory: Oh, sorry. (Plugs the juke box in, music starts) (To TL) Topanga, is this the sock hop? Did you decide to come with me? 
 TL: What’re you, cracked? I don’t date guys I don’t know. 
 Cory: What do you mean you don’t know? 
 Slim: (The owner, behind the bar) Hey, hey, hey you zoo full of weirdies. Shake a leg, time to get back to school. (Everyone but Cory & Slim exit) 
 Cory: Wait a minute, where am I? (Walks to bar) Excuse me. What year is this? 
 Slim: It’s 1957. What’s the matter, kid, ya flip your wig? 
 Cory: (To self, happily) It’s happened! I’m here! Great Caesar’s ghost, I’ve gone back in time! (Running exit) 
 [SCENE – John Adam’s high in the fifties] 
 Cory: It’s really the fifties. This is… hunkie dorie! (Sees Shawnzie and approaches) Hey, hey, hey alright. You’re here, too. (Hold out hand to shake) 
 Shawnzie: (Shawn’s double, has a leather jacket and gelled hair) (Knocks Cory’s hand away) Hey, hey. Don’t handle the merchandise unless you intend on paying the price. 
 Cory: Shawn, come on, it’s me. 
 Shawnzie: First of all, I don’t know who “me” is. And second of all, it ain’t Shawn, it’s Shawnzie. (Flips collar) 
 Cory: But Shawn we’re best friends. 
 Shawnzie: See, I don’t have any friends. I’m a loner. (Walks away) 
 Cory: (Following Shawnzie) No, you’re not, okay, you just think you are but deep down you really need a good buddy who’s always gonna be there for you. 
 Shawnzie: Okay, buddy boy, why don’t you hold this. (Hands him a ping pong paddle) 
 Cory: Ping pong, huh? I love ping pong. Got a ball? (Just then, 50’s Feeny walks out the principal’s office and a box of ping pong balls falls on his head.) 
 50’s Feeny: Shawnzie Hunterelli. I warned you that your next shenanigan would be your last. 
 Cory: It’s wasn’t him, it was me. 
 50’s Feeny: Ah, a new student trying to make a name for himself, eh? And that name is? 
 Shawnzie: He doesn’t know you, be smart, make one up. 
 Cory: My name is Brad Pitt, sir. 
 50’s Feeny: Well, Mr. Pittser. If you want to keep your nose clean around here, I suggest that you steer clear of bad apples like this (gestures to Shawnzie) Johnny Rottenseed. 
 Shawnzie: Pittser. You piped up for me when you didn’t have to. 
 Cory: We help each other out, I mean, that’s what we’ve always done, Shawn… zie 
 Shawnzie: Well if I was the type of guy that said thank you I would. 
 Cory: You’re welcome. 
 Shawnzie: But I’m not that type of guy. (Walks away) 
 [Cut to 50’s Feeny and TL. 50’s Feeny is measuring TL’s gigantic hair] 
 50’s Feeny: Young lady, your hair is far too high. A clear violation of school policy and a hazard to all low flying aircraft. 
 TL: If I seen an air-o-plane, I’ll duck. Alright? 
 50’s Feeny: (Opens garbage.) And spit out that gum! (TL does so, then shoves another stick in her mouth) 
 Cory: Topanga, there you are. 
 TL: (Throws Cory against locker and holds him there) Listen, Archie. The name’s TL. 
 Cory: As in Topanga Lawrence. 
 TL: As in tough luck for suckers who don’t know better. (Pats his cheek threateningly, and walks away) 
 Cory: I’m in love. (Bell rings) 
 50’s Turner: (Enter from classroom, clapping hands) Alright, you guys, I heard a bell. That’s means everyone into class (points to classroom) now. (No one moves) Come on, it’s my first day, you’re gonna make me look bad. 
 [SCENE – 50’s Turner’s classroom. No one is behaving. People are throwing paper balls, talking, and not sitting at their desks.] 
 50’s Turner: Alright, settle! Settle! (Gets hit with paper ball) What does it take to calm you kids down? 
 Shawnzie: (Snaps fingers and everyone sits quietly) Go ahead, teach. Make your mama proud. 
 50’s Turner: Today’s topic for discussion: what will life be like in 40 years? 
 Cory: (To self) Oh, yes! (Pumps fists) 
 50’s Turner: Okay, who wants to go first? Young lady (gestures towards TL), your hair is up. (TL shakes her head) How about you, Shawnzie? What do you think like will be like in 40 years? 
 Shawnzie: I don’t know. I don’t know what I’m having for lunch. 
 50’s Turner: That was this closer to a shenanigan (points at Shawn) (Cory raises his hand. 50’s Turner points to him) We have a volunteer. 
 Cory: You bet you do. Forty years from now I can say with total confidence a man will walk on the moon, pizza will have cheese baked right into the crust, and men and women will be equal partners in the workplace and in their relationships. (Looks at TL) 
 50’s Turner: What an imagination. Tell us more about that pizza. 
 Cory: That’s all I got. 
 50’s Turner: Good enough, because right now it’s time to put on our helmets (Puts on white helmet) and practice civil defense drills. (Collective class moan) The atomic bomb falls, we see a brilliant flash, now, what do we do? 
 Class: We duck and cover. 
 50’s Turner: Correct. Here we go. (Inches towards window) Flash! (Waves hands over window. The whole class, with the exception of Cory, puts their hands on their heads and gets under their desks) (To Cory) You’re dead, Brad. 
 Cory: Mr. Turner, you’re telling me that if the atomic bomb falls, I’ll be safe if I go like this (Puts arms over his head) 
 50’s Turner: No, no, no! You gotta drop to the ground (kneels in front of desk), duck under desk, curdle up, cover neck (Gets under desk)… 
 Cory: …And kiss your butt goodbye. (Class laughs and gets up) 
 50’s Turner: Alright. Who said that? Who said… uttbay? 
 Shawnzie: I did, Mr. Turner. I said… butt. 
 50’s Turner: That’s it. This time you’ve gone too far, Hunterelli. 
 Cory: For saying butt? 
 Shawnzie: (To Cory) This one’s on me. 
 Cory: How come? 
 Shawnzie: It’s what we’ve always done. (50’s Turner grabs him by the ear and pulls him out of the room) Oh, the ear thing. 
 [SCENE – John Adam High in the fifties. Cory is on the payphone in the hall] 
 Cory: Hello, Dean Witter, please? (pause) Speaking? Um, yes, I’d like to by some Xerox stock. (pause) Never heard of it, huh? What about IBM? (pause) Selling at a nickel a share I’ll take ‘em all! 
 [Cut to 50’s Eric & 50’s Feeny (henceforth relied to as Eric & Feeny). They enter together, talking] 
 Eric: Here’s my dilemma: I’ve been accepted to both Harvard and Yale. You’re my mentor, what’s your advice? 
 Feeny: You’d be a fine student at either institution. 
 Eric: Oh, undoubtedly I would. But they’ve asked me to teach. 
 Feeny: Well as you know, Mr. Matthews, there are no females at Harvard. 
 Eric: Well I wouldn’t want anything to distract me from my intellectual pursuits. Harvard it is. (Walks away) 
 Feeny: (Turns to Cory) Ah! Young Pittser, enjoying your first day? 
 Cory: Oh, yes I am, thank you, but about Shawnzie Hunterelli… 
 TL: (Enter, running) (Interrupting Cory) Why?! Mr. Feeny, why?! Why you sending Shawnzie off to a reform school. He’ll rot in there, I tell you, rot, rot, rot. 
 Cory: Yeah, can’t you give him another chance? 
 Feeny: Mr. Hunterelli has run out of chances (Turns to TL) and as for you, missy, I suggest you mend your wayward ways and spit out that gum. (Opens can, TL spits out gum, exits) (TL shoves another stick of gum in her mouth) 
 Cory: Man. Y’know things around here aren’t as perfect as I thought they’d be. 
 TL: Well I say we blow this dump and head down to Slim’s and grab a burger. 
 Cory: I got a better idea. How about we go to the zoo and see the giraffes. 
 TL: And why would I want to do a thing like that, huh? 
 Cory: And after the zoo we can get some rocky road ice cream. 
 TL: Hey, who do you think you are thinking I like them giraffes and rocky road ice cream out of nowhere like this, huh? 
 Cory: Topanga, I know you better than anybody. 
 TL: I told you. Quit calling me Topanga. (Cory stares lovingly) And stop looking at me like that. (Still staring) You’re giving me the heebie jeebies. 
 Feeny: (Rushes in) Everyone! Quiet! I have dire news. The Russians have launched a satellite. (Crowd gasp) Our government believes it to be a spy satellite with an atomic warhead. 
 50’s Turner: (henceforth known as Mr. Turner) (Enters in a panic, wearing a white helmet) Flash! (Everyone but Cory drops to the floor) 
 Cory: (To self) Russian satellite, 1957. (To group) Hey, guys? Guys, relax, okay? It’s only Sputnik. 
 Turner: (grasping helmet) Sputnik? 
 Cory: Yeah, my parents told me all about it. It’s not a bomb and it’s not for spying, the Russians are just doing some space travel experiments. 
 Feeny: Are they? 
 Cory: Yea! And this arms race thing, trust me, where I’m from no one even worries about it. (Everyone slowly gets up) 
 Feeny: Where would that be, Mr. Pittser? Moscow? 
 Turner: (Pointing) Grab that boy! Bradley Pittser’s a spy! (Eric steps forward and grabs him) 
 Cory: Eric, please, I’m your brother. 
 Eric: Yeah, comrade, you mean. It doesn’t take a Harvard genius (turns to crowd, suddenly friendlier) and future captain of industry like myself (back to Cory, dark) to realize you’re a traitor to these United States. 
 Cory: (After pause) Flash! (Everyone ducks and covers while Cory escapes, hopping over crouched people) 
 [SCENE – John Adam’s High in the fifties. Everyone’s looking for Cory] 
 Eric: Alright, that spy couldn’t have gotten far. (All but Shawnzie & TL exit) 
 TL: All clear. (Shawnzie bangs the locker behind him, it opens, revealing Cory) 
 Cory: That was right there (Taps between eyes) 
 Shawnzie: Perfect aim. 
 TL: Come on, you two, we gotta scram before that bunch comes back. 
 Cory: Yeah, but they’ll recognize me. 
 TL: Not in this clever disguise, they won’t. (Puts eyebrows & mustache glasses on Cory) (Running exit for Shawnzie, Cory, and TL) 
 [SCENE – Outside’s Cory’s house in the fifties. Running entrance for Cory, Shawnzie, & TL. Cory removes glasses as he enters] 
 Shawnzie: So, uh, why did you want to come here? 
 Cory: Because this is my home and whenever things get crazy this is the one place I can count on. 
 TL: Why? Is this the secret headquarters for you and the rest of the Russian spies? 
 Cory: I’m not a Russian spy. 
 Shawnzie: Hey! Hey, whatever. Friends don’t need to explain nothing. 
 Cory: I thought you didn’t have friends. 
 Shawnzie: I didn’t. Now I do. 
 Cory: (To TL) So, TL, I guess this is goodbye, huh? (Stares at TL lovingly) 
 TL: I thought I told you not to look at me like that. (Punches him playfully) 
 Cory: Sorry… I just can’t help it. 
 Eric: (Amongst barking dogs in the background) (From the background, to dogs) Come on! You can find one Russian spy, you’re Harvard trained dogs! 
 Cory: (Enters kitchen in house, Shawnzie and TL leave) Mom? Dad? (Sees brownies on table) Yes! Homemade brownies. Okay, everything’s gonna be alright. 
 (enter 50’s Morgan from upstairs) 
 50’s Morgan: Uh-uh-uh! Mom said no one can touch those brownies till after dinner. 
 Cory: Morgan, where’s mom and dad? 
 Morgan: Mom’s out, but dad’s upstairs. 
 (enter “Dad”) 
 “Dad”: Hey, kids! 
 Morgan: Daddy! 
 “Dad”: (To Morgan) Hey, kitten. (To Cory) Hi, son. (To both) Here, here’s your allowance (Gives each some money) 
 Cory: But I’m not your son. 
 “Dad”: Well then give me back my dime. 
 Cory: (knocking at door) Y’know what? I bet that’s my dad. Dad! (Opens door) 
 Anson: No, Anson Williams. (Shakes Cory’s hand & steps in) 
 Cory: What do you mean? That you’re… 
 Anson: (serious) No.  Anson Williams. Like I said I was, Anson Williams. Now, Who’d you think I was? Let’s just drop it, alright? 
 “Dad”: Just calm down, young fella, and have a nice brownie. (Holds plate in front of Anson) 
 Anson: Oh, Thanks, Mr. B. (Takes a brownie and takes a bite) 
 “Dad”: What’s the matter with you, son, you look like you’ve lost something. 
 Cory: I have. My entire life. 
 Morgan: (From across the room) I can cheer you up (Starts hoola-hooping) 
 Anson: Y’know, when I was down in the dumps, my parents used to say… Come to think of it I didn’t have any parents. Not even a house. I hung out at other peoples’ houses. Not bad, really. 
 Morgan: (Sitting at table) Oh, Daddy, dearest. 
 
 
 
 “Dad”: Yes, snowflake? 
 Morgan: Here’s something you gotta see. (Shows him newspaper. The headline is “Curly-Headed Spy On The Lam!” and there’s a picture of scared Cory below it. ) 
 Cory: (“Dad” looks up at him suspiciously) It’s not true! (Puts up hands) 
 “Dad”: (Anson inspects newspaper) Of course, it’s not. (Goes over to phone, picks it up and talks) FBI? (pause) J. Edgar Hoover, please. (pause) J. Edgar! Tom! I’m here with Anson Williams and a Russian spy! (Quietly) …ixnay on the azipay… 
 Morgan: (Points at Cory) You’re going to jail, spy! 
 “Dad”: Now, now, Morgan. (Puts hands on Cory’s shoulders reassuringly) He may be a Russian spy, but until they come and haul him off, he’s still our guest. 
 [SCENE – Jail cell. Cory is inside banging a cup against the bars. A guard is there, too] 
 Cory: You don’t understand, copper. I’m not a Russian spy, this is my country. I’m from these her United States. 
 Guard: (Standing in front of cell) Hey, spy. You got visitors. They claim to be your folks. 
 (Enter 50’s Alan and 50’s Amy) 
 Cory: Mom! Dad! Please, tell him you know me. 
 Amy: (to guard) Well of course we do, (turns to Alan) don’t we Alan? 
 Alan: Well, I think we’d know our own son. (mimics shooting gun at Cory playfully) 
 Cory: (returns Alan’s gesture) You see? Their own son, finally… (To his parents) I gotta tell you guys this nightmare is getting way out of hand. (The guard walks away, Alan & Amy step very close to the cell) 
 Amy: (Russian accent) Do you have the papers? 
 Cory: Papers? 
 Alan: (Russian accent) On the American Space Program. 
 Cory: What, you mean, like, term paper? Whoa, whoa, whoa, why you guys talking like Boris and Natasha? 
 Amy: (To Alan) (Russian accent) Good. He knows our secret codenames. (To Cory) Here. Take muffin (Hands Cory muffin) 
 Cory: Oh, I get it. It contains a secret transmitter. During the night you’ll contact me and break me out. 
 Amy: (Russian Accent) No, boobula, is to eat. You are too thin. You need to be strong for when they savagely torture you. 
 Alan: (Russian Accent) And if they don’t, of course, our people will. 
 Cory: I’m not seeing any upside here. 
 Guard: (Alarm goes of) (Gets up from desk and runs over to cell) Oh no! It’s the big one! (Opens cell) Duck and cover! (He, Amy, and Alan run inside cell and duck and cover under bed). 
 Cory: (Steps out of cell and closes door behind him) (To TL and Shawnzie, who just entered) You guys set off the alarm? 
 TL: (Holding something big under a sheet) Yes. 
 Shawnzie: Now come on, let’s get off this rock. 
 Cory: But what about the FBI, they’ll recognize me. 
 TL: (Removes sheet, it’s a mascot chicken head) Not in this clever chicken disguise they won’t. (Placed it on Cory’s head) Just cluck a lot and blend. (Running exit for all three. Cory flaps his arms.) 
 [SCENE – Shawnzie’s make out pad – Enter Cory, Shawnzie, and TL. The room is dark and dirty. There are sheets over all the furniture.] 
 Shawnzie: You’ll be safe here in my make out pad. (Cory removes chicken head) It’s been abandoned for years. 
 TL: What girl would come to make out here? 
 Shawnzie: (Flips switch. Lights come on. Sheet flies of juke box, romantic music plays. Sheet also flies off couch and a girl in the corner) And it’s rent controlled. (Shawnzie and girl sit on the couch and make out) 
 TL: (To Cory) So, how’d you get into the spy racket? 
 Cory: I’m not a Russian spy, okay? My name is Cory Matthews. I’m from the future. And I can prove it. My mom sews my name into my underwear. (Shows TL) 
 TL: I’ll take a look. (Looks) Eric Matthews? 
 Cory: Oh, this days just keeps getting worse and worse. 
 TL: Look, whoever you are, wherever you’re from, it doesn’t really matter. What matters is that you’re here. (Kisses him passionately) 
 Cory: What was that for? 
 TL: I like to go to the zoo and look at the giraffes. And sometimes at night when my friends are all out on dates and I’m not because I haven’t found that right boy, yet, I drown my sorrows in a bowl of rocky road ice cream. (after a pause) Do me a favor, would ya? 
 Cory: Anything you want. 
 TL: Would ya look at me that way I don’t like. 
 Cory: I thought you said it scared you. 
 TL: It does. (They kiss passionately again) 
 Radio: We interrupt this program to bring you this news flash. The manhunt for teenage fugitive spy Brad Pittser continues. The coast guard’s on alert. (Shawnzie shuts off radio) 
 Cory: Y’know, I don’t understand it here. Where I’m from we’re not so worried about bombs and satellites and Russian spies. I mean, there are problems, sure, but most of the people get along. It’s pretty good where I from. I mean… better than I thought. (Cue police sirens) Now all I wanna do is go back. Isn’t there some way out of here? 
 Shawnzie: (To TL) Wise man? 
 TL: (To Shawnzie) Wise man. (They all exit) 
 [SCENE – Slim’s. Cory, Shawnzie, and TL all enter] 
 Cory: Wise man? (Shawnzie points, Cory walks up to Hep Cat) Excuse me, Mr. Wise Man. 
 Hep Cat: (Mr. Williams’s double) (Holds up hand to stop him) I am playing a song, man! (Hits one bongo, waits a moment, then hits the other) Alright, Now I’m finished. (Audience snaps as applause) 
 Cory: Wait a minute, you’re the Wise Man? 
 Hep Cat: No, I am clearly the Hep Cat. (Points to Chinese Guy) Now that, there is the Wise Man. 
 Shawnzie: Yo, Mr. Wise Man. Um… Our friend here is in a lot of trouble and we figured that you were the only one… 
 Wise Man: (Interrupts) Wise Man see… Young boy in trouble, now wants to go back. Ahhh… Young boy name: Matthews. 
 Cory: Amazing. So, can you help me? 
 Wise Man: How did you get here? 
 Cory: Well, the last thing I remember I was plugging in the microwave and I must’ve gotten a shock or something… 
 Wise Man: (Holds up finger to stop him) Wise Man says, best way out is the way you came in. 
 Shawnzie & TL: Huh? 
 Wise Man: Get another microwave oven and give yourself another shock! (Takes off striped robe and head band. He has an apron on underneath) Listen, I ain’t got time for all this. I got customers. (Steps down from stage) (To customers) You guys gonna order something or you gonna sit here all day? (Puts on busboy hat) 
 Cory: Wait a minute. He works here? 
 Hep Cat: (To Cory) Wise Man gotta make a living. (Walks away) 
 Cory: (To Shawnzie & TL) A shock. Why didn’t I think of that. 
 Wise Man: You did! This is your fantasy. (Walks away) 
 Shawnzie: Well, um, I know you gotta go back but, uh… I sure hate to lose a friend like you. 
 Cory: You won’t. I mean I think we can be friend just about any time. 
 TL: (Tugs Cory’s sweater) So. I guess this is really goodbye, huh? 
 Cory: Yeah, I think so. 
 TL: Cause, you know if you stayed I could really make it worth your while… 
 Cory: (Laughs uncomfortably) Could you hold that thought for about forty years? Aw, heck, you’ll never find out about this anyway. (They kiss passionately) (Cue sirens and barking dogs) Okay, I gotta get out of here. Wait a minute… It’s 1957 there is no microwave! 
 Wise Man: (From across the room) Oopsie! 
 Eric: (Enters down stairs, blowing whistle. Feeny is behind him) There he is! 
 Feeny: Another A+, Mr. Matthews. 
 Cory: (Everyone is pointing and chanting “Spy! Spy!”) No. I’m Cory! I’m Cory! I’m Cory! (Backs into wall and hit head. Sinks to the floor) 
 [SCENE – Matthew’s living room, present. Cory is lying on the couch sleeping. Alan, Amy, Eric, Shawn, and Morgan are all there.] 
 Amy: Cory? Cory? Cory, honey, are you alright? 
 Cory: (Sleep talk) I’m not Brad Pitt. I’m not Brad Pitt! 
 Morgan: Well, duh! 
 Alan: (Cory wakes up and sits up quickly) Easy, easy pal. You had quite a jolt, there. 
 Shawn: Yeah. You were out cold. 
 Cory: (To Shawn) Shawnzie? 
 Shawn: Yessie? 
 Cory: You’re always there for me, aren’t you? 
 Shawn: Hey. (Gives thumbs up) 
 Amy: (Cory looks around) What are you looking for, Cor? 
 Cory: She’s here. I know she’s here. 
 (enter Topanga) 
 Topanga: (Carrying ice bag) Hey, I got you some more ice. (Sits on couch next to Cory) You okay? (Cory stares lovingly) Why are you looking at me like that? 
 Cory: I will always look at you like this. 
 Topanga: Well stop. 
 Cory: Why? 
 Topanga: Because you’re giving me the heebie jeebies. 
 Cory: Good. 
 [TAG – Cory is working on a lap top in the kitchen. Eric enters from upstairs] 
 Cory: Eric. I’m almost done with my term paper on the space program. 
 Eric: (Sees screen) You’ll be all done if you don’t plug that in. The batteries are low, man. 
 Cory: Eric, Eric, thank you. You saved my life. (Takes cord and plugs it in. Lights dim and Cory receives a shock. He unplugs the computer) Uh-oh. Not again. Where am I? 
 (Enter Amy & Alan) 
 Amy: Cory, are you okay? 
 Cory: Yeah, still here. 
 Alan: Good, well, let’s, uh, keep it that way. (Exit with Amy) 
 Cory: They know me. No foreign accents. Everything’s gonna be a-okay. 
 Future Feeny: (Wearing a black jumpsuits with white F on it) Mr. Matthews! 
 Cory: If you’re in my kitchen dressed in a space suit… 
 Future Feeny: (Grabs Cory by the collar) (Speaks into wrist communicator) Bridge, Captain Feeny, here. I have located the Earth alien and I will be escorting him back to the mother ship. 
 Cory: Mr. Feeny, Earth alien, I’m… 
 Future Feeny: (Into communicator) Beam us up. 
 Cory: Sure. Go ahead. (They disappear in blue lights) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 