Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - The Lost Generation - Timeless 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - The Lost Generation https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=740&t=30895 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/06/17 00:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - The Lost Generation 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Timeless"... 
 I know what you're really meant to be, Lucy. Just ask them why they really chose you for this mission. Car trouble? You're with Rittenhouse. If you keep playing your part, it helps us protect everyone. You, your family. You and Anthony Bruhl were the first ones they ever sent to travel through time. Rittenhouse happened. You faked your own death and hid in the past. I know things that Anthony doesn't know. You remember how to pilot it? It's like riding a bike, right? But if the Mothership falls into Rittenhouse's hands, it's too dangerous. Flynn? Most likely discovered he was trying to... Do the right thing. [exhales] I want you to help me steal the time machine to save Jess. He... he brought it back, okay? No harm, right? Tell me about Jessica. Jessica's still dead. She's alive, guys, please! That's my father. I'm glad you know about Rittenhouse. What you are a part of is inhuman. Well, I've got news for you, my dear, you're a part of it too. If it's any consolation,  you're taking this much better than I did. I was 17... when my father told me about Rittenhouse. And how do you handle a responsibility like that? Took me a long, long time to come to grips with it. My father... your grandfather... Ethan Cahill, he's still alive. You'll meet him soon. He ran away when he was told. It's all right. You'll come around like we all did, because it's who you are, Lucy. It's your legacy. [chuckles] You know, not a day goes by that I don't think of you. Would you please stop pretending that you actually care about me? My entire life, not one phone call, and all of a sudden you're Dad of the Year? I get it. Your life is... is crazy and getting crazier. You're engaged to some doctor you don't know. You don't even have your sister to talk to, and now I come along. I am so... so sorry about Amy. You do not get to say her name. I know what you are. What do you know about Rittenhouse besides what Flynn has told you? I went to 1780 and I met David Rittenhouse myself! He had these dark theories that... You don't think we've evolved since then? We don't use leeches anymore either. When you're inside, you'll see the good we do. I will stop you. I will never be a part of this, do you hear me? I said the same thing. So did my father. Rittenhouse... Rittenhouse isn't a choice. It's blood. Yours, mine, and your kids someday. When you're ready to come home, I'll be here, Lucy... with open arms. [door slams shut] Two lefts from headquarters, 30 minutes on the freeway, and four gravel roundabouts. That should put us somewhere in the... National Park. Smart place for a black site. You stole a time machine, Wyatt. We can't exactly throw you in county jail. Hey. You think you could, uh, slip me a snorkel before the waterboarding starts? I am seriously pissed at you, but I put in a call to Sam Dwyer. He's a JAG defense lawyer, a good one. I don't want a defense. I deserve this. [dramatic music] Good luck. ♪ ♪ [door closes] He said something to upset you, didn't he? This is why I didn't want you to see him. It's not anything like that. I just... I just want to know more about him. He was opinionated, and he was stubborn, and I see a lot of him in you, actually. [sighs] What about his family? I met his parents once... from D.C. His father was an aide in the White House, I remember that. Hmm. All right, you want to know the best thing about Benjamin Cahill? He gave me you. ♪ ♪ Whoa. Scary Rittenhouse dude is your father? You shouldn't have talked to him. I had to see him with my own eyes. You put yourself in serious danger. The guy who's been terrorizing me, that's your dad? My biological father. How about you do me a favor, and the next time you and your dad are at a barbecue, you tell him it'd be super great if he didn't kill my family! Okay, his name's Benjamin Cahill. Squeaky clean record. He's a pediatric surgeon at UCSF, for God's sake. Okay, that is so creepy. Lucy, I'm... sorry, I can't imagine. How are you doing? How do you think I'm doing? Look, we'll figure this all out... somehow. Okay, I'm afraid we don't have time. Flynn jumped. May 21, 1927. Paris. What's Paris? That's the day that Charles Lindbergh landed in Paris... the first transatlantic solo flight... but I cannot do this, not now. Okay, where's Wyatt? I mean, we're not doing this without him. After his little stunt, there's zero chance he's going on this trip. My hands are tied. You can either jump into that "Lifeboat," or you can sit back and watch Flynn torch history. Maybe we let Flynn torch history. Lucy... No, I'm serious. Okay, we know that Rittenhouse is terrible. We know that... that they want to take the Mothership back and destroy everything. So what if we let Flynn take them out? I mean, that's a good thing, right? Lucy, I'm gonna go. What? Why? I mean, after everything that Rittenhouse said they're gonna do to your family? Yes, they wildly and extravagantly suck, and I want them gone, but Flynn is going to hurt people. He is going to kill people, change history. You know that. And if we don't stop him... that's on us. [soft music] I'll go alone if I have to. ♪ ♪ I'm in. Okay. Well, actually, you two won't be going alone. [dramatic music] Lucy Preston, Rufus Carlin, this is Master Sergeant David Baumgardner. Bam-Bam. Uh, Wyatt mentioned you before. "Dave's" fine. We've had him on standby since the Alamo mission. I thought Agent Christopher was yanking my chain when she said "time travel," but... holy crap. I know how you feel. He's been thoroughly briefed, but show him the ropes. You're the varsity squad now. That is not comforting. Look, I get how you must feel. Wyatt's one of the best. Just do me a favor and no cowboy stuff, okay? Unless there's cowboys or something. Then, uh, do cowboy stuff. [energetic music] Ma'am? "Lucy's" fine. Well, you're in charge, Lucy. ♪ ♪ That's right. ♪ ♪ It's a common misconception, but it's not true. Well, why do they say short people have a Napoleon complex? Well, that's just the thing, Napoleon wasn't short. He was 5'7". That's above average for his era. He just... he surrounded himself with tall men, and it just made him look short. It's all relative. How do you know that? Because I met him. What, you think the Wild West was my first trip? [scoffs] Okay, seriously, what's the deal with this little diary? Not worth getting into right now, believe me. You ready yet? [airplane approaching] Do you hear that? Yep. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ Are you sure you're not gonna kill him with that thing? Oh, he's flying in slow and low. This thing can cripple a rudder from twice this distance. He'll be fine, just needs to land early, that's all. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [man screams] ♪ ♪ [groaning] [groans] Thought you said he was gonna be fine. Ah, it's all relative. Congratulations, Lieutenant Lindbergh, and welcome to Paris. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] Thought you said the ride would be bumpy. Nothing? You're not nauseous at all? Not even Tea Cup ride at Disneyland type queasy? Lindbergh is set to touch down any minute. There's about 100,000 people waiting for him to land just west of here. Flying what, 3,500 miles in a crappy single-seater? Guy's like Indiana Jones. He was. Just a nice boy from St. Louis who becomes the most famous man in the world. About a decade from now he becomes a Nazi sympathizer, paranoid, and anti-Semitic. Hitler awards him a medal. Boy, that story took a dark turn. [people speaking French] [ominous music] ♪ ♪ See there? Tire marks. This thing didn't crash. It landed. That plane took a direct hit to the back rudder. So Lindbergh's alive? I don't know. But he didn't burn up in the crash, that's for sure. Flynn kidnapped him maybe. Where do you think Flynn shot him down from? Best guess? Tripod mounted MILAN at 400 yards, and judging by the debris over there, not too far. [energetic music] Yeah, they were right here. You really think there's a chance Lindbergh is still alive? I'm a reporter for the "Toronto Star." Name's Hemingway. [exciting music] Ernest Hemingway? You read my book. Oh, my God. I've... I've read all of them. I mean, all of the words in your one book, but maybe you will write more. I doubt it, but still, tell me you love whiskey, and I'll marry you. Hey. I... Found this. Think one of our guys was smoking it. [sniffs] It's Havana tobacco. Only one district in Paris sells a cigarette like that. God knows I smoke enough of 'em. Give me the scoop, and I'll take you. Hmm? [uncorks flask] ['20s music playing] ♪ Honey, I've been blue ♪ 
♪ Sad and lonely too ♪ 
♪ I can't help pleading all the time ♪ 
♪ What else can I do? ♪ Cheers. Cheers. Bad news is, this is the only place that's open. The good news? It's the only place that matters. ♪ ♪ 
♪ Cryin' to the moon ♪ 
♪ For I want some loving ♪ If there's anyone who can help us find the folks you're looking for, Josie can. ♪ You make me weep and cry ♪ 
♪ Yes, wish that I... ♪ Josephine Baker? ♪ And hear the reason why ♪ My mom had a record cover of her that... got me through some lonely nights. ♪ ♪ That's some antique p0rn, my friend. I prefer the term "vintage." ♪ What a fool am I ♪ Who's Josephine Baker? Seriously? Uh, well, she's the biggest entertainer in the country at the moment. I mean, think Beyoncé 1927. She basically owns Paris. And she became an undercover spy for the Allies in World War II. I mean, she's just... she's... remarkable. ♪ Lonesome lovesick blues ♪ [cheers and applause] Come on. I'll introduce you. Okay. [overlapping chatter] [ominous music] ♪ ♪ Who the hell are all these people? I thought you'd tell me. They say they're in charge now. Who said that? Matter is, they've been checked and double-checked and triple-checked. Now, all of these people... Who authorized all these people? I did. Everything's under control, Agent Christopher. Is it? And you are? I'll leave you two to get acquainted. More later, obviously. Jake Neville, NSA. Here's my badge. And my Homeland Security clearance, and a letter from Deputy Secretary Ledgett. This project's command was taken over by the National Security Agency at 0900 hours. My team and I are just getting up to speed. So NSA is taking point, and no one bothered to tell me? After Logan went on his joyride, a decision was made to get fresh eyes on the project. And the buck stops with me, so it seems. Look, between you and me? Wasn't your fault. You're getting a raw deal. Still, I think Homeland Security is waiting to reassign you. Sorry. Escort's just NSA protocol. Thank you for your service. Best of luck, Agent Neville. Oh, I forgot. Denise, set your badge to the facility on the table. Nope, never seen them. Lindy and me, we're both from St. Louis, so if there's any chance he survived, I want to help. Thank you. [chuckles] I'm from the Midwest as well, Chicago. Just saying. Practically neighbors. Mm, Windy City. So tell me, Chicago, how hard do you blow? Uh, su... super, uh, hard... hard. Well, see? I told you Josie would help. If I had a nickel for every time I hit on this woman, I'd have... $1.05. Sounds about right.I 'll take these photos. We'll ask our friends if they've seen them. Hmm? Um, do me a favor and don't tell Jiya about... any of this. Mm-hmm. [sighs] [ominous music] His shoulder's dislocated. I need him focused. We need to find something for his pain. I don't think Vicodin's been invented yet. Well, people are getting drunk someplace. Improvise. Get me some absinthe. Where are you going? The Dingo Bar. That place is gonna be crawling with famous people. You think I'm gonna miss a chance to meet Picasso? Sorry. Nothing yet. What are you goggling at? Picasso, sitting there with Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald. Don't be too awestruck. Picasso's all hands. Really? You know, Ernest calls them the Lost Generation, but I think he stole that from Gertrude. Lost Generation. I get it. Oh? How so? All seen too much violence. Aimless, confused, don't know what's right or wrong, good or bad. Sounds like you're not just talking about them. [chuckles] I'm, uh... I... I was a teacher. Hmm. Um, a good one. I loved the research, the facts. I love facts, they're solid. You can trust them. Your personal life might be a mess, but you always have the facts. It's like... standing on concrete. But then you realize that you're standing on quicksand, and nothing's true. You know, you're wrong about one thing. What's that? When Ernest calls them the Lost Generation, he doesn't mean aimless. He means battered... broke down... but getting ready to stand back up. There's a difference. I like that. ♪ ♪ I like you. [laughs] Thank you. I never meant for you to get pulled off your detail. I'm sorry. The hours sucked. Yeah, but... changing horses midstream, that's risky. Wait, so this Neville guy just shows up with how many people? A dozen, maybe more. On a top secret project like this? How do you get that much clearance for that many people? Overnight? [dramatic music] In Delta, we once ran a two-month op in the Ghazni province where the village chiefs were itching for a fight. Well, we showed up as an international peacekeeping force. Painted the schools, built the wells, all that stuff. By the time the Afghans realized that we controlled their village, there was nothing they could do about it. Takeovers don't have to be hostile. Nah. No, I don't think you got cannes 'cause of my little joyride. This thing feels organized. It feels coordinated. They had to have been planning this thing for weeks. This is a coup. ♪ ♪ [crowd chattering] ['20s music playing] What the hell are you doing? Sit down. Have a drink. You're supposed to be helping us find Lindbergh. I'm devising a plan. Step one, lubrication. So my friend Claudette was working the corner of Rue Emile and Avenue du Nord earlier today when she saw the man you're looking for walk into a shabby old château. Ah. See? You're welcome. Hi. At the bar. Emma. I saw them. [dramatic music] Get down! Get down! Now! Oh, my God! What's that? It's a 1927 Colt .38. But where's your modern gun... like whatever Wyatt uses? I was told not to bring anything back from 2017. Those are the rules. You're supposed to ignore that rule. Now you tell me. [gunshots] [groans] Go! Run! [gun clicks] [groans] I think you got one! Dave? Dave? Rufus, do something. Dave? No. 
 
 [French music playing] We can't just... leave him there. We can't go back. He's right. Best case, you spend all night in a police station, answering questions. Worst case, they try and pin it on the two American strangers. How's that gonna find Lindbergh? It's my fault. It's not your fault. It's Flynn's. How are we gonna find Lindbergh now? [laughing] You know, this is the part where Wyatt would say something annoying, but he'd be right... and... pull it all together. Yeah, well, we don't have a Wyatt, we don't have a Dave, and we don't have a soldier. [toilet flushing] You need a... uh, you need a soldier, you say? [uncorks flask] Hm... You've come to the right place. He is the bravest man I know. And the drunkest. No. Absolutely not. No. You may not know this, but I fought in the Great War. You were an ambulance driver. I took shrapnel. You have had too much to drink. No, absolutely not. I'm gonna make this easy on you. I'm not taking no for an answer. We have an address. What are we waiting for? I smell adventure. [song ends] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ You sure this is the right place? See any other old châteaus anywhere? Maybe Josephine's friend was wrong. Yeah. Josie's friend is a prostitute, a good one, and if I know anything about prostitutes... and believe me, I do... they never forget a face. She says they were here, they were here. Hmm. I didn't know that. What is it? I'm going to be ill. Perhaps somebody could lead me outside. Rufus would like to do that. Did you want to do it? No, I think you can take this one. You're a big literary fan. [clears throat] No, Rufus... Rufus is gonna take this one... okay, okay. [boards creaking] So the machine lands right there. It's remarkable. Must say, it's rather jarring seeing you here... so openly. And Lucy's in Paris now. Well, 90 years ago, but yes. Hmm. Would you tell me now, why the fixation on Lucy Preston? She's my daughter. [unsettling music] ♪ ♪ Lucy? Lucy! ♪ ♪ Oh, let go! Tell him to let me go! Let her go. She's not a prisoner. His name is David Baumgardner, by the way. I'm sorry, I don't know who you're talking about. The soldier that he killed, my guy. I thought your guy was Wyatt. You knew, didn't you? That's why, at the "Hindenburg," you told me to ask them about Rittenhouse and ask them why they chose me. If you knew who my real father was all along, why didn't you just tell me? You needed to see with your own eyes who they are and why you're gonna fight them. That's right, because everybody knows my future except me. Where's Lindbergh? He's right in there. You know, according to your journal, he's Rittenhouse. In a decade he becomes a monumental ass, spews his hate across America. The way you feel about Rittenhouse now? Can't tell me it wouldn't be at least a little bit satisfying taking him out. You can't just kill Charles Lindbergh. It's not right. Look, I will go in there, I will talk to him, and I will convince him to leave Rittenhouse and not become the monster he's supposed to become. And you think he's gonna just, what, give up all that fame, the power, the legacy? Yes. [scoffs] I would. Okay. I'll take that bet. It'll be entertaining if nothing else. You convince him there's a better way, and I'll spare him. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ What does that lunatic want with us? He knows that you're part of Rittenhouse. Ritten... what? It's okay. I'm Rittenhouse too. Part of the... the Cahill family. Pure blood family. Very well-respected. Apparently, it goes back generations. My father, he just told me. He said that... That it's your legacy? [groans] Here, let me help you. [grunts] Let's see what... let's see what this will do, okay? My father is a, uh... a congressman. When he told me what we really are, it's... it's hard to take in, you know? Yeah. I know. Thank you. You're welcome. He says that I am supposed to be... their golden flyboy. And then... they want me to say terrible things about all sorts of people. Why? Dad says it's a distraction. He says that when you create a scapegoat, no one can know who's really in control. You don't have to do that, you know. What am I supposed to do? A couple years ago, I... I got offered this professor job at a small college in Ohio. It was... my dream job. When I told my mother about it, she said... "You can't leave Stanford. "You can't leave me." [chuckles] But my sister, Amy, she told me to go for it. She was always... encouraging me to stand up to my mother. So what did you do? My mother would have been devastated if I wasn't following in her footsteps. When I got off the phone, after I turned down the job, I looked and... there was Amy. [chuckles] My little sister, disappointed in me. God. [chuckles] She was really the only person I could talk to about this stuff. I know... exactly what she would say to both of us right now. What's that? Nobody gets to decide our futures except us. Nothing in the whole house. Little medicine, friend? Are you kidding me? Your drinking is what got us into this mess. Oh, stop sounding like a woman. Do you have any idea what I've been through? In the last two days, I've had to ID a mentor, see a friend of mine hauled off to jail, watch a new teammate get killed in an alley. All the while, Lucy has disappeared. Probably kidnapped. I'm all alone... and I have no idea what to do. [uncorks flask] [grunts, sniffs] You ever been in war, Rufus? I've lost more friends in war than you'll make your entire life. It almost broke me, you want to know the truth. Right now... there are millions of people buried in the catacombs below us. Death is everywhere. Please. [uncorks flask] So what are my choices? Give up? Curl into a ball and die? Or live... and drink... and fight and screw on behalf of those who can't. So you can either stand there like a corpse, or you can be a man! And fight! First of all, you are a world class jerk, Hemingway. Second, I fought the Germans, the Shawnee, French, British, cowboys, killers, people you couldn't even imagine. And no, I may not have fought in the Great War, which, by the way, sounds like the most pointless war in the history of wars, but I have fought! [laughs] Ah! That's the spirit. Yes. [glass shatters] [ominous music] ♪ ♪ That is a disappointment. The catacombs. You... you said there were catacombs below us. Yeah, so? So... so what if Flynn's not in one of the buildings? What if he's underneath them? Yeah, it's nice to think about, but family's family. Blood is blood. I can't even imagine what my father would say. Does your father care about what you want, Charles? I know mine doesn't. What do you want? To get married. Mm-hmm. Buy a small farm, a few kids, just... a simple life. Do it. The whole world thinks that you died in that crash, including your parents. Maybe, or... maybe there are people out there right now looking for me. What do you mean? My dad said once I landed... that I was supposed to call Mr. Charvet,  and Rittenhouse would handle the rest. Who's Charvet? Julian Charvet, owner of one of the largest car companies in Europe. And apparently a big player in Rittenhouse. Smart, using her. Sneaky as hell, but smart. Keep listening. Maybe you'll hear something else. I'll be back. You don't have to make that call, Charles. You You  can choose the life that you want. This doesn't have to be either of our futures. So you've seen this limo at Mason Industries, so what? Because I realized I've seen it before, and the Rittenhouse guy who owns it, he's the one Mason's been meeting in secret. This is the creep that's been threatening Rufus? Yeah. That means Rittenhouse is in control of Mason Industries... and the Lifeboat. And Lucy and Rufus. And there's something else. That guy... is Lucy's biological father. What? Does she know? She just found out. Wyatt, these sons of bitches are getting more and more brazen. We have to do something. Well, there's nothing I can do about it in here. This is the confession they want me to get you to sign. You could sign it and vanish down some black hole for a couple of years, or you could fight this. [groans] Just think about what Lucy and Rufus are coming back to before you make your decision. Think about what? I let them down. I let Jessica down. I know you feel... No, you don't. Because either Flynn was lying to me about who killed my wife, or he wasn't, and fate wanted her dead anyway. Wrap your head around that for a minute, that the universe... or God... wanted the one person that I love most in this world... to be dead. Maybe the universe is saying there's something else you have to do first. Maybe you're not meant to be here. Maybe you're meant to be helping your friends. How do I do that now? [door opening] I don't know. I will let them know you won't be signing the confession. [dramatic music] [knocking] [ominous music] I have so many questions. We have a lot to talk about. ♪ ♪ Do you know where we're going? Oh, God, no. People get lost and die down here all the time. Encouraging. Yeah, well, it's one way to pass the... [bones rattling] Okay, this will be a lot easier if they don't hear us coming. [clears throat] Sorry. [whispering] It's dark. [distant voice] Lucy? Can you hear me? ♪ ♪ Are you down here? Lucy! ♪ ♪ Lucy! Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? Lucy? Surprise, you son of a bitch. [exciting music] [groans] [sighs] Hemingway hook. [groans] Told you it'd work. Come on. Just... [sighs] Lucy. Oh, my God. Rufus! How did you find me? Where... where's Flynn? Who knows? Uh, not here. This is Charles Lindbergh. Charles. Let's get out of here before Flynn gets back. Emma. Been a long time. Good to see you again. You too, Rufus. [dramatic music] Either you're coming with us, or you're letting us pass. ♪ ♪ Be careful. Flynn's not too good at taking care of his pilots. [rhythmic music] ♪ ♪ Here goes nothing. [electricity sparking] Charles? Josephine here is gonna help you find the life that you want. I suppose I know some people. Someplace in Bordeaux sounds nice. You realize you don't get your story after all. Gotta keep the whole thing a secret. Ah. What the hell. Did it for the fun of it anyway. [chuckles] We should get started, then. Rufus, remember, you're not dead yet, so... Drink and fight and screw for everyone who can't. [laughs] Got it. Um, can you do me a favor and not mention this to Jiya either, please? Uh-huh. [alarm blaring] Hello? [alarm blaring] [grunting] [exciting music] ♪ ♪ I'm sorry in advance for the headache you're gonna have. ♪ ♪ [ominous music] ♪ ♪ Oh, no. What happened? We changed history too much. Where's Agent Christopher? Well, Agent Christopher's been reassigned. Lucy, Rufus, I'm Agent Neville, her replacement. Been studying up on you two. Welcome back. Where's Baumgardner? Were there any other casualties? No. I don't think so. I don't think so, or no? No. [keys clacking] Approximately how many people did you interact with in 1927? I would say about 15... [stammering] To 17. [whispering] Right? I'm asking you. Not him. Mm-hmm. Uh, that's my answer. You're free to go. Were we not free to go before you said that? We'll call you when there are more developments. ♪ ♪ [whispering] Did nothing change? Hey. Oh, hey, Mom. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wake you, I... just had to borrow a book or ten. I see. What's got you reading about Charles Lindbergh? He still became a world class a-hole. Isolationist, anti-Semitic, the whole nine. You saw that like it's news. I just don't get it. I mean, he gets injured in a crash landing, and then disappears for a few weeks, only to reemerge to claim credit for the first transatlantic flight. Why? He was an ambitious man. I mean, his father was a congressman. Maybe the love of the spotlight got passed down. I mean, he had money, adoration, power. How do you walk away from a family like that? I just thought he'd make a different choice. [phone buzzes] I'm sorry, Mom, I... I have to go. I... Lucy. Hold on. I know meeting your father has thrown you, and I get it that you don't want to talk to me about it, but what do we do in our family when we go through tough times? When we need to collect our thoughts? We write them down. We write them down. [ominous music] ♪ ♪ It's a journal. [door opening] Hey. You're okay. [soft music] Boy, we really could've used you. We tried... You didn't have a choice. I knew you'd make it out of there. Don't worry, I swept for bugs. The place is clean for now. ♪ ♪ Lucy, I heard about your father. I'm so sorry. But you know that dick's got nothing to do with you, right? Okay, guys, I'm afraid it gets worse. The agents in control of Mason Industries, they're Rittenhouse. What? Jiya's there right now! No. Maybe that's a good thing, somebody working with us on the inside. A good thing? This is Rittenhouse we're talking about. They could kill her! Guys, it's okay. So what, Rufus and I, we're just supposed to go to work like nothing's happening? Yes. Yeah, it's gonna be okay. How can you be so calm right now? Because I've been through a lot in the last couple days, and I fought it for a long time. You can call it fate, or God, or the Force, but I am meant to do something. I am meant to protect the both of you. I see that now, and I will. You realize you sound like a crazy person, right? Mm-hmm. I sound like you. Exactly. But seriously, what are we gonna do about Rittenhouse? We fight. Mm-hmm. How? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 