Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Party at Castle Varlar - Timeless 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Party at Castle Varlar https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=740&t=29273 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/25/16 12:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Party at Castle Varlar 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [speaking German] 
 [applause] 
 Hail, Hitler! 
 All : Hail, Hitler! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [keyboard keys clacking] 
 I got it. 
 I got it! 
 Got what? 
 Okay, when the Mothership returned to the present, we tracked it down to this 50-mile area of Oakland, right? 
 None of this is news. 
 Hold on. 
 Well, I accessed the city power grid's computers, and this electrical substation here has massive power drains. 
 We're talking enough power to either stage Lollapalooza... 
 Or recharge the Mothership. 
 You're saying you've narrowed its location to this neighborhood? 
 No. 
 I'm saying I've narrowed it to this block. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [classical music playing] Hey, how about some Black Sabbath? ♪ ♪ The music relaxes me. You want me relaxed. We got company. [dramatic music] [snaps] We gotta go. Power it up! How much longer? 30 seconds. Anthony? If you wanna take this thing on board without exploding, it's 30 seconds. Move, move, go, go, go! Grab what you can. [exciting music] ♪ ♪ Go. Fire! Techs are combing through everything now. Flynn left a lot behind, but there's no sign of the nuke. Do we have a lock on where he went? December 9, 1944. Germany. The U.S. didn't have a working A-bomb until 1945. If Flynn gives one to the Nazis before the war is over...  The war is over. We need to get you back to Mason Industries. Flynn is somewhere inside this 50 square mile area in northwest Germany, 1944. What's so special about there? That's the thing. Not much. Lots of forest, farmland, a local castle. What about the date? Any significance? There is one thing. There was a tavern called Das Stein Haus, here. It may have been a rendezvous place for the Allied Resistance. It's not 100%. The accounts are spotty, but maybe someone there can point us in the right direction. Just so I'm clear, you want to drop us into Nazi territory, roll up blind to some bar, and just convince someone there that we don't know to help us? By the way, bring him? Well, it's either that or give the Nazis a nuclear weapon. Well, does anyone here even speak German? I do. Really? You do? Yeah, four languages, actually. Oh. The Army drops us into other places than Palo Alto. Well, does anyone have any idea how we're gonna get lederhosen in the next five minutes? Ah, about that. Wardrobe dock. Hundreds of expertly-crafted outfits suitable for any era. Uh, sorted by geographic area then by year. Germany's this way. Isn't this all a bit much? Well, it's better to have and not need, than need and not have. And it doesn't seem like these missions are ending any time soon, so... [soft dramatic music] [heart beating] Hey. You okay? Really? You do? Yeah, four languages, actually. Oh. The Army drops us into other places than Palo Alto. So when we get to this tavern, how do we let 'em know we're friendly? Uh, well, the accounts that I've read said that you have to order a specific Cognac at the bar. A '23 Remy Martin. These the spotty, unreliable accounts? Unfortunately, yes. [dramatic music] All right. Hang on. [metallic clanging] [power down hum] [both groan] We really need to start bringing some Dramamine. [exhales] ♪ ♪ Oh, my God. No way he's out here alone. ♪ ♪ So, how do we... You couldn't have, I don't know, tied him up or something? Yeah, I could of, but he might have escaped. Look, I get that you didn't have a choice with the first guy, but if you don't have to kill someone, you shouldn't. We should at least try and protect history. Protect Nazis? No, I'm just saying there is a bigger picture here. [engine droning] Hey, hey! You guys hear that? Move. Now! ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] All right, Lucy and I head in, order the drink, hopefully get some help. Or at least not die. Rufus... Stays right here. No, I'm gonna need you to get one of those cars. Rufus stays right here. We don't know who or what is in there, and if things go south, we need a car with the engine running. I can hot-wire one. All right, just, uh... make it fast. [soft music playing] [woman singing in German] [indistinct chatter in German] [speaking German] [dramatic music] [horn honks] [speaking German] Ah. Sir... [engine turns over] Put it away. Now. Before you get us all shot. Perhaps you can tell by my accent, but I'm not German, you idiot. Uh... What? You're... Allied Resistance. I was in the middle of gathering intel until you two waltzed in. I swear, you Americans. You couldn't stand out more if you tried. Don't move. I stand corrected. Rufus! Rufus, it's... it's okay. He's... he's okay. We work with the OSS. I'm Agent... I'm Wyatt Logan. This is Lucy Preston. That's our pilot, Rufus. Well, relief to see a lovely face in... an ugly place. Now, what are you lot doing here besides cocking up my operation? If it's all the same, I would love to take this conversation someplace a little bit more Nazi free. I got a car. Huh. Wai... um, what's your name? Fleming. Ian Fleming. MI6. Wait a minute, you're... Ian Fleming? Have we met? No. It's... I... no. Right. Shall we? That's... I know. [playful spy music] That's Ian Fleming. The Ian Fleming, the dude that wrote "James Bond." Yes. He was an actual spy in World War II, a good one. You a Bond fan? Yeah, little bit. Me too. Love his movies. And the books. So... you lot are chasing an atomic weapon? Those are only theoretical. No, they're real. This high-level threat we're tracking, he stole a functional prototype. We think he's going to give it to the Nazis. We saw a convoy on the way over here. There was a flatbed truck with a V2 rocket on it. And you think the Krauts are going to try and arm it with this atom bomb? That's the theory. At least my intel is finally starting to make sense. Here, take a look at this. Here. This is Castle Varlar, here. Next to it, the Nazis have been building a launch pad. They're holding a demonstration of that V2 rocket tonight. What kind of demonstration? Members of the High Command are going to sip champagne as they watch the rocket be launched into Belgium. The target is civilians and Allied troops. How powerful is this atomic weapon? It'll completely obliterate everything in a 3-mile radius. That'd be worst than Britain during the Blitz. If you can get us to that launch pad, we can disarm that rocket. Right? I mean, probably. Yeah. I guess so. All right. Well... [cork pops] [grunts] First things first. So we're drinking now? Well, with what you've been through, and what we're about to go through, absolutely. Amen to that. Cheers, chaps. It's, uh, bad form to leave a poured glass full. [playful spy music] [quietly] Dude. James Bond just hit on Lucy. What? The purpose of a spy is to blend in. I'm the pilot. From Tuskegee. I'm the one that got us here. Can I, um... can I ask you something? About spying? Of course. How do you get used to it? Keeping secrets, lying to everyone all the time? Even to people close to you. I don't consider what I do lying. What would you call it? Playing a role to get what I need. Yeah, but people that trust you would see it different. Rufus, there are allies, contacts, and women, but never trust. Only the mission. [speaking German] [Geiger counter clicking intermittently] The bomb's not here. What do you mean? It has to be. I'm not picking up any traces of radiation. It's nowhere near here. Well, perhaps we're early. Maybe the Nazis haven't attached it yet. Look, you can't just strap it on with some duct tape. There is no way they armed one of these rockets in time for the launch tonight. Maybe we're wrong about why Flynn's here. [cars approaching] We gotta move. We gotta move. [whispering] Stop, stop. Don't shoot. You can't shoot. That's Wernher Von Braun standing next to Flynn. [whispering] Who the hell is that? Someone we can't risk getting caught in the crossfire. Flynn is right there! Please, Wyatt. You can't. You have to trust me. Explain again why I can't kill Flynn. We can't risk Von Braun. We need him alive. He's the father of their rocket program. He's a genius. Right, got it. Wouldn't wanna kill a smart Nazi. Any operative that spots Von Braun has orders to apprehend him immediately. The Allies want him for themselves. You know that. This man's rockets rained on Britain during the Blitz. Yes, but there is a bigger picture here. Very well. If those are the orders, those are the orders. We'll snatch him up and take him to the Allies. Thank you. So it seems that this Von Braun will be at the demonstration tonight. I can get us past the front door. Lucy can accompany me as my secretary. How do I get in? You don't. You and Rufus can provide backup from the perimeter. She doesn't get in without me. I can barely get her in much less you. Besides, she's a capable operative just the same as you and I, isn't she? [soft dramatic music] I'm sorry, but there simply isn't another way. He's right. Then it's settled. Now, if you'll excuse me. I'll go and find you a uniform. If I have a shot at Flynn, I have to take it. No. I'm sorry, but not this time. Von Braun is too important. After the war, he comes to America and jumpstarts our entire rocket program. He's the guy that gets us to the moon. NASA's because of him. We win the space race because of him. And the Cold War. I mean, he helped define modern America. And he's able to do all this because the U.S. pardons him. He never gets punished. Right? Yeah. You know, let... let me ask you a question here. If Von Braun is so important to America, why didn't Flynn just kill him? [clatters] [exhales sharply] [dramatic musical buildup] 
 
 Hey. [inhales sharply] [clears throat] Don't you know how to knock? I did. Twice. Oh, well... good for you. [chuckles] Uh, look , I don't... I don't wanna fight about Von Braun. Me neither. Let's talk about something else. Okay, like what? Like you putting on a good front, but I've seen this 1,000 times with 1,000 guys. Seen what? New soldier in the field. Freaking out. [scoffs] I am not freaking out. I... I'm not freaking out. Guys in your spot, they got two options. Get over the hump... or crack up. How do I... [sighs] Get over the hump? You talk about what's bothering you. You never talk. I'm over the hump. [exhales] I shouldn't even be here. Nazi Germany? Yeah, none of us should. No. I mean... when I was a... [sighs] A sophomore in college, I was ready to abandon the whole history thing. Really? To do what? I was driving to my mom's house to tell her that I was dropping out of school to join a band, and I'm going over the whole speech in my mind, don't notice the oil slick on the road, spin out right into the river. The car started filling up with water so fast. The car shut down, the doors wouldn't open, and I'm thinking, "This is it." Someone happened by and pulled me out. But, every since then, I have always put myself in situations that I could control. Right. [scoffs] I mean, this... what we're doing, I... [scoffs] Every time I get in that time machine, I feel like I am back in that car, like I am drowning all over again, and I just... I don't think I can keep doing this. How do you keep doing it? I grew up in West Texas. Dirt poor. My dad was a world-class son of a bitch, but my grandpa Sherwin, he picked up all the slack. Matter of fact, he's gotta be less than 200 miles from here right now. [chuckles] Younger than me, in the 101st, killing Nazis. [soft music] That's why saving Nazis or letting Lincoln die, that's hard for me because... Feels like I'm letting him down. He's the reason I fight. To make him proud. You wanna know how to keep doing this? You figure out what you're fighting for... and you'll be okay. Thank you... for talking. Even though you're over the hump. Sure thing... ma'am. [soft dramatic music] [indistinct chatter] [tense music] [silenced gunshots] I can't believe I let you talk me into this. Letting Nazis fire rockets at civilians is where I draw the line. Yeah, well, that was supposed to fire. You know, Lucy's whole thing about not changing history. This isn't for Lucy. It's for someone I know in the 101st. [classical music playing] [whispering] Where's Von Braun? He's down there somewhere. Trust me. We'll find him. Are you serious? What? [classical music continues distantly] Dude... James Bond's hitting on Lucy... And she's into it. Gotta say, you're quite good at this. How did you get involved in all of it in the first place? The Blitz. Surviving them has a way of changing your perspective. You were there when it happened? Not just me. My brother Michael came to visit me in London. So, naturally, I dragged him off to the pub. When we go to the door, I realized I had forgotten my wallet. Went back to the car to retrieve it, and suddenly... it was day, and they were pulling me out from under the rubble. Pub wasn't there anymore. [soft dramatic music] [quietly] Along with... much of London. [dramatic music] [quietly] That symbol. I know that symbol. I read about it in college. There's something to do with it the Catholic Church. Dead ahead. Do you think you could catch his eye and lure him into that hallway on the left? Yes. Good. I'll take the long way around and meet you there. [suspenseful music] [indistinct chatter] I was wondering when you'd get here. Where's your friend Wyatt? He dropped in on me this morning uninvited. Very rude. Don't worry. He's close by. So, this is about Von Braun? What I don't understand is why don't you just kill him? Unless... you wanna give him to the Soviets? Killing Von Braun would be easy, but handing him to the Russians, assuring they'll win the Cold War, maybe even be the first to the moon... far more damaging. For who? To Rittenhouse? This paranoid delusion of yours? They're very real. I just... wish you could recognize there is a greater good here. Greater good? You've shot Lincoln. You're helping Nazis. It sounds insane even saying it, much less you doing it. You think I like this? You think I like helping these bastards? You think I sleep at night? One day, you'll understand. I'm a patriot. You keep telling yourself that. And, by the way, you're not getting Von Braun. What makes you so sure? Well, for one, the man behind your back. You found your way to the British spy. Love your movies. Movies? You didn't think everywhere you went we wouldn't come after you? Oh, that's exactly what I was counting on. [speaking German] Hey, they got Lucy. We gotta get down there now. And the plan is? Shoot our way in and out. You wanna talk alternatives for a minute? She's gonna be dead in a minute. We'll be dead in less than a minute if we go in there guns blazing. Yeah? You got a better idea? Yeah. We're not gonna disarm this rocket after all. [exciting music] [speaking German] [all screaming and shouting] [exciting music] [speaking German] Don't look so impressed, it only holds two bullets. Now, quickly. [gunshots] Time to go. We still have to get Von Braun. [all screaming] [speaking German] Move, move, move! No windows, no other doors. Great. We post up here. Soon as they come through the door, we shoot. Wyatt, that's suicide. All right, but first... Oh, no, please! What the hell are you doing? That b*st*rd's rockets destroyed London. I was just following orders. He has to pay for what he did. You give him to the Allies, that's never gonna happen! There is right and there's wrong. Wyatt. Wyatt! I agree with him... but I trust you. We listen to her. End of story. [pounding] [speaking German] Give me the gun. [grunting] [pounding] We really don't have time for this! Wyatt, they will be in here in 10 seconds. Give me the gun! Hold on. I remember why this castle is so special. So you just knew there was a secret passage there? In the 1500s, Catholicism was outlawed here. So Catholics in that castle built a network of secret tunnels to get priests in and out. Through the fireplaces. They called 'em "Priest Holes." How did you know that? It was in "Skyfall." [soft dramatic music] How long till you think the Allies are here? Fleming made a call. They should be here any minute. He doesn't seem worried. He looks happy. Yeah, wouldn't you? He knows how valuable he is. He's gonna get away with everything he's ever done. He's gonna live a great life. Have a question. Why would I bother talking to... excuse me, what are you... [pencil scratching] I have a question. Do you ever think about the people your rockets have hurt? No. Tens of thousands of people have died because of something you created. My concern is whether the rockets go up, not where they come down. Is that so? If I did care, it would inhibit me from my goal. You see... [sighs] getting there to the moon, that's all that matters. I don't care who provides me with the means. I helped invent something greater than you ever will, and all I can think about is the destruction it's doing. The people it's hurting. Yeah, but you weren't thinking about that when you were creating it. Because if you did? You never would have gone through with it. Hmm? I can't believe we pulled this off. Thanks for getting me over the hump. Yeah, well, don't get all soft on me. Flynn's still got a nuke. [car approaching] [door opens] Hello. Hello. [indistinct chatter] [exhales sharply] I hope you're right about this. We are. Well, I guess this is good-bye. But maybe not for you. I might find myself stateside when all this is over. I'm sure you will. Will you be waiting? [playful music] [whispering] Definitely not. [chuckles softly] [James Bond-like theme] Well... never say never. Again. [chuckles] Seriously? After we escaped, we handed Von Braun over to the Allies. [chuckles] That's... What? Well, you're... you've just described, beat by beat, the plot of "Weapon of Choice." What's "Weapon of Choice"? The Bond movie. Mm, no such movie. Yes, there is. It's the one in the castle with the rockets. Uh, Connery's finest, as far as I'm concerned. Bond infiltrates the castle, rescue evil scientist, with the help of CIA agents Wyatt, Lucy, and Rufus. [laughing] How much you wanna bet Bond sleeps with Lucy in that one? Okay, so you're telling me there's a new Bond movie with Sean Connery and we're in it? Yeah, but it's not new. Came out in, what, '64? Well, it's new to me. Okay, I hate to put a damper on all the fangirling, but did you find any signs of the nuke? Nothing. Not even radiation traces. I don't get it. If Flynn was gonna use it, this would have been the perfect time. Unless he wants to use it for something else. Like what? Well, uh, something Anthony talked about once, but that was... Theoretical. There's no way he even could have. Could have what? How long will this battery you've created last? If my math is right, and it is... about 300 years. All the power you'll ever need without having to plug in. Do you have it? Rufus... I've been risking my life for Lucy and Wyatt. I didn't think I had it in me, but... I did. It's because I knew they'd do the same for me because I trust them. Spies can't trust, and that's not me. I'm just not wired that way. I understand, but you need to understand how deep I'm in with these Rittenhouse people. I need you to be on my side just as I've been on your side all these years. I can't. It's wrong. I'm sorry. It's late, and there are impatient people at the Pentagon waiting on my call. We have to talk now. I know how important it is to stop Flynn, but God knows how long it's gonna take, and I am in for all of it, but I have terms. Saving America isn't good enough? I have to take a leave of absence from my job. I need you to provide a cover story that explains why I get called away on short notice at 3:00 a.m. I'm thinking historical consultant for Mason Industry's confidential project. You guys come up with the paperwork. Anything else? Yes. We need to fix history and get my sister back. I want Mason's people working on it... Or... Or else I walk. And, no, this is not a bluff. Someone told me, "figure out what you're fighting for." Well, I'm fighting for my sister. That's my price. ♪ You're my soul tonic ♪ 
♪ Guaranteed ♪ [Archie Thompson's Soul & Psychedelic Funk Crew's "Soul Tonic"]  ♪ You're my... ♪ [electronic whirring] What the hell? Car trouble? Shame when things don't do what they're supposed to. Isn't it, Rufus? [tense music] Who are you? Given your recent struggles, we felt direct intervention was necessary. You're with Rittenhouse. Did Connor send you? All Connor Mason wants to do is protect you. And so do we. If you keep playing your part, it helps us protect everyone. Me... you... your family... are all safe. Isn't that what you want? Your family... safe. Yes. Good. Well... I'm glad we talked. ♪ This child ♪ Safe travels. ♪ When the cold wind blows ♪ 
♪ Everywhere I go ♪ 
♪ It just don't, just don't seem worth while ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 