Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Stranded - Timeless 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Stranded https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=740&t=29892 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/22/16 02:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Stranded 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [suspenseful music] 
 You just had to build a fire, didn't you? How was I supposed to know they'd see it? You do know fire makes light, right? [man shouting in French] [screams] Arrêtez! [gun clicks] [all panting] [tense music] ♪ ♪ [birds chirping] [both speaking French] Oui. Adieu. I think that's Lieutenant Louis Coulon. He's the only man George Washington has ever surrendered to. He... No. No history. Not right now. Hey. Careful with that. He doesn't speak English. I don't care. Okay. Okay. Obviously, the situation is not ideal... Not ideal is having french fries without ketchup. This has been three days of trudging through the mud, bitten by bugs I can't identify, eating meat I don't want to identify... Three days of listening to you whine. Hey. Come on. Really, G.I. Joe? I don't like it either but, Flynn is still out here somewhere, and if we're gonna find him, we're gonna have to work together, okay? Work together? Really? 'Cause Rufus is over there... Hey! ... recording us for Rittenhouse. Yeah, we're really working together, aren't we? [sighs] [gun clicking] How do you say, "I had s*x with your mother" in French? You don't, unless you're trying to get us killed right now. I'm trying to do my job. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ J'ai couchée avec ta mère. Hey, Pierre. J'ai couchée avec ta mère. [speaks French] Très bien, you son of a bitch. [speaking French] [grunts] [both grunting] ♪ ♪ [shouts] [gunshot fires] Oh, hey, I forgot. Hand me that recorder. There. Now we can say whatever the hell we want. Wha... What am I supposed to say to Mason? Tell him you lost it. And you think he's just gonna buy that? I don't know. You know, we still haven't even figured out why Flynn's here. I don't know. It's hard to say. Basically, the French and Indian War was the French with their Indian allies fighting the British. A 22-year-old George Washington was fighting for England. So this is about young George Washington? Or maybe Flynn wants to change the outcome of the war? So, what? We become United States of France? Lots of attitude, no one picks up their dog poop? Hey. What, did you write a book on France or something? Whatever Flynn was gonna do, he's probably already done it. That's comforting. Place them all around. Hey, I need more over here. [whispering] It's Flynn's guys. [thudding] Is that... ... C4. Okay. Stand clear. [gunshots] ♪ ♪ [explosion booms] No! Rufus! Hey! What the hell are you doing? That was our ride! The Mothership's our last chance to get back to the 21st century! ♪ ♪ [gunshots] ♪ ♪ [engine whirring] [gunshots, bullets ricocheting] [engine whirring] Wyatt, get down. If you don't let go, you're going to die! [whooshing] [gasping] We're trapped here. [dramatic music] Jacques? Jacques! No, no. [speaking French] So you think Flynn's plan wasn't to change history? It was to trap us here? In 1754? That'd be my guess. While we were out looking for him, his guys were looking for the Lifeboat. It'd be smart. I can't imagine a worse place to strand us. 300 miles from anywhere, in an era full of hostile forces and, you know, smallpox. Amazing. Come on. You have to talk to me at some point. What do you call this? Look, I-I will say it again, and I will keep saying it. I'm sorry for not telling you about the journal. What about your little deal with Agent Christopher? When were you gonna tell me about that? Yeah, Christopher told me. So I kill Flynn, she helps you get your sister back. Nothing about me or my wife, but, hey, as long as you get what you need. Okay, that is not fair. It is not a secret that I'm trying to get my sister back. I mean, you were the one that said, "Figure out what you're fighting for." Well, I am fighting for Amy, and you of all people should understand that. Okay. Rufus, where are we? Well... aside from the obvious hole in the side panel, there is some serious damage to the circuitry. I could cannibalize the wiring from the nav system, and if I had some iron, maybe I could patch up the hole, but our big problem is, we're short a couple capacitors. Like a flux capacitor? No. Those don't exist. What would it take to make a real capacitor? You buy one. From RadioShack. Come on, Rufus. You built a time machine. If you absolutely had to build a capacitor here, now, what would it take to build it? I'd need foil. Okay. Okay, uh, barring that, I could hammer some tin or copper, thinly, maybe, uh, salt, a couple glass jars... Okay. Good. What else? Uhm... I'd need a forge. And to learn to be a blacksmith. And then you'd be able to fix it? Probably not. [scoffs] Maybe. Okay, look. We are less than 20 miles from Fort Duquesne. They probably have some of the stuff that you need there. Fort Duquesne? The fort that the French soldiers came from, including the one that I killed? What are we gonna do? Walk in and ask to borrow a forge? Either that or we learn to start farming. [sighs] All right. if you can build this thing, you can get us home? Haven't even gotten to the hard part yet. Oh, good to know. If we use the wiring from the nav system, I won't be able to control where we land. Doesn't matter if we fix the Lifeboat or not. We'll never survive the trip unless... protocol. Protocol? What protocol? [indistinct chatter, electronic whirring] ♪ ♪ So when exactly did Flynn get the Mothership back to present day? Three hours ago. Usually, our guys come back just a few minutes after Flynn does. Well, it could just be a technical problem with the Lifeboat. Or something's happened to the team. Any leads on Flynn? Yes. He's in this 50-square-mile radius near Mexico City. How fast can we get a team there? It's Mexico. It'll be a minute. Sir, we don't have a minute. Any second, Flynn could jump, and there won't be anyone there to chase him this time. I'll get into it. Don't mean to be insensitive, but stop moping like a bloody idiot. Excuse me? Our people are out there. Get your head in the game, and let's figure out a way to get them back home. How? How... Why do you think we have the protocol? And you're digging exactly 3 feet from the front of the Lifeboat? Yes, I am following your absurdly specific instruction. When you said, "Get a message to Mason Industries," I didn't think you literally meant "in a bottle." We can't exactly send a text, can we? Really? This is the best system that Connor Mason could come up with? Ah, behold the power of non-biodegradable polyethylene. Bit of a future environmental catastrophe, but, today, it could save our asses. How's that gonna work? Connor will fly to this spot with a team of archaeologists and dig this up. We're standing in what's going to be a suburb of Pittsburgh. I mean, who knows what could happen to this patch of land over 260 years. Yeah, well, that's why we got to dig deep. And this system generally works? Don't know. No one's ever tried it. And if it doesn't? Then we don't make it home. Or we die violently. Or both. [cell phone chirping] Connor Mason. Your Lifeboat is missing. Garcia Flynn is operating unchecked. I'm handling it. We've already bankrolled one machine that was hijacked by terrorists. Now we've lost our backup machine. We've lost Lucy Preston. We've lost our whole team, actually, but you only mention Lucy. Matter of fact, you've mentioned her a few times now, which I find curious. Out of all the excellent historians in the country, a young untenured professor is chosen for something this important? You know, it makes one wonder if... certain strings weren't pulled to get Lucy the job. Also makes me wonder who could've pulled those strings. And why... Mr. Mason...  you seem to have forgotten the nature of our relationship. Our relationship? This machine is our relationship. Without it, and without all my team back,  we don't have a relationship. I'll call you when I have something to report. My jet is waiting. What was all that about? Personal business. The jet should be ready. This is all gonna be downtown Pittsburgh one day. Concrete as far as the eye can see. But for now? It's really beautiful, isn't it? Super beautiful. Just wiped my butt with some leaves. Thank God. What the hell, man? You said the red berries are safe to eat. The ones that are solo. When they're a cluster, they will kill you. I told you that! Well, I'm sorry. That's confusing. You realize we are in 1754, right? There's no ambulance. There's no antibiotics. There's no tetanus shot. I get it. You make one mistake, you'll die. I get it! I get that I suck at this. I hate the outdoors! And-and camping. And bees. And I really hate this survivalist crap. That's why we have you. Who do I have, Rufus? You're Delta Force. Delta Force isn't a person. It's a team. I'm just one guy. If I don't have someone that I can count on... I mean really count on... we're not gonna make it out of here. [solemn music] ♪ ♪ Come on. [horse neighs, man speaks indistinctly] [man speaking French] What is it? It's the French from last night. Oh, God. One guess who they're looking for. The water will cover our tracks. Let's go for a swim. [piano music] ♪ ♪ [grunts] I don't hear anything. You think we lost 'em? Yeah, for now, but we got to keep moving. Come on. Uh, uh, guys? Disertor, maybe? What are you doing? We're gonna have much better luck getting into a French fort if I'm dressed like a French soldier, don't you think? This body's still warm. Which means he was killed... ... Really, really recently. [man crying out] What the hell is that? Battle cries. It's what they do when they take prisoners. Like us. So do they scalp you after they kill you, or is scalping, like, how they kill you? These are Shawnee? Yeah. And they think we're British? Yeah. And how do the Shawnee feel about the British? Depends on the tribe, depends on the day, but I think it's safe to say they're not fans. Yeah. So we should take it as a positive sign they haven't tried to kill us yet, right? I think they're just waiting for their chief. Come on, Wyatt, there's got to be... a way to get us out of this, right? You can, just... something. Unless one of you can barf up a knife, I think we're gonna be here awhile. [machinery whirring] Yeah. As soon as they're done with the loader... [men speaking indistinctly] [whirring] So how'd you get them to clear out the whole street? Told them all we were CDC and we found Zika mosquitoes in the neighborhood. Hey, whatever it takes. I want to get the team back home too. You needn't have come out here. You know I'd have let you know if we'd found anything. No, I needed to be here. It hasn't escaped my notice that you and Rufus are close. That's just it. We aren't. I mean, he asked me out once, but... most of the time, he just instant messages me from his desk, 2 feet away from me, instead of actually talking to me. I think it would mean a lot to him to know how worried you are. [yearning music] ♪ ♪ You know, if this is really it, you know, like,  really  it... Don't say that. It's not it. Even if we get out of here, there's no telling if we'll actually make it out of 1754. I can't stop thinking... what I wouldn't give... for one more Chocodile. What? What the hell is a Chocodile? [chuckles] Twinkie.... covered in chocolate. [both laughs] Rufus, that is monumentally stupid. Well, clearly, you've never had one before. No. [all laughing] 
 
 What I wouldn't give to be able to tell Jiya how I feel about her. How do you feel about her? I like her. We went on a date once. Really? Yeah. Super awkward. Haven't had the guts to talk to her about it since. I don't know why that, of all things, was so scary to me... just talking to someone. When I was little, my mother used to read to me these biographies for children. It was like... "Einstein for Kids." "Churchill for Kids." They were really good, actually. I guess I just... I always figured that I'd read them to my kids. Just always figured there'd be... time. Yeah, I know what you mean. Jessica always wanted a little boy. And I would always say, "Relax. "We got all the time in the world." Wyatt. I am... I am so sorry that I said that Jessica's death was meant to be. You don't have to... I do. You deserve to get Jessica back. Well, I wish you could get Amy back too. And if I could make a deal with Agent Christopher, I would. Yeah, well, what's the point of having a time machine if you can't fix your regrets? Yep. [footsteps rustling] The chief must be coming. The chief is a woman. Don't look so surprised. You speak English. Missionaries. The language stayed. Their faith did not. My name is Nonhelema. You're Nonhelema? I've heard of you before, because you are a great chieftess. And very beautiful and super intimidating. And who are you? We're not here to hurt anybody. In fact, I'm Dr. Quinn, and I'm a medicine woman. And this here is my brother, and we've come here to treat the sick and help in any way that we can. [chuckles] The French came to help. They said they wanted to trade. And then they start building forts. And when we fought back, they killed all our men. To our women... my daughter still bears the scars. We were captured by the French as well. The English are no better. Look, if you let us go, we promise... Promises. I've heard promises from liars and thieves before. What is he doing? Oh, you know, just marking us for death. You live. Wait. Wha... Me? Why? You didn't choose to be here. You were forced to. No, no, no! Wait! Wait! No! No. Just stop. Ma'am? Respectfully, I'm asking you to listen. We're not who we said we were. We're not from France. We're not British; we're not from anywhere around here. But these people didn't force me to be with them. These people are my friends. They've saved my life on more than one occasion. We look out for each other. Thing is, we're not even supposed to be here. We just want to go home. Now, you can kill them, and I'm pretty sure there is nothing I can do about it, but if you do... you're gonna have to kill me too. [both speaking foreign language] My brother says to kill you all. But it is not his decision to make. If someone like him is willing to die for someone like you, then you're certainly not from around here, are you? No. I will spare your lives because of this man's honor. But if you prove him wrong, I will spare no one. [speaking indistinctly] About 6 inches to the left... I got something! ♪ ♪ It's cracked. Open it. Careful. His note. It's gone. Thank you for what you did back there. That was incredibly brave. Figured if I was gonna die, I'd rather not do it alone in the woods. Oh, really? That's why? A blue and white uniform really blends in here, don't you think? It's hard to believe they lost the war. So, how close are we to Fort Duquesne? Uh, just about 5 miles. But we need to come up with a plan before we go. The plan is, you and I stall while Rufus finds the supplies to the Lifeboat. But you got to be quick. Those soldiers are looking for us, they could show up at any moment. Okay. Is anybody worried about the fact that neither of you speak French? I got that covered. [sheep baaing, men speaking French] [percussive music] ♪ ♪ More like Fort Dysentery. We've run the test three times. This is all we can make out. "Death." Well, that's not at all ominous. There must be more tests you can do, right? I mean, UV lighting or... We've done every test there is. This is all we could get. I'm sorry. What does it mean? I'm afraid it can't be good. You got this. ♪ ♪ Come on. Come on. ♪ ♪ What do you think's taking him so long? I don't know. [whispering] Hit him. What? Hit. Him. What was he gonna do? Trust me, you don't want to know. Took you long enough. Did you get what you need? Yeah. Got it. Let's get the hell out of here. [bugle sounding] [men shouting in French] ♪ ♪ What are you doing? Come on! Isn't that a bit of a high jump? Beats facing a French firing squad. Let's go. When you put it like that... I'm just gonna go ahead and say it. 1754 sucks. [sharp tapping] There any sign of our French pals? Not yet! They'll see our tracks. They won't be far behind. Oh, come on. That can't actually work. It should work enough for one trip. Except, we won't know until the rings start spinning. But, by then, it'll be too late to change our minds. What do you mean, "change our minds"? Without the navigation system, we could land anywhere. The Earth is 70% water. We could land in the middle of the ocean, on a mountain, inside of a mountain. The middle of Fallujah would be an amazing result right now. Needless to say, it is very complicated, and we need Jiya and Mason to help us land. That is, provided they got my note. Let's say they didn't. What are the odds? Somewhere between one in a billion and impossible. How do they help us land? Hey, there. I don't know what else to do. Well, I do. My boss usually frowns on drinking at work. Well, I think he'll let it slide this once. Rufus ever tell you how we met? No. I was doing charity outreach. Inner-city neighborhoods. Plucking out the best and brightest. Made me feel good. It made me look good too. So we're at the science fair in this run-down, gang-infested Chicago middle school. The whole thing's pathetic, really, but I see this scrawny, nerdy kid. And he's got this scale model of the entire city re-engineered with a monorail system that runs entirely on recycled coffee pods. Somehow, I'm not surprised. No, so, you know, I invite him to talk to me after the science fair, and he knows who I am, and he says, "No, no, sorry, Mr. Mason, I'd love to, but I can't be late to pick up my brother." I think, "Wow, a genius with a sense of responsibility." I thought, "He's gonna do great things one day, and when he does, I want it to be for me." ♪ ♪ First time I met Rufus, he saw the Tribble that I got at Comic-Con, and he told me that we would never be friends 'cause I was "Star Trek" and he was "Star Wars." Yeah, that sounds just like Rufus. He was always one who could take awkward to bold new heights. You say it like he's gone. Come on, I mean, any minute, he's gonna be back, bragging about his latest trip, you know, what a hero he was. Like Han Solo. What is it? I think I know what Rufus is trying to say. Now, there are a number of reasons why they might not be back yet, most of them really bad, but let's just say something happened to the navigation system. Well, how do you know... I'm getting to that. If the nav system is down, Rufus is gonna need our help with the landing. I left specific instructions... a series of code that detail how the team at Mason Industries can take over and essentially bring us home via remote control. Now, we won't be able to do anything until it's in transit, so what we need to do is catch him... mid-jump, take over the controls, and guide him in here. It's an interesting theory, Jiya, but how are you getting all that from a few words in a note? Because I filled in the blanks. Rufus made an analogy to a movie you might've seen. It's like what the Death Star did... ... To the Millennium Falcon. That's what Rufus was trying to say. And you can do that? Maybe. But I'm gonna need help. So what are our options? We stay here and fight off the French or die of smallpox eventually? Pretty much. Likely death either way. Yeah. What the hell? I'm in. Me too. Tough call for me. I was really hoping to be sold into slavery. [men shouting in French] [hooves pounding in the distance] Horses. They're coming. [intense music] ♪ ♪ Tirez! [gunshots firing] [gunshots firing] Hurry up. Here we go. Okay. [bullets ricocheting, engine groaning] [electricity powers down] Go where? We're not going anywhere. No. No. No. No. [speaking French] Rufus, come on! This patch is not as strong as the rest of the ship. If they hit it... You're not helping! Come on, Rufus. Get us out of here. [engine whirring] [horse neighs, men muttering] [warbling] [whooshing] [all exclaiming] Mon Dieu. The Lifeboat is in transit. We need to do this now. It's not ready. We don't have time for ready. ♪ ♪ [whooshing and crashing] [Lifeboat pulsing and whirring] Initiate Lifeboat arrival procedure. [hatch whirs] Sorry we're late. We hit some traffic. Okay. [groans] You okay? Yeah. [groans] You all right? We made it. Welcome back. Thank you. [stirring music] ♪ ♪ Hey. Hey. Um... I heard you got it just from "Death" and "Millennium." Took me a while, but yeah. I guess we know each other better than I thought. Jiya. Yeah? Remind me to tell Mason that if he can build a time machine, then he can build a reasonably durable plastic tube, because the only... ♪ ♪ Wow. What was that for? For making it back. Thanks to you. I need your authorization for a surveillance operation. On Connor Mason? That's correct. For what reason? I think he's hiding something from us, and I want to know what it is. Here it is. The Pennsylvania Orb Incident. In September of 1754, a group of French soldiers claimed to have seen a giant metal orb with spinning rings that disappeared before their eyes. One of the earliest UFO sightings in colonial North America. What? All right. We did it? That's us. Well, cheers to the French. After this, I'm gonna eat my body weight in Chocodiles. About that... No! They're all yours. Thank you. I wasn't sure if we were ever gonna see any of this again. Yeah. We got lucky. You know, if you believe there is such a thing as luck. What's wrong? I know you were angry with me for not telling you about the journal, but... you never asked me why I didn't tell you about it. Doesn't matter. It's water under the bridge. It's a cheap fake, right? That's the thing. If I'm being really honest with myself, I don't know if it is. It's just too crazy. I mean, the mix of cursive and print, the way that I make my Gs... Wyatt, it looks so real, and I've thought so since the Hindenburg, and if that's what I'm meant to be... helping Flynn... That's not what you're meant to be. If you don't want to write a journal, don't write it. My whole life, I have believed that... everything happens for a reason. That, for all of us, there is some plan for each one of us that comes from some... What? A higher power? Never took you for the spiritual type. Well, I am. And what does the spiritual type look like exactly? [chuckles] I don't know. The thing is, is, if this is my job now... protecting history, preserving the past, you know, saving the things that are meant to be... how can I believe in fate and not believe in my own fate? Help me out here, Rufus. Don't look at me. My degrees are in physics, not metaphysics. Look, we are in uncharted water here. Have a drink. Humor me. Okay. Okay. Now, did you decide to take that drink, or was it pre-written, some kind of history that says you were meant to take that drink? You made the choice, Lucy. And that's what history is. Right? It's choices. Some small, stupid, some monumental. But we make them. So if you're not happy with the history that Flynn has predicted for you, then rewrite it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 