Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Chapter Thirteen: Come Together - Katy Keene 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Chapter Thirteen: Come Together https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=926&t=36489 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/15/20 06:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Chapter Thirteen: Come Together 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 One true cliché: everything can change in a New York minute. Shirley Temple. 
 You're being released on bail. 
 Oh, thank God! 
 Oh! 
 Ohh. Hi. 
 Ohhh. 
 I'm assuming there was enough for bail? 
 Girl, the Plant made plenty. 
 After you called, we ran over and raided the take from the bar. 
 Oh, thank you. Yeah. 
 Come over. I'll make you a sandwich at the bodega. 
 Oh, I'd love to, but I have to go check on the Plant. 
 Where's Katy? 
 Uh, she had to work... She wanted to be here... 
 Mm. Come on. 
 Girls, as I'm sure Amanda and HR made you aware, Lacy's will be closing at the end of this month. 
 But until our very last customer spins through those revolving doors, it's business as usual. 
 Let's go out with a bang. 
 And what about our jobs? 
 If I may, Caboture will offer personal shopping assistance through our web portal. 
 You're all welcome to apply. 
 I can't believe this is my last window. 
 Francois, you will get another job. 
 You are the best in the biz. 
 I've designed Lacy's windows for thirty years, Katy. 
 I'm hardly en vogue. 
 Where will I go? I'll be lost. 
 I've been waiting on three Fashion Week pieces from Guy. 
 No one wants to stare at nude bodies without... the fun parts. 
 Can you go grab them? 
 I haven't spoken to him since last night, when I... accused him of stealing designs from me and his other former apprentices. 
 He's been texting all morning. 
 Let Guy explain himself. He might surprise you. 
 Well? Well, spit it out! 
 How did the city council meeting go? 
 It's over. 
 The city contracted the developer and they're using eminent domain to force us to sell. 
 It's the entire block. 
 There's got to be something you can do to fight this. 
 You're a councilman. 
 I've been fighting this for years, Jorge. 
 But all the other buildings on the block have signed. 
 And we are getting pressured... Well, pressure back! 
 Do we even know who's trying to buy it? 
 It's some big developer from out of town. 
 Out of town? This is our barrio, we grew up here. 
 We have to find a way to stop them. 
 Papi, your father is trying. 
 Sometimes you have to let it go. 
 Tio Alberto just rolled over in his grave. 
 This is as much his bodega as it is yours! 
 That's enough, Jorge! 
 You need to tell the girls we all need to find a new place to live. 
 And right now, a brand new track from V100. 
 ♪ There goes a dream ♪ 
 ♪ Now it's us against real life... ♪ Jose, turn on V100. Now! 
 Would you hold on? I'm just walking in from work. 
 ♪ It hurts, it's hard ♪ 
 ♪ It's worth the fight, let's do... ♪ So, Xandra recorded my song and it is on the radio? 
 I gotta go. I-I will call you back. 
 ♪ ... speak my mind again ♪ 
 ♪ I'm sorry, next time I'll be louder ♪ 
 ♪ Yeah, yeah... ♪ 
 I knew the Cabots' ownership would rear its ugly head. 
 I will fix this, Chubby, I promise. 
 Is she here? Downstairs. 
 Closer to her fiery home. 
 Recording your songs. 
 Okay. 
 So... Girl! 
 You've got some nerve! 
 Can you give us a minute? 
 Oh, we're gonna need more than a minute. 
 What is your problem?! 
 Using Chubby's as this... this cheap publicity stunt? 
 That's my song out there! 
 You know what, I thought you dating KO would make you a nicer person... 
 We broke up. 
 I don't understand why you're here, worried about a song, when you should be worried about Alex. 
 Wait, what... What are you talking about? 
 He's not returning my calls. 
 You know, maybe you're here, focusing on me to avoid the real problem? 
 My brother is using again. 
 And he won't talk to me, Josie. 
 But... maybe he'll talk to you. 
 Hello, everybody. Welcome to my Pepper Plant... and I'm glad you're here. 
 Oh, bloody hell. 
 ♪ Some folks like to get away ♪ 
 ♪ For a holiday ♪ 
 ♪ From the neighborhood ♪ 
 ♪ Hop a flight to Miami Beach ♪ 
 ♪ Or out to Hollywood ♪ 
 ♪ I'm taking a Greyhound ♪ 
 ♪ On the Hudson River line ♪ 
 ♪ I'm in a New York ♪ 
 ♪ State of mind ♪ 
 I rushed here as soon as I saw the news. 
 Ma petite chien's first time in the clink. 
 Where have you been? 
 You took Chad's money and you left me high and dry. 
 Not at all. We're partners. 
 Which is exactly what I told your landlady this morning when she tried to board this place up. 
 Why would you steal from me? 
 I did it for you. I took that sad little cash and I used it to buy my way into a much bigger payoff. 
 Do you see that man over there? 
 That's Lucian Gotti, the largest garment supplier in the Italian black market. 
 And he thinks that we're leather brokers for celebrities. 
 Come on. Big con with your Auntie Freesia? 
 Then you could pay off the vultures and you can buy this building outright. 
 Katy, I, uh, have the pieces for the window. 
 Pieces you designed? Or... 
 I deserve that. 
 I designed them. Alone. I made sure of it. 
 Katy, you were right. I stole from you. 
 And from the apprentices before you. 
 Why? 
 You don't have to. I have seen your work, you're a good designer. 
 I don't know. I willfully risked the only things that matter to me. 
 My name... and you. 
 Have I lost you? 
 I feel like I've lost me. 
 Well, I know what you're capable of. 
 You have every reason to say no to this, but... 
 I want you to be my Lead Designer at House of LaMontagne. 
 You want me to design for you? 
 Pays well, which you might need once Lacy's closes. 
 This'll launch you as a designer. 
 I mean, that's... that's all I ever wanted. 
 You've earned it, Katy, with your talent and hard work. 
 Guy... I can be a better designer and a better man... if you're by my side. 
 Please consider it. 
 Wait a minute... Guy offered you Lead Designer? 
 Damn, Keene. Yeah, well, from someone who's had her art taken from her: run, girl! 
 I know. That was my first thought, too. 
 But Guy owned up to it. 
 And he's not using those stolen designs in his collection. 
 Lacy's is closing, you guys, and I have just been offered the opportunity of a lifetime. 
 When I didn't get into Parsons, that was a huge setback for me. 
 This job could get me back on track. 
 I just still can't believe Lacy's is closing. 
 I mean, I just got hired. 
 Lacy's, this apartment... 
 I mean, are we the only people in this city who care about holding onto the past? 
 Listen, the leeches can raze the block if they want to, because I... huh-huh... will not be going! Not without a fight. 
 Speaking of leeches, Xandra said that Alex is relapsing. 
 What? And I know that she's right, and I-I have to talk to him. I just... 
 You know, sometimes I wonder... where would I be right now if I hadn't met Alex that day in the park? 
 Hm. You know, in the Sliding Doors version of my life, maybe I'd be at the bottom, but my voice would still belong to me. 
 You know? 
 Do you guys ever imagine what could have been? 
 Ach! Like... what if I would have said yes to KO's proposal? 
 Ooh. I could just be myself with him, 100%. 
 Ladies, as much as we may covet the road not taken, and, you know, Gwyneth Paltrow's pixie cut, I really do believe that just because the path gets rocky, it doesn't mean that it's wrong. 
 That's very wise, wise advice, Jorge, but also, Katy... Yeah. 
 Xandra and KO broke up. 
 Oh, my God, he's tech avail! 
 I mean, that's... that's sad. 
 You know, if they're sad. 
 So, how... how is Pepper doing? 
 She's good, I mean, considering. 
 You know, maybe you should try reaching out. 
 No, Jose, I can't. I... 
 I thought that I was ready, but I can't... 
 I can't forgive her just yet. 
 I need some legal advice, and since you're working at the mayor's office now, you're just the Buzz to ask. 
 I already did a little digging. Mm. 
 The only thing that can stop an eminent domain takeover is political action. If you gather enough signatures, you can bring the petition to a city council meeting and try blocking the sale. 
 How many Juanita Hancocks? 
 You need at least 10,000 to be taken seriously. 
 Ten... How am I supposed to do that?! 
 Well, I'd offer to help, but... you're already counting on that, aren't you? 
 Mm-hmm. The Daily Hail would love to get the exclusive on everything that led up to your arrest... the Pepper Smith Story, by Pepper Smith herself. 
 What do you say? 
 Well, I, um, can't right now, but, um... Okay. 
 I'll think about it? Ciao. 
 Dad! A sight for sore eyes. 
 I've been worried sick, Pepper. 
 Oh, I hate to hear that, but there's nothing to fret over now. 
 Other than what chairs to get your new apartment. 
 Not a recliner. About that... 
 I'm not gonna buy the Georgia studio after all. 
 But that apartment was your dream! 
 The board rejected my offer. 
 What? How could they? 
 Ah. 
 Because of my arrest. 
 Oh, God, Dad, I'm so sorry. 
 Well, mark my words. 
 One day, I will get you the penthouse! 
 I don't want you to do that. 
 Not if it means scamming or conning or whatever else they accused you of. 
 Why'd you do it, Pep? 
 It's my fault. 
 I pretended to have more than I actually did in order to get what I wanted. 
 You don't have to pretend to be someone else. 
 You're more than enough just the way you are. 
 And if you ever get yourself in a sticky situation again, you call me for help. You hear me? 
 I'm accepting your offer, Guy. 
 I want to be Lead Designer of House of LaMontagne. 
 But I want stock options, full benefits, an annual bonus and my own line in three years' time. 
 You can have anything you want. 
 Why? Because then you won't feel so guilty? 
 No, because I can't put a price tag on your talent. 
 I have a long way to go, but I'm willing to put the work in to earn your trust back. 
 Whatever it takes, Katy. 
 I love you. 
 Ever since you first dragged me here to Lacy's, I knew the world would be better if I got to see it through your eyes. 
 That... That night feels like forever ago. 
 Barely remember that girl. 
 Funny, I can't forget her. 
 Uh, we'll announce your new position at my show. 
 Good. Thank you. 
 Guy, you have to reach out to your past apprentices... apologize, make it right. 
 Katy, I'm making it right with you. 
 I've made mistakes, but I have to move forward. 
 You understand that, right? 
 Yeah. 
 I'll see you at the show. 
 Yeah, promise me one thing? 
 No dresses with big red hearts? 
 Hi, yes. Ya know, the city's trying to turn my family's building into an Equinox... 
 Ooh, there's gonna be an Equinox here? 
 Finally. 
 Señora Carrera, please sign my petition! 
 I'll forgive you for that time that your Shih Tzu nipped at my ankle. 
 Of course, Jorge. 
 It's awful, what they're doing, isn't it? 
 Bless your heart, Señora Carrera. 
 Mwah! Mwah! 
 Spread the word now. Ha ha ha! Hey! 
 Amanda, this is my last week. 
 I'm going to work full-time for Guy as one of his designers, and he's asked me to start right away. 
 Well, that's a big deal! 
 Why don't you sound happy? 
 Because even though he says that he's... changed, I still think that he's a bad guy. 
 His past apprentices, they quit fashion because of him. 
 So this is about morals, or whatever?! 
 Oh, my... Get over it, Katy Keene! 
 This is a very chic job. 
 And if you're planning on leaving early, I'd appreciate it if you'd clear up all of your stuff now. 
 That way I can spread out. 
 Amanda... it's okay to be sad Lacy's is closing, you know. 
 What is there to be sad about? 
 It's just a store. 
 She took good care of us. 
 She did... didn't she? 
 ♪ It's not simple to say ♪ 
 ♪ That most days I don't recognize me ♪ 
 ♪ That these shoes and this apron ♪ 
 ♪ That place and its patrons ♪ 
 ♪ Have taken more than I gave them ♪ 
 ♪ It's not easy to know ♪ 
 ♪ I'm not anything like I used to be ♪ 
 ♪ Although it's true ♪ 
 ♪ I was never attention's sweet center ♪ 
 ♪ I still remember that girl ♪ 
 ♪ And you're not what I asked for ♪ 
 ♪ If I'm honest, I know ♪ 
 ♪ I would give it all back ♪ 
 ♪ For a chance to start over ♪ 
 ♪ And rewrite an ending or two ♪ 
 ♪ For that girl that I knew ♪ 
 ♪ Who was reckless just enough ♪ 
 ♪ Who gets hurt ♪ 
 ♪ But who learns how to toughen up ♪ 
 ♪ When she's bruised ♪ 
 ♪ And gets used by a man who can't love ♪ 
 ♪ Then she'll get stuck ♪ 
 ♪ And be scared ♪ 
 ♪ Of the life that's inside her ♪ 
 ♪ Getting stronger each day ♪ 
 ♪ 'Til it finally reminds her ♪ 
 ♪ To fight just a little ♪ 
 ♪ To bring back the fire in her eyes ♪ 
 ♪ That's been gone ♪ 
 ♪ But it used to be ♪ 
 ♪ Mine ♪ 
 Hey, it's me, Katy. 
 Can we meet? It's important. 
 Katy, I literally just stepped off a plane from Mustique. 
 What is so important? 
 My friend Jorge is fighting to save his family's building, and we should do the same for Lacy's. 
 I've moved on, and you should too. 
 What about Guy LaMontagne? 
 That's a whole other story, ending with an offer for me to be his Lead Designer. So what's the problem? 
 My mom. She compromised her life, sacrificed her dreams, all because a man got in the way. 
 And I've been doing a lot of thinking. 
 I couldn't live with myself knowing what he did to those other women, so I called him and I... 
 I turned down his offer. 
 I must say, I'm relieved that history isn't repeating itself. 
 Gloria, fight this. 
 All right, I'm in. 
 But we'll need to find a buyer with clout, someone who's willing to pay more than Mr. Cabot. 
 I have an idea. There's some baggage attached, but it's nothing that we can't handle together. 
 So, um, I noticed that you were drinking at the Pepper Plant the other night, and we never talked about it. 
 It was just a couple drinks. 
 From my experience with my dad, one drink is too many. So, what's goin' on? 
 When I went back to my dad for help, it triggered me. 
 And that's it? You haven't had a drink since? 
 Yeah, that's it. I even called my sponsor. 
 Look, Josie, this back-and-forth with my family, it has to stop. 
 Like Xandra stealing your music, my dad causing me to relapse... 
 I-I just need a fresh start, Josie. 
 I think we both do. 
 What... What are you talking about? 
 Let's move away together. Escape my crazy family. 
 I mean, you're losing this apartment anyway. 
 The... perfect timing for it. 
 Where would we go?! LA! 
 I-I-I got... I got music contacts there. 
 We can sneak away on the Cabot jet as soon as you're ready. 
 Your nose, it's... What? Oh. 
 No, it's fine, it's fine. It's... It's the dry air. 
 Here. Can you just sit down so that I can help you? I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. 
 Look, I'll call you later. Alex! 
 Wait, you forgot your... 
 Sis, I've been canvassing all day, and all I got was a measly 200 signatures. 
 You may have come to the right place, my dear. 
 As luck would have it, the Daily Hail asked yours truly to be the guest editor on their upcoming issue, and now I know exactly what article to write. 
 Are you familiar with Miss Subways? 
 Yes, my ballet-jazz teacher won in 2012. 
 Well, the current recipient just relinquished her crown, and I believe we can get the rightful queen to take her place. 
 JLo? Ginger! 
 We can have the coronation at Riverside Park! 
 A performance! And voilà: the press, the people, the signatures! 
 But wait, Pep. I mean, you know how my dad feels about Ginger. 
 If I bring her out in front of his friends, in front of the whole community, he may never talk to me again. 
 And you know what? 
 That's his problem, not mine. 
 Let's save the block, shall we? 
 Alex. Thanks for meeting me. 
 Xandra, what are you doing here? 
 I called your sister because I'm worried about you. 
 You gotta be kidding me. 
 I know we've had our ups and downs... but I care about you. 
 Is my dad putting you up to this? 
 No, it's not about him. 
 It's not about your dad or Xandra or me. 
 We're just trying to help you because we love you. 
 You know what, I don't need this. 
 I expect this from Xandra. 
 Never from you, Josie. 
 I found cocaine in your coat, Alex. 
 You're gonna go back to rehab. 
 We have a car waiting for you. 
 Hey, Pepper. Katy! 
 I'm still working on getting the Sunset Diamonds purse back. 
 Don't worry about it, Pepper. 
 Mrs. Lacy is too busy selling the store to Mr. Cabot to even notice. 
 My love, I am... so sorry. 
 For everything. 
 But I promise you that I am going to do everything differently from now on. 
 I just hope that you can forgive me. 
 I can forgive the lies eventually, Pep, but... there's something else that's been bothering me. 
 I would give anything to have one of my parents in my life. 
 I don't even know my father's name. 
 But you have somebody you can call. 
 Your adoptive father, who you seem to adore, he's been in New York this whole time... and you kept him from me. 
 You're right. 
 And he's such a good man. 
 I don't know what's wrong with me. 
 Pepper, no. 
 There's nothing wrong with you. 
 I mean, all these things that you think you need to hide about yourself, those are the things that make you so special. 
 In these last few days, my life has been less without you. 
 Like Céline without Phoebe Philo. 
 Like New York without Lacy's. 
 Yeah. 
 Well, about that, Gloria and I have a plan to save it. 
 But I need your help with something else. 
 Guy offered me to be his Lead Designer... but I didn't accept it. 
 I have to get out from under him. 
 Good, 'cause you've been hidden in that attic of his for far too long. 
 Show the world who you are without him. 
 That's where you come in. 
 What's the plan, Katy Keene? 
 Well... it is Fashion Week, so let's put on a show. 
 Hi, Lauren, my name is Katy Keene. 
 I used to work for Guy LaMontagne. 
 I found your number in one of your sketch books? 
 Exactly, um, the one that he stole. 
 Look, I know that it's last minute, but how do you feel about finally getting your time in the sun? 
 Are you really here to watch me clean up your mess? 
 It's ephemera, and I... came here to thank you for helping with Alex. 
 I just want him to be okay. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 I've been thinking about how to repay you, and... you know, why don't you join my band? 
 Xandra, my entire life I imagined the day when I would turn on the radio and hear one of my songs. 
 And of all the things that you've taken from me, the fact that it was your voice singing my song... that hurt the most. 
 That's what I'm offering. 
 It would be both of us... together. 
 You know what... no shade... I have my own band, okay? 
 And after everything that's happened, I am gonna write new songs. 
 And they are gonna be even better, because I can. 
 Actually, there is one thing that you could help me with. 
 There's this party in Washington Heights. 
 It's to save the block we all live on. 
 And... you should come. 
 All right, how's everybody doin' today? 
 Yes! 
 Well, as your current reigning Miss Washington Heights, I am proud to announce the new winner of this year's Miss Subways competition. 
 A queen who has shown commitment to this neighborhood and who rides that A Train like a bad bitch. 
 Halleloo! 
 The winner is... 
 Miss Ginger Lopez! 
 Whoo! 
 Thank you, Miss Deveraux! 
 Thank you so much for coming today. 
 Like a lot of you out there, my parents moved to the Heights with nothing but two suitcases. 
 They left all they knew behind. 
 It's one of the last places in New York where artists, like my friends... 
 Yes! ... could still afford to live. 
 Artists that I ride the A Train with every single day. 
 Whoo! Everybody, if you haven't signed the petition to stop the developers, please do so now. 
 Because we cannot let them price us out of our American Dream! 
 And now... 
 ♪ Come on, shake your body, baby, do the conga ♪ 
 ♪ I know you can't control yourself any longer ♪ 
 ♪ Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger ♪ 
 ♪ Don't you fight it 'til you tried it, do that conga beat ♪ Eso! Hey! 
 Oh! 
 
 
 
 ♪ Feel the fire of desire ♪ 
 ♪ As you dance the night away ♪ Whoo! 
 ♪ 'Cause tonight we're gonna party ♪ 
 ♪ 'Til we see the break of day ♪ Eeoww! 
 ♪ Better get yourself together ♪ 
 ♪ And hold on to what you've got ♪ Oh, yeah! 
 ♪ Once the music hits your system ♪ 
 ♪ There's no way your gonna stop ♪ Ahhhh... 
 ♪ Come on, shake your body baby, do that conga ♪ 
 ♪ I know you can't control yourself any longer ♪ 
 ♪ Feel the rhythm of the music getting stronger ♪ 
 ♪ Don't you fight it 'til you tried it, do that conga beat ♪ 
 I'm so proud of you! 
 We did it. 
 We got enough signatures to try to save this place! 
 Never underestimate the power of Gloria Estefan. 
 Dad... say something. 
 You're so brave, hijo. 
 And you are much braver than me. 
 Do you know how proud your Tio Alberto would have been? 
 Seeing you up there? 
 Dad, what does that have to do with anything? 
 It was his idea to buy this building. 
 But he had secrets that he kept from us. 
 And from me. 
 And I'm ashamed because I kept them from you, too. 
 We didn't find out until it was too late. 
 Find out what, Dad? 
 Your uncle died of AIDS, hijo. 
 He was gay and... and he didn't tell anybody. 
 I couldn't protect my little brother because I didn't know. 
 And by the time I figured out what was wrong, he was in the hospital. 
 There was nothin' left of him. 
 Look, it was wrong... You... but that's why I reacted how I did when you came out. 
 And why I've been so hard on you about Ginger. 
 I'm afraid that I can't protect you... and that I'm gonna lose you... like I lost your tio. 
 Papi! 
 It's okay. 
 It's okay, Dad. 
 Because there's no more secrets. 
 And from now on, we protect each other. 
 Okay? Okay. 
 Hey... you wanna go to a fashion show? 
 ♪ Life's better when you're on top, baby ♪ 
 ♪ Drink me up like I'm cherry pop... ♪ 
 There. 
 I am so happy that people are gonna see that suit walk the runway and know that it is a Lauren Liu original. 
 I can't believe you pulled this off, Katy. 
 You are literally an angel from fashion heaven. 
 Katy, Guy's here. He's downstairs. 
 ♪ Life's better when you're on top ♪ 
 ♪ Life's better when you're on top ♪ 
 Hi. 
 I'm glad you came. 
 What is this, Katy? 
 What's happening in there? 
 A fashion show. 
 Showcasing the past apprentices that you stole from and then black-listed from the industry. 
 It's not enough that you reject my job offer, you also have to humiliate me? 
 No. Your name will not even be mentioned. 
 I know that this is a huge risk, and that going up against the... great Guy LaMontagne means that I may never, ever work again in fashion, but... it's one I have to take. 
 So, if you will excuse me, it is almost showtime. 
 ♪ Now here you go again ♪ 
 ♪ You say you want your freedom ♪ 
 ♪ Well, who am I to keep you down? ♪ 
 ♪ It's only right that you should ♪ I love you. ♪ Play the way you feel it ♪ 
 ♪ But listen carefully ♪ 
 ♪ To the sound of your loneliness ♪ 
 ♪ Like a heartbeat, drives you mad ♪ 
 ♪ In the stillness of ♪ 
 ♪ Remembering what you had ♪ 
 ♪ And what you lost ♪ ♪ Ahhh ♪ 
 ♪ And what you had ♪ 
 ♪ Ahhh ♪ 
 ♪ Ahhhh, ahhhh ♪ 
 ♪ When the rain washes you clean ♪ 
 ♪ You'll know ♪ 
 ♪ You will know ♪ 
 ♪ Oh-oh-oh, you'll know ♪ My darling Pepper, you sure know how to put on a show. 
 Are you ready to put your skills to work on our new con? 
 Ms. Freesia... with all due respect, I've decided that I can't take part in any more of your cons. 
 Not now, not ever. 
 Dear, I know that you were a little shaken with the arrest, but that only happened because you were out there on your own. 
 You know... for the longest time, you made me feel like I had to pretend to be someone in order to make it in the world, and that that was my lot in life and my only option. 
 Well, now I know that that's just not true. 
 What's this? 
 That is your initial investment in the Pepper Plant, with interest. 
 I'm buying you out of my life for good. 
 And where did you even get this money? 
 Did some rich boy see your picture in the paper? 
 Wanted to save the pretty blonde orphan? 
 No. My dad gave me that money. 
 Because he believes in me. He loves me. 
 We're done. 
 And I never want to see you again. 
 Katy? Hi. 
 I'd like to introduce you to a friend of mine. 
 This is... Francesca Arnault. 
 The Dean of Parsons. Hi! 
 I heard you applied to Parsons this year. 
 I did! Uh, I know that it's cutthroat, but I plan to try again next year. 
 Today, out on that runway, I not only saw your talent, I saw a designer who lifts up other designers. 
 And that's hard to come by. 
 Miss Keene, I'd love to offer you a place in this year's incoming class at Parsons. 
 What she means to say is "Thank you". 
 Yes! Yes! 
 Thank you! 
 Gonna get lit, girl! 
 You did it! 
 Katy? Honey, what's wrong? 
 Ahhh. 
 This is the best news I've gotten all year... and all I want to do is share it with KO. 
 I miss him. 
 I want him back. 
 Then you're gonna have to run. 
 He's movin' to Philly. 
 He finally accepted that offer to train at Joe Frazier's gym. 
 Wait, when does his train leave? 
 ... train 349 now departing Platform 3. 
 349 now departing Platform 3. 
 KO! 
 Wait. 
 I know that goodbyes are hard, but come on, you cannot leave me in the lurch like this. 
 Does that sound like something I would do, Katy? 
 When I decided to move, you were the first person that I wanted to tell. 
 I came to Lacy's, but you were with Guy, and... 
 No, there is nothing going on with me and Guy. 
 Not anymore. 
 I got into Parsons. 
 What?! 
 Katy! 
 It's... It's a long story, but I knew it wouldn't feel real unless I told you. 
 It feels real now. 
 I'm so happy for you, Katy. 
 Thank you. I'm happy for you, too. 
 KO? What? 
 I just wanted to say that... 
 This is your dream and you need to chase it. 
 I'll see you? 
 Yeah. 
 For decades, Lacy's has been a New York landmark. 
 A fashion destination, a mecca, for shoppers and designers alike. 
 Unfortunately, it is with great sadness that I share that we will be closing our doors... 
 Wait! 
 There's been a change. 
 As the new owner of Lacy's, I would like to announce that this establishment will remain open... for as long as I have a say. 
 Well, Your Majesty, you can't own a department store. I can. 
 As of yesterday, I stepped down from the Royal Family. 
 I'm financially independent, and I beat out the competing offer from Cabot by appealing to the board... 
 I promised to keep the store's legacy intact. 
 Your name. 
 And effective immediately, Ms. Grandbilt is reinstated as Head of Personal Shopping. 
 Lacy's is nothing without a Lacy. I agree. 
 See, your son Leo was not too happy to hear you were cashing out, so he's agreed to replace you. 
 Leo Lacy? And look! 
 On my mom's sewing machine, the same L.L. 
 What if my mom and Gloria were dating the same person? 
 I'm taking this up with the board! 
 By all means, Loretta... they're expecting you. 
 The Mayor says that we have enough signatures to save the block... thanks to Ginger. 
 I could not be more proud of my baby. 
 Mr. and Mrs. Lopez? 
 I'm Hiram Lodge. 
 I was so close to buying this block, until your family got in my way. 
 I was born in the Heights, and it's time for me to come home. 
 How are the sandwiches here? 
 It took a lot of heart to do what you did for Alex. 
 No, you know, I just hit reset, just like that. 
 I am single now. 
 And I have no music career and no songs to call my own. 
 But I am totally okay with that. 
 You know, Pepper, um, what you did for Jorge and the block and... 
 Katy's fashion show... you moved mountains. 
 It was incredible. 
 Thank you. 
 You know, we all have to start somewhere, so how would you feel about starting here, with me, as... my new manager? 
 You want me to be your manager. 
 Yeah, I believe in you. 
 You have no idea how much that means to me right now. 
 So... ? We have a deal! 
 Okay! I will not screw it up! 
 Good! 
 I couldn't do it. I couldn't tell KO how I felt. 
 What do you mean? You ran all the way to Grand Central Station! 
 And if I told him how I felt, then he wouldn't go to Philly and pursue his dream. Ah, yes. Philly. 
 You know, maybe there's a lesson here. 
 Maybe... I say that we all vow to stay single for at least a year so that we can focus on our dreams. 
 I love that. I do not! 
 Ohh! Ah! 
 JK. I'm down. 
 Well, I'm perma-single, so I'm in. 
 Great! This'll be fun! 
 Yeah. 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 Guys, come on! 
 In life, we have to choose what we fight for, who we fight for. 
 I, for one, will always fight for my friends. 
 For my home, Lacy's on 5th. 
 And for my dream. 
 To be a designer on my terms... not anyone else's. 
 Good morning, Prince Errol. 
 Good morning, Katy. Just "Errol" is good. 
 Got it. Errol. 
 Reporting for duty? 
 I sure am. 
 Ahh. Gloria, I have those pencil skirts you requested... 
 Oh! I'm sorry. 
 Please don't apologize. Gloria just stepped out. 
 Are you... ? 
 One of Gloria's girls, yeah. 
 Oh, right. 
 I can't believe she's still making you call yourselves that. 
 And you are... ? Leo Lacy. 
 I guess you could say... everyone's new boss? 
 Hi. I... 
 I'm Katy. Katy Keene. 
 I think you might be my father. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 