Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Chapter Seven: Kiss of the Spider Woman - Katy Keene 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Chapter Seven: Kiss of the Spider Woman https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=926&t=36128 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/23/20 07:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Chapter Seven: Kiss of the Spider Woman 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Backstage at Molly's Crisis, my friend Jorge Lopez was working on his production of Kiss of the Spider Woman: The Musical. 
 ♪ Come and find me ♪ 
 ♪ Hear my song ♪ 
 ♪ Let me hold you ♪ 
 ♪ Here where you belong ♪ Meanwhile, I was caught in a web of guilt and darkness of my own creation. 
 Katy, it's customary to speak when a dignitary asks you a question. 
 You will design the dress for Prince Errol's fiancée, or won't you? 
 How could I possibly design a wedding dress for Patricia after accidentally sleeping with her husband-to-be? 
 Still waiting, Katy. 
 No. 
 What do you mean? Why not? 
 This is your dream. 
 Every designer in the world would murder for this chance. 
 Yes, experienced designers. 
 Patricia, thank you, truly, but you will want a household name. 
 Like Vera Wang. Oh. 
 Don't say no yet, Katy. Take a day. Think it over. 
 Thank you, Ms. Granbilt and Ms. Keene, for your time. 
 We'll check in soon, see how everything's coming along. 
 Hmm? 
 Patricia? 
 Oh, great. 
 I'm not worried about it at... 
 Darling! 
 Oh! I cannot wait to turn this fantastical, arachnid dream of yours into a real deal! 
 Look at you! With my direction, your new time slot will be the talk of the town! 
 And respectfully, may I ask, why Kiss of the Spider Woman? 
 Well! It's the perfect showcase for my drag and Broadway careers. I mean, I can channel the artistry of the window-dresser Molina and exude the seductive allure of his muse and tormenter, the Spider Woman. 
 And honor the diva saviors of my youth... 
 Chita, Conchita, and Vanessa! 
 Williams. Yes, right. Yes, of course. 
 Well, between Katy's costumes, Francois' direction, and my press connections, I mean, your Spider Woman will be the Grand Marshall of the Pride Parade this summer. 
 Perfect. 
 And since you're doing so much already as producer... 
 I was wondering if maybe you might want to help finance? 
 Well, since you are the Edie Sedgewick to my Warhol, why don't we host a presentation at The Pepper Plant to woo investors? 
 Wow the audience, collect the checks. Brilliant! 
 And just so I'm clear, your vision is to adapt the show and play both Molina and the Spider Woman, is that correct? 
 Yes, it's a one-queen show. 
 Ugh, could anything be more brilliant?! 
 Okay, I'm going to put the invite list together, and I know just where to start. 
 Josie, I'm sure you've heard all about Jorge's show at Molly's Crisis? 
 Yes, he asked for help arranging the music. 
 Huh. Well, the truth is, it's in a financial crisis that rivals Occupy Wall Street, so I'm hosting a little presentation at the Pepper Plant to lure investors. 
 Oh, that is a great idea. Mm. 
 I should have asked you to produce my listening party. 
 Alex is great, but he's just not... 
 Pushy? Yeah, you've got to be. 
 Case in point... 
 I would like you to invite Alex Cabot to our presentation tomorrow, see if he'd like to put a little money into an off-off-off Broadway show. 
 I don't know, Pep... Come on, Josie. 
 You bring him to the Plant tomorrow, and I'll take care of the rest. 
 You said that after the listening party, I'd be turning down gigs, but so far, crickets. 
 "Hi, Alex, how was your day? 
 Isn't it funny this is the first time you're seeing my apartment?" 
 Um, so Alex, I love our EP, but what good does it do if no one hears it? 
 Well, someone has. 
 A scout for the Apollo is interested in booking you. 
 Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, that is my dream... 
 If you get a few smaller gigs under your belt first, which I'm working on, it's just... the music industry doesn't quite know me yet. 
 Oh! Ooh! Mm! 
 I can help with that. Okay, so... 
 ... what if you produced something else? Right? 
 You get your name out there. 
 Jorge's musical needs backers. 
 There's a presentation tomorrow night. 
 Jorge's amazing. Count me in. 
 Hello. 
 Amanda said you had a migraine. 
 Yes, thanks to you. 
 I should explain... Save it. 
 The tremor of your guilty voice is like a tarantula crawling inside my skull. 
 No sane woman would turn down such an opportunity for herself... or for this store... for whatever reason. 
 Though I shudder to ask, what is your reason? 
 And that's when I first saw her... my personal Spider Woman. 
 ♪ Hear my song ♪ 
 ♪ Let me hold you ♪ 
 ♪ Here where you belong ♪ 
 Katy, I'm not hearing a reason. 
 I... I committed to making the costumes for a musical that my best friend is producing. 
 On Broadway? No. 
 It's a bar, Molly's Crisis? 
 But it is huge. 
 It's a giant cast with fifty-five changes, and I-I can't do both projects. 
 I don't speak Bohemian. 
 But are you seriously saying you're making costumes for an off-off-Broadway show instead of designing the centerpiece of a royal wedding the entire world will see? 
 I gave Jorge my word, and actually I have to run because he's putting on a backers' audition at the Pepper Plant, so... 
 It's willow bark. 
 It's supposed to be good for migraines. 
 Fine, Katy, leave. your lack of ambition is only making it worse. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ And the moon grows dimmer ♪ Hi. Excuse me. 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Supporting Jorge. 
 I've known him since I was 15, you know. 
 He thought this was Spider-Man: Turn off the Dark. 
 Isn't that adorable? 
 Remember when we saw that together? 
 I do. 
 I do, except for the show, it was a great night. 
 Is that a new jacket? It's nice. 
 Uh, thanks. Xandra got it for me as a thank-you for working long hours. 
 How have you been? Good. 
 Really good. I, um, I got asked to design a wedding dress for Patricia, who's marrying Prince Errol. 
 Are you gonna do it? Uh, maybe. 
 'Course you are. Why wouldn't you? 
 An opportunity like that? It's life-changing. 
 It's funny, Katy, when I saw you with that Prince at Lacy's, trying on rings, part of me thought that somehow you would start dating him. 
 It's crazy, right? 
 It's totally crazy. 
 Friends. 
 Welcome to the Pepper Plant! 
 Kiss of the Spider Woman is a bold expression of resilience. 
 One man, Molina, survives his tortured existence by conjuring the mysterious Spider Woman. 
 Now, without further ado... 
 ♪ You are beautiful, yes, you are ♪ 
 ♪ And I am warm and kind and gentle ♪ 
 ♪ Why don't you like me? ♪ 
 ♪ I don't know ♪ 
 ♪ Someday you will understand ♪ 
 ♪ I am your friend ♪ 
 ♪ Someday you will kiss me ♪ I thought this was a big production. 
 Conceptually, yes. Otherwise, no. 
 It's basically a solo show to showcase the performer's range. 
 Amazing. 
 ♪ Someday you will kiss me ♪ 
 ♪ Never, never, go away, go away! ♪ 
 ♪ Someday ♪ 
 ♪ You'll give in ♪ 
 ♪ Of course you will ♪ 
 ♪ All men do ♪ 
 ♪ Yes, all men kiss me ♪ 
 ♪ And you will too ♪ Overly indulgent. 
 ♪ You'll part my lips ♪ 
 ♪ And rest yours there ♪ 
 ♪ You'll run your fingers ♪ 
 ♪ Through my hair ♪ 
 ♪ When you kiss me! ♪ 
 ♪ And you will kiss me! ♪ 
 Errol! What are you doing here? What if someone sees you? 
 My security guys did a thorough sweep. 
 No! 
 And I had to see you, Katy. 
 I owe you an explanation. 
 Yeah, you have one minute to explain why you lied to me. 
 I didn't lie to you, I... 
 I really did end things with Patricia. 
 But then, our royal engagement photos came out, and my family... You can't blame this on them. 
 They said that it was too late to back out, that the scandal would ruin us. 
 That is so messed up. 
 I agree, it's perverse. And that's why I'm here. 
 I don't care if it's scandalous I want to be with you. 
 And if you feel the same way, Katy, I'll call off the wedding. What?! 
 No, Errol! No! Th... Uh... 
 It was a fling. It was a huge mistake, among the biggest of my life. 
 We both know that's not true. 
 Yes, actually, it is true. 
 And designing Patricia's wedding dress, that would be another mistake. It is wrong, on every level... ethically, artistically... 
 I couldn't live with myself. 
 So please, Errol, please, let's not make this any worse than it has to be. 
 Excuse me. 
 Guys, as you may have just heard, a prince just told me that he wants to leave his fiancée to be with me. 
 And meanwhile, his fiancée wants me to design her wedding dress. So, what do I do? 
 About the prince? Or the dress? 
 Or both? 
 Well, I'm obviously not running away with Errol. 
 Am I? 
 But is it awful to design Patricia's dress? 
 That's like, horrible karma, right? 
 Katy, I don't want to alarm you... What? 
 Don't. Don't. Just don't... 
 Oh, my God! Get it off! 
 Get it off, get it off! 
 No! Don't kill it! It's a good omen! 
 Ugh! 
 What do you mean? 
 So... how many offers to invest are we fielding? 
 Jorge, dear, a wise woman once said that there can be a hundred people in a room, and it doesn't matter if 99 of them don't believe in you, so long as one does. 
 Didn't get a single bite. 
 But all is not lost. 
 I did manage to raise some capital. 
 Nope. Not interested. 
 The musical was bizarre and self-indulgent. 
 That's what they said about Kinky Boots, and it won six Tonys. 
 So, you're saying my brother actually invested in that weird drag revival of Kiss of the Spider Woman? 
 The man knows art when he sees it. 
 What can I say? 
 Be real with me. 
 What, exactly, did you promise him? 
 Oh, I should have listened to Josie. 
 She warned me not to come to you. 
 "Don't waste your time, Pep. 
 Alex Cabot doesn't take big swings". 
 You want to take a big swing? 
 Fine. I'll invest in your musical, on one condition. 
 Alex wants Josie to play the Spider Woman? 
 Well, that boy is whipped. 
 Well, he's also just a good businessman. 
 Make the show a two-hander. 
 Give Josie the star turn. Get a wider audience. 
 In six months' time, we'll transfer from Molly's Crisis to the New Amsterdam. 
 Well, if anyone can make it happen, it's Jorge. 
 He's the next Billy Porter. 
 What? I'm allowed to watch Pose. 
 I trust KO. I want in. 
 But if this Hail Mary of a show actually does make it to Broadway, I get to play the Spider Woman, not Josie. 
 And before you question my bonafides, I did six summers at Stage Door Manor. 
 I can see it now. 
 Your name in lights. 
 Alexandra Cabot as the Spider Woman. 
 Josie McCoy as the Spider Woman. 
 Hell no! 
 I'm playing the Spider Woman. 
 I mean, the whole point of this show is to give Ginger the spotlight. 
 And now you're telling me that Josie's gonna be the Spider Woman? 
 Jorge, darling, there won't be a show, all right, without the Cabots' money. 
 And they want a more... traditional version. 
 You as Molina, and Josie as the Spider Woman. 
 We all know that Molina is the true star part, right? 
 Excuse me, I'm sorry, Ms. Chita Rivera and Ms. Vanessa Williams played the Spider Woman on Broadway. 
 Who played Molina? 
 Do you know? 
 Neither do I! 
 Once we open on Broadway, we'll pull a bait and switch and cast you as the Spider Woman. 
 Right, Pepper? Absolutely! 
 I can't wait to see Ginger's name up in lights. 
 I'll consider it. 
 But only because my dad may not be ready to see me in drag yet, if I even decide to invite him. 
 And... 
 ... you two are looking at one unhappy queen. 
 Hi. Amanda said you wanted to see me? 
 Sit. Tell me something, Katy. 
 Why do you need to make fifty-five costumes for a one-man show? 
 I know what designing the royal wedding dress means for Lacy's, but I have a very good reason to turn it down. 
 Would it have anything to do with the way Prince Errol looks at you? 
 I slept with him. 
 But I thought that he had ended it with Patricia. 
 I couldn't live with myself if my entire career was built around her wedding dress. 
 Funny. 
 I couldn't live with myself if I threw away the biggest opportunity of my life because of a man. 
 Gloria, this will not end well. 
 Katy, design this wedding dress. 
 Not for Patricia, for Lacy's. 
 And for yourself. 
 Okay, what's the big emergency now? 
 Well, it turns out your manager is much more cutthroat than you gave him credit for. 
 He wants to invest in Jorge's musical. 
 Mmm! But only if you agree to play the Spider Woman. 
 Oh, Pepper. 
 I can't do that to Jorge. 
 Well, he's going to lose the show anyway, without Alex's money. 
 So, technically, you'd be doing him a huge favor. 
 And may I remind you that no one cared about Jennifer Hudson's music until she did Dreamgirls... and she won an Oscar. 
 Okay. I'm in. 
 But only if it's okay with Jorge. 
 Fine. 
 Hmm. 
 Ooh! Clock this. 
 Are you gonna design Patricia's wedding dress? 
 Do I really have a choice? 
 Gloria won't take no for an answer. 
 And also, if I don't design the dress, will that give Errol the wrong message, that somehow I don't support his marriage? 
 Oh, girl, to be wanted by a prince, how very Cinderella in Into the Woods! 
 If I solve your problem, will you solve mine? 
 Yes, deal. 
 Design a wedding dress that... underwhelms Miss Patricia. 
 That way she'll be the one letting you down easy. 
 I can't deliver a purposefully bad design, Jorge. 
 Gloria will strangle me with a veil! 
 And that could haunt my career for the rest of my life. 
 I didn't say it had to be bad. 
 Design a masterpiece, but give it a little crack. 
 It'll turn Patricia off. 
 Katy, if anybody can do this, it's you. 
 You're a genius with complete control of her instrument. 
 That might actually work. 
 Great. Now, can we get back to me? 
 I don't want Josie to play the Spider Woman! 
 Jorge, when we were kids, Molina was the whole reason you fell in love with the musical in the first place. 
 You saw yourself in him. 
 No, I know... And also, Halloween, fourth grade, you wanted to dress up as Molina. 
 Until my dad said I had to be Danny Zuko instead. 
 Yeah, well, this time, your dad doesn't get a say. 
 Get up. Up up! 
 I got an idea. 
 Where are we going? 
 Consider this a refresher in the joys of being... 
 And playing! 
 ... a window dresser. Francois, let's show Jorge how it's done. 
 ♪ Dressing them up I love the dressing them up ♪ 
 ♪ The subtle tilt of a hat touches like that ♪ 
 ♪ Make me the best of the lot ♪ 
 ♪ At dressing them up I was the cream of the crop ♪ 
 ♪ The way I buckled the belt folded the felt ♪ 
 ♪ Helped me to get where I got ♪ 
 ♪ Before I got where I got ♪ 
 ♪ I was the absolute top ♪ 
 ♪ For example, once I asked for a Balenciaga scarf ♪ 
 ♪ To stuff in a mannequin's purse ♪ 
 ♪ They told me, no one on earth will see! ♪ 
 ♪ I answered, no one on earth but me! ♪ 
 ♪ I stood my ground as no other dresser does ♪ 
 ♪ And darling guess what? ♪ 
 ♪ Balenciaga, it was! ♪ 
 ♪ Dressing them up I was the crème de la crme ♪ 
 ♪ As I adjusted each hem ♪ 
 ♪ I kept on dazzling them ♪ 
 ♪ At my particular store ♪ 
 ♪ Which was the best in the town ♪ 
 ♪ You'd never catch them wearing a frown ♪ 
 ♪ Or catch them dressing me down ♪ 
 ♪ For my finesse at dressing them up ♪ 
 ♪ Raise that skirt, just an inch or two ♪ 
 ♪ Add some rouge, just a pinch or two ♪ 
 ♪ Stuff that gauze, make her bustier ♪ 
 ♪ Ooh! That frock, too much red in it! ♪ 
 ♪ I would not be caught dead in it ♪ 
 ♪ Well... ♪ 
 ♪ You'll never catch them wearing a frown ♪ 
 ♪ Or catch them dressing me down ♪ 
 ♪ For my finesse at dressing them up! ♪ 
 ♪ I had the touch thank you very much! ♪ 
 Okay, okay, y'all made your point. 
 I'll share the stage with Josie, but... you better believe I'm stealing every scene I'm in. 
 In that case, Jorge, you have to invite your dad and show him what a star you are. 
 Ay, no, Papi, under the sink. 
 Mom, Dad, what's going on here? 
 Your mother is trying to give me another hernia. 
 Que basta. 
 Four units have reported spiders, so we're taking precautions. 
 Last thing we need is an infestation. 
 Ignacio in 2C has arachnophobia. 
 Ay, por favor, he needs to relax. 
 Okay, there are worse things than a few extra bugs around. 
 You're telling me. 
 I've been hearing about a string of attacks on gays in the neighborhood. 
 You need to be careful, Jorge. 
 No more walking in the street alone at night. 
 Mami, sadly, homophobia is not a new thing. 
 In more positive news, your son is starring in his own production of Kiss of the Spider Woman! 
 Mijo, that's fantastic! 
 I love Kiss of the Spider Woman. 
 I saw it on Broadway, with Miss Chita Rivera... 
 ... twelve times! 
 Will you guys come see the show? 
 We're gonna go up at Molly's Crisis. 
 Of course! We wouldn't miss it! 
 Great! So... 
 Bueno, Papi, keep it up. 
 We have two more floors to spray. 
 So weird... Papi, is this a good idea? 
 Well, you guys always say you wanna see me perform. 
 Now's your chance, Mami. Yeah, tell me the truth, are you playing Spider Woman as Ginger? 
 Because I'm not sure how your father will react to this, seeing you as a woman. Don't worry. 
 I'm just playing Molina. 
 But what if I was performing as Ginger? Would... 
 Would you be ashamed of me? 
 I have never been ashamed of you. 
 Not once. You're my son. 
 My perfect son. 
 ♪ You could never shame me ♪ 
 ♪ There, I've told you so ♪ 
 ♪ Many things confuse me ♪ 
 ♪ But this I know ♪ 
 ♪ Some other ♪ 
 ♪ Mamas have children ♪ 
 ♪ Whose secrets hurt them so ♪ 
 ♪ But you have no secrets ♪ 
 ♪ I already know ♪ 
 ♪ And you could never shame me ♪ 
 ♪ Let me say out loud ♪ 
 ♪ I've a son ♪ 
 ♪ A loving son ♪ 
 ♪ Who makes ♪ 
 ♪ Me ♪ 
 ♪ Proud ♪ 
 Your father and I love you so much. 
 Maybe one day you can tell him about Ginger, and I will be right there with you. 
 But trust me, he's not ready. 
 Not yet. 
 Patricia... this is what I'm seeing for your wedding dress. 
 Surprising, right? 
 Yeah, I wanted to keep it simple, clean and timeless. 
 Well, I like timeless, but... also, I want it to look at least a little royal. 
 Oh, God, Patricia, of course you do. 
 And you should. 
 I will admit, I tried going bigger, but nothing felt right. I... 
 I think I might have bitten off more than I can chew. 
 I just think I might be too green for this. 
 So, if you want to switch to a more established designer, which makes total sense, I will completely understand, and I will put you in touch with the right person. 
 I am still thinking Vera Wang. 
 Katy, you are not too green, you're just a little scared. 
 Try again. 
 For me. 
 I know that you can get this right. 
 Great. 
 So here's what I need you to do. 
 On the left, we have money in and on the right, expenses. 
 Well, if I'm reading this correctly, you have twice as much money as you need to produce the show. 
 Jorge gets his show, Alex and Xandra each see what their money made possible, and we pocket a little something for the Pepper Plant. 
 Best of all, nobody gets hurt. 
 What do you think? 
 Brilliant. 
 You're brilliant. 
 
 
 
 Teach me everything. 
 Oh, Didi, where to begin? 
 ♪ You've got to learn how not to be where you are ♪ 
 ♪ The more you face reality the more you scar ♪ 
 ♪ So close your eyes and you'll become a movie star ♪ 
 ♪ Why must you stay where you are? ♪ 
 ♪ And if you find that you land in jail ♪ 
 ♪ A little fantasy will not fail ♪ 
 ♪ It's just as simple as ABC ♪ 
 ♪ Come up here ♪ 
 ♪ Play with me ♪ 
 ♪ Play with me ♪ 
 ♪ And if you find that you land in jail ♪ 
 ♪ A little fantasy will not fail ♪ 
 ♪ It's just as simple as ABC ♪ 
 ♪ Come up here ♪ ♪ Come up here ♪ 
 ♪ Play with me ♪ ♪ Play with me ♪ 
 ♪ Turn off the lights and turn on your mind ♪ 
 ♪ And I can promise you you will find ♪ 
 ♪ You will like my plan ♪ 
 ♪ My sweetest fan ♪ 
 ♪ My leading man ♪ 
 ♪ Anywhere ♪ 
 ♪ You ♪ 
 ♪ Are ♪ 
 Here we go. For real this time. 
 ♪ Lips are waiting ♪ 
 ♪ Pain will cease ♪ 
 Get a grip, Katy. 
 Oh! Wait, where the hell did you come from?! 
 Cupid Couriers. Flower Delivery. 
 Can you sign? 
 Thanks. 
 _ 
 So, you're seeing ghosts now, Katy, that's what you're telling me? 
 No, not ghosts. A specter. 
 A manifestation of my guilt. 
 Guilt. Explain that to me. 
 When Errol and I got together, I wasn't betraying anyone because I truly thought he and Patricia were done. 
 But they are together now, and making Patricia's dress, I cannot help it, that also feels like a betrayal, and I just don't think I can live with the guilt. 
 Oh? You don't think you can live with the guilt? 
 Well, I'll say this one more time. 
 You will design this dress. 
 I look forward to seeing Patricia in the poufy, princessy dress of her dreams. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, my to-do list awaits. 
 Okay, okay, let's run it from the end of the first act. 
 "Gimme Love", Josie, when you're ready. 
 ♪ If there's an earthquake, I will not attend ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme kisses, gimme love ♪ 
 ♪ If there's a plague don't invite me, my friend ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme kisses, gimme love, love, love ♪ 
 ♪ But if you want to keep me ♪ 
 ♪ Looking in your direction ♪ 
 ♪ Let's make ♪ 
 ♪ Love ♪ 
 ♪ It's like giving to the needy ♪ 
 ♪ And I don't mind being greedy ♪ 
 ♪ Come on, Chico, please be speedy ♪ 
 ♪ And bring me what I long for ♪ 
 ♪ If there's a fire don't bring me a hose ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme kisses, gimme love ♪ 
 ♪ Call me a coward, that's true, I suppose ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme kisses, gimme love, love, love ♪ 
 ♪ But all I want is beauty, so ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme, Gimme, Gimme, Gimme ♪ ♪ Hugs ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme, Gimme, Gimme, Gimme ♪ ♪ Squeezes ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme, Gimme, Gimme, Gimme ♪ ♪ Lips ♪ 
 ♪ Gimme, Gimme, Gimme, Gimme ♪ ♪ Kisses ♪ 
 ♪ So let's not make more trouble ♪ 
 ♪ Let's make love! ♪ Brava, Josie! Brava! 
 You're a star! You'd make Chita proud! 
 Oh, Katy! 
 What have you done? 
 I can't do it, Francois. 
 I cannot design this dress for Patricia. 
 Francois, I... 
 I slept with Prince Errol. 
 And putting myself in Patricia's shoes, I wouldn't want to walk down the aisle in a dress made by someone that my husband-to-be had feelings for. 
 Errol bought me flowers. 
 He said that he wanted to leave Patricia for me. 
 And what did you say? 
 No, of course. 
 Oh. 
 I know it's crazy to give up such a huge shot, and Gloria might actually kill me, but... 
 I have to listen to my heart. 
 I-I can't make this dress. 
 Your moral compass is a perplexing, beautiful thing, Katy. 
 But, Katy, I don't want your integrity, or this abomination, to torpedo your career. 
 So, may I make one suggestion? 
 Guy. Guy. Hi. Yeah. 
 Excuse me. So sorry. 
 Francois told me that you were getting your atelier set up, but right now, I really need your help. 
 So, you have designed eleven very high-profile wedding dresses, my favorite being the show-stopper you debuted in Milan. 
 Yeah. Tabloids have a field day anytime I do bridal. 
 For the record, I never actually slept with any of those brides. 
 It's just hearsay. 
 I wish I could say the same. 
 You... and the prince! 
 I know, it's hard to believe, but yet here we are. 
 Well, if it makes it easier, think of it like this... 
 You gave Errol his last hurrah, and now he'll be forever faithful to Patricia. 
 I didn't come to you for advice, Guy, I need to ask you for a favor. 
 ♪ How is he? ♪ 
 ♪ I want to see him ♪ I don't know how much more of this he can endure. 
 What makes a man like that so brave? 
 Love, you fool, love! 
 That's my line. 
 Josie, girl, I'm sorry, but I am gonna have to take back the role of the Spider Woman. 
 Alex got the talent booker from the Apollo to come see me in this. 
 Well, can't you invite them to something else? 
 Jorge, you have the biggest role in the show. 
 Why can't you just let me do my thing as Spider Woman? 
 Because. 
 I've been too scared to take the leap, but... 
 I want my dad to see the real me, to see me in drag. 
 I know it's just a baby step, but it's still a step. 
 Ladies... call me Hal Prince because I just had a brilliant idea. 
 Katy, it's... 
 it's gorgeous. 
 I... 
 I didn't design or make this dress, Patricia. 
 It's a Guy LaMontagne original. 
 One day I will be ready, but until then, you deserve a designer who will elevate you beyond this moment. 
 Guy is that designer. 
 And I knew that this would be your dream dress because it's mine, too. 
 Thank you. 
 Well... let's get you out of that dream and wrap this up, shall we? 
 God, Katy, leave a man waiting. 
 What did Pattycake say? 
 She loved it. 
 So... thank you for saving me. 
 I was in way over my head. 
 You want to buy me dinner as a real thank-you? 
 Ah, I can't. 
 My friends are doing this off-Broadway show downtown. 
 I'm headed there right now. 
 Unless... you wouldn't want to go with me, would you? 
 Uhh... 
 I designed the costumes. 
 Okay, I'm intrigued, but I might make fun of the show after. 
 You know, you almost seem like a nice person sometimes, but you're actually terrible, aren't you? 
 Well. That depends which one you prefer. 
 The teeth, the lips, the tip of the tongue! 
 The teeth, the lips, the tip of the tongue! 
 I'm here! I'm here! Hi! 
 Not late. I am here. 
 So, as luck would have it, we have two options for the Spider Woman's final look. 
 So, who am I fitting? 
 ♪ Sooner or later you're certain to meet ♪ 
 ♪ In the bedroom, the parlor, or even the street ♪ 
 ♪ There's no place on Earth you're likely to miss ♪ 
 ♪ Her kiss ♪ 
 ♪ Sooner or later, in sunlight or bloom ♪ 
 ♪ When the red candles flicker, she'll walk in the room ♪ 
 ♪ And the curtains will shake and the fire will hiss ♪ 
 ♪ Here comes her kiss ♪ 
 ♪ And the moon glows dimmer ♪ 
 ♪ At the tide's low ebb ♪ 
 ♪ And her black beads shimmer ♪ 
 ♪ And you're aching to move ♪ 
 ♪ But you're caught in the web ♪ 
 ♪ Of the Spider Woman ♪ 
 ♪ In her velvet cape ♪ 
 ♪ You can scream ♪ 
 ♪ But you cannot escape ♪ 
 ♪ Sooner or later, you'll bathe in success ♪ 
 ♪ And your minions salute, they say nothing but "Yes!" ♪ 
 ♪ But your power is empty, it fades like the mist ♪ 
 ♪ Once you've been kissed ♪ 
 ♪ You can run you can scream ♪ 
 ♪ You can hide ♪ 
 ♪ But you cannot ♪ 
 ♪ Escape! ♪ 
 Oh, my God! 
 Oh, my God, that was so good! I love it! 
 Bravo! Bravo! 
 Oh, my God! Wasn't that wonderful, Luis? 
 Si, mi amor. 
 My son's a star. 
 Whoo! 
 Congrats, my little spiders! 
 Yeah! We did it! Uh-huh! 
 Bravo! 
 We are so proud of you, Jorge! 
 You were incredible, Mijo. 
 Really! And my favorite part? 
 What? Is when you kissed Josie. 
 You know, you can change out of your costume and take the makeup off. The show's over now. 
 Pops, I've been a little busy, but don't you worry, I'll change. 
 Hey, I thought you were amazing. 
 As Molina and as the Spider Woman. 
 And as far as I'm concerned, you never have to change. 
 So, I was just thinking. 
 Have you ever tried your hand at acting? 
 I did a couple plays in high school, but, nah, not for me. 
 Well, what about modeling? 
 Ah, Josie. 
 Alex invited me. 
 You were great up there. 
 Thank you! 
 But are you ready to do some gigs with your own music? 
 Yes. Yes, I am. 
 I'll be in touch. 
 I'm thinking the Apollo. 
 Oh! 
 Mwah! Oh! 
 You know, Katy, as I start working on my new collection, I'm gonna be bringing on an apprentice, if you're interested... ? 
 I'm interested. Very much so! 
 Stop it! 
 Ah! Okay, okay. Favorite number? 
 Hmm. Anything with you in it. 
 Ooh, that's a good answer. 
 Hmm. 
 Hey, I'm sorry your dad said that stuff earlier. 
 Don't listen to him. 
 You should be proud. 
 I am. 
 Most of all, I'm glad I got to share tonight with Josie, and my friends, you know, my family and even my dad. 
 And especially you. 
 Hmm. 
 Well, what do we have here? 
 Babe. Babe. 
 Greg, move your head! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 