Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Chapter Twelve: Chain of Fools - Katy Keene 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Chapter Twelve: Chain of Fools https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=926&t=36464 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/08/20 08:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Chapter Twelve: Chain of Fools 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I want to open a modern-day version of Andy Warhol's Factory, the Pepper Plant. 
 How much are we talkin'? Eight million dollars. 
 I thought you might break out your black book. 
 I need to return all of these. 
 Call me next time you see her. 
 I know that your investment in Spider Woman didn't pan out... 
 You have twice as much money as you need to produce the show. but I do have another business opportunity for you, the Pepper Plant. 
 Today I get one step closer to my dreams. 
 In a city like New York, everyone has a story to tell about where we came from and who we want to be. 
 But there are different versions of a story. 
 There's the polished, romantic version... 
 Then there's the deeper, grittier, more confusing version we might not want to share. 
 We carefully choose what details to provide, and omit those we'd just as soon forget. 
 As for my origin story, there was so much about my past that my mom kept from me... who my dad was and where she met him. 
 I can't imagine keeping a love story hidden away, especially when it could feel this amazing. 
 Good morning. 
 Good morning. 
 Mmm! 
 What's that? That looks good. 
 It's a new design. 
 Guess you could say I'm feeling inspired lately. 
 What could it be? 
 Okay, I have to go change for that job downstairs that actually pays me, and you have breakfast with Anna Wintour to talk about Fashion Week. 
 Well, I'd rather stay here with you. 
 You don't fool me. 
 This is everything you've been working so hard for. 
 You're ready for it. 
 Thanks to you, I met the deadline with time to spare. 
 Good. Then you can go to that opening night at the Pepper Plant with me tomorrow. 
 Fine, but I'm only talking to you. 
 Deal. 
 I'm so excited for you to see it finished, Dad. 
 And I wasn't worried, exactly, but I did have to push the opening up, and I didn't have any of my marketing or press done. 
 But then it came to me. A hashtag. 
 "What is the Pepper Plant?" 
 Oh! Um, a hashtag... 
 I know, Pep. I got the Twitter. 
 Before you know it, I'll be raking in enough cash to move us both into this gorgeous relic of a building ourselves. 
 Speaking of... Do you know that small studio on the tenth floor? Mm. 
 It turns out, all those years of penny-pinching finally paid off. I saved up enough money for a down payment! 
 Hashtag Doorman Dad delivers! 
 Look at us, we're on top of the world! 
 Yeah, and I'm gonna get on at right here. 
 Oh, thank you so much for pulling this all-nighter with the Cats. 
 We are gonna kill tomorrow. 
 We are gonna shmurder it! 
 Hey, look, I didn't want to get into it in front of the girls, but we gotta talk about Pepper. 
 I invested in Spider Woman because I thought it was gonna be a breakout role for you. 
 Now I find out she's been embezzling my money into the Pepper Plant. Well... 
 Which I also invested in. 
 My lawyers are saying I've got to go to the police. 
 We don't even know if Pepper actually embezzled anything. 
 And you heard it from that Hannah Melvey person. 
 Like, who is she? 
 Josie, all my money's invested in the Plant. 
 If she screws me over, then I'm out on the street, and my dad's proven right, that I can't cut it on my own. 
 Maybe I should just call him before things get any worse. 
 I don't know. Are you serious right now? 
 Well, he might know what to do. 
 Alex, crawling back to your dad is a terrible idea! 
 And who knows what he would do to Pepper. 
 And honestly, I think that she is going through something. 
 Look, you don't know her, Josie. 
 I hear you, okay? 
 I... but Katy and Jorge have known Pepper for years. 
 And I trust them. 
 So, whether or not she actually did anything wrong, I think she is in some serious trouble. 
 So, before you call the cops or go to your dad, just let me talk to her, please? 
 All right. 
 Thank you. 
 Let's go. All right. 
 No, God no! Not kegs! 
 What do I sound like, a frat boy? 
 I want the champagne, and I'll just eat the cost. 
 Yeah, my associate, Raj, will just meet you outside to collect the delivery. 
 All right. 
 You're late, Pussycat. 
 Hmm, yes, well, since when do we have official start times for the roommate meetings? 
 Since you practically live at the studio and Katy practically lives at Guy's atelier. 
 I am just helping Guy finish his line for Fashion Week... while also trying not to kiss him. 
 Katy, I'm sorry, I'd love to hear more about your epic love story, but I got bad news. 
 I know we're all barely scraping by, but my parents have been undercharging us for years and subsidizing our rent. 
 I know, I just found out! 
 We have to start paying market value. 
 Oh, my God. 
 They've been doing what? 
 They're way behind on their mortgage payments, the bank is threatening to foreclose, and I can't be the reason why. 
 Well, Jorge, it was their decision, my love. 
 It's not your fault. I cannot be responsible in any way for them losing the building. 
 And I also don't want to keep feeling like I owe them anything. 
 Not when it comes with expectations about how I'm gonna live my life. 
 Hey. We will make it work. 
 Whatever you need, we will get through this together. 
 Yes, absolutely. 
 But, like, how much are we talking, exactly? 
 Girl, I know you on the couch, okay? Not that much. 
 I'm gonna try to pay them back as much as I can. 
 A bitch needs cash, and fast! 
 I can't even take on more Ginger gigs because Molly's has decided to get into the Go-go Boy game. 
 Which means less stage time for drag queens. 
 Well you know, my love, all my money is tied up in the Pepper Plant, otherwise I would write you a check right now. 
 Pepper, girl, you're the only girl who doesn't live here. 
 Ugh! You guys are so lucky! 
 I wish I could sell my eggs! 
 You could sell something even better. 
 I'm confused why Katy thinks that slinging cigarettes at a bodega qualifies as retail experience, but I don't have time to care. 
 So, you're hired. Trial basis. 
 Any questions? 
 Yeah, actually, I do. 
 Who do I speak to about picking up my first check? 
 We can discuss that in two weeks when you're done with your trial period. 
 But I wouldn't expect much. 
 With these commission-based jobs, it usually takes a while to get your numbers up. 
 Say what?! I mean, I need real cash yesterday. 
 This is Lacy's! 
 If you need cash that desperately, why don't you try the Penn Station Hooters? 
 Otherwise, I don't know where else to send you. 
 Well, I just got an idea. 
 ♪ Honey's been tricklin', tricklin' ♪ 
 ♪ Had my couple, so look at me ♪ 
 ♪ Likin' the buzzin' that's kickin' me ♪ 
 ♪ Now why these celebrities trippin', Z? ♪ That's more like it. 
 ♪ Trickin', tricklin' ♪ 
 ♪ Honey keeps tricklin', tricklin' ♪ 
 ♪ Likin' the buzzin' that's kickin' me ♪ 
 ♪ Now, why these celebrities trippin', Z? ♪ 
 ♪ Keep a couple bad habits ♪ 
 ♪ Money... ♪ Thank you, sexy. 
 ♪ Doin' tricks, her body ♪ 
 ♪ I still treat her like she have it ♪ Hello? 
 It's locked for a reason. 
 Oh! Hey, Ika, sorry. 
 I was looking for my sketchbook. 
 I had it this morning, so I figured it must be around here somewhere. 
 Is there a key for that thing somewhere? 
 The closet is off-limits to anyone but Guy. 
 Oh, I did not know that. 
 What's he hiding in there? 
 Rumor is, it's where he hides the bodies of his critics. 
 Just one, Vogue editor, 2015. 
 Katy, could you stick around? I need to pick your brain about who to seat Mrs. Lacy next to at my show. 
 I was actually about to leave once I find my sketchbook. 
 Oh, the one from this morning? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh... 
 Katy came by early to help me with the showstopper. 
 There it is. 
 Gal must have picked it up. Oh. 
 Can I get your eyes on a sleeve? 
 Yeah. Hang around, would you? 
 Yeah. 
 Thanks for meeting me here, Pep. 
 What's on your mind? 
 Okay, um... there's no easy way to say this so... 
 Some woman named Hannah Melvey came by to see Alex, and she said that she's your wife, and that you are a scam artist. 
 That you cooked the books for Kiss of the Spider Woman, and now Alex wants you to return both of his investments, for the musical and for the Pepper Plant. 
 Josie, darling, I mean, the idea of my pulling that kind of cash out of the hat today, or even tomorrow, is just absurd. 
 That's not how investments work. 
 The money is here, there, everywhere. 
 Alex knows that. 
 Okay, well then, who is this Hannah Melvey person, and how does she know these things about you? 
 Are you married? 
 Not anymore. 
 I did know her, back when she had a different name. 
 She meant a lot to me, actually. 
 But then I discovered that she conned me. 
 Just like she's conning Alex. 
 She's a liar. 
 I want to believe you, Pepper. 
 But between this and the money that you owe the Palace Hotel... 
 Josie, look, I can have my CFO show Alex the ledger. 
 Just do me a favor, would you? 
 Don't tell Katy or Jorge. 
 'Cause if they look at me the way you're looking at me right now, I think I'll go mad. 
 Pepper, Pepper... If you are in trouble, just tell me, and I promise I will do everything that I can to help you. 
 The best thing you can do to help right now, my love, is make sure you and your Pussycats are ready for opening night! 'Kay? 
 Pepper, Alex wants his money back, or he's calling the cops. 
 It's going to be one for the history books! 
 Just you wait. 
 Ladies, I know we've been overwhelmed with Hurricane Meta Gala, but why do I see Birkins and Cartier necklaces and the 1001 Sunsets diamond purse just lying around like they're suntanning on a beach? 
 I want all of these items returned to their proper homes by the end of the day. 
 Tabitha! 
 Don't touch that with your greasy little fingers. 
 I saw you scarfing down that pizza at lunch. 
 All of these items require glove handling and their own carriers. 
 I will handle that, but first I need to help a friend find a dress for the grand opening of her Pepper Plant. 
 Is she going to pay for it this time? 
 That's the third time this month. 
 You know we don't lend dresses to nobodies. 
 Yes! Don't worry, she's good for it. Pep... 
 Okay! 
 Hello! Mm, hi. 
 I appreciate it so much, love. 
 Thank you. I'm just slammed with errands, and why don't we just cut to your favorite pick. 
 Great! Okay. Oh! 
 I'm thinking that this is the one. 
 It is very Jane Birkin. 
 Oh, it's great, thank you! I'll take it! 
 Great! 
 I don't think I've ever seen you this stressed. Are you okay? 
 It's just the opening tonight. 
 It's everything I've worked for. 
 I just really want it to go well. 
 It is going to be exactly what you have always wanted it to be... legendary! 
 Thank you. 
 _ Oh, I'm sorry, it's Guy. I gotta go. 
 Yes, go-go-go! I will try this on and then sneak out as quiet as a Mouse. 
 Here. Thank you. Yeah. Mm! 
 _ 
 Listen, why buy one scent and walk around smelling like every other Chanel Number Whatever, when you can mix and match and be your own number one! 
 I love it! And you're adorable, too. 
 Are you single? 'Cause I got three daughters. 
 But do you have any sons? 
 I'll give you my ex-husband's number. 
 You're just his type. 
 Ciao. Thanks. Ciao! 
 Pepper, girl, care for a spritz? 
 Lancôme, not... 
 ... not Aperol... 
 This is the first time I've ever seen Guy calm during Fashion Week. Thanks to you, Katy. 
 Just happy to help. 
 Katy, my brother tells me everything. 
 Everything? 
 He hasn't been this happy since Karloff told him he had potential. 
 I just want you to know, Gal, that I would never let our relationship... whatever this is... get in the way of my work. 
 Don't worry, Katy. 
 The most beautiful things in life are often tangled. 
 Hey! I went to our favorite store and found those candles that Pepper wanted. 
 Amazing. Thanks for helping out. 
 Well, the least I could do for the guy who directed my debut music video. 
 Hey, Raj, I actually wanted to talk to you about something. 
 Have you noticed anything off about Pepper? 
 To be honest, we haven't spent much time together lately. 
 It's been all Pepper Plant, all the time. 
 Why? What's up? I don't know. 
 She ever try to borrow money from you? 
 Sorry, never mind. It's... 
 You are a grad student, why would she? 
 No, hold on. She tried to get me to reconnect to my family so she could get access to my inheritance money. 
 She came clean, apologized. 
 But it was definitely weird. 
 Yeah. 
 This is gonna sound strange, but do you know where Pepper's been living? 
 Girls, there's an emergency. 
 The 1,001 Sunsets diamond purse, borrowed... and returned... by Serena Williams after the Meta Gala, was not delivered to the handbag department this afternoon. 
 That is a $200,000 purse! 
 Where the hell is it?! 
 Any Chanel? 
 Preferably not with two "N's". 
 Francois, please tell me that you took the Sunsets diamond clutch for your display. It's missing. 
 Wasn't me. I'm not even allowed to touch objets in that price range. 
 Wait... 
 Can't you stay, Katy? 
 Thi I'm not in a very bubbly mood. Oh, dear. Tell me everything. I was working on a design in my sketchbook, and I know that Guy saw it. He even complimented it. And the next thing I know, I see Guy's latest dress, and it looks a lot like mine. I mean, it's almost identical. You are working for him, aren't you? Well, yes, but it's still my personal design. Maybe you should talk to him, see what he thinks. That's the tricky part. If I accuse Guy of stealing, I could lose my apprenticeship. Then you have to decide what means more to you... this opportunity with Guy, or your design. Where did you get all this? Business has been good. Look, I know you and Mami are behind on the mortgage payments. You don't need to worry about that. Of course I do! Come on, I grew up in this building. I had my first kiss here... Bobby Bettinelli, was the first kid in middle school to grow a mustache. Papi, I want to help! And I don't want to always feel like I owe you anything. Mijo, that's not how family works. No one is keeping track. I have taken care of you every day for your entire life. I came to you, man to man, so please, put away this machismo. You just do what you do best. Take care of your family. Please. Okay, I'm gonna need a detailed list of every single person who has entered this store in the last 24 hours. Wait a minute. Katy, your friend, Pepper. She was here, she took it. Oh, Amanda, you also thought that Jennifer Aniston walked out with a pair of cashmere gloves. Ugh! Besides, Pepper has shopped at Lacy's for years. Okay, I don't know what people are like below 14th Street, but I can spot a fake a mile away. Her dye job, that time she returned clothes for cash... What are you talking about? After the Night of a Hundred Hearts, she made a return for twenty grand, and it wasn't even charged to her card. How well do you know her? Very well! She's my best friend. And where does all her money come from? Not that it is any of your business, but her family, the live in Hong Kong. Well, since you're BFFs, I imagine you've been to her apartment. Where does she live, Katy? I looked up her address, and she's listed at the Palace Hotel. Not only is she not staying there, she's no longer welcome. Amanda, stop! Pepper didn't take the purse. Okay, good. Or I'm calling the police. Now, if you'll excuse me, Mrs. Lacy would like to see me. Probably to fire us over this colossal screwup. It's Pepper. You know what to do. Hey, Pep. Call me back, I really need to talk to you. Hi Alex, it's Pepper. Look, don't Hulk out of your shirt. I've got your money. Thanks for seeing me, Dad. I know you're busy. I'm always busy. So, how's the real world? You make a dime yet? Actually... I'm in a little bit of trouble, Dad. I made a bad investment and... I need your help. Hey, Pep, it's me again. Where are you? I need to talk to you, it's urgent. Please. Straight to voicemail. She's ignoring my calls. Pepper's ghosting you? No, Jorge, this is worse. Okay, I think that Pepper has been lying to us, about where her money comes from, about where she's living... Hold on... Google's gonna solve this problem right now. Okay, let me just look this up. I think that Pepper might be in trouble. Why, what is it? So, Alex found out that she was skimming from Jorge's Kiss of the Spider Woman production, like 90% of the investments. What did you just say? And she's also married. You're just telling us this now? Well, she made me promise not to tell you. And the last time I tried to talk to you about Pepper, you all ganged up on me. And I thought, maybe Pepper does weird things, and Katy and Jorge just accept it. I don't know. I was just... I was trying to be a good friend. You are a good friend. But tell us what's going on. So, during the Polar Vortex, I found out that Pepper had gotten kicked out of the Palace Hotel. Yeah, Amanda had mentioned that. So, where has she been living? That's a good question. And I was worried, so I went to talk to Raj about it, and he said that she's been squatting at the Pepper Plant. When we were doing Spider Woman, Pepper said that there wasn't enough money to pay me or you, Jos. That it was an investment in my future. All the while, she's been funneling money into her Plant? Wow, Pep! No, we have to talk to her and let her explain. Pepper knew that Gloria entrusted me to take care of her domain. She couldn't have taken that clutch. She's not a thief! She's our friend. She's our family. Guys. You're gonna want to get a look at this. What? Rosemary Woodhouse? I think we've all been conned. Oh, my God. Yeah, Jorge, I'm sure whatever Ginger decides to wear tonight will be absolutely perfect. What's going on? Sit your British ass down. Please. Okay. So, a lot of stuff being said about you, Pepper. And I tried to look you up to prove them all wrong, but all I found was this. Well, that was a drunk and disorderly at a bar. It was the World Cup. Who's Rosemary? It was my fake ID when I lived in London. It made it onto my mugshot, that's all. Is that it? Because I do have a lot to do before the Pepper Plant opens in a couple of hours. You said that the Cabots barely invested enough in my play to get us costumes, yet you put all this money into the Plant? You said you didn't have enough money to pay me! The crew! Francois! That's money that my parents could use right now! I don't know what lies Josie's been telling you, but it's sad. Excuse me?! And on one of the most important days of my life, no less! I hope you're happy! You never told us you were married. Well, we all had lives before we met, didn't we? Yeah. And you know all about ours, yet we know nothing about yours, or your current life, actually. How you're not living at the Palace? Again, Josie, I don't know what you... Stop blaming Josie. Stop! Katy! She's right. You've got a lot of explaining to do, Pep. How do you afford your clothes, huh? Your business? I'm an entrepreneur. Everything I've done, I've done for the Pepper Plant. For you, actually. You'll see tonight, everything has been an investment in each of your futures. Did you steal the Sunsets diamond purse from Lacy's? Don't lie. Well, I... I borrowed it. I mean, for the opening. Well, you did say I could. No, I didn't. Okay, I need you to give it back to me now. Well, it's at the Plant. Okay, great! Let's go get it right now. Well, I don't have it at this moment, exactly. But I-I can get it back. A friend is holding onto it for a beat. It's just a quick phone call away, so... Pepper, oh, my God! Do you know how much trouble I'm gonna be in?! Well, I would never let that happen. Besides, Lacy's has insurance. You would never get in trouble. Wow! Pepper, I have a real job. And you clearly don't need one because who knows where your money comes from, but I do! I don't know why you're doing this. Do you hate me that much? Of course not. I'm worried about you. You clearly owe people money, people who are threatening to call the cops if you don't pay them back today! We're just trying to help! Well, it doesn't feel like help! It feels like people who I thought were my friends ganging up on me. Katy, I will get your purse back. Josie, if you could call Alex and let him know that I will be in touch regarding his money. Now, I look forward to seeing you all later tonight with shiny, happy faces. Hm? Pepper, stop. Don't walk away from me. Tell me the truth, or I swear I will never, ever talk to you again. What do you want me to say, Katy? I've told you everything. No, you haven't. Pepper, you know everything about me. About my past, and about my mom, and about how I don't know who my dad is. I don't know anything about you. Are your parents even in Hong Kong? They could be. The truth is... I don't know who my parents are. I was adopted. My father isn't rich. He's a doorman at the Georgia... where he's worked his entire life. 
 
 I don't know who my birth father is. We have that in common, actually. Only I didn't know that because you never told me. The only way a person like me can make it in this world... is to become somebody. So, I became the person that you wanted to be friends with. The person who could get you into the "A"-list parties and introduce you to people like Guy LaMontagne. And don't you dare pretend that wasn't part of my allure. Pepper, you do not get to turn this around on me. Why did you steal the purse? To pay off Alex? Yes. But just... it was temporary. I will get it back, I promise. Pepper, we all have a sad story. Okay? And I am sorry about yours, really, I am. But you know that Josie is working two jobs 80 hours a week, frying donuts. And Jorge is literally hustling, he's go-go dancing to help out his family. And I have worked overtime every single day since my mom died, just trying to survive in this city on my own. We are absolutely killing ourselves! And you're stealing from us?! Whatever I have borrowed, from you and Josie and Jorge and Alex, I will pay back, tenfold. You have to believe me, Katy. I would never do anything to hurt you. I love you. That is not love. If you love someone, you don't steal from them. You don't lie to them. No. Katy? Katy, where are you going? I am so stupid and naive, and I have let more than one person in my life take advantage of me. Katy, girl, what are you talking about? Guy, and the fact that he stole my design. And everyone keeps saying that that's how fashion works, but it doesn't feel right. And I have to stop it. I have to talk to Guy. Guy, we need to talk. I know, I heard Dries Van Noten is using gold and black in his collection, too. No, it's about your new dress. You saw what I was sketching in bed. You stole my design. Uh, believe it or not, Katy, you're not the first to come up with a feather dress. Don't, Guy. You know that this is about more than that. Actually, I don't know that I do. This is how fashion works. You're my apprentice. You help me design. Help you, yes. But we're blurring a lot of lines here, and our relationship aside, I need to know that I can trust you with my ideas. Okay. Relationship aside. Do you know how many of my ideas became Karloff's? Long before I could call myself a designer. I was flattered when he'd use them. I'd thank him for making my ideas better. I made your dresses, more than once. And I made them better. Sometimes you made them worse. Katy, I remember what it's like to be you. I used to think every idea I had was precious, because it might be my last. But it wasn't. You're a real designer, Katy. You're gonna have a million ideas. Nothing is precious. I know how talented you are. If I get inspired or I use your designs, it means you're part of my team. I thought that's what you wanted. Is it what you want? Yeah. I'm not hiding anything from you, Katy. I was inspired by your design. But that's all it is. You trust me, right? Good. I'm gonna run to the deli and get soup. Soup makes everything better. I don't know if you remember me from the other night, but I saw you dancin', and... Of course I remember you, Mr. Benjamin Franklin. What can I get for you? How about a private dance? Sure. For the right price. How 'bout you meet me in the dressing room? Thank you, St. Gloria. Lauren Liu? Marta Suarez. _ Okay, if I don't get that purse back, I lose everyone that matters to me. Dickie, I'm desperate. Listen, lady, that's not my problem. Find another one to buy. I can't afford the retail price. Maybe there's something else I can buy off you? What is that? Gucci? Hello, do you have the Sunsets diamond purse? Oh, fantastic! How much does it go for? And do you offer a payment plan? Hello? _ ♪ Up, up, up ♪ ♪ Let me drop down, down, down ♪ ♪ Let me tell... ♪ Jorge, you back here? Papi? I can... I can explain. What the hell?! What is this? It's my dad, get out of here. Is this how you got the money that you gave me? Look, I don't normally do private dances, okay. But I'm not ashamed. I'm just trying to make money for my family. I'm busting my ass. It breaks my heart that you feel like you gotta do this to pay off my debt. Stop, I'm fine. You don't have to worry about our money situation anymore. Okay? That's what I came to tell you. Our back mortgage payments are settled. By who? Your friend. The blonde, Pepper Smith. She wired money into our account today. She's an angel, Jorge. But it only buys us time. We're still losing the building. What? Why? The city's forcing the whole block to sell. How much time do we have? Three months?! We need to find a new place to live! Fast! How? This is literally the last affordable apartment in Manhattan. But, guys, I haven't even told you the craziest part yet. Pepper paid off my parents' overdue mortgage payments! What? Yes! It still isn't enough to save it, though. Ohh, my... Instead of paying Alex back, she gave the money to you. She chose friendship over her Plant. She's trying to do the right thing. She still hasn't given back the purse. And this doesn't change the fact that she's been lying to us. Okay, as the new one in the group, I have to say something. Pepper lied, yes. But that girl has always been there for you guys. Whenever you need her, she's here by your side. Lying and stealing aside, Pepper is a good friend. So what are we supposed to do, Josie? Just forgive her? Absolutely not. No. That's gonna take some time. But we can be there for her. The same way she'd be there for us. ♪ You think the world was made for you... ♪ Alex. So sorry we've been playing phone tag all day. Cut the crap, Pepper. Well, did you bring the cops or the FBI? I did make sure my outfit went very well with handcuffs. No, no, no, no. That would be letting you off way too easy. See, my father and I decided to work something out with you, but on our terms. For the cash you took from me and my sister to make all this happen... We own this place now. We own you. Don't worry, it'll be our little secret. ♪ Set you free ♪ ♪ You better believe ♪ ♪ Gonna set you free ♪ ♪ I knew... ♪ You came! We couldn't miss this. Girl, this place is fire! Well, may I take you on a little tour? Yes! Pepper, I don't know what to say. Just say you'll use it. To make your own designs and open up your own shop one day, just like you've always dreamed. You really did all of this for us, didn't you? Can you ever forgive me? Hey! You're in a good mood. Well, look at this place. I know Pepper's a little crazy, but this works! Yeah, but, um, Pepper didn't pay you. And you didn't call the cops. So, I don't understand. What changed? I became a majority stockholder. With the Pepper Plant as a Cabot asset, it's a no-brainer. Yeah, and you're drinking. And what do you mean that it's a Cabot asset? Are you working for your dad again? Alex, what is... What is wrong with you? Face it, Josie, you can't do nothing in this town without money. Now we got our safety net back, and we don't need to be scared anymore. Yeah, but at what cost, Alex? Whoa, this setup! Bling-bada-bling! Josie, you good? Yeah. As soon as we start playing, I will be. I don't know if I can trust you. You can, you can. I-I know I have to earn it back, but I will. Starting now. Katy, this is my father, Gary. He's here supporting me, even though I've hidden him away for years, and I'm ashamed I have, 'cause he's the best man in the world. Gary! Oh, my God, it's such a pleasure! Oh, Katy, come here, kid. You kidding me? I've heard so much about you. So, when do I get to meet Jorge and Josie? Well, shall we? Yeah. I knew you were always sewing, but it's really something seeing all of your designs here. Soon, I'm gonna say I knew you back when. Hey. What's going on? Nothing. Nothing. It doesn't matter. Look around, Katy. Everyone gets to see what an incredible designer you are. You know, you're working for... what's-his-name now. Well, what's-his-name is using one of my designs in his collection. He didn't ask. He saw my sketch, and he stole it from me. Turns out he's done that to his other apprentices, too. Suddenly I wish I'd punched him harder. People keep telling me that that's how fashion works, but... seeing all these pieces with my name stitched in them, and I don't think I can let him have them, even if that means getting fired. You gotta tell him. I'd do it for you, but you don't need me fighting your battles. Oh, crap, Amanda's here. Hold on. ♪ We-hell, I see him every night in tight blue jeans ♪ Amanda... Look, about the Sunsets diamond purse... Don't worry about it, Katy. You're not gonna be held responsible. I spoke to HR, and it's all been handled. What do you mean, handled? Just be grateful you're not on the hook, okay? ♪ Oop! She bop, she bop ♪ ♪ Do I wanna go out with a lion's roar... ♪ Besides, it's not gonna matter now that Lacy's is being sold off. What? I didn't tell you? No. That's why Mrs. Lacy wanted to see me, to tell me that the buyer is shuttering the store. ♪ They say I better stop or I'll go blind ♪ No, stop. Hey, I thought we were okay. No, we're not. ♪ She bop, he bop-a-we bop ♪ ♪ I bop, you bop-a-they bop ♪ ♪ Be bop, be bop-a-lu bop ♪ ♪ I hope he will understand... ♪ You haven't just been stealing from me, you have been stealing from your apprentices for years! Whoa! ♪ You bop-a-they bop ♪ You have to let me explain. ♪ Oh-oh-oh she bop ♪ Pepper Smith? Yes? You're under arrest. [Handcuffs click] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 