Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Of Cabbage and Kings - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Of Cabbage and Kings https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=17427 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/21/14 11:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Of Cabbage and Kings 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Turn"... 
 Washington's been trying to get a man inside the city since Howe took it over. 
 She put a petticoat on that line for a reason. 
 Are you gonna tell me what you know or not? 
 Everyone's speaking of the ambush in Connecticut. 
 Looks like your message got to Ben. 
 No. 
 I'll do it. 
 My God, it's true. Let him down. 
 You will return with me to face disciplinary charges and most likely court-martial. 
 Captain Simcoe's body was not found in Connecticut. 
 Getting rid of him was the sole reason I risked talking to Caleb, and now he may still be alive? 
 We have accomplished nothing. 
 (Hoofbeats approaching) 
 Water, please. 
 (Pants) 
 That's enough for that b*st*rd, Newt. 
 Newt, is it? These your brothers? 
 Me, them two there, and Bige here's a cousin. 
 Shut your gob, boy. 
 Cousin, of course. 
 All these quaint towns. So many families sharing the same name. 
 Not surprising, really. 
 (Spits) 
 You can finish shining it later. 
 You know, Ben, it's still a ways to Fort Lee. 
 I mean, a man could fall off that wagon, hit his head on a rock. 
 Scott should have us scouting ahead. 
 Yeah? 
 But I think he likes you too much to let you out of his sight. 
 (Laughs) 
 You're such an arsehole. 
 Yeah, only to my friends. 
 Hey, what if he trips while taking a piss? 
 Hold on, shh. Shut up. 
 Listen. 
 (Faint rustling) 
 Something's coming. 
 Infantry or patrol? 
 Ah, I can't tell through this soup. 
 Defensive positions. 
 (Grunts) 
 Hold your fire! 
 Dear God. 
 You. 
 What's your regiment? 
 My bounty's up. 
 You're 2nd Virginia. I thought they were at Fort Lee. 
 Yes, sir, we were. 
 You were? 
 The general ordered Fort Washington abandoned, but Colonel Magaw held fast. 
 We watched the redcoats take it from across the river. 
 Then they came over in boats. 
 They took Fort Lee as well? 
 Well, where's the army now? 
 Where? 
 Gone. They're gone, captured. 
 Washington, too, they say. 
 Don't go that way. 
 I beg you, don't go that way. 
 By all means, let us continue! 
 To New York! 
 ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale... ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
 We should make Oyster Bay by midday, Brooklyn Ferry by early evening, and then across to New York Island. 
 Where we'll meet your contact. 
 Yes, a senior man in the commissary department. 
 Well-connected, if tight with his guineas. 
 But together we will open his purse. 
 Are you sure we shouldn't wait until after Thomas' memorial service? 
 (Coos) 
 No, not you, lad. 
 He's talking about his elder brother, your uncle and namesake. 
 We'll be back in plenty of time. 
 You. 
 You have a job to do. 
 Look after your mother, Sprout. 
 Oh, we'll be fine. 
 And in New York. I'm jealous. 
 I expect I'll find it much changed. 
 Oh, well, not all change seems for the best at first. 
 But sometimes you just have to look at it with new eyes. 
 We're all for the cause, but we don't want trouble here. 
 We'll only be here for a night or two, then we'll move on. 
 Your hospitality shall be rewarded, I assure you. 
 We don't require no reward. 
 Just no trouble. 
 You'll have none from us. 
 Sir? 
 I showed your men the way. 
 If the flying camp is where I think it will be, then they should return with an escort by Monday. 
 Let's hope we don't wear out our welcome. 
 Sir, I... with the loss of those forts, I should think that we need friendly eyes in New York now more than ever. 
 If you would just give us another chance, I'm sure that my source... 
 Have you forgotten the sight of those poor wretches coming out of the woods? 
 That's the true threat we're facing. 
 What happens when officers disobey their orders. 
 You should've been scouting the enemy's lines, not conscripting men for a rogue operation and torturing a captured officer... 
 I told you that I could have you court-martialed But right now I can't afford to lose an officer, even a misguided one. 
 You shall face discipline when we reach camp, the severity of which may be tempered by your ability to follow orders from here on out. 
 Yes, sir. I'll have my men scout the area while we wait for word. 
 Very well. 
 "Scout the area"? 
 A large area. 
 Get to Abe. See if he's found out anything new. 
 The plan is that we wait for him to post a signal, then I make contact. 
 Yeah, well, change of plans. 
 My boat's laid up. 
 Then use someone else's. 
 Grant to pass. 
 (Bleating) 
 Hold up right there. 
 (Bleating continues) 
 What's your business in New York? 
 Our business is providing pork to feed the king's soldiers. 
 King's officers, maybe. 
 Can't remember what a good chop tastes like, myself. 
 Where's your livestock? 
 This is strictly a selling trip. 
 Here is my buyer's bona fides. 
 You will note the commissary seal. 
 Wait here. 
 Some chicken? 
 Uh, no, maybe later. 
 I remember a certain barmaid used to work at that tavern. 
 She would pour you an ale while sporting her "dairy" in a manner that made you wonder which beverage was on offer. 
 "Her virtues, graced with external gifts, do breed love's settled passions in my heart." 
 We're still speaking of her tits, right? 
 (Both laugh) 
 No, I'm glad to hear that all your college learning isn't buried under cabbage and manure. 
 Perhaps we could drop by your alma mater while we're here. 
 Look, if this is about me not pursuing the law... 
 No, no, no, I was merely thinking that, in the interests of carving a path for your son, you might endeavor to... 
 Yes, my son. 
 And thank you for noting that Thomas is mine, that I'm responsible for his future. 
 It's a task I don't take lightly. 
 I see how you dote on him. 
 I wonder if perhaps I should've done the same. 
 You want what's best for your son. 
 So do I. 
 You can go. 
 Thank you. 
 You, there! Move that mutton! 
 (Farmer whistles) 
 (Sheep bleating) 
 Ho. 
 Redcoat : Whose sheep are these? 
 Farmer : Not my sheep, sir. Dog's mine, though. 
 Where the hell are you going? 
 I think you mean, "Where the hell am I going, Lieutenant?" 
 To ride ahead. 
 Make sure we're not jumped by patrol. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 What about us? 
 Caleb : Youse? 
 Your orders are to stay here, keep your eyes peeled for skulkers. 
 Our "orders," huh? 
 Yeah. 
 And how do we know these ain't shams like the ones Tallmadge gave us? 
 Because I'm telling you. 
 So shut your holes, do your watches. 
 (Clicks tongue) 
 We'll never see him again. 
 He's desertin'. 
 Maybe he's got the right idea. 
 That Virginia man said they got Washington. 
 What if he's dead? 
 Then this fight is almost done. 
 And we're on the wrong side of the gallows. 
 Unless we do something about that. 
 Like what? 
 (Spits) 
 Put one of these on. 
 Loyalist refugees are pouring into the city now that Howe has secured it. 
 Rebel deserters, too. 
 This will let the local authorities know our leaning at a glance. 
 Yeah, why not a little Union Jack as well? 
 Well, perhaps you can suggest that to the general, should we happen to run across him. 
 There she is, New York Island. 
 (Chatter) 
 Oh, my, what an 'andsome pair of gentlemen. 
 Is that your son? 
 How's about I introduce him to my daughter for a little family get-together? 
 Maybe later. 
 Woman : We'll be here, darlin'. 
 "Maybe later"? 
 (Chuckles) 
 Woodhull! Judge Woodhull! 
 I didn't know your contract was military. 
 They're the best kind of contract to have. 
 Magistrate. (Chuckles) 
 You're a sight for sore eyes and a salivating palate. 
 Brought the bacon, have we? 
 Only my son, Abraham, my new business representative. 
 Does that mean we won't be trading directly anymore? 
 Matters at home increasingly require my attention, but you can trust my son in all of my affairs. 
 Yes. But can I trust him in mine? 
 (Laughs) Call me Jonathan. 
 Ugh! Yow! 
 (Water sloshing) 
 Setauket? See-tauket? 
 What's that mean? It's like in Indian, right? 
 You need to stop talking so damn loud, all right? 
 Just stay with the boat and wait for my signal. 
 Your signal? 
 Yeah. 
 Owl, right? (Hooting) 
 Whoo-hoo... 
 I'll signal. You just listen. 
 Try not to wet yourself. 
 Driver : Whoa. 
 Hup. 
 (Whispers) Abraham? 
 Abraham? 
 (Laughing) Howdy. 
 Your cauliflower looks like it's coming on nice. 
 You got any ready to eat? 
 (Both laugh) 
 Bollocks! 
 Do you want the whole garrison to hear you? 
 Do you know for a fact that he's in New York? 
 By now he should be. 
 One of Richard's hands told one of mine they left early this morning. 
 (Laughs) Oh, God. 
 There's a word for this, Annie. 
 There is a damnable word. 
 Mm, I'm guessing, then, that you haven't exhausted your lexicon. 
 Ironic. Yeah. 
 Now, I may have not gone to Yale, but I did screw a well-read woman in New Haven. 
 And this is ironic that that little skinny b*st*rd is in New York right where I want him, only instead of procuring intelligence, that little shite is selling hogs. 
 (Scoffs) 
 You need information. 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe we can still get it. 
 "We"? 
 You'd be surprised what spills out of a soldier's mouth when I lower the price of ale. 
 And their rooms can yield up secrets of their own, as I've already found. 
 No, Annie, no. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Stop calling me Annie. 
 And why not? 
 Because it's not the thing, all right? 
 Because I'm a woman. 
 Well, yeah, because you're a woman. 
 And this is men's work. 
 Oh, so you don't mind me pinning up a few petticoats and you're happy to hide out here in my barn, but having me do anything more offends your delicate notions of a woman's proper place, which appears to be suffering under your bulk? 
 Oh, that is when they're not improving your English. 
 So this must be marriage, then. 
 Caleb Brewster, I can't think of a man in these parts braver and more capable than half of the women I know. 
 Annie, all I'm saying is... 
 What happened to Captain Simcoe? 
 Simcoe? 
 His body wasn't recovered. 
 Annie... uh, Anna. 
 I-I'm sorry about what happened to your husband. 
 Simcoe. 
 You promised Abraham you'd send him to his reward. 
 We planned to... after we questioned him, but... the plan went wrong. Now he's in custody of... 
 Get out. 
 Come on. 
 Get out! 
 All right. 
 If you can't keep a promise, then I can't trust you here. 
 Out. 
 You know, Annie, you're still pretty when you're angry. 
 All right. 
 (Quietly) Get out. 
 Cook : To the four hinges of friendship... swearing, lying, stealing, and drinking. 
 Hear, hear. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Now to business. 
 The army has plenty of wine, but little meat to pair it with, thanks to the damn rebels. 
 And you, sir, have hogs. 
 25 fat hogs ready for the butcher's knife. 
 And since we both know that the army is indeed desperate for fresh meat, my price is eight pounds per pound. 
 Desperate they may be, but at that price, I suspect they'd rather eat shoe leather. 
 I could go five, but no higher. 
 Well, I could get that price at home. 
 No. Seven. 
 I'm sorry you came all this way, Richard. 
 Still, it's always good to get out of town once in a while. 
 Uh... my father's price is too low. 
 His original price. 
 I've seen army suppliers at work in Long Island. 
 They requisition horse and wagon, pay far less than the official rate, then pocket the difference. 
 Is that a fact? 
 It's just an idea. 
 Let's say that you buy 25 hogs from us today, and then tomorrow you sell 35 to the quartermaster. 
 Sell 10 hogs I don't have? 
 And then you split the extra profit with your buyer, who makes sure the count suits the bill. 
 So, I'd say take his compromise or we can go find a quartermaster of our own, do our business directly. 
 Richard, do you wish to hazard our relationship in this way? 
 As I said, I trust my son in all my affairs. 
 I feel you have a gloomy view of human nature, young man. 
 I'm the son of a judge. 
 (Both laugh) 
 (Laughing) 
 Well said. 
 Seven it is. 
 Now I'd like to discuss those additional resources we spoke of last month. 
 Cauliflower, wasn't it? 
 Fresh vegetables are almost as valuable as fresh meat these days. 
 When did you start planting cauliflower? 
 Oh, not his. From some rebel's field. 
 I think that's enough business for one night. 
 Why don't we take what's left of your Picolit and adjourn to your splendid balcony? 
 A splendid suggestion. 
 
 
 
 (Water sloshing) 
 Where'd he go, hmm? 
 Where'd he go? 
 (Distant owl hooting) 
 Want more potatoes, Captain? 
 Yes, thank you. 
 Won't your husband be joining us? 
 If he can. He's tending a sick cow. 
 This ale is rather good. As is the mutton. 
 My compliments on your hospitality, General. 
 You know, you would do better to compliment our hosts, who are sharing their table with a man who would surely kill them without a second thought. 
 Only if ordered to. 
 We must all obey our orders, mustn't we? 
 Perhaps, Captain, you should avoid antagonizing both your hosts and your captors. 
 My apologies, of course. 
 Sir, there's a company coming in from the north. 
 Regulars? 
 Tory militia, we think. 
 Oh, God. 
 Madam, please. 
 (Humming "March of the Grenadiers") 
 (Guns click) 
 What's this? 
 Change of plans. 
 New order of battle. 
 We're taking you two and your prisoner to New York, where we'll exchange you for full pardons and hard coin. 
 This is mutiny. This... this is madness. 
 This is New Jersey. 
 We serve the colony of Pennsylvania, sir, and we've been lured here under false orders. 
 Eben, you're making... 
 Shut up. 
 We can take you dead, alive, or wounded. 
 I'll give you to the count of five to choose your preference. 
 One, two... 
 (Fires) 
 (Grunts) 
 (Yells) 
 Gideon! 
 Eben : Newt! 
 (Groans) 
 (Cocks gun) 
 Thanks for dinner. 
 Oh, damn it! 
 You men! Fall under my command! 
 (Groans) 
 You in there? 
 It's still three guns to one. 
 You can be prisoners or you can be dead. 
 Think it over. 
 Oh. 
 Mr. Baker, I brought your coat in so it wouldn't get damp. 
 Baker : Oh, thank you, Mrs. Woodhull. 
 Wait, there's a stain on your shirt. 
 Well, as long as the jacket stays on, no one will be the wiser. 
 Just hold still. 
 Mrs. Woodhull, you really don't have to... 
 I'm a wife and a mother. 
 Sometimes I think half my life is spent doing laundry. 
 Not that Abraham much cares what he throws on each morning. 
 Oh, he's a good man, your husband. 
 Always says hello when he goes by the tavern. 
 The Strong tavern? 
 Aye. 
 My sentry post is right there. 
 Have you seen him there much since Selah Strong's arrest? 
 A few times, I suppose. 
 There, no stains. 
 Thank you. 
 You got any ale to wash this down with? 
 This isn't my tavern. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Some cider, then. I'm not choosy. 
 Have you chosen a means of escape? 
 Actually, I could use your help on that score. 
 You mean a woman's help? 
 Right. 
 Ahem, Mrs. Strong, I would be eternally grateful if a brave and capable woman such as yourself could go down to the wharf and see if there might be any unattended boats that I could borrow. 
 If only to get me out of your hair... and your barn. 
 Well, Mr. Brewster, since you asked so nicely, I'll see what I can do. 
 I'm sorry about Simcoe. 
 I suppose when Abe finds out, he won't be so keen on spying for us anymore. 
 I'm not sure he would be anyway. 
 He told me he's done with this "double life," as he called it. 
 (Groans) 
 Why don't we rush 'em? 
 You anxious to get shot? 
 We got time. 
 (Groaning) 
 The farmer's gonna die unless he gets a doctor. 
 (Groaning continues) 
 You want his blood on your hands? 
 I need to be with my husband. 
 Mrs. Standish, please just stay calm and stay down. 
 Ben : Corporal Bascombe. 
 Newt. 
 You and your brothers, you're from Donegal, aren't you? 
 What of it? 
 Well, sounds a lot like the place that I'm from... small farm town, very peaceful. 
 That is, until the king's men marched in and turned the church into his stables. 
 Hung anyone with the courage to object. 
 You know, the same thing will happen to your town unless we stand together and resist them. 
 The good captain is happy to sell you this bilge, but mark me, the truth is, you and your brothers will end up rotting in unmarked graves while your meager fields are added to some wealthy general's holdings. 
 Some Continental general. 
 No, that's what the enemy believes. 
 But they're fighting for a king. 
 You and I are fighting for our homes, for our families, for our freedom. 
 Just remember your oath, Newt. 
 Stand aside when this matter plays out and I promise you... 
 That's enough talk! 
 (Panting) 
 This war will be a short one. 
 Our host affects a raffish charm, but he's a cunning trader. 
 You may think that you called him on his scheme tonight, but I think it was just a test to see how well you play the game. 
 He'll keep you on your toes, for sure. 
 Did you arrange to sell Selah Strong's crop before or after you sought your attainder? 
 Because the timing argues for the former. 
 What difference does it make? His property will soon be forfeit. 
 "What difference does it make"? 
 The difference marks you as a sharper trader than Cook, having already sold Selah's crop as your own. 
 His fields will be distributed equitably among his loyal neighbors. 
 "Equitably"? 
 You mean conveniently, per your buyer's needs. 
 It's curious that when other so-called patriots' property is seized, you raised no objections. 
 But I'm guessing your interest in this case is more personal. 
 All these confiscations achieve is to create more Selahs, more Ben Tallmadges, prolonging the war. 
 There is no war without an army, and Washington's is finished. 
 You underestimate them. 
 Perhaps I overestimated you. 
 I thought I caught a glimpse tonight of a man I would be proud to call my son. 
 But it seems you can't put your childhood attachments behind you. 
 Anna Strong is not your family. 
 Mary and Thomas are. Now honor your responsibilities as your brother would've done. 
 (Loudly) Thomas is dead. 
 And I wed her to honor your responsibilities. 
 Then accept your decision and stand by them. 
 Prove you're a worthy man and a worthy husband instead of a petulant boy who can't admit that he's here because he can't take care of his own family. 
 (Door slams) 
 (Distant chatter) 
 (Cheering) 
 ("March of the Grenadiers" playing in background) 
 (Voices chanting) Liberty, not tyranny! 
 Liberty, not tyranny! 
 Man : Stay back! Stay back! 
 (Gunshot echoes, screaming) 
 Hey, you. Are you groggy, or what? 
 Get your rummy ass home. 
 (Distant voice shouting in German) 
 (Speaking German) 
 German? 
 (Drill sergeant yelling in German) 
 Ja. 
 I'm a cabbage farmer. 
 I couldn't help wondering what you're making there. 
 Sauerkraut. 
 Have a taste, Yank. 
 Mm. 
 (Laughing) 
 Is good, ja? 
 Yeah. 
 (Drill sergeant yelling) 
 (Soldiers speaking German) Link, recht, link, recht... 
 It's, uh... it's odd to be drilling this hard so close to winter, isn't it? 
 I would've thought the army would be preparin' to stand down. 
 English army, maybe. 
 Our commander is a harder man. 
 Is a hard man, ja. 
 They're shipping us out next week. 
 The whole brigade. 
 That's too bad, for both of us. 
 I have a whole crop of cabbage to sell. 
 Any way I could get it to you? 
 Well, how well do you know New Jersey? 
 It's a place called Tren... Tran... 
 Trenton? 
 Ja. 
 I know it. 
 Can you deliver there? 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 (Distant chatter) 
 Mary : Anna? 
 Mary, what are you doing out here at this hour? 
 Looking for you. 
 Oh. 
 I know what you've been doing. 
 It's time we talked, don't you think? 
 Did you know that Abraham's brother Thomas and I were originally supposed to be married? 
 Yes, I did. 
 Abraham's father and mine arranged it. 
 I only met Thomas once, but, by all accounts, he was a very admirable man. 
 It was tragic how he died, but I respect Abraham honoring his family's agreement. 
 You respect him? 
 Respect, trust, responsibility. 
 I would say that's what's important for a good marriage. 
 And children, of course. 
 I know Abraham is a passionate man, and if he chooses to exercise that passion outside of his marriage, then I will consent as long as you agree to limit your time together and ensure that it stays a secret. 
 Abraham is a good provider and father and I don't want his name besmirched any more than I do my own. 
 I am not having an affair with your husband. 
 Nor have I entertained romantic feelings for him since he broke off our engagement. 
 Your engagement? 
 We were engaged, secretly, before he decided that honoring his father's agreement was more important than his vow to me. 
 I don't believe it. 
 No? 
 Why don't you ask Abraham? 
 Or, better yet, ask his father. 
 (Mrs. Standish sobbing) 
 You in there! We're done waiting. 
 Come out unarmed or we come in shooting. 
 (Clicks) 
 He's bluffing. 
 No, I don't think so. 
 We either fight him in here or out there. 
 (Chuckles) And trust your entreaties have improved our odds? 
 (Clicks) 
 Ben : We're coming out! 
 Don't shoot! 
 Don't shoot. 
 Newt, get out of the way! Get out of the way! 
 (Grunts) 
 Well done, Captain. 
 (Simcoe clapping) 
 Caleb : So, two sentries on the dock? 
 Three. 
 Three, good. Three, I can deal with. 
 You have a plan? 
 Well, more of an interesting way of getting myself killed, but, you know... 
 I'm trying to think of how I can improve the odds. 
 Caleb, if this is too dangerous... 
 No, don't worry. 
 Well, unless the truth is that you're sorry to see me go. 
 I admit, it's been good to see you. 
 So many things have changed around here. 
 Woody only thinks he's changed, Annie. 
 Mostly his problem is that he married the wrong woman. 
 (Door creaks) 
 (Gun cocks) 
 (Whispers) Anna? 
 Abraham! 
 Hey, when did you get back into town? 
 I might ask you the same thing, although I think I just got the measure of it. 
 You were listening. 
 No, I mean, I only caught a bit. 
 Listen, I... came here intending to ask you to hang a petticoat. 
 I bear gifts from New York. 
 (Laughs) 
 What'd you find out? 
 Well, that while the Royal Army prepares to stand down for the winter, a brigade of Hessian mercenaries 1,500 strong readies to march to Trenton. 
 Gold. (Laughs) 
 It's gold. 
 I gotta get this back to Ben right away. 
 We'll help get you out. You can trust me. 
 I do. I do trust you. 
 And I need you to trust me. 
 I think... I think there's something you should know first. 
 Let him hear it from me. 
 Captain Simcoe is dead. 
 They hid his body to make it look like he'd run off like the cowardly blackguard he was. 
 All right. 
 Hey, it's good to see you. 
 It's good to see you. 
 Let's get you the hell out of here. 
 Right. 
 All right. 
 Sir... general says to report as soon as you're able. 
 Soldier : Set him down. 
 Washington has escaped without a scratch. 
 He is indeed camped across the Delaware. Here. 
 Sir, we should discuss this. 
 Well, I'd love nothing better than to see these men tried and hanged as a warning to others who might consider turning traitor, but the army has more pressing concerns. 
 (Whispers) Hope you're happy. 
 (Cocks gun, fires) 
 General... the boy was clearly strong-armed by his brothers. 
 A trial, yes, but a summary execution? 
 Well, I'm not going to execute him, Captain. 
 You are. 
 Sir, I gave him my word. 
 And I've given you an order. 
 Obey it or face court-martial. 
 You have just seen firsthand what happens when military discipline breaks down. 
 Are you telling me you've learned nothing? 
 I'll take the court-martial, sir. 
 Anna : Thirsty, gentlemen? 
 Got left out last night. 
 Warm, but it's still good. 
 Thank you, ma'am. 
 Morning, gentlemen. 
 Now, unless you'd each like a third ball, I suggest you raise sail and heel away from that sloop. 
 (Men scream) 
 Get after him! 
 Stop him! 
 ♪ Farewell and adieu to you fair Spanish ladies... ♪ 
 (Laughs) 
 ♪ Farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain... ♪ 
 ("Spanish Ladies" continues) 
 ♪ For we have received orders ♪ 
♪ To sail to old England ♪ 
♪ We hope in a short time to see you again ♪ 
♪ And so never more shall we see you again ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 