Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - Gunpowder, Treason, and Plot - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - Gunpowder, Treason, and Plot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=19000 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/09/15 16:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - Gunpowder, Treason, and Plot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on Turn, Washington's Spies... 
 Benedict Arnold : Let's be married straight away. 
 Robert Rogers : Who is the coward behind this? 
 The king. 
 He Just gave General Lee half the army. 
 Abraham Woodhull : Half the army? You sure? 
 Intelligent from Robert Townsend It concerns a plot against Washington himself. 
 We have to get this to Caleb right away. 
 Lt. John Simcoe : I want you to track Abraham Woodhull. 
 Follow him! 
 Their Spies! 
 [screaming] 
 ( Men laughing ) 
 ( cheering ) 
 ♪ God save great George our king ♪ 
♪ Long live our noble king ♪ 
♪ God save our king... ♪ 
 ( Men shouting ) 
 Rangers : ♪ all for me grog, me jolly, jolly grog ♪ 
♪ All for me beer and tobacco ♪ 
 ♪ For we spent all our ting with a lassie drinkin' gin ♪ 
 ♪ And across the western ocean we must wander... ♪ 
 Redcoats :  ♪ Happy and glorious ♪ 
 ♪ Long to reign over us ♪ 
♪ God save our king... ♪ 
 ( laughing ) 
 Rangers :  ♪ Where are me boots, me noggin', noggin' boot ♪ 
♪ They're all sold for beer and tobacco ♪ 
♪ See the soles, they wear thin... ♪ 
 ( singing continues faintly ) Ahem. Running off, Woodhull? Uh, me? No, no. You look like you're dressed to leave, though. How observant. I've been summoned to cover our army's embarkation from Philadelphia to New York. Oh, the retreat. That's right. Well... they'll do very well to have the Queen's Rangers looking over them. Travel safe. Upon mustering my men this morning, I find two are missing... Maclnnis and Tanner. Have you seen them? Can't say I have, no. Cannot say or will not say? ( Men arguing ) ( Rangers singing indistinctly ) Hey, where'd you get that flask? That's Maclnnis's. Oh. What's it doing here and where's my bloody flask? To hell with yours! Where's Maclnnis and Tanner? They ain't showed today and they didn't show yesterday. I don't understand why you think I should've seen them. Because I sent them to follow you. Why would you do that? To look after your safety since you seemed threatened by Corporal Eastin. Well, when they do show their sorry selves, tell them to return my property, the thievin' toyles! ( Shouting ) Thank you very much, Captain, but I wouldn't worry yourself for my safety. ( Indistinct shouting ) ( rifle cocks ) Halt! Stand fast! They have Maclnnis's flask! I should never have allowed Akinbode to leave for New York. You idiots cannot keep yourselves in line. Captain Simcoe! Order your men to stand down their arms. After you, sir. Allowing two British forces to bloody each other wouldn't be good for either of us, now would it? Blood has already been spilled. If you know what's good for you, you'll leave this town. You're in luck. Major Andre has called us to New Jersey on an assignment of actual importance. But per his orders, I shall return here when that's done. ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ Know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪  ♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ Clinton : Not now, Major. General, if you will take but a moment to consider... I don't have a moment, John. We're already moving too slowly as it is to entertain the notion of moving any slower. Unless you think it wise to be trapped between the French fleet and the Continental Army? Of course not, sir. I think it wise to destroy Washington's army now and cause the French to reconsider their support. ( Sighs ) You propose to leave our rear guard undefended? Lightly defended. 1,500 infantry. Just enough to tempt the enemy into open ground. And once they take the bait, that's when Cornwallis brings up his division. If they take the bait. Lee is heading their advance corps. He will march half of Washington's army into the jaws of a trap and then preside over a disastrous retreat. Their columns, their spirits will be broken, sir. Well, you're in quite the hurry to end this, aren't you, John? As I assume you are, sir. Oh, I can't wait to get back to London, true. But it seems you can't wait to get back to Philadelphia even more. So, where do you suppose this trap best be sprung? Monmouth Courthouse. The surrounding farmland will leave Clinton's baggage train exposed. We can pin his rearguard between the treeline here whilst the rest of our division encircles them from the left. He'll have the surprise of his life, sir. I fear surprise will not be a factor. Sir, our main body is so large that any element of surprise will surely be lost. We don't need surprise. For the first time in this bloody conflict, we have the numbers... nearly 6,000 to their 1,500. How have you come by that number, sir? Tallmadge, I would've hoped that General Washington would've impressed upon you that the key to victory lies in having the correct intelligence. I learned these numbers from my scouts, of course. And have they told you where Cornwallis is? If he counters our charge, we may not be able... By the time Clinton and Cornwallis bring up their columns, I'll have decimated their rear. The regiments will be able to hold the rest till Washington arrives. Of course with our esteemed commander camped back at Rocky Hill, he's likely to miss the whole show. ( Chuckles ) Then perhaps we should wait for the reinforcements... Perhaps you should ready your dragoons. They have the honor of leading the van. You get to be tip of the spear, Major. Yes, sir. ( Chatter )  ( Hammering ) ( bird screeching ) ( birds chirping ) I think I've lost him. Lost him forever. Oh. You found me. No, I haven't, 'cause he's right there! There he is. Yes, I've gotcha. ( Laughing ) I've gotcha, Sprout. You've got to get better at sneakin' around. Gotta get better at sneakin'. Klara DeJong said two Queen's Rangers were shot dead by the major's men. No, two rangers are missing. No shots were fired. I think Kiara's probably a bit confused. It is confusing and frightening. Look, the safest place to stay out of trouble is right here, isn't it? ( Door opens ) With your papa. That's where it's safe. Abraham, you... ( door closes ) I'd like to speak to Abraham alone, please, if you would. Of course. Go with your mom. Go with your mom. There you go. Bye-bye. Please. We need to compile your final report from New York. My... my what? I intend to send the entire history of our operation in York City to General Clinton's special adjutant, a Major John Andre. Andre backs Simcoe. He's the only reason Simcoe was saved from the court martial that he so desperately deserves. The task of the Queen's Rangers is to root out hidden conspirators in Long Island. We know that the real spies, the truly dangerous ones, are in New York. Yes... yes, sir. If I can prove that to Andre, then he will learn that Simcoe does not need to remain here and he will move the Queen's Rangers out. Um... but... but my mission was a... it was a failure, sir. That's not the point. Perhaps Andre can find something in your intelligence. I need to show Andre that I am more useful to him than Simcoe. And you are my best hope of that. Let's go. Uh, Major. Major, please, my... my time in prison has, uh... it's played tricks on my mind, all right? I... I can't recall with any... accuracy the details before I was detained. I know what it is like to look back on days that you would rather forget, but if we don't act now, there will be darker days to come. Take the day to collect yourself, but I will need your report tonight. Richard :  Run. What did you say? Tonight. Don't look back. You've taken this as far as you can. Have I? This person Andre will see right through you and you know it. To prove you're not a liar, you'll have to give up something true,  such as the person you were really meeting with in New York. ( Sighs ) I don't understand. Which part? Silence Hewlett. Do you mean... you mean kill Hewlett? I know, it seems impossible, all right, but it's not. ( Scoffs ) All right, he still fancies you. So you take him out tonight, you take him down by the water, I can get the drop on him. No. No, no, no, it'll work. It's gonna work. We just make it look like Simcoe ordered it just like we did those other two Rangers. No, Abe. No, I won't do this. I won't take part in this. All right, why, why? Because it's murder and it's done in cold blood. What? So, then you... you're not hearing me, all right? Hewlett plans to pass on my name to Andre. You remember him from New York? Listen, when he hears the name Woodhull again, when he hears Setauket, where he already sent Robert Rogers to look into the ambush that we planned... There has to be another way. Edmund is...  he's not... Wait, Edmund? Major Hewlett. Yes, Major Hewlett of His Majesty's Royal Army. Have you forgotten who our enemy is? Have you forgotten we're at war? You've changed. Ever since you got out of prison you're different. Yeah, prison will do that to you. Are you gonna help me get this done... or not? All right. You'd better run along before he gets suspicious. ( Blade scraping ) ( door opens ) ( birds chirping ) ( Man shouting orders ) Ah, there you are. Did you find your escort to be satisfactory? They were well-armed. Is there a problem, General? Not at all, my dear. Father. Good day, Margaret. Fantastic day. Shall we give her the news? Yes, well... after happy discussion with this fine gentleman, I have given my blessing. We shall be married straightaway. Now, tell me, how do you feel? I... I... ( laughs ) She is so elated, she can hardly speak. Truly. Come. When was this decided? Arnold : Just now. Here. ( Door opens ) A toast... Sir? Major Wells to see you. Not now, Francis. He claims it's urgent, sir. Urgent. A word thrown hastily by an officer who has never seen combat. Excuse me for a moment. I must administer a chastisement. You gave your blessing?  ( Door closes ) Don't act so surprised. I hope you're proud of the position you put me in. I don't like being threatened. What do you mean? Father, what did he say? It wasn't what he said so much as what he insinuated. A husband's duty is to protect his wife and family. And, as military governor, he would see to it that our family was protected from the patriot mob who now rule this city. I cannot marry that man. ( Marching footsteps ) But he told me that he'd already proposed and you eagerly accepted. No, I... I did not. I will not. Well, then tell him so. I don't wish the son of an apothecary into this family any more than you do. I can't tell him no. Why not? Because it will insult him and I will lose his friendship. So? It's complicated, Father. You... you couldn't understand. Then help me understand. Why do you require his friendship? ( Door opens ) ( Gasps ) Oh, she just went to tell her sisters the happy news. Ah.  She's a very...  exuberant young lady, you'll come to find. One of the many reasons why I love her. ( Chatter ) ( Horse whinnies ) Thank you. You're welcome. Cicero :  M-Mama? Hi, Mama. ( laughing ) Hey, Abby. It's all right, Mama. He brought me here. All the way from Setauket. "All right, Mama." Listen to you now. He's getting big, eh? What's that you wearin', Jordan? They got you workin' as some kind of soldier? Queen's Ranger. Don't dig ditches no more, but I do dig graves for those who cross me. And humble as ever. I don't need to be. I got my freedom papers. I don't look down for no one. You see me lookin' down? Major Andre pays me for my work. We've both come a long way since Selah Strong. I didn't come here to argue. Then why'd you come here? To take you North. Now, if we're free, we should go free. Right now, today, all of us. Where would we go? You heard of Canada? I know the way. You got your boy back. What else you got to stay here for? Uh... like you said, I got my boy back now. I can't think about running. Not yet. You... you wanna think, think. But know this... I'm gonna come back to New York soon, and when I do, be ready. Akinbode. Thank you. Hey, you take care of her, yeah? Abraham :  After my arrest, they probably moved quiet altogether, sir. Well, are we finished, then? If that's all you need, sir, yeah. I think so. Well, you mustn't blame yourself for being an imperfect spy. It's a dirty business, after all. Major Andre should be very interested in this intrigue nonetheless. Um, how will you, uh... how will you get all this to New York? You mean how can I make sure that Simcoe doesn't try to intercept it? I'll send a trusted courier to carry the letter, likely Corporal Eastin. He's made the trip several times now, and I plan to encrypt the message... ( drawer scrapes ) ...with this. What's that, sir? It's called a Cardan Grille, named after the Renaissance astrologer Gerolamo Cardano. Cloaks a secret message inside an ordinary one, which only a matching grille can reveal. It usually takes several drafts to compose a proper mask letter. It may be too dull for you to watch, so don't mind me. You've earned your rest. Whatever your misgivings, Abraham, know that you have done well. ( Knock at door ) ( inhales deeply ) Forgive me, but Thomas isn't well. I think he may have a fever. What? He was fine this morning. I may be wrong. Will you please come and look? Yeah. It's quite all right. We're done here. I can finish up on my own. Okay. Well, where is he? Anna came to me and told me what you intend on doing. She already knows I'm involved with the ring. We can't let you do this, Abe. No. You do not have to kill Hewlett. Oh, I don't? I don't have to? No. No. All right, then why don't you tell me what I have to do? You only have to kill his courier. What? Think about it. Hewlett will likely send one courier as he can't afford to spare a whole detachment. Eastin, yeah. You get ahead of him on the road, you ambush him, make it look like Simcoe did it, revenge for the men that he lost. Mary, I came to you for help. You did the right thing. Wait, what about Andre? Hewlett will just send another courier. ( Sobbing ) Please don't do this. Why not? Eastin's a rat. He's the one that tried to kill my father under Simcoe's orders. There is no one more deserving than Eastin. What changed for you? What happened to "Raid the armory, storm the church, shoot Hewlett"? Did you find some hidden love for the king? Or is it just for Hewlett? You forge a response. What? ( scoffs ) The story will be that Eastin was ambushed returning from New York. You forge a letter from Andre thanking him for his efforts, but making it very clear that he's not interested... No. in pursuing the matter any further. Hewlett won't dare to challenge him. Listen to me. Hewlett will be expecting a message that is encrypted. What do you mean? Why are you doing this? Huh? Why did you change sides? I haven't changed sides, Abe. I don't believe in your cause, I believe in you. And I'm done trying to change you. Though I do think I can help you be a little less sloppy. Now, your father keeps a pistol in the house. I know where it is. It's going to be all right, I promise. I know it is. Redcoat : Flank formation! My God, they're ready for us. Halt! Dress to the right. 
 
 Soldier :  Sir, courier! ( Horse neighs ) Caleb? Caleb, is that you? Hey, Ben, what's new? Where in God's name have you been? I thought you were stuck at the bottom of New York Harbor. Have I got a story for you. Read this, hang on. Forward march! Where's Washington? He's with the main company a day behind us. Ben, he's in danger. It's an inside job. Oh, God. I knew it. What do you mean? I just got it from Long Island. It's a trap. Lee's marching us straight into it. Halt! Halt! Halt! ( Horse neighs ) First company, make ready! Redcoat :  Present! Fire! ( bullets whistling ) ( Men groaning ) Take aim! Fire! ( bullets whistling ) ( Men groaning ) Prime and load! ( chatter ) And for this, Lee receives a small fortune. Well worth the price of ending this war. Redcoat :  Fire! ( bullets whistling ) ( Groaning ) Second company, make ready! Take aim! Fire! ( Bullets whistling ) ( Groaning ) Redcoat :  Present! Fire! Redcoat 2 :  Battalion! Ready! Fire! ( bullets whistling ) ( Groaning ) Captain Simcoe... it appears Wayne's right is vulnerable.  Tie them down. With pleasure, sir. To the front! March! Redcoat :  Make ready! Redcoat 2 :  Reload! Fire! ( bullets whistling ) ( Groaning ) Fall back! Soldier :  Lee said fall back! Fall back! Let's fall back! Hold the line! Hold the line, men! Stand fast, men! Fall back to the trees! ( Shouting continues ) Hold the line! Hold the line! ( Shouting ) Ben :  Stand fast, men!  Stand fast! Soldier :  Retreat! ( gunfire continues ) Ben : General Lee, sir! Generals Wayne, Scott, and Maxwell are withdrawing through the orchard and all our men are falling back at once. Yes, I know. I ordered them. But, sir, if we do not rally the men and form a defensive line, we will not be able to hold them. Hold them? Hold them how? Clinton has sprung a trap and we are outnumbered. Retreat is our only option. Washington expects us to hold. Colonel Bradford, if Major Tallmadge does not clear the road, he is to be hanged from that tree as a deserter! A deserter? ( Horses approaching ) ( horse nickers ) General Lee, I've had a most disturbing report from a young fifer traveling in the wrong direction from the battle. Sir, I... I thought you a day behind us. Why are your men in retreat? They... there has been some confusion, sir. There remains some. Why are your men in retreat? Circumstances prevented a proper advance and I did not think a major action was in the best interest of America at this time. You did not think?! You damned poltroon! You never tried them! You should not have requested this command if you did not intend to attack! What the hell are you about, man? I apologize, Your Excellency. To the rear, sir. Sir... sir... I said to the rear! ( Whistles ) ( distant gunfire ) Colonel Bradford, how far are their cavalry? 15 minutes, sir. Washington :  I want both these detachments into the woods  to ambush the nearer of their columns. Major, ride out to General Wayne and General Scott. Have them hold up the enemy while I form a defensive line with artillery. Yes, sir. Yes. ( "Set it right" playing ) ♪ Home ♪ 
♪ Is the white wind... ♪ Fire! ♪ Home ♪ 
♪ Is the love that I was born to feel ♪ 
♪ Set it right ♪ 
♪ Set it right, boys ♪ 
♪ They can rue the day ♪ 
♪ Set it right ♪ 
♪ Mama, take the wool out of your eyes ♪ Dragoons, advance! ♪ Come and look what I did ♪ 
♪ Mama, take the wool out of your eyes ♪ 
♪ Come and look what I did ♪ 
♪ Come and look what I did. ♪ ( groans ) Redcoat :  Fourth company, retreat! Redcoat 2 :  Retreat! ( cheering ) Wrong way! ( Shouting ) ( cheering, whistling ) Whoo! ( Cheering continues ) Peggy :  I wish to apologize for my ungracious exit the other day. No, you were excited, as you should be. And I'm excited for you, for us. Yes, yes. And it will only get better from here. I've found us a mansion on Market Street, a far nicer home than this. We can have the wedding there next week. I can't be married next week. That did not come out the way I intended it. Oh. And what did you intend? All I meant to ask of you is if we may delay our nuptials until my sister Elizabeth... my eldest sister Elizabeth... can be married. Ah, I see. And when is her happy day planned? Well, she is not engaged yet, so to speak. Not engaged? Well, why not? I've seen your sister. She is a fine woman. Betsy's suitor was a royal officer who left when the King's Army evacuated. She doesn't know if or when he'll return. It's been dreadfully trying for all of us... So she is not engaged and has no suitor? When do you suggest we delay the wedding until? Christmas? I cannot say. A year from Christmas?! Please don't shout. Then give me a clear answer. Do you wish to be married or not? More than you can imagine. Then why wait? I, for one, am through with standing silent waiting patiently for what I deserve now, today. Who said anything about waiting? If you wish to marry into a Philadelphia family, you must adapt to Philadelphia customs. We may have to wait for our wedding day. But that doesn't mean we have to wait for our wedding night. I can't wait that long for you. Of course, no one can know about this but us. Of course. So, you see, the actual date... No, of course. Whatever you think is best. ( Music playing ) To, um... ( Marching footsteps ) ( chuckles ) To New York City. Leave it. A testament to my shattered ambitions... and all I've let slip from my grasp. As you wish, sir. Why didn't you stop me, Abigail? Sir? I should never have left her in Philadelphia. And now I've left her in the hands of that great blue bear, a wounded shell of vanity and lust. She'll turn him, like she turned me. Changed me. I believe in Peggy more than anyone. She won't give up until she delivers him... and he delivers Washington. ( Grunts ) To General Benedict Arnold. May his treachery bring us victory, and may victory bring me Peggy. ( Sighs ) Cicero :  Mama? What's he talkin' about? ( Sobbing ) None of our business. Now, remember, travel safe. You know me, sir... I take the safest and dullest route possible. ( Door opens, closes ) Have you seen your husband? Yes. He took Thomas down to the water. He wanted to teach him how to skip stones. Ah. Have you seen my pistol, the one I kept in the study? Ask Aberdeen. She might have moved it while dusting. ( Door opens, closes ) You can come out now. Good boy. And now, Grandpa's going to hide, and then later we'll look for him. Shh. ( Bird squawking ) ( horse whinnies, hoofbeats approaching ) ( gun hammer clicks ) ( rider grunts ) ( Horse whinnies ) You... you shot me. ( Gun hammer clicks ) You shot my father.  ( Gunshot ) ( Abe grunts ) ( panting ) ( grunting ) You've been a naughty boy, haven't you? ( Gasping ) Shh... ( Soldiers laughing, singing ) Ah, Bradford. You survived. Disappointed? Hey, where are you going? Come back here! Come face me, you stinking Judas! Odd, you should use that word. ( Grunting ) Go. ( Faint singing continues ) The commander is engaged. Yes, of course. But if you'd just please tell him that I have some urgent news I have to discuss... The general wishes to see Major Tallmadge. Major Tallmadge, General. Ben :  Well, congratulations, General. You've claimed the first victory of the year. It was the army's victory, and that only in the most forgiving sense of the word. We turned them, sir. We saw their backs. They won't soon forget that, and neither will we. A symbolic victory, then. ( Pen scratching ) Your Excellency, there's something I have to ask you. How long did I know that General Lee was in communication with the enemy? Ever since you passed along the message from 3-5-5 in Philadelphia. But, sir, you... Merely had to wait for the proper time to deal with him, and with the proper amount of discretion. Like a public shaming? Better he be court-martialed as a failure than as a traitor. There can be no security without secrecy. Indeed. I agree, sir. The value of secrecy is why I've come to you tonight. I have news from Culper. Thanks to your pardoning Hewlett, Culper was freed and he maintained his cover. Now he can't go back to New York, but that's no longer necessary, as we have a new man in the city... Robert Townsend. We refer to him as "Sam Culper, Jr." And he's already provided proof of a conspiracy against you, sir. Conspiracy? Billy, would you call in the Life Guard, please? Sergeant Hickey, Sergeant McPherson. Our new agent in New York overheard a conspiracy plot as it was being discussed openly in the heart of enemy territory. Now, he didn't catch the names of all of the conspirators, but we do have one of them under guard, right now. It's Lee's man... William Bradford. Where are you holding him? No, sir... I can't allow you to leave this tent, for your own safety. Not until we identify the assassin. So, by your leave, my counsel is to have one of your Life Guard quietly escort Bradford here. Discreetly. I'll fetch him. Now, according to "Culper, Jr.," the chief architects of the plot are Royal Governor Tryon and David Matthews, the acting mayor of New York. They're privately funding a cabal within our camp... right now, right here... under your nose. It's all there in the report, sir. Sorry. I have to do this. It will be the end of both of us if I don't. ( Gasps ) Drop it. ( Bayonet rings ) Now. ( Faint singing continues ) ( Caleb whistling ) ( footsteps approaching ) Sir... they're secure. Make sure. Sergeant Hickey. There are other charges they can be brought up on, sir. Counterfeiting, for one. They can both be hanged and no one will ever know how close they came. Thank you, Benjamin. No, thank Brewster and Townsend. And Woody... I mean, Woodhull, sir. So, 7-2-1, do you trust the integrity of the Culper ring, then? With my life, sir, and yours. As you said, secrecy is the key to security. ( Door closes ) Ben :  As long as the ring is secret, it is secure. ( panting ) Kept this safe, did ya? ( Panting, coughing ) I'll be taking it back now, if you don't mind. I'm sorry to deny you success on your little mission on the road today, but, then, that's life, ain't it? We're all denied everything we don't take for ourselves. ( Gasping ) ( Laughing ) I always knew there was something wrong with ya. Ever since John Andre sent me to this backwater. And now... I'm sure he will live to regret his decision, because I have found what he was looking for after all. You and your plucky young freedom fighters. the tavern wench, the smuggler, the cavalry lad... ( Coughing ) and the farmer who can't catch a harvest. all of Georgie's b*st*rd children. See, you're the thing  Andre wants most in the world. And what I want most is my revenge on him. So let an old trapper show you how to set a proper trap. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 