Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - The Battle of Setauket - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - The Battle of Setauket https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=17583 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/09/14 04:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - The Battle of Setauket 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Turn"... 
 Easy! Easy! 
 Are you suggesting poison? 
 Someone was trying to kill you, sir. 
 Ah! 
 Father! Father! 
 Your father's been arrested, Ben. 
 My father? 
 And Lucas Brewster, too. The charges are false. Simcoe has created the threat. All I have to do is present the case and then just see it fall apart. You're planning to lose? Do you have a better idea? Gather those loyal, raid the armory, storm the church, and... Then we bring the war here to Setauket? The war is already here! I left town to cheat the hangman. I doubt the rest will be so lucky. We're going home. (fire crackling) "729, Setauket. 711, General Washington. 725, C. Brewster." (men chatting) Four out of seven ain't bad. Do you think they got lost? No, Selah knows his way. Could be they caught a swell up near Mastic and wound up there. Then we wait for them. Bullshit. You wait. I'm gonna get my uncle before they hang him. Nobody's getting hanged at midnight. We wait for the rest of the unit and then we take them by surprise, all of us. My father's in that cellar, too, you know. (door opens) (gasps) (footsteps approaching) You send Luke and Jeremiah to Whitehall? Aberdeen needed extra hands. She's attending to your father's health  and doesn't have time for the house. I thought you were attending to him. His wish was that I returned here. I'm sorry if that upsets you. What do you mean? Mary, what's wrong? I'm afraid. Of what? You know. The traitors here in Setauket, hiding in secret,  plotting to kill us. The men who shot your father. Now listen to me. I'm gonna tell you something that you can't repeat to anyone else, and I mean it this time. If you whisper this like you did the gravestones, there will be a price to pay for both of us. Captain Simcoe shot my father. What? He used an accomplice. Not sure who it was. I don't think he cared if my father lived or died, just as long as he hanged a Tallmadge for it. This is wrong. Well, Mary, it's the truth, so... What about the petition that Tallmadge and the others signed? The one that you prosecuted them for? All the petition says is that they believe in liberty. I took the case on with the aim to prove that. You lied to everyone Didn't you just hear what I... Fine. That's just fine, then. Now that... no, now that you know, you can go make it right. No, go tell Hewlett. Go and get that ruling reversed so you can see all of those men hanged. I wouldn't do that. No, of course you wouldn't because then you'd be the wife of a traitor. And you would be hanged for treason. (scoffs) Treason? Is that truly how you see it? Yes, that's the law. And is that what you believe? Huh? Tell me. Tell me what you believe in. I believe in family. I believe that a husband should live with his wife, should lay with his wife if he's able to, and if he's not, then be truthful about why. You don't think that I'm able? Well, I haven't had any proof since the winter. I assume you've been proving it elsewhere. Just another thing that you've been hiding. You want proof? I wouldn't want to force you. You might not believe in it. (breathing heavily) Are you sure you don't want to drink something first? (fabric rips) This is Baker's bed. This is my house. Prove it. ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ (rooster crows) Good morning. Morning. What are you doing? Riding into town with you. You have to buy seed for replanting and I have a house to get back in order. We'll spend the whole day together, hmm, Thomas? Sun's up. Not yet. Ben, the sun's up and we still outnumber Hewlett. Even with this lot. All right. (bird call) Get down. Ready firelocks. It's William Blaine and his son Tom. (sighs) Now they come. Caleb, he's only a boy. Those are fishing rods, not muskets. Getting soft, are we? What? Caleb! (grunts) Hi, Bill. Run, Tom! Run! Go and tell the major! (horse whinnies) Man : Stop him! Man 2 : He's getting away! Fire! Hold fire! Hold! Ben : Parsons. Yes, sir. Wait until they beach, then fall in. You take the north hill, we'll take the flank. We march! No need to alter the ship. I like it. Just change the first three letters. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, careful now. Slow down. He says the rebels took his dear old dad down by the cove and they'll come for us next. Tom : Ships and soldiers, hundreds of them. Or 500 of them. (Soldier laughs) It's true. I saw Benjamin Tallmadge all done up in blue and gold. Open it. Cut them down. Soldier : You sure? Just gonna string them up again. Maybe we shoot them right here. We'll likely need our ammunition today, and I want Captain Tallmadge to see his father swing from the gallows. It's an image I've had in my head for quite a while. My son? How... (grunts) Ensign, you are to ride to Sag Harbor and inform Colonel Floyd that we are under attack and request reinforcements, preferably along with the armed vessel we so graciously loaned him in order to ship his tobacco. Yes, Major. Go! Richard, what are you doing out of bed? I'm coming with you. No, no, nonsense. You've already taken a wound in service to the crown. It is now time for me to defend Setauket from those who wish to defile her. I knew this day was coming and I am ready, my old friend. I want to meet my enemy face-to-face. You must protect Whitehall. It's sure to be a target of this raid. I will try to hold them at the water. No. Please, I cooperated. I gave you the names of these men, remember? Like it was yesterday. Come on, Brewster. Up with you. Give him some help. We were sentenced to a prison ship. Under whose orders are we now to be hanged? Mine. (men shouting) We're with you! To the garrison! Grab them! (shouting continues) (choking) (women screaming) Shoulder the muskets. Ready. Shoulder. Tend to the cannon. British soldier : Make ready! Present! Fire! (yelling) Reload! Simcoe : Into the church! Fall back! Fall back! Get back in there. Get your hands off me. Don't give me any trouble. The town's ours. They've taken the captives to the church. Shite. Search every door and get everyone inside the tavern. All right. And remind the men that no private property is to be destroyed. (gunshot) Man : That's Selah Strong. Oi. You're gonna love this. You know them bloody-backs used the church as stables? Well, they're using your old schoolhouse as a magazine. Two dozen barrels of powder. He wasn't lying. They ripped out the gravestones. Caleb : Unholy bastards. Ah, here comes their leader. Smuggle out the powder and any other military stores you can find. All right. I don't recall giving the orders to hang anyone. But, sir, don't you see? This very raid confirms the treason of the accused. They obviously got word out to these rebels to come and rescue them. No doubt the selfsame dragoons that ambushed our regiment in Connecticut. I cannot abide executing prisoners, Captain. Not when it reflects dishonorably upon my command. This conflict will be conducted in a civil manner! Complement one, are you ready to fire? Well, uh... we'll likely hit the gallows, sir. If that's acceptable. No, it is not. You secured the prisoners, but not the powder! Complement two, adjust your quadrant, target the storehouse. Now! Assistance is on its way and I will not have the rebels absconding with our powder. Or using it against us. You may fire when ready. Shh, shh. It's all right. (Thomas crying) It's all right. Shh, shh. It's all right. Come on. Shh, shh. It's all right. Would you please shut that thing up? May I offer your men some ale? May you offer? (all gasp) This is my tavern, DeJong. I built it, I own it. And your wife sold it to me. I had no choice. They were going to take it anyway. She had no right to sell it. The agreement is not binding. I did not write the attainder. Take it up with Judge Woodhull. Oh, I will, trust me. I have plenty to settle with the judge. Last one out the door. Quickly. Got it. Stand clear. Fall back! Fall back! (rumbling) Ah. Reload. Reload! Yes, sir. And hold fire until ordered! Sir? Sir? Yes? The magistrate is requesting access into the camp. (groans) Richard, you shouldn't be here. Have you seen my son? Is he in the town? Let's get you inside. Hey. Will you burn your hometown now, Tallmadge? It's the king's men who are burning it, but take heart, we'll have them out soon enough. Why don't you hold your tongue, Robeson? Before you lose it? Selah. Hewlett has us at range. We can't hope to hit him from here. I need you to put pressure on his flank. We can move up the ridge to conceal our approach. That's even higher ground than his church. Our church. Let's take it back, hmm? Come with me. Say something. Benjamin. The major isn't firing on us, he's firing on you. Now, whatever you boys came here to prove, I think you've proved it. But I'm telling you right now, you will never take that garrison. All you're gonna do is get all these people killed, all right? Is that your wife, Woodhull? And your son? Yes, it is, yeah. Hmm. It's very fine to meet you, Mrs. Woodhull. I seem to remember your husband as a much quieter man. Where the bloody hell is Floyd? Are you sure we need him? Seems to me you're doing an excellent job of repelling the rebels. If you simply continue the bombardment... My orders are to protect this port, not level it. We must hold for reinforcements. We have the high ground, sir, and they failed to achieve their objective with their opening thrust. To simply wait when it's within our power to crush them... I will determine the strategy here, Captain Sim... (gunshots) Selah : Rear right forward! (groaning) (Gunsts) Take aim! Fire! (shattering) (gunshots) "They that sow wickedness, reap the same." Indeed, Reverend. Put your arms up towards the heavens. Shield the windows with the others! Captain, don't do this. Sit down before you fall down. Selah : Hold your fire. Who's the fastest man here? Ben : Damn it, what kind of a commander uses prisoners as a barricade? It's likely Captain Simcoe. You may not know of him, but he's less subtle than the major. They mean to hold out until reinforcements arrive. Caleb : I figure we got till sundown to break them. Ben : If that. You need to take another detachment and round on them from the east. Then I'll send forth terms for surrender. If we take the church, then we can use their cannons Hewlett will never surrender to you. And Simcoe will shoot down any Continental who approaches the church and then he will kill your father and your uncle. Well, maybe we'll use his men to shield us. 
 
 (cups clatter) (gasps) Anna : Leave him be! If you say you're better than them, The major is a fair man. He will respect a flag of truce. (Thomas crying) You said that Selah saw the magistrate inside the church. That means your father's there as well, Abe. Whatever happens to mine happens to yours, which makes you the perfect man to deliver our terms. Let's take him somewhere private, huh? No! Don't worry, ma'am. It's all right. We need your husband to send a message. We're not gonna hurt him. (gasps) Not much anyways. Mrs. Strong, would you kindly open the cellar for us? Easy, easy, easy! Hey, hey! (laughs) Just keeping up the ruse, Woody, all right? Ben, what the hell is this? Anna : Shh, you want them to hear us up there. Hey, I'm sorry. I couldn't send warning. There was no time. It was only by God's good grace that we came across Walter Havens. He told us about the hangings. There were no hangings. What? Not till you showed up. I had convinced Hewlett to commute their sentences. They were bound instead for the Jersey. Oh, the Jersey. 'Cause that ain't a death sentence, is it? Anna : Apparently it's not. I stood on the deck of that ship and had the warden tell me that Selah died there over Christmas. I have lived with that belief since last we were in New York spying for you. Surely you had time enough to warn me that my husband was alive and serving alongside you both. Look... Anna, I'm sorry. It was my decision. Caleb wanted to tell, you but I said no. The truth is, your husband is alive because my brother is dead. Robert Rogers used the promise of Samuel as bait to trap me. Samuel is dead? Selah was with him when he passed. So I can confirm for you that, yes, the Jersey is a death sentence, and I will not see my father sent there. So... so this raid is family business? It's personal? You saying you wouldn't do the same? No, no, I'm just saying it makes sense, is all. More sense than Washington sending you both here anyway. He granted me discretion to advance my mission as I see fit. Oh, I see. So you're gonna have to explain it all to him, then. Good. When you do, please inform 711 that his precious Mr. Culpepper is finished. I am out. Nobody is out. Your standing in this town is intact and I intend to keep it that way. I'm not a soldier in your army, Major. I don't have to take your orders. But you're right about one thing. My standing in this town is all you've got left. Now, I wasn't lying when I told you Hewlett would never surrender. And you know there's no chance that you take that church before some force on this island shows up. We ain't leavin' without our family, all right? Well, then I guess today you take your orders from me. Abe : They are more than 50, less than 100. I tried to take a silent count, but they caught me lookin'. I knew their numbers were exaggerated. They still outnumber us and they have our flank. So you mean to surrender? No. They don't request... Good because I'd hate you to become the first commander to let the patriots get a foothold on Long Island. Abe : to They don't askts get a for surrender, sir. They... they know that you will never bow. (Richard coughing) Abraham, what are their terms? Tallmadge says that he will trade the soldiers that he has in his custody  for the prisoners here in the church. And that he will then order a withdrawal, sir. Eight civilians in exchange for conceding the field? When they have the numbers? I can't decide whether they think themselves cowards or us fools. If further harm comes to any of the prisoners here, sir,  he will retaliate in kind, and I am concerned for my family  and the other Loyalist captives down there. Your concern is none of our concern. Enough! You make it so I cannot hear myself think. Major, you said yourself these men are like a gangrenous limb, a sickness that needs to be bled from this town. This is our chance. Lucas : A sickness? What do you know of sickness, Woodhull? Quiet, Lucas, if you know what's good for you. And this Major Tallmadge, he has given his word that he will withdraw following the exchange? The word of a traitor means nothing. These are hardened criminals. If we just let them go, we're only adding to the ranks of the Continental Army! Captain, you will keep your opinion to when it is required. To yield is to show weakness. I will yield nothing that I do not wish to yield! I'm trying to save the town! Then kill the enemy! Force them to charge the barricade! Give them cannon and musket full-on! All they require is proper motivation! Captain, bring him back at once! (hammer clicks) (gunshot) (shouts) Fire! (shouting) No, Caleb, stop! Caleb! Calm down. Caleb. Caleb, calm down. God! Eastin, your pistol, please. Hewlett : Belay that. Arrest Captain Simcoe. Now! (grunting) You deserve what's coming to you, Oyster Major. That's what they call you, you know. Commander of the army's backwater-bred... (muffled) Prepare the cannon to repel a charge. We're in a fight to the death now. Not if you let them go. The prisoners, now. All of them. I'm quite sure an exchange is off the table, Richard. No exchange... a release, unconditional and immediate. And the good reverend will convince his son to withdraw. I see no honor in this fight going on. Only further bloodshed. (coughing) I'll have you know, it wasn't me who took that shot at you. Caleb : Come on! Ben : Just calm down. Calm down. (grunts) All right! Stay down. Stay down. All right! Caleb, Caleb! Stop! Solider : Incoming! Don't fire. Shoulder your firelocks! Get ready. Here. Take the b*st*rd's shackles off him. Shoulder your firelocks. Rise. Fall back on me. Grab your haversacks and head for the boats. Mr. Woodhull, please express my thanks to the major for freeing the survivors  as well as my wish that he administers  the proper justice to Captain Simcoe. I will. Culper. What? Tell Washington it's Samuel Culper, not Culpepper. I won't sign the letters as anyone else. Abraham! It's all right. It's all right. (drumming) Lawful citizens of Setauket! We are here to protect your persons and your property. Retreat to your homes and stay there  until we've driven out the enemy. Just in time, eh, Major? Just. Let me look at you. (horse whinnies) (soldiers shouting) I'm sorry. The cause needs me here. Selah : Anna? No! Fire! Hold fire! Don't hit her! Don't just stand there. She's trying to escape them. Go in and get her! It's all right. It's all right. (panting) You all right? Andre : The application of military force, like every other thing in creation, is subject to the natural laws of cause and effect, especially when it is misused. You are familiar with the science of Sir Isaac Newton? I'm trying to quit. Sherry or physics? Best of luck with that. You may need a drink after we're done. Oh, I'm sorry I didn't come when I was summoned, but, you see, the cursed rebels had other ideas. Benedict Arnold cut off half our regiments from the fleet. If it weren't for the Queen's Rangers... Saving our men from a harsh fate won't spare you from yours, Robert. Did you really think General Howe would countenance your insubordination of last month's prisoner exchange? For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Or consequence, if you prefer. Inspector General Innes has granted me full authority to overhaul our provincial forces before they become, and I quote, "a disorderly and destructive banditti." This ain't about no prisoner exchange, is it? You lads have had it in for me ever since I refused to line your pockets in exchange for commissions and weak officers. Instead, I hire mean sorts... Indians, trackers, Negroes, brawlers... and I refuse to let any man tell me how to go about my business. That shouldn't be a problem anymore. The Queen's Rangers will be put under another's command. I am the Queen's Rangers, and those boys won't follow anyone else. Those boys are mercenaries. They follow coin. And I plan to pay. Oh, aye, you'll pay, all right. (floorboard creaks) Mm-hmm. I get your meaning about causes and their effects. Hmm? (laughs) A trick about these effects is they have ways of turning into new causes if you're not careful. What goes up must come down, huh? (laughing) (laughing continues) (door closes) How's your father? He's safe at home. I just hope he didn't inflame his wound with his efforts today. Are you all right? Tired. Yeah. Well, I can't imagine why. Where's Thomas? (Thomas cooing) (sighs) Mary. What have you done? What have you done? What have I done? What have I done? Oh, are you going to shoot me now, Abe? Is that it? No. No. Am I your enemy, Abraham? Have I always been your enemy? Mary, listen to me! Just... just let me explain, all right? Let me explain about all of this. What is there to explain? You are a traitor and an adulterer and a spy for Washington. Oh, I'm sorry... 711, is it? If I had known that you were going to bring your Patriot friends here to attack our town, I would've taken that book straight to Major Hewlett, for now I am a party to treason. Damn it, Mary, I didn't know that Tallmadge was coming here! He didn't warn me! It's just my luck, I suppose. Always walking in when I'm not wanted. Step away, Mary. (hammer clicks) (breathing heavily) Please... please don't. You know I have to. No, you don't. You don't. You can let me leave. I will run away from here and I won't return. You may be a treasonist, Mr. Woodhull, but I can't be. (grunts) (Mary screams) Mr. Baker. Mr. Baker. (whimpering) (sobbing) (Thomas crying) Mr. Baker. (hyperventilating) (sobbing) Mr. Baker. The rebels. The rebels fled the town,  and some of them went to the boats but not all of them. Some of them came through the farms on their way out. Four of them passed through our field. Ensign Baker saw them, he tried to stop them. They shot him. Mary! They shot him! And then they burnt down the house of the judge's son. But they took mercy on us on account of our child, who still needs his mother and his father. As providence would have it, they were able to move into Whitehall just as they always should have. I know how to clean up a mess. (groans) Are you gonna go and get Thomas? You scared him with that shot of yours. Thomas. Mm. (whimpers) "Lyke Wake Dirge" playing ♪ This one night this one night ♪ 
♪ Every night and all ♪ 
♪ Fire and sleet and candlelight ♪ 
♪ And Christ receive thy soul ♪ 
♪ When from thorny wood shall pass ♪ 
♪ Every night and all ♪ 
♪ The fire shall burn thee to thy bone ♪ 
♪ And Christ receive thy soul ♪ 
♪ And Christ receive thy soul ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 