Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Sealed Fate - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Sealed Fate https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=18101 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/05/15 12:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Sealed Fate 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on Turn: Washington's Spies. 
 You recent trip to New York, I told your father what you were doing there. 
 Now what we really need is a friend inside the city and I may have found him. 
 Male : Why do you need the tongue? 
 To put a fine point on it. 
 The key to victory is having the right man, our man, in the heart of the enemy camp. 
 Intelligence is hidden inside a bust of King George you are to extract it without its new owner knowing it was ever there. 
 Caleb Brewster : The letter inside the bust you stole, it's meant for General George Washington himself. 
 Mr. Adams also expresses his thanks once again for accepting his nomination and he addresses you as general. 
 Sir. 
 You have a visitor. 
 Does the cold so numb your fingers, Joseph, that you cannot finish dressing for company? 
 Oh. 
 I haven't time for visitors. 
 Send him in. 
 I imagine it's a time since you've seen that dagger. 
 Major Rogers. 
 (laughs) 
 I was wondering if you'd know my face. 
 To what do I owe this gift? 
 (knocks) 
 Oh. Rest assured, boy, I mean your master no ill will. 
 In fact, I come to congratulate him upon his recent most deserved appointment as general of the Continental Army. 
 Major, what is it you want? 
 I come to offer my service to America. 
 I cannot endorse your methods. 
 No, no, no, no, George. 
 The same beast in me dwells in you, George. 
 All your battles lost, all the men you ever led to slaughter, all because you deny that feral nature. 
 Unleash it or it will devour you You're a student of history. I myself enjoy more recent color. Consider a man five years gone, appears in Philadelphia and swears not to take up arms against us. And then turns around and sells his services to the enemy. What man was that, hmm? A man who was followed. Take him to New Hampshire to be disposed of  as their government judges best. You'll watch them all die again, George! I'll let you live to regret it! You will live to regret it! (Grunts, shouts) ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ Know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they hide in the cover of night ♪  ♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ Why are you doing this? It's not just yourself you're putting at risk. You're endangering your whole family. I just thought I might ask why. It is my fault that I treated you too much like a child. I have underestimated you. You're not just pretending to be a Patriot in New York, are you? I believe a judge needs evidence to prosecute. Or a confession. Well, good luck with that. There will be no more warnings. When you return, I will be here waiting. Bring Hewlett nothing, and I will convince him the folly of this venture. But tell another lie, and I will see it scrutinized. Whatever webs you weave, I will cut. I look forward to your next report. ♪ Vain Britons boast no longer ♪ 
♪ With proud indignity ♪ ♪ By land your conquering legions ♪ 
♪ Your matchless strength by sea ♪ ♪ Since we, your sons incensed ♪ 
♪ Our swords have girded on ♪ 
♪ Hey, huzzah, huzzah, huzzah, huzzah ♪ 
♪ For war and Washington ♪ 
♪ Still deaf to mild entreaties ♪ 
♪ Still blind to England's good... ♪ What's that bloody-back doing here? (Clamoring) Good morning. I'm Major Tallmadge. And you are? Arthur Sutherland. Your servant. Well, it seems to me you might be a bit lost, Mr. Sutherland. This is where I'd come to join the Continental Army, is it not? Let me remind you that we have special punishments for those who try to worm their way behind our lines. Which is why I did not cross over earlier. Had to wait until fate provided an opportunity for me to prove my loyalty. Fate? Please, I'm listening. Soon another man will come into the camp. A civilian. He will make some wild claim. He will sound very convincing, but make no mistake, this man is not to be trusted. Hmm. And what is this man's name? Bill Shanks. And what are Mr. Shanks' true intentions? To burrow deep and spy for the king. Oh, dear. Now tell me, how is it that you've come to know all this? Because I was the one assigned to escort him through our lines by Major John André. Thought he could trust one of us to escort Shanks to the border, then return. But I doubled back and beat him here. What wild claim? Sorry? What wild claim will Bill Shanks make to gain our trust? That I am afraid I do not know. Now, I know he wouldn't be the first redcoat to wander behind our lines, but one with direct knowledge of André's operations. I mean, he could be valuable to us. (Clanging) Mr. Sackett? Mr. Sackett. (Grunts, groans) Not for prying eyes. I'm head of intelligence. One cannot be too careful. Right, so, the defector... Ah. I am reminded of an old story in which a foolish youth spied a tree bearing low-hanging fruit. So... so, what, you think he's a bad apple? I think it would be best to heed God's warning not to sample a bite. And would you be God in this scenario? Caleb :  ♪ Oh, how joyful shall I be ♪ ♪ When I get the money... ♪ Huh? ♪ I will bring it all to thee ♪ 
♪ Oh, my diddling honey. ♪ You're late. Oh! Nice to see you, too. Sir. Your pirate returns with Blackbeard's treasure. Straight from the head of the king himself. Where's my drill? Forget the drill. Where have you been? It was meant to be a simple retrieval. Nothing simple about it, Tall-boy. You see, first of all, I went back to Morristown, didn't I? Only to hear, "Sorry, sir, you know, the army's picked up and moved from this godforsaken pit to another godforsaken pit." Jesus. What's going on here? (Muttering) Can this possibly be genuine? From one George to another. William, please invite the gentleman from Rodrigue Hortalez here immediately. (Whispers) Who the hell is "Rodricky Whore-to-lez"? It's not a man, it's a front for French secret intelligence. Right. (Pounding table) (Girls giggling) Be good girls now. Help Mistress Anne. Ah! The help. Major! Man :  Guards approaching. (sheep bleating) Simcoe :  Whoa. Akinbode, we're home. Tie up there in the paddock. Man :  Aye, sir. Tie the horses up in the paddock. Jordan? Hello. Ooh. Hewlett :  You! How dare you show your face in this place again? Please, Major, there's no need for apology. It's good to see you. An apology? Yes, I've already chosen to forgive past transgressions and begin anew. This is not a military uniform. Not a regular's, no. It's fallen to me to take command of His Majesty's irregulars. The Queen's Rangers. I think I finally understand the burden of a full command. Killing men in cold blood is hardly a leadership quality. In the meantime, while my men camp there, I require more domestic accommodations. Your tavern, Mrs. Strong, should do nicely. Of course, Captain. You're more than welcome to rest in my room. It's perfect timing, actually. Major Hewlett had just this morning offered me lodging at Whitehall  and I've accepted with gratitude. It was the least that I could do. I fear it may not be enough. My men have heard rumors of rebels  raiding private homes all across Long Island. I worry that Whitehall may not be as safe as it once was. Thank you for your concern, but I can assure you, this town is quite safe since dangerous elements were chased out of it last spring. Have my men collected your baggage yet as per your request? I... I believe they were just about to. Come. Best out of three, wasn't it? I don't have any time for games tonight. So why don't you follow that gentleman's example and pay your outstanding bill? Oh, I forgot last time, yeah. I was in a bit of a hurry. It's quite all right, Mr. Woodhull. You may amend the error and be on your way. Woodhull? Ah, so you're Woodhull? (chuckles) Dinner's ready, son. Son? Samuel Townsend. Oh. I have heard much about you, sir. Is that right? Robert :  Father, he's only just arrived. He must be tired. He must be hungry. Join us, young man. I could eat. (laughing) Mm! Excellent, sir. You must possess considerable skill to cook without salt or butter. We Quakers try to avoid those condiments tainted by sin, having contributed to the taxes that brought on this war. Are you nearly finished, then? Uh, no. Let the boy eat, Robert. Did you see me pull his plate? Man :  Oi, innkeeper, there's a cockroach in my gravy. And we need more ale. Duty calls. Yes, it does. Yes, it does. I will be back momentarily. That's a very fine cane you have there. And nice silver buckles. Quite radical for a Quaker, wouldn't you agree? My son would. He'd argue that it's better to keep to our faith,  but our faith has so many rules...  modesty, silence, neutrality. Not all can be followed. Well, how do you determine which to forgo and which to respect? Robert will make the right choice and serve God, not a king who pretends to be Him. But it will take time. There are pressures back home which limit my visits to the city. How much time have you got? I leave tomorrow. I need his answer tonight. (Clears throat) Man :  The royal seal. You are convinced of its authenticity? Monsieur de Francy, this was torn from the royal exchequer's balance ledger. In it is all the expenditures His Majesty is forced to make in order to sustain wars in India, the Caribbean, the high seas,  and here in the colonies. In short, sir, England is all but bankrupt. How did it come into your possession? Sackett :  Through considerable effort,  we were able to place a spy inside His Majesty's court. She was in the room when the king received this financial crisis. How dare they tell me we owe? I am the one who collects. I collect! He did not take it well. This tells me... Your Majesty, please. We cannot afford any more war. And seizing opportunity, our agent took it upon herself to steal the most crucial piece of evidence. King george :  Why are you always following me around? Like a little dog, are we? How is it she was not immediately discovered by the king's men? They were indisposed. Dog time? Dog time? Woof, woof, woof! Woof, woof, woof! Apparently, the poor monarch is quite mad. Do you have proof of that? Monsieur, you have asked for proof that we can win this fight. We have shown it on the field at Saratoga. Now we show it in cold, hard numbers. It is time to unite. I will depart from camp at once and not rest until I see this into the hand of King Louis himself. Aw... afraid I can't let you do that, "de Frenchy." It's Brewster, sir. Lieutenant. I know who you are. Just not why you speak. Sir, King George, he knows his ledger's been stolen, right? He's dispatched Robert Rogers to retrieve it. Ben :  Rogers? Caleb : Yeah. And he has orders, sir, not to let that reach France. He's been on my trail since Jersey  and he's out there now just waiting for us to make our move. Ben :  Well, we make a duplicate. We'll send a hundred copies all at once. No, no, no. I cannot go back to France with a forgery. This seal must reach Versailles. Is this Rogers truly so dangerous? Yes. Yes, he is. How many men does he have with him? Uh, I mean, 10, but it could be more. Surely this man cannot overrun a full cavalry. Rogers is a hunter. We must throw him off our scent. We'll send the cavalry out in force, then split the detachment in two. One will head to Portsmouth, the other to Baltimore. He won't know which has the treasure. No, he'll just split his men in two and track them both. Yes, and while he's doing that, he will be unaware that a third party had already left camp tonight. A single plainclothes fur trader accompanied by one of our more trusted native scouts. He'll travel off trail to Port Charlestown and from there to France to secure the future of this great nation. Long live the United States of America. Et vive la France. Sergeant. Sir. I want every man on his horse and ready to ride in 20 minutes. Aye. 20 minutes. Thank you. Dragoons. Sir. Boots and saddles. Aye, sir. 
 
 (Men shouting) Right, so, which do you want? Portsmouth or Baltimore? Man :  Major Tallmadge, sir. A civilian has come into camp. Claims to have urgent news for General Washington. A civilian? (Coughing) Who the hell are you? Look, I made my way through rain, snow, and two battle lines to speak with your general, not some boy. Now, where is he? Yes, of course, sir. And what name shall I give to the general? Shanks. Bill Shanks. Now go get him. It's of the utmost importance. What, did you honestly think that you could just walk into this camp and demand an audience with the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army? Well, I won't talk with anyone else. (Sniffs) You realize that you've crossed over military lines wearing civilian clothing? That means that you can be hanged as a spy if I determine that your intentions are insincere. So, please, for your own sake, what is it you have to say? No? All right, fine. Then you can just sit here until we ring in the new year. Not without your commander, you won't. What did you just say? There is to be an assassination attempt on Washington sometime before the new year. And it is to be carried out by someone inside this camp. Mr. Sutherland. Shanks has come in. Now remember, whatever he tells you, it's a lie. Thought you'd be asleep. No, no. I'm quite awake. We think it you who've been a-slumber for too long. Get out. No more games, Robert. This is my room, my inn. This is the king's room. Under his martial law, your business and your life are at the mercy of the Crown. An excellent argument to keep quiet and follow the law. And to all outside appearances, that is exactly what you'd be doing. Now, your safety is important to us, Robert. Us? Who is us? No more games, eh? General Washington, Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army. That is who I serve directly. And so would you. Robert, you are exactly what Washington needs most... a friend that's already inside the city. You wouldn't even have to risk travel. All right? You'd live your life. You write down what you see, what you hear, and then you send it to me on Long Island. (laughs) All right? Anything that is incriminating will be concealed. In an egg, I assume? No, no, we have invisible ink. I will give you a demonstra... Invisible ink? Which I can demonstrate to you and you will be convinced. And you will be protected. No one will know your true name, not even inside the Continental camp. I don't know what I could write that would be of any interest to you or to General Washington. Troop numbers. Ship numbers. Anything that you hear from an officer ranked captain or higher. You invite this danger into our family? No, Robert, you did when you chose to tell me his secret. As a warning. As an example to keep your mouth as a bridle. The wrong word, written or said, can get a man hanged. Is that what you wish for me? I wish for you to choose a side and act. With faith and conviction. I pray for you. Pray for him. Robert, please. My answer is no. And unless you wish me to communicate that to the grenadier in room three, I suggest that you leave now and be gone by morning. All right, all right, all right, all right, Robert. Ben, we've got to warn Washington now. Look, Shanks has said everything that Sutherland claimed he would. Which means he's just lying to gain our favor. Besides, I'm on thin ice with Washington as it is. I can't just go to him now and cry wolf, not when he's in the middle of securing an alliance with France. An alliance won't mean shite if we ain't got a chief to lead the army. Besides, what if it's the bloody-back who's lying? What if they're both lying? Caleb :  Jesus, Sackett. Do you even trust yourself? Not for years. Unbelievable. Caleb :  Tall-boy, get to the bottom of this. I'll lead the decoy to Baltimore. No, Caleb. Listen to me. We'll be fine. Wait. See you later. Shanks : What are you doing? Sackett : Put your hand... Ben : Sit still. Ah. Ow! Mr. Sackett here is a clever sort. His contraption can detect a heart's pulse rate in the extremities. It's going to reveal to me whether you're telling fact or fiction. But be careful, you wait too long, it might snap your fingers clean off. No, no, no, no. I'm telling the truth. Well, we'll see about that. You claim that you walked through two armies' lines, waded through rain and snow, and no one saw you? I was careful. I made sure. No? Not even Lieutenant Sutherland? Who? I... I don't know any Sutherland. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know any Sutherland. He knows you. Told us all about you and your secret mission. No, no, no, no. I don't have any secrets. I don't. I don't. I told you my secret. Yes, and why? Why tell us? Why go to all this trouble? Better hurry. Up next is toes. No, no, no, listen. Listen, please. I work as a clerk in Philadelphia. My office is on Lombard Street. One week ago, I heard two men talking. Royal officers. They were discussing how they would put a man in the camp to kill Washington. How that would end this war. How they would be rewarded. Ah, yes, and you thought that if you warned Washington, you'd be rewarded just the same, maybe even more. I thought God was giving me a sign. Right, and these men, these officers, what are their names? One of them was called... called Gamble. All right, the other man. Uh, I didn't... I didn't catch his name, but he was handsome, tall... With a slender, blond braid worn down the shoulder. Does that sound familiar to you? Sounds exactly like Major André. Well, you were right about Shanks. He made an outrageous claim to gain our confidence. Truly? What was it? Well, he said that General Howe would attack this camp before the new year. It's a good story. André could even arrange a small skirmish to sell the lie, embed Shanks deeper. Well, we may add some fortifications, but I think just to be safe, we'll send Washington away from here. At least until the new year. Is that wise? To separate the commander-in-chief from his own army? You would counsel otherwise? I'd not surrender him to men in the dark. I'd keep him surrounded by those he trusts most. Sutherland is lying. Shanks' threat is real. Are you sure? Well, he's telling the truth about as well as that thing can detect a heartbeat. Shanks described André and he's willing to give us more names. Sir, I'm more sure of a man driven by greed than I am of one... Shanks. So clearly spouting recited motivations. And what is the motivation of this fusilier? Billy? Well, sir, if André suspected that Shanks overheard his plot, he'd send Sutherland ahead to discredit the man. To make his warning sound suspect, desperate even. So that is your conclusion? To condemn Sutherland and reward Shanks? With more time, I could... Let's see if more time is necessary. Sir... (man shouting orders) You wished to speak with me? (Clears throat) Your Excellency, your person is in mortal danger. And I came as quick as I could to warn you. What is your full name? Wilcox Shanks, sir. Your full name, please. Bartholomew Wilcox Shanks. In truth, Mr. Shanks, you were at a disadvantage the moment you arrived. Sir? This is not the first time a man has appeared out of the night to offer his services to me. And I learned then that knowing one's reasons is as necessary as knowing the lies he's willing to sell. Three months ago, we suffered a loss  severe enough to be given an epithet... the Paoli Massacre. Born at the hands of a British adjutant, a Major John André. So heavy were the losses that I reviewed the order of battle for the names of the dead and the captured and missing. One name stuck out. A Pennsylvania 10th man who'd just been cited for court-martial Clearly he had deserted during battle and then defected to the enemy. Wait, sir. (Sobbing) Sir, he may have been one of ours, but his motive could be absolution, not vengeance. Major. Sir, please! Please, sir, hear me. Just because his biography was false does not mean that his story is also. Tallmadge, your judgment in this matter is indicative of your judgment these last several months. You are blinded when I need you able to see. I... I don't believe that I'm wrong, sir. Yes, and that is the problem. Mr. Sackett. Sir. You will debrief Sutherland. (Knock at door) He told me to give you your bill. (Scoffs) Are all sons so stubborn? I won't give up on him. He wants this. He just needs to see that it's possible. That's why he gave me this bill. To give to you because he knew that I would come here and say this. It's the game that we play. Please, don't give up on him either. On your next trip, that's when he'll bend. If there is a next trip. Why? What prevents you from returning? Let's just say... not all fathers are as encouraging as you are. Well, I encourage you. Find your way back. For all our sakes. Major, after this last trip to New York, I am convinced that we are on the cusp of unmasking the Sons of Liberty. Do go on. Did you find Browning? I found him. According to the "Royal Gazette," a man named Henry Browning was found knifed to death in the Bowery. Well, sir, they, ahem... they must have killed him. Killed one of their own? Likely because they know that you were onto him. Which means you're exposed. Oh, dear. You need evidence, don't you? Richard's voice :  Or a confession.   Or a confession. Grumpy old b*st*rd. Your father is right, Abraham. Three trips to New York, it's growing awfully expensive. Especially since we have no names other than those who have left town or who are deceased. No names. No proof of any hidden rebels. You want a name? I'll give you a name. Robert Townsend. A smug Quaker shite who also cheats at draughts. No, you don't need names. You don't need names. You need evidence. In writing. Sir, the rebel dead drop is exposed to us now. You send men to investigate its contents. It will lead us directly to the Sons of Liberty. You believe this drop is still in use? I'm sure of it. Guard : Nice, I'll go check. Hey, what are you doing there? What are you doing, trying to knock down my wall? Hey, go on, get out. Get! You there. What are you doing? What did you just put in your pocket? Give it here. (Gunshot) Hey, Linch, we just caught us a spy. So, Major John André. I'd like to know all I can about my honored nemesis. Let's start with the braid. (Flute playing) (Men shouting) If I'd taken those boots, I would've lost my foot. Yes, and if you'd told me the truth, then you wouldn't be hanging. Now listen to me. We are gonna give you one more chance. Is there truly a threat on Washington's life? Yes! Then give me something! Who's the assassin? How are they gonna get him into the camp? They just said sometime before the new year. André and his man Gamble. Wait. Wait, describe him to me. André? I did. No, Gamble. Gamble. Describe Gamble. Uh, he had kind of a scar on his cheek from fencing or from... from... Mr. Sackett! Oh, God, no, no! No, Mr. Sackett! Guard, help! Help! Someone help! Mr. Sackett, no. No, please. It's all right. It's all right. Don't... don't go. Get the doctor! I'm here. (Gurgling) It's all right. It's all right. Please don't go. Please stay with me. Get the doctor now! Oh, God. Please don't go. Guard :  Doctor! No, no. Please, Nathaniel. Don't go. I'm so sorry. (Sobbing) No! (Men shouting) Man :  Sir! Man 2 :  On the inside, go! Ben :  You were never the target, sir. We were. Gamble stole vital documents, some of them containing the name Samuel Culper. (Mutters) André allowed Shanks to eavesdrop in order to blind us. Ben :  No, to blind you, sir. If you had let me do my job... Certain I was right. I was certain. (Bird warbling) (Horse neighs) (hooting) (Whooshing) (horse neighing) See, I swore to King George that I would kill whoever saw this. But then I swore to another George that he would live to regret me. (Spits) Well, I suppose your body would send that message. (Gurgling) It's not what it looks like. It looks like we're going to be hanging Patriot conspirators. No, no, you got it wrong. You helped us uncover a rebel message system. I'm not a rebel. I am not a rebel. Then why run? (Grunts) Oh! (Groans) You might want to save yourself further pain... and confess. All right, all right, I wrote the letter. I wrote the letter, but it was for a trap to lure rebels, all right? Look, write to Major Hewlett in Setauket. He'll corroborate every word that I've said. Every word. Major Hewlett, eh? (Playing) Abe :  Major Edmund Hewlett of Setauket in Long Island. He will confirm my mission for the king. I will talk to him. This is still my house. Hewlett :  I believe I've got a folio of Handel in my room. It's a little more forgiving. (Playing continues) (humming) (soft clatter) (groans) (Grunting) Major Hewlett. What is this about? I am an officer in the Royal Army. Release me. Maybe we'll just release your tongue. Make things even. Take him to the boat. Let's go. Major! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 