Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=16866 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/07/14 18:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 What're you doing, Sprout, huh? 
 What are you doing? Come here, look at you. 
 Ah. 
 You gonna walk for me? 
 You gonna walk for your dad? 
 Let's try walking again. 
 There you go. 
 All right, there you go. 
 Look at you, big boy now, huh? 
 There. 
 See? It's easy. 
 Huh? Look at you. (Kisses) 
 Keep going, keep going. 
 Sure you want him to learn to walk so soon? 
 Well, he's almost a year old. 
 Faster he learns to walk, the sooner he learns to march. 
 That's a good point. 
 Nah, you're a smart one, Thomas, huh? 
 Just like your ma, huh? 
 (Door opens) 
 Afternoon. 
 I thought regulars were trained to fold their own bedding. 
 He'll be out before Christmas. 
 They will. 
 This fighting can't last. 
 If one redcoat in the house is as close as it comes to us, then... then I shall thank the Lord and be done with it. 
 (Blade slices) 
 (Men laughing, chattering) 
 It's a pity His Majesty don't pay for scalps no more, huh? 
 Used to offer 130 cobs a head. 
 For men, not for boys under 12. 
 (Men laugh) 
 That's all Washington has left to send is boys. 
 Aye, Major? 
 Washington coulda had men. (Urinating) 
 Coulda had Rangers. 
 If he were bolder, not so tight with his purse. 
 Those pups died for nothing. 
 ♪ Across the hills... ♪ 
 (Singing continues quietly) 
 (Footsteps sloshing) 
 (Gasps) 
 (Blade slicing) 
 (Groans) 
 (Gurgling) 
 (Singing continues) 
 Welsh! 
 Oi, Welsh! 
 Are you done yet? 
 (Slices) 
 The damn fool makes for the trees when I've told him a hundred times, you start on the outside and work your way in. 
 He's a greenhorn, huh? 
 (Imitates birdcall) 
 Ah! 
 (Grunts) 
 Man : Come on, lads! Let's run him, boys! 
 Let's run him like a dog! 
 Come on, lads! 
 (Shouting) 
 (Gunfire) 
 Soldier : They were waiting for us. They knew where we would be. 
 Man : They couldn't have known. 
 They were waiting. 
 How? 
 These were not Tory militia or Regulars. 
 They... they were Queen's Rangers. 
 Was it Robert Rogers? 
 It was luck, then. 
 Just bad luck you ran into him. 
 I asked for a coat. 
 Luck? 
 Sir, luck had nothing to do with this. 
 We both know that. The... 
 The British, they use Rogers and his mercenaries like a bear trap, and they knew precisely where to set him. 
 This was an ambush planned in advance. 
 Are you saying there's a breach within our ranks? 
 I'm saying that they have spies everywhere, sir... and that we need the same. 
 See to your shoulder. 
 After you've recovered, I'll assign you new men. 
 General, please. These scouting runs, they're suicide. 
 We have discussed this, Captain Tallmadge. 
 I will not waste money on informers. 
 I agree, sir. All I would need from you is one man to serve as a courier between myself and a friend in New York. 
 If we can establish... 
 New York? 
 After Washington has burned it to the ground upon our retreat? 
 Benjamin... we have no friends in New York. 
 ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden... ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale... ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale... ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
 (Birds chirping) 
 It's bad. 
 (Grunts) 
 (Soldiers chatting) 
 (Horse whinnies) 
 (Clicks tongue) Come on. 
 (Clicks tongue) Come on, hup. 
 (Bleating) 
 (Men cheering, laughing) 
 (Coins jingle) 
 Mr. Strong! Four ales, please! 
 Good evening, Selah. 
 Thought you didn't like my tavern. 
 What's this? 
 I said I would repay my debt. 
 We're not even halfway through the season. 
 This is only half of what I owe. 
 The harvest isn't coming in as I hoped. 
 Loopers or maggots? 
 I just need more time, Selah, and then next season, I swear... 
 Next season? Of course, why not? 
 Perhaps by then you just pay me back with my own cauliflower. 
 Abraham. 
 To what do we owe the pleasure? 
 Abe and I were just discussing maggots. 
 Maggots? 
 Mrs. Strong, here, here! 
 I hear they've been dethroned as Setauket's reigning pests. 
 Ahem. 
 Your rooms are ready, gentlemen. 
 Well, I should be off, so... 
 No, now, wait. 
 We hardly see you anymore. 
 How is Mary and Thomas? 
 They're both well. 
 I really should... 
 You should come for dinner at our house. The three of you. 
 Selah : Anna. 
 I fear that wouldn't feel right. 
 I owe your husband a debt. 
 I would be shamed for you to cook for us while I'm in arrears. 
 I didn't know about this. 
 Bloody news! Bloody news! 
 "Where are the rebels now?" 
 To the brave Patriot commander on the eve of his retreat... 
 "Pardon, his charge into northern New Jersey." 
 (Soldiers laughing) 
 "Pulled back from the line, a most propitious sign, for Mrs. Washington, that sow." 
 (Laughing) 
 "Alas, before his return, dear Georgie must discern in what place he should sheathe his saber." 
 (Laughing continues) 
 Soldier : "But surely..." 
 Go upstairs. 
 Selah, don't. 
 "...the joke of it all is that his scabbard calls for any puff's sword he can stow." 
 (Laughing, pounding) 
 Get out, Robeson. 
 I'm sorry, did I offend your sensitive liberal puff cake? 
 You offended my wife. Now, leave. 
 Man : Come off it, man. 
 We're celebrating your king's victory in New York. 
 Robeson : Though we understand how that might upset a certain delegate to the Provincial Congress. 
 Drunk. 
 Whig. 
 You stupid... 
 Anna, don't, don't, don't. 
 (Glass shatters) 
 (Groans) 
 Soldier : Did he just hit Captain Joyce? 
 (Glasses shatter) 
 (Groans) 
 Let me help you. Let me get that for you. 
 Out of my way. 
 Here, it's fine. 
 Take your coat off. There you are, just... 
 (Fabric rips) 
 Ah! 
 Release the captain, please. 
 Of course. 
 (Groans) 
 (Coughs) 
 (Glass shattering) 
 (Sawing) 
 Leave room for two nooses. 
 Joyce : Court-martialed? 
 Major, please. Show mercy. 
 Law, order, authority. 
 We are the beacon of authority in these colonies, Captain, and we bear the burden of that authority. 
 Major... 
 "Because authority, though it err like others," hath yet a kind of medicine in itself "that skins the vice o' the top." 
 Do you understand? 
 Is the major in? 
 Wait here. 
 Sir, this colonist has struck an officer of His Majesty's Royal Army. 
 Now, once I testify... 
 You will not be court-martialed here. 
 Oh. 
 You will return to England, where you'll be cashiered directly upon arrival. 
 Dismissed. 
 I knew that you would come. 
 I wish to offer my services, for whatever they may be worth. 
 Mm, this is not a matter for the provincial court. 
 One of my men was assaulted. 
 This must be redressed. 
 Without question. 
 But by the looks of Captain Joyce just now, I can tell there's more to this story, and I thought I would shed light on a few facts in the service of clarity. 
 It involves some social history of Setauket. 
 Provincial ephemera and the passions of young people. 
 Probably worthless. 
 (Blows) What history? 
 Anna Strong, the wife of Selah Strong, was engaged three years ago to Abraham Woodhull. 
 You mean Abraham, your son. 
 Yes, they were childhood friends, you see, and our families shared friendship until her father's patriot politics drove us to disagreement. 
 Anna, unfortunately, took her father's views to heart and so broke the heart of my son, who was raised to love the law above all else. 
 "Love will not be spurred to what it loathes." 
 So, why, then, did he rush to the aid of her husband, a suspected patriot? 
 Abraham has a dreamer's heart, a romantic heart, his mother's heart, if truth be told. 
 And he keeps room there for Anna in spite of her betrayal. 
 Mm. 
 "Alas, that love, so gentle in his view..." 
 Both : "...should be so tyrannous and rough in proof." 
 (Panting) 
 Evening, Woodhull. 
 What are you doing? 
 (Slices rope) 
 Where are you taking Selah? 
 It's past curfew. Run home to your father. 
 (Thunder crashing) 
 (Door opens) 
 (Panting) 
 (Door closes) 
 Let me see you. 
 I'm fine. 
 Just a few bumps, that's all. 
 (Winces) Ah, ah. 
 How did this happen? Why would you even go to that place? 
 Mary, Mary. 
 I'm fine. I'm home. 
 I went down the tavern for a drink, is all. 
 Lord knows I could do with another one. (Winces) 
 Eat something first. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 (Groans) 
 Is that one of mine? 
 They were your brother's before they were yours. 
 I thought you wouldn't mind if I brought one for my little soldier here. 
 I don't know what Major Hewlett told you or what was said to him, but the fault with this lies with... 
 Selah Strong. 
 With John Robeson. 
 He was the one who started the fight. 
 And Captain Joyce, who was well into his cup, slipped and cut his hand on one. That is all. 
 I doubt that's how he'll testify, so be glad that testimony won't name you. 
 Abraham... why did you take money from that man? 
 I warned you about Selah Strong. 
 He's choleric by nature. 
 (Thomas crying) 
 You should've come to me if you needed specie or credit. 
 I have contacts on New York Island who'd buy my hogs at twice the market value. 
 All I need is someone to run them into the city. 
 Sprout, let me give you a little piece of advice that my father here gave to me once. 
 "Neither a lender nor a borrower be." 
 You wouldn't have borrowed. You would have worked. 
 (Thomas crying) 
 Good boy. Shh. 
 Good boy. 
 Good night. 
 (Sighs) 
 (Winces) Let's have it. 
 I'll speak plain now. 
 You have responsibilities to more than this farm, to more than yourself. 
 But, Father, I... 
 Legacy is everything. 
 If you wish to preserve ours, then stay away from those who've already chosen to sully theirs. 
 The Smiths, the Strongs, the Tallmadges... they chose the wrong side. 
 I wasn't taking sides. 
 I was just trying to do right. 
 Try harder. 
 And think on my offer. 
 Good night. 
 (Door opens, closes) 
 (Rain pattering) 
 (Shivering) 
 Who's that? Who's there? 
 It's me, it's me. 
 What are you doing? There's a sentry. 
 He's staying dry for now. 
 We don't have much time, all right, so please listen well. 
 They are planning to charge you with insurrection. 
 I struck a redcoat, that's all that matters. 
 No, no, not if you plead guilty to the first charge. 
 Look, everyone knows that Joyce is a drunkard. 
 They don't want to hang anyone in Setauket, not in secure territory. 
 They're gonna send you instead to the Jersey. 
 Prison ship? 
 Where you have friends. 
 You know others who have gone and others who have gotten out. 
 If you bribe someone... 
 Is that why you came here? 
 To tell me this? 
 No, I came here to warn you. 
 And to have me forgive your debt, no doubt. 
 No, I said I'd repay my debt in full. 
 I promised you that. 
 I'll make you a new deal. 
 What? 
 Take care of her for me. 
 She'll be all alone to run our house and the tavern. 
 You take care of Anna while I'm gone and I will forgive you your debt. 
 I don't need your forgiveness. 
 You are her husband, Selah. 
 And I'm going to repay my debt. 
 (Shivering) 
 ("Turpin Hero" playing) 
 ♪ On Hounslow Heath as I rode on ♪ 
♪ I spied a lawyer riding before... ♪ 
♪ "Kind sir, aren't you afraid ♪ 
♪ Of Turpin, that mischievous blade?" ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare Turpin hero ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare Turpin, oh ♪ 
♪ Said Turpin, "He'll ne'er find me here ♪ 
♪ I hid my money in my boot" ♪ 
♪ The lawyer says, "No one can find ♪ 
♪ I hid my gold in my cape behind" ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare Turpin hero ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare Turpin, oh ♪ 
♪ As they were riding past the mill ♪ 
♪ Turpin commands him to stand still ♪ 
♪ Said, "Your cloak, I must get on ♪" 
 ♪ My mare, she needs a saddle cloth ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare, Turpin hero ♪ 
♪ Oh, rare Turpin, oh ♪ Major Rogers. There's a package waiting for you in the storehouse. (Crunches) (Apple thuds) This is all very secret. This is war. You never know who's listening. Some intelligence for you, John. England controls the harbor, a bunch of blokes in red out there, big navy behind 'em. Thank you. This is why you're worth every penny, no matter what General Clinton says. Oh, what's that? A test. Not for me. For my source within the rebel camp. It's the location of a secret store in Connecticut, a safe house. We want you to give it the treatment you gave the Continental Dragoons. Scraps. Feed it to your Regulars. If the intelligence continues to prove true, I can trust his word on targets with higher value... (Tinkling) ...like Washington. Who is this mythical source of yours, John? Someone I know? You won't do it? For double, we will. (Chuckling) Recompense for the last test. Recompense? You lost one man. And a coat. And a bonnet. (Grunts) (Frogs croaking) (Click) Hello? (Gasps) Don't bloody move. Wait, wait. I only came here to trade. I've got cabbage. Fresh cabbage, four bushel. Four bushel? You got nothing I want, Woody. Woody? Yeah. Caleb! (Laughs) Let me look at that boy. Look at that face. Caleb Brewster. (Laughs) Right, I was hoping to see someone I knew come across. But this privateer here, this pirate of produce... Come here! (Grunts) ...this Viking of vegetables! (Laughing) Vintage Brewster. What's Greenland like? Greenland? Yeah. It ain't green. Oh. Aye. Well, it's right up your alley, though, isn't it, Caleb? Aye. Harpoons and darkness and vomiting seamen in boats and all that stuff. And more lucre than you've ever seen, farm boy. Outside this black market, of course. Where else am I gonna trade this finest cask of Madeira for a head of Setauket cabbage? All because of those poor souls in the Bowery can't get no healthy greens. And those across the Hudson can't get no decent box of tea. I never said I was trading for tea. I do have silk, though, from Cathay. Pounds, Caleb. My haul there, it's worth 20. (Laughs) I'll pay you double that in Continental dollars. (Scoffs) No, you're fine. I've already wiped my arse today. Thanks, Caleb. Now I gotta be heading back. Yeah? Yeah. You're in such a hurry to leave your old friend, huh? Who knows when we'll see each other again? You know I can't show my face back home. You know, I hear that they tore out the pulpit from Reverend Tallmadge's church. Ripped out the pews, made it into barracks. Is that true? How many are stationed there? Look, I just keep my eye on my crop, mostly. When you're not smuggling it. No, this was a onetime deal. Onetime? You won't see my face again until the war is over. 15. 12. (Inhales sharply) (Sighs) All right, 12 and that silk. (Muffled) Mrs. Strong. Mrs. Strong. You all right? I'm sorry, Lieutenant. I didn't hear you. Captain. I purchased Captain Joyce's commission in the wake of his death. Death? His body was found this morning in a field with his throat slit. You haven't heard? No, I... I've been at home. Have you seen Abraham Woodhull? What? No. Why are you asking me this? An officer in His Majesty's Army is dead following an altercation with your husband and with Mr. Woodhull. Now, your husband has been shipped off to prison and Mr. Woodhull is nowhere to be found. (Breathing heavily) I meant no... Wait. Accept my apology. I know how you must feel... with your husband gone, in your house alone. I can only imagine your distress. You need someone to protect you. Captain, I beg you, if you are a gentleman, let me attend to my house in peace. Thank you. I shall have my laundry ready by week's end. This is my house, too. I'm to be quartered here by order of Major Hewlett. I've already chosen which room. (Insects chirping) (Snoring) (Gunshot) (Gasps) I'm not armed. Not armed. Identify yourself. Abraham Woodhull, from Setauket. Nice night for a sail, Woodhull? I thought so, yeah. What's under the tarp? Could I maybe interest you gentlemen in a nice bolt of silk? You're under arrest by order of the Continental Congress. Charge is illegal trade. Wait! Wait! (Muffled yelling) You're not just a smuggler, are you? (Coughing, gasping) (Muffled yelling) (Water dripping) (Abe coughing) Enough! That's enough. (Gasping) I know him. He's not a spy. (Abe coughing) 
 
 Your name came through on a dispatch, Mr. Woodhull. Ben? Tallmadge, is that you? I set out from camp immediately. It is you. It is you, thank God. Thank God. Ben, can you get me out of here? Of course you can. Look at you. All right, just slow down. Look at you. Ben, you know me. I'm no smuggler. This is the first time... I know that, I know. I told them that you were a man of integrity and that you'd make every effort to cooperate. Thank you. Cooperate? They need to know who your contact was, to make sure you weren't giving aid to the enemy. Ben, who is the enemy? I told them that you would never do something like that. You know both sides close an eye to this trade. Trust me, the enemy did not benefit here. I do, I do trust you, Abe, and I can get you out, but you have to tell me who your contact was at Frog's Point. What's your true purpose here? You didn't ride all this way just to get me out of trouble. This is a pardon for your release signed by Governor Trumbull... whom I convinced you were a friend. Yeah... if I tell you who I traded with. Look, this shouldn't be a negotiation. Well, good, because I'm not giving the name of someone who's just trying to get by and who doesn't deserve to be thrown in this hell by the same Congress that declares for our freedom. I won't do it. Why are you really here? As I said, I have a permit signed by the governor for you to return home. He signed it after receiving word from General Washington himself. What in the... (Chatting) Look, we're of a mind that if you can smuggle cabbage, you can smuggle something more valuable... information. You've come to enlist me? To recruit you. (Chuckles) Abe, Congress does a lot more than just declare for your freedom. They fight for it. I fight for it. Men die for it. Well, I don't ask anyone to fight for me. I'm asking you. Come on, we grew up together, Abe, and I remember who you are, even if you've forgotten. All I ask is that you fight for what you believe in. I don't know what information I could possibly... Military... number of men, number of cannons, naval transports, whether they're moving, if so, where, what arrivals... Ben, do you realize what you're asking me? You won't have to risk crossing the Belt again. Instead, you'll signal for a courier. I have a system all worked out. Well, have you worked out how to explain my absence? I was supposed to be back yesterday. Use the truth. You were on the black market. Both sides close an eye to that trade. Well, I shall need proof of that. The silk... and the 12 pounds. (Scoffs) (Coins jingle) So, that's it? You're free. (Water sloshing) All right. (Breathing heavily) (Shouts) (Groans) Robeson, over here! Robeson, I need help! (Groans) (Panting) There! Soldier : Stand still! Wait, no. No, no, wait, wait. Wait, no, no. Wait, you've got the wrong... (Groans) I've been mugged. And now you'll be hanged. We found him wandering. Looks like he's been in a fight. Abraham, where have you been? I've been looking all over for you. We'll ask the questions, Judge. I will ask the questions. Captain Joyce was found murdered this Tuesday morning, and you have been missing since... since... Since Monday evening when he was released. (Panting) Captain Joyce is dead? Where were you? I was with the enemy, sir. I set out early Tuesday with a cargo of cabbage from my field. My aim was to barter it on the London Trade. And I did so for 12 pound sterling and a bundle of silk. On my return home that night, I was overtaken by a brig sloop just off the coast. The crew claimed that I'd defied the authority of Congress and their justice was to rob me and beat me and throw me overboard, sir. It seems like they also robbed you of any proof of your tragic tale. I concealed it before they boarded my scow. The money they took. Damn bloody fool! Given to greed and deserved what you got. Sir, marked dispatch just arrived for you. Did you note the identity of the assailants? I know some of them, sir, but it was very dark... Smuggling is a crime, and you will answer for it, but more pressing are the activities of these privateers. Major... (Whispers) Yes, return to your home, see to your family, and then report to your father's at 7:00, and there we'll discuss names and other details. Captain, escort Mr. Woodhull from the fort unmolested. Yes, sir. Just because you confessed to smuggling doesn't give you an alibi for Joyce. I've never killed anyone. I have. Plenty just like you. You may have fooled the major, but not me. Travel safe! (Gasps) What are you doing here? Giving you this. It's what I owe Selah. You can use it to buy his parole. What happened? I have to go. Wait, wait, I can't take this. Why not? I can't take this. Why? He'll find it. Who? Simcoe. The Welshman. The one who put a pistol to your head. Yeah. I know of him. He's being billeted here and... What's he done to you? Has he touched you? He... I hear him outside my door at night. And he's been in my room when I haven't, I'm certain of it. And if he finds I'm hiding silver you took off a dead soldier... Wait, what? You think I killed Captain Joyce? You believe that? You know me. I didn't kill anyone. What soldier do you know of that carries 12 pounds sterling on his person? Tell me that. None. And no farmer, either. Where did you get it? (Door creaks) Come here, come here. Look, I had to trade some goods. Caleb Brewster is running a shop out of his whale boat on Devil's Belt. I had to trade with him. Caleb? You saw him? How is he? He's the same as ever. He's unshaven, he's insane. (Chuckles) I saw Ben Tallmadge, too. What? You saw him? They were together? No, no. Ben is a... he's a Connecticut Dragoon now. He's got a shiny helmet and all. He tried to recruit me for a secret mission. Against the British? Don't worry, I won't do it. Why not? What are you waiting for? What more do they need to take from us? (Jingles) Anna. Anna? (Coins jingle) Whatever you're doing, don't. We can't afford to lose you. We? I can't. Hewlett : Excellent, as always. Credit goes to Aberdeen. I merely raise the pork. She performs the alchemy. You've hardly touched yours. It's hard to eat on a guilty stomach, I suppose. My apologies. Abraham, what I could not say earlier from my pulpit, as it were, is that I view your crime as a mere symptom of a more serious disease that is afflicting these colonies... Anarchy. You mean self-rule. I mean chaos masquerading as freedom. An excuse for criminal activity and every man for himself. Well said. If these upstarts were truly concerned with your liberty, they wouldn't encourage smuggling on the one hand and then roll you on the other. So, we all must pay a tax. The question is just who will collect? "Oh, God, that one might read the book of fate" and see the revolution of the times make mountains level. "And the continent, weary of solid firmness..." Both : "...melt itself into the sea." Ah, your father is the only man that I can find here with an affection for the humanities. Did you pass your trivium onto your son? No, man is above the law. That is what you taught me, and I will gladly accept whatever punishment you deem fit for my forgetting it. I doubt you can afford to pay the fine. (Sighs) It pains me to recommend imprisonment, but we must have no favorites. Ahem, there may be a temporary salve. His Majesty has decreed that any of his errant subjects may be forgiven their transgressions if they pledge an oath... An oath of loyalty, yes. Yes. That is ideal. It's a public oath and... (Snaps) Paper. When it becomes clear that your cooperation assisted in the capture of the enemy, then any doubt will be put to rest. Sir? The names of the men who attacked you, remember? Yes, ahem. The, um... They were boys from Hempstead. Presbyterians. Mm. Their names were Daniel Taylor, William Washburn, Matthew Mitchell. And then there was another one called Simon. Didn't catch his family name, but he was a fat one. He was mean, with his head shaved to the scalp. Hewlett : Excellent. I shall pass this on to Captain Simcoe with instructions that if he should encounter any of these men on his raid, he will give them no quarter. Raid? The dispatch that I received today was from York City. It's intelligence regarding a rebel safe house across the Sound where they're launching their strikes from. We'll cross at night, just like your attackers. (Muted) Silent approach, bayonets fixed. Give them their own medicine. Richard : Are you all right, son? Not feeling true? Oh, you must be exhausted. Why don't you off to bed? Yes. Please excuse me. (Door opens) (Figurines clatter) (Faint chatter) Andre's voice : "You will have heard, dear sir," I doubt not long before this can have reached you that the rebels have been routed from Harlem and the whole house of York Island has been made safe from further harassment." Harlem? This is ancient news. (Bell rings) Hewlett : Aberdeen. Andre's voice : "I harbor no doubt that we will seize high command" before winter sets in." "Rebels' safe house. Connecticut, Meigs Harbor. Show no quarter." (Soldiers cheering, chattering) ♪ I don't want to go to war ♪ 
♪ I'd rather stay at home ♪ 
♪ Around the streets to roam ♪ 
♪ And live on the earnings of a highborn whore... ♪ (Faint singing continues) (Muffled yell) You only have a few moments, so I must be quick and clear and you must hear every word. I think I might've found a way to rid ourselves of Captain Simcoe. Simcoe? Yes. He's upstairs. Are you insane? But no one will know we're involved. Ben Tallmadge has devised a way so we can signal him in secret. Ben? He's coming here? No, he'll send a courier. We'll meet in one of the coves along the bay and you will signal him which one. I will? Yes, your home backs onto the water. When you hang a black petticoat from your peg line, they'll know when I'm ready to meet. Black petticoat. Look, it's not my plan. It's some idea of Ben's with... with General Washington, but it's how we get Simcoe. (Footsteps descending stairs) Need any help down here? Uh, yes, thank you. A bit heavy for me. Barrel. "Over a barrel." (Simcoe chuckles) You know what saying I fancy? "Over a barrel." Do you like that one? Your men are thirsty. They can wait. They do what I tell them to do... because they know what's good for them. I expect. You're captain now. I took note of the epaulette on your coat. I'll take special care not to damage it when I finish your laundry. I'll hang it myself, just as you requested. It'll be waiting for you Saturday morning. I'll be gone Saturday. Back Monday. Monday, then. Now, my husband and I used to lift these together. Shall we? No need. (Knife clatters) What she doin'? (Blade rings) Quicker this time, huh? Oh, Jesus, Caleb. What are you doing here? How's about you lower the butter knife first? What of Ben? Huh? Ben Tallmadge, did he catch you? Did he find you? He didn't find me. We found you. What? We found you. You? Yeah. You're the courier? That's right, now he gets it. But we... back at Frog's Point... Yeah, that was the first interview. The second was with Ben. You passed muster when you refused to give up my name. Just want you to know I was very touched by that. You set me up? You b*st*rd! Get off! Get off! I'm Second Company, Fourth Battalion, New York Regiment, all right? I'm assigned to Captain Tallmadge for special detail. Anything you give me goes straight to Ben. Who else knows my name? No one. Speak true! Who else knows my name? No one. Get off. Or hers! Now, she put a petticoat on that line for a reason. What? I think you know something, Abe. I think you wanna tell me. Huh? Come here. You get a taste for boiling these lobsters and you'll want more. Yeah? And once I pass this up the ladder, they'll want more. Washington's been trying to get a man inside the city since Howe took it over. Well, he'll have to find someone else, then, won't he? This was a onetime deal for me. Just like the last one? Are you gonna tell me what you know or not? I, Abraham Woodhull, do sincerely... Louder. (Loudly) I, Abraham Woodhull... do sincerely and faithfully promise and swear that I will bear true allegiance to His Majesty, King George III. And that, with heart and hands, life and goods... will maintain and defend His Majesty's government... Get ready. Present. ...and the laws of the province of New York... Simcoe : Fire! ...against all traitorous conspiracies... Simcoe : Regulars, present... ...and attempts... Fire! Abe : ...shall be made against his person... (Shouting) Abe : ...crown or dignity. (Gunshots) (Screaming) And I will do my utmost endeavor... (Grunts) Abe : ...and make known to His Majesty and his successors... (Gunfire continues) Come on! (Shouting) ...all treasons and traitorous conspiracies which I shall know to be against, or any of them. (Gasping) (Groans) (Groaning) Captain Simcoe? Where'd you come from? A little place you may have heard of called Setauket. God save the King! All : God save the King. (Scattered applause) Tie him down. What's that for? I'm sending my best wishes to Robert Rogers. I was half hoping he'd show up today. Oi, well done. Yeah, you, too. This doesn't feel right, Ben. Yeah, I know. General Scott asked me if I thought there was a breach within our ranks. I have no better way to explain how the redcoats even learned about... No, Ben, I mean that Woody came through for us, and his sole request, we choose not to honor. We will. After we pull the truth out of him. He might know which friend is truly our enemy. All right, men, let's move out! We should collect a five-pound of flour while we're here. All right, all right. I thought that you presented yourself well. Thank you, thank you. I thought this little fella did awfully well as well. Not so much as a peep. Ha, that's my boy. That's my boy. Come here, come here. Come here to Daddy. There you go. There you go. You all right? Huh? You like to listen to your father, Sprout? Huh? You like to listen to your father? A lost art. That was impressive. Well, I was very happy to do it. Were you? There are no boys in Hempstead with those names. Come again? I know you lied. Don't try and deny it. You lied to Major Hewlett in my house, in front of me. Did you kill Captain Joyce? Is that what you believe? I don't know what you're hiding, but I do know that you will tell me because you will have no choice. Hewlett : Richard! I'm done protecting you. (Thomas coos) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 