Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - Hearts and Minds - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - Hearts and Minds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=27249 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/17/16 16:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - Hearts and Minds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Turn: Washington's Spies." 
 It's from my husband. He's arranged to purchase a divorce. We're going to be married. In England. So, you don't have to kill him. He'll be gone. Culpers has referred the charges against me back to a court-martial. They want to make an enemy of me, and I will make them mine. I have a way to reach out. When is Miss Shippen to be married? Could be weeks, could be months. (grunting) You're on your way to meet Major Andre. Seein' that you fouled my mission. (grunting, horse whinnying) (gunshot firing) (thunder rumbling) (branch snaps) ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ (panting) (groans) (groaning) (groaning) (panting) I am the resurrection and the life. Whoever believes in me, even though he should die, shall come to life. And whoever is alive and believes in me shall never die. Thank you. (sobbing) "My dear Major André, I hope this letter finds you well. This last night, we had the occasion to celebrate Becky Redman's birthday. We drank to your health and to our dear Becky Franks with whom we hope you will share this letter." How will he know how to parse through all this nonsense? Because I name you a man of exceptional character. Name me? In the letter? How else will he know with whom he's dealing? I don't know. Some... some manner of code. Something which doesn't expose me. This is the code, darling. The words exceptional and character will signal to André that this is more than nonsense, as you say. How much of this have you discussed with him beforehand? Just this. He said after the initial overture, instructions would follow. Read it. "As for Philadelphia, we are quite well. The Continental officers here acquit themselves with great honor. One among them is a man of exceptional character. His name is General Benedict Arnold. And as I think you may have heard from Becky,  he and I are engaged to be married. What you may not have heard is that my older sister Betsy is now also engaged and will be married this November, which has allowed General Arnold and I to set a date for our own wedding. We will be married the first of March. Your fond correspondent, Peggy Shippen." March. Sir, Philadelphia? Yes, a date has been set for her wedding. March. I can't write her directly about my feelings, so... I need you to convey my words personally. Please. Tell her that she never leaves my thoughts and that I cling to the hope that someday soon we shall be reunited. She'll understand my meaning. If that's what you want me to do, sir. (door opens, closes) (birds chirping) Yes? Edmund, it's me. Madame. (chuckles) Edmund. Oh, to hell with propriety. I'm too happy. And I know that you would be married in a church rather than here at Whitehall, but I thought to avoid speculation because of the gossip. No, no, you're right. This is about us, not them. Yes, yes, I know. I just... Edmund, after the wedding, I was wondering if we could go to New York. To New York? Why? Just thought it might be nice to be away from here, from them, for even a little while. Perhaps we can go to York City at some point, but for now we must see how our other plan has fared. (door opens) Mama! And perhaps news of that has just arrived. There you are. Let me look at you. (sighs) Been helping build the house, huh? Mama missed you. You missed Mama? I've missed you. Yeah, he missed Mama. Abraham. Come on, I'll get you something to eat. Are you hungry? Well? Any word? No, no. I had hoped that you'd come bearing glad tidings. Still, I suppose it's fortunate that we had this chance to talk. There's another matter which we need to discuss. If you mean your wedding, I've heard the news. But since it seems we'll both soon be gone, I don't see what's left to discuss. We are not going to Scotland. You're not? Now that Anna has obtained a divorce, we're going to stay right here. However, the only condition Selah Strong gives is that she admits to adultery with you. Wait! Selah requested this? He did. And as a gentleman, I thought it only fitting that you should hear it before it becomes public. Oh, well, thank you very much for your concern. I wouldn't try that. Unless you want to go back to bleeding to death. I already took out the bullet, sewed you up as best I could. Thank you. Where is your husband? Out selling our crop. You want to thank me, tell me who you are and how that bullet got in you in the first place. As you may have heard, there's a war on. Got skinners and cowboys as well as soldiers on both sides, so which are you? I... My name is Benjamin. Benjamin Brewster. And I'm not on any side. Then how'd you end up here bleeding in the night? Where is here? You don't know where you are? I got hit on the head pretty hard. Well, you remember that and you remember your name, so maybe you can remember the rest with some encouraging. I... I'm a traveling minister. I... I go wherever the Lord calls me to do His work. (gunshot) I... I met trouble on the road in New Jersey. No need to move. I met Brigands. You're fine there. Though which side they're on, I can't say. The last thing I remember is a shot. (gunshot) And then my horse bolting. I've no idea how far he carried me before I fell off or how far I walked before I saw your light. I reckon the Lord was guiding me to another savior. I owe you my life. This fell out of your pocket. I'd imagine you'd like it back, Reverend. You're in Franklin Township. New Jersey? My name's Sarah. Sarah Livingston. I'm very pleased to meet you, Sarah. Our quarry's name is Benjamin Tallmadge. He's wounded and he's alone. Now, I hear you boys are good at hunting. If you two can help me recapture him, I can guarantee there'll be some coin in it for you. Yeah, for king and country. Yeah, sounds good to me. With the rain, he would have sought shelter. Way it is around here, he can't risk knocking on many doors not knowing if it's friend or foe behind them. Then I suppose we'll knock on every door ourselves till we find him. (knock on door) Who is it? Your grandson. To what do I owe this pleasure? He asked to see you. And you indulged him. How kind. Go on, one hug. Then we've got to go, all right? So you thought you'd stop by and torture your father, huh? Twist the knife? As far as I'm concerned, I don't have a father. Then why are you here? To discuss a matter that might interest the magistrate. (birds chirping) (fire crackling) Mm, that smells good. Thought it would be a shame if you survived your wounds only to die of starvation. (groans) Whose clothes are these? Your old ones are sodden with blood. You sure your husband won't mind? Not at all. Here. Here, let me help you. All right. Here, drink. Bless, O Lord, this food to our use and us to thy service and keep us ever mindful of the needs of others. In Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Do you mind my asking you a question? Go ahead. Well, when you, um... when you changed my clothes, I... I'm guessing that you had to... I raised two brothers not to mention a husband. You raised your husband? All men need some raising. Else they'll stay boys forever. (utensils clatter) Sarah, what's wrong? Nothing. Nothing. It's just... I haven't been telling you the truth. My husband, the night I found you was the same night he died a year ago. That's why I laid out the second plate. I... I wanted to feel his presence. Do you mind my ask... Shot by thieves. Just like you were. He lived a few hours, but... but a doctor was too far away. He died in my arms. So when you found me on that night of all nights, I thought... Well, I thought that maybe you were guided here for a reason. That if I could save you, then it would... (distant dog barking) And who is this? Major John André at your service, ladies. What service are you offering, Major? Why, a dance, of course. Don't presume you know what it is to be me. I thought we were going to be together. I need you to remain here to befriend Arnold and make an introduction to me. (chatter) Good evening, gentlemen. Is this seat taken? I saw the playbill for your new production. I'm pleased your theatrical career has blossomed. I've missed you, John. When I heard you'd be returning to New York, I couldn't wait to see you. But it seems a different man has returned in your place. Did something happen in Philadelphia? Oh, just a war. And an unfortunate exodus. Not something, someone. (exhales) Imagine that. A woman stealing Major John André's well-guarded heart. There is a cure for that sort of melancholy, you know. Excuse me. Something stronger, I think. Feel free to join me. I think I will stick to my coffee. I wish I had your forbearance. I have a weakness or two. I hope none of them are women. 
 
 (knocks on door) Ah, look who's here. Have you come for a cup of sugar or do you need me to give away the bride? May I come in? Just don't wake him. Had a hard enough day as it is. I was planning on telling you. When? After the wedding? I couldn't get away. Even now I'm supposed to be asking if you've heard word on the ambush. And instead of that, you're doing what? Making a final appeal. For Hewlett? You've already done that twice. I can control him, Abe, as his wife. Steer him away from you. You can steer him? Like a horse? No, you know what I mean. He loves me. And his experience with women is limited. Well, your charms are considerable, I'll grant you that. But I doubt it can turn his coat from red to blue no matter how hard you work at it. There's no need to be so coarse. And I'm not just doing this for him. No? If you murder that man, you'll be killing a part of yourself as well. Please, this isn't about my soul. And it's not about the ring, either, so don't hide behind that. All right, then what is it about? It's jealousy. (scoffs) Pure and simple. You just can't stand the thought of me marrying him. No, no, I can't stand the thought of you marrying someone that you don't love because you think it's the right thing to do. Like you did? Look, now I am doing this for you. Anna, I can't watch you sacrifice your future just to save the enemy. He's not the enemy. He may be on the other side, but he was born to that. It doesn't matter 'cause you're not marrying him! It's not your decision to make. But I have. But you... what are you talking about? I shared my suspicions with my father that your divorce will not stand up to scrutiny. Now, he's a cowardly sh1t, but he's a good judge. He can spot a forgery from a mile away. Call off the wedding now before you're accused of a crime. You've already done this? It's for your own good. And, yes, it's for the good of the ring. No, it's to deny me even a chance at happiness. Admit it. If you have a shred of honesty left in you, admit it. (sighs) (Ben whimpers) (whimpering) (thunder rumbling) (Philomena sighs) As I said before, John. I have missed you. (chuckles) Melancholy already? I hate to think my cure no longer works. What is it? I was wondering, if it doesn't interfere with your stage work, if you wouldn't do something for me. Will this involve screwing another rebel general? No. Can you style your hair like this? Exactly like this? Not for some general. For me. A high roll. Looks expensive. Don't you worry. I'll pay. (door closes) He wishes to see you immediately. Troop deployments and movements. Locations of gunpowder. Location of Washington's camp. These are requests for intelligence. I'm offering to lead the royal forces to victory and he treats me like a common spy. He must know of your reputation on the battlefield. Surely he wouldn't seek to insult you. Monk. Beg your pardon? The code name that he's chosen for me. The insult couldn't be plainer. Monk? How is that an insult? George Monk was a general under Cromwell who turned against Parliament in order to restore the monarchy. I'm not betraying Congress. I'm offering to lead an army against theirs in open battle. Benedict. How did you know exactly where to find his reply? Concealed in the binding. I went over the book twice before you arrived, but you were able to find it right away. He told me. André did before he left. At the time, it seemed a silly business, but now I'm glad he insisted on explaining it. Really? Why? Because his methods will be protecting the man I love. You're a brave man, Benedict. Why don't you admit what's really bothering you? You are worried about betraying your country. I only told you about André because it seemed clear that your country has betrayed you. It's not that simple. It seems so to me. Why do you owe them your loyalty? It's what I owe myself. My honor is the one thing that I've carried through this war intact and I intend to preserve it. Then tell that to André. Tell him who you are. And what you wish to be called. Gustavus. Gustavus Vasa, the general who led Sweden to independence from Denmark and at great personal risk to himself. And I have some demands of my own including proper compensation. I'm not some bloody volunteer. Of course not. Still, rather than simply countering their demands with your own, perhaps it might be wiser to sweeten the pie. Sweeten the pie? If only as a token of your good faith. Look, I suppose I could tell him about this currency business. What currency business? Washington told me that the Continental dollar has become so devalued that he... He worries about being able to pay for another campaign. Perfect. (birds chirping) It's freezing in here. I'll tend to the hearth. Are you well enough to travel? Yes, I suppose so. Then I'll make some breakfast. You can be on your way. Sarah... Sarah, what's wrong? Sarah, listen. What... what happened last night... Last night happened because I was lonely. Because a year ago my husband died and I wanted a man in my bed. No, this was not just you. Sarah, I wanted it as well. What about your mission? Your vow to keep the Lord's path? What if... What if I told you that wasn't my mission? What are you saying? I'm not a minister. My father was. You lied to me. Why? I just... I wasn't sure that I could trust you. Just as you weren't sure that you could trust me. Who are you? Sarah. Who are you? My... My name is Benjamin, all right? Benjamin Tallmadge. And I'm an officer in the Continental Army. You're a rebel. Aye. I was out on a scouting mission when I was captured. I escaped, but the man that I escaped from is no doubt hunting me right now, maybe with others. And you come to my house? Listen to me. I won't let anything happen to you. I want you to come with me. I can protect you. I don't need your protection! I need protection from you. And from men like you. Damn rebels, haven't you taken enough? You're a Tory. And you're a traitor. A traitor? (scoffs) A traitor to whom? I am loyal to my country. To our country. To America. Your country killed my husband. Your husband? No. No, you said thieves killed him. Thieves, soldiers, Continental militia, they're all the same. They came here last winter demanding he sell our crops at a loss. He refused, so they shot him. No, those weren't Patriots, Sarah. Those were brigands. They were acting under orders. Orders? Whose orders? General Washington's. That's impossible. Last winter... You what? Last winter we were in a forage war with the British. The men were starving and Washington issued orders... to obtain supplies... at all costs. No, Sarah. Sarah. So what will you do with me? What you already did, only now at the point of a gun? Sarah... (hoofbeats, horse neighing) Seems the Lord's judgment has caught up with you, Reverend. (hammer clicks) Where's your spare powder? Barn. (knocking) Guess you'll have to make do. Who is it? Lieutenant Gamble, ma'am. Of the Royal Army. May we come in, ma'am? You're not in uniform, Lieutenant. I'm searching for a rebel spy. A man like that, you don't want him to see you coming. He's already killed a loyal minister in cold blood. (door closes) A minister? Have you seen or heard of any strangers hereabouts? Possibly one with a gunshot injury. I'm afraid not, Lieutenant. Though if you find this man, I hope you make him suffer for his crimes and for the rebel filth that killed my husband. She's telling the truth, sir. They killed her husband, William, all right. Stole his crop. A year ago, weren't it, Sarah? My condolences. I'd keep your door latched and a musket handy if you've got one. Thank you, Lieutenant. (horses whinny, hoofbeats departing) I never want to see your face again. (door opens, closes) ("She's Like the Swallow" playing) ♪ She's like the swallow ♪ 
♪ That flies so high ♪ 
♪ She's like the river ♪ 
♪ That never runs dry ♪ 
♪ She's like the sunshine ♪ 
♪ On the lee shore ♪ 
♪ She loves her love ♪ 
♪ But she'll love no more ♪ 
♪ 'Twas down in the meadow ♪ 
♪ This fair maid bent ♪ 
♪ A-picking the primrose ♪ 
♪ Just as she went ♪ 
♪ The more she picked ♪ 
♪ And the more she pulled ♪ 
♪ Until she gathered ♪ 
♪ Her apron full... ♪ .. in holy matrimony. (continues indistinctly) (music continues) (minister's voice echoes) If any man can show just cause why they may not be lawfully joined together, then let him now speak or forever hold his peace. I object. (crowd murmuring) What? As a friend I've tried to hold my tongue, but as a magistrate I can no longer allow this marriage to proceed. No, no, Richard, you've gone too far this time. Captain, take this man and put him in the bloody stockades. Hear me out and you may wish to put your bride there instead. The divorce papers she submitted from Connecticut are false. She forged the signatures and I have taxation records from Selah Strong to prove it. Please, you are welcome to examine them. So... if we let this marriage proceed now, the only result will be the sin and the crime of bigamy. Do you deny it, Mrs. Strong? It is a forgery. (crowd murmuring) And he made me do it. What? I have no home, no husband, and he promised to take care of me. He convinced me to lie and said no one would notice. Is that a fact? Major Hewlett, is this true? Yes. (crowd gasps) Forgive me. Shakespeare's sonnets. He used to read them to me. Let him know that when he holds this book, he'll be holding my heart. Does John... still love me? I can't remember all his fine words, ma'am, but... you're all he thinks about. Thank you, Abigail. I'm so glad I found you. All my theater friends say you are an expert in the Philadelphia style. I did all the society ladies before I was expelled from that Eden without so much as a fig leaf to cover my shame. (laughs) Ah, here it is. Can you style me exactly like this? And send the bill to Major John André, Mr... All my friends call me Freddy. And, yes. I can do that style from memory. Your new orders. Details of your duties as commander of the garrison. Commander? New York may assign a new man, but since you have already held the post when I was a prisoner, I would imagine they'll let you keep it. It's not exactly a coveted position. But, sir... I have written to General Clinton informing him of my resignation and my request to be discharged back to England. I am done with the colonies, Wakefield. I do not understand them and perhaps never will. But I do know that I have nothing left to stay for. I... had hoped to embrace this new world, but it seems the romance, as always, was one-sided. "Dear Abraham, It appears you now have all that you want or need, a clear path to continue your work for Washington. I, however, have lost everything else. I have no home, no husband, no man to love or to love me... no reason to stay in this place I've known all my life. I can at least tell myself that I've saved a decent man from being the next casualty of your mission, though at the cost of his hope and happiness. You drove me to befriend him, Abraham. And when I did, you made me pay for it. And for that, I'm not sure I can ever forgive you. (crying) In some ways, I fear the man I once gave my heart to is gone for good. Maybe one day love, even if now curdled into bitterness and jealousy, will find you again. And if it does, then perhaps there is still a hope that this war that has already cost us so much... will not have cost us everything." 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 