Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Hypocrisy, Fraud, and Tyranny - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Hypocrisy, Fraud, and Tyranny https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=27357 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/24/16 08:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Hypocrisy, Fraud, and Tyranny 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 announcer : Previously, on "Turn: Washington's Spies." 
 Run, ya b*st*rd! 
 Run!  (gunshots firing) 
 Robert Rogers... you're Culper! 
 (groaning) 
 (explosion) Find him! I can't watch ya sacrifice your future just to save the enemy. Judge Woodhull : The divorce papers she submitted are false. Anna : I have no reason to stay. You have a man in Washington's camp. Rivington. I'd like to buy an advertisement. (water dripping) This lot's the foul-tempered sort. Big enough to be worth a worry, but we know how to handle him. (lock clicks) Leave us now, please. Henry Dawkins? Hmm. Born in London, accomplice to Isaac Ketcham. If by accomplice you mean the whittler who done set me up. You never claimed innocence during your trial. Oh, is that what I should have done? Where were you, sir? I have the power to release you from this place this instant. But first I need the truth. Did you do what they said you did? Why? Because I need you to do it again. (chatter) (door opens) Major. A double edition, no doubt. I wonder what the bloody news is now. Mr. Rivington is in the fashion of reporting the news before it happens. Perhaps some great victory is expected soon. (scoffs) I've heard of no such thing planned. It's nearly winter, for God's sake. (clears throat) Robie boy, rounds up of drinks are taken down to our friends. Nothing too strong, eh? Of course... James. I do hope that this increase in circulation you appear to be preparing for won't cause a spike in advertising prices. Two of my presses have been drafted into service by the Royal Army. Oh? We're making... Continentals. Those sacks were stuffed with paper taken from the rebel's own supply. Philadelphia paper with silk fibers and isinglass for the real look and feel. André plans to flood the rebel states with them. He'll devalue the currency. Yes, bankrupt the bastards. False Congress notes for a false Congress, eh? (laughs) But for those lucky few who get in on the action early, a fortune can be had. Let it never be said that I don't pay your share in a timely manner, partner. There's little to do with these inside York City. Even a boring Quaker such as yourself has a friend or two in the London trade. Fine, keep the bridle on. But my advice is spend these soon before they're worth less than wallpaper. In that case... I'd like to buy an advertisement. ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ (gunshot) That's not bad. I missed. That's all right. Try again. You're getting closer. (spits) I should load it for practice. All right, well... you hit something, you get to reload it. Right, let's give it a go. You ready? Here you go. Try and keep these in, now, yeah? All right, raise this a little bit. If you keep still, so will the deer. All right? Mm-hmm. Give it a go. (gunshot) Mary Madigan! (laughing) Well, I do believe that's a head shot, Mrs. Woodhull. (horse whinnies) Someone must have heard the shot. No, they're not here to report our musket. What? Restocking was going to be cumbersome, so I scheduled a delivery to save some trouble. I wanted to surprise you. Come on, mister. Come on. You can shoot one day. When you're a little older. Did Mama do a good job? Your mama did do a good job, didn't she? Blew his head off. What is it? What's wrong? Ah! The ring? Here. See this here? This is the signal we use. You have to ride for Oyster Bay? Go. If anyone asks, I'll tell them you're bound for Stony Brook to purchase more lumber. Mary. Go. You gonna help Mama put these away? (chatter) (horse whinnies) (dogs barking) Like that, then? Well done, Missy. Looks so fine, I'll have you do the next four. Oh, whoa. Hold up there, Sergeant. I'll take it from here. Might we have a word, Mrs. Strong? How would you fancy a rest? I don't mind the work. Caleb : Yeah? Give yourself a once-over. You'll want to wipe the grime off before you meet him. Meet who? (chuckles) General Washington. It's my pleasure to introduce Mrs. Anna Strong, the signal of Setauket. Madam. It is my great honor to welcome you to this army that you have kept alive and whole through your good works. On behalf of those who will never know the true measure of your efforts, I thank you for them and for all the sacrifices you have made in the name of our cause. Thank you, sir. I... it has been my pleasure. (crying) Anna. You... you credit me too well, Your Excellency, but I hope you see my best efforts are not behind me. It is my resolve, my hope that now from camp I can bring even more value to the ring. Anna, I... Having lived in Setauket, I know the difficulties Culper faces. I can keep up with the reports between him and us and clarify said reports as needed. All of your efforts have been greatly appreciated, madam. Anna. Come on. Come on. What was that? You know, just the commander-in-chief. Am I a camp follower now? Is that all I'm meant to do? Anna, women do not serve in official capacity. You know this. Washington cannot enlist you. What did you expect him to say? (exhales) I... I know how you feel, Annie. Do you? Yeah. Just let me talk to Ben, yeah? He's been out of sorts since he got back from Jersey. I know. He was wounded. I asked him about it, but he just went quiet. Right, well, I'll get him to talk, yeah? And listen. Mm. (bell tolling) Grog. Quick, now. It'll be a shilling. Ain't been paid yet. I could get you some Continentals. You gentlemen have been working away all night. Allow me to bring you some Madeira. My compliments. (men chatting) André :  Listen up, gentlemen. Pay attention. Once each of your detachments has received their allotments, Uh, told him we were thirsty. He said it were on the house. Much obliged. André :  The bills will be ready by midday tomorrow  and the Glencairn will sail promptly at 2:00. Each of you 12 leaders must ensure that your men are ready to go. The Glencairn will take you up the Hudson past our Fort Montgomery to Con Hook, as close to Patriot territory as is safe from their cannon at West Point. How many guns on the Glencairn? 20. But there shouldn't be any need for them. No one should be aware of your presence. Thank you, Mr. Townsend, for the refreshments. (groans) You are welcome, sir. Lieutenant Gamble will brief you  on where each group is to meet their contacts in rebel-held territory. Gamble :  Thank you, sir. It'll be near nightfall by the time we land at Con Hook. We've made arrangements to pump the money into their economy  through bulk purchases. You men have been chosen based on your previous trade contacts. When you head to your assigned area, keep a low profile... (continues indistinctly) Man :  Fall in! Hup, ho! Attention! Well, what do you think? This cart used to belong to Nathaniel Sackett. He's the man who wrote our code glossary. Did Caleb speak with you? Yes. Yes, he did. He... he told me that you didn't want to be seen as a mere camp follower and I agreed. So this cart will set you apart from all the other doxie-delles who are just here to find a husband. That's not what I... Ben, I want to help the ring. Our ring. Right, well, I'm afraid that's not possible. Why? It's too dangerous. What, here in camp? You've been away from Setauket too long. All right, just lower your voice. And don't point at me like that, please. Oh, is that an order, Major? I thought I wasn't enlisted. You know, you're here at the pleasure of the commander, a privilege that can be revoked at any time. Don't act like I don't know you. I used to hold your hand while you cried from a bee sting. Yes, when I was eight years old. I hadn't grown up yet. And I'm starting to think that maybe you still haven't. Is that why you don't believe I can help? Even though it was I who recruited Abigail. And maintained contact with her while the British were in Philadelphia. Did you even tell Washington that? Or did you credit yourself for it? Is that why you won't advocate for me? Advocate for you? Anna, I lied for you. Lied for me? You tried to marry a British officer. Now, I know that doesn't change what side you're on, but do you think Washington knows that? He doesn't know you. What did you tell him? I... (sighs) That there were whispers of adultery with Culper and rather than implicate him and the ring, you left Setauket because of social shame. Look, I'm sorry. I... I had to explain your leaving to him somehow. I see. So I'm to be a woman shamed here as well. You're not shamed. But I am a woman. Something fragile. Something to be protected. I just wish you had a sister growing up, Ben. Or a wife. Or even a girl you loved. Then you'd have a wider view of... All right, tt's enough! Look, as I said, this cart belonged to Nathaniel Sackett. He ended up dead because this ring is dangerous even in camp even for a man. (sheep bleating) (dog barking) Samuel :  Morning, Mr. Rivington. (clears throat) Ah, the elder Townsend! By any chance have you seen my son? You know I haven't. He was covering the shop last night and I hear it turned into quite the late affair. I imagine he's having a bit of a lie-in up in his room. Yes, all right. Well, I believe I shall wake him. But what if he's not alone? What if he's entertaining a lady? Or ladies? James :  I'll walk you up. Samuel :  I assure you... James :  No, no, no. (knocking) One minute. (knocking) Mr. Rivington. Thank you for guiding... Hmm. (whistles) Hmm. Curious you're writing on music paper. Yes, yes, it's a copy. Got it for Nelly, Father. It's a new piece composed by an Austrian fellow. Naturally I will be selling the original, but I thought that Nelly might like to be the talk of the town playing something fresh on her pianoforte. If she can find a violin partner. It is a duet. That's wonderful. She'll be so pleased. Perhaps she can come visit one day. Nelly, eh? (chuckles) You rascal. (sighs) I told you he was going to be a problem. Got his eye on you. And mine is on him. If I am caught, Rivington will not be the one to do it. And if he discovers that Nelly is the family dog? He likes a good joke. Now, time is of the essence with this one. Make sure that Culper knows that. Yes. Robert. Father, don't worry. I'm proud of you. I wanted to be sure that you knew that. You know, it would be good to spend some time with you away from all this business. Why don't you come home next week for Thanksgiving dinner at the farm? Thanksgiving? Yes. Why, Father, wouldn't that be considered a holiday? So don't tell the other Quakers. I won't. And in any case, there'll be turkey. Count me in. Ah. (clears throat) All right, Thomas, let's see how fast Mama can do this. (horse snorts) Thomas, sweetheart, follow Mama. Come here. Welcome back, Captain. Thank you, Mrs. Woodhull. May I suggest you take your son and retreat into your home? Is there danger? Not if you stay clear of the town and the garrison. In any case, it'll all be settled by nightfall. Good day. 
 
 (door opens) My little soldier. Come to Grandpapa. See, Thomas? I told you he'd be home. What's the matter? Father... Don't call me that. Please listen to me. Captain Simcoe has returned and he looks to be in a violent mood. Well, best give him a wide berth. I... I agree. I hope to do so. I think we all should. I wanted you to know of his return. You don't want me to mention Abe. You don't want me to tell Captain Simcoe that Abe is a spy. Nothing good can come of it. Think of what happened with Hewlett. Hewlett was weak. And Simcoe is evil. Does that concern a man of the law? Does it concern you that you would be sacrificing your son to the man who had you shot? What? Simcoe was standing next to me when I was shot. Corporal Eastin shot you at range under Simcoe's orders. And now Corporal Eastin is dead by Abe's hand. (hoofbeats approach) Please. Please. Please. Please. All right. I will stay silent on one condition. Thomas stays with me. You willingly give him over to my care. No. No. Never. Don't do this. Captain Simcoe. Thank you for watching him. I'll tell Aberdeen that it's past time for his lunch. Am I interrupting? Not at all. Splendid for a boy to spend time with his grandfather, though I do wish to speak with you alone for a moment. I've just returned from an unfortunate excursion to discover Major Hewlett has fled us for kinder tides. That leaves only you and I to discuss the matter of Hewlett's dealings with Robert Rogers. What... what do you mean, dealings? You play incompetent well for a magistrate. It is clear they were in league against me and it would not serve you well to deny what you have seen either in passing or as an active participant. I know of no collusion between the two in any capacity. I would find the notion ridiculous if I did not see your belief in it. As for me, I cannot place Hewlett with Rogers since the investigation of Captain Joyce's murder. I do know that they despised one another. I note you have a vacancy here at Whitehall. As the ranking officer in Setauket, it is fitting for my headquarters. I shall take Hewlett's room as my own. What will you do about Hewlett? Will you report him to your superiors? Oh, I find such matters are best handled face to face. He shouldn't be hard to find. His mercenary, however, is the immediate danger. (door opens) (door closes) Hello! Welcome back to Oyster Bay. I was trying to get my fields turned under before winter. Huh, bit of a late start. Well, looks like you'll be ready for spring, though. (laughs) Yeah. Look, I'm sorry I won't be able to stay long. Oh, yes, of course. Well, your timing is impeccable. Oh? - I just returned from York City not two hours ago. Right over here. (clears throat) Tell me, is everything all right back in Setauket? Yes, all... all is well. Oh, good. (chuckles) Because your friend Austin Roe made it sound as if that was not so. He has a tendency to make things sound more dramatic than they actually are. But, listen, it'll be me who comes to see you from here on out. You won't be seeing him ever again, so... Good. Well, I'll be on my way. All right. It was good to see you. Good. Abe. Robert will be here at the farm for Thanksgiving. Mm. - Yes, I think it would be good if you two spoke again and not through code. Why don't you and your family join us for dinner, eh? Well, I'll see what the wife says. Do that.  Okay. Good day. Good day. Hyah. (horse snorting) (hoofbeats approach) (men chatting) (door opens) (man grunting) Man #2 :  Here, watch the door. Man :  Now where is it? Here? Man #2 :  No. No, that way. No, this way? Man :  Here, this way. Man #2 :  All right. (grunts) Through here.  (door closes) Man : Yeah, here's good. (men grunt) Don't put that there. It's captain's orders. I've chosen this room as my new office. I trust that won't be a problem. Business must be going well. These numbers are high. Later, you and I should discuss the opportunities around Setauket. There must be some service I can offer in place of Hewlett's old partnership. We were never partners. Though he did allow you to keep your pistol even though all firearms were to be turned into the garrison. It was just for protection. I'm all the protection this town requires. In the future, I would appreciate you requesting permission before entering my office. Robert's voice :  "Dear Mr. Culper, I have challenging news. British counterfeiters are set to flood New York and elsewhere with forged Continental dollars. John André briefed 12 men, shovers, who leave midday Tuesday on a ship called the Glencairn traveling the Hudson north of Fort Montgomery to Con Hook. Where they go after that, I do not know. Aside from this, I note Major André has been lately down in the mouth. Woman troubles of some variety. Please tell 711 as fast as possible." All right, men, you know where to meet your distributors. Move out. Townsend's voice :  "Hopefully this news will reach him in time to cut off the ship and disrupt this plot." (indistinct dialogue) I had no choice. Simcoe was right there and your father was... where are you going? To get my pistol and get our son. No, no. Abe, stop! Mary, stop. No, Abe. Mary, get off the door. Just think. I set up Simcoe! He was supposed to die in an ambush on the coast, all right? Now he's alive, he's back here, he's looking for me. And you've left our son with him. Get off the door. He doesn't know you're involved, Abe. Abe, listen. If Simcoe knew that you were involved, he wouldn't have let me leave Whitehall. Where's my damn pistol? Damn it! Abe, look at me. Look at me. If you go storming in there with a pistol, he will know something is wrong. We need to get Thomas back, yes, but we need to think and we need to plan. He doesn't know that you're involved.  (pistol cocks) (gasps) How many times have I told you to be more aware of your surroundings, boy? It's all right. It's all right. I know him. This must be Mrs. Cabbage Farmer. What the hell happened to you? Your friend Brewster needed saving, so I saved him. And now those bastards know I'm here and they're tracking me down like a wild animal. So you lead them back here? You owe me! I took a patch of leather for my eye. And now I'll be needing the intelligence from your man in the city. I've already dropped the letter. It's gone. What did it say? Look, can we just lower the pistol? You tell me what it said. Major André is flooding Patriot lands with thousands of counterfeit bills. Sounds just like André. Using money as a weapon. Is he crossing the lines himself? No, he's sending men. Shovers. What else? Nothing. What else? Nothing else. Just little observations, that's it. Observations? Something about Major André being down in the mouth over a woman or something. A woman? Yeah, it was just an observation. He puts them at the bottom sometimes. No, Woodhull, no. This is the key. This is the heel of old Achilles himself. You understand? Hmm? You had one in Philly, too, didn't you? What was her name? What was her name? It didn't say. It didn't say a name. Guess I'll have to ask him myself. No. No. No, just... no, wait! Come back. Would you just... please? You can't talk to Townsend. He's in New York. That's where I'm going. You don't know this man, all right? He is not like his father. He scares easily. He's got nothing to be afraid of from me. I'm just gonna ask him a few questions. Just let me ask them. Let me ask, all right? How are you going to get into New York, boy? I won't have to. He's coming to Oyster Bay for Thanksgiving. He's invited me to join, all right? I can find out everything you need to know about that woman, about André. Everything that you need to know, just let me ask the questions. Thanksgiving, eh? Yeah. That's right soon. Best be on my way if I want to make it in time for dinner, eh? I'm very hungry. Abe! Abe! I like you, boy. And that's why I'm not going to kill you. But we will never see each other again. No! No! (grunting) (chatter) (crying) (chatter) According to Culper Jr.'s intelligence, the Glencairn has already made landfall and its shovers have dispersed with their poison dollars. We received this news too late. But, sir, we may still be able to find them through their contacts. But even he doesn't know where they're heading. Well, sir, we could start in Con Hook and look for their tracks. Tracks? Right. You're dismissed. Sir, if you'll just allow... Both of you. Tall-boy, I'm sorry. I got to the drop and back as quick as I could. No, don't apologize. You got it here safely and it's a good lead. Yeah, just too late to matter, right? Now do you really think that you could track the shovers from Con Hook? No, they'll likely take boats. Any other ideas? If they've already landed, what'll you do? We've as much clue as a horse's arse. Right, but we were hoping you might have a different perspective seeing as you've been in enemy territory longer than either of us. Well, I've been thinking about where the shovers would do their shoving. If they have all this money to unload, they can't just spend it at some general store. They'd need someone who could take thousands in one go and spend it fast. Well, loyal Tories, right? I mean, they could spend it, but they'd have to do it over time. No. No, too slow. The British need a flood, not a trickle. When Maarten DeJong bought Selah's tavern, he switched to buying cheap rum from privateers, so Patriot privateers have access to our lands and waterways. They trade on the black market with anyone  and might be greedy enough not to ask questions  about who they're selling to or why. Christ. She's... she's got it, Ben. She got it. You got it. (laughs) All right, last week I heard a couple of whipjackets who do business in Moodna Creek, right? They closed their shop. They stopped selling. They pulled all their tobacco off the London trade. They pulled all of it. Wait, how much did they have? A sh1t ton, give or take. But the only reason they'd take their inventory off market is if they thought they had someone who could buy it all, right? Right. One big sale. Yeah. Well, do you know where their hideout is? Yeah. Well, what are you waiting for? Give 'em hell! I didn't agree to hold all my sales for this ridiculous price. Perhaps if you had neglected just a few of your many whores, you might be able to meet our confirmed amount. If it's as good as you say it is, you'll get your price. You know, if we're lucky, they'll just shoot each other and we can grab the cash. No, no, Sobel is a Patriot. He'll fall in line with us. He might even know where the other 11 teams have gone. Six shovers, six privateers...  and six of us. No matter what else happens, the money gets burned. You got wood chips mixed in here. That's half the product, half the amount. Bollocks. It's pure and I was promised double value for the whole load. I won't trade for less. Take it back, boys. No sale. Wait. Here. The agreed 10,000. What... no, no. Not yet. Are you kidding me? He killed Sackett. I know. Gamble is André's man. He likely knows where the other shover teams have gone. We find them, we can recover all the counterfeit dollars. All right. Then we avenge Sackett. All right? Good. I apologize for my man. He was under my orders to drive you down. (spits) I see now there's no fooling you. Let's light up that cash before they have a chance to split it up. _ (speaking Oneida) Aye. Patriots, with us! Those are British counterfeiters! (men shouting) Ben : Spare their leader! Fire! Agh! (screams) (shouts) Agh! Where are the other shovers? Where are they?! Are you sure I can't buy you off? (shouts) Where are the others?! (gurgles) Caleb :  Ben, he's gone. Ben :  Finish him. Nathaniel Sackett. (gunshot echoes) (banging) (grunting) Mary, I can use some help here. I have to stop him before he gets to Townsend's. We have to get out of here. I help you when you want it, then you keep me in the dark the rest of the time. You didn't think Rogers sneaking around the farm with Thomas nearby was worth mentioning to me earlier? Or that you were setting an ambush for Simcoe with Hewlett? Mary, please. I'm not saying that you had a choice. But I never would have let Thomas near Simcoe if I had known. Tell me what is going on. All of it. Then I can help you figure out what to do just as good as you. I agree. I agree with you, all right? But you have to understand, I did it for your protection. That's ridiculous. I know it was wrong. It was the wrong thing to do and I won't do it again, all right? From now on, you will know everything, but right now it's about that cellar door. What happens if you manage to catch up to Robert Rogers? He'll kill you. Well, I said I had to stop him, but I didn't say I was planning on catching up to him. (crickets chirping) (Thomas giggling) (gasps) Thomas :  Again! (Simcoe vocalizing) I suppose you were looking for this. Or was it this? "Colonel Cooke, I write with utmost urgency regarding protection for our productive and beloved Setauket. Queen's Rangers have settled in the town and are in open conflict with the regulars led by the brutal and now unchecked Captain John Graves Simcoe. I warn you most solemnly that..." It appears you were interrupted here and never got to finish. Perhaps the letter is out of context. I'd hate for needless strife to be churned up by sending such a thing filled with unsubstantiated claims. What is not in that letter yet is that I know that you ordered me shot. Careful, Magistrate. The command to fire is an easy one in time of war. I would loathe for Setauket to loose such a wise man. (door opens) Father, we've just been robbed. Up at the farm. Captain Simcoe, if your men make a start now, you may just catch him. But I warn you, please be careful. He's wounded, but he's fierce. Slow down, Woodhull. Who robbed you? Well, you're not gonna believe it, but it was Robert Rogers. Which way did he run? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 