Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Challenge - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Challenge https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=17581 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/26/14 02:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Challenge 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Turn"... 
 After conferring with Major Hewlett, That he signs an agreement not to challenge the attainder. (Cocks gun) (Gunshot) So you found that dragoon you've been hunting at long last? Oh, no, I recall. You came back from Long Island empty-handed. Whilst enduring torture at the hands of my rebel captors, I managed to wheedle out the fact that they hailed from Setauket itself. Setauket? I'd like to conduct an inquiry beginning with the family names  of Tallmadge and Brewster. We were engaged, secretly, before he decided that honoring his father's agreement was more important than his vow to me. (Seagulls calling) (Ship bell ringing) (Knock on door) Yes? I'm off to see Cook. I just wanted to say good luck. Uh, you... you just missed a... Oh. I'll get it for you. Selah will be glad to see you. Will he? The moment after I show him this pardon, I have the grand privilege to inform him that all we own is forfeit. And the last of his estate is being parceled off to the Royal Army by you. His fields will be seized with or without me, but with me, we earn the trust of the enemy. At least he'll be spared the pain of looking on Setauket again. Maybe life will improve for us in Connecticut. Connecticut? Selah has family there and he can recover under their care. There's nothing left for us on Long Island. I can't help but think about how things might have turned out differently. Oh. Major Hewlett, he was determined to make a disciplinary example for what happened in the tavern... I meant between us. If you hadn't broken our engagement, none of this would've happened. It wasn't that simple. It was. No. No. Yes, it was. I had obligations to my family, to my father. A father you never agreed with. Look, after my brother died at those riots... Your brother died fighting for the king. If Thomas' fate wasn't a clear sign from God to make a break with your family, I don't know what is. You know nothing about it. Then tell me what happened. Tell me why you broke your promise. This is likely the last we're to see each other. Tell me the truth. The truth is some things just aren't meant to be. (Door opens) Captain Henry : Shoulder your firelocks! Colonel Lee Bowman. Major John Ainsley. Captain Colin Darbyshire. Captain Samuel Tallmadge. Rogers : Where are ya, Benjamin? Can you believe the whelp didn't come to collect his own brother? (Clock ticking) If it were my kin on a prison ship,  I'd be the first one to welcome him home. Selah. Caleb... Brewster. What are you doing here? Where's Samuel? Samuel. Yeah, Ben's brother. The man they just called out. Where's Samuel? Dead. He's dead. Selah Strong, dead. Ooh. These two seem to know each other. Robert Rogers was the one that pulled you out? Aye. Shite. (Grunts) (Men shouting) Hold fire! The shot came from our side! From those trees! Rearguard formation! Get him up! Get back, men! Get behind the wagon! You four come with me. Major Rogers, you fired on an exchange sanctioned under the flag of truce. I am hunting a fugitive who is masquerading as a soldier. A man you just let slip to the other side. You have overstepped your bounds. I will be reporting this incident to your superiors. I'll leave the chinwagging in your capable hands, then, Captain. What do we do now? (Sighs) Now we are going to hunt down Mr. Strong and that curious bearded b*st*rd before they warn Tallmadge. But ain't that rebel land that they're crossing into? It's my land, pup. It's all my land. ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ Done and done. Who needs the green fields of Connecticut, I say, when we have Long Island? Land flowing with milk and honey. Or pork and cauliflower. (Laughs) Be sure to give your father my best upon your return. Oh, I shall indeed, but, uh, he also said he expected me to return with a story. Did he, now? Well, he did. He said, "Son, you're in York City, the greatest port in the colonies. Drink Spanish wine, eat Scottish salmon and... Together : Sing the "Song of Solomon!" That's right. I was hoping that you might show me the best places for singing. At my expense, of course, and we'll celebrate our deal. Yes, well, I recommend you sample it all, my lad, but I'm afraid you have to sing solo tonight. I have a previous engagement. Passing up on free quim? Must be important. Who said anything about passing up quim? I see. What sort of engagement is this? Oh, a local chapter of a very old club. The Masons? No, much more fun. No, tonight's dinner is headed by Major John Andre and he's a marvelous toastmaster. Oh. Of course, outsiders are rarely allowed. But there are exceptions. Especially if there's business to be done. Business? What, you just leave him here, then? He's not Samuel Tallmadge. He's not even a soldier. No, he's Selah Strong. I've known him all my life. He's more Patriot than you and I put together. He's not on the list. And he was released to our care by the enemy with some theatrics to boot. Theatrics? (Chuckles) He's calling your wound theatrics. I'd knock him out. I will not bring him into camp. Go. I can make it on my own. You can barely stand on your own two feet. All right, when you do get back to camp, you find Major Tallmadge, tell him you're a nob, and then tell him "Genevieve." All right? He'll know what I mean. Come on, Strong. You're stuck with me till we get into friendly territory. (Jordan grunting, gasping) When you're on the march, act as if you were sneaking up on a deer. Or a lion. You don't weight me down like a mule, maybe I don't make so much noise. Shh. See your enemy first before he sees you, boy. My name is Jordan, not "boy." What's your true name, boy? The one they beat out of you? (Quietly) Akinbode. Louder. Akinbode. Rogers : Good, and do you know who I am? I'm the one who's gonna give you your name back as soon as I stop hearing you breathe. (People chatting) (Footsteps approaching) Anna? What are you doing here? Where's Selah? How did it go with Cook? He refused to sign the agreement, didn't he? Where is he? I'll talk to... First, tell me what happened. I signed over the cauliflower, so that's done. And then you gained his trust? What I gained was an invite to a social affair at Major John Andre's house. I can't have either of you two frustrating the scheme. I won't. I want to go with you. Where? To the dinner? Tonight? You're allowed a guest. This is the same Major John Andre whom I deciphered the safe house letter from. The same Major John Andre whom my housemaid Abigail is now set under. Well... I have friends inside. If it's a supper... Abigail will likely be getting supplies at the market near his house. And does Selah know about this? Selah's dead. He's been dead for two months. I have nowhere to go. I am going with you. Anna, I am so sorry. To hell with sorrow. It's revenge I'm after and I'll see it done. Listen to me. While you are in this state, you will likely give us both away. That is why I can't take you. They have taken everything from me. I know. I'll be back tomorrow morning. We can talk about everything, all right? But until then, you must promise me that you'll wait here. Promise me you'll wait. (Selah coughing) Just a bit further. Can't. Need to rest. All right, here. Sip and stretch. Can't stop long. Here. So, this Genevieve... is a tavern wench? Aye, prettiest I've ever seen. That's where we're headed... Elizabeth Town Tavern. Was she dark or fair? She were both. Like my Anna? (Clanging) Get down! (Gunshot) It's three against two. In your shite condition, it's more like three against one. Robert Rogers? Aye, I think so. Give me a gun. Well, the bright side, if Rogers does kill us,  at least Benny boy will be still alive to murder him, huh? (Caleb chuckles) Captain Henry? Major. What news of the prisoner exchange? We were ambushed, sir. Queen's Rangers. What? My brother? Where's my brother? They attempted to pose another man in his stead, sir. Brewster vouched for him, but I couldn't risk  bringing an unknown prisoner back to camp. What about Brewster? Where's Brewster? He headed north, sir, through neutral territory. He said to tell you "Genevieve." He was sure you'd understand what it meant. Come on, boy. (Chatter) Three dozen to be sent directly to the residence of Major John Andre. Abigail. Anna. You're in New York? But why? Cicero's fine, Abby. He's staying with Aberdeen for a short spell while I take care of business here in the city. Did you get my message about Simcoe? I did and I thank you, but right now I'm more concerned with the dinner you're preparing for tonight. How did you know? I want you to help me get in. You don't, trust me. It's no place for a lady. Especially you. You let me determine that. It's too dangerous for me. You asked a favor of me once. You asked me to care for your son. I want that favor returned. You don't own me anymore. I own nothing anymore. And you will get me into that party whether you like it or not. Madam, is this slave troubling you? If so, I'll see to it she's taken care of. No, we just had a simple misunderstanding. But that's all been made clear. Isn't that right? Simcoe : Thank you for sitting with me, Mr. Robeson. Well, If I can be of aid, I will. I've been charged by Major Hewlett with ferreting out a conspiracy in town. Conspiracy? Tell me what you know about Benjamin Tallmadge and Caleb Brewster. Well, there's not much to tell, really. Any associates? People in the town they might've been in league with? Well, there's Tallmadge's father. He used to be the minister here. And Brewster? His father died of the palsy a few years back. Has a sister still alive with it and an uncle he was very fond of. What about that weasel Woodhull, for example? The one who got away with the murder of Captain Joyce? Ensign Clayton killed the captain. Do you really believe that one of His Majesty's finest captains  was done in by the regimental drummer? If it's rebel sympathizers you're looking for, the petition for the New York Convention is a good place to start. Petition? (Men laughing) Officer : You sing the girl part. Officer 2 : Well, I am much prettier than you. Men : Oh! Officer : Try to chant in tune, milady. (Singing "Soldier, Soldier, Will You Marry Me?") ♪ Soldier, soldier, will you marry me ♪ 
♪ With your musket, fife, and drum? ♪ 
♪ Oh, how can I marry such a pretty girl as you ♪ 
♪ When I have no hat to put on? ♪ 
♪ And off to the haberdasher she did go ♪ 
 ♪ As fast as she could run ♪ 
♪ She bought him a hat, the best that there was ♪ 
♪ And the soldier put it on. ♪ 
 
 (Laughing) Here's someone you should meet. Major Andre, may I present Abraham Woodhull, a trader from Long Island? Major Andre. It's an honor to meet you, sir. Gird yourself for battle, Mr. Woodhull. We plan to give Dionysus a spirited contest for his crown. They are, of course, ahead of us. Each man is budgeted for one bottle of champagne, three bottles of wine during, and one bottle of port after. One's glass must always be full. So you're our man on Long Island? Oh, Woodhull. Abraham Woodhull. Officer : Challenge! Men : Challenge! Colonel Cook. Oh, don't dare to dream you can outbumper me, young man. Answer my challenge and we'll bumper together. Oh! Who would you kill... if there were no repercussions and you could get away clean? You, for positing a challenge worthy of a first-rate tonker. (Laughing) Yeah, bumper! Oh, oh! (All cheer) Now answer your own frivolous thrust. Who would you kill? George Washington, so we can end this bloody war. Kiss-ass! (Laughing) Weir : One hopes that Lieutenant Gracely  won't hit his mark too soon. There's profit to be made in this bloody war. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. How can I be of assistance? The army needs fuel,  and coal from Durham and South Wales is too expensive to ship. Cordwood will suffice, and the orchards on Long Island are a rich source. Understood. Uh, what's the going rate? By requisition, the desired rate is zero, naturally. That's why the war helps us as regards to those we brand rebels. Confiscation eschews compensation. Don't we have to wait until the rebels in question are proven guilty? (Scoffs) Guilt is relative. Whatever proof we don't have can be adjusted. You provide the names, we provide the attainders. I see, To the spoils of war. (Chuckles) Indeed. Don't drink that yet! (Laughing) Oh, relax, relax. Just a little ritual mischief for the initiate. (Chuckles) You can get me back later. I certainly hope so. On three, two, one! (Cocks gun) Ben : Get down! (Hoofbeats approaching) Get him under cover! (Whinnies) (Cocks gun) Ah! What the hell are you doing here? Trying to save you. I meant for us to meet at the Elizabeth Town Tavern, all right? Don't you know a trap when you see one? You're welcome, Brewster. Well, you wanted Rogers, right? You got him. Go on. (Men chattering inside) Excuse me, Corporal. Did a young woman with brown hair wearing a coral dress come by yet? Coral? You mean like pink? Mm. Not that I've seen. Oh, she's late. The major won't be pleased. Won't be pleased at all. (Laughing) (Retches) No shame in casting up one's accounts. I suggest you use your chunder bucket early and often. It's the only way to survive the night. (Clinking glass) Andre : Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Gentlemen, I believe we are expecting a delivery of flowers soon. To firm erection, fine insertion, excellent distillation, and... Together : No contamination. (Men laughing) Where's your pass? My... oh, no! I must have dropped it. Perhaps somewhere on the coach. It's all right. You're expected. (Woman chatting) Shh, shh. Look, girls. (Women whispering) Woman : She's in the wrong place, isn't she? Don't mind them. Plenty of eligible officers to go around. I just have a few nervous butterflies is all. I get them every time I go onstage. Use them to embolden your performance. Remember to be visible, amenable, and most importantly, flexible. (Abraham singing "To Anacreon in Heaven") ♪ ...sent a petition ♪ 
♪ That he their Inspirer ♪ ♪ And Patron would be ♪ 
♪ When this answer arrived from the jolly... ♪ 
♪ Old Grecian... ♪ Sing the bloody song! Come on! (Pounding table) Chirp, chirp, nightingale! You've never seen girls before? Sing! ♪ And, besides, I'll instruct you ♪ 
♪ Like me to entwine ♪ 
♪ The Myrtle of Venus ♪ 
♪ With Bacchus's vine. ♪ (Men chuckling) I see our dance partners have arrived. (Men laughing) (Piano playing) Not so fast. Would you do me the honor of being my partner? The pleasure would be mine. ♪ (Music playing) (Whispering) You promised me you'd stay behind. (Whispering) Promises get broken. You should wait before you do something reckless. I waited for you when we were engaged and that all went to hell. I waited to get Selah released and now he's gone. I'm done waiting. Major Andre. A word in private? (Door closes) He fired on the exchange? With no regard for the prisoners or the proceeding. After Washington's letter regarding the ill treatment of prisoners, even General Howe will see fit to rein in his favorite cur. Robert Rogers showed no discipline, no respect for the rule of law. His arrogance does a disservice to us all. How soon can you be back in neutral territory? It's just over two hours' hard ride. I have fresh horses standing by. I'm giving you permission to kill him if he resists. I need a squirrel. Eh? Their brains... (Groans) help to heal the wound. I'll go get one. Don't forget your musket. I don't need it. Tell me about my brother. He's got a right to know, Selah. The Jersey... was hell. We had to fight for food, air to breathe. We became animals. We cursed God, all of us... except Samuel. Your brother prayed every night. Convinced me to pray, too. To fight. We protected each other. But I couldn't protect him from dysentery. When it was done, I was the one who carried Samuel above deck. I prayed his soul go to heaven  and sent his body to the sea. Hey, at least he's at peace now, Ben. Peace? What peace? My brother died like a dog... with everything stripped from him. And now, even in death, Rogers... he steals his name to set a trap for me? He dies tonight. It means "brave one," "warrior." What? My name. And what's the name for "quiet one"? You've forgotten, eh? That boy's a good shot. Hit his target from horseback. You like him. War makes brothers of us all. It's the boy's right to avenge his brother. And it's my right to avenge mine. (Shouting, pounding) (Fire hissing) (Retching) (Men laughing) We should get away from all this... formality to a place where we can be alone. This is just the first course. I'm concerned for her. She's not herself. She told me she plans to steal into the major's bedroom. He keeps a black book there with information about the war. She forced me to tell her about it. (Whispers) I'll find my way to the bedroom. You follow at your discretion. (Man pounds on table) Officer : I'd kill Gracely for not letting me court his sister. I'd kill whoever made this wine. Who do I have to murder to get a decent claret? (Laughing) Shh. (Gunshot) I have a plan. Yeah? Would you mind filling me in? Victory or death. No. It's the only option, Caleb. You're not going out as some decoy. I won't let you die because of me. I'm sorry about Sammy, Tall-boy. I am. And I can't bring him back like I promised. But I can help you get out of these woods and back to camp. (Horse whinnies) Shite. Blake : Hold the line. Uh, about getting you back to camp... Whoa. Whoa. We know you're there. We followed the report of your guns. This standoff must cease and desist by order of Major John Andre. Both parties must put aside their arms  and come down! (Men shouting, laughing) (Footsteps) (Whispering) Get out of here. Weir is coming and... (Panting) Now you'll take me? Out of what, jealousy? If you'd married me, none of this would've happened. Mm. But you're afraid to act from your heart. You're a coward who lives for caution, afraid of your own shad... Uh-oh. Didn't expect I'd get you back quite so soon, eh? Eh? Don't worry, you can have a taste of this bun if you like, now that it's been buttered. I will not be played for a fool. Now look what you've done. Where's the book? (Chattering) I want your backwater scab out of here now. You can't possibly understand a word of it. It's a code key, all right? The same as ours. Ben will be able to decipher it. Abraham, wait. What do you think you're doing? You were gonna lay with him, is that it? Is that your plan? You would've spread your legs for... I don't care what happens to my body, not anymore. Well, neither do I. Is this man bothering you? (Abe scoffs) Me? I think that you'd find, sir, that the bother was mine. All right? She's dry as dust. I suggest you chuck her back in the trough with the rest of them. There is a line, sir, and you've crossed it. Time for you to retire. (Laughing) Mr. Woodhull will be leaving us. He can't leave yet. He hasn't answered the challenge. There is no challenge for him. I've stopped that game. I'll see myself out. The challenge must be answered! I'll see myself out. Please. The challenge must be answered. Who would you kill? We demand your answer. Ahem. I would ki... I would kill the man who killed my brother. Well, I am piqued. Carry on. All right. You'll all remember the Liberty Pole riots at the commons near King's College about three years ago. Sons of Liberty would erect their poles and our men would tear it down week in, week out. Like a game. I was a student of the law back then. I had no time for games. Until one night some drunken fool, he climbed up the pole, he put a Phrygian cap on the top. It was just another game,  to be sure, a prank. But that cap, that... that ancient Roman symbol of freedom, that was a direct insult to our king. Mm-hmm. Right. It was a prank. A prank turned a game into a riot, a riot that my... my brother Thomas... (Voices echoing) He was a captain in the king's militia back then. And he was outnumbered by the rioters that day. I don't want the man who... who ran him through or the... the man who trampled him. I want the... the coward... who put the hat on the pole. Because without him... none of it would've happened, so... Officer : Well, that was bleak. (Laughing) (Chatter resumes) I'm sorry, miss. (Gasps) My dress. Let me get something to clean it. Don't think twice about it, Abigail. Let it go. Thank you, Abigail. (Laughing, chattering) The flag of truce is a symbol that must be treated with the highest honor and respect at all times, not the least of which during a sanctioned exchange of prisoners. As representatives of His Excellency, General George Washington, we do concur and abide by this tradition. That man is not who he pretends to be. May I see your papers, sir? Are you Samuel Tallmadge? Yes, I am. This man is my only brother,  Captain Samuel Tallmadge,  imprisoned on the Jersey these past six months. So confirmed. I place these three men under my protection, and you, Major,  have orders to report to Major Andre at once. There is no place on this continent that you can hide from me. Oh, I won't be hiding. Tallmadge. One good hat deserves another. A petition? Yes. A local is helping me track it down. Judge Woodhull was looking for a petition,  one that named Selah Strong as a delegate to an illegal body. Selah Strong? Even with this petition, we would need more hard evidence there are rebels in our midst. See to it. Quietly. Of course, sir. Anna : You started the riots? Who else knows? Just you. ("Jock O'Hazeldean" playing) ♪ Why weep ye by the tide, lady? ♪ 
♪ Why weep ye by the tide? ♪ 
♪ I'll wed ye to my youngest son ♪ 
♪ And ye shall be his bride ♪ 
♪ The kirk was decked at morning tide ♪ 
♪ The tapers glimmered fair ♪ 
♪ The priest and bridegroom wait the bride ♪ 
♪ And dame and knight were there ♪ 
♪ They sought for her in bower and ha' ♪ 
♪ The lady was nae seen ♪ 
♪ She's o'er the border and awa' ♪ 
♪ Wi' Jock O'Hazeldean. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 