Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Providence - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Providence https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=18509 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/26/15 09:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Providence 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on TURN: Washington's Spies. 
 This was torn from the loyal exchequer's balance ledger. 
 This seal must reach Versailles. 
 I will depart from camp at once. 
 (heavy breathing) 
 Fierce word to King George that I would kill who ever saw this. 
 You wanted to be caught. 
 Male voice : You haven't learned a thing. 
 If we get Hewlett back from Setauket he can release Abe from prison. 
 I'll finish Hewlett. 
 Happy New Year major. 
 (heavy breathing) 
 (stabbing sound) 
 (screaming) 
 ( horse neighs ) 
 Caleb :  Tracks lead south. 
 15, maybe 20 men. 
 But it don't look like regular army to me, you know? 
 Tallmadge. They went south. 
 Yeah, well, it doesn't matter. We were too late. 
 We were late? No, we were lucky. 
 What, you wanted to turn up in time for all of this? 
 The Lord's watching out for us, Ben. 
 It's like that word your father used to preach about. 
 What's that word? 
 Providence. 
 Yeah, providence. 
 Look at that. 
 I found that on the lieutenant there. 
 Turns out Washington decided to pardon Hewlett after all, but the day before these poor bastards executed him. 
 And in doing so they've all but signed the execution order for Abraham in New York. 
 God, huh? God's watching? 
 He's laughing at us. 
 Hey, Abe isn't dead yet, all right? 
 Without Hewlett's word, Abe will hang. 
 Three days. 
 What? 
 It'll take three days for news of this to reach New York at least. 
 Yeah, so? 
 So we've got three whole days to get into the city, break Woody out of jail, and haul his ass back to safety. 
  Yeah, three whole days. 
 That's right. 
 Because it only took us three months to properly infiltrate a man onto the island in the first place, right? 
 Yeah. Well, that was your plan. This one's mine. 
 ( Chatter ) 
 ( branches snapping ) 
 Cold! 
 Hungry! 
 We spotted some footprints, Captain, but they have all their toes. 
 He can't have gone far. 
 There ain't a living creature out there. 
 Ain't no creature 'cept us. 
 And a pair of frozen cows. Died recent by their look. 
 Recall Akinbode. Have him meet us at the shore. 
 We're sailing on to Oyster Bay with orders from Major John André to hunt down some hidden rebels there. 
 Sir? 
 Hewlett's no frontiersman. 
 He could never have eluded us in good health. 
 I expect the snowmelt to reveal his body somewhere. 
 Perhaps we'll return here in the spring. ( flesh squelching ) ( man groans ) ( bird screeching ) ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ Know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ *** Ben :  I thought that Sackett moved all of his devices to Valley Forge.   Mostly did. But not all his treasures could fit in his wagon. Including... our way into New York Harbor. My God, is this... Yeah. Davey Bushnell's underwater machine. The Turtle, he calls it. The Turtle? I knew Bushnell at Yale. I can't recall much about the man other than stories that he exploded kegs of gunpowder on the Mill River. Like the one you're touching now? 150 pounds of powder fired by a gunlock. You see, you yank that there and then a watchwork timer, it ignites the magazine. Then you got 10 minutes to row away before it goes boom. My God. I thought that Sackett wouldn't let you touch this thing. Let's just say I grew on the b*st*rd. Yeah, I'm sure you did. How on earth do you navigate this while underwater? Ah, Ben Franklin suggested to Sackett to coat the gauges with foxfire. You know, from dead trees. So now the compass glows in the dark. And I'll be damned, Benny, but it works. All right. All right, well, I'm coming with you. Sorry, but it's a one-man craft. Tight as a fish's arsehole in there. You can ride along on the whaleboat if you like as it tows me into harbor, but once we get close... Wait, if there's only room for one, then how the hell do you get Abe back? I said it was myay into New York, Ben. Never said it was my way out. No, Caleb, I'm sorry. I can't let you do this alone. That's all right, Benny. 'Cause I ain't asking your permission. Our little spy ring might be done for, but Abe is still alive. And you know I'd do the same for you. So let's get that b*st*rd in the water. This, gentlemen, will be the last battle of the war. You mean for them or for us? Their ships will sail into the river and reinforce the garrison. Yes, I should hope so. Our main force will cross into Staten Island, march up its eastern coast, and with their fleet occupied, you will be free to cross the narrows into Brooklyn. It's precisely what Howe did not two years ago. I will take a good idea wherever it comes from. He did it in August, not the dead of winter. All the more reason they won't be expecting us. I assure you, the whole of the king's troops in New York does not exceed 3,500 men. How did you come by this intelligence? Are you certain it's accurate? Completely. ( whispers ) Because you risk the entire army. If you're not up to leading the men, Charles, then I will. Excuse me. Your Excellency. Marquis. Tell me, Lafayette, did Albany agree with you? I confess I never made it there. I was summoned to Boston instead. Who summoned you? Conrad Gérard, the new emissary from Versailles. I hope you expressed my deep regret at the loss of his predecessor as well as the vital intelligence he was carrying. That was not the purpose of the meeting, I assure you. He wished me to convey a message to you personally. King Louis has commenced negotiations with Messieurs Franklin and Adams of the American delegation. Negotiations? A treaty of alliance between France and the United States is imminent. The number of regulars taken prisoner at Saratoga, in particular, has earned King Louis' support and the admiration of Parliament. Man :  Fire! ( men cheering ) ( cannons firing ) Man :  Fire! ( men cheering ) ( cannons firing ) ( overlapping chatter ) Would you stand back, William? Two. Two. Two sons? All right, just stop. Back off, all right? Just back off. I can't breathe. If you want some counsel, you've just got to give me some room, all right? I'm dealing with this gentleman first. You, come here. All right, so, corruption of blood, do you know what that means? Man :  No. It means you cannot transfer your property to your sons before the British seize it. Man :  Corruption of blood? Now, do you have a brother that you can count on? He's the reason I'm here. All right, well, a cousin, a relative... Don't believe a word that comes out of this Tory b*st*rd's mouth. I'd rather be a Tory than a snitch, Gareth. Shut your gob, Gareth. Man 2 :  Shut it, Gareth. Boys! Boys, look! "King Louis to make treaty with illegal Congress." The French have joined. No, no. Where? Where? Where? Where? ( Man laughs ) Whatcha think of that, Woodhull? I think it changes everything... ( man laughs ) for your side. Peggy :  The French? Are you certain? General Gates fears the French will position their navy between here and New York, in which case we'll be cut off. He's ordered the army to evacuate Philadelphia. You're leaving? Well, New York has its charms. Not that I'm quite certain what they are. But I know we'll be happy there. We? I'm going with you. Your father will never abandon this city. John, I am going with you. You wish to elope? I wish to be with the man I love. I'll elope if I must. It will make you a stranger to your family. They will shun you. They will disown you. I don't care. They may abandon you, but I won't. Your husband will be your new family. Don't mind me. I'm just enjoying the show. How did you get in here? ( laughs ) Major Robert Rogers of the King's Rangers. And you would be, eh? Don't answer him. I'll wait upstairs. Ah. ( laughs ) John. Don't worry. He won't test me any further. He's smarter than he looks. Oh, this Philly filly ain't no common actress. I smell a secret. I find it hard to believe you can smell anything past yourself. Secrets can kill, you know, John. I have a license to kill anyone  who's seen the secrets on this piece of paper. Do you want to take a peek? Do you even know what this is, John? According to the letter I received from London, I'm assuming it's the property of our king stolen from his throne room by an American spy. And retrieved by me. What else has London told you? Only that I'm to verify the seal and witness you destroy it. And see that I'm paid, John. Ha! That part burns you just a wee bit, doesn't it? I received the letter four months ago. I wonder what took you so long to lay hand to it. Well, I'd explain it to you, but with your lack of field experience, I somehow doubt that you'd comprehend a lick. Let's get this over and done with. I want my payment in gold. I'm authorized to extend a line of credit. In gold. I'm off for the Northwest Passage. Far away from this army. Far away from this war. I somehow doubt that the emperors of the Orient will accept a letter of credit. Give us a day to collect the bullion. You can claim it at the customshouse. It does burn you, doesn't it? Good luck with your evacuation. ( Panting )  ( bird calling ) Robeson :  About bloody time. Was starting to think you weren't gonna turn up. Just 'cause we happen to be on your side of the sound, don't try and pawn your worthless dollars off on me again. I'm not risking my arse on this black market for the pleasure of it. Robeson? Major. What are you doing here? ( Whimpering ) I might ask you the same thing. Take me back to Setauket and we shall never speak of this again. Aye. Robeson :  Fancy the chances, eh, sir,  me finding you here. ( Buoy bell dinging ) ( whistling tune ) ♪ Oh, my son John was tall and slim ♪ 
♪ He had a leg for every limb ♪ 
♪ But now he's got no legs at all ♪ 
♪ For he run a race with a cannonball. ♪ There's not near enough air. Sorry, little fella, not enough air for the both of us now. All right. Down below. ( Wood creaking ) Oh, shite. Lordy. Uh, Lord... I know we haven't spoken in some time, but... ( creaking stops ) Appreciate it. ( Air hissing ) Sweet Lord. ( Hatch hisses ) Guard :  What on earth is that? Don't move! ( Whispers ) sh1t. ( Clears throat ) Uh... would this be York City? Surrender your vessel. ( Clears throat ) ( clicks, ticking ) ( chatter ) Thank you for coming, General. Would you care to sit? I'm fine as I am. Shall we toast the French? I think it they who should be toasting us. Providence is on our side, not the papists. We're all on the same side now. Well... providence favors the righteous. And the bold. Are we to carry out the attack on New York? Circumstances have changed. The enemy's as well as ours. Philadelphia will soon be recovered. And I wish you to serve as military commandant of the city. I've longed to drive them from the capital. House by house if need be. There shall be no such need. The regulars will soon be evacuating to New York within the week. And am I to pursue them? That task falls to the army in the field. 
 
 How long am I to remain in Philadelphia? How long? Well, surely you understand my concern. No, I'm afraid I don't. This is the promotion you've long sought. Who the hell am I going to fight from behind my glorious desk in Philadelphia? You know, the French wouldn't even be here if it weren't for my victory at Saratoga. And it was  my  victory, no matter what laurels General Gates lays at his own feet. This isn't about Gates. But he's behind this, isn't he? Gates or Lee. Or those Judases in Cgress. The decision is mine. You need more time to recuperate. You are a commander who joins the fray and engages the enemy personally. If you can't lead by example, your men will lose heart. The men are mindful of my leg, sir. But it gives them heart. It reminds them of victory and the sacrifice that victory requires. I can fight. Let me prove it to you. And I assure you that my glory will not detract from your own. It will only enhance it. This has nothing to do with glory. Says the glorified. Right, right. Guard : What the devil did you sail in? Well, the inventor, he called it an Infernal. And by God, was he right. I sent a man for rope. Perhaps we'll hang you with it. Doubt we'll have time for all that. What's that? Three, two, one. Guard 2 :  Yeah. Guard 3 :  What's that handle for? Shite. Guard 2 :  No, hold on. What did you think, the heavens would open up and spirit you away? It's been 10 minutes by my count. Although arithmetic was never my strong... ( groans ) - ( people clamoring ) ( horse neighing ) ( clamoring continues ) Man : I heard it from over there. Guard :  Take those men and look down that alley. Guard 2 :  This one's empty, Captain. Guard 3 :  You, head back. Search that stall. Guard 4 :  Keep looking... Thank you for visiting holy ground, Major. ( Woman moaning ) ( bed squeaking ) Don't stop. More. More. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. ( Sword rattles ) Shh. ( Music playing ) Guard :  Sir! ( wind whistling )  ( chatter, coughing ) Yates :  Mr. Woodhull. You have a visitor. You're going to wish you had confessed. Yates :  He don't look like much, sir,  but he's a snake in the grass. Thank you, Warden. I'll take it from here. ( Door closes ) Huh? ( Grunts ) Look at you. ( chuckles ) Look at those whiskers. Where the hell did yours go? Mine came off. ( laughs ) What are you doing here? What do you mean, what am I doing here? I'm here to save your bacon. You're walking out that door today, huh? Right through the city gates and all the way to Valley Forge. No. What? No. What do you mean, no? I mean you have to go. What? You have... shh. No. No. What, without you? They still think I'm a Loyalist. I've maintained innocence and my story. Abe, but... And when Hewlett gets traded back and he writes to them, that story will be intact. You have to go. Listen, Hewlett is dead. What? He's dead. Are you... Are you certain? Are you certain? I stood over his grave. ( sighs ) Now look, we rode out to Connecticut to free him, right? We did all we could. Washington even wrote the man a pardon, but it was too late. Now look, Culper is dead. But you don't have to be. Now let's get out of here. Come on. Come on. No. What are you doing? Abe... No, no, there is still a chance. Did you... did you not hear what I just said? If they were going to kill me, they would have done it already. This place, this prison is a business. All right? Yates gets a stipend for each person that's in here, but it's not enough to turn a profit. So for that, he relies on family gifts, bribes. Mary, she sends provisions, cutlery, guineas every week like clockwork. So if I die, so does his revenue, all right? I'm not even sure if he's told the commissary that I'm even a spy yet. Do you know what I had to do to get in here? What the hell are you doing? I didn't ask you to come here. I shaved off my beard for you, you ungrateful shite. Well, you missed a spot. What are you doing? Washington pardoned Hewlett. That means that he still holds out hope for me, for us. And now that the French have joined our cause, the British will relocate their headquarters to New York. Our operation is needed here now more than ever. Do you understand? Lower the knife. Now you listen to me, Woodhull. If you do make it out of here Tory bona fides and all, there is no way Samuel Culper can skulk around in New York in the future. That's why we need a man here. I've already told Ben about him. What, Townsley? Townsend. His name's Townsend. He owns a boardinghouse in the Bowery. I left my bag there before I was arrested. All right, slow down. Hidden in the bottom of it is a vial of invisible ink. You need to get that ink to him. You need to show him how to use it. What if he doesn't take it? You're gonna have to convince him. But I know this man. He is the answer to our problem. And Culper is not dead. Neither is our ring. It's just not completed yet. ( Clock ticking ) ( fire crackling ) I pray you've not been attending me this entire day, Mrs. Woodhull. It was no trouble. How do you feel? Oh, wretched. But I no longer despair. I never thought to have a roof over me. Never sleep in my own bed. It's good to be home. Richard. Glad to see you, old friend. I'm so sorry that you got caught up in all of this, Richard. You and your family. You have nothing to apologize for. We recovered from it as will you. And now, if there's anything I can do to be of service... You already have. You've kept the town running in my stead. Well, it wasn't just me. No doubt young Abraham was helpful, too. Abraham remains in New York. What? I take it his studies are going well. He's been in prison this whole time. They say he's been spying. But I know that this is some kind of misunderstanding. Indeed there is, Mrs. Woodhull. He was operating under my sanction. Have you not communicated with the authorities, Richard? As a father, I feared my testimony would be perceived as biased. Fortunately the major has no such bias. I will write to his jailers and order them to release him. But there is another matter that I must attend to first now that I've recovered some strength. ( Carriage wheels rattling ) ( horse neighs ) I was thinking of taking some of Mr. Franklin's inventions  as mementos from my time here. Is that really necessary, John? What better memento could you have of this place than a wife? Something the matter? Not for me. It's for General Arnold. I would think he'd be crowing about the French. To the contrary. He seems melancholic. "I do not relish the coming of spring. I would prefer the hardships of the field to the comforts of the city. Yet if glory is beyond my grasp, my sole consolation will be to resume our acquaintance and cast my eyes upon you on a daily basis." They're giving him Philadelphia. He's coming here? John, what's wrong? This could be a blessing in disguise. Margaret... Why are you calling me that? I need you to remain here. To befriend Arnold and make an introduction to me. Remain here? I... I thought we were going to be together. We shall be. And with the blessing of your father. The man who contrives the defection of Arnold will be lauded,  hailed as the savior of the colonies. I'll be given land and title, all the things your father thinks I lack. What if Benedict Arnold doesn't want my friendship? I suppose there's a first time for everything. I mean, what if he wants something more? Peggy, you are an expert in the art of fending off an ardent suitor. And you can look to your father for help. If he found my pedigree lacking, I can only imagine what he would think of an apothecary's son. Peggy... don't you understand? We wouldn't have to elope. Make me a man you can marry and your father will give me your hand. Planning to sketch me? Trying to commit you to memory. You have drawings of me, but I have nothing to remember you by. My great-great-grandmother was forbidden to marry the man she loved, yet they ended up together. Then there is precedent. She wed him in secret. They were Quakers. They didn't require a meetinghouse or a clergyman, just a simple vow such as we are married. And it wouldn't matter that there were no witnesses, for the only ones needed to be... We are married. If you'll have me, that is. Yes, we are married. ( Wind whistling ) ( horse neighing ) ( lock clicks ) ( Birds screeching ) Anna :  I'm sorry, we've closed. ( silverware clinking ) I've just returned from a long journey. I'm in need of a drink. Where is the major? Perhaps you should be seated. He didn't return? I did my best, Mrs. Strong. The brutes murdered Hewlett before we arrived. ( Crying ) My sole consolation was meting out the same rough treatment they'd given him. I even sustained this wound. ( Sobbing ) I'm here to console you if you so require. You're not alone. Good evening, Mrs. Strong. I thought you were lost. I feared for you, too. Major. This is... Somewhat of a surprise? I did everything I could to rescue you, as my men will attest. I have no doubt of it. But I outwitted the rebels and escaped. Were you injured, Captain? Was it the young rebel lieutenant? An adversary of no consequence. Hmm. Well, it is a pity that you sustained an injury. I do hope that it didn't cut too deeply. Mrs. Strong, I have come to escort you back to Whitehall. That is, if you are ready to travel. I'll gather my things. ( Metal squeaking ) Man :  "Whereas Major Rogers hath demonstrated inestimable valor in service to His Majesty...  and whereas he hath proven himself a steadfast servant, loyal and humble, in securing the king's realms, and whereas he... " Just get on with it. Your king is waiting. Northwest passage ain't gonna discover itself. As you wish. Your mission must remain a secret. You may collect your reward. Right through there. How about you get it for me? Hmm? Very well. - ( Screaming ) It's me! ( blows landing ) ( blows landing ) ( men grunting ) ( punching, grunting continue ) ( thuds ) ( blows stop ) ( dragging ) ( groans ) Who is the coward behind this? Was it André? You wouldn't dare hatch this on your own, you pissant! On whose orders? The... The king. ( Knife clatters ) ♪ Oh, Father dear ♪ 
♪ You've seven sons ♪ 
♪ You may wed them all the morrow ♪ 
♪ For the fairest flower ♪ 
♪ Among them all ♪ 
♪ Was pulled the day on Yarrow. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 