Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - The Prodigal - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - The Prodigal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=18616 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/02/15 12:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - The Prodigal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Previously on TURN: Washington's Spies. 
 Without Hewlett's word, Abe will hang. 
 I will write to his jailers, and order them to release him. 
 Townsend, his name's Townsend. 
 You need to get that ink to him, you need to show him how to use it. 
 Philadelphia will soon be recovered. 
 And I wish you to serve as military Commandant of the city. 
 I need you to remain here. 
 To defend Arnold, and make an introduction to me. 
 'Tis a pity that you sustained an injury, I do hope that it didn't cut too deeply. 
 ( Seagulls screeching ) 
 ( squeaking ) 
 ( panting ) 
 ( rope creaking ) 
 ( horse neighs ) 
 ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ Know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪ 
  ♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ 
 ( Crowd murmuring ) 
 Sir, it looks like a suicide note. 
 Did anyone see Ensign Norwich last night? 
 I saw him in the tavern at suppertime, sir. 
 He had sentry duty last night in front of the garrison. 
 No one saw him saddle a horse, throw a rope over the gallows and attach himself to it not 30 feet from where you lay snoring in your tents? 
 It was a dark night, sir. 
 A dark night breeds dark thoughts. 
 As I recall, the poor man always did suffer from a melancholic temperament. 
 ( Men snickering ) 
 You do not seem much surprised  or for that matter disturbed, Captain. 
 Oh, but I am. Disturbed. 
 I just hope his despair isn't contagious. 
 There's so few of you as it is. 
 My condolences, Major. 
 ( Woman gasps ) 
 ã2 and four shillings. 
 I had ã4, 12 shillings in my pocket when I was arrested. 
 Major Hewlett will be expecting an accurate accounting of my expenses upon my return. 
 Then as a gesture of good faith, I'll make up the balance. 
 Out of my own pocket, mind you. 
 Where it went to begin with. 
 A good bit of luck, your major escaping when we were this close to hanging you. 
 Thank you for your hospitality, Mr. Yates. 
 I won't forget you. 
 ( Door closes ) 
 Mind your eyes, child. Come. 
 I'd been after Townsend for months to sell the place. 
 Not a flicker of interest. 
 Then out of the blue, he tracks me down and offers to sell it on the spot. 
 Ha, set his price and gives me all of a minute to think it over. 
 And you haven't heard from him since? 
 Not a peep. 
 And I have no idea where to find him either. 
 You sure he didn't leave word? 
 What's the name again? 
 Woodhull. Abraham Woodhull. 
 Oh, yes. 
 Well, he didn't leave word, but he did leave this. 
 My bill. 
 Look at the bright side. 
 If you don't know where he is, you can't very well pay him, can you? 
 Will this get me a room long enough to clean up? 
 I'll even throw in a razor. 
 Mrs. Strong, might I have a word? 
 It regards a matter that concerns you. 
 Since it presumably does not concern me, I will find somewhere quieter to read. 
 Have I offended him in some way? 
 Not you, me. 
 By my very presence. 
 Richard has never gotten over the... enmity he bore my family. 
 Sins of the father shall not be visited upon his children. 
 Which reminds me, I have received another communication from Major André concerning your ward Cicero. 
 Another gift from his mother? 
 No, he wants the boy to join them in New York when they return from Philadelphia. 
 I've written him repeatedly about Simcoe and all I receive in return is a letter concerning a slave boy. 
 What's wrong? 
 ( Crying ) 
 It will be wonderful for them to be reunited. 
 Yes, of course. 
 Unfortunately, due to the present situation in town, I cannot spare any men to accompany the boy. 
 Does this situation have something to do with the suicide? 
 It wasn't a suicide, was it? 
 Simcoe. 
 It was Simcoe. 
 Apparently he wasn't content with engineering my capture and imprisonment. 
 I knew it. 
 I felt it. 
 The way his men laughed. 
 He seems to treat violence like a game. 
 And now he's trying to goad me into open war. 
 If it is a game, perhaps it's one you can beat him at. 
 What if I could find a way to get Cicero safely to New York and also take one of Simcoe's key players off the board? 
 ( Bangs ) 
 Miss Anna! 
 Cicero. 
 How are you? Are you all right? 
 Yes. 
 Is DeJong working you too hard? 
 Just usual. 
 I've been lighting that candle every night just like you said. 
 Thank you. 
 I, uh... I have news. 
 Your mother's employer, Major André, wants you to join them in New York. 
 That's right. 
 It's so good to see you, Jordan. 
 Akinbode. 
 I ain't your slave no more, so don't call me by my slave name. 
 She didn't mean anything by it, Jordan. 
 I mean, A... Akin... 
 Akinbode. It's all right, boy. It's all right. 
 Akinbode. 
 I'm sorry if I offended you. 
 I realize I have no right to presume a friendship between us, but I need to ask a favor from you. 
 Cicero has the chance to be with his mother,  but Major Hewlett can't spare any soldiers to take him to New York. 
 So I thought... 
 You see this? 
 You see this, hmm? 
 Captain Simcoe can't spare me neither. 
 Counts on me to keep the men in line. 
 Could you at least ask him? 
 There's no one else I'd trust with Cicero's safety. 
 And I'm sure his mother would be very grateful as well. 
 That's right. 
 And you like her, too, Jordan. 
 I mean, Akin... Akinbo... He's gonna say no. But I'll try. That's all I ask. Thank you. __ Whoa! ( Grunts ) Here you go. Thank you. Here you go. Ho, hup. Hyah! Man : Sand both sides of the burr. Is this Samuel Townsend's place? Yes, sir. Samuel :  Abraham! ( chuckles ) Oh! Oh, it is so good to see you. Well, as much as I can see you. ( chuckles ) Looks nasty. Oh, yes. Are you all right? A doctor tells me it's better than it was. The corollary alas being it still feels worse than it is. What happened here? The war, Abraham. In all its petty ugliness and incidental brutality. Soldiers did this? A band of jolly fellows in forest green. They burst in a couple of weeks back demanding fresh horses to replace their sick nags. And when I had the temerity to ask for payment, they laughed and then they torched my stables to bring the lesson home. And therein this sad affair finds its silver lining. Robert? Robert saw this? ( laughing ) Yes. Yes. And it lit a fire in him that made this one seem a feeble candle. He left saying he was going to find Woodhull and get justice. Well, he... he never came to visit me while I was in prison. Well, he said he was going to send you a message that only you can read. He used the ink. He used the ink. ( Chuckles ) Oh, Robert. Well, all right, how do we read it? No, I have to get back to my farm, apply a reagent. Thank you, Samuel. Before you go, ahem, let me ask you a favor. Look after Robert. We both encouraged him to take this plunge, but... ( chuckles nervously ) ...he's my only son. And somewhat selfishly, I suppose, I can't imagine my life going on without him. I'll do my best to protect him, I promise. __ Well, I think that William has grown into a fine young man. He could make someone an excellent husband. Someone, perhaps, who is not his first cousin. Oh, what better evidence of character than someone you've known and grown up with? Far better than some military adventurer. It's a shame, so many of the best families  deserting us for New York now that the rebels have taken over. I hope you're not considering it, Judge Shippen. Of course not. I'll not abandon my house again  just because some rabble... ( crowd shouting ) ( Horse neighs ) Oh, God. ( Shouting continues ) Man : Tory scum! ( Banging ) Charles! Charles, turn us around! ( Shouting continues ) ( shouts ) Traitors! What do they want? Us, it seems. ( Horse neighs ) ( shouting continues ) You there, away from the carriage. Disperse. Back away from the coach! You, get down. ( Screams ) There is to be no destruction of property or any threat against any citizen of Philadelphia  by my orders as military commandant. We are better than them. If your blood is up, then pour that feeling into a celebration of our great victory. A celebration of America! ( Cheering ) Mr. Shippen. Major General Benedict Arnold at your service, sir. You once graciously hosted me at your table. I... oh, yes. I remember. If you'll allow, sir, I will personally see you safely into your home. Why, I thank you, sir. Your daughter Margaret, I presume. Even lovelier than I recall. General. Delighted to make your acquaintance again, Miss Shippen. __ Shoulder. Firelocks. Poise. Take aim. Remember, aim as one. Fire as one. See them run. Fire. ( Guns click ) Half-cock firelocks. Handle... Bradford :  Our latest reports put Clinton here  on the road between Haddonfield and Mount Holly. Some 10,000 men, 1,500 wagons strung out for miles along a single road to avoid being picked off by our marksmen. It gives us a remarkable opportunity. So you suggest we attack? Yes, sir. We don't even have to engage the main army. Just bloody their rear enough to slow them, let the French fleet cut them off before New York. Then we squeeze the bastards till they beg for mercy. Language, Mr. Bradford. Gentlemen do not curse. At least in this army. Your man seems hot to engage, General. Surprising given that you yourself have always been the voice of caution in these councils. Are you truly of the same mind? Your suspicion is warranted, sir. Too often I have urged restraint, forgetting that the risk of inaction can outweigh that of defeat. Allow me to say, sir, that I have learned from your boldness. At Trenton, at Princeton, and even more so here at Valley Forge. We fought no battles at Valley Forge to my recollection. On the contrary, sir. You fought the greatest battle of all. Preserving this army through its dark winter so that we might now have this chance to take the fight to the enemy. For that reason, I owe you my humble respect and an apology for ever doubting your leadership. ( Chopping wood ) ( whispering ) Sir. I'm sorry, sir. He won't see you. Does he still hold me in such contempt he won't even meet my eye? Wait. I never done this before, talk behind his back, but he been through some rough times and I worry about him. Well, what is it, Billy? The general, he just gave General Lee half the army. Gonna go attack the redcoats while they retreat. Half the army? Are you sure? Didn't hear it with my own ears, I wouldn't have believed it myself. I know you don't trust that man, and I don't neither. But the general, I think he was fooled by his apology. Lee apologized? You were right to tell me this, Billy. But whatever you do, don't tell anyone else. Whoa. Here you go. Thanks. Right. So long. Move on. Eastin :  You, halt! Woodhull? Mr. Eastin. You gentlemen out for a nice afternoon ride? The major told me to keep an eye out for you. Ah. Seems he still has me doing the same job. Well, practice makes perfect. You think that's funny? I didn't think it as funny when I found myself waiting for days in Brooklyn  only to learn that you'd been thrown in jail for spying. Now, instead of going straight home, you've come here. Why? Well, I'm thinking of rebuilding, but it's none of your business. Unless I make it my business. ( Horse neighs, snorts ) Simcoe : Woodhull. Welcome home. Is Eastin here giving you any trouble? Not at all. We're just about to escort Mr. Woodhull home. Why don't we accompany each other? I think I can manage to make it home by myself. Maclnnis, give the man your horse. Captain, I never had the chance to properly welcome you back to Setauket. If you ever have an opening in your ranks... You've chosen your side. You're Hewlett's man now and bound to his fate. Simcoe : Here he is. The prodigal returns safely to the bosom of his family. Abraham. Are you all right? I'm all right. ( Abraham murmurs ) Say hi to your dad. Hi, Sprout. All right. Wait. ( Chatter ) Tell Lafayette we need his battalions ready to march by 4:00. Wayne is to follow two hours later. Meet us at Coryell's Ferry. So you wish to serve under General Lee? I do. And I have four troops of dragoons provisioned and ready to ride. I thought you were Washington's man. Was his man, but now yours leads the fight and Washington brings up the rear. By the time he arrives, you may well have won the day. I always figured you for a glory hound, Tallmadge. Just like that fool Arnold. Look, I know we've had our differences in the past, Bradford, and I apologize for any disrespect I may have shown to you or to General Lee. Now we can put that behind us and band together to fight the real enemy... King George's footmen. Now I know you have plenty of infantry and cannon, but hardly any horse. My dragoons can be anywhere on the battlefield they're needed, whether it's to harass Clinton's flanks or to punch holes through his lines. And we're damn good scouts as well. You'll be serving under my direct command, is that clear? It is... sir. Miss Shippen. I am so pleased that you could come. I was happy to, if only to thank you again for your intervention with that mob. Of course. Did you see the house? I did. It's Ben Franklin's place. I'm told the officer recently quartered here absconded with many of his paintings and inventions. Clearly a man of little honor. Unless he was trying to protect them. General... Benedict, please. And I hope that I may call you Margaret as I did when we corresponded. Of course. Though my friends call me Peggy. Then we are to be friends? I hope so. I confess that is not all I hope for. No? I have long carried a memory of you as a budding, lively young girl. But the woman I saw in the carriage... the woman who now stands before me, you have bloomed, become a vision. Forgive me. I am no poet. Merely a warrior. A warrior whose wounds have made him question a life devoted solely to the quest for glory. But your letters have shown me a different path. And now the sight of you only affirms it. You say you're not a poet, sir, but that was poetry if ever I heard it. The sentiments that you conveyed in your letters, were they merely a courtesy? Or do they express your true feelings? Why... well, yes, I... Let's be married straightaway. Married? This house will suit us for now, but I will soon build us one of our own. A mansion even grander than Washington's. Sir, that's... Did you know that my previous wife was named Margaret as well? To lose one Margaret only to gain another. Now if that does not show that providence has... General! I cannot be married to you. But why not? I thought you... Yes, yes, I have feelings for you. Feelings that could grow. But this is Philadelphia. There are conventions. First and foremost, obtaining my father's approval. Yes, you're right. Of course. And I'm afraid he may draw conclusions that don't help your cause if I'm away too long. He sounds like a formidable man. Many would agree with you. I doubt he is more formidable than General Johnny Burgoyne. When I surrounded him at Saratoga, he had no choice but to yield to my demands. ( Soft laugh ) ( birds calling ) Finally. I thought he'd never fall asleep. It's too much excitement for one day. He'll sleep soundly now, though. He's had his fill. He'll sleep soundly because his father's home. I did a lot of thinking in prison. About my future. Our future. I think it's time I rebuild our farm. I just want things to go back to the way they were. The way things were? When you kept a codebook and a pistol beneath the floorboards? I learned my lesson in New York. From now on, I'm staying here. I'm staying right here. There's no reason for me to go back into the city. My work for Washington is behind me now. Don't lie. It only makes you ill. When this is over, I have a special job for you. I want you to track Abraham Woodhull. Track him? Follow him. At a distance so he's never aware of your presence. I want to know where he goes day and night. He's just a farmer. Shouldn't be a problem. No, sir. I can track him just fine. It's just I was hoping maybe you could give me a few days' leave. Leave? Miss Anna, she asked me to take that tavern boy Cicero to New York to be with his mama. I see. Maclnnis or Tanner, they could follow the farmer. They're both good trackers. Quite keen on going, aren't you, to make a request like this with me. Is it purely for the boy's sake? Yes, sir. I can always tell when a man is lying to me, Akinbode. Tell me the true reason. Abigail, isn't it? I saw her recently in Philadelphia. Are you in love with her? In love? Remember, I can spot a lie. I... I guess I love her. "I hate... and I love. Why I do so, perhaps you ask. I know not, but I feel it. And I am in torment." A bit of ancient wisdom for you to mull on your journey. Ah, here we go. You're late. Shall we do this or not? I'm curious why you requested this parley. I would think it would be obvious. Typically each side must prove that the other has something to lose by continuing the conflict. Allowing two British parties to bloody each other further wouldn't be good for either of us. I'm sorry, have you seen any blood? Nor will you. Even as I whittle down your force man by man until you agree to my terms. What terms? I want you to resign your commission and leave Setauket. ( laughs ) I am sorry about your horse. It's a shame a dumb animal had to die so I could have revenge on my former captors. You killed Bucephalus? Mmm. And pinned the blame on Caleb Brewster's uncle. As I did with Benjamin Tallmadge's father for the shooting of the magistrate. You, in your pompous need to play the stern father to the Crown's wayward children, swallowed all of it. Like a French whore swallows a man right down to his root. I don't have to sink to your level to beat you, John. I just have to wait. For someone to ride to the rescue? For you to destroy yourself,  just like you did in the rebel siege. Despite your pretense of control, you can only contain your inner beast for so long. And the next time it lashes out, I will be ready with all the excuse I need to put you down like the mad dog that you are. That same beast you decry is what will always give me the edge. For I'm willing to do what you are not.  ( Wind howling )  ( Creatures calling ) ( metal squeaking ) ( door creaks ) Be careful, you'll rip it. Rip what? This. A bill? No. Intelligence from Robert Townsend. I just need the reagent to see what it says. You gave him the invisible ink before you were imprisoned? No, Caleb gave it to him. Caleb? Yeah, he smuggled himself into New York disguised as a British colonel to rescue me, only I didn't want to be rescued. I wanted Robert Townsend and now we have him. I spent the last month trying to contact Ben and Caleb and hearing nothing. I thought they had abandoned us. The British are pushing back all the way to New York. They'll need us now more than ever. I thought this Townsend already refused you. He changed his mind after Simcoe and his Rangers torched his father's stables. That man is so keen on hunting rebels, but all he does is create new ones. Well, he may live to regret this one. Let's see what Culper Jr. Has to say. Robert's voice :  "To my erstwhile draughts opponent, I hesitate to write your name even with the sympathetic stain your man Brewster has provided, as I am new to the secrecy this work requires and am already finding myself unwilling to put my full trust in anyone or anything. I have realized with harsh clarity that one cannot turn from the injustice of this occupation, for it will come home. So I have made certain changes to my business interests. I've sold my boardinghouse and used the proceeds to buy into an establishment more popular with the senior players in both the military and the government." ( men laughing ) Robert's voice :  "Call it beginner's luck or a higher authority lending his blessing, but I have learned of something that you must know right away, for I fear for our cause should it come to pass." It concerns a plot against Washington himself. We have to get this to Caleb right away. Didn't you hear me before? I set a signal out every night and have yet to hear from him. I left another signal at Huntington on my way back. It was something we figured out in New York so he'd know if and when I was freed. Caleb's probably already waiting at the drop. We have to get this to him before the sun comes up. ( Door creaks ) Who's Caleb? Seems Captain Simcoe was right. You were up to something. No. What's that in your hand? Give it! Look at this. They're spies. Here we are, Tanner, hunting all over Long Island, hunting for traitors, and all along they've been right under our noses. Now, where's this Caleb? There isn't any more... ( Anna gasps ) No. ( Abraham groans ) ( breathing heavily ) ( groans ) Stop it! Why? ( Whimpers ) No... You want to tell us something, hmm? Easy. Easy. If you're sweet on her, I suggest you start talking while she still has that pretty face. Caleb is our contact in the Continental Army. Abe, no. Shut up! Where do you meet him? Show us. ( birds calling ) Isn't that sweet? ( Whispers ) Take it. ( Branch snaps ) ( grunts ) And all the rats come out of the barrel. All in all, a good night's work, huh? Maybe the captain will reward us for this. Maybe promote us over that stinkin' African. Tanner :  Hog-tied. Don't look like a bad idea. ( Groans ) Let Tanner have a go, huh? No, don't hurt him! You want we should go gentle? Then do likewise. Now... give us a kiss. Take him out. That's it. That's it. That's it. ( Shrieks ) ( Screams ) ( Anna screaming ) ( screams ) Abe! Abe!  Abe! I'm trying! Abe, now! ( Shouts ) ( gasping ) ( Anna shrieks ) ( gun clicks ) ( gunshot echoes ) Hurry. Come here. Come here. ( Groaning ) Right, you two, in the boat now. Caleb, what happened to your beard? It was tickling the ladies, Annie. Let's get out of here. No. You're taking two passengers, but not us. You'll row them out, you drop them in the sound. Abe, you can't just... Simcoe sent them specifically to track you. If they go missing, you'll be the first suspect. Unless... unless it looks like someone got to them first. Now it's obvious that the Rangers and the redcoats are at each other's throats. You'll just set up a whole war right here in Setauket.  There'll be more blood. Well, at least it's not ours. What are you talking about? All right, this'll do. All right. I can help you plant that. No, you need to take this to Ben and Washington now. It's from Townsend. It may mean the war. What? Really? Read it on the way. Let's get this cargo in the boat. Help me with this guy. Jesus. ( Abraham grunting ) All right, all right. Put him down. Jesus. All right, let's get these in there. ( Loud breathing ) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 