Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x03 - Benediction - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x03 - Benediction https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=27106 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/10/16 08:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x03 - Benediction 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Major Hewlett : One can't be too careful  when dealing with spies. 
 announcer : Previously, on "Turn: Washington's Spies". 
 Sit down! 
 (screaming)  Go! 
 Your man in New York's got some intelligence coming your way. 
 Reverend Worthington, that dirty preacher. 
 (groaning) 
 Major Andre's informed me of a spy operating out of Long Island. 
 Abraham : We have found a way to frame a certain Tory, who lives in Rocky Point. 
 And once Simcoe is dead, Hewlett is next. 
 It's me or him. 
 All right, oars up. 
 Welcome to Rocky Point, boys. 
 Bring her in. 
 (men chattering) 
 Another one. 
 Got it. 
 What now? 
 We go visit an old friend. 
 Come on. 
 Our target lives in the hamlet known as Rocky Point. 
 He's a former resident of Setauket using his wealth and standing to masquerade as a Tory, hiding in plain sight. 
 Today we rein in this traitor quietly poisoning the countryside. 
 His name is Samuel Culper. 
  (door bursts open) 
 (screams) 
 Don't move! Don't move! 
 Don't move! 
 (guns cocking) 
 Caleb Brewster? 
 Hello, Beekman. 
 You men will leave with me. 
 The rest of the unit will keep their posts. 
 We shall return after daybreak tomorrow. 
 Sir, all this for one man? 
 Kill a Queen's Ranger? Are you insane? 
 A touch. But I wouldn't worry yourself about this one. 
 He'll be dead before he knows what hit him. 
 I imagine it will be quite the surprise for him. 
 Fall out! 
 (Robert growls) 
 Ah. 
 Dead man marching. 
 ♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I know there will come a day ♪ 
♪ As they're hiding in the cover of night ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ 
 (distant horse whinnies) 
 (carriage approaches) 
 (horse whinnies) 
 (horse whinnies) 
 (birds screeching) 
 (footsteps approach) Anna :  He'll be back home soon. I've never spent a night away from Thomas. You must think I'm foolish. A mother's concern is never foolish. In fact, your sensibility is why I'm here. I need your help. I'm doing everything I can to broker a truce between Abraham and Major Hewlett. I doubt that can be done. But I've done it, Mary. Nearly, that is. Hewlett has agreed to let you, Abe, and Thomas leave Setauket unharmed. But Abe has no plans to honor this agreement. In fact, he plans to betray it and murder Hewlett. The major is using me as collateral against my husband. Forgive me if my sympathy for him is lacking. I'm not appealing to your sympathy. Abe has no plans to leave even after the deed is done. He is determined to stay and continue his work for Washington no matter how much danger it puts him in or you or Thomas. Reason with him, Mary. He won't listen to me anymore. Perhaps he'll listen to you. I believe in Abraham. And I have faith that he will protect us. If you don't share that belief, maybe it's you who should leave Setauket. Maybe that's what's best for everyone. (sawing) (men chattering) Reverend. Morning. Ah, Benjamin. Will you be traveling along with the camp? No, no, I'm off to Fairfield. What, New Jersey? Yeah, the good Reverend Martin has been ministering to my home church in my stead. He hasn't been paid in quite some time. Riding out after the morning benediction to see it done. That means you'll be crossing through no man's land. That's far too dangerous. I can't abandon my duties because the road is rough. Reverend, you haven't read the scouting reports. Tory cowboys hunt for men traveling alone. Let me send an escort along with you. I've made the trip before, my son. Don't worry. I'll be back before the camp reaches Middle Brook. Now, let's begin with the words of salm 23. "The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures.  He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil for Thou art with me." (whickers, snorts) (door opens) Anything? Not yet. The men are patrolling the main route into town and they're to report to me any news of Simcoe's return. Or lack thereof. I know this is difficult, waiting, but try not to worry. I have faith we'll hear the right news. It's not that. It's... I never gave you an answer when we spoke before about your proposal. Oh. I understand. I know these things take time. I have considered it. And I do wish to marry you. Oh. But if we are to live as husband and wife, it can't be here in Setauket. But you... you live here. What's this? It's from my husband. From Selah. He's in Philadelphia now and wishes to remarry. He's arranged to purchase a divorce and has asked me to sign. The truth is I received this weeks ago and I've been busy pretending I didn't. But now with things as they are between you and me, I just... I can't... He's asking you to assume the fault. And to confess to committing adultery with Abraham Woodhull. Well, we will not concede to this blackmail. Selah Strong is a traitor to the Crown and we can petition the magistrate for a divorce on the grounds of desertion. Judge Woodhull despises me. No, not at all. He holds me in no favor. And the truth is I did commit adultery. And I won't allow my shame to become yours. Anna, nothing you can do can cause me to feel shame. Nothing. If you truly mean that... you'll go away with me. Where? To your home. To Scotland. But you'd still be married. We'd be guilty of bigamy. That wouldn't follow us across the ocean. We can start a new life together. This is our chance, Edmund. Then we shall seize it. (birds screeching) (horse snorts) You've strayed from the path, Reverend. Benjamin. What are you doing here? We received word that you were a traitor, but now I have the proof. Proof? Oh, no, this... this isn't what... let me... let me explain. Explain what? How you were paid by Royal Governor Tryon and Mayor Mathews to spy on our camp? No. No? Well, perhaps the contents of that letter can clear things up, eh? Why not read it to me? Read the letter. (stuttering) "I write to you with important information about Washington's movements. The main army, consisting of the Virginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania brigades... is moving to Middle Brook near the Bridgewater Township." Why? Why do this, hmm? Why, for politics? For money? As an act of grace. I minister to the sick and dying every day. I see their agony while I pray for their deliverance. Washington is a fool. (gunshot) (gasping) (groaning) (gasping) Arnold :  General Howe left this place a pigsty. Holes in the floorboards. Garbage in the cellar. Flies everywhere. I've restored her to her former glory. As I did Philadelphia. Hmm, the spoils of war. She's quite the prize. I only hope to provide for Peggy as well as her father has. Benedict, you need not worry yourself to impress my family. Oh, I'm not sure I agree. As the eldest sister, I must assure our youngest is in good hands. You must forgive Betsy. She takes her responsibilities very seriously. As she should. And I concur with you, Elizabeth. I want nothing but the best for my exoneration. Exoneration? From what? From the baseless charges that Joseph Reed sought to tar me with. General Washington advised me to apply for a court-martial to clear my name once and for all, and, mercy, was he right. The slanders were referred to a committee headed by William Paca and he saw fit to dismiss them all. How fortunate for you. Fortune favors the bold, sir...  (door opens) ...and smiles upon the righteous. I sent Paca a case of Bourgogne to thank him. I'm even feeling generous enough to invite the Honorable Mr. Reed, to dinner tonight.  (door closes) Sir, Major Edward Burd has arrived. Neddy? Neddy. Arnold :  As I said, we have much to celebrate. An exoneration and a homecoming. I can't thank you enough, Betsy. During the darkest days of my captivity, your letters kept me going. How long will you be joining us? Indefinitely. General Arnold interceded with Washington  to grant me a furlough from his staff  so I might finish my recuperation at home. I think you will find the restorative powers of the Shippen ladies to be quite an elixir. (Neddy chuckles) Neddy. How... when did you manage this? I will move the heavens for you. (Abe humming) (hammering) It's a shame I can't remember, isn't it, Sprout, huh? You know, your grandfather used to sing that to me and your uncle before bed. And you wouldn't think it to look at him, but he actually had quite a nice voice. You want to build the house? Yeah? Come on. Come on. Give it a go. See this nail right here? Give it a whack. Go on. There you go. A little harder, like this. Right? There you go. (grunts) (horse neighs) There you go. (clears throat) Any word on Simcoe? He set off this morning. We won't hear for some time. All right. But... whatever happens, I've just come here to tell you that you don't have to worry about the major. No, we're not talking about this. You told me to make a choice. I have. There's no one coming for you, Abe. You really think I'd do that? All right, then. Why don't I have to worry? Because we're going to be married, Edmund and I, in England. He'll resign his post here, then we'll leave from New York. So you don't have to kill him because he'll be gone. What are you doing? Anna. I just told you. Why? You wouldn't listen before. Why should I explain it now? What about the ring, hmm? Townsend signals through the "Gazette." I'm no longer needed. What about... what about us? There is no us, Abe. You saw to that. Oh, I saw to that? What, are you doing this just to spite me? Is that what it is? No. - You'd marry a man out of spite? It's not about spite. Well, what is it about, then? Love? Why... do you love him? I love him enough... to save his life. (grunts) That's no way to treat a man of God, Tallmadge. (gun cocks) No need to move. You're fine there. Gamble? So you do know my name. Spares me the introduction. Tell me, Major, what did your lot do with that fool Shanks? Hang him? Enlist him? You were the reverend's contact. So he was working for André. We were supposed to meet today, actually. Looks like you spared me that introduction as well. Move to shore. Slow and steady. That's far enough. Turn around. Now kneel down. I am an officer in the Continental Army. Protocol dictates... (grunts) 
 
 (playing) (men chattering) I bet you never tell your wife about the old days, do you, Beekman? No? When you were the terror of Setauket. No? Oh, he used to put cow pies in mine and Abe and Ben's food. Used to beat up on us just 'cause he was bigger and he could. Well, little Caleb Brewster here, he ain't so small anymore, is he? (muffled shouting) (gasps) Caleb, please. Whatever I did, it was a long time ago. We were young. I was rowdy and... And you were an arsehole and you still are. (muffled screaming) Caleb :  Hey! Settle down, you. What? Just trying to have a bit of fun. Caleb :  Yeah, well, I need you able and ready,  not messing with the ladies, all right? Can't have you going off like last time. It might be a while before Simcoe gets here. I've got to pass the time somehow. You listen here. I'm only gonna say this once. I had my chance with Simcoe before, all right? But the b*st*rd slipped through my fingers. That won't be happening again. Still not used to all the quiet in the house. It's so strange not having Thomas here. I hope Abraham is all right with him alone on the farm. Perhaps Abraham should have considered that before he betrayed us all. He'll do fine. How do you know that? Because I raised him on my own. Abe and his brother after my wife passed. Look how well that turned out. I've heard rumblings there's a room available at Strong Manor. When exactly will you be depriving us all of your presence? Richard, please. I'll be damned if I let this harlot speak to me in that manner in my own house. You will address her with respect, sir. And if you cannot manage to do that, then that will be our friendship ended. Why are you defending her? Because, sir, she is to be my wife. (laughs) Is this true? Anna : Yes, it is. We're to be married as soon as possible. Congratulations. I hope that you two will find happiness together. Thank you, Mary. She makes me more happy than you can imagine. So you've gone hand in hand with the enemy once again. What are you talking about? - Abraham. You've made some sort of pact with him, haven't you? What? I give up my own son as a traitor to stop my grandson following in his footsteps, only now the boy is back with his father who walks free. Why? Because he's gifted you this woman?  (chair scrapes) That is enough, Richard. This has nothing to do with Abraham. You've only got yourself to blame on that account. If you'd have told me what you knew sooner, then none of this would have happened. (utensils clatter) Excuse me.  (door slams) (exhales) We're not leaving.  (door slams) What? We'll stay here in Setauket and be married here. Edmund, please. I don't care what Richard or anyone else says. I love you for who you are and for all that you are. And I want the world to know it. No. No, you can't stay. We can't stay. What, because of your reputation? Because... because of the danger. B-because of Simcoe. Yes, and that is being taken care of. You don't know that. I am done running, Anna. If not for you, I would have fled as soon as I came back from Connecticut. But you gave me the strength to stay on. It would be wrong of me to now encourage you to flee from your home, especially when I'm capable of keeping you safe here. Now, write your husband  and tell him that you agree to his terms of divorce and then we'll be married immediately. Though we will surely have to find another magistrate to do it. (horse snorts)  (owl hooting) (whimpering) (bird calling) (bird calling) (clicks) (horse whickers) (horses approach) (whispers) Wait till they get to the front door. (metal rattling) Rangers out back. What? Sons of whores. No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. (gunshot) (horses whinnying) (groaning) (groans) (cocks rifle) (groans) Back to the shore! (groans) All right, next volley, fire and then we run. On the way back to the beach, you, then me. You ready? (clicks) (gunshot) Run, you b*st*rd. Run! Don't let him get to the shore! (gunshot) Take cover! Look to the rear. Psst. Simcoe whispering : Flank him, carefully. (rifle cocks)  (music playing) Neddy endured deplorable conditions during his captivity and braved them with distinction. Betsy :  Do you think he's here to propose? Oh, Neddy marches to the beat of his own drummer. We shouldn't hasten the tempo. There's no reason why you shouldn't be married immediately. Long engagements are for milksops who can't finish the job. But, sir, I haven't even proposed. I would ask for Betsy's hand, Uncle,  but I fear I don't have the means to support her on a soldier's wages. If it's money that you're worried about, then don't. I've arranged for you to begin a law clerkship. Is this another favor to be accounted for? An appointment. One granted by Judge Shippen himself. After Neddy's valor on and off the battlefield, it's the very least that we can do to honor his sacrifice. Yes, I'm in need of a prothonotary. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court would do well to have a man of your acumen, Neddy. This young man survived a British prison ship and Haller's battalion. I'm quite certain he can handle a desk. Perhaps you should stop seeing demons where there are none. Perhaps you're right. Esther :  So, you two can agree. The impossible is possible. Joseph, would you show me that lovely painting in the foyer? I want to see all its beauty up close. Of course. If you'll excuse us. General. I've always fancied a Christmas wedding. You expect Grandfather to travel through ice and snow? Spring is a grand time for a wedding. Perhaps even summer. The city will be flush and in bloom and you'll be even more radiant. I'm not you, Peggy. I'm not the most beautiful girl in the colonies or Father's favorite. Why delay my only chance at happiness? (clinks) (clears throat) I would like to thank you all for being here to celebrate the good fortune that has graced many of us in this room. After trials and adversities,  we all have much to be grateful for. A toast. To young love renewed and to honor restored. Hear, hear. Now, I believe that Major Burd has something that he would like to... Neddy? (door opens) A message for you from camp, sir. I'll see to it after dinner. It came with a note from General Washington, sir. He expressed that you were to read it immediately. Betsy... Elizabeth. It seems as if I have known you my entire life, which I have, of course. And I have always loved you Excuse me. Sir, if I may... Not now, Franks. Benedict. Benedict, what's wrong? Congress has rejected Paca's decision and referred the charges against me back to a court-martial. But I thought you said... Reed. It was Reed. He threatened to split Pennsylvania from the body and they gave in to him. I'm right back to where I started. Hello, Quarles. How are you? Major Rogers? Drop it. Hello, boys. Well, this is... unexpected. (laughs) I suppose you must be used to that. I could have crept up on you in broad daylight. The famed Robert Rogers. I've longed to meet you in person, sir. Oh, well, you'll just have to keep on longing, won't you? Because I'm going to make haste with Quarles here. And I suppose we'll have tea and scones sometime at Westminster, shall we? Drop it. Drop it, Brandon. I'm afraid they don't take orders from you anymore, Major. We'll see about that. You take one more step to me, I will cut his throat wide open. Go ahead. Rogers :  You hear that, boys? That ghost would have you dead. You think I'd have done that to you? I would die for you boys. You know that. I would die for you! Put your guns down! That's all right. We can settle this in the old fashion. Weapons down, gentlemen. Weapons down! If Major Rogers manages to kill me,  I order you to let him leave unharmed. Or follow him if you so choose. Get out of here. I am going to carve you up, ginger. Come on. Come on, boy. Yeah? You're old, fat, and slow. You're the past. (shouts) (grunting) And I'm the future. (shouts) (screams) The only thing I can't work out is why you decided to return to Long Island, especially after the king signed a warrant for... you're Culper. Oh, that's brilliant. You hid your treachery in plain sight. A mercenary through and through. Playing both sides against one another. A true American. Are you looking for this? (laughs) It's a shame, really, when... when the mind goes. Pistol, please. (grunting) Find him! He's got one eye! Find him! (whickers) (coughs) (birds calling) Ah, he wakes. Hungry? Where are we? You're on your way to meet Major André. That's the least you could do for me  seeing that you fouled my mission. I won't talk. You might as well kill me now. Oh, I'd love to. Give you a second smile like I did for your old man Sackett. But I got chastised, you see. Won't make the same mistake twice. Though after the major gets done with you,  I expect he'll have me see you vanished. After all, you're not in uniform, so the rules are off the table. (horse whinnies) (gunshot) (horse whinnies) Are you sure there's nothing we can do? No, dear, I'll look after him and make sure he has all he needs. You're not intending to stay here? I understand your concern, but there's propriety to be considered. It would be improper not to support my future husband. He just received word that his sister is unwell. Imagine his distress, Father. I'll send the carriage back for you in an hour. My dear. Please give the general our best wishes. (door opens) Yes, and be sure to thank him for a grand evening. As much as we've been in conflict, I'm glad that he has found the justice he deserves. (Arnold grunts) (loud crash) (grunts) (panting) "Making degrading requests of a militiaman." Oh, please, I asked him for a barber. This is a farce. Reed has always sought to ruin me,  ever since he was a sniveling clerk in Congress  hiding behind my protection while stabbing me in the back. I should know to expect nothing from them. But I counted on better from Washington. "In a future letter I shall communicate my reasons." (paper crumples, thuds) Don't I deserve an explanation now? Don't I deserve the loyalty that I have always given him? He wouldn't even have an army to command if it weren't for me, and yet he deprives me of command. He deprives me of glory. And now he deprives me of my honor. If they want to make an enemy of me, then I will make them mine. If only they knew what I could do to them, Peggy. I could destroy them if I wanted to. Destroy them. Then perhaps you should. When the city was occupied, I became acquainted with a royal officer by the name of John André. He wanted to end this war. Said England should make peace with the colonies. When the army left for New York, he said if I came across any Patriots who thought likewise,  I should write to him and let him know. I listened politely, but never expected to take him up on his offer. Until now. Now that I see I can help the man I love. I just thought you should know... I have a way to reach out. If your friends won't appreciate you, Benedict... then perhaps his will. (crickets chirping) Here you go. Shh, shh. ♪ Fare you well, my dear ♪ 
♪ I must be gone... ♪ (music playing) ♪ Fare you well, my dear ♪ 
♪ I must be gone ♪ 
♪ And leave you for a while ♪ 
♪ But I never will prove false ♪ 
♪ To the bonny lass I love ♪ 
♪ Till the stars fall from the sky ♪ 
♪ If I roam away ♪ 
♪ I'll come back again ♪ 
♪ Though I roam 10,000 miles, my dear ♪ 
♪ Though I roam 10,000 miles. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 