Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Against Thy Neighbor - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Against Thy Neighbor https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=17582 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/02/14 15:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Against Thy Neighbor 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Turn... 
 What's this? 
 It's a code dictionary. 
 Makes sure that anything that you write can't be read by the enemy. 
 I'm not gonna remember all this. 
 That's why you keep the book hidden. 
 Our little secret. 
 I've been charged by Major Hewlett with ferreting out a conspiracy in town. 
 If it's rebel sympathizers you're looking for, the petition for the New York Convention is a good place to start. 
 You know I'll never stop. 
 You can't possibly understand a word of it. 
 It's a code key, all right? The same as ours. 
 Ben will be able to decipher it. 
 (people chatting) 
 (violin playing) 
 How much are these? 
 (children shouting) 
 (giggling) 
 Simcoe : These spies are even more cunning than I thought. 
 They appear to have been operating for some time right under our noses. (whickering) Spies? Now they've been promoted from conspirators to spies? Well, the distinction is hardly great. And yet still no evidence. No names, just conjecture and gossip. Gossip is how these things start. Scripture tells us that the tongue is a restless evil full of deadly poison. And it tells us that "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." It's been a month, Captain Simcoe. Where is this mythical Patriot petition that I was promised? I've yet to uncover it. I fear it's likely been destroyed. So then all you have is gossip. Simcoe : I have a sense the conspirators know that I'm coming for them. Calm down, Bucephalus. (breathing heavily) (whinnies) Shh, calm down. Calm, boy. Simcoe : He's gone mad! (whinnies) Easy! Easy! Easy! (breathing heavily) Bucephalus, calm. (Whinnies) Bucephalus! Out! (moaning) (Bucephalus whinnying) (Items crashing) Ah! (whinnying continues) (panting) Someone was in a hurry. Oh, believe me. I wish we had more time. If I could, I'd leave this place with you tomorrow. But you can't. And neither can I. You've your obligation to your family... and we both have our roles to play for Washington... Mr. Culpepper. Mm. I hate that name. (Laughs) Oh, I don't know. I quite like it. Oh, really? After all, if I can't be Mrs. Woodhull, perhaps I can be Mrs. Culpepp... No, don't say it. Don't say it. (Laughing) (Bucephalus snorting, whickering) Oh, God. Oh, God. Bucephalus. Bucephalus. Shh, shh, shh. Bucephalus. Bucephalus, shh, shh. Easy, boy. Easy. Be still. Be still. (cocks gun) ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush. ♪ Doctor : You did him a mercy. His heart was under great stress. And I've little doubt of the cause. Are you suggesting poison? Well, I don't know much about them, but there's... there's a foreign smell to this apple, like almonds. Of course he was poisoned. What else could it be? He was... he was in perfect health. Just perfect. Perfect. This was murder. A senseless murder. I doubt Bucephalus was the intended target, Major. Didn't you often eat the same apples you fed him? Someone was trying to kill you, sir. Do you know where this fruit came from? Uh, Brewster... Lucas Brewster. He has the biggest orchard in town. Brewster is one of the names at the top of my list. A miscreant in his youth, vocal in his rejection of any authority. I'll detain him while we search his farm. Ben : The answer was here all the time. Sir, we merely needed the key. The cipher key, from Major Andre's own code book no less. Courtesy of our friend in New York. Mr. Culpepper does not shy away from the bold play. And once Mr. Sackett deciphered it, we were able to apply it to the encrypted dispatches that we intercepted last month. "And immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales, and he received sight forthwith." Mr. Sackett, it seems, has undergone a conversion to faith. Hmm, perhaps because, for the first time, we are able to see their movements as a deity might... from on high. Sir, the enemy will try to take Philadelphia by sea, by the Delaware Bay. All of our scouting reports argue that the attacks will come by land from the north. That's what they want you to think. It's a feint, sir. The dispatches indicate  that General Howe has ordered 3,000 men  to be withdrawn from Cornwallis's troops and quietly marched to Staten Island, where the Royal Navy has secretly gathered over 100 boats for an expeditionary force. The order reportedly left Cornwallis in high dudgeon, anxious as he was to personally thank you for disrupting a visit to his wife with that, uh, Trenton affair. Major Tallmadge, you are to ready a detachment to rendezvous with General Arnold in Connecticut, dragoons and militia, immediately. North? But, sir, we've just proven that the attack will be coming from... From the south, which is why I will make plans to shore up our defenses on the Delaware, if you agree. Of course, sir. Good, then unless you think it's wise to inform the enemy of our plan, perhaps you will join me in convincing them  that their plan is working. A counter-feint. You have discretion to act as you see fit to advance the mission. I'll stay here. (kisses) (giggles) (door closes) (silverware clatters) Oh, Mrs. Woodhull, I didn't know you were coming. I'm sorry to startle you, Mr. Baker. I thought you were my husband. Would you like me to cook something? Oh, no, no. I couldn't ask that. It's... I'd do it for Abraham, but he's not here. I can hazard a guess of where he is, of course. Or who he's with. Perhaps I should leave. Why? You're the only one who really lives here now. Tell me, Mr. Baker... did your parents marry for love or did their parents decide for them? I never knew my parents. I was told my father was a sailor and my mother... I was raised in an orphanage. I never had the luxury of growing up in a home like this,  as your son will. There is love here, Mrs. Woodhull. I know because I know what its absence feels like. (men chattering) (door opens) Is the owner here? DeJong? No, but I can get him. Whatever they said I did, it's not true. That's enough out of you. Tell him we're taking his cellar as a temporary jail. Orders of the major. I need you to open it. Man : Was that Lucas Brewster? They arrested Lucas Brewster. Richard : I admit the evidence is damning, A weak constitution is an excellent cover for a devious mind. Abraham? Forgive the intrusion. I heard Lucas Brewster's been arrested. Are the charges serious? Very, Captain Simcoe believes that Brewster  killed Major Hewlett's horse with a poisoned apple  intended for the major himself. He died for me. These are serious charges. Is there any evidence to support them? We have the matter well in hand. Thank you, Farmer Woodhull. Has Brewster in any way confessed? No. But I expect a noose will make an honest man of him. Perhaps before rushing to that conclusion, we should send for someone more expert than Dr. Mabbs. If we are gonna hang a citizen of Setauket, the accusation should be confirmed. Of course, Your Honor. Every care should be taken. I'll advise the major. Oh, damn. Mary borrowed my coach to visit you with Thomas. That's all right, I can give you a ride into town. Right. Could I accompany you? Abe : Wouldn't your own horse be faster? Simcoe : I'm in no rush. And I'd appreciate the chance to discuss the case against Brewster with Your Honor. I must say, I'm pleased to see you two have moved past your differences. Indeed. I've learned that patience and forbearance are much preferred to anger and rash action. I agree, especially when personal grudges end up affecting those who are innocent. Yes, the innocent must be protected at all costs. That must be the foremost concern of any justice... (gunshot) Ah! Father! Father! Stay down! Oh, Jesus. It came from over there. Father, look at me. Look at me! Help! Soldier : Behind the fence! Father! Now hold him. Hold him down. (Grunting) Look at me, Father. Look at me. Just breathe. Just breathe. Put pressure, pressure. Hold him down. Oh, my God. Please, take him away. What happened? He has been shot just outside a few hours ago. Whoever it was has escaped for the moment, but will be found soon. Abe : Come on, hurry up. I'll be right there. (grunting) That's good. All right, he's done. Praise be to God. If that ball had punctured his stomach or had shattered on a rib, he'd be gone. (whispers) (pants) Wh... Is he dead? No. He's just overcome. We found the place where he was shot from. A fence rail still spotted with his powder, and we found this nearby. Must've used it as wadding for a shot. It appears to be torn from a book. The wadding survived? It's not any book. A Bible. A verse from Judges. Hmm. An assassin who wraps his boulette in the word of God. I want every firearm in this town surrendered tomorrow and anyone who does not comply must be considered a suspect and arrested. Simcoe : I'll post the order immediately. I promise you, we'll find the man who did this  and the rest of this league of assassins. Hewlett : State your name. Walter Havens. Havens. One blunderbuss. The rebel whaleboats are ranging further up the coast. Without my shot, they'll take my catch. Your weapon will be returned to you when I'm reassured the town is once again safe. Safe for whom? Make a note... "Less than fully cooperative." Oh, this is hardly necessary in your case, Abraham. The law applies to me the same as anyone else, sir. Mark him down, "very cooperative." (men murmuring) State your name. You know who I am. State your name. Nathaniel Tallmadge. This is my church that you now call your stables. I think it suits the town better as a defensive fortification rather than a pulpit for seditious sermons. A fine fowling piece. If you say so. But what does a man of the cloth need weapons for? Are we now practicing the insurrection that we preached? I never minded fighting for a just cause. Or speaking against an unjust one. "For all they that take the sword shall perish by the sword." (gun clatters) (quietly) Everything is set, Captain. Now they've taken our guns, we're at their mercy. You mean the mercy of the rebels like the one they've got locked up down below. Figures that it's a Brewster. I'm married to a Brewster. Moses? Moses, do you still have it? What? You know what I mean. The petition. You do, don't you? Well, I suggest you put it to the fire and run while you can. Run? And just leave everything? Well, what've you got? You have no family. You can start over in Connecticut or join the Continentals. Walter, look at me. Look at me. I just... I can't just leave... Just meet me at moonrise by my boat. The cove beyond Crane Neck Point. Ludlow : You always were an empty bottle, Robeson. If you had as much brains as you have guts, what a clever fellow you'd be. Guts enough to brain you. (men shouting) Enough. Whatever our grievances, we have more in common with each other than we do with those men perched like vultures up on that hill. First, they took our church. Then they took our headstones. Now the means to defend ourselves? What will they take next? (man pounds on table) Hear, hear. Don't you see who your real enemies are? Spoken like a true rebel. Might we have a word, Reverend Tallmadge? (door closes) Hewlett : Good news. Good news. We have found the man responsible... your father's old nemesis, Reverend Tallmadge. The reverend? Major, with all due respect, the reverend would more likely shoot you than my father. His attitude when he turned in the weapons was highly combative. Captain Simcoe found that his musket had recently been fired, so I ordered his house to be searched. I found this on his person. Judges 3, a most appropriate selection. It seems the reverend is an artist who cannot resist signing his work. A Mr. Moses Paine to see you, sir. With urgent information, he says. Very well. Major, Captain. What have you for us, Mr. Paine? The petition you've been looking for  backing Selah Strong to the New York Congress. I confess my name is on it,  a foolish mistake in a moment of drunken weakness. But I suspect there are others who will prove of more interest to you. The petition? Yes. It seems we finally have the means  to capture the rest of the cabal. Arrest every name on this list if they are still in town. Order Appleton to start building gallows for 10. And arrest Mr. Paine. But I brought you this information of my own free will. Hewlett : No doubt to save your own skin. If you'd have brought it earlier, you could've saved another life. Go. These men will require prosecution. Yes. We can hardly ask your father to manage such proceedings in his condition, even if it is just a formality. I'll do it. I studied the law at King's College. I have watched my father dispense justice since I could stand. If he will trust me to act in his stead,  it'll be swifter than to wait for another magistrate. Richard? It's time I assumed some of the burden. 
 
 (horse whinnies) Caleb : Hey, look at the boy. Army life suiting you, Mr. Strong? Better since you swiped me a decent pair of boots. (chuckles) How far is the coast? The coast? Five miles, give or take. You thinking of home, Selah? Well, with the men we have here, we outnumber Hewlett's garrison. I say we return there, take back what's ours. Right, and after we take it, we can stay there till, oh, at least suppertime before the Navy smokes us out. It'd be a good meal, though. Yeah, I'm with you there. (clicks tongue) Fraternizing with the enlisted men? Not sure he'd be so full of spunk if he knew his wife thinks him dead. I coulda sorted this out if your pal Sackett let me and Culpepper meet up instead of having him stash his letters in the hollow of an old tree. Sackett's procedures are intended to keep you both safe. But these are our friends we're lying to, Ben. They're agents. They only know what they need to know. Any more could put them in danger. Right, so Anna doesn't need to know her husband's still alive. This isn't personal, Caleb. It's a discipline... a craft, as Mr. Sackett calls it. The more we stick by the rules, the better it will be for all of us. (door opens) (footsteps approaching) What are you doing here? I heard a rumor I couldn't imagine is true. Well, just let me explain. Moses Paine has turned in the petition that backed Selah for Congress. They're out looking for the others who signed it. So, why in God's name are you helping Hewlett to swing the axe? The charges are false. Simcoe has created the threat. All I have to do is present the case and then just see it fall apart. You're planning to lose? Do you have a better idea? Gather those loyal, raid the armory, storm the church, and shoot Hewlett and Simcoe... And then hang the Grand Union Flag over the church? Mm. And then what? Then we bring the war here to Setauket? The war is already here, can't you see that? I have to study this. All right? (Abe sighs) (door closes) Abe's voice : Law, in its most general and comprehensive sense, signifies a rule of action and is applied indiscriminately to all kinds of action... whether animate or inanimate, rational or irrational. "Katie Cruel" playing ♪ When I first came to town ♪ 
♪ They called me roving jewel... ♪ Open in the name of the king! ♪ Now they've changed their tune ♪ 
♪ They call me Katie Cruel... ♪ Soldier : Open! Where are you taking him? Abe's voice : But laws, in their more confined sense, denote the rules. Not of action in general, but of human action or conduct. ♪ When I first came to town ♪ 
♪ They gave me drinks aplenty ♪ 
♪ Now they've changed their tune ♪ 
♪ Bring me bottles empty ♪ 
♪ Through the woods I'm going ♪ 
♪ Through the bogs and mire ♪ 
♪ Straightaway down the road ♪ 
♪ To my heart's desire...♪ (gunshot) Abe's voice : That is the precepts by which man, the noblest of all sublunary beings... a creature of both reason and free will... ♪ Ooh... ♪ Abe's voice : Has no rule to pursue, but such as he prescribes to himself. (men chattering) (Hammering) (hammering) These men betrayed our trust. These men plotted murder. These men conspired. Now, what is the nature of conspiracy? What defines it? Secrecy. Betrayal. The conspirator walls himself from friend and neighbor and he lives a secret life, pretending to be a part of the God-fearing community of man, the community of laws and of shared values,  even as he plots its overthrow. Now, the evidence against these men is clear. Of their guilt, there is no doubt. But it is their salvation that we are about today. Only by their confession can they repent their sins  and, in return,  solicit a measure of our mercy. Lucas Brewster, stand and face the bench. Do you swear to tell the truth, the truth being your only defense against these charges against you? All right. I... I suppose I... Yes. Yes, I do. Did you conspire with Nathaniel Tallmadge and these other men to assassinate Major Hewlett and Judge Richard Woodhull? No. Of course not. (All laugh) And yet this vial of cyanide poison was found in your house. Those redcoats claim they found it. It's nothing of mine. Mr. Brewster, it is pointless to impugn the words of these good men. These are officers. They are sworn to protect us and they have earned our trust. Yeah, and what about my word? Your word? The word of a poisoner? The lowest form of assassin? He who strikes like a viper from the shadows, too fearful to face his enemy? Your word, sir? These are lies cooked up by them. Why would they lie? What possible motive would they have? Damned if I know. You conspired against the Crown! You provided aid, and you provided comfort to the enemy! No, no. You tried to murder these men... No, no! And you tried to kill my father! Leave the poor man alone! Can't you see he's sick? (banging) Mr. Brewster may be seated. We will resume when order is restored. (murmuring) An unfortunate turn. And yet I wonder if it was just bad luck that let you rouse such sympathy for a killer. Should I have been gentler with him? This is just a formality, as you said. You and I are merely players in a comedy whose ending has already been written. But, by all means, continue the performance. Sip slowly, Father. I'm not going anywhere. You should. Your husband may have need of a friendly face during his first foray as a magistrate. I'm afraid Abraham does not feel much like a husband these days, nor I a wife. Mary, whatever distance has grown between you and my son, perhaps it's time you acknowledge the part you have played in it. My part? You convinced me to pardon Selah Strong. Yes, and that only worsened the problem. Because it was a subterfuge when you should've been direct. Do you truly want Abraham? (sighs) Aberdeen will take care of me. Go be with him. Go be with your husband. A page torn from a Bible to help propel a bullet. A bullet that nearly ended my father's life. A page from Judges to help kill a judge. Do you deny it? Deny a page was torn from it, no, but not by my hands. If not yours, Mr. Tallmadge, then whose? That man visited me with one of his men to ask questions. I'm guessing when my back was turned... I suppose you also credit Captain Simcoe with firing the round, despite the fact that he was with myself and my father at the time of the shooting. But where were you? In my home. (scoffs) And can any here testify to that? I was alone. Of course. You were alone. You've been alone for some time now, haven't you? Because of the choices that you've made, preaching rebellion until your congregation walked away. Your father walked away. The rest followed like sheep. Abe : Because their shepherd went astray! And where did that leave you? Abandoned and angry, and at one man in particular. So you went way beyond sermonizing, didn't ya? Huh? Colluding with all of these men to overthrow the powers that you blamed for destroying your life! You preach against me in my own church? Well, then repent. Just repent and silence me. How dare you, boy? I dare because I'm the son of the man that you almost killed. You were well-equipped for the task as well, weren't you? I remember the war stories you told when I was a boy. His years fighting the French and the Iroquois. This is your musket, is it not? I don't deny the weapon's mine, but I deny I used it against your father or any man. I swore an oath after that war never to take another life. I see that you cannot be induced to confess. Shall I then show these good people how you used musket and ball together so shamefully? First, the primer, yes? And then the firing charge. Then the ball that was extracted from my father's body. (crowd murmuring) And then to ram it home, just a... (crowd chuckling) It seems our farmer-turned-barrister is in need of some assistance. Allow me. (crowd laughing) Allow me. Ball? (all gasp) I'm guessing you've never seen a Pennsylvania rifle, Captain. The barrel's grooved. It takes a smaller round than your Brown Bess. That one you're trying to jam down her muzzle,  the one our young Hotspur here says almost killed his father,  well, that's a musket round. The kind a king's man might use if he was bent on murder. (murmuring) After hearing all my war stories, I'm surprised you didn't know that, boy. (bangs) That is enough evidence for today. I will now retire and consider my ruling. You have no right to sit in judgment. No? I am the authority here. The only authority I recognize is that of God's, and you, sir, are not He. Reverend, I believe this proceeding... No, no, no. It's all right. Let him speak. This will be his last sermon. A man may believe in freedom from tyranny and not be rebel or a traitor. If he is not free to make up his own mind, that is the worst form of tyranny. Aye. Hear, hear. These men were sent here to subjugate us. But I never would've expected the boy who grew up best friends with my son Benjamin to turn against his own. (murmuring) Abraham, what did you do that day your father walked out of my church? You stayed behind. You thought for yourself. A lesson for us all. (crowd clamoring) That is enough. Silence! Take the prisoners down. Take them down now, to the tavern cellar. Abraham, I wanted to commend you on your efforts today. I think your father would be very proud. Oh, thank you, sir. Have you reached a decision? I have. I expect Mr. Appleton's labors will not go unrewarded. To tell you the truth, I would like nothing more than to hang these miscreants. But given the confusion of today's proceeding, I think it best to show that measure of mercy that you spoke of, Abraham. So, I am sentencing them all to a term of no less than 10 years on the Jersey. Um, sir... ahem... if I may. Given the conditions aboard that ship, that is a death sentence. You think a hanging more merciful? No, no. It's just that what happened today... the business with the rifle... So he used a different weapon than the one he turned in. He's clever, I'll grant him that. Or perhaps he's innocent. I acknowledge that there are untidy aspects to this case, and perhaps some were overzealous in pursuing it. But the most important thing is that an arm of disloyal citizens have been identified  and the gangrenous limb will now be cut off from the rest of the healthy body. There's just one problem, sir. It seems to me that the true assassin may still be out there. I shall make it my mission to find him out. Caleb : I can't feel my legs anymore. Let alone something else of equal importance. (chuckles) How much further to Ridgefield? No more than a day. I sent a scout ahead to alert General Arnold of our arrival. Oh, of course you have. Now, look, don't be injured if Benedict Arnold ain't as excited to meet the famous Benny Boy Tallmadge. I will admit, the man impresses. Imagine having your horse shot out from under you, your leg pinned beneath it, and instead of surrendering to the regular standing above you with a bayonet, you pull his pistol and shoot him dead. Yeah, it sounds like a tale I'd tell about me self, which tells me he's taking a bit of license. Company, halt! Man : Company halt! Man 2 : Company halt! Private. Caught him hiding in a ditch. Thought he might be a spy, but when he said he was from Setauket... Let him down. Mr. Havens. Ben. (both laugh) Walt, look at you. How are ya? What brings you to Connecticut? A bloody-back named Simcoe. Ever since he returned to Setauket, he's had it in for us Whigs. Your father's been arrested, Ben. My father? And Lucas Brewster, too. Your father, my uncle. That's quite the coincidence. On what grounds could he be arrested? Conspiracy. I left town to cheat the hangman. I doubt the rest will be so lucky. How many whaleboats could you round up? What do you mean? To carry all this lot? Aye. We're going home? We're going home. Thank you, Luke. All right, sweetheart, we'll go upstairs. Time for your nap. (Mary grunting) (Mary panting) (board thudding) Thomas! Thomas, stop it. Thomas. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 