Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Eternity How Long - TURN: Washington's Spies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Eternity How Long https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=229&t=17439 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/14 22:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Eternity How Long 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Turn"... 
 Law, order, authority... 
 We are the beacon of authority in these colonies, Someone has been whispering into the enemy's ear, and the only ones that knew about the location of that safe house  were ranked well above me. What'd you find out? A brigade of Hessian mercenaries 1,500 strong readies to march to Trenton. I gotta get this back to Ben right away. Tell me where your next secret mission will take you. I've just completed my mission...  the recruitment of a young, talented agent willing to apply said talents in service to the crown. Anna Strong is not your family. Mary and Thomas are. Now honor your responsibilities as your brother would've done. Thomas is dead. (Whip cracks) (Man groans) I thought I would read a verse from Proverbs, his favorite. He preferred the one from Galatians. You knew him better. Before I met Thomas, I was uncertain about being engaged to a stranger. But the first thing he told me about was his family and how you would welcome me. He seemed a very good son. And a better brother. (Babbles) Abe : I remember at Mother's funeral... her casket. To me, it was like a wooden seed. I remember asking Thomas, "Am I to grow a new mother?" "No," he said. But he told me... "Whatever sprouts from the dirt is a sign she'll always be with you." As will he. In truth, I too prefer Galatians. (Whip cracking) (Grunts) All of this because of one rebel. Hewlett suspects a plot. (Whip cracks) Hewlett : Face forward, Baker. Looking in the wrong direction is what landed you here. I have a mind to have you flogged, too, Appleton. These men let the spy escape. You let him in. Your defenses are lacking. How are we to thwart an attack if we can't stop one man? (Men chatting) Ready to be happy? Woody came through. (Laughs) Fresh from New York. The scout was a harbinger. A strike is imminent. And now they know we lack the manpower to resist. This barricade is pathetic. Perhaps if the cannons were placed somewhere less ceremonial, atop the earthworks, they would be lethal, no? Yes, but, sir, the gunners would be completely exposed. Unless, of course, we devise some way of shielding them. Indeed. Richard : Our stones? You mean to use our graveyard as a quarry? Yes, I fear there's not enough time for a better solution. This is... there are many who will see this as a desecration. Mm, we're not going to exhume the bodies, Richard. I should hope not. And I shall replace the stones as soon as I'm sure that this garrison has been made safe. You do understand the need for fortifications? I've not received reinforcements to replace the men that I lost at Connecticut. Major, with all due respect, Setauket is a small town. These gravestones represent our forebearers, our history, our legacy. My wife and son are buried here. I understand. You know this town and these people far better than I ever could. I now see why you, not I, nor my engineer, should be the one to select the stones which are to be used. Naturally, your family will be exempt. No, I... I'm sorry, I can't. (Door closes) Very well. Appleton. I've completed my survey, sir. 147 stones in total. What is the minimum amount of stones that you could use? Mm, two-cannon complement, six men each, five if the sergeant fires the piece... 10. You shall use no more than 10. Which are the strongest? Granite is hardest, though there's but a few of those. Hewlett : What about slate? Appleton : Slate will stop one ball but it won't stop two. I'll examine the limestone. The ones least weathered, we'll unearth right away. Hewlett : Unfortunately, that means those not long deceased. I'll do it. I'll do it. I can help you choose the names that will cause the least... protest. If you insist. How long to secure the cannons? Two days to raise them, another to make them fast. You have three days. Godspeed, Richard. ♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ There's snakes in the garden... ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale... ♪ 
♪ Blood on the rise ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Soul for sale... ♪ 
♪ I can't wait anymore ♪ 
♪ Hush, hush ♪ Court-martialed, huh? Busy boy. General Scott's relegated me to secretary in the meantime. I just hope he'll heed this. It's too long. If the scout has anything to say, he keeps it brief. Otherwise he rambles or, at worst, gives an opinion. Sir, I grant you I care little for sauerkraut or Hessians, for that matter. But if German mercenaries are in Trenton, then the British are surely not. Now, don't you think General Washington should want to know that? This is unsigned. Who spoke to these Hessians? You? We swore he would remain nameless, sir. Captain Tallmadge? The source is true, sir, and trustworthy, but we swore his name would be kept secret. If you cannot trust me, your superior officer, then I cannot trust you. And I certainly will not trust this. Burn it. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, shh. This'll end in violence. Violence is what began it. It was one scout. Not even a scout. It was more likely a boat thief... hungry and desperate. You don't know that. I don't see why the rebels would attack Setauket. By all reports, they're on retreat and we're well behind British lines here. This town has always been loyal to the Crown and they hate us for that. They don't hate us. They hate... Why do you defend them? I'm not defending them. I'm defending you. Look, I'm telling you, if you write that list, the town will turn against you. Not Hewlett, you. Hewlett will take the stones whether I counsel him or not. Well, then, let him. To tear a gravestone, any gravestone, from where it sits is an act of evil. No amount of wisdom can make that just. To shoulder a burden is my way, to run from it yours. Look, I'm not running anywhere, all right? I'm trying to help you. Then why don't you help me in the way you seem to find hardest... being a loyal son? When the town hears about this, my opinion won't matter. The town won't hear of anything until I am prepared to present the names. Andre : Do it again. Tell me your name. (Music playing) I am Miss Iris Endicott, native to Basking Ridge, New Jersey. Tavern wench of the Traveler's Rest. Ooh. Mm, well done. You've taken your character to heart. Well, it's easy to play the trollop with you, Major. As for my next partner, I fear I'll be less convincing. I promise you, if you play the wench, he will play the fool. Such intrigue for a man who's already one of your spies. One who I've never met before and have reason to doubt, and yet the advantage is ours. He's never seen me. And he will never suspect you. (Philomena laughing, squealing) Where's my Iris? Mm, I can smell my flower. Reporting for duty, General. (Chuckles) I catch the scent. Give me a taste. If you can find me. (Grunts) (Squeals) (Chuckles) Marco. Polo. Marco. Polo. Marco. (Whispers) Polo. (Laughing) Marco. Polo. Evening, General. I just got him off to sleep. (Whispering) We'll be silent as Quakers. Hearing you talk about your brother, how much you loved him, how much you miss him... I don't want Thomas to be alone. I want to give him a brother. Tell me what you want. I can be what you want. If you have something to tell, tell it. There should be no secrets between us. If there's another in your thoughts, then... (Whispering) Mary... if I tell you what troubles me... you'll have to promise me you'll keep it quiet. Promise me. (Clicking) You can only imagine what a blacksmith's house looks like without a woman around. So Mrs. Hallock has loaned him her slave Zipporah to cook and clean until he finds a wife. Mr. Shelton's not the only man who could use a wife, I'd say. Your father-in-law, for instance. Judge Woodhull always says he's married to the town. (Quietly) I'm not sure the town will stay married to him. What do you mean, dear? (Clicking stops) Nothing. It's not nothing. It's a real shame what he's doing. Very serious, indeed. I feel the same way you do. You've... you've heard about it? We hear all the rumors. It's a terrible position that he's put himself in. Yes. Why don't you tell us how you came upon it, in your own words? I am an officer of the Continental Army. No, you are a deserter from His Majesty's Royal Militia. (Sobbing) I demand an audience with General Howe. Oh, we can't take you to New York. All the trees have been cut down. I'll have to hang you right here. And the girl? The King's Army will make use of her, I assure you. Take her away. No, no please. Let her be. Let her be! No! No, no, please! No, no, let me go! General, help me! No! Ow, you're hurting me! No! General, help! A man in your position is privy to a great deal of intelligence. Were you to provide it, I might reconsider what I intend to do. Philomena : No! I've already provided your side with information. (Laughs) Oh, you did, did you? As a gesture of good faith. The destination of a Connecticut dragoon patrol. (Philomena screaming) I also provided the location of a safe house for small arms and powder. A safe house? The men who raided that safe house were led into an ambush. You sold them out. (Philomena screams) I assure you, I had no idea. And now you're playing me falsely. I give you my word as an officer and a gentleman. No, you are a traitor and a spy. If not for my sake, then hers. (Philomena crying) (Screaming) No, stop! No! (Platters clatter) What was the name of the officer you corresponded with? His name was Major John... Andre? It's a pleasure to meet you in person, General. I do apologize for all this, but I had to be sure you were telling the truth. (Philomena screaming) "Let us love good boys and play with none" that lie or swear or steal for fear we will learn their ways and be as bad as them. "Amen." Amen. 
 
 (Distant chatter) Man : It's not right! These are hallow grounds. Mary : What is it? Abe : It's half the town, by the looks of it. What are they doing headed up the road at this hour? I think I know. They're going to your father's. What? How did they find out? I let it slip. Abraham, I'm sorry. You there, halt! Stand fast! Wait, wait, wait. They've come to see me, not the major. This is too many people. Disperse at once! We demand an audience. They just want to talk. I invited them. Gentlemen, glad you could come. Is it true you mean to rip out all our gravestones? Soldier : Sir, should I... Shh, shh. Richard : No, no. Where did you hear that? Everyone knows, Judge. Slip out the back. Take Bucephalus from the barn, quietly. Ride to the church and inform Lieutenant Wakefield to muster the troop. Richard : 10 stones. Go. Yes, sir. Richard : They are necessary for the defense of the town. Maarten : You mean defense of the garrison. Richard : The garrison shields us from attack. Listen, this is being done for you, for us. Just as our town fathers shielded us from the Nesaquake and from the Dutch. But they never used our dead to do it. We... The stones of the founders will not be touched, I can promise you that. Nor of men who gave their lives for the Crown. Nor the stones of women. Well done, Woodhull. You've kept the souls of your wife and child off the chopping block. Abe : He's protecting your families as well. Do you think he wants to do this? Do you think you could choose any better? Who has he chosen so far? Richard : The list is not complete. What gives you the right? I am the magistrate! How is this law? This is a sacrilege. You ain't taking my stone, Judge! No stones will be taken without consent. The heads of the families must agree to give, and since the giving will mean they are protecting their loved ones and their homes, I expect they will rise to it. Now, it is very late and I am tired. Good night, gentlemen. You've done the right thing. No, all I've done is take a difficult task and made it impossible. You know, Ben. Just don't let me wait to get Abe's letter to Washington. But you've gotta be all for it. The letter? Scott burned the letter. So you rewrite it. And then we smuggle it in. Smuggle it? Yeah. Oh, right. I mean, come on, you saw yourself. Scott only reads the first page of a scout's report before passing it on, right? Yeah. So we get Abe's letter and we fold it into a report, yeah? And then watch it sail right into Georgie's hands. I've just finished my interrogation of the returning scouts. There's no single report worthy of passing on. Right, so we beef it up, huh? Add a little excitement. You mean falsify it. Yeah, well, insubordination is your best quality. (Laughs) It's been far too long, Richard. I agree, and I apologize, but since the arrival of our guests from the Royal Army, I've had little time to pay social calls. Is that what this is? Lucinda, your family's strong allegiance to the Crown has always been the very anchor of Setauket. This town looks to the Scudders for moral guidance, for leadership, for inspiration, even. Were you to donate a gravestone for the common defense, I believe it would inspire the other families to see the light. Have you gone mad? The people here aren't against this because their hearts are hard. It's a bad idea and they know it, and I think you know it, too. I have tried to reason with Major Hewlett, believe me. I'm sure you have, Richard. But you cannot reason with someone who is being irrational, whether it be the rebels or the major. But once the decision has been made, surely it is our... I am not going to bail you out, Your Honor. But I will give you some advice, which I hope inspires some reason. If you forge ahead with this, you may as well dig your own grave. (Sighs) Maarten : Mr. Woodhull. I have a little apple to peel with your father. Well, he doesn't live here, Mr. DeJong. Yeah, he likes to hide behind the major. But that won't save him when judgment comes. Come again? Our message is thus... If he tries to take our stones, we will defend them. You made that very clear last night. When my father gives his word, he means it. The devil may sound reasonable at first, but it's always a trick. Go home, Maarten. I have family in New York. They could make it difficult for the judge's business there. My father's business is with the King's Army, so I doubt that. It's a long way between Setauket and York City and there's a lot of trouble on that road. A man could get robbed. Or even killed. You threaten my father again, I'll kill you myself... on this road. You hear me? My quarrel was with your father. Now it is with you as well. You're both damned. What do you want me to write? So, we were burning boats at night... you were... uh, so we say that the flames were spotted by an enemy patrol. Your move. How could I see them in the dark? (Scoffs) Don't make me give you a dowse in the chops, boy. Write what I say. I need it to get to Washington. I need to stay out of the brig. No, here's what you're going to write. "I came across a Loyalist militia on the bank of the river." I exchanged fire with them, but was outnumbered so I dove into the icy water to avoid their shots, swam downriver, hid in the bushes all night, which is how I caught frostbite. Finally, they boarded their boats and withdrew across the Delaware. "From my vantage point, I could make out five men and one officer." King me. Is that legal? So, we fold Abe's letter inside Ezra's report and we watch it sail away to Washington like a stowaway. Ben : Stowaways get tossed overboard, Caleb. "Swam downstream and hid in the bushes all night." That's how I caught frostbite. Finally, they boarded their boat and withdrew across the Delaware. From my vantage point, I could make out "five men and one officer." Too small for a foraging party. Most likely scouts. Washington fears that General Howe will ford the river to strike at us. He'll want to ponder this. This is the kind of intelligence you should've been bringing me. Richard, you've hardly left your study once this day. Come and join me for dinner. Major, this task... has proved more difficult than I had expected, owing to the sentiments of the people. You've appeased them, Richard. You have coddled them. And yet somehow you're surprised when they act like children. The stones are for their defense. If the rebels take the town, then they will be victims, too, of murder, of rape, and of pillage. They fear damnation as much as they fear the rebels. They see this as a reproach against God. Romans 13: "The powers that be are ordained by God." Our king was ordained by God and I was appointed to my duty by our king. You may well speak for God, but I do not. At least, that's not the way the people see it. I need more time. I'm not going to indulge you, Richard. If I don't have a list of names by tomorrow morning, then Appleton will choose the best ones. (Rain pattering) Where are you going? My father's. But it's starting to rain. There's something I got to tell him. Something that'll put a stop to all this. What could you possibly say that would... Something I should have said three days ago. (Door closes) (Chuckles) Ready? Yes. (Sobbing) Iris. General. Thank God you're alive. (Screams) Iris! Iris! No! b*st*rd. (Philomena wailing) We may not be allies, but we share a common enemy. "To Mr. John Hancock," President of the Continental Congress. Sir, entre nous, a certain great man is most damnably deficient. "General Washington is not fit to command a sergeant's guard." How did you get that? You think you're the sole rebel I correspond with? You wrote this letter for the same reason you wrote to me. You believe you should be commander instead of Washington. And I agree. This capture is my gift to you. Your gift? You won't be blamed when half the army walks out come the new year. Which is when General Charles Lee heroically escapes captivity and fights his way back to the Continental lines. The Congress will clamor for the hero who would pull off such a daring feat. (Scoffs) Come the spring... you will advise Congress... to sue for peace. So I'll be in charge of our surrender? Then Crown and Colonies are reunited and this terrible conflict is over. To the next commander-in-chief of the Continental Army. (Rain pattering) (Shivers) Thanks. There you are. Thanks. Richard : Do you think hell exists in more than one place? What does the Bible say? It is silent... as are these books of law, books of wisdom. There are no answers to my question. No, there's always an answer. Hmm. Father, if Major Hewlett were convinced that there was no immediate threat to the town, then there would be no need to bolster the earthworks. But he is convinced. But... if the rebels were preparing to attack Setauket, surely their scout would do everything he could to avoid detection. I mean, what sort of spy reveals himself? You think I haven't considered that? You try telling that to Hewlett! Shh, shh, lower your voice. I don't know which is worse, his lack of military experience or his delusions of grandeur. To fortify the church is rash, to use the headstones folly. He's been obstinate, capricious. You mean he's acted like a king. You have been compelled to do something that is unjust, and when a man is compelled to do something, he either submits or... He rebels. Right, and so you saw for yourself, the people are against this. They will be there tomorrow and they will outnumber the soldiers. So? So, then lead them. Tell Hewlett that it can't be done or they'll revolt. Call his bluff and he will back down. I'm not gonna lead a revolt. It's not a revolt. It's just you standing your ground. You won't be made to sacrifice your honor. And what about the major's honor? Why would he yield? Let me ask you... why is he doing this? Above all else? He doesn't want to lose the town. Right. (Thunder crashes) Uh-huh. He used to sit there. Thomas. I know. (Chuckles) I think that's enough for one night, huh? Don't you? Come on. Come on, then. (Groans) He used to sit there, you know? I know. I used to spy on you both from that window. He had such a perceptive mind, like a... like a clear lake. His questions were like answers, too. Come on. Come on. There you go. Thomas. Ben : Well, we'll be heroes or we'll be hanged. It ain't treason if there's good reason. (Laughs) Ben : I just hope Washington reads it. To the general's attention, sir. Caleb : What else has he got to do? Soldier : Just the stones, men. Leave the bodies be. Thank you. Thank you, son. Bless you. Thank you. (Loud muttering) Proceed no further. This is an illegal assembly. Soldier : You may not gather here. Return to the village. Soldier : Stand back. When Major Hewlett first proposed this plan, I was against it. Now I must disappoint the major yet again. I have no stones to give him. (Murmuring) My fault... was not in asking too much of you, but too little. We have failed to consider what's most important here. Not what we want or what the major wants. But what God wants. And what He demands is sacrifice as a test of faith. For faith without works is dead. Abraham understood this when he brought Isaac to the mountain. And we must follow his example... and offer up that which we hold most dear, that which we would never sacrifice. Just as God sacrificed His only son to save us all. Please ask your father to forgive me. Ask him yourself. Pay attention, Appleton. This is why I picked gravestones. If it was this hard for the Loyalists to give them up, imagine how hard it will be for rebels from the same region to fire upon them. This is how you tame a colony. Not through battle... but through winning their hearts and minds. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 