Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Mr. Lahey's Got My Porno Tape! - Trailer Park Boys 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Mr. Lahey's Got My Porno Tape! https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=247&t=17224 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/12/01 03:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Mr. Lahey's Got My Porno Tape! 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Sent Randy on a routine noise complaint Probably Ricky working on that car of his. 
 Guess where? 
 Buddy Julian's. 
 I'm gonna get Ricky today, I gotta a feeling. 
 Mr. Lahey, 10-78, I need back up! 
 Give me that f*cking walkie-talkie Lahey, this is f*cking Ricky Get Randy the f*ck away from me, and hurry the f*ck up! 
 Yeah, hold on Randy. I'm coming! 
 What's going on here? 
 Let him go, Ricky! Let him go! 
 What's happenin'? 
 The little pervert's been snooping through my car and I'm pissed off. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah., I just came to check a noise complaint, Mr. Lahey and he's growing marijuana in his car. 
 You stay the f*ck out of there. 
 Is that true Ricky? 
 Is that true? 
 Oh so you don't smoke dope anymore? 
 You haven't been buying dope from me for ten f*cking years, Lahey? 
 Ricky, there's a lot of guys growing dope here in the park, but your the only one that's growing dope in his car And guess what that makes you Ricky? 
 What? 
 A loser. 
 Come on, Randy. Let's go dea I with something important like kids breaking bottles on the playground. 
 Ricky... Guys, come on! Randy, you shut up! 
 Randy, get in the car! 
 Get in the car, Randy! 
 Oh, geez... 
 Randy! 
 Frig off, Rick! 
 You have enough, Ricky? 
 Before Ricky went to jail, he had a huge set up. 
 I mean it was one - 
 It was a kick ass hydrophonic operation, 200 plants. 
 He supplied everybody. 
 Even Lahey was buying dope off him. It was that good. 
 You don't have your act together. 
 What are you talking about You've been out of jail for three weeks and all you've done is live in this car and grow four weed plants. 
 I thought that was pretty good considering, Julian. 
 No, that's not good. 
 I'm trying my best here. 
 Well fine, but it's not really that good. 
 I One thing I know is that you get out of jai and people treat you differently 'cause you're a convict, or whatever they call you. 
 But then there's guys like this Phil I know. 
 He's awesome. He owns a hydrophonic store in town, which is real convenient 'cause I need bunch of equipment. 
 So, I'm gonna go down there. 
 I'll just get him to lend me a bunch of equipment and start growing dope. 
 When I sell my first crop, I'll just pay him back then. 
 People like him are cool. He's not gonna have a problem with it. 
 Alright, Ricky doesn't want you guys going into the hydroponic store. 
 I guess this guys, uh... pretending to be a legitimate business man. 
 I just don't want you guys screwing this up. 
 So just stay here. 
 Get the hell out of my store! now! 
 Ricky, get out now! 
 Is this about the hundred bucks I owe you? 
 'Cause I was in jail. 
 I don't give a sh1t about your money! 
 Just get out! I don't want to see you in here. 
 That's Phil. 
 He doesn't like Ricky much, but... 
 I guess he owes him some money. 
 I wanna get a couple of lights and - 
 I don't want to see you in here. 
 What the f*ck are you doing? Hey! Ricky! 
 Let go of him, Ricky! 
 What the hell you doin' here Let go of him! 
 What the hell they doin' here? 
 Let go of him! 
 Is this a drug bust? 
 This is Julian. Put the f*cking gun down, Phil Put the gun down, Phil! 
 Turn the f*cking camera off! 
 Anyway, you're banned from the store. What are you gonna do Thanks a lot by the way, guys. I told you to wait in the truck. 
 If you're gonna follow us, listen to me. 
 I don't care, I'll just order stuff out of a magazine I guess. It's probably cheaper. 
 All I know is I've gotta start growing dope and getting my life back on track or Lucy's gonna leave me And I'm not gonna let that happen. 
 I'm totally gonna leave Ricky, unless he can make some money. 
 There's no way that he can be with me and be with Trinity. if he's just living in a car and... forget it, there's no way. 
 There are only two things that he does well. 
 One is he grows good dope. He grows amazing dope. 
 I think that's why I liked him in the first place. 
 And uh... well, the second thing is sexual and I don't want to talk about that. 
 Yeah, Ricky... Ricky's great in bed. 
 I mean it's not just his size. 
 I mean that's adequate, don't get me wrong. 
 But it's the fact that he really wants to please you He's really considerate, you know. 
 I guess s*x isn't everything Lucy's more interested in someone that can support her Since he got out of jail, he hasn't been doing sh1t. 
 He's not growing dope, he doesn't have a job... 
 That's bullshit. You need someone that can support you Boys, check out Ricky picking up some butts. 
 Hey Ricky, find any good ones? 
 What? Yeah, like you guys never smoked a butt, eh? 
 "Oh, look at Ricky smoking cigarette butts." 
 I'm sick of this sh1t. I'm sick of your TV show, I'm sick of you and I'm sick of everybody. 
 I'm moving to Toronto. 
 I'm especially sick of this dick. 
 Get the f*ck out of here, Lahey. 
 f*ck it, man. I'm gonna move to Toronto and be a street person. 
 I don't care. 
 Rick, think about it. 
 You don't got no money, man. What are you gonna do? 
 How are you gonna get out there? 
 Wha's goin' on honkies? 
 J-ROC? Damn, you stank. You can pull some Old Spice or some Brute on that mother fucker. Listen, I'm not in the mood today. So, unless you've got two grand you want to lend me, get the f*ck out of my face! 
 Hey man, take it easy. 
 No, I'm sick of this sh1t! 
 I'm sick of all you guys. I'm sick of this car. 
 Actually, you want to make some skarilla, you pop by my crib, I'll tell ya how to make all kinds of money I'm serious too. 
 You're gonna make me some money? 
 I'll make you tons of money, you know what I'm sayin'. 
 Pop by my crib. Excuse me gorilla we da f*ck out. 
 If you're serious, I'll be down in about an hour. 
 Maybe I'm not movin' to Toronto. 
 Ricky... I just want you to do one thing, all right I just want you think. 
 For once in your life, think, okay? 
 Don't get involved with those idiots. 
 You got a better idea? 
 Next message. 
 Julian, Ricky. Here's what's going to happen, buddy. 
 I just found out about a really good business opportunity, and I want to go down to The Pit like old times. 
 I could talk to you about it, get your advice. 
 But I think this is a good opportunity for me to get some money to start buying some dope equipment and hopefully buy Lucy a ring at some point and maybe get married or whatever. 
 So give me a call. 
 It's a really important question and I have to ask you this question today. 
 Do you ever watch pornos? 
 Why? 
 Just making conversation, man. 
 I was wondering what you thought of the guys that act in them? 
 They're greasy. 
 Sorry, man. 
 Well, let's suppose for a minute that I act in a porno movie, would you think I was greasy 'Cause it's a little different You're thinking about doing a porno flick with J ROC, aren't ya? 
 If you do that, yeah, you'd be real greasy, and stupid I need the money, that's the thing you don't understand I'm desperate here. It's about my family. 
 I've got to do this. I'm going to be a film star. f*ck it. 
 No, a p0rn star. Not a film star, Ricky, there's a big difference. 
 It's not that different, it's still film. 
 Would you see De Niro doing a p0rn flick? 
 I don't know. If they paid him enough money, he'd probably do one. 
 No, he wouldn't. You're stupid. 
 I thought about this, guys. I can't do this. This is crazy What are you talking about? 
 Why not? 
 It's gonna be all good, seriously. 
 I don't know if I want to be in a porno movie. 
 This ain't a porno movie. This is an adult film, m*therf*cker What about the people who'll see this sh1t? What about Lucy Only people in Russia are gonna see it. 
 Does Lucy go to Russia? 
 'Cause North American men they down with Russian women and vice versa. 
 It's kinda free trade and all that with p0rn, right? 
 So, I'm directin' this and wrote it. 
 It's called "From Russia with The Love Bone". Know wha' I'm sayin'? 
 If Lucy finds out about this, I'm gonna kill you, guys. 
 Lucy goin' to Russia?, You gonna be a great big star, G. M*therf*ckers in Russia Why do you think Reveen does so good over there? 
 You gonna be bigger than Reveen. 
 Put that sh1t on, get your freak on, it's all good And I'm gonna get paid? 
 Oh, you gonna get paid. 
 Oh, yeah, don't worry about that. Get the rest of that sh1t. 
 This is f*cked up. 
 Ricky's... 
 Ricky's a really good guy. 
 He's a good friend of mine He got me a part in a movie J-ROC's makin'. 
 Gonna make 160 bucks. 
 First, they offered me 40 and I told them to f*ck right off. 
 Gonna make 160 bucks. 
 That'll buy a lot of f*ckin' cat food. 
 Now I guess Bubbles is in the film. 
 Those guys don't know what their getting themselves into., I know that... I'd never do a porno flick but if I did, J-ROC would be the last one doing it, 'cause he's an idiot. 
 Everybody walkin' the face of the earth tryin' to judge the J-ROC, know wha' I'm sayin'. 
 But I ain't shook 'cause the M*therf*ckers tryin' to take me on, but they can't. Know wha' I'm sayin'. 
 You're sayin' know wha' I'm sayin' too many times. 
 Eighty, ninety times, that's too many times. 
 Once or twice is cool, but eighty, ninety times, man. 
 Are you from the department of know wha' I'm sayin'? 
 You takin' a census? We're hangin' out, right? 
 Eighty or ninety times. That's too many know wha' I'm sayin's. 
 Why are you ridin' on my jock? 
 I'm just tryin' to have a good time, You're countin' my know wha' I'm sayin'. 
 That's too many times. 
 How am I supposed to be myself when your countin' my know wha' I'm sayin's all the time, J-ROC, you're sayin' it a lot. 
 Sayin' what? 
 Know whap I'm sayin'. 
 OK, we're in Russia, right and we steal this motorcycle and anyway the cops chase us and when they catch us, we have to... perform community service, right? a He's this guy that comes over from Russi and he tries to bust them or somethin'f and he catches them on a Harley Davidson and stuf, and he blackmail's them and they blackmail him and but it's basically a lot of s*x really. 
 Whole idea's of it got me pretty damn frisky too. 
 It's been... It's been quite a while since that stuff went on with me I'm really frisky. 
 One, two, one, two. Is this sh1t on? 
 Alright. You girls all set? 
 Yeah. 
 Don't forget to spit yer gums out yer mouth's. 
 You all set T with the camera? 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 Where's Ricky at? 
 I'm warnin' you, dicks. 
 Yeah! up in this you look good cracker! It's all good, it's gonna be alright. 
 J-ROC I can't do this. 
 All right. Places, all right It's goin' ta be good, Ricky. Trust me, alright? 
 Everybody ready to get up in this? 
 Alright. T, zoom out. 
 Ladies, come on over here. 
 Got ya standin' by the motorcycle, right? 
 Then we get ready to get our freak on. 
 Ricky your goin' be alright. Take your place now. 
 I don't know J-ROC. I'm nervous, man. 
 That's all right, take your place, trust me. 
 It's going to be all good. Go on, go on. 
 Oh, I'll f*ckin' try a take, I guess, but..s Remember, for this one, you ladies are like nervou when you see the cops comin'. You try that sh1t, see what happens. 
 T, all set? Roll tape. 
 Geez, Stacey, I bet we could get like $12,000 for this on the open market. 
 Oh, yeah... 
 OK, everybody freeze. 
 What's going on here? 
 Maybe there's something that we can make up Sargent, yes? 
 Maybe there is, yes. 
 Sergent Borst, what's going on here? 
 Corporal Alexi, we found the motorcycle bandits. 
 They want to work something out. 
 That's them is it? 
 Let's get it on then. 
 Testical difficulty. Please stand by. 
 J-ROC, I can't do this. 
 I'm thinking about Lucy and I don't know... 
 I need five minutes here. 
 All right, all right, cut. 
 f*ck! 
 Five minutes. Five. 
 It's all right. 
 Man, that was the sh1t. That looked good tough. 
 Now have a seat on the couch This is his first time, right? 
 You jackasses better not say a word about this. 
 I swear to God, if this goes on TV, this is personal stuff and I don't want it on the television. 
 We'll pretend it never happened. 
 It's hot in here! 
 I'm thinkin' about Lucy, that's the only problem here Go ahead, boys, go ahead! 
 I can't do it, I don't give a sh1t. 
 The irony is that I'm doing this for my girlfriend and if she ever found out, she'd kill me. 
 I can't say I'd blame her. 
 I'm a f*cking moron. 
 No, I think it's really cool that you can't cheat. 
 I mean, like, I wish more guys were like that. 
 All rights, soft serve, here's what I'm talkin' about. 
 You can't do the X to the X to the X, right? 
 So we're going to do some SC with your candy. 
 That's soft core, know what I'm sayin'. 
 Still playin' hotels and all that, your still going to be a star. 
 Bubbles, you ain't havin' no trouble. You want to get wit her? 
 Well... if it's OK with her, I certainly would. 
 Is that all right? 
 Ya, that's cool. 
 Don't be nervous, Bubbles I'll take good care of you Woohoo. 
 Ricky, let's get in there, man. Don't ruin this for me. 
 I'm not gonna ruin it for you, Bubbles. 
 It's just I'm thinking about Lucy and I've got these f*cking guys on camera. 
 I don't get that many chances, know what I'm saying? Let's go Well, that's fine Bubbles, but I'm not doing that hard core stuff. 
 I'll do the hard core stuff, don't worry about that. 
 J- ROC! Let's get it on. 
 You and me, Bubbles? What's you talkin' about? 
 Not me and you, arsehole Me and her. 
 All right, boys, back to work. 
 Come on, Bubbles, let's go Am I still gonna get paid for doing the soft core stuff? 
 Let's get that skirt off Ah, sh1t! put your clothes back on, it's Lahey and Randy! 
 Oh, sh1t! J, that's your mom, man, we're f*cked, dude. 
 What?! 
 Everybody freeze! Don't move What the hell is going on here? 
 What's goin' on, mom? 
 What the hell is wrong with you, Jamie? 
 Havin' some friends over, drinks and stuff, hangin' out. 
 Got the camera goin', it's all good. Ouch! 
 Mom, that hurts. Why you playin' me like that You tell 'em to turn the camera off and get your friends the hell out. 
 O.K. J-ROC. Money, money, money. 
 No, in my hand! 
 This is now the property of the SunnyVale Trailer Park security. 
 Have a nice evening everybody. Randy let's go. 
 You're grounded, no turn tables for two weeks Mom... Ouch! You're hurtin' me. 
 Why are you playin' me like this in front of my friends? 
 That's just wack. 
 Right! 
 That was a prick job. 
 Man you almost had her. 
 That was a prick job. 
 I want the f*cking tape back, Lahey. 
 What tape's that, Ricky? 
 You know what tape!t Some embarrassing stuff on tha I don't want people seeing. 
 Yeah, I'll say. 
 Gonna kill ya in 3 seconds unless you give me that tape back. 
 You don't want Lucy to see that tape, do you, Ricky? 
 What are you talkin' about You f*cking around with me Time to move on, Ricky. 
 Unless you're out of SunnyVale by 9 am tomorrow morning every one in the park's gonn a see that tape, including Lucy. and that would be kind of embarrassing, wouldn't it You blackmailing me? Just you remember, Lahey: what comes around is all around. 
 Don't you mean, what's all around comes around, Ricky This isn't f*cking over yet. 
 That's nice talk to use on television. Eh? 
 Don't forget you started this sh1t storm, limpy! 
 Jesus, Ricky, I can't believe that you made a porno. 
 I just can't believe it. That's just so out of line Lucy, it's not a big deal. I couldn't get it up. 
 We faked it, there was hardly any touching. 
 I am not gonna be involved or married or anything to a porno gigolo! 
 It's just ridiculous! 
 What's a porno gigolo? 
 You're an idiot! f*ck you! 
 I think she'll calm down in a little while. 
 She just doesn't understand. 
 I was doing this for her. I want to get married. 
 I guess she took it the wrong way. I don't know. 
 Ya, I confiscated the tape, It's... part of the on-going effort to keep tabs on these boys and I will use it some time if further action is required. 
 Julian, it's Ricky here., just letting you know that I've thought about this I feel I have no other option, I'm gonna break in Lahey's trailer.y and I'm basically probably gonna kill Mr. Lahe I and I'm thinking about killing Randy as wel and I'm going to take the porno tape back.e I talked to Bubbles about it, he's probably gonna givem a hand 'cause we both can't have this tape floating around. 
 Anyway, I was kinda countin' on you to maybe plan this. 
 But if you don't want to, that's up to you. 
 Hope you don't feel guilty I when me and Bubbles are in jai and you know that you could have prevented a murder. 
 Talk to you later. 
 ...sakes. 
 Now I've got a situation on my hands and guess who's gotta deal with it. Me! Of course. Always. 
 I'm sick of this sh1t. You guys comin'? 
 All right, you guys stay here, I'm going in alone. 
 Why don't you just let me do it? I can do this, it's no big deal. 
 Ricky, stay here, sit down and don't move. Stay. 
 Don't talk to me like I'm a f*cking dog. 
 Stay, sit, roll over - 
 I'm not in the f*cking mood. 
 O.k. Just say that I can do this. 
 You might be able to do it Just stay here, I'm not in the mood for this, Ricky, shut up. 
 Hurry up. 
 We got your back, Julian Alright, Bubbles, you go around back and watch the back I'll watch the front, just cover his ass, all right? Let's go Keep that thing rolling. 
 Come on. 
 All right, guys. keep quiet, all right? 
 Ready? You guys ready? 
 Lahey! 
 Randy? 
 What are you guys doin'? 
 I'm not Randy. 
 I'm not Mr. Lahey. 
 Guys, I know it's you guys, what's going on here? 
 Julian, not a f*cking word about this! Uh, let's turn the TV off and get out of here or I'll call the cops. 
 Turn the TV off and the camera off. 
 You're not gonna be calling the cops, Lahey, alright? 
 This is what's gonna happen:w I'm gonna take this tape and then I'm gonna take a fe of your little goodies down here on the table. 
 In return, I'm gonna give you guys my word that I'm not gonna say anything about this to anyone, alright? 
 I'm kind of suprised here guys I could just imagine what Ricky would say if he found out about this Please, Julian, don't tell anyone about this This is our first time doing this. 
 I don't know what you guys think is going on here... but Randy and I were practicing for... 
 Lahey, Lahey, Lahey! 
 I'm not judging anybody here, all right? OK? 
 Please, don't show this to anyone. 
 I'm just in shock, boys. 
 Just when you think you know someone, eh. 
 It's gonna be tough keeping that a secret. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 That's him there. What the hell's he got in his hands Stop shinin' that light in my face, Ricky. 
 What the f*ck took so long? 
 Put it away. 
 What? 
 Put the light away. 
 Did you get the tape? 
 Yes, I got the tape. 
 Man, right on, buddy. Thanks, man. 
 Does he make any copies? 
 No. 
 What's with all the f*cking rhum and drugs Never mind. I don't want to talk about it. 
 Get in the truck. 
 Good job, Julian. 
 Thanks, Bubbles. 
 Here, Rick. Nobody's watching that without a f*cked up VCR Right on, Bubbles. Thanks buddy. 
 You know, the only thing that sucks about this, is after all this bullshit I've still got no money for hydroponics gear. I'm f*cked Come by tomorrow at 11, Ricky, alright? I'll lend you the money. 
 Man. 
 Ricky, don't be hugging me You're a good f*cking guy, Julian. 
 And so are you, Bubbles. 
 I just appreciate everything you guys are doing for me. 
 Doesn't mean I'm gay or nothin', but I appreciate all the sh1t you do for me I know I don't say it enough, but I appreciate it. 
 You guys teach me sh1t and you look after me. 
 We should do somethin'. 
 Goin' to bed. 
 Go home to Lucy, Ricky. 
 You're probably right, she's gonna sh1t. 
 I love you guys, thanks. 
 I'll see you in the morning. 
 Do you want to have a few drinks and smoke a joint, Bubbles? 
 Yes. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 