Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - Fortitude 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=206&t=16520 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/13/15 08:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Dan : Can you give us an account of your whereabouts throughout Friday and into Friday evening? 
 I was with my brother Ciaran, in his shop. 
 Move it, move it! 
 Trish : Hildur's Glacier Hotel. 
 She can't go ahead without government say-so. 
 Charlie said in his message that he'd found something that changed everything. 
 Voicemail : Deleted. 
 Morton : Do you think it's a mammoth's tooth? 
 Natalie : Well, if it turns out that's what it is... 
 Please call me. 
 And only me. 
 Is this what got him killed? 
 Jules : What have you done? 
 Where did you go? 
 Dan : Are you seeing anybody? 
 Elena : Is that an official question? 
 (Moaning) 
 ♪ The river did come to me ♪ 
♪ Straight into my arms ♪ 
♪ I tried to caress it ♪ 
♪ But it ran through my fingertips... ♪ 
♪ Water will keep running, rivers will turn ♪ 
♪ Water will keep running and rivers will turn ♪ 
♪ Water will keep running, rivers will turn ♪ 
♪ Water will keep running and rivers will turn. ♪ 
 (Wind blowing) 
 (Snow crunching underfoot) 
 (Lights click on) 
 ♪ 
 (Lamp clicks on) 
 (Typing on keyboard) 
 ♪ 
 (Wind blowing) 
 Ingrid : I shut my eyes, but I just see his dead body. 
 Professor Stoddart. 
 Normally, I need seven hours, and then I can function. Any less and I'm cranky and easily distracted. How many did you get last night? None. And you? I didn't go to bed at all. Petra (On walkie-talkie) : Ingrid, it's Petra. Where are you? Hey Petra, I'm coming now. (Footsteps) You can keep that key. I'll get another one. Mm-hmm. Great. Bye. Bye. Good morning. Fresh coffee? Thanks. (Phone vibrating) (Phone still vibrating) Petra : Unknown person is discharging a firearm in Tavrani's premises. Shouts and screams from inside. No police in attendance yet. No information on casualties. You're closest, Dan. (Loud gunshot) (Gunshots) Henry? What the f*ck are you doing? Why, Sheriff! Now we're safe! Put the rifle down now, Henry. Okay, Henry. Look what he's done to my puffins. I shot the fucker! I shot the f*cking puffin! Solved the exile problem, Dan. Just shoot myself. Tavrani here will stuff me, stand me in arrivals. A warning: abandon hope, all ye who enter here. Abandon hope. Let go of the gun. Do it. Put me out of my misery. Don't tempt me. Come on. Come on. It's okay. Henry : I thought I'd just heave all this junk out into a skip and torch the lot. Yeah. Get rid of all the evidence. My life. Burn the lot. You can strike the match, Dan, on behalf of the Governor. Do the dirty work. That's what you do, isn't it? The bitch's dirty work. What is that? Now get the f*ck out. You have a killer to catch. Don't let me keep you, Sheriff. Get out, will you? Sit down, Henry. Out! Sit down. (Sniffling) Listen to me, Henry. No more guns. Stop behaving like a mad old b*st*rd. I promise I will find whoever killed Charlie. Keep your head down. No more public displays of rage. You said you didn't trust me because I'm a drunk. I did. And maybe all of this... this is all my fault, my fault you're drinking. Oh, no. No, I'm a drunk for reasons all of my own. I shot a man in the head. I killed a man. No, Henry. That was my doing. My fault, my responsibility. So tell me how. I can't. Man : GPR stands for...? Morton : Ground penetrating radar. Man : Okay, well, this is progress, isn't it? Yes, I guess. I mean, I found it in Stoddart's study. He was looking at the images himself, but the scan has Pettigrew's name on it. And it's creased and folded as though it's been passed around quite a bit. Well, I mean, where does the map lead us? What did Pettigrew find? I don't know, Bernard. "Max 2.5." Somebody wrote that in here, see that? We could be looking at an oil field the size of Belgium or the size of that bed over there, I don't know. Okay, Gene, I'll have Tech Resources examine it. Okay. Petra : Jason said he was with his brother last night, but we can't find Ciaran to check that out. Dan : Eric tried here last night? Petra : Yes... nothing. Jason doesn't have an alibi unless we get hold of Ciaran, but Ciaran is nowhere. Call his mobile. It's ringing. Keep trying. (Rattling doorknob) (Rattling doorknob) (Faint ringing) His phone's inside. (Knocking loudly) Ciaran?! Ciaran? Ciaran? Get the lights. (Struggling) (Gasping) Call an ambulance. (Gasping) Oh, f*ck. Petra : Medic and ambulance needed straight away, Ciaran Donnelly's camping shop. It was Ronnie! Ronnie Morgan. He came in here last night. (Gasping for breath) Ronnie wanted a boat. Didn't have any money, so I told him where to go. Wouldn't take no for an answer, so I... I picked up a big f*cking bowie knife off the display. He grabbed the blade, Dan. He grabbed the blade, twisted the knife right out of my hand. Then he just laid into me. If he's taken a boat, he could be anywhere. Ronnie's out of control. It was as if he was possessed. (Beeping) (Beeping continues) Liam? Liam! You're all right, sweetheart, I'm here. Liam! Help! Help! I don't know what's happening. Man : The Doctor's on her way. Liam! It's all right, sweetheart, I'm here, Liam. Do something! I'll check round the back. Petra : Carrie's rabbit's gone. Why would she take her rabbit? Companionship? Or maybe to make a casserole. Whoever killed the Professor must have been very strong. And very physically violent. Prescription pills in Ronnie's name, unopened. What are they? 800 mills thanatolinone. You know the name. These are anti-psychotics. He's left home without his med pills. Dan : We've had no trouble with Ronnie since he arrived here. No, none at all, but if he's off his medication... Then we have no way of knowing the severity of his condition. They don't prescribe anti-psychotics unless it's absolutely necessary. Ciaran said that he grabbed the knife by the blade. House to house. Anybody's seen them in the last 24 hours, we follow up. I'll get my gear. Frank and I will take the launch up the coast. Track the stolen boat. No. I'll go with Frank. Dan, I'd rather help Frank chase a murderer than drag my sore leg around town all day. Get busy. I've got the coordinates of Ronnie's boat from his GPS. He's about seven miles up the coast. I can easily follow his route since he left Fortitude harbor. And this. This is odd. He sailed 30 miles northwest, then he sailed all the way back. No sign of Carrie at home or at school? Ronnie must have her with him. The longer she's alone with him, the more she's at risk. We gotta go right now. (Car door closes) Liam had a fit this morning. He couldn't breathe. What kind of fit, is he all right? You have to go and see him. It's not right, Frank, what's happening to him, and they won't listen to me. He's asleep now. Just go and see him, Frank. Dan : I'm sorry, Jules. I need Frank. Yeah? Well, his son needs him more. Go and see him, Frank! Dan : What's going on with you two? Frank : I've moved out of the house. Dan : Into the hotel? Frank : I'm not talking about this just now. Dan : While your son is sick? Frank : There's nothing I can do about that, is there? Dan : Just concentrate on your job, Frank. I need you to do that. (Panting) The GPR scan that you gave to the Professor. Yes. Morton has the scan. He found it in the Professor's house and he took it. Who's Morton? The British policeman. He has the scan. Do you understand? I'm sorry. I don't care if you're sorry, Max. I don't... (Knocking) This little girl here is missing. Either of you seen her in the last 36 hours? Missing? No? Me, neither. Sorry, Officer, I'd love to help. You mind telling me your name, sir? Sorry, Officer, my friend's Russian. He doesn't speak English. So you speak Russian? I'm afraid not. Then how can he be your friend when you can't speak to each other? (Laughs) He's not really my friend. He just gave me a lift here. Out. He gave you a lift here, here you are. Out you get. Do I know you? (Speaking Russian) Dickless asshole. (Speaking Russian under his breath) Morton : This bear was in a fight. Who are you? You know who I am, Henry. You spoke to my colleague, DI Littlejohn, at the Pettigrew inquest. You remember? I am the inevitable consequence. Did you take this one too? Yeah. I took them all with my little camera. How close do you have to be to take something like that? Little camera, very long lens. They're very big, polar bears. Well, largest carnivore on the surface of God's earth, they are. So Pettigrew... What about him? Wandered out of town. Apparently so, yeah. Eaten by a bear. Terrible bad luck, there. You'd think he would have been fully cognizant of the risks. Apparently, he liked a drink. Do you have any idea what he was looking for up here, or what he might have found, even? None whatsoever. You were good friends with Professor Stoddart? Well, yes... good friends. Do you think their deaths are connected in any way? No, I don't. You don't? No. You know when they say, 
"your call may be recorded?" What they mean is, "your call is being recorded." Henry (From recording) : Billy Pettigrew wasn't eaten by a bear. He was murdered. Now Professor Charlie Stoddart has been murdered as well. The Governor is responsible. Her Sheriff killed them both. I can fly you to London and I can guarantee you protection. No point in that. Why not? That's not my voice. 
 
 (Motor whirring) Dan, can you pass me the GPS? Dan? Dan? Hildur : So you'd rather stay here than stay with Eric and me just now? Well, the service is definitely better. I need to go home. Okay. Trish : The next flight's on Thursday. I've booked a seat. I need to be alone. Okay, I understand. Morton : My theory is that somebody a long time ago in Fortitude came across a bag of gravel and they mistook it for a sack of coffee beans. The gravel habit stuck. Would anyone like one? Not for me. I've got things to do. Excuse me. You're good friends, huh? Yes, since she married Charlie. How is she doing? Not good. Hardly surprising. She moved out of your house? Yes. Hardly surprising. Really? Yeah. She thinks you killed her husband. What? She has a theory that Charlie was going to deny you permission for your Glacier Hotel, and that you had him killed. He didn't deny us permission. No, I know, but he was going to change his report. And he left a message saying that on her phone, a message which she believes you deleted. This is really what she thinks? Yes. And what do you think? Well, I asked myself, what scenario's more likely? A conspiracy involving a Governor and a Sheriff and a very lucrative Glacier Hotel, or some poor b*st*rd off his meds has a psychotic episode in a stranger's house? And? And... 50/50. (Vacuum cleaner whirring) (Humming) Eric : Carrie never said anything at all about her dad or how things were at home recently? I wish I could tell you something, but no. She seemed happy while she was around here? Yeah, always. So, one minute you're in Afghanistan, the next you're in the Arctic? Must be tough. Bit of a culture shock. I wasn't in Afghanistan. Oh. I was in family quarters at RAF Odiham in the UK while Frank was in Afghanistan. For long? Four years, maybe five. You hardly saw him. No. That's tough. Me and the Governor haven't been apart since we were married. You're married to the Governor? Yeah. She won't let me leave. She can't do anything without running it past me. Utterly dependent. I am the real power behind the throne. Hildy is simply my stooge, you know? (Laughs) Never tell her this. The truth might kill her. (Laughs) (Urinating) (Sniffing) (Bottle shatters) ♪ Dan (On megaphone) : Ronnie Morgan? This is Sheriff Anderssen, Fortitude Police. Ronnie, can you hear me? I need you to show yourself, Ronnie! Okay, Ronnie, we're going to have to come aboard! Shirley : You were teaching her to swim. Elena : Who? Carrie Morgan. She's gone missing. With her dad. Ronnie? Yeah. You know she's best friends with the little boy Liam? I think Frank Sutter is the man they should be looking at. He is violent and unstable. His son is in the hospital and now Carrie is missing from her home. Thank you. Sutter was in Afghanistan, you know. Terrible things happen there. Terrible things happen everywhere. Yeah, of course they do, but... Terrible things happen here. How is that burger? Delicious. Dan back? No. sh1t. You smell of very strong perfume. I found this at Frank Sutter's house. Frank Sutter's? Oh, my God. Whose blood is it? We have to tell Dan. Test the blood, see if it's animal or human. I'll try to get ahold of Dan. (Ringing) (Faint ringing) Ronnie! It's Sheriff Anderssen! (Rumbling) Dan : f*ck! Dan? Dan, you all right? Dan? Scared the f*cking life out of me. (Panting) Come on. How are you gonna get the money for the tickets to Norway if you can't get in the house? I'm going to bring them something we can sell. What? It's a surprise. Come on. (Dogs barking) (Barking and howling) Ronnie : The dogs'll look out for you. They're fierce dogs, huskies. But only when it comes to bears. A husky will never, ever attack a man. Ronnie : Oh, it's a wood burner. You'll be fine here. Can't I come with you? No, they'll be looking for a man and a little girl. I'm scared, Dad. Make us some dinner. It'll warm me up when I get back. Ronnie : I'll be back soon, and I'm going to bring you something marvelous. Natalie? They let me go. No charges. No connection to the Professor's death whatsoever. I was with my brother in his shop when it happened right up till me and you left. Your brother was attacked by Ronnie Morgan. That's right. So they think it's him? Yep. What're you doing with that? Yeah, I've been asked to analyze this by the Governor and DCI Morton. Oh. Right. And? It's a mammoth's tooth. Is that right? Radio carbon dating puts it at 32,000 years old. So where'd you get it? You mean is there more than just a tooth? Is there? What would it be worth to you if there was, Natalie? So where's the rest of it? Who are you? Vincent Rattrey, post-doctorate researcher. Jason : Badger boy! (Laughs) This is badger boy. Animal remains like this are required by law to be surrendered into the care of the research institute for study and archiving. Only if they're from here. Obviously. If this was genuinely from here, it would be an astonishing discovery and you'd be required to surrender the remains to us. Surrender them? That's right. I don't think I'd be inclined to surrender anything to you, Badgers. You wouldn't have a choice. It would be some discovery, wouldn't it? A mammoth on this island. First one ever. (Laughs) That thing's been in a drawer since we cleared out my uncle's house 20 years ago. He was in the Merchant Navy. Sailed the world and picked up sh1t like that all over the place. Right. Jason : You see, people believe what they want when they think there's profit and glory in it. (Knocking) They told me you took Charlie's report. Yes. It was commissioned by the government and it recommends that we proceed with the development, so I have to send it to the government Environmental and Development Agency. You shouldn't have taken it. Trish, it's my job, all right? It's my responsibility. Charlie was going to rewrite it. How would I know that? You listened to his message. Then you deleted it. God, I'm sorry, Trish. Have you spoken to Dr. Allerdyce? See if she can give you something. Just to calm you down. To help you sleep. I know you haven't been sleeping. DCI Morton knows all about you. Yes. He said you think I killed Charlie in order to get my hotel built. Trish, I would throw all this... the hotel, the glacier, the whole f*cking town... into the sea if it would bring Charlie back. You wiped the message, Hildy. ♪ (Door locks shut) (Door closes) (Exhales deeply) (Fumbling with lock) (Sawing) Frank : You think Ronnie's taken her back to town? Dan : How the hell should I know? I'm not a psychiatrist. Listen, Dan, have we got a problem? I don't know, Frank, do we? No, well, I don't, but I'm getting a lot of hostility, here. Okay then, Frank, I'll tell you what my problem is. You're letting your private life interfere with your job. I'm what? Your wife on the harbor causing a scene because you've walked out on her and you've left your kid. f*ck you. No, f*ck you, Frank! There's a little girl missing and her father's a possible danger to them both, and half the time you're so caught up in all the sh1t you've created in your own life, you and Elena, when you should be concentrating on your job. That's enough! Listen, my family life is none of your business. And neither is who I f*ck. We're going back. We need to keep looking. No. We lose light in hour. We go back. (Dogs barking and howling) (Fire crackling) (Howling) (Barking and howling) Shh! Quiet down, now. These are for you. I'm famished. Are you all right? Oh, I'm so hungry. Do you know what they are? They're from the monster. They're ivory. Worth a lot of money. Look, Carrie. I want you to know something. Come here. Look... something bad happened. Someone got badly hurt. It was nothing to do with me, but the police will think it was because the man that did it was a friend of mine. It means the police will make sure you and I are separated. Do you understand? No. When mum passed on, I didn't manage things too well for a little while. Not getting you ready for school in time. And crying. They wanted to put you into care. I told them then, and this is what I'm telling you now: I will never, ever let that happen to you. Right. That's it. Right, then. ♪ (Motor whirring to a stop) Eric, what are you doing here? I found a T-shirt in Frank's bathroom. It's soaked in blood. Petra's testing it to see if it's human. Dan : He's been lying to me. I knew he was lying. Dan? Keep him here. Where's Petra? Dan, it's human blood. We've found human blood all over Frank Sutter's T-shirt. What? It's Frank Sutter. I couldn't just keep him there, Dan. He's at the hotel. (Water running) (Panting) (Loud bang) Sheriff? Get out! (Faint shouting) (Screaming) Get out! (Panting) Get out! Get out! Now! (Sobbing) ♪ (Faint voice over police radio) If that's not the case, what is the case, Sheriff? Do you know something that we don't? Why did you attack him? Is your relationship with Dan Anderssen also sexual? You kept this fact secret from me. Elena : It's bad for Frank and it's bad for me too. Frank was at home with Liam? Morton : Yes or no. Frank : DNA doesn't lie, does it? Morton : You're right. It never does. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 