Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Episode 5 - Rebellion 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=537&t=24979 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/01/16 05:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 It's all for nothing. 
 And it hurts. 
 We need to fight with our brains, as well as our hearts. 
 I am sorry Mrs Mahon. 
 (Crying) 
 They killed him! (Crying) 
 What about your friends? 
 Should you not stand with them? 
 What good would I be doing to them in prison? 
 The battle's fought, but the war's just beginning. 
 ( Loud clanging ) 
 Fire! 
 ( Gunfire ) 
 Break it down. 
 What are you doing? 
 My God, what are you doing? 
 Where are they? 
 Who? 
 You know who I'm talking about. 
 No, they're good girls, they haven't done anything wrong! 
 Oh my God what are you doing!? 
 Where are they? 
 No, get out of my house, get out of my house! 
 What are you doing in my house? 
 The back room! 
 They're not there, nobody's here. 
 Under the beds! 
 You've no right. 
 Where are they Mrs Cosgrave? 
 They're out I told you. 
 It's empty. 
 That's the attic. 
 No one's been up there since Mr Cosgrave passed away. 
 I'm a law abiding citizen. 
 There's nothing up there. 
 (Shouting from background) Where's this door lead? 
 Where's this lead? 
 It's an alleyway. 
 Detective! Detective here, the back door. 
 Detective! 
 Check the alley way, up and down. 
 Look what you've done to the place! 
 ( Coo of pigeons ) 
 ( Slam of door downstairs ) 
 ( Slide of bolt ) 
 ( Clunk of bolt ) 
 Haven't I enough to contend with, why did you have them fetch me to this place Jimmy? 
 You're allowed see one person before... 
 I want your forgiveness. 
 My boy is dead. 
 Buried without his father. 
 Who I discover has been sent back to the front, without being allowed to bury his only son because of this trouble. 
 I can't forgive you. 
 That's the only reason I came Jimmy, to tell you I can't forgive you. 
 God help me. 
 (Bangs on door) 
 Jimmy, get me out. 
 (Bangs door) 
 I'm sorry. 
 (bangs door and sobs) 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry. 
 ( Wheezing and groaning ) 
 ( Loud wheezing ) 
 Sit the man down! 
 ( Groaning ) 
 Priest! 
 (Priest whispers blessing) 
 Miss. 
 Close the gate! 
 ( Loud clang ) 
 Attention! 
 Ready... 
 Aim... 
 Fire! 
 ( Gunfire ) 
 ( Gunfire ) 
 Squad, right turn! 
 I lost my nerve George. 
 And I am glad you did, and no one needs to know about this so long as you agree to return to duty. 
 How can I lead my men? 
 If you refuse to return to duty you'll face a court martial, cowardice and desertion. 
 At best your reputation is in tatters and you'll have to wear the badge of a coward for the rest of your life. 
 I can't go back. 
 Everyone now marches to the military drum, even the lawyers, the champions of civil society. 
 Stephen I'm begging you... 
 Deals are all very well and good in theory George, but this world is one large slaughter house. 
 You should be back with your own. 
 Am I not with my own Stephen? 
 Are you? 
 I'm sorry Nelly. 
 I'm going to turn myself in. 
 No May, you can't give in to them. 
 They're not going to stop until they find me. 
 I can't go on hiding like this. 
 You have to think of your future. 
 I'll sort it. 
 Trust me. 
 ( Loud clank ) 
 ( Door bolt clunk ) 
 Stand to attention. 
 Stand him up. 
 You James Mahon did take part in an armed rebellion against His Majesty the king, and having been tried by courts martial are found guilty, and sentenced to death. 
 Handcuff him. 
 All of your personal belongings will be delivered to your family. 
 On your feet! 
 (Shout in the background) 
 Stand tall men! 
 Wait there. 
 At ease! 
 I came out to fight for an Irish Ireland, and I am willing to give my life in the pursuit of it. 
 We'll have to release you. 
 I'm willing to die for Ireland. 
 That's good, but too many have died for it already. 
 Please discharge the prisoner. 
 Sir. 
 Name? 
 George... 
 Good God, Lizzie. 
 Please take a seat Ms Butler. 
 This prisoner poses no threat, you may leave. 
 Yes, sir. 
 You should be defending us George. 
 And you shouldn't have been out there in the first place, what were you thinking? 
 Why shouldn't I? 
 Nine days of these damned trials. 
 We've done our best. 
 Between the accused who refuse to defend themselves and a regime intent on drowning this rebellion in a sea of blood. 
 Was there a prisoner named Jimmy? 
 James Mahon, George? 
 He's been tried already. 
 Refused to even recognise the court, what could we do? 
 What do you mean what could you do? 
 God, you've been here at Kilmainham Lizzie, you women must have heard them every morning. 
 I wouldn't have thought you and this Mahon were close... 
 Which morning George? 
 I understand General Maxwell ratified the sentence yesterday. 
 Why do you ask about him and you don't ask anything about Stephen? 
 (Quiet sobbing) 
 We need to talk about your case Lizzie. 
 I'll do all I can for you. 
 Recommend leniency. 
 If you testify that you were misled, perhaps by this Mahon character, you could say he persuaded you? 
 Why is it you men think that every serious thing a woman does is the result of being in love with some man, or being misled by some man? 
 I beg your pardon, I was only trying to help. 
 I know what you were trying to do. 
 What every man tries to do to every woman. 
 I know my own mind George. 
 In that case I have no alternative. 
 You will be detained here to await sentencing. 
 Take her! 
 ( Children laughing ) 
 What did the police want? 
 Was it about Peter? 
 It was Jimmy. 
 Is he okay? 
 Why did they want to see you? 
 He just wanted to know we're all right. 
 The police came out all this way, to get you, so Jimmy could ask you if we're all right? 
 They're going to shoot him, aren't they? 
 Not after Peter, now da being sent off. 
 What are we going to do? 
 We keep going Minnie. 
 That's what we've got to do. 
 It's all we can do. 
 You should be gone to work. 
 My uncle's going to be executed. 
 Has been for all I know. 
 To hell with work! 
 Mrs Butler gave us the money for Peter's funeral, without that I don't know how we'd be surviving, so hurry along and don't be abusing that good woman's generosity. 
 I earned that money myself. 
 How could you earn Ј10 skivvying? 
 Hmm? 
 She's a saint. 
 The one good thing that's happened us. 
 (Baby gurgles) 
 (Sobbing) 
 Can your friends at the castle not do anything? 
 I talked to Hammond for you, he's under something or other. 
 He tells me that they're powerless. 
 Secret executions, dawn raids, hundreds, thousands being held without charges. 
 General Maxwell acting like... an eastern potentate! 
 And these are the people you tell me that we must remain loyal to Edward? 
 They're stamping out disloyalty. 
 No Edward, forced loyalty is slavery. 
 What is it? 
 Nothing. 
 Since Elizabeth was named amongst the rebel prisoners many of my oldest and best customers have asked to withdraw their business. 
 I don't blame them. 
 No one wants to bank with someone whose own child was among the rabble. 
 She isn't a child Edward, and they are not rabble. 
 However much you or your friends might disagree with them. 
 And it's your bank. 
 Let the old families leave. 
 There will be new ones. 
 They're our people darling, well my people at least. 
 Well, you can be... 
 England's slave and that of your customers. 
 But not me. 
 What is it you've got against her Coleman? 
 Me, I can understand why you wouldn't like me. 
 But Lizzie? 
 She's different. 
 She wants to help people, those less fortunate than herself, while wastrel that I am, I'd give anything for her, because she's my better self. 
 Withdraw your statement Coleman, it's a pack of lies anyway, say you were mistaken. 
 Is this the money your father reported stolen? 
 That was taken by a slavey, my mother ill advisedly took on, this money's mine. 
 Now it's yours. 
 Bribing a detective? 
 I wonder what your father will make of this? 
 Prisoners, by order of General Maxwell, all further death sentences have been commuted to life with immediate effect, thank God. 
 Have these men taken to Richmond barracks. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Prisoners, right turn. 
 Follow me. 
 (Soldier) What's the purpose of your journey? 
 (Newspaper boy in background) Evening News, first edition, Prime Minister Asquith in Dublin. 
 ( Clack of typewriters and ring of phones ) 
 ( Knock on door ) 
 Enter. 
 I've come to turn myself in. 
 This document you stole, I can bury it. 
 How? 
 I'll say that it was in fact a military intelligence ruse to mislead the rebels, I'll say that I asked you to convey it to them. 
 Why would you help me like that? 
 As you know, Vanessa and I have long wanted a child. 
 All charges would go away, May. 
 Perhaps I could even arrange for a promotion? 
 It really will be for the best. 
 And I don't want our child to be born in prison. 
 So it's about you? 
 Your child. 
 This world is not a welcoming place to illegitimate children, or to fallen women. 
 How did I fall Charles? 
 Did I fall alone? 
 That's how the world sees it. 
 And I didn't cause you to commit treason. 
 
 
 
 ( Knock on door ) 
 Come in. 
 Ms Lacey, I heard you were in the building. 
 Excuse me Detective, I'm talking with Ms Lacey. 
 Mr Hammond, you know we've been wanting to have a word with her for a number of days now. 
 This matter is now subject to Royal inquiry, and therefore outside your jurisdiction and within mine. 
 Ms Lacey? 
 Thank you, Detective. 
 Let me know. 
 Soon. 
 Right, Mahon, Swann, Murphy, De Valera, out you get, come on, come on. 
 So you're the Spaniard? 
 I'm an Irish man. 
 Mick Malone, the rest of us could have held out a lot longer if you'd sent those reinforcements, as agreed. 
 As a leader, I followed my conscience. 
 My conscience is clear. 
 It shouldn't be. 
 Jimmy Mahon! 
 Howya Victor. 
 Victor has risen from the dead. 
 Can't shoot a man born to be hanged huh? 
 Attention! 
 Our last Commandant still living. 
 Desmond. 
 At ease. 
 George? George, wait! 
 Mrs Butler. 
 Have you seen the woman prisoners? 
 Yes. 
 Elizabeth? 
 This morning. 
 Could you persuade the military to let us see them? 
 I have no authority over them. 
 What about Stephen? 
 I'm afraid he's not in a position to help. 
 Could you not tell them that we don't condone their actions, that we want to talk some sense into them? 
 I'm sure General Maxwell would approve, might even appreciate our help. 
 I'm begging you, George. 
 Take her. 
 (Whispers) mammy. 
 Elizabeth? 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I'm proud of you. 
 You fought for your beliefs. 
 You wouldn't keep an animal in such conditions. 
 They even took the food away I brought you. 
 Elizabeth have they told you what they propose doing with you? 
 We heard they're sending the men to prison in England. 
 England? 
 Elizabeth, listen to me. 
 If you just tell them you've been a foolish girl, then they'll let you come home. 
 Please! 
 I'm sorry. 
 I can't. 
 Daddy? 
 I've got a small confession to make... 
 Daddy? 
 Good afternoon, the police please. 
 He begged me to forgive him. 
 And did you? 
 I couldn't. 
 We can't all aspire to Our Lord's compassion. 
 But he will understand that in time you will forgive your brother in law. 
 But I won't, father. 
 Never. 
 All my life I've not had a choice. 
 I've been told what to do and what my feelings should be, and for once it was my choice. 
 And I did what I felt to be true. 
 And I felt what you must feel every day. 
 I felt power over a man. 
 What kind of power is that over a condemned man? 
 Compassion, that is what lies in our heart. 
 Not mine father, mine's full of hate. 
 You cannot follow hatred, that's what leads to everything we've just been through. 
 You withold your forgiveness for a man who faces execution, and ask me to grant you the Lord's forgiveness? 
 Yeah. 
 I cannot do it. 
 I will not give you the solace of his absolution. 
 Then your God's no better than me. 
 It's his heart. 
 It appears to be natural causes. 
 See? 
 Didn't have to pay me a visit Mr Coleman. 
 I simply telephoned to say that we discovered the missing money, or most of it, that my father must have simply mislaid it, he obviously hasn't been well. 
 He officially reported the theft. 
 Well as head of the household now, I'm happy to withdraw the report, and I apologise for the waste of your time. 
 We'll dust the place for fingerprints nonetheless. 
 Really detective, no crime has been reported or committed. 
 I would have to protest to the Commissioner, please. 
 Oh Sylvester will see you out. 
 Well, well, chop, chop, no more to be done. 
 These executions are an abomination, Archbishop, the Church should speak out. 
 The Prime Minister, Mr Asquith is visiting Dublin today, I'll impress upon him the need for clemency if the rule of law is to sustain here. 
 English law? 
 Administered by an English general, with no prior knowledge of or sensitivity to, Ireland. 
 You haven't turned Republican, have you Mulcahy? 
 No. 
 But public opinion is changing Your Grace. 
 Every priest can feel it in their parish. 
 Each execution brings a fresh wave of public anger. 
 But this anger has no public outlet. 
 We should lead the people, not be led by them. 
 Come in. 
 I telegrammed your old reverend mother, I've arranged for you to return home. 
 This is my home, Auntie. 
 No, this is my home. 
 And you've turned it upside down. 
 There's a wildness in your blood Frances, same as your mother. 
 I'm not my mother. 
 And just like her, you've fallen in with the wrong crowd. 
 The reverend mother's found you a housekeeping job, a widower, good man, all the better to handle you. 
 Handle me? 
 Till you settle down and rid yourself of these notions. 
 What notions? 
 That I might be able to live my life as I choose to? 
 It's not every illegitimate child has the chances you've had Frances. 
 The nuns taking you in after your mother wouldn't have you. 
 Wasn't allowed to keep me. 
 You can't stay here Frances. 
 Suicide is the most cowardly act of all. 
 If this Field Court-martial finds me guilty today, I am prepared to face the consequences. 
 Do you think us so foolish as to execute a man of your standing? 
 An Irish Member of Parliament, at a time such as this? 
 In that case sir, I request that you grant me an honourable discharge. 
 As I said, do you think us so foolish? 
 You'll have no discharge, either honourable or dishonourable. 
 This court finds that there was no attempted suicide, and that the accused is of sufficient health and soundness of mind to return to the front. 
 But sir... 
 In that case I wish to return to the ranks. 
 You want to be a hero, Lieutenant, be a hero. 
 You're to be transferred to the front in France immediately. 
 But you'll have to be a hero at your current rank, Lieutenant, though restassured, I'll see to it that you won't be burdened by further honours in the future. 
 Yes, sir. 
 I'm going to the Western Front. 
 This war can't be just something we ask our boys to do for us. 
 It's what I want to do. 
 Something to be passionate about, like you have the law. 
 Most of my clients have deserted me. 
 These trials, they've destroyed what little reputation I was trying to build. 
 But you were trying to uphold the law. 
 Whose law? 
 British law. 
 Exactly. 
 Law only functions once a society believes in it. 
 I have to go back to where it holds more sway, where I'm not seen as some foreigner in my own country. 
 I've written to my father, I've told him I'll come back to Belfast and help him with the factory. 
 You should be pleased, isn't that why you came down to Dublin? 
 Don't go back. 
 Come back to Belfast with me? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Hello? 
 I saw you went to the Castle. 
 You spying on me? 
 No, not you. 
 I went to see Charles. 
 He said he'd make our problems go away. 
 And how would he do that? 
 He wants my baby. 
 No, May. 
 Maybe he's right Fran. 
 What kind of life can I hope to give it? 
 It will ruin both of ours. 
 No that baby is yours, I'll make our problems go away, I told you. 
 All these years I've been going to clubs and secret societies, and I've heard people, men, talking about freedom, telling me what it is and I've never known. 
 But when I was out on Easter week May, for the first time in my life I felt what it was. 
 That I wasn't a b*st*rd orphan, the woman who had to go and do what a man would have her go and do. 
 I didn't have to bow my head to a Lord Lieutenant or a Reverend Mother, I walked tall. 
 I felt ten feet tall, May. 
 You killed someone, didn't you? 
 How do you think we lost our freedom? 
 You think the English used gentle persuasion? 
 It was by sword and arrow and cannon and gun they did it. 
 When it wasn't, it was by blackmail and treachery. 
 Just like your Mr Hammond. 
 It's the only way we'll get back what we've lost. 
 Lord Asquith is welcome here any day of the week, I doubt they're serving better food in the Houses of Parliament itself! 
 And a Woodbine and all to polish it off, and there you thought you stuffed your last, Jimmy Mahon. 
 One of the soldiers offered me a half crown, for a few slices of beef and a spud. 
 The boot is well and truly on the other foot now. 
 ( Door opens ) 
 Aren't you going to finish? 
 (Soldier) Get up! Everybody up! 
 You're shipping out! 
 On your feet, look lively! 
 Jimmy, one of the lads heard you saying that Mr De Valera let you down at the Mount Street Bridge battle, and that he lost his nerve over in Kilmainham? 
 Yeah, others with him at Boland's Mill said he was crazy half the week. 
 There's a feeling as the only Battle Commander left alive, we should all swing in behind him. 
 Yeah, but I'm Citizen's Army, Desmond, he's not my commandant. 
 All the same, we've got to stick together. 
 And there's some lads saying that they'll shoot anyone that says he lost it, or wasn't the brains behind Mount Street. 
 Now I'm just passing the word on. 
 Mick, do you have a light? 
 (Soldier) All right Paddies, fall in, two lines, facing me. 
 Come on, come on! 
 Left turn. 
 Quick march. 
 Mummy? 
 Perhaps it's a blessing he's died, rather than watch his world pass away. 
 Your father thought I spoiled you. 
 Because you were kind. 
 And generous, enjoyed life, while he... 
 He was right Harry. 
 I let you live your life without interfering or judging you. 
 I had hoped that you would find your own way to becoming a responsible grown-up, but you haven't. 
 Now you are head of the house, you have responsibilities thrust upon you. 
 The world is changing, Harry. 
 So must you. 
 I'll change. 
 I promise. 
 From tomorrow. 
 ( Knock on door ) 
 Enter. 
 I've considered your proposal sir, to go to England to study for the senior grade exams, and I would like to accept. 
 I'm delighted, May. 
 On certain conditions. 
 I do not wish to be beholden to the generosity of Mrs Hammond again. 
 I'm sure other accommodation can be arranged. 
 And on completion, I will be appointed to a senior post back here in Dublin. 
 I'll see what I can arrange. 
 Please do. 
 Thank you sir. 
 If it isn't my little floozy, there's many were looking for you, but I managed to put them off your trail. 
 Truth is, I'm a bit sad tonight, father died. 
 Mr Butler? 
 The very one. 
 But before I assume the heavy burden of his mantle, I intend to get completely blotto one last time and I could do with some company. 
 Plenty more where that came from. 
 You got any fizz, barman? 
 Yeah. 
 Smoking now, quite the grown-up, aren't we? 
 ( Shouting ) 
 (Shout in the background) Up the volunteers! 
 Here they come guys. 
 Policeman : You keep quiet, you keep quiet. 
 ( Shouting ) 
 ( Shouting ) 
 Tommy told me they're marching them down as well. 
 Maybe they're on the boat. 
 They'll hardly billet us with the women. 
 You've got it bad Jimmy. 
 ( Shouts and cheering and jeering ) 
 ( Cheering and shouting ) 
 Jimmy, Jimmy! 
 Get back! 
 Up the worker's Republic! 
 Up the rebellion! 
 Come on ladies, get in line, two by two, come on. 
 Forward march ladies. 
 (baby whimpers) 
 ( Gunshots ) 
 ( Cheering outside ) 
 Is that the Prime Minister, I heard he was in town? 
 They sneaked him off to Belfast earlier on the QT, the crowds cheer for them for executing them poor fellas, it's the rebels they're cheering. 
 Is that a fact? 
 Yeah. 
 Good God. 
 Well, up Lizzie... and up the bally Irish, and up me too! 
 I've got plans for this brave new, Hibernian world! 
 (Laughs) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 