Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Deterioriation - Complications 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Deterioriation https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=348&t=19871 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/09/15 17:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Deterioriation 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 John : Previously on  Complications... 
 John : There's been a gang shooting. 
 I guess we're together on one thing... 
 Enough people died tonight. 
 Antoine Tyler, only son of Ezera Tyler, head of the Vine City Crew. 
 I was hoping you could tell me where Antoine is. 
 My son is your responsibility, until I say he isn't. 
 You and me, we're on the same side. 
 I'm just on the side that keeps everyone alive. 
 John : I spoke to Darius, I told him the Locos were planning a retaliation, but now he knows when they're coming. 
 So it's an ambush? 
 I can't let that happen. 
 John : One of the Norteños was visited by a pastor from northeast Atlanta. 
 I need to tell him what I know. 
 Mando : You made a mistake coming down here, Doc. 
 [groans] 
 Don't move. 
 [screams] 
 Are you all right? 
 I'm okay. 
 Are you saying you've never looked John in the eye and got the feeling that something was wrong, that there was something he wasn't telling you? 
 I need to know what's going on. 
 I have to tell you what happened after I saved Antoine Tyler. 
 ♪ My, my, my it's a beautiful world ♪ 
♪ I like swimming in the sea ♪ 
♪ I like to go out beyond the white breakers ♪ 
♪ Where a man can still be free ♪ 
♪ Or a woman if you are one ♪ 
♪ I like swimming in the sea ♪ 
 John : Okay, everybody, we're here. 
 Vacation begins... now. 
 John : All right, sweetie, take your time. 
 Ollie, want to give me a hand with the bags? 
 Is there still time to go down to the lake? 
 I think it's a little late for that, don't you? 
 Please? I just want to look. 
 Well, maybe if you bring your flashlight. 
 Becky, do you want to go down to the lake with your brother? 
 I'm sorry, I'm a little cold. 
 Can I go inside? 
 Of course, sweetie, yeah. Dad can light a fire. 
 Yeah, sounds great. 
 Come on, let's get you inside. 
 We'll go in the morning, okay? 
 How you doing there? 
 Doing okay. 
 Yeah? 
 A little tired. 
 Well, that's fine, 'cause we're on vacation. 
 The whole point is to rest, right? 
 Hmm. 
 Dad, why do you think I got sick? 
 Remember we talked about how, um, how the DNA in your blood cells got bad instructions? 
 Not how I got sick, why. 
 I don't know why. 
 Mom says things happen for a reason. 
 I'm not sure if that's true. 
 Oh, no. No, Becky. 
 That is absolutely true. 
 I know that we are here for a reason. 
 And I know that you are my... my daughter for a reason. 
 What reason? 
 Well, that's for us to figure out. 
 You make us happy. 
 I mean, that's one good reason I can think of. 
 I want to, but I feel like I just make you and Mom sad now. 
 No. 
 No, no, no, sweetheart. 
 [sighs] 
 You have always made us so happy. 
 [sighs] 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Samantha : John, I understand what you did. 
 What I can't wrap my head around is, what were you thinking? 
 I don't know. It's... it's hard to explain. 
 It's like when a child codes in the ED. 
 No doctor wants to be the one to call time of death, even if it's hopeless, but you just... 
 You know, you don't... You don't give up. 
 It was the same feeling I had when Becky was sick. 
 I just wanted to keep fighting and fighting. 
 But with Antoine, I felt like I could do something, like I could... I could change something. 
 I didn't want to feel helpless again. 
 You don't think I know that feeling, John? 
 But lying to the police, working with gangs, setting fires. 
 For God sakes, I mean, how... 
 I just kept thinking, you know, it's... it's... It's almost over. 
 But it just got worse and worse, and I-I couldn't... I couldn't stop it. 
 Well, it has to stop now. 
 You're a doctor, okay? 
 What would you say to someone who came to you and told you they were acting like this? 
 [sighs] 
 You would say they need help. 
 I was just trying to... 
 I know, and we will deal with this, but we have to do it together. 
 [groans] 
 I called my sister about staying at their place in Biloxi. 
 They're gonna see what they can do. 
 I just want to find something quickly. 
 What about your job? 
 Have you talked to anyone at the... at the firm? 
 I'm gonna ask about working remotely. 
 I mean, they're already upset with me. 
 It can't get much worse. 
 Hey there, kiddo. Shouldn't you be thinking about bed? 
 Oliver : I was in bed, but... 
 But what, Ollie? 
 There's police cars outside, a bunch of 'em. 
 [doorbell rings] 
 [knock at door] 
 Evening, Dr. Ellison. 
 What can I do for you, Detective? 
 Well, I was in the neighborhood. 
 I wanted to drop this off personally. 
 It's a subpoena for the preliminary hearing for Oscar Rodriguez. 
 John : Is this for Antoine Tyler? 
 You came into this hospital to kill my patient? 
 So you bring this many police officers to deliver a subpoena? 
 The DA said she wasn't... 
 Guess she changed her mind. 
 Law enforcement testimony should be more than enough. 
 You're talking to the wrong person about that. 
 All I know is the DA likes the idea of having a respectable doctor on the stand. 
 See ya in court tomorrow. 
 Samantha : The reason I didn't call yesterday was because my husband wasn't served with a subpoena until after you closed. 
 I understand. 
 Yeah, and if I filed that extension, you wouldn't even see it until after the hearing. 
 woman : You'll have to speak with the judge when he arrives. 
 Yeah. 
 All right? 
 Fine, yeah. Thank you so much for your help. 
 Unbelievable. This is blatant harassment. 
 I mean, how many police cars did he bring to our house last night? 
 I think that was a show for the neighborhood. 
 Yeah, of course it was, and a subpoena for the next day? 
 I think we can fight this. 
 And then what? 
 They'll just reschedule the hearing and bring me in later. 
 It'll just keep us here longer. 
 Maybe, but I... 
 Sam. 
 Let me just get it over with. 
 I'll testify. 
 We can go. 
 [sighs] 
 This is it. We are officially out of cereal. 
 What about the flakes with the crunch berry things? 
 All the cereal, Jed, all of it's gone. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Look, Gretch, my hand, it's like a... it's really shaking. 
 Should I have another one of those Suboxone things? 
 No, not for another five hours. 
 Wait, but look how much it's shaking, man. 
 You're not gonna kick a 10-Dilaudid-a-day habit without a little shaking. 
 You're gonna have to ride this out, Jed. 
 [cell phone buzzes] 
 Yeah? 
 That's how you answer the phone when I call you now? 
 Whenever you call this early, it's usually not good. 
 Ingrid : That is so unfair. 
 Who is it? 
 Really? What is it then, Ingrid? 
 Remember Amber, the blond with the fat Chihuahua? 
 I remember a blond with a coke problem. 
 Ingrid : She's four months clean, okay? 
 Anyway, her ass-hat boyfriend kicked her out, stole all her money. 
 She needed a place to crash and I told her she could. 
 No, no, no. No, you didn't. 
 She slept on my floor for one night, one freaking night, and the rehab Nazis are kicking me out. 
 Ingrid, I just got you back in there and then you have someone stay over? They have rules there. 
 So I'm just supposed to let a recovering addict sleep on the street? 
 That's what you would have done? 
 When are you gonna be here? 
 I'm still packing, an hour, two? 
 Listen, I have a shift. 
 You can come over, but you should know that Jed's here, and he's detoxing, and you cannot screw that up. 
 What, you think I'd get him high? 
 I know how you are. 
 [scoffs] I'll behave, okay? 
 I'll see you when I get home. Bye. 
 [indistinct chatter in distance] 
 [gunshots, brakes squeal] 
 He's dying! That dude shot him! 
 New ride? 
 It's a rental. 
 Uh, I wanted to, um... 
 I think it's time we got Antoine home. 
 His lung infection's clearing up, and, you know, the proper care unit... 
 Hold up there. 
 That proper care you're talking about, that's your job. 
 Doc, it sounds like you trying to back out on us. 
 No, no, that's not... 
 You know, yesterday the Locos never rolled on us like you said they was gonna. 
 Word going around is that someone warned 'em we'd be ready. 
 I was trying to keep people from getting killed. 
 See that? 
 That's how the Locos greeted me in northeast Atlanta. 
 And I'm on my way right now to testify against the man who attacked me in the hospital while Antoine was there. 
 You're saying I'm on their side? 
 Fine. 
 Get us what we need to take care of 'Toine, but I'm gonna tell you something. 
 If anything goes wrong, if he so much as cough too hard, it's on you. 
 Samantha : You ready? 
 John : As ready as I can be. 
 How long is this gonna take? 
 Well, a hearing like this should go pretty quick. 
 The prosecution just needs to show enough evidence for trial, so they'll keep the questions for you short and sweet. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, thanks for being here. 
 Of course. 
 It's okay, just keep going. 
 Mando : Hey, man, good to see you. 
 This your lady? 
 Damn, Doc, you doin' all right. 
 Get the hell away from us. 
 Hey, man, I was just trying to be nice. 
 I said back off! 
 Hey! That's enough. 
 We're good, man. 
 Move. 
 We'll talk later, huh? 
 You okay? 
 Right on time, Doctor. 
 They're ready for you. 
 Rice : And then what happened? 
 John : Dr. Sherman and I tried to restrain him, and that's when he pulled the knife. 
 Just so we're clear, is the man who cut you in the courtroom today? 
 Yes. 
 The defendant, Oscar Rodriguez. 
 Rice : No further questions. 
 Herrera : Dr. Ellison, were you Mr. Rodriguez's physician that night? 
 No. No, not directly. 
 Oh, I see. 
 Do you usually interfere with other doctor's patients? 
 I wasn't, uh... 
 Dr. Sherman asked me for a consult. 
 I took a look at the patient's x-ray and realized that his injuries were not consistent with his story. 
 So you rushed into the room of a patient who wasn't yours, and you insisted he removes his clothing and then tried to physically restrain him when he refused. 
 There was a little more to it than that. 
 And this was all barely 24 hours after you gunned down a Latino youth in the street. 
 That was self-defense. 
 What about the man that you attacked in the hospital waiting room? Also self-defense? 
 Banks : Counselor, where are you going with this? 
 I'm establishing a prejudice this witness has that predates... 
 Save it for trial, Mr. Herrera. 
 I've heard enough to make my ruling. 
 You may step down, Dr. Ellison. 
 Rice : One more thing, Your Honor. 
 Before we dismiss this witness, we ask this court that his travel privileges be withheld until after his testimony at trial. 
 Detective Holden from the APD Gang Task Force can attest to the fact that Dr. Ellison and his wife have arranged to leave town for an extended period. 
 No, no, you can't do... 
 Please, Your Honor, he can come back for any hearing the prosecution... 
 Mrs. Ellison. 
 No, there are serious safety concerns! 
 Sit down, Mrs. Ellison. 
 The travel restriction is granted. 
 Don't go disappearing on us, Dr. Ellison. 
 Hello, Winston. 
 [doorbell rings] 
 Hey. 
 You should have called. I wasn't expecting you. 
 Ever since the house was broken into, you've been asking me what's going on, and I've been telling you that everything's fine. 
 [sighs] 
 But everything's not fine. 
 And now I'm caught in the middle. 
 I am taking care of Antoine for one gang and being forced to testify against the other. 
 What can I do? 
 I was hoping that, uh, you'd let the three of us stay here for a while. 
 Oh, it sounds like your problems are running a lot deeper than just a place to stay. 
 Yeah, but I-I got to focus on keeping Sam and Ollie safe. 
 We just got to get through this part, you know, just let it blow over. 
 Blow over? 
 If there's enough blood being spilled, time's gonna make it worse, not better. 
 Folks are gonna dig in, they're gonna fight harder to make it all worthwhile. 
 Something's got to change to make 'em stop. 
 So what am I supposed to do, Dad? 
 What... what... what can I change? 
 Well, if it were easy, wars wouldn't be fought in the first place. 
 I'm not a soldier, Dad! 
 I'm just a doctor with a patient. 
 So can we stay or what? 
 Well, of course you can. 
 All right. Thanks. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, sorry to keep you waiting. 
 Mayor kept us on a call longer than expected. 
 I just, um... 
 I just need two minutes of your time, that's it. 
 Yeah. Yeah, of course. 
 I-I have to say, I didn't expect to see you again. 
 I know. I-I really didn't want to come here like this, but it's an emergency and I didn't know who else to ask. 
 What is it, Sam? 
 We were gonna leave town and just get away from everything, but ADA Rice put a travel restriction on John today. 
 And I wanted to see if you could talk Judge Banks into lifting it. 
 [sighs] 
 Sam, I don't think you understand how big this case is. 
 I just... I can't. 
 You can't or you won't? 
 What do you want me to say, Sam? 
 I've seen John's file. 
 He's a legitimate witness in this investigation. 
 Is this about us? 
 No, Sam. He's... 
 Kyle, my family's in real danger. 
 We were threatened today at the courthouse. 
 We're having to stay with my father-in-law because people know where we live. 
 Okay, I don't want to overstep here, Sam, but who put you in that situation? 
 John did. 
 Why are you letting him drag you through hell? 
 Because he's my husband. 
 Well, your husband is involved with gangs. 
 Wake up! 
 Well, I guess I have my answer then. 
 Sam, I'm... 
 Sam. 
 [siren wailing] 
 So did you hear about Dr. Ellison? 
 What about him? 
 He took himself off the schedule for a couple of weeks, so we get Dr. Litchfield now. 
 [cell phone buzzes] 
 I cannot stand that guy. Sorry, I have to take this. 
 I'm at work, Ingrid. What? 
 Gretch, we kind of have a problem here. 
 Jed is freaking. He's screaming that he has ants all over him. 
 He won't stop yelling. He won't... 
 Jed : There are ants on my skin! 
 Please get them off! 
 There's no ants! 
 [both scream] 
 He's hallucinating, okay? 
 You're gonna have to calm him down. 
 Aah! 
 What do I do? 
 Gretchen : Okay, just listen. 
 Put the cats out, turn off the lights in the room, and... 
 And what? 
 Jed : Get 'em off me! 
 Ingrid : Tell me. 
 I have some Valium in the house, and it should calm him down, but... 
 Where? Where is it? 
 Aah! 
 I need you to promise me that you will not take any of those pills yourself. 
 I promise, okay? Now, where is it? 
 He's breaking sh1t. 
 Get 'em off me! 
 [Jed screams] 
 Check under the sink in the kitchen. 
 It's in the bottom of a box of gloves. 
 All right, got 'em. Orange bottle? 
 Gretchen : Just give him two and only two. 
 Gretchen, can I talk to you? 
 I have to go. Be good, okay? 
 
 
 
 Pharmacy called up to check an IV ceftriaxone dose for a patient, said you ordered it. 
 Who's it for? 
 The patient? 
 He was one of Dr. Ellison's on Tuesday, I think. 
 Well, today, we have no John and no patient. 
 It must be a mix-up. 
 I'll call the pharmacy and have them cancel the order. 
 It's fine. I'll take care of it. 
 [cell phone alert chimes] 
 [clears throat] 
 [phone line trills] 
 Wallace : Internal medicine. This is Dr. Wallace. 
 Hey, Roger, it's John. 
 I'm trying to get a hold of some IV ceftriaxone, and I-I can't get it through Samaritan. 
 Wallace : Really? What's the issue? 
 Uh, it's a charity patient but not through the hospital. 
 Wallace : Man, I'd love to help, but they've really been cracking down over here. 
 Yeah, you know what? That's... it's fine. 
 Thank... thanks anyway. 
 Okay. 
 Bye. 
 Bye. 
 Oh, Jesus! 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 [engine revving] 
 [tires squealing] 
 [engine revving] 
 [horn blares, crash] 
 [tires screeching] 
 [indistinct yelling] 
 [siren wailing] 
 Bridget : That was a very close call. 
 How hard did you hit your head? 
 It wasn't a serious concussion. 
 No memory loss, nausea, or blurred vision. 
 Would you let me be the doctor, please? 
 [sighs] 
 [groans] 
 That hurts? 
 Where did these come from? 
 I don't know. 
 John, these bruises are a day old, and you have a bandaged laceration here. 
 What is going on? 
 It was nothing. 
 I was playing with the dog, and I must have fell. 
 Seriously, John? The dog? 
 Walter in neurology is on call. 
 I'm getting him down here just in case. 
 That's not necessary. 
 Well, I'm your doctor, and I think it is. 
 Get his labs in. 
 What the hell happened? 
 [sighs] 
 There was a car, some Norteños, they... they chased me. 
 Jesus, John. 
 I know. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 I guess that's what I have to figure out now. 
 Can I have a moment? 
 That's your dad. 
 It's his first fish, a yellow perch. 
 [cell phone buzzes] 
 Caught it up at my brother's place in New Hampshire. 
 Here, let me show you something. 
 Hey, you were supposed to be here half an hour ago. 
 I was in a car accident. I'm in the ED. 
 What? Are you okay? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just a little banged up. 
 I can be there in half an hour. 
 No, no. Sam, there... there's something I got to do first. 
 I-I don't understand. 
 You, uh... 
 You remember when Becky went to the hospital the second time? 
 Uh, of course. 
 Remember, she was anemic and she had that kidney infection. 
 She had the fever, and we were trying to deal with all of those things, but... but none of it mattered because... because the real problem was the cancer. 
 John, what does that have to do with all this? 
 I think I'm in a situation like that now. 
 I can't run, Sam. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 There's someone I need to talk to. 
 Whatever happens to me, know this... 
 I love you. 
 I love you too. 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [sniffs] 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 My name is John Ellison, and this recording is meant for Detective Robert Holden of the APD. 
 It needs to be used in evidence in the event of my disappearance... or death. 
 Bridget. 
 Bridget, wait up. 
 John, what the hell are you doing out of bed? 
 I knew you were in neurology, and I just wanted to talk to you before I... 
 Well, you can speak to me back in your room. 
 You shouldn't be up here. 
 No, no. 
 I need you to do something for me. 
 I am trying to do something for you. 
 I'm trying to get you the proper treatment you need... 
 Bridget, please, just hear me out. 
 There's a phone in here with a voice memo on it, and I need you to take it to the police if anything happens to me. 
 Happens to you? What are you talking about? 
 It's a recording related to the Antoine Tyler shooting. 
 Why are you coming to me? 
 Because you're not involved and because I can trust you. 
 I am very upset with you. 
 I know. 
 [cell phone beeping] 
 Gretchen : Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Where are you going? 
 I'm, uh... 
 I have to finish this. 
 That's not what I asked. 
 I'm going to prison to talk to Ezera Tyler. 
 I'm calling a cab. 
 If you're going to prison, I'm going too. 
 Gretchen... 
 Have you ever read the regulations for Samaritan Hospital? 
 All doctors must be assisted by qualified nursing personnel in undertaking life-threatening procedures. 
 Let's go. 
 I lived a few blocks from here as a kid, for a month or two, anyway. 
 When was that? 
 I think I was 12, maybe 13... 
 Old enough to know that my foster parents were creeps... him more than her, but she married him, so... 
 A couple months in, I wake up, and he's sitting in my bed. 
 He had pulled the blanket off. 
 Just sitting there, staring. 
 Jesus. 
 What did you do? 
 Ran first chance I got. 
 Took my little sister, we walked 5 frickin' miles to the bus station. 
 It's hard to believe they don't stop that, you know? 
 Keep men like that out of the foster system. 
 Yeah, well, they try. 
 There's just a lot of kids that need a place to stay. 
 And I don't know if you have noticed but there's kind of a shortage of good men in the world. 
 You heard any more from John? 
 No. 
 What exactly did he say before? 
 Just that he needed to solve all this. 
 He said he was going to talk to someone. 
 That's it? 
 Yeah. 
 It was pretty clear he didn't want to share the details. 
 [Winston barking] 
 Huh. 
 [Winston continues barking, growls] 
 [video game beeping] 
 How about pulling Ollie off that game? 
 I've got some checkers in the den. 
 I mean, he seems pretty happy. Maybe... 
 No, I think it would be great if Ollie could spend some time with his mom in the den. 
 [Winston continues barking] 
 [growls, barking] 
 Come on, Ollie, let's go play a real game, okay? 
 Okay? 
 Okay. 
 [barking continues] 
 Gary : Son of a bitch. 
 [gun cocks] 
 [barking continues] 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. D-don't shoot. Don't shoot. Please don't shoot. 
 [clears throat] Listen, uh... 
 I'm sorry. 
 I-I really didn't mean to scare anyone. 
 I-I just wanted to apologize to Sam for what I said earlier. 
 I, uh... It was out of line. 
 I'm gonna check on Ollie, let you two have a minute. 
 [sighs] 
 What the hell do you think you're doing? 
 You show up here drunk, creeping around in the dark? 
 The gate was locked, and then th... There's the dog. 
 You didn't call. I've called, like... 
 I didn't call because it's over. 
 Oh, it's over. Okay. Really? 
 'Cause you... you keep coming to me for help. 
 My family was in danger. 
 I didn't have any other choice. 
 And why are you in danger, Sam? Because your husband... 
 You do not get to talk about John. 
 You don't know. 
 No, now you're defending him. Why? Why? 
 Why are you putting up with this sh1t? 
 He wasn't there for you with Rebecca. 
 He shut you out, remember? 
 Enough! 
 You don't get to use my daughter's death against me. 
 You do not get to do that. Look, I get it. 
 You're lonely, and I am sorry things ever went this far, but we are finished. 
 You need to go now. 
 Yeah. 
 [door opens, closes] 
 You're the one who needs to see Ezera Tyler? 
 Yes. 
 Darius says you're a doctor. You got hospital ID? 
 Yes, Emergency Department, Samaritan Hospital. 
 All right, I'm gonna take you in through the infirmary. 
 Just let me do all the talking, all right? 
 All right. 
 Come on. 
 [door buzzes] 
 Five minutes. That's it. 
 So I guess you just show up anytime now, huh? 
 Let's hear it. 
 I'm here to tell you that tomorrow I'll be talking to the police. 
 Doc, we talked about this... 
 Let me finish. 
 Here's your first option. 
 I tell the police everything... 
 The murders of the Locos from the hospital, the drug stashing, Vine City, Darius' involvement with the gang shootings Thursday, everything. 
 You ain't gonna live long, you keep talking like this. 
 I'm gonna say what I came here to say If I tell the police what everything I know, here's what happens. 
 The gang task force will tear apart everything you have built, and you are left with nothing. 
 And my other option? 
 I say nothing. 
 I tell Holden that I came to you and Darius to help Antoine of my own free will, and I leave your business out of it. 
 But the price of my silence is peace. 
 You end the war. It's over. 
 What makes you think I can't take your ass out before you talk to anybody? 
 Hmm? 
 Well, you can. 
 But if I die or disappear or anyone touches my family, everything I know goes to the police, along with the phone CJ gave me. 
 Dead or alive, I will bury you. 
 This ain't just business. 
 The Locos started all this sh1t 'cause some kid got killed in a stash-house rip-off. 
 So they come after 'Toine... 
 After my son! 
 You think I'm gonna let that go? 
 I don't care! I lost my daughter! 
 I watched her die, and I could do nothing! 
 And I would give everything I have to trade places with you, to have a child who could be saved! 
 So figure it out! 
 I'll get into it. 
 But I'll tell you this. 
 sh1t ain't that simple, Doc... not ever. 
 Hey, I'm back. 
 Ingrid? 
 Ingrid? 
 sh1t. 
 Ingrid, are you in here? 
 Shh. 
 [snoring] 
 Keep your voice down. You want him freaking out again? 
 I had to promise to stay with him while he slept, in case the ants came back. 
 I'm sorry. I thought... 
 I know what you thought. 
 I gave him two. 
 You can count them if you don't believe me. 
 I really wanted to take some. 
 sh1t, "wanted" is not even the right word. 
 Ingrid, that's huge. 
 I'm really proud of you. 
 Could you, uh... Could you flush 'em? 
 You don't, I'll look for them later. 
 Yeah. Yeah, no problem. 
 You okay? 
 I'm good. 
 Honestly, I'm more worried about you. 
 Jed was ranting while he was hallucinating. 
 He said a lot of sh1t about insects, but there was other stuff too. 
 Enough that it's pretty obvious that you're into something deep. 
 Seriously? 
 You're lecturing me about how to live my life? 
 Yes, and that's the problem. 
 We both know that if I'm giving you life advice, you're in some real sh1t. 
 I'm tired. 
 And I need to shower. 
 Hey, it's cold. 
 Have you been waiting for me outside the whole time? 
 Yes, I'm worried. Oh, my God, are you okay? 
 I think so. 
 Oh, I'm just glad it's over. 
 Mm. 
 Hey, let's go inside, okay? 
 John, stop. I need to talk to you about something. 
 What is it? 
 Do you remember Kyle Hawkins? 
 Yeah, your DA friend. 
 The one from the grief group? 
 I made a mistake. 
 What are you talking about? 
 After Becky died... you and I were fighting. 
 I felt alone, and, um... 
 I've been wanting to tell you for so long, but I-I just didn't know how. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 No. 
 No. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 No, no, no. 
 I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. 
 We were... 
 Please. 
 We were just friends, and then we crossed the line. 
 And I would do anything to take it back. 
 It was a horrible mistake. 
 [sighs] 
 Please say something to me. 
 Say... say anything. 
 Go away. 
 John, please. 
 Just get out of my sight! 
 [door opens, closes] 
 [crying] 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 Yeah? 
 Darius : I just had a talk with Easy. 
 He said I got to talk with the Locos, try to make peace. 
 Is that right? 
 Yeah. 
 Let me tell you something. 
 Peace is one thing, but forgiveness, that's another. 
 I don't care what Easy say, someone crosses me, he my enemy for life. 
 Don't matter if he a Loco or a doctor. 
 See you around. 
 [breathing heavily] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 