Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Fever - Complications 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Fever https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=348&t=19642 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/24/15 10:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Fever 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Complications... 
 I'm trying to stop folks from killing each other. 
 [grunts] 
 Bridget : John, you're really telling me you went to the PT wing during the busiest shift of the year to give yourself an antibiotic shot? 
 John : Yes. Well, it was only for a minute. 
 John, do you have any idea how serious this is? 
 [knock at door] 
 Bridget, I... I promise I will explain everything. 
 [line clicks, dial tone] 
 If you've lied to me and you go out there tonight and the shootings start again, you and I are gonna have a problem. 
 Enough people died tonight. 
 I'd say you're working for one of the most dangerous gangs in Atlanta. 
 Unless you have an explanation... 
 I developed a substance-abuse issue. 
 Call Bridget O'Neill. 
 I believe he was abusing morphine. 
 Hey, what's going on? 
 It's bad. 
 It's only a matter of time before they realize we stole a bunch of sh1t. 
 That cannot happen. You need to go back in there and get rid of anything that leads back to us, Jed. 
 The hospital is looking for anything irregular. 
 They're gonna come after me and Jed, and we're gonna get caught. 
 Gretch! You're being paranoid. 
 Jed, what the hell is going on? 
 I'm in County. 
 What? 
 Jed! 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Thanks for meeting me here. 
 Trying to get out as much as possible while this weather holds. 
 Wes, what the hell did you get me into? 
 Wow. You suck at small talk. 
 Just order a drink, ask me about my weekend. 
 How about I ask you about these patients? 
 Which ones? 
 The patients I referred to you. 
 None of the clinics you work with gave them so much as an aspirin. 
 Well, I'll look into it. 
 Must have fallen through the cracks. 
 Then how is it that they still got billed for a shit-ton of treatments that never happened? 
 This guy got charged for a new hip and a wheelchair last week. 
 You know what's strange? 
 He came into the E.D. this morning to pick up his psych meds and walked right in. 
 Okay, Florence Nightingale, slow your roll. 
 No one is hurting these people. 
 You seriously think a bunch of homeless guys and senile grandmas care if we stick their name on an invoice and send it to Medicare? 
 That is not the point. I referred them because I thought they were getting help. 
 You referred them so you'd get money. 
 I did not know that this whole thing was a scam. 
 Sure, you thought it was totally legit. 
 You know, Cal told me about you. 
 The whole "bad girl goes straight and becomes a nurse" thing. 
 Very inspiring. 
 If they ever make a TV movie about you, I'm watching. 
 But look around, Gretch. 
 Every single one of these assholes is cheating on their wives, ripping off their shareholders, and lying to the IRS. 
 It is how they got here. 
 I don't give a sh1t. 
 You earned this. Take it. 
 Seriously? You're gonna be like this? 
 Hey, tell me, how is the whole "being an angel" thing working out for you? 
 Huh? 
 You're sharing a crappy studio apartment with a bunch of roommates and can't get custody of your sister and driving a broken-down piece of sh1t. 
 I'm presenting you with an opportunity. 
 You keep the patient records coming, and these envelopes will just get thicker. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Gretchen, I'm dying in here. I'm losing my sh1t. 
 What do they have on you? 
 Okay, they're claiming I took some patient records. 
 They're charging me with health-care fraud. 
 They also found drugs in my desk. 
 They allegedly found drugs in my desk. 
 How bad is it? 
 They say I could get ten years. 
 But the thing is, the, um... public defender said the prosecutor might be willing to make a deal if I... 
 If what? 
 If I turned in my associate from the hospital. 
 Your... your associate would feel pretty betrayed. 
 Look, Gretchen, I know. I... I would feel awful. 
 But I can't do ten years. 
 So that's it? 
 You're just gonna take that deal? 
 No. 
 No, okay, there might be another way. 
 You remember when Bobby Pratt got busted for selling those Dilaudids to that undercover cop? 
 I talked to the lawyer that got him off. 
 He thinks he can help me out. 
 Only thing is... 
 What? 
 He's expensive. 
 [sighs] 
 You know, you really do not need to come tonight. 
 You're giving a speech, John. I wouldn't miss it. 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 Uh... 
 [sighs] Um, I'm just gonna go, um, make sure that Oliver's squared away, okay? 
 Okay, I'll be down in a minute. 
 [cell phone vibrates, beeps] 
 John : This is not a good time. 
 Yeah, well, it's a worse time here. 
 What is it? Where are you? 
 Do you remember Jed from medical records? 
 He's in jail. 
 What happened? 
 He did something stupid, and if we don't get him a very expensive lawyer right now, we're screwed. 
 How expensive? 
 30 grand. 
 Jesus, Gretchen, what makes you think I can get that kind of money together? 
 Oh, I don't know... your huge house, your nice Mercedes. 
 No, I got everybody watching me. 
 I got the police, Bridget, my wife. 
 [sighs] 
 We're gonna have to find another way to get the money. 
 I might have a guy that can help us out, but... 
 But? But what? 
 But you don't just get 30 grand in cash on a few days' notice without having to work for it. 
 We'll talk tomorrow, Doctor. 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [jazzy music] 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey, are you okay? You look a little nervous. 
 I'm fine. It's just public speaking, you know? 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, you didn't tell me Bridget was coming. 
 I haven't seen her in ages. 
 Uh, you know what? Let's, um... Let's talk to Helen first. 
 She's running the event, and I just want to get squared away for the speech. 
 Okay. 
 There he is, the man of the hour. 
 So good to see you. 
 The new wing is stunning. 
 Congratulations. 
 It's been a long time coming. 
 We really appreciate you being here for this. 
 John : It's no problem. 
 So I'm just gonna grab some water from the bar before we get started... Can I get you anything? 
 Uh, sure, a glass of Cab. 
 That's the purple one, right? 
 [all laugh] 
 Excuse me. 
 Uh, a glass of Cabernet, please, and a water. 
 I know we need to talk. 
 Police called about you. 
 What the hell is going on? 
 I can explain everything, and I will explain everything tomorrow. 
 But for now, please, let's just keep this between us. 
 Samantha's here and... 
 I am not lying for you. 
 The situation is not what it looks like, I swear. 
 Bridget O'Neill. 
 Thank you. 
 You look amazing. 
 Sam. 
 Did you get called in for that gang shooting last night too? 
 Yeah, it was a rough one. 
 man : Ladies and gentlemen... 
 Ooh, sounds like they want to get started. 
 We should go find our table. 
 Okay. 
 See you soon. 
 Okay. 
 Including state-of-the-art equipment and ten more beds in the inpatient medical surgical unit. 
 I was asked to speak here tonight not just as a doctor, but also as a father who had a patient here in the pediatric wing. 
 Two years ago, my daughter was diagnosed with acute lymphoid leukemia. 
 Hearing that news was the hardest day of my life, because when your child is sick, your universe stops, and all you want to do is to make them better and to ease their pain. 
 And that's what this place does. 
 As doctors, we have many tools. 
 We do ours job with medicine and technology but most of all, with a compassion of professionals who fight to understand the pain and challenges of other human beings. 
 So, when I think of this facility, I think of it as a place to come together as doctors. 
 I think of a place that makes that fight a little easier, when a little easier means the world. 
 Thank you. 
 Ollie, are you coming down? 
 Hey, before I forget, how does pizza sound for your sleepover? 
 Ben doesn't eat pizza. 
 What kind of an 11-year-old boy doesn't eat pizza? 
 His mom doesn't believe in dairy. 
 We're talking about cheese, not the tooth fairy. 
 [number pad beeping] 
 [car horn honks] 
 Excuse me, Mrs. Ellison? 
 Can I talk to you for a sec? 
 Sure, what's up? 
 You've been so nice bringing us coffee and all. 
 I just wanted to give you a heads-up. 
 This is our last day out here. 
 I'm not even supposed to be here now. 
 What? Did something happen? 
 All I know is somebody downtown pulled the detail. 
 Well, then who made that decision? 
 It's way above my pay grade, ma'am. 
 [indistinct chatter on radio] 
 I should go. Real sorry about this. 
 [sighs] 
 [beep] 
 [line trilling] 
 Hey, how are you doing? 
 Samantha : Okay. I'm driving Ollie to school. 
 Where are you? 
 John : I'm, uh, at a meeting. Is something wrong? 
 Did you hear anything about the police taking away the car in front of our house? 
 No. They did? 
 Yeah, I just talked to the officer. 
 He said the decision was made downtown. 
 I'm thinking we should probably call over there. 
 You know, that's probably not a good, um... idea. 
 Really? Why not? 
 Um... 
 Uh... 
 John? 
 Oh, you know what it probably is? 
 Our alarm system is hooked up to the police station, and they probably just figured, you know, we're... we're... 
 We're covered now. 
 Listen, I... I should go. We'll be fine. 
 I'll talk to you later. 
 Okay, bye. 
 Hey, buddy, how you doing? 
 Uh, do me a favor, keep the car running... 
 Okay, just remember that this is the guy that's helping us get the money that we need. 
 So keep an open mind, okay? 
 Dr. John Ellison. Gretchen sings your praises. 
 I'm Wes. 
 Yeah, I um... 
 Yeah, nice to meet you. 
 Always like making new friends. 
 Mm. 
 Okay, come on in. Let's do this inside. 
 I work with medical facilities in the greater Atlanta area. 
 So are you a physician or... 
 Eh, not exactly. More of an entrepreneur. 
 A few years back, I was actually thinking hospital administration, but turns out, I'm allergic to red tape. 
 Hmm. Mm. 
 So Gretchen says you got some sort of business proposal. 
 Yes, sure thing. 
 So I supply folks in the medical community with products that they can't obtain... or can't obtain for the right price. 
 This clinic I'm working with up in Sandy Springs, we're looking to get our hands on some doxorubicin. 
 Well, uh, I know some pharmaceutical reps. 
 I could probably get you a... a discount. 
 [chuckles] That's the thing. 
 Um, I'm looking for a steeper discount than I could get from a pharmaceutical rep. 
 As medical professionals, I figure you two might be able to, uh, you know, find some that wouldn't be missed. 
 You want us to steal drugs for you? 
 Relax and keep your voice down. 
 Wes : No need to get worked up. 
 The bottom line here is this... 
 We're supplying medicine to patients who need it. 
 Sick folks get their meds. 
 Gretchen's friend stays out of the Georgia State Prison System. 
 Everyone's happy. 
 Just take a moment and think about our... 
 I don't need to think about it. We're done here. 
 You know, John, I don't love your tone. 
 [chuckles] Go to hell. 
 We need 30 grand. 
 What did you think this was gonna be? 
 Less horrible. 
 I am not stealing chemotherapy medication. 
 Yeah, well, it's that, or you sell your car. 
 Is there no line for you? 
 This isn't just for me. We are helping people. 
 My daughter died of leukemia. 
 I know. 
 That's why I thought you would do this. 
 Cancer drugs are going to cancer patients. 
 Who cares exactly... 
 No! 
 Just... no. 
 There has to be a line somewhere. 
 [car door opens, closes] 
 [engine turning over] 
 [tires squealing] 
 [exhales sharply] 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Hey. 
 Wasn't sure you'd actually show up. 
 We need to talk. 
 You're damn right we do. 
 First off, I want to thank you for last night. 
 Skip the thank-yous. 
 We both know what I have to do here. 
 If our roles were reversed and you found out that I had an issue with drugs... 
 I don't have an issue with drugs. 
 [sighs] 
 That night with all the gang members in the E.D., I... 
 I think I had a bit of PTSD or something. 
 You expect me to buy that? 
 No, I'm telling you, I was having an anxiety attack. 
 And I didn't want the rest of the staff to see so I snuck off to the PT room, and I gave myself some Propranolol to calm myself down. 
 Then what about the morphine vial I found? 
 I don't know. 
 Wasn't mine. I swear to you. 
 I want to believe you, but I just can't. 
 With everything that's happened with you lately, I have to tell LaToya about this. 
 Please. Just hang on. 
 Um, what are you doing? 
 Test my blood. 
 You won't find a trace of morphine. 
 That's crazy. I can't just... 
 Come on. 
 We've been friends a long time. 
 [spits] 
 [object clatters] 
 Jesus. 
 This isn't about friendship. 
 Just run a tox screen before you ruin my life. 
 That's all I ask. 
 Fine. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 [buzzer sounds, indistinct chatter over PA] 
 man : Next. 
 I'm here to see an inmate, Jed Bennett, two Ns, two Ts. 
 [keys clacking] 
 Says here he left. 
 What? 
 What do you mean he left? 
 Paid his bail. 
 How the hell did that happen? 
 I don't have that information. 
 All I got's what the computer says. 
 Wait. Jed has, like, no money. None. 
 That has to be a mistake. 
 We try real hard not to let people out of here by mistake. 
 Now, miss, if you could just step aside. 
 Next. 
 
 
 
 Jed? 
 Jed, I know you're home. 
 Okay, I'm sorry. I can't talk to you right now. 
 You took the deal. You took the deal! 
 Of course not. I didn't take the deal. 
 I told you that I wouldn't. 
 Then how did you get out of jail? 
 You said you didn't have the money, and I couldn't go to prison. 
 I'm big, but I can't survive in there. 
 He told me you weren't coming back. 
 He? 
 It was Wes. Wes bailed you out? 
 sh1t. Okay, he told me not to tell you yet. 
 Okay, so you just can't let... so you can't... 
 Why would Wes bail you out of jail? 
 Okay, um, I, um... 
 [cat whines] 
 Well, he... 
 Jed. 
 [PA beeps] 
 woman over PA : Dr. Ellison, please report to Radiology. 
 Dr. Ellison to Radiology. 
 Why is Radiology calling me over the intercom? 
 Maybe they just like the sound of your name. 
 [chuckles] 
 Yeah, they don't need you in Radiology. 
 Just thought you and I should have a talk. 
 What are you doing here? What do you want? 
 The same thing as before... A business partner. 
 Was I unclear this morning? 
 There is no way I'm working with you, ever. 
 No way? Come on, Doc. 
 There's always a way. 
 Don't make me bring up Antoine Tyler. 
 What do you know about Antoine? 
 Well, I talked to Jed. 
 He told me that he helped you, uh, fake a record for a missing kid. 
 You have no idea what you're walking into. 
 Yeah? Maybe I should call the cops, see what they say about this. 
 They get all worked up about missing kids. 
 So you're blackmailing me? Is that what this is? 
 Blackmailing? Who's blackmailing? 
 I just want my drugs, John. 
 And I want you and Gretchen to get them for me. 
 You do not want to do this. 
 You do not understand who you're getting involved with. 
 I think I got a pretty good idea. 
 Jed mentioned you're mixed up with some gang. 
 They'll kill you. 
 [chuckling] Oh. 
 I so appreciate your concern for my safety. 
 It means so much to me, but here's the thing... 
 If I call the cops, my guess is that that gang is gonna go after you first. 
 So I'm gonna take my chances, okay? 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [sighs] 
 [line trilling] 
 It's ringing. 
 Stop. Stop it. 
 woman : Atlanta Police Department. 
 Hang up. 
 Hello? 
 Do we have a deal? 
 Hello? 
 All right, all right, I'll do it, all right? 
 Just hang up. 
 [cell phone beeps] 
 [sighs] 
 Welcome aboard... 
 [slaps back] Partner. 
 [slurps] 
 John? 
 Hey. 
 I like watching you work like this. 
 It reminds me of med school. 
 What are you working on? 
 Hmm... Just a friend asked me to take a look at a tough case. 
 Hmm. Why is it so tough? 
 Well, it's just so far, every course of treatment I've explored, it's, um... 
 They're all extremely high risk. 
 And if you do nothing? 
 It's not really an option. 
 Well, I have faith in you. 
 [chuckles] You'll figure something out. 
 [sighs] 
 Gretchen : What is this? 
 John : What does it look like? 
 It's an action plan to get the drugs. 
 So your action plan is we're driving out to a warehouse? 
 Yes. 
 I called in an order to the Samaritan pharmacy for some doxorubicin. 
 We'll follow it from the warehouse to the hospital, watch the delivery and determine the best way to take it tomorrow. 
 I had a plan. 
 Yeah, I'm not sure that prying open a pharmacy door with a crowbar deserves the title "plan." 
 You're making this way more complicated than it needs to be. 
 I'm trying to keep us out of jail. 
 Really? Because to me, it seems like you're stalling. 
 Hey, babe. This is Dr. Ellison. 
 Hi. 
 Gretch, I thought you said you were done with this kind of stuff. 
 It's work, I promise. 
 And we were just getting ready to leave, so I'll talk to you later, okay? 
 Fine, um, but don't forget we have lunch with my brother. 
 I'm really sorry. I can't. 
 Of course you can't. It was nice to meet you. 
 You too. 
 Liz? 
 So she's your roommate? 
 Yeah, she's my roommate... that I sleep with. 
 Oh. 
 You want to follow a van, let's follow a van. 
 Hey, everything okay? 
 Are you sure? 
 Come on, you can tell me. 
 Ben can't sleep over. 
 What do you mean? 
 Is he still coming for dinner? 
 I don't think so. 
 His parents are worried about this stuff with Dad. 
 Hey, I'll... I'll call Ben's parents and sort it out. 
 It'll be fine. 
 Unbelievable. 
 [sighing] 
 [hip-hop music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Mom? What's wrong? 
 Nothing. Let's go. 
 They didn't tell you anything about when they were moving the drugs? 
 The whole point is that it has to look like a normal order. 
 I can't just ask the pharmacist, "Hey, what do you know about the warehouse schedule?" 
 So we sit here for two hours? 
 Would you spend two hours observing a patient if the wrong treatment meant disability or death? 
 So given that this little project could ruin our lives, I think it warrants the same attention. 
 Just saying... you're not the one who had to get your shift covered so you can sit and stare at a building. 
 Well, I know this isn't how you normally do things with your friend Wes. 
 He's not my friend. 
 So why do you work with him? 
 I needed money, he had it. 
 No, no, no. Don't smoke in my car. 
 There we go. Yellow chimo crates Okay. 
 Shall we do some observing, Doctor? 
 Okay. 
 Are you going to watch? 
 Yep, um, I'm gonna be right behind you, okay? 
 [intercom buzzes] 
 Mr. Hawkins? 
 Samantha Ellison's calling for you. 
 Go ahead and put her through. 
 Line one. 
 What do you want? I'm at work. 
 Listen, I'm sorry Kyle, I... I don't want to be calling you like this. 
 Then why are you calling? 
 Um, I just need to ask about the police car outside my place. 
 The officer left yesterday. Did you... 
 Wow, Sam, I may have been upset but I would never do that and I don't appreciate the... The accusation. 
 I'm sorry... two gang members just drove by my house and... I'm scared. 
 Okay, look, I shouldn't be telling you this, but it was someone on the gang task force. 
 They... they removed the detail. 
 Why... why would they do that? 
 You know, I really can't get involved. 
 Is it something about John? 
 Kyle, please. 
 What else could it be, Sam? 
 He was in the station a couple days ago. 
 Yeah, I... no, I know, I know, it was a misunderstanding. 
 A misunderstanding? Is that what he told you it was? 
 It was a misunderstanding? 
 What are you talking about? What's going on? 
 Okay, how about this? 
 I'm gonna send you Detective Holden's information. 
 He's the head of the gang task force. 
 You call him and ask him what he talked about with John. 
 Samantha : Yeah, I'm not gonna call the cops on my husband. 
 Fine, then tell John you want to talk to Detective Holden, see what happens then. 
 Why, what will that... 
 If it was just an honest misunderstanding like John says, then he won't care if you call him, will he? 
 And if it wasn't? 
 Then I imagine he'd do everything he can to stop you from making that call. 
 Take care, Sam. 
 Yeah. 
 [text alert chime] 
 He's been to three places already. 
 Are you sure he's going to Samaritan? 
 We're headed west. He's probably going there now. 
 Yeah, or any of the other dozen or so medical facilities west of here... congratulations on your awesome plan. 
 You know... a little planning might be good for you. 
 What the hell is that supposed to mean? 
 Well, it's just that the other day you stole a patient file, drove to a gang neighborhoods with no plan whatsoever. 
 And I saved a little kid from a pedophile creep. 
 You could have gotten yourself killed. 
 But I didn't. 
 And I couldn't care less if you approve, so spare me the disappointed father bullshit. 
 Oh. 
 By the way, it looks like your van still isn't heading to Samaritan. 
 He's getting lunch now? 
 So do we eat lunch too or do we sit and stare at an empty van? 
 No, we stay here and we wait for him to leave. 
 Great. 
 You know what? I have a better idea. 
 Where are you... where are you going? 
 Oh, no. 
 [car alarm sounds] 
 What are you doing? What about the alarm? 
 Yeah, I hear it... when's the last time you did anything about somebody else's car alarm? 
 [alarm continues] 
 This was not the plan. 
 This was exactly the plan. 
 You said to observe the delivery driver and then take the drugs at the easiest time. 
 It's not gonna get any easier than this. 
 All right, he was carrying even more than we thought. 
 This is that really good stuff. 
 You are psychotic. Do you realize what you've done? 
 I think the words you're looking for are "thank you." 
 I was the one who called the pharmacist at Samaritan. 
 They know I ordered these meds. 
 Do you really think the cops are gonna connect your call to a pharmacist with a drug heist in the parking lot of a freaking diner? 
 We had a plan. 
 Doctors have plans, and nurses do what works. 
 And that just worked. 
 Do you want to track down the van, break back into it, and return these meds, or can we just deliver them and be done with it? 
 Fine. Let's just get this over with. 
 Wes, it's me, we got the stuff. Where do we meet you? 
 Better not be anyone around to see us do this. 
 Don't worry, Wes said he would clear everyone out. 
 Well, speak of the devil. 
 Just let me deal with him, okay? 
 Well, well, Bonnie and Clyde have arrived. 
 You guys work fast. I'm impressed. 
 Let's do this. 
 Holy sh1t, that's all doxo? 
 40 vials of regular doxo, 20 of lipsomal doxo. 
 Quite the score. Where'd you get it? 
 It's none of your business. 
 Whoa, cowboy, I'm just asking. 
 How about we take these inside? 
 Fridges are in the back. 
 Doxo goes in the first fridge. 
 By the way, totally cool you guys want to keep where you got the doxo as your little trade secret, but if you're interested in a little repeat business, I was thinking... 
 This was a one-time thing. 
 We're never doing this again, you piece of sh1t. 
 Whoa. Whoa. Calm down. 
 How about we go outside, and let him finish unpacking here. 
 Fine. 
 Make it quick. 
 Wes, if you think I'm working with you after the sh1t you pulled, you are... 
 Are you kid... 
 I was just trying to help the guy make up his mind. 
 And, hey... look how it all worked out. 
 Yesterday you had a huge Jed problem. 
 Now you don't. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 [yelling] 
 If you can bring me another shipment like that, I can get you 40 grand. 
 Yeah. 
 There is a sea of money out there. 
 All you gotta do is jump in. 
 You! 
 You thought you could keep this from me? 
 You thought I wouldn't figure it out? 
 John, what is wrong? 
 You know what they're doing in there? 
 What? 
 They are diluting the chemo meds with dye. 
 What? 
 Your techs. 
 They're diluting the doxo with dye to make it the same color as the full dose. 
 I saw your patient charts. 
 Are you deaf? I told you to put the doxo in the first fridge. 
 Calm down. Calm down. 
 Wes, is what he's saying true? Is it? 
 Who cares? 
 Who cares? 
 Oh, no, no. 
 You started a fire? 
 You were killing patients. 
 Oh, you insane son of a bitch. 
 Don't. 
 John! 
 You're done. 
 You are out of the cancer business. 
 John. 
 [exploding] 
 Wes : Jesus! 
 You're done with Gretchen. 
 You are done with me. 
 And if I ever see you again, I will kill you. 
 Put the gun down. 
 John? 
 [exploding] 
 If you ever talk about what happened here tonight, I will kill you. 
 And if you even think about blackmailing us again, I. Will. Kill you. 
 Have I made myself clear? 
 I said, have I made myself clear? 
 Yes! Yes. 
 Okay, you will never see me again. 
 [tires screeching] 
 John... what the hell did you just do? 
 I don't know. 
 [approaching sirens] 
 [exploding] 
 Get in the car. 
 [sirens blaring] 
 Jed : Okay, where does this leave me? 
 How am I gonna get a lawyer? 
 I cannot go back to jail. 
 I was trying to help you, Jed. 
 You're the one who talked to us. 
 I'm sorry. I panicked. 
 I can't do ten freaking years. 
 Gretch, what am I gonna do? 
 You need to run. 
 You mean jump bail You need to leave town. It's medical fraud. 
 It's not like there's gonna be this nationwide manhunt. 
 Okay. Well, that's real easy for you to say, Gretchen. 
 You're not the one giving up your whole freaking life. 
 It's better than prison. And weren't you telling me about that buddy of yours in Denver? 
 The pot farmer guy with alopecia? 
 You think I have it good? I am flat broke. 
 My sister's in rehab. My girlfriend's pissed at me because she knows I'm up to something. 
 And I am working with a doctor who is fricking losing his mind. 
 Believe me, I wish I could start fresh too. 
 And I will take care of your dumb-ass cat. 
 woman : The lucky winners of this past weekend's lottery have yet to... 
 man : Beautiful pass to the big man underneath. 
 Hooked it up off the glass, and... 
 man : Showers for your weekend, and we can expect... 
 [rock music] 
 man : Brought quickly under control, but not before fire damaged a nearby clothing store. 
 Sandy Springs firefighters told Talk 670 that no one was injured in the blaze. 
 No word on a possible cause at this time. 
 In Marietta this morning, an unidentified man... 
 [phone vibrates] 
 Bridget. How are you? 
 I'm fine. 
 Can I help you with something? 
 Bridget : So, I talked to the lab. 
 Your tox screen results are back. 
 And you were right. 
 There's no trace of opiates. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sorry about, uh... 
 Wait. 
 The PTSD. That's not a small issue. 
 We have to address it. 
 I know. 
 And I appreciate your concern, but I... 
 No buts. 
 If anything like that ever happens again, you have to tell me. 
 And you're getting counseling. 
 You'll be seeing Dr. Laster again. 
 Every week, until we sign off. 
 John? 
 Yeah. I'm here. 
 And you're right. Of course. 
 I'll make an appointment with her right away. 
 Good. 
 Bridget? 
 Thank you. 
 See you tomorrow. 
 Hey. You okay? 
 What's wrong? What happened? 
 Today, I was leaving the house with Ollie and two men... gang members drove by on the street. 
 They were watching me. 
 Did they stop? 
 No. They just slowed down like they knew who I was. 
 Are you sure? 
 I mean, I'm sure you were pretty scared, but... 
 Please don't minimize this. I'm not being paranoid. 
 I'm... 
 I'm gonna call that gang task force detective you were talking to. 
 Holden. 
 I'll call him. 
 Are you sure? Because I thought since I was a lawyer that maybe... 
 No. No. 
 I'll take care of it. 
 I don't want this troubling you any more than it already has. 
 Hey. 
 [whispers] It'll be okay. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 