Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x03 - An Acceptable Surrender - Yellowstone 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x03 - An Acceptable Surrender https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=973&t=38188 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/12/20 06:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x03 - An Acceptable Surrender 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 - Good morning, Grandpa. 
 - Shhh. 
 - What? 
 - Shh. 
 Listen. 
 It's a cow elk. 
 What's she doing? 
 She's a smart one. 
 I don't see her. 
 - You won't. 
 You won't. 
 She's leading that wolf away from her baby. 
 Where's her baby? 
 Laying in some sagebrush right in front of him. 
 When elk are babies, they don't have any scent. 
 So the only way the wolf can find it  is if it loses faith in its mama,  makes a run for it. 
 I'm feeling a little sentimental, grandson. 
 I'd like to see that little elk live. 
 What do you say we tip the scales in his favor? 
 Stay right behind me, okay? 
 We get too close, it'll make a run for its mama  and then we've screwed the whole deal. 
 How are we gonna help it? 
 We're gonna mark a little territory, grandson. 
 Get to it. 
 Just in the one spot? 
 - Everywhere you can. 
 Let her rip. 
 Whoa, hey. 
 Don't mark me. 
 Is Tate up? 
 Uhh. 
 Yeah. 
 What's he doing? 
 - Irrigating. 
 He's fine. 
 Get back in here. 
 Yeah, well, that... 
 that should fix him for a while. 
 What should we do now? 
 Well, I guess... 
 Guess we should check on the cattle. 
 Cattle look good. 
 We done checking on the cattle? 
 Yep. 
 What now? 
 Now we can do whatever you want. 
 I don't know what I want. 
 Let's go on a walk. 
 That's a great idea. 
 Thought ranching would be tougher. 
 - This isn't ranching, grandson. 
 This is the spoils of it. 
 What's that mean? 
 It means this is the reason we do it. 
 Ranching's a... 
 Ranching's a terrible business, grandson. 
 - Terrible? 
 How? 
 Well, where do I start... 
 We can't control the price of beef,  or hay, or the diesel it takes  to take the cattle to auction, or the hay out to the cattle. 
 There's, uh, federal regulations  and state regulations  and county regulations  and these people in the city suing us,  and complaining about the way we raise the food they eat. 
 What else? 
 Then there's blizzards and droughts  and half the herd is trying to kill itself in the river  and the other half looking for a hole in the fence  so he can go stand in the middle of the highway  and get hit by a car. 
 Or wander into the forest  and get eaten by a wolf  or a grizzly... 
 or a big, stinkin' Sasquatch... 
 - What the hell is a Sasquatch? 
 I don't know. 
 There's no such thing as a Sasquatch, is there? 
 Well, I've never seen one. 
 Well, if ranching's so hard, how come we do it? 
 Because it's one hell of a life, Tate. 
 One hell of a life. 
 You know, when you boil life down, it's funny  just how little you need, isn't it? 
 Mm. 
 It's a shame that in a few more generations  this won't exist. 
 People have been saying that for a hundred years, Beth. 
 I mean, they thought that barbed wire  was gonna ruin the frontier,  but there it is... 
 The frontier is all around us. 
 - That's not the frontier, Rip. 
 - You can call it what you want. 
 But that's what it is. 
 I gotta go to work. 
 See you. 
 You know, you're smarter than you look. 
 Not saying much, but you are. 
 Well, you're as smart as you look and that's saying a heap. 
 - The AG is here. 
 - Thank you. 
 Hello, have a seat. 
 This should be good. 
 Depends on your perspective. 
 I just hung up with the President's Chief of Staff  and they're appointing Miss Reid to Deputy Attorney General... 
 - Of the United States. 
 She's 30. 
 I'm aware. 
 They're rebranding in Washington. 
 They're looking for youth. 
 Well, they sure got it. 
 I need to appoint an interim and host a special election. 
 I'm three weeks from the golf course, lady. 
 - No. 
 - What are my options? 
 Can you please just stay on until I figure this out? 
 Send him in. 
 Now you can help me navigate this next quandary. 
 Governor Perry, a pleasure. 
 Likewise. 
 This is Attorney General Stewart. 
 - Hey. 
 - Ellis Steel. 
 Hi. 
 Have a seat. 
 Okay, where to begin... 
 You've looked over our proposal? 
 I have. 
 Yes. 
 - This the airport? 
 - Mm-hmm. 
 What investment are you requesting from the state? 
 We want the land. 
 You retain ownership, we operate on a 30-year lease. 
 The airlines are assuming construction costs  on their respective terminals,  we'll build the infrastructure,  contract management and operations back to the state  for obvious reasons. 
 Our build costs are just over a billion. 
 Now, we're looking for 400 million in land  and a tax subsidy of 500 million over ten years. 
 Talk to me about numbers. 
 The park has roughly 4 million visitors a year,  the majority flying or driving through Jackson Hole. 
 Now, Cody, Wyoming sees the most automobile traffic. 
 We feel once ski resorts are operational,  the airport could see 2 million guests a year. 
 Has the forest service agreed to the lease for the resort? 
 They have. 
 12,000 acres will be developed in three phases. 
 The first resort will be open in eighteen months  with roughly 2000 beds available through our three resorts. 
 Ancillary building:  condos, hotels not under our umbrella,  those things lag by another 18 months to two years. 
 Well, here's my concern:  uh, I don't really look at Jackson Hole  as a model for responsible development. 
 You have multimillion dollar second homes  that are pricing the locals from living there. 
 Jackson has multiple bedroom communities  to absorb the displaced. 
 Paradise Valley doesn't have that. 
 - Livingston is ripe for growth. 
 Our urban planners feel the town could absorb 40,000 people  in the next decade, and it needs to:  Multimillion dollar second homes paying property taxes  into the community without drawing on its services  is exactly what this valley needs. 
 And we're talking about between 3 and 6 billion  in annual tax revenue generated by these developments. 
 Have you chosen a location for the airport? 
 Initially, we thought the golf courses  at the Paradise Valley sporting club could be repurposed,  but the FAA feels the valley there is too narrow. 
 The FAA chose this location. 
 This area here. 
 That's the Yellowstone. 
 That's a seven-generation ranch. 
 He'll never sell. 
 Then you'll invoke eminent domain. 
 It's been attempted. 
 He beat it. 
 Mm-hmm, for a three-hundred unit condo complex. 
 That was a land grab. 
 Did seven generations of ranchers infuse  6 billion dollars into the economy? 
 That's progress, Governor. 
 And progress has a price. 
 Kate, will you cancel my lunch? 
 Absolutely. 
 I knew you'd be money well spent. 
 What do you got? 
 - They're building an airport. 
 So they say. 
 Do you know where? 
 The Sporting Club. 
 - Not the Sporting Club. 
 Not anymore. 
 f*ck. 
 Turn that off. 
 Can only turn it off when he meets his attorney. 
 I am his attorney. 
 Shut camera in three. 
 What the hell, Jamie? 
 Hm? 
 All I did is what they told me to do. 
 What you told me to do. 
 And now... 
 Shut the f*ck up! 
 Now, you need to tell me exactly what happened  from the moment you arrived. 
 Little barrel racer girl,  she was all just beat to hell. 
 And the deputies, they took these two old boys  and they put him in a horse stall. 
 In a horse stall. 
 Not the squad vehicle? 
 In a horse stall. 
 And told me to send a message with 'em. 
 And so we threw 'em in the back of the victim's horse trailer. 
 And I just drove them around. 
 And I worked the brakes pretty hard. 
 Too hard, I guess... 
 Who loaded them in the trailer? 
 Um, the deputies did. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Is there a chance that they were assaulted  prior to your arrival? 
 No, I didn't see... 
 Is there a chance? 
 - Sure. 
 Yeah, there's a chance. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. 
 You loaded them in the trailer  because your vehicle cannot accommodate two perpetrators. 
 They had indicated to you that there were other horses stolen. 
 So you loaded them in the trailer so they could  lead you to the location of the stolen horses. 
 - Are you telling me... 
 - Listen. 
 While driving to this location another vehicle  pulled in front of you  so you were compelled to make a defensive move  for your safety and the safety of the two men in your custody. 
 After avoiding the accident,  you checked on the accused  and you realized they had succumbed to the injuries  sustained by the deputies in the horse stall  at the fairgrounds. 
 Do you recall the events I am repeating to you? 
 That's what happened. 
 It was just like that. 
 - Burn it in your f*cking brain. 
 I'm either on a boat or in a river  or maybe I just don't want to talk to you... 
 Have a blessed day. 
 A blessed day. 
 f*cking douche. 
 I'd be easy to assassinate. 
 Don't tempt me. 
 I'm not trespassing. 
 It's not our land. 
 It's not the first time you've done that. 
 You know, I ran out of things to do for the first time  when I was 20. 
 That paints quite a picture. 
 Yeah feel free to beat off to it later. 
 But who am I kidding, you only do that in front of the mirror, right? 
 - Only if the light's right. 
 - Yeah, I figured. 
 Where the f*ck are you putting that airport? 
 I told you, I'm not involved in the day to day... 
 Bullshit. 
 I drive this road every single day, you're never here. 
 And now you're here every day  while attorneys sit with the governor  to decide what properties to condemn. 
 You know, paying state officials  for information is a felony. 
 You've never done it? 
 I've done about all you can do to make money. 
 So have you. 
 You have broken companies, ruined families,  ended careers  and now you stand there  looking at me with those big, mad eyes  because someone's doing it to you. 
 And all we're going to do is make him one  of the richest men in Montana. 
 Oh, the tragedy. 
 - It's not what he wants. 
 He wants the land. 
 You know the trick to never losing your land? 
 Find land no one else wants. 
 That's the only way. 
 I'm gonna stop you. 
 How? 
 You gonna move another river, Beth? 
 We'll just move it back. 
 None of us want to spend a year in a courthouse  but we will. 
 We can afford it. 
 How about you, Beth? 
 Can your family afford it? 
 Can you afford to fight the army we'll march in there? 
 Make us a proposal. 
 Make it very fair to your family. 
 We'd prefer to avoid a fight. 
 But we aren't scared of one either. 
 County Attorney Randy Harper to see Commissioner Dutton. 
 - He's expecting you. 
 - Yeah. 
 - You got a lot of f*cking balls summoning me into your office... 
 Are you out of your f*cking mind? 
 Out of my mind is me testifying in court,  to the phone call you made to me  asking me to send an agent to assault detainees. 
 What phone call? 
 The one I recorded, you asshole. 
 Think this is my f*cking hobby? 
 An agent of my office was sent to retrieve two assailants  who had visible marks on them when loaded onto a vehicle  by your deputies... 
 A vehicle my agent had every right to hold as evidence. 
 If your agent takes the fall for this,  we're all clear. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 I guess all he has to do  is spend the rest of his life in prison  while his wife and two kids  rot in some f*cking single-wide in Belgrade. 
 You want to pitch him that idea  or are you starting to smell the reek  of an immunity deal with state prosecutors? 
 I just told you to teach them a lesson. 
 Yeah, you sure did, Randy. 
 I mean, that's exactly what you said. 
 Are the perps local? 
 One's from Louisiana, one's from Missouri. 
 Last known address is a oil camp in North Dakota. 
 Toe tag them as John Does,  say your deputies pulled them from a truck  in a bar ditch with three times the legal limit  of alcohol in their system. 
 What about the victim? 
 She saw everything. 
 That was quick. 
 Sheriff said they'd need it for a while. 
 How can she rodeo without a truck and trailer? 
 That's what I said. 
 But they said they needed it for... 
 For what? 
 - Guess one of the deputies took it too far with those assholes. 
 - Uh... 
 not one of the deputies. 
 What I'm telling you could put my agent in prison. 
 It could put me in prison, too. 
 Maybe you shouldn't tell it. 
 My sister was beaten to within an inch of her life. 
 Whatever else they did... 
 I can't say. 
 She won't either. 
 But I can say this:  a man who puts a hand on a member of my family  never puts a hand on anything else. 
 Is a beating all she got? 
 I don't know. 
 She won't talk about it. 
 I got half a mind to stand outside the courthouse  with a shotgun  and wait for those sons of bitches to get out on bail. 
 You don't have to do that. 
 Everyone says that, but... 
 everyone's daughter isn't beat to sh1t  and God knows what else. 
 So don't tell me what to f*cking do. 
 It ain't your daughter. 
 I'm not telling you what to do. 
 I'm saying you don't have to do that. 
 Eighty years ago we could've hung them from a tree. 
 But today... 
 this is the best I can offer. 
 I can promise this:  they're never getting arraigned. 
 You should run for governor. 
 Let's just focus on today. 
 You did that for me? 
 I did that for every father  who would be sacrificing their family if they did it. 
 So they're gone. 
 They're done. 
 I don't know you, sir. 
 And I'm showing you a lot of trust. 
 I need you to show me the same. 
 I just want to be clear about what this means. 
 You've been plenty clear. 
 This makes you an accessory. 
 Your daughter needs to understand that. 
 My daughter won't say a word  and it makes me more than that. 
 Don't worry about this:  soon as the grounds dry, it never happened. 
 But between you and me... 
 Time'll come you'll need a favor  and I can't wait to give it. 
 I might ask for it. 
 Kate, get me John Dutton on the line, please. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 It went straight to voicemail. 
 - Try Jamie. 
 - - Yes, ma'am. 
 I'm putting him through. 
 - Jamie? 
 - Governor. 
 What can I do for you? 
 I need to sit down with you and your father. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Can you give me the broad strokes  of what we'll be discussing? 
 - Sorry, no broad strokes today. 
 When can we meet? 
 Actually, governor, can I get back to you tomorrow? 
 This meeting has to happen tomorrow. 
 Time is not on our side. 
 I'll get back to you first thing, then. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey. 
 Did you talk to anyone? 
 No, I did everything the way you said to do it. 
 Is there a problem? 
 I don't know. 
 Jamie, if there's a problem I need to know about it... 
 There's no problem. 
 The lie is the truth now. 
 The lie is the truth and it is the truth forever. 
 Do you understand me? 
 You're on your f*cking own with this. 
 Make up your own truth. 
 sh1t! 
 Randy? 
 f*ck! 
 Well, what do you think? 
 We should have done this years ago. 
 We can run stockers out here 'till December. 
 That your new hire? 
 Yessir. 
 How did she get up there? 
 sh1t, I haven't figured that one out yet. 
 She ran up it like a damn beetle. 
 Never seen anything like it. 
 Colby, what time it is? 
 You know, Jimmy, when the sun's directly above you,  what time do you think that is? 
 Jimmy, you got somewhere you need to be? 
 Oh, no, it's just the qualifier  in Livingston starts at 3. 
 So if we're done here, is it okay to...? 
 What's the matter, I don't pay you enough? 
 No, sir. 
 No, I just been saving it up. 
 Finally got enough to get my pro card, so... 
 Tonight's the first rodeo that counts  toward my standings. 
 It's a rough way to make a living, Jimmy. 
 You break an arm chasing buckles,  it's hard to... 
 it's hard to stay on any man's payroll. 
 
 
 
 Yes, sir. 
 Here goes the day. 
 Governor wants to see us. 
 You mean the Governor wants to see you. 
 I'm retired. 
 And enjoying it. 
 She said both of us. 
 I can bring the chopper out here. 
 We can be in Helena in an hour. 
 Sounds important. 
 Sounds like it. 
 If it's that important, she shouldn't mind coming to see me. 
 And I'll be at the rodeo in Livingston. 
 Well, we can get back by... 
 I said I'll be at the rodeo. 
 I'm sure her voters would enjoy watching her  partake in something they actually care about. 
 Rip, decide who's stayin' with the herd tonight. 
 I'm gonna take this outfit to town  and we're, uh... 
 we'll go watch Jimmy rodeo. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, Teeter. 
 You're with the herd tonight. 
 Colby, you stay with her, too. 
 Who am I to come between you and nature, Colby? 
 Hey, real, quick, who's on top? 
 I don't think there's any debate about that. 
 We're gonna go get cleaned up, go into town. 
 You have a great night, buddy. 
 Don't do anything I wouldn't do. 
 You know, I want both of you to just drop dead  right in front of me right now. 
 That would be a dream. 
 - Oh, I think you're gonna have a new dream in a little while. 
 All right, you all have fun. 
 And take care of our friend, okay? 
 And go slow, he's a romantic. 
 Hey, hey, you look like a plucked mother f*ckin' chicken. 
 Boc, boc, boc! 
 - Thank you. 
 Don't fall. 
 Okay? 
 You're really high up. 
 That one's got a real mouth on her. 
 Yeah, I like that girl. 
 Let's have a round of applause  for tonight's flag rider. 
 Woo! 
 PRCA judges include saddle bronk rider  and gold card member Tom Reeves. 
 He'll be one of our judges tonight. 
 I guess everyone thinks  I'm the dumbest man in the valley. 
 You can hold her damn hand, Rip. 
 Thank you, Daddy. 
 As if something could happen on my ranch I don't know about. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 Pickup men please report to, uh, gate 3. 
 Kid drew No Name. 
 - Oh, sh1t. 
 That's a nasty bronc there. 
 That son of a bitch last year bucked ten rounds at the NFR  and he threw every one of them in the dirt. 
 A hundred thousand dollar bucking horse,  right there, probably, huh? 
 Better get his head in the game. 
 Oh sh1t. 
 Jimmy? 
 Ain't gonna say nuthin'? 
 Yeah, I didn't really plan this out past walking up here. 
 Um... 
 I saw you in Three Forks. 
 Scored an 89. 
 Beat my brother. 
 Yeah, I didn't see you or I woulda remembered. 
 I was in the stands. 
 Um, you are Jimmy Hurdstram. 
 You, uh.. 
 You know my name? 
 - Like I said. 
 I saw you in Three Forks. 
 I'm Mia. 
 Very professional of us. 
 I'm trying real hard to think of something to say. 
 And just nothing's coming out. 
 You could ask me on a date. 
 I could. 
 I could do that. 
 So, do it. 
 Wanna go on a date? 
 Yes. 
 Yeah. 
 sh1t, that's kind of easy. 
 Ain't supposed to be hard. 
 - It's usually pretty hard. 
 I don't know. 
 Jimmy. 
 - That your dad? 
 - Kind of, yeah. 
 - What's your draw? 
 - Third. 
 I'll be cheering for you. 
 I'll give you something to cheer for. 
 Good luck. 
 Hey, Dipshit. 
 Pardon us, ma'am. 
 We've got a rodeo to win. 
 Yeah, I hope so. 
 Can't believe I kissed you. 
 I'm not that forward. 
 I liked it, so... 
 Jimmy, Jesus. 
 Ever had a girl look at you and your whole world just stops? 
 Every Saturday night. 
 Now, come on, focus. 
 Get your ass in there. 
 - Did you see her? 
 - Yes, we saw her. 
 Looks like we have a special visitor tonight. 
 Montana's very own Governor Perry. 
 Ah. 
 You don't make it easy, do you? 
 - Well, never my goal, Lynelle. 
 Tonight in Livingston concession proceeds  You, uh, want a beer? 
 ...will help fund our food bank. 
 Why not visit them now? 
 Sure. 
 Let's have a beer. 
 Hey, buddy, you hungry? 
 Let's go get you a corn dog. 
 We're going to go get something to eat. 
 - So, um... 
 First event of the evening, saddle bronk riding. 
 - Governor. 
 - Jamie. 
 Can we just enjoy the evening  and talk about the problem tomorrow? 
 Come on, Lynelle, that's the one good thing about problems:  they'll still be problems tomorrow. 
 You want to walk me through the plan behind that dirty grin? 
 Well, that all depends. 
 On what? 
 On how big your security detail is. 
 - How's, uh... 
 forced retirement? 
 - Bliss. 
 The PRCA also proudly supports youth rodeo, education camps,  and financial assistance to young standouts prepared to enter the professional ranks. 
 - I'll make you a deal. 
 - All right. 
 - As supporting allied organizations such as "Tough Enough to Wear Pink,"  - I'll give you the solution tonight and the problem tomorrow. 
 You agree to the solution, - "Mrs. 
 Rodeo America,""The American Quarter Horse  - and we can play teenager for the remainder of the night. 
 - Association,"  - All right. 
 What's the solution? 
 - And the Pro Rodeo  - I appoint Jamie interim Attorney General - Hall of Fame. 
 And Jamie appoints a person of your choosing  to run the Livestock Commission. 
 Livingstson's Summer Spectacular is A PRCA sanctioned event. 
 It's brought to you by "Wrangler," "Carhart,"  Something happened. 
 "Cactus Ropes," "Justin" and "Coors". 
 Is what I'm proposing best for the state? 
 I don't know. 
 Is it best for you? 
 Yes. 
 Is it best for the people in this valley? 
 I... 
 I think so. 
 In my heart, I think it is. 
 And we do all this with what goal in mind? 
 To negotiate an acceptable surrender. 
 First draw of the night, Michael Murray,  will be riding "Flies too much."  What are we surrendering? 
 You wanna go skinny dipping down in the river? 
 No. 
 Wanna backrub? 
 - I don't. 
 Thanks. 
 You wanna give me'un? 
 No, I don't. 
 sh1t, you don't like girls, do ya? 
 Bet you want to pile drive  one of them boys in my posters, don't ya? 
 No, I don't want to pile drive  one of the boys in your poster. 
 Bullshit. 
 Can you not? 
 It's all right, baby. 
 Championship night here in Livingston. 
 As we go to Danny Primrose. 
 He's on Raising Cain. 
 Hey! 
 Hey! 
 Hey! 
 That was a good ride. 
 Let's see what the judges think. 
 Jimmy's next. 
 - The problem... 
 there's plenty... 
 But problem number one is:  I don't have anyone to replace Jamie. 
 The PRCA also proudly supports youth rodeo, education camps, and financial  - What about the war hero? 
 - ...assistance to young standouts prepared to enter  - Already asked him. 
 He won't do it. 
 - The professional ranks. 
 - You've never asked anybody for anything in your life. 
 - As supporting allied... 
 - You tell. 
 - organizations such as  - I'll ask him. 
 - "Tough Enough to Wear Pink," - "Mrs. 
 Rodeo America,"  - And he won't say no. 
 - "The American Quarter Horse - Association,"  - If that's what you want for him. 
 - And the "Pro Rodeo - Hall of Fame."  It's all I've ever wanted for him. 
 Then let me put a little sugar on this pill. 
 John Dutton admitting that he can't do everything. 
 I admitted no such thing. 
 Third draw rider Jimmy Hurdstrum  will be riding "No Name."  - Okay, come on, kid. 
 Come on, Jimmy. 
 He pulled "No Name." That's $100,000 bucking horse right there. 
 He was in the NFR last year, and he pulled  half the riders to the dirt. 
 Wake the f*ck up, Jimmy. 
 - Ready, ready, ready. 
 - Better be. 
 Get your bind. 
 Let's go, Jimmy. 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no! 
 Oh man, Jimmy Hurdstrum. 
 He's one tough cowboy. 
 He took one heck of a shot down there. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 