Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Reloaded - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Reloaded https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18725 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/15/12 22:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Reloaded 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Device whirring ] 
 [ Sirens wailing ] 
 [ Gunshots ] 
 [ Clacking continues ] 
 [ Police radio chatter continues ] 
 Provenza : [ Clears throat ] 
 Uh, uh, you know, Sykes, I don't like to criticize people. 
 But this looks like the worst undercover operation I've ever seen! 
 Yeah, this? Yeah, I-I can explain all this. 
 Mm, would that include how you let two members of this crew go in and out of the back without giving chase? 
 Yes. I can explain that also, lieutenant. 
 Go, then, before F.I.D. Kicks us out. 
 All right. These five guys... the two dead on the ground, the one in the squad car who gave up, and the two that got away... they've been robbing grocery stores for, I don't know, eight months, and... and detective Miller just now, today, asked us to follow the driver. 
 Calling himself Donny... probably an alias. 
 Yeah, as maybe... maybe... a suspect. 
 Flynn : Well, what'd you think they were up to when they rolled into the parking lot? 
 Not this. 
 I mean, when they got out of their vehicles with guns and masks, we knew what was gonna happen, but... 
 They had M-4s. 
 We didn't want to stress them with civilians around. 
 Then why call for backup? 
 We didn't. 
 Someone inside the store pulled the silent alarm. 
 Nothing she could do about  that. 
 Yeah, but when you found out two guys had gone in and out through the back, why didn't you go after them? 
 We killed suspects, and force investigation division said we had to wait here for our interviews. 
 Captain Raydor and her crazy ideas. 
 Anyhow, here I am. 
 Still waiting to get my statement! instead of chasing after heavily armed suspects, she was frozen here because of... 
 Taylor : This is F.I.D.'S scene. 
 We have officer-involved shootings. 
 Well, I have shots fired, too. 
 And from fully automatic weapons, sir. Oh. 
 Now it is a public-safety issue. 
 Now, do you want us to go find these two missing suspects... 
 Or not? 
 And... and where  is  Raydor, by the way? 
 She'll be here in a little bit. 
 How can I help? 
 The suspect who gave up is sitting in that patrol car over there. 
 If we can move him downtown right now... the suspect stays there until force investigation takes him. 
 That's the policy. 
 Look, we're not starting the clock over on major crimes just to give people new reasons to sue us. 
 We have to keep making real changes. 
 "Changes"? What... what changes? 
 I've got things running great. 
 Talk to the suspect here. 
 I'll see if I can move F.I.D. Along. 
 Come on. 
 Sykes. Miller. Come with us. 
 Hold on. 
 Something wrong, julio? 
 Maybe. 
 Provenza : All right, buzz. 
 What  haven't  I seen? 
 The feed from the two security cameras inside the store and the video off the patrol cars. 
 Well, make sure that you get copies of all that stuff from F.I.D. 
 And don't come back here with a bunch of excuses. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Sykes, who's our suspect? 
 Sykes : Not sure. 
 All their prints are in AFIS, but the feds have a flag on their names. 
 Provenza : All right, Mike. 
 You ask our friendly FBI liaison what these flags are about. 
 We have got to know who these people are. 
 Lieutenant, I've spent most of the year chasing these guys... 
 I understand, Miller, but it's our case now. 
 All right, Flynn. 
 Hey. I'm Andy. What's your name? 
 So... I hear you have an opening in major crimes. 
 Usually, Sykes, people hold off asking for a promotion until they've done something  right. 
 [ Car door slams ] 
 You gonna talk to me, or do you want me to leave? 
 How are they... my friends? 
 Not good. 
 In fact, they'll be going to the morgue pretty soon. 
 Look, I'm gonna give you something to think about. 
 So listen to me. Come on. 
 Sit up. Look at me. 
 Look at me. 
 Because you surrendered your weapon and gave up, I don't want to charge you for murder if I don't have to. 
 What? No. The police killed... look, look, look... you guys killed people... not us. 
 Hold on. Listen to me. We were never supposed to kill anyone! 
 Listen to me! Listen to me! 
 Now, in the commission of a felony, if anyone dies, even though the police shot them, technically that's murder. 
 And those murders are on you. 
 Look, I can help you. 
 'Cause if we talk to the D.A. Right now, and you tell him your name and the names of all your friends, especially the ones that got away, he'll make a deal to arrest you just for the robberies. 
 But we have to hurry because you're going down to booking any second, and this is gonna be all out of my hands. 
 Let me arrest you for robbery... 
 And not murder. 
 Let me make you a deal. 
 What do you say? 
 Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 
 Yeah, good. 
 I'm gonna go get the D.A. Now. 
 Okay. 
 He's ready to make a deal. 
 But he knows me, and he knows Sykes. 
 So somebody else has to pretend that they're the D.A. 
 Who feels like pretending? 
 You? 
 Yeah. Okay? Listen, you know the routine. 
 You don't have to say you're a D.A. 
 Just go through the... 
 [ Gunshots ] 
 [ Glass shatters ] 
 I got this side! 
 I got this side! 
 [ Gunshot ] 
 [ Gunshots stop ] 
 [ Siren wails in distance ] 
 This guy wasn't killed with an automatic weapon? 
 I recovered six of the seven bullets fired, all but one of which landed somewhere inside the squad car. 
 So, yeah, a .40-caliber handgun, which is why we're keeping the search perimeter for the casings to about 150 yards along these lines of sight. 
 And we're still looking for the missing bullet. 
 Provenza : The point is, agent Howard, our suspects have fully automatic weapons, which is a federal crime, too. 
 And since we can't get AFIS to release their names... 
 Their prints became classified when you ran the guns. 
 How come? 
 I'm guessing the guns were taken from a military base. 
 This gang, they're veterans. 
 What makes you think these guys are soldiers? 
 Well, they took the store down fast, targeted unoccupied vehicles. 
 They didn't kill or wound anyone, and 30 minutes later, one of them circled back and shot our suspect in the head with a handgun from over a block away. 
 Who can do that? 
 Every male member of my family served this country in uniform. 
 My father, my son, and myself. 
 Chief Taylor comes from a military family. 
 Yeah, well, you may be shocked to hear that sometimes husbands kill their wives, and priests don't always make great babysitters. 
 Come on, Miller, what business are you in? 
 Flynn : All right, look, if our dead guys are really veterans, opening their military files will help us find their heavily armed friends. 
 All right, give me a minute. 
 Provenza : Come on. Come on. 
 Get it all out, Miller. 
 What else is bothering you? 
 A lot of what happened today doesn't fit this crew's M.O. 
 They split up to enter the store... never did that before. 
 They hit a place with a silent alarm... never did that before. 
 I just thought these guys were smarter than this. 
 If they were really smart, they would have quit before we got here. 
 Flynn! Oh, captain. 
 You need anything? 
 Lieutenant, sorry to be running so behind. 
 Could you bring me up to speed? 
 Hold on. 
 Flynn. Flynn. 
 Let's make sure all the paperwork is in order so that when agent Howard I.D.S our victims, we can serve those search warrants right away. 
 Uh, I'm sorry, captain. 
 I don't... I don't owe you a briefing. 
 Technically, the kid was in F.I.D.'S custody, not ours. 
 And as you can see, we're in a bit of a hurry around here. Provenza. 
 Captain Raydor was transferred from force investigation division to major crimes, making her your ranking officer. 
 Effective immediately. 
 And I need a briefing. 
 Uh, okay. 
 Okay, I'll give you a briefing. 
 You're late. 
 And you may be the ranking officer, but I am the incident commander. 
 And I am not halting a search for suspects with automatic weapons so you or anybody else can catch up. 
 Flynn, Sanchez. 
 Lieutenant. 
 Uh, there... there's a couple of things [chuckling] You don't seem to understand. 
 One is that I am the incident commander, and the other is English, because I've said it twice. 
 Agent Howard, um, if you would like to represent the FBI, we'll be getting our warrants en route. 
 I will ca you,  captain, after I've made my arrests. 
 Miller? 
 I may have questions. 
 [ Exhales sharply ] 
 I told you we should've waited. 
 No. 
 This is the moment. 
 Wasn't until we started cleaning the store, we even knew the other two suspects had been there.Tore and by that time... 
 They were gone. 
 Lieutenant provenza was mad that we didn't chase after them, but I felt it was more important that we stick with procedure and remain at the scene of our action. 
 Which was the right thing to do, of course. 
 Major crimes has a history of ignoring I.A.P.D. Policy and leaving others to deal with the consequences. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Rusty. 
 What are you doing here? 
 His file says "attention: Major crimes." 
 And this is the third time he's run away from home this week. 
 It's  not  my home. 
 The foster parents that D.C.F.S. put him with... Won't take him back. 
 That is fine with me. 
 They were terrible. 
 What's the problem? 
 Living with complete strangers... 
 that  is the problem. 
 And they were, like, telling me what to do all day long, even, like, what I could eat. 
 And they would turn off the television at 9:00 every night. 
 So, you were tortured. 
 I will take care of him. 
 Thank you. [ Sighs ] 
 Look, I know Brenda was fired or whatever, but I need to speak with  her  right now. 
 Uh, detective Sykes. 
 Uh, could you, uh, could you pardon me for one moment? 
 Sure. And I should say congratulations, captain, on taking over major crimes. 
 Well deserved. 
 Look... 
 We had a deal. 
 I helped you guys catch a serial killer so that you would find my mom... not just dump me into the system. 
 I mean, you want to know why people don't like the police? 
 It's because you're all a bunch of liars. 
 That's why. 
 Okay. 
 [ Clears throat ] Um... 
 Um... 
 Right. 
 Rusty... 
 We haven't been able to find your mom yet, and you are too young to live unsupervised. 
 I lived unsupervised for months, and nobody cared. 
 I can handle it. 
 Okay. 
 You are a material witness in a murder trial, which means that you have to go to court when Philip Stroh stands trial, and you have to testify under oath about what happened to you. No, I don't have to do that. 
 Oh, yes, you do. And we have to protect you until then. 
 No, I am  not  doing that, a you  can't make me. 
 Oh, yes, we can make you, and we will make you. 
 And until then, we need to find a safe place for you to stay. 
 Look, I-I-I don't know you... 
 Really. 
 But I don't like you. 
 So, I'd rather just deal with Brenda, please. 
 Well, I'm afraid you're standing at the back of a very long line. 
 Unfortunately, chief Johnson has retired from the I.A.P.D. 
 She is out of town. 
 So I am who you've got. 
 What? 
 [ Knock on door ] 
 Um... Hold on. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 You  hold on. 
 I need to know who here is looking for my mother. 
 I am. 
 I am supervising the search for your mother. 
 And I will find her. 
 Yes, come in. 
 Oh. 
 Um... Sorry to interrupt. 
 But the lieutenants are back, and commander Taylor... assistant chief Taylor is walking down from his office. 
 Okay. Um... 
 Buzz, you remember rusty. 
 Oh. 
 Uh... Yes. Hi. 
 I don't know him. 
 He works here. 
 Um, buzz... 
 Could you keep our guest with you in electronics till I get child services to appoint a more suitable guardian? 
 No! I know how upsetting this is. 
 No, you can't. You put me somewhere. Listen. 
 But I don't have time to deal with... 
 I can't stop now to do this. Listen to me. No, you listen to me. Listen to me! 
 If you put me somewhere that is not with my mom, then I am gone. 
 And that... that's too bad for your trial, huh? 
 Buzz. Electronics. Now. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, I want a lawyer! 
 I have a right to a lawyer, don't I? 
 I want a lawyer. 
 Lawyers are for criminals, not witnesses. 
 That's probably another lie. 
 I bet you don't know the first thing about lawyers. 
 What kind of name is "buzz," anyway? 
 You mean compared to "rusty"? 
 Sykes? 
 Sykes. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I asked for her help catching up with your investigation, seeing as she was available and you were quite rightly focused on finding our shooter. 
 How'd you do? 
 Unfortunately, we still don't know who we're looking for. 
 But we did identify all of the... well, I guess now they're victims, and we collected some useful stuff from their apartment. 
 So, let's see. 
 The, uh... [ Folders thud ] The guy who gave himself up and also got shot in the back of the head is Lance corporal Larry Martin from scottsdale. 
 Ex-marine. 
 We have former army private Barry Seaton from decatur, Illinois, driver of the vehicle, who detective Sykes followed. 
 And army private Scott Henry from San angelo, Texas. 
 Retired. 
 Permanently. 
 Detective Miller... 
 These men seem to have become expert at both choosing their targets and evading capture. 
 That's right. They always pick cash-heavy stores. 
 We tried predicting where they would go, but whenever we were sitting on them, they were somewhere else. 
 Well, can you explain why two of these men made a clean getaway, then circled back to shoot one of their own in the back of the head? 
 Well, according to lieutenant Flynn, corporal Martin was about to talk. 
 Maybe his surviving partners thought he was a weak link. 
 So all of our men were veterans in their mid to late 20s. 
 They have anything else in common? 
 Don't know yet, ma'am. 
 And have we eliminated some potential connections? 
 Come on, guys. 
 We're after some extremely violent, well-armed offenders. 
 The city needs us to pull it together. 
 And you waited for a moment like this to put her here. 
 So you could say those words. 
 All that "let's pull together for the good of the city" crap. 
 Well, we  will  pull together because it's our duty. 
 But later, you and I,  assistant chief,  are going to talk. 
 Taylor : Okay. 
 But later. 
 Before... "Later," 
 I'd just like to say, the I.A.P.D. Needs to be extra careful right now... 
 Not only to obey the rules, but to be seen obeying the rules. 
 Therefore, as the commanding officer responsible for the conduct of this investigation, and before I call to ask for a prosecutor to be assigned to this case, I would like to know what we are up against... 
 Now. 
 You would think that all these guys would be from the same branch of the service, but they're not. 
 Or that they served together at the same time in the same place... they didn't. 
 They're not related, they're not from the same towns. 
 What else? 
 They're not listed as members of any veterans organizations, no criminal records. 
 Sanchez : No land lines in their apartments, no cellphones. 
 They have Internet connections and game consoles but no computers, so we don't know how they communicated with each other, ma'am. 
 But the military angle has got to have something to do with it. 
 Hey, I'm a veteran. 
 Sorry to interrupt, but I served in Afghanistan in '03, and one place veterans meet up with each other... firing ranges. 
 Right? 'Cause shooting well is not like riding a bike. 
 Miller : She's right. 
 Whoever took out Larry Martin in the back of that patrol car was either really lucky or really good. 
 And "really good" takes practice. 
 Yeah. Hey, uh, anybody here play fps games? 
 F-p-what? Fps... first-person-shooter ...online games. 
 You ever played one of those, lieutenant? 
 Uh, you haven't, sir. 
 He hasn't. 
 All right, well, fpses have chat options, which means while you play, you can talk to your friends. 
 I bet you that's how these guys communicated with each other. 
 See, there's no computers, but they all have keyboards. 
 And they all had "win or die." 
 
 
 
 [ Telephone rings ] 
 Provenza : Major crimes. 
 Hey. I found something. 
 Captain. [ Clears throat ] 
 It's tao. 
 Thank you. 
 Lieutenant tao, it's captain Raydor. 
 Okay. 
 I'm standing where the killer shot our suspect. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 And I think I found the bullet I was missing, too. 
 It's later. 
 Okay. 
 Good. 
 I'll keep this short. 
 Let's put aside the insulting way that you replaced me in the middle of... no one replaced you. 
 You're in the same position you've always been. 
 Am I in command of major crimes? 
 No. I was replaced... after one week. [ Sighs ] 
 Oh, that's not what happened. 
 That is exactly what happened! 
 And I want a transfer. 
 Try letting Raydor run major crimes without me... see how well  that  turns out. 
 Okay. 
 I know more about homicides... 
 Okay. 
 ...than she has time to learn! 
 I thought you were going to keep this short. 
 [ Siren wails in distance ] 
 We're changing the focus of major crimes. 
 We can't just hand the D.A. Good confessions any more. 
 We have to try harder... To avoid trial. 
 You're talking about plea bargains. 
 We don't have the legal authority to make deals. 
 [ Object thuds ] 
 Prosecutors do. 
 Prosecutors. 
 So that's why you've been pushing deputy D.A.S at us all the time. 
 You're trying to short-change the justice system. 
 Avoiding death-penalty cases saves the city millions of dollars. 
 The I.A.P.D. 
 Does not negotiate with murderers. 
 We'll see. 
 You'll see. 
 I want my transfer. 
 Chief pope handed me this paperwork himself just so you know whose game you're in. 
 You stay in major crimes, or you retire. 
 Now, you want to give me your badge... 
 Or do you want to tell me how one of the fugitives who escaped from the crime scene this morning ended up with a bullet in his head? 
 Dr. Morales : Well, normally, I'd say suicide. 
 Unless... 
 Unless? 
 That handgun was a .40-caliber semi? 
 Right. 
 You have it with you? 
 Patrol wrapped it up before I had a chance to... 
 Inspect it properly. 
 When a person shoots this kind of gun, their grip keeps it steady, allowing the next round to automatically reload. 
 But in a suicide, we often encounter something called "limp wrist syndrome." 
 Limp wrist syndrome. 
 I  know. But it's not what you think. 
 Huh. After you shoot yourself here, the hand holding the gun can no longer provide the proper kind of support. 
 If the weapon malfunctioned and the automatic reload failed, this is a suicide. 
 But if there's a bullet in the chamber... 
 There is. 
 ...that could be murder. 
 Fritz : Excuse me. 
 I can identify your victim. 
 Great. 
 Fritz : Private Randall John. 
 Ex-U.S. marine from Clayton, Georgia, not connected or related to any of our other victims/suspects. 
 But Sykes was right. 
 FBI found all four of our guys signed in to gun heaven, a firing range up in Northridge. 
 So, our missing suspect is probably in their customer base. 
 Along with about 22,000 other people. 
 This is the user list for gun heaven. 
 Now, it's broken down alphabetically, so I can't tell when people were there or who they were there with. 
 These men have to have other connections besides firing ranges and online games. 
 They became close enough to form a mob. 
 That did not happen at gun heaven. 
 The FBI's out talking to their families right now. 
 We're bound to come up with other common denominators. 
 Anything so far? 
 Not much other than surprised parents. 
 Everyone seemed to think their sons were doing a lot better than they were. 
 That's probably because they stopped asking for money. [ Cellphone rings ] 
 Oh. This is, um... 
 Excuse me. 
 I'll get back to you tomorrow. 
 Hey, chief! 
 Fritz : Hi, honey. 
 Lieutenant tao, do you think we should try and find out if our marine private here... 
 Uh, what's his name? 
 Randall John. 
 Private John and the young man that lieutenant Flynn spoke to in the car were shot with the same gun? 
 I'll get on that. 
 Thank you. 
 Well, see you later, then. 
 Yes? 
 The kid you're describing as the young man in the car... call him Larry Martin. 
 When working homicide, it's good to know your victims by name. 
 And I have to tell you, captain, in the custody of any other police department in this country, Larry would have been taken someplace safe and allowed to confess, which he was ready to do. 
 But because of some bullshit regulation that you put into place at F.I.D., some stupid policy that when shots are fired, suspects must remain at a crime scene, Larry Martin got his head shot off! 
 And every single problem that we're having in this investigation... especially not knowing who the hell we're looking for... every problem we're having is because of you. 
 Andy... 
 You are right about that. 
 The I.A.P.D. Is the only police department in this country that would have held Larry Martin on site for questioning. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 So, how did the killer know that he could circle back around 30 minutes later and Larry Martin would still be there? 
 That's a very good question. 
 [ Folder rustles ] 
 When you think about it, these young men seem to know quite a lot about the I.A.P.D.'S investigation. 
 Didn't detective Miller say that he tried to predict their targets, but every store he was sitting on, they were somewhere else? 
 And he said every male member of his family had been in the military. 
 Including h son. 
 Who, I bet, lives at home. 
 [  Engines revving  ] 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Miller : Greg? 
 I have a guest. 
 You're home late. 
 Yeah. Well, a long day. 
 We have company. 
 Julio, this is my son, Greg. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 [ TV turns off ] 
 What's going on? 
 Big shootout today. 
 You know those robberies I've been working? 
 The guys knocking over grocery stores? 
 Yeah. Four of them were killed today. 
 Huh. 
 Still looking for the fifth. 
 From home? 
 When we do this stuff at our desks, the city  has  to pay us overtime. 
 Right. 
 Forgot. 
 You guys work for free now. 
 Can I help any? 
 Yeah. 
 More boxes in the trunk. 
 Officer : Greg Miller? 
 Hey, what's going on? 
 Get on your knees. 
 Hands behind your back. 
 What are you doing? 
 You agreed. 
 We'll get Greg a lawyer, and you stand down. 
 Stand down! 
 Dad! Dad? You have the right to remain... okay, guys. You can start the house search over there. 
 In the backyard... throw up some work lights. 
 You get that gun off my son? 
 Yes. I did. 
 Sir. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Greg has... he was never like this before. 
 It has to be post-traumatic stress. 
 Something. 
 Has  to be. 
 Yeah, well... 
 Just make sure you tell his attorney that. 
 Let me try and explain from my view as a D.A. 
 It's great that you're able to match the gun to the crime scene. 
 But you have not put the suspect there. 
 And outside of a list of over 20,000 customers of a very successful firing range, you haven't even linked the suspect to any other member of this gang. 
 What about the $200,000 we found at Greg Miller's house? 
 It's not traceable to any of the robberies. 
 Now, don't misunderstand me. 
 This is an excellent circumstantial case, which I will win in court. 
 But it doesn't help me with this new deal-making paradigm that you want to put in place. 
 Taylor : Sorry. D.D.A. Michaels, we cannot wait for the stars to align. 
 We know who did it. 
 Know  how it was done. 
 If we can't reach a settlement under these circumstances... 
 [ Stammers ] Chief Taylor's right. 
 There will be challenges to every case. 
 What I would like you to do is tell them what we would like the suspect to admit in his statement of facts, and let me... 
 [ Indistinct arguing ] 
 ...think. 
 For a moment. 
 Rusty : Geez, what are you doing?! 
 Listen. No. I am getting a lawyer, and I am suing you for holding me against my will. 
 If you don't knock it off, and I mean right now, the next place you go is gonna have locks on the doors and bars on the windows. 
 Do you want to spend the next two years in a juvenile detention center? 
 Keep talking! 
 And see what happens. 
 Officially, rusty is in an emergency-care situation, which means he needs 24/7 adult supervision. 
 Okay. But by whom? 
 Well, I am working that out, but in the meantime, have him walked across the street to the doctor, have his personal things sent to my office, and he'll be out of your hair for the rest of the day. 
 Before we can deal with any of your concerns, we need to comply fully with the law. 
 And we will. 
 God, does she love the rules. 
 You have no idea. 
 Come on. 
 Greg isn't guilty of anything except... 
 Misjudging the character of a friend... not that uncommon with people suffering from PTSD. 
 Mr. banks thinks we're in the middle of a big misunderstanding. 
 Tao : Greg is mentally impaired, though not under a doctor's care. 
 Flynn : He also doesn't know any of our victims. 
 He was holding the gun and all the money we found for a friend... 
 He'd rather not identify. 
 Sharon : I see. 
 Is it possible that that friend was someone that you met in rehab? 
 Your father... who wishes he was dead, by the way... told me that he thought you were doing better, which made me wonder, "better than what?" 
 Does that mean better than when you came back from Afghanistan addicted to meth? 
 Fritz : At lieutenant Provenza's suggestion, the FBI followed up with the families of all these other young men you claim not to know. 
 And last November, every one of them was parked with you in a 30-bed drug-treatment center in studio city specializing in veterans. 
 Placing my client at a rehab is not the same as putting him at a crime scene. 
 Okay. But... Suppose while he was coming off of drugs, your client became close to a group of at-risk veterans, and suppose that he talked them into pulling a series of armed robberies, taking full advantage of everything he could learn as the son of an I.A.P.D. Detective. 
 And suppose that, after much success, Greg discovered that one of his little gang was being followed by undercover police officers and knew it was time to call it quits. 
 That would explain why he broke from his M.O. Yesterday, why he split them up, why he sent them into a store with a silent alarm. 
 He was trying to get them killed. 
 And when that proved only partially successful, he came back around to the crime scene and shot Larry Martin in the back of the head. 
 No. No, no, no. That was not me! 
 Banks : Shut up! Then he shot Randall John, too. 
 And  th is premeditated homicide. 
 This conference is officially over. 
 And no more questions to Greg. 
 But we could settle this... 
 Oh, no, no, no. I am not settling. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. Do you want me to quote the supreme court case demanding you bring a deal to your client? 
 You want to walk out that door and right into an ethics inquiry? Be my guest. 
 Fine. 
 What's the offer? 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 All right. I have here a statement of facts in which you admit to participating in these armed robberies, which would also mean you're pleading guilty to two counts of felony murder, for your friends who were shot to death by the police. 
 Now, in return, the state will not pursue charges against you for the premeditated homicide of both Randall John and Larry Martin. 
 [ Paper rustles ] 
 If Greg can convince you that he's not guilty of the first-degree murder, you really should reduce these charges to manslaughter. 
 My client served this country in wartime. 
 Let's hear what he has to say. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 If we can't agree on sentencing, nothing you say can be used against you in court, which means, legally, my client is just presenting you with a hypothetical version of events. 
 It's all right. 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 No one was trying to kill Larry yesterday. 
 That was an accident. 
 We were trying to create a diversion so he could get away. 
 You were aiming at the vehicle. 
 No. 
 We were aimi away from the police. 
 We had no idea Larry was in the back of that car. 
 And when we saw what happened, when Randall realized he'd shot Larry... 
 He looked at me... 
 And before I could stop him, he blew his brains out. 
 Banks : Look, we had a group of boys who were having a problem readjusting to civilian life. 
 Is that a tragedy? 
 Yes. 
 Is it premeditated murder? 
 Hardly. 
 Without intent, it's manslaughter. 
 The was  intent, sir. 
 And you can prove that how? 
 When you fire a Smith & Wesson .40 caliber... 
 Handgun... 
 The kickback lifts your hands up in the air, like this... bang! 
 Bang! 
 Bang! 
 Which means you have to readjust the gun after every shot in order to keep striking the same target. 
 Isn't that right, soldier? 
 [ Clip clicks ] 
 You hit the patrol car every time you fired at it. 
 You  were aiming. 
 And aiming equals intent. 
 That would not be... 
 Conclusive. 
 Maybe not, but I've taken less than this to murder one, which is where this is headed. 
 Or  your client agrees to do two counts of second-degree murder, 30 to life, concurrent... that's a generous offer, and it's on the table for the next five minutes and the next five minutes only. 
 [ Gasps ] 
 No! [ Slams desk ] 
 Let me give you some perspective, Greg, because none of us is happy with this situation, but you are the only one with options here, and they're very easy... 
 To understand. 
 Sign this statement of facts, agree to say these words out loud in front of a judge, and you have chosen life. 
 Refuse, and you have accepted a process that will only end with your execution by lethal injection. 
 I want to be perfectly clear with you, Greg, if you choose death, we have an obligation to see that you get it. 
 Are you ready for that? 
 What's it gonna be, Greg? 
 Deal... 
 Or no deal? 
 Sykes. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Captain Raydor requested my transfer to major crimes. 
 Looks like I'll be sitting here next to you. 
 What was it you said? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 "Oh, that captain Raydor and her crazy ideas." 
 You are the biggest two-faced ass-kisser I have ever met. 
 It's gotten me this far. 
 Thank you, detective Miller. 
 And for your sake, I am glad Greg's deal was no worse than it was. 
 He didn't deserve that deal! 
 Yes. Thank you. 
 Bye. 
 Greg Miller is going to jail for the people  we  killed... 
 And getting off scot-free for the murders he committed himself. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 But I guess that's all right because you saved the city a  lot  of money. 
 I bet you're really happy about that, huh? 
 I put a murderer away for life in less than 48 hours, which is not the usual routine around here. So, yes... 
 I feel excellent. Thank you for asking. 
 So, we've been doing it all wrong, is that it? 
 When suspects agree to a deal, like Greg Miller just did, they surrender all rights to appeal. 
 We've locked them up, we've thrown away the key, we move on. 
 With people like Amy Sykes? 
 Ye gods! 
 As difficult as this may be for you to understand, I need at least one person working here who actually likes me. 
 Sykes doesn't like you. 
 She's just pretending to like you to get the job. 
 Still... 
 Oh. Am I, uh, interrupting something? 
 No, no, no, no. 
 We are finished. 
 Aren't we finished... 
 Lieutenant? 
 Yeah. 
 I guess we'll see. 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 Oh. 
 I don't even know why she wants this stuff. 
 [ Bag closes ] 
 Good job today. 
 You too. 
 Oh. 
 Brenda's been asking if you put any more thought into what to do about rusty. 
 Don't think I'm gonna be all, like, thankful for... You taking me in. 
 Sharon : Oh, trust me. 
 You're not the first adolescent to grace my home with your presence. 
 Having raised two teenagers of my own, I have tremendous capacity for ingratitude. 
 Rusty... It's so funny. 
 Just when you get good at being a mother, you're fired. 
 Or you quit. 
 So, what are we supposed to call each other, anyway? 
 Oh. 
 I think... you should call me... Captain Raydor. 
 Okay. And you can call me Mr. Beck. 
 You  are the child in this relationship. 
 No, I am the witness. 
 If you are the police officer, then I am the witness. 
 There are not a lot of people around here who call me by my first name. 
 Oh, well, maybe that's why you live alone with a spare bedroom. 
 I live alone because my children are grown. 
 Spare bedroom is for when they visit. 
 But you may call me Sharon. 
 How's that? 
 "Sharon"? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 What, is that like your bad idea of a joke or something? 
 Why do you say that? 
 Sharon is my mother's name. 
 Oh. 
 God, you haven't been looking for her at all, have you? 
 Rusty, I just got this job yesterday. 
 Give me a chance to catch up. 
 I am making a good-faith effort. 
 I am. 
 Where's your bathroom? 
 It's right down there. 
 Rusty. 
 If it is possible to find your mother, I will do it. 
 I promise you. 
 Sure you will, captain. 
 Sure you will. 
 [ sighs ] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 