Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x14 - All In - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x14 - All In https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18748 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/11/13 20:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x14 - All In 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Water rushing ] 
 [ Metal taps, scrapes ] 
 Steve, keep up with me, would you? 
 I am. I am. 
 I'm not going to hunt all over this country club again if you get lost. 
 I haven't gotten lost here in weeks. 
 Hey! Hey, Mike. 
 How much money do you think we're gonna make tonight? - A lot. 
 There was a high-school tournament here yesterday, and they're terrible players. 
 [ Clang ] 
 Mike! 
 Stop being so loud. 
 We'll get caught. 
 There's no one around. 
 Just hurry up, Steve. 
 The sooner you get in the water, the sooner we can get out of here. 
 Hey, how come I always have to go in the water? 
 How come you never have to go-- 
 The last time I went in, you pulled me out four times 'cause you thought you heard something, and we ended up leaving, like, six golf balls. 
 Get ready. Go. 
 But what if someone attacks you while I'm diving? 
 Nothing's going to happen to me. 
 Just pick up the golf balls, put them in the net, and tug on the pole when it needs to be emptied. 
 [ Water splashes ] 
 [ Twig snaps ] 
 [ Dog barking in distance ] 
 [ Screams ] 
 Aah! 
 Aah! 
 Hey! Hey, shut up! 
 [ Screaming ] 
 Hey! Hey! Hey! 
 You're gonna get us in trouble! 
 Shut up! Steve! 
 There's someone down there! 
 There's no one down there, okay? 
 [ Gasping ] There's someone down there! 
 There's no one down there. 
 There's someone down there! 
 There's someone down there! 
 There's no-- Hey. 
 There's no one down there. 
 There's a dead guy down there! 
 A dead-- hey. A dead guy? 
 There's a dead man down there! 
 Hey, slow down. What? No. 
 Hey! Hey! Where are you going? 
 There's a dead man down there! 
 Hey. Hey, hey, hey. - Let go of me, Mike! You better let go of me! 
 Hey. 
 Aah! 
 Damn it, Steve! 
 I'm gonna beat the crap out of you! You little coward! 
 I'm never bringing you with me anywhere again! 
 Aah! 
 Steve! 
 Steve, wait for me! 
 Steve! 
 [ Camera shutter clicks ] 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 [ Camera shutter clicks ] 
 Ugh. Skin slippage says your victim's been in the water over 48 hours, held in place by those cinder blocks. 
 Tao : Yeah, but the ropes came loose. 
 Well, he was getting gassy. 
 Yeah. Talk about playing with a handicap. 
 Sanchez : The boys collect golf balls from the lake twice a week, sir, and they sell them back to the pro shop for a dollar apiece. 
 And the kids say that the victim wasn't in the water Thursday night. 
 Buzz... 
 Driver's license on the body says his name is Dennis Dietz. 
 House backs up to the other side of the golf course. 
 Mike, you have any idea how the body ended up in the lake? 
 Golf-cart tracks lead right up to the shoreline. 
 I'm assuming the body was originally wrapped up in this drop cloth. 
 It started to work itself free. 
 Let me check with security here and see when this guy played his last round. 
 Flynn? Flynn? 
 You all right? 
 What? Oh, yeah, yeah. 
 Sure. Well, mostly. 
 Hey, y-you ever see "The Nutcracker"? 
 It's a Christmas ballet. 
 It's got this, you know, little song and whatever about sugar-plum fairies. 
 That's a little off-topic, isn't it? 
 Sykes : Okay, Lieutenant Provenza, running the name Dennis Dietz. 
 No criminal record, but two weeks ago, he filed a fraud complaint with his wife and three of his friends, saying they were cheated out of $2 million by a scam artist. 
 Oh. Well... 
 Here, give this to Tao and tell him to translate it for us in plain English. 
 Sir, guy looks like the back of his head was used as a driving range. 
 Kendall : Yeah, yeah-- extensive cranial damage probably caused by an identifiable instrument. 
 Lieutenant, more golf clubs. 
 Four separate blows to the head, and the striations on this club line up with those on the skull. 
 How long has the victim been dead? 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Uh... an informed guess-- about three days ago. 
 Tao : Well, that tracks. 
 The victim's wife completed a preliminary missing-persons report Friday night when Mr. Dietz didn't make it home for dinner. 
 Did we drop the ball here at all? 
 No. We followed policy. 
 No investigation on adults missing less than 72 hours without obvious suspicious circumstances. 
 Hmm. 
 Looks plenty suspicious now. 
 Yes. It does. 
 Thank you. 
 Mike, would you, uh, inform the Captain about the fraud complaint? 
 Uh, Mr. Dietz, his wife, and some friends pooled about $2 million into their own little mutual fund. 
 Mr. Dietz was in charge of investing that money, and he lost it. 
 And how is that fraud? 
 Tao : First of all, let me explain the difference between asset management and venture capital. 
 No, no, no, no, no! 
 We are  not  doing that. 
 Oh, but to fully grasp-- 
 Mike, this is not a financial seminar. 
 How did our victim lose the $2 million that he and his friends invested? Period. 
 Mr. Dietz sold all his stocks and bonds and bought a 49% interest in a brand-new app that turned out to be vaporware. 
 Vaporware-- why do I know that term? 
 Whenever a fantastic new computer program is announced but never makes it to market, all the money that went into developing it-- 
 Vaporizes, that's right. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So, Mr. Dietz traded his cow for magic beans. 
 Flynn, are you following this? 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Magic beans. 
 But Mr. Dietz was trying to make up for his losses. 
 How? - By cashing out a trust fund left to him by his father and taking $500,000 to gamble at the Blackjack tables in Vegas. 
 Vegas? - When the victim didn't check in to his hotel, his wife also tried filing a missing-persons report with Las Vegas Metro. 
 They told her to try back in a few days, so she drove to Vegas herself and started hunting through casinos for him. 
 Where did the original $2 million from the mutual fund come from? 
 Sanchez : Ma'am... according to the fraud complaint, Dietz's investors were his wife, Aubrey, her brother, Charles Mason, a dermatologist... 
 Has a house three blocks away near the same golf course. 
 ...his college roommate, Rick Marlowe... 
 Also lives in the neighborhood. 
 Also a member of the country club. 
 ...and their contractor, Barry Lawrence, who remodeled all their homes. 
 Broke his leg and his knee two weeks ago. 
 So that would make it very difficult for him to get around a water hazard. 
 Add in Geoff Klein, the scam artist that developed the vaporware and who Mr. Dietz gave all their money to, and Jason Dietz, the victim's son, whose college fund was lost, as well. 
 And we have an olympic-sized suspect pool. 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Flynn : You know what it sounds like to me? 
 It sounds like our victim accidentally screwed his family and friends, got overly desperate to fix things, and ended up murdered for his $500,000. 
 Provenza : Great, Flynn. You've caught up with the rest of us. 
 So, to review, our primary suspects seem to be Sonny, Techie, Limpy, Roomie, Wifey, and Doc. 
 Should we notify the family, see how they react? 
 Yes. But before we do, considering there's $500,000 still unaccounted for, I think it's time we finally followed up on the missing-persons report. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 My idiot brother-in-law goes missing for three whole days while you do nothing, and now, when the police finally start looking for him, it's at his own house. 
 Tao : Dr. Mason, we regret the added stress serving a search warrant causes, but when your brother-in-law disappeared, he had $500,000 on him. - Don't you think we've already looked for that money? 
 We've been over every square inch of this house. 
 And the yard. 
 And the garage. 
 Dad must have taken the cash with him. Damn it. 
 He's probably in Brazil by now. 
 Hey. I've known Dennis since we were 18. 
 He may not be the savviest guy on Earth, but he would never leave us hanging like that. - Oh, my God! 
 Rick, how can you go on defending him? 
 I told you we should have never given him control of the money, and now look what's happened. 
 His father was a stock broker. 
 So I thought-- 
 Oh, his father was a broker? 
 If his father was a dermatologist, would you let the idiot do your Botox injections? 
 Dennis isn't an idiot, Chuck. 
 He's-- he's just trusting. 
 Someone must have robbed him and maybe even hurt him, too. 
 [ Voice breaking ] He could be in-- in a hospital somewhere... 
 Mrs. Dietz, when's the last time you saw your husband? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Friday afternoon, um, a little after lunch when he went to play golf with Chuck. 
 I was trying to talk him into splitting the $500,000 he was about to lose in Vegas with us, try to keep Jason here in college. 
 And you didn't get anywhere? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Not even to the 18th hole. 
 Dennis stalked off and drove away. 
 Flynn : So, uh... when did you first suspect that Dennis was missing? 
 At dinner, when he never came home. 
 Then he quit answering his cellphone. 
 That's never happened before. 
 And the next day, when he still hadn't checked in to the hotel and the Vegas police said they couldn't help me, either, well, I drove up there myself and started looking for him. 
 And,  yes,  I wanted to find the money, too. 
 But now... 
 I just want Dennis to come home. 
 I just want him to come home. 
 Jason : [ Sighs ] 
 What about an update from you guys? 
 Any info where Dennis is or where that $500,000 has gone? 
 Flynn : Um... yeah. 
 Mrs. Dietz, Jason, Dr. Mason, Rick, why don't we just sit down and talk for a minute? 
 Oh, my God. 
 What is going on? 
 Why do we have to sit down? 
 Look, you people need to be looking for dad extra-hard-- today. 
 Yeah. 
 Well... I have some bad news about that, Jason. 
 Take a seat. 
 Take a seat. 
 [ Door beeps ] 
 Sir, no money, no sign of a struggle, and his golf bag's missing a nine iron. 
 Sykes : His cellphone isn't here. 
 They do have a golf cart in the garage, but it's sparkly clean. 
 Of course it is. 
 Country club security sent me a video file of Mr. Dietz leaving their parking lot in his own car late Friday afternoon. 
 Tao : I checked Impound. The victim's Mercedes convertible is completely off the grid, and so is his cellphone. 
 Aubrey : [ Crying ] No! Please, no! 
 [ Sobbing ] 
 Yeah. 
 Well, um... getting ahold of the phone and the car won't hurt. 
 But to find the killer, we need to find the money. 
 And we are not the only ones looking for it. 
 Sharon : Mike? 
 Tao : Checked all the card clubs between here and Nevada, all the Indian gaming casinos in Palm Springs, airport parking lots in both states-- our victim's Mercedes convertible is nowhere. 
 Julio? 
 Dietz's phone hasn't been turned on since Friday. 
 Incoming calls from his wife, his son, Rick Marlowe. 
 No outgoing calls at all, ma'am. 
 Lieutenant? 
 Well, so far, none of our suspects have been stupid enough to deposit $500,000 in a bank. 
 Yet. 
 Alibis-- Friday night? 
 Flynn : Yeah, Roomie says he was at a play. 
 His credit cards support that. 
 Sonny was at USC with some friends, and Wifey was at the house alone until she called Sonny and told him to come on home. 
 We've called Limpy and Techie-- no answers yet. 
 Uh... I hate to sound politically correct about this... 
 Here we go... but can we call Geoff Klein [Sighs] 
 "Scammy" instead of "Techie"? 
 Naming him Techie is derogatory to those of us-- 
 You can call him "Guilty" if you can find him and put a golf club in his hand. 
 Scammy is not at his house, and his office address is a PO box. 
 And I've got a broadcast out on his car. 
 What about Doc? 
 Well, actually, since I met Doc, I think of him more as "Grumpy." 
 He may have been the last person to see our victim alive. 
 But I'm not sure about-- 
 Emma : What the hell is going on here? 
 I can't believe you'd go behind my back like this. 
 Go behind your back? We don't even have a prime suspect yet. 
 I'm not talking about this murder. 
 I am talking about the trial of Phillip Stroh and how you sent my material witness for a psych evaluation without my permission. 
 Do you not realize this is all discoverable, that the defense will now be able to accuse Rusty of mental instability? - What? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm sorry. 
 A-are you telling me that everyone in the world is gonna know that I saw a shrink? 
 It's nothing. 
 The defense brings up bullshit like this all the time. 
 Everyone here has been to a psychiatrist. 
 Hey, I'm seeing one right now. 
 Sort of. 
 Sort of seeing one. 
 Andy, please. 
 Let's continue this conversation in private, Emma. 
 Rusty. 
 Lieutenant Provenza. 
 Hey. Hey. 
 What the hell is up with you? 
 Nothing. 
 A-all right, look. 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 I'm seeing, um, a counselor because I'm trying to make things up with my family. 
 And while I was doing that, I sort of lied to my ex-wife. 
 Why would you lie to your ex? 
 I don't know. 
 Force of habit? All right. 
 After I brought Sharon to Nicole's wedding, everybody started asking about her. 
 So, maybe I let my ex think, like, I was a little closer to Sharon than I really am. 
 And now my whole family wants me to bring Sharon-- 
 Stop calling her that. 
 What? That's her name. 
 What? 
 Emma : So, Lieutenant, you proposed placing my witness on the street in a police operation as bait without my permission. 
 That's what this psych evaluation is all about? 
 Emma feels left out of the loop. 
 When it comes to the trial of Phillip Stroh, I  am  the loop, and if you are endangering the life of my witness-- 
 If you really cared about me, you would have made a deal with Stroh a long time ago. 
 That's a valid point. 
 I have LAPD Officers camped outside my condo and my building 24/7. 
 That's your choice and his. 
 I have gone above and beyond trying to find this boy a safe place to live. 
 Look, you don't want to sweat the psych evaluation. 
 You want to stop worrying that we'll somehow lose the kid in an SIS operation-- uh, even though that's never happened before in the history of this department-- it's easy. 
 End the Stroh case right now by taking death off the table. 
 Again, that is not my decision, Lieutenant. 
 And since a trial is necessary, if something should happen to Rusty-- 
 Let me ask you something. 
 Has anyone here been totally honest with you about how dangerous going on the street could be? 
 Oh. Oh, you're  so  worried about me. 
 The streets are  so  unsafe. 
 Where were you when I lived on the streets, Emma?! 
 You know, d-don't even act like you care about me, okay? 
 You couldn't care less about me, or you wouldn't be trying to stop me from seeing a doctor, which is exactly what you are doing right now. 
 Do you even get how horrible that is? God. 
 [ Door slams ] 
 All I meant to say was [Sighs] performing a psych evaluation of a witness becomes an issue at trial. 
 And we should be making decisions like that together. 
 Legally, I have all the rights and responsibilities of a mother, and I do not need to ask your permission to seek medical attention for my son. 
 Provenza : Uh, Emma, I suggest that you freak out over the psych evaluation after you've read it. 
 Meanwhile, we have a fresh murder to consider, and the victim's college roommate just walked through the door. 
 Hey, Rick. 
 Look. 
 Thanks for spending so much time with us this morning-- very helpful. 
 But, uh, since you left, I found out some stuff, and I was just wondering... 
 Uh, I-I was wondering maybe if we could speak in... confidence. 
 Hold on. Hold on. 
 Lower your voice. 
 He needs to speak in confidence. 
 Right. 
 Lieutenant, we're gonna take Mr. Marlowe for a private conversation in the visitor's conference center. 
 Shh. 
 Keep your voice down, sir. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 First of all, I don't want you guys jumping to any conclusions. 
 Oh, sir, the police hate jumping to conclusion worse than anything. 
 Because everyone involved in this mess has known each other for so long. 
 So, when Dennis missed paying out our Christmas dividend from the fund, we were really surprised and... hurt. 
 How hurt? 
 Everyone loved Dennis, despite what Chuck is saying, so let's just be clear about that. 
 We were all searching for him. 
 I went down to the airport to see if he'd flown out somewhere. 
 Aubrey trooped through all the casinos on the Las Vegas strip showing his photograph to dealers. 
 God knows how many hands they made her play. 
 Can we get security footage from LAX verifying Rick Marlowe's story and video from Vegas confirming that Aubrey Dietz was looking for her husband? 
 LAX-- no problem. 
 I'll see if I can get all the casinos to forward us their Saturday night pit scans. 
 God. Watching other people gamble. How fun. 
 Now, maybe we put too much pressure on him. 
 We wanted the money back, sure, but... especially, um... 
 Barry. 
 That's your contractor? 
 He got caught flipping houses during the credit crunch of '08. 
 So he needed the money back a little bit more than the rest of us. 
 It may be Limpy, after all. 
 Always the guy with the crutches. 
 Well, sir, we can work it out so that you stay totally anonymous. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 After you guys left, I drove over to Barry's house to tell him the bad news about Dennis. 
 I was sort of circling the block, hunting for the right words 'cause Barry was the most insistent about pursuing the fraud complaint against that Geoff Klein asshole. 
 Turns out Geoff Klein didn't do anything illegal. 
 Dennis was just way too damn trusting, you know? 
 So, you were circling the block outside Barry's house... 
 And I found Dennis' Mercedes parked on the street. 
 I look through the windows-- so my fingerprints, they may be on it, by the way. 
 Oh. [ Scoffs ] Sir. 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 So, what was inside the Mercedes? 
 Inside was his cellphone, and then, there was, uh, blood all over the front seat. 
 
 
 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Limpy isn't answering the door, but I found the extra key on the porch where Roomie told us it would be. 
 Hmm. 
 Sanchez : LAPD! 
 [ Dog barks in distance ] 
 LAPD! 
 Tao : Clear! 
 Sykes : Clear! 
 Clear! 
 Clear! 
 Tao : Clear. 
 Clear! 
 Clear! 
 Guys! Guys! 
 [ Gasps ] 
 Don't shoot! Don't shoot! 
 I-I did it! I did it! I'm sorry! 
 I just wanted my money back. 
 Please, don't kill me! 
 I-I admit it! 
 I-I admit everything! 
 No. No. 
 We're pointing guns at you. 
 Don't admit everything just yet. 
 Hey, Buzz! We're gonna read you your rights. 
 Then you can say whatever you want. 
 Sanchez : You have the right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. 
 Buzz! Buzz! 
 What?! What?! 
 Did you not hear us? 
 I'm running. 
 Let's go. Go. Set up. Go, go! 
 Set up! 
 The guy wants to talk. 
 Okay, now you can admit everything. 
 But first, we need you to identify yourself. 
 Um... hi. 
 Uh, m-my name is Barry Lawrence. 
 And... I... 
 I want a lawyer. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Rusty : Is your murder over yet? 
 Sharon : Not really. 
 I have a confession I can't corroborate. 
 We served search warrants to all of our suspects, and none of them has the $500,000 I'm looking for. Why? 
 Okay, um, when my evaluation is over, is everyone really going to read it? I mean, really? 
 And-- and Emma, too? 
 Especially Emma. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 She'll need to figure out a way to keep it from coming up at trial. 
 B-but I thought everything I said to Dr. Joe was, like, private. 
 The specific details that you give him, of course, will remain confidential, but the evaluation will be a one or two-paragraph summary of the Doctor's conclusions. 
 Okay, b-b-but why does there have to be a summary? 
 Well, how else is Chief Taylor gonna sign off on your participation, and how am I supposed to give my informed consent? 
 Wait,  you  get to read the summary, too? 
 Are you kidding me?! 
 I'll show it to you, Rusty. 
 There's nothing to worry about. 
 In fact, the results of the personality test may end up helping you. 
 [ Muffled ] I don't see how. 
 Well, for example, have you figured out what you're going to be when you grow up? 
 A witness, obviously, because this trial is going to last the rest of my life. 
 I can't believe how unfair all of this is, Sharon. 
 Will complaining make it easier? 
 I knew you would say something like that, Sharon. I knew it. 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 Yes. Lieutenant? 
 Uh, so, we think Limpy is ready for a partial confession. 
 To murder? 
 No. 
 To what? Dumping the body? 
 Uh... no. 
 Okay. 
 Is Limpy going to tell us where the money is? 
 I'm afraid not. 
 All right, what is he confessing to? 
 Well, he's hired Madeline Morgan as his lawyer, and she has generously offered to have her client plead guilty to assault, reducible to misdemeanor battery. 
 What world is Madeline Morgan living in? 
 Her client confessed. 
 Eh... but then he didn't. 
 I'll be right there. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Cellphone beeps ] 
 Well, I don't know if Limpy has an alibi, but he has no mobility. 
 Guy can't even drive his own car, much less the victim's. 
 But our victim was small. 
 If he rolled him up in that-- that big drop cloth-- like contractors use. 
 He redid all their homes, though. 
 Any one of them could have dragged the poor guy around in the golf cart, even limpy. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, ah, ah, ah, ah. 
 Look, um... 
 Nicole's two little stepsons are gonna be in "The Nutcracker" tomorrow night. 
 You know, the Christmas ballet I was talking about? 
 The music's famous, and some of the dancers are professionals. 
 I'm not going. 
 What? Oh, God. God, no! 
 I'm not-- 
 I'm not asking  you. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Look, I was wondering because Nicole's kind of expecting me to bring her. 
 If I ask the Captain to come with me tomorrow, do you think she would take it the wrong way? 
 Probably not. 
 But if you have an extra ticket, who you should really bring along is your psychiatrist so he could ask you, "What the hell are you thinking?" 
 Now, is that our suspect's financials? 
 May I see them, please? 
 Sharon : It's clear you were having a bit of a cash-flow problem, Mr. Lawrence, and you've already told us what happened. 
 His bank account isn't the issue here, and don't even bother bringing up excited utterances and spontaneous statements. 
 He was surrounded by LAPD detectives pointing guns at him. 
 Oh, because he was caught hiding under his bed, ma'am. 
 You people broke into his home. 
 How was he to know you were really police? 
 Because you were running around shouting "LAPD" with your weapons drawn? 
 I have a frightened man on crutches, alone, struggling to survive. 
 I can feel the jury turning on you from where we sit. 
 How? Your client said he beat up the victim because he wanted his money. 
 He said, "I did it." 
 Geoff Klein doesn't want any trouble. Why should you care? 
 Geoff Klein? Is that the vaporware guy? 
 I only hit him with one crutch. 
 Be quiet until I tell you otherwise. - Tao, is he talking about Techie? Scammy, please. Maybe that's why they can't find Geoff anywhere. The guy's dead. So, you don't know where Geoff's body is. Is that it? "Geoff's body"? What does that mean? And where is Rios going with my deal? That was for another murder, Madeline. What  other  murder? Dennis Dietz was clubbed to death inside his Mercedes, and we found that vehicle parked down the street from your client's house yesterday. Dennis is dead? Oh, my God. Okay. Let's just slow down a second here. Where is the rest of our money? Where is the money?! - Barry! Shut up. Sharon, I don't like having crap sprung on me when I've come here to deal in good faith, especially considering Klein is as alive as I am and doesn't want to press charges. This other murder-- out of the blue. I understand. Let me ask Barry two questions. If I can verify his response, then I will let your client go. What are your questions? Mr. Lawrence, where were you Friday night between the hours of 7:00 PM and midnight? And if Geoff Klein is still alive, where is he? My client's answers should be considered hypothetical until you keep your word. So don't think you can use anything that he says here against him. Fine. Let's hear it. Friday night... Mm-hmm. I left my house around 6:30, and then I met with Geoff Klein around 8:00 PM at his office. He doesn't have an office. Listed under his name. But I had Klein's real e-mail address. So I wrote him, pretended like I wanted to invest in something. And, lo and behold, the little fraud told me where I could find him right away. How did you get there, to Klein's office? Bus-- route 32. Took me forever to get there because the first bus wouldn't even pick me up. Passed right by me. I mean, isn't that breaking the law? I'm already looking at tape from over 30 casinos, and you want me to deal with LA Metro, too? Do you know how many buses travel along that route? I don't care. Just e-mail the security people, get all the video for Friday night's route 32 buses and get it over here right now and confirm Limpy's story. Yes, sir. - Meanwhile, I'm looking around his office at all these fancy computers and whatever else he's got in there and... you know, I just demanded that he sell everything and just give us back at least some of the money. Then he tells me if we would just leave him alone, he would make us all rich. And then he tried to push me out the door. I had every right to defend myself. Not on Mr. Klein's property. And you entered under false pretenses. Even though he pushed me? Okay, just tell us how you fought back. [ Scoffs ] I... I don't know. I just... slapped him sideways in the head with my crutch, and then after he fell, I... punched after him with my other crutch... a couple of times. But, you know, then I lost my balance, and I wound up on my back like a turtle. And then Klein drags me out into the hallway outside of his office a-and throws my crutches after me. And then what did you do? I made my way back to the bus stop, started chasing down more route 32 drivers for an hour because, believe it or not, those drivers won't stop and help handicapped people. Buzz : So, that's Limpy hitting the bus, trying to make it stop for him. And then another driver finally pulls over and picks him up. And he stays on the bus for 40 minutes until he exits at the stop by his house at 10:20 PM. Too late for Limpy to have killed Dietz and dumped the body. Sharon : Which means Scammy's out, too, since he was fighting with Limpy during the murder. Thank you, Buzz. Captain. Mm-hmm. [ Door closes ] What's wrong with Andy? Is he depressed? No. He's  depressing. Believe me, there is no crisis. [ Door opens ] So, let me guess. Scammy does not have $500,000 in cash lying around his place. He does not. But I think you can go back to calling him Techie. Why? You know that worthless app our victim invested all his money into? Vaporware, the magic beans. Geoff Klein sold it yesterday to Morgan-Stanley for $20 million in cash and another $20 million in stock. So, because of Mr. Klein, here, AKA Scammy, AKA Techie, Dennis Dietz died rich. And each member of his little investment club is gonna make millions. So, if Scammy didn't need the money and Sonny, Limpy, Roomie, Wifey, and Grumpy Doc were all looking for it-- I know. I know it, Lieutenant. Who has our missing $500,000? It's like told Dennis and all of them, really. I'm a genius. I don't know why they had such a hard time grasping that. All I needed from them was a little patience. Now Friend Funder will be the biggest new investment app on Wall Street. "Friend Funder"? Tao : Mr. Klein's app, Friend Funder. It allows everybody to do exactly what the victim and his friends did-- form their own mutual fund. And you can name it and track your successes against the big players like Vanguard and Berkshire Hathaway. Why didn't Dennis Dietz and the other investors not know that you were on the brink of such a brilliant success? Because when the app didn't sell on their schedule, they fixated on my previous projects. Such as? Well [Scoffs] there are so many. But, like, the "Where's My Pet" app, for example. It turned out the GPS link to "Where's My Pet" wasn't as precise as it could have been. Like, sometimes, it showed your dog at your neighbor's house or loose on the street. People would freak out and run home from work. Someone got in a wreck, you know, looking for their chihuahua or something. I don't know. Look, I'm running out of time, and I got to get this "Nutcracker" thing settled by tomorrow night. And I-- If you don't want to admit that you've let your family think the wrong thing about the Captain, just tell them work came up. No, no, no! Then I won't see them. And I want-- I want to spend time with my daughter, and my son is gonna be there, too. And maybe, just maybe, they'll invite me to spend Christmas with them this year instead of just having me drive by after dinner. And, hey, you know-- and "The Nutcracker" is famous, you know? The Captain might like it. [ Sighs ] Flynn... the Captain's daughter is a dancer in the American Ballet Theatre. She has probably seen "The Nutcracker" 1,000 times. All right, look. I'll go with you. And I'll pretend that... Sharon is too busy to come. How about that? Yeah. Right. T-that's probably better, anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. [ Inhales deeply ] And then I sort of misjudged the market when I created this, uh, app that had all these farm-animal ringtones. It sounds great, right? It's authentic stuff, very authentic. Look, my failures were just preparation for the huge success of Friend Funder. Did you tell any of your surviving partners about this huge success? I... tried to explain it to that neanderthal, Barry. [ Chuckling ] Man, those crutches hurt. I said, "Listen, man. I'm about to make you rich." He just got all mad at me. You want my deeper insights here? I think I do, yes. Dennis and his friends didn't understand that investing is like gambling. You're literally-- and, by the way, that's the proper use of the word "Literally." Look it up. Anytime you invest, you are literally exchanging your cash for a marker, and you hold on to that marker while the destiny of your investment is decided. See, people like to believe they're entitled to some return on partnership agreements and stock purchases. They're not. You're entitled to risk your money on a game of chance. Pay up and spin the wheel. Luck, timing, risk-- Oh, my God. Thank you, Geoff. You've been extremely helpful. Why is it people always seem so shocked when they say that? Rick : I don't understand. Why do you have to read us our rights to show us a film of our family room? And there's nothing, really, on it. Except for that last shot of Rick. Is he in some kind of trouble? Not as far as I know. Okay, here's another clue. Buzz. Hmm. That's your sister going around to different casinos, asking a lot of dealers if they recognize your brother-in-law. Why is that important? Because, Aubrey, at every single table where you played and talked to the dealer about your husband, you bought chips. I had to. Playing was the only way the dealers would talk to me. But why didn't you ever cash any of your chips back in? What? Something else interesting, Aubrey. You've got all these poker chips out here on the table. And yet, we know from the video that the boxes that they came in are full, like this one. No! No! Mason : Aubrey! What's wrong?! What the hell is going on here?! I'm sorry, Doctor. I just had to confirm that your sister was working alone and that you and Jason weren't accomplices. Buzz, I think you should film this. Here is a $500 chip from Caesars Palace, and this is a $500 chip from Luxor. These chips are all from the casinos. This bunch is from the Mandalay Bay. [ Chips clattering ] And this one... is from the Mirage. Let's just say that all these chips you have here total around $500,000. Which is what your husband had on him when he was murdered. Mom reported dad missing. - Yeah, because she knew it would be 72 hours before we would even start to look for him, which would give her plenty of time to drive to Vegas and hide the cash while pretending to hunt for her husband. I had to do something to keep Dennis from putting us on the street! You don't know what we went through. We know better than you think, ma'am. Tao : Your chip exchange was pretty smart, but your husband's investment was even smarter. The app that your husband financed just sold... for $20 million. What? - And since your little mutual fund owned 49% of it... [ Gasping ] Oh, my-- oh, my God. You mean... we're rich again? You were  always  rich. Don't you get it? You had a father who cared so much for his family that he did every crazy thing he could do by trying to make up for all of his failings. Having a dad like that means you were rich from the day you were born. And you, Mrs. Dietz... you were rich, too. But you didn't want to be, did you? You wanted to have lots of money. Well, now you got it! And how is that working out, huh?! Provenza : Flynn, that's enough. Sharon : Detectives Sykes and Sanchez, you want to finish up here? Sykes : Mrs. Dietz, you're under arrest for the willful murder of your husband, Dennis, with the special circumstance of financial gain. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you by the state. [ Coins clinking ] Rios. How did we do? Once I showed her lawyer the hotel reservations Mrs. Dietz made to go back to Vegas two weeks from now... When she intended to change her chips back into cash, I'm sure. ...and that she drove there Saturday... Tao : 'Cause she couldn't fly with that much money in her carry-on. ...they agreed to murder two, 17 to life, because of... extenuating circumstances. You mean marriage? Well, the victim did kind of lose control of himself a little. Oh, I disagree. He went out and tried as hard as he could to give his family what they expected from him. He made a promise to the people he cared most about, and he did everything he could to keep it. Maybe his methods were a little crazy, but his intent was absolutely right. Absolutely. [ Coins clink ] Sharon : Come in. Oh, God. I'm sorry to interrupt. I need a favor. Oh? What kind of favor? Well, it's costing a fortune to send my daughter's new stepkids to ballet class, and she has no idea if these two little boys are getting anything out of it. And tomorrow night, they're both in a little bit of "The Nutcracker." Oh, how exciting for them. Yeah, but... [Clears throat] Nicole was looking for an objective person who knows a little something about dance to tell her if she's wasting her money on all these leotards. And I just realized that could be you. I'm hardly an expert. Better than Provenza. [ Chuckling ] Oh. I see. Andy, I'll go with you regardless. But would you like to tell me what's really going on here? Uh... no, not really. So, I'll pick you up around 6:00. I'll take you to dinner first for all the trouble. It's no trouble. I'll see you then. Excuse me. Do you have a minute? Because I want to apologize. I'm... very sorry about trying to stop you from seeing a doctor, but my concern for your safety is real. I don't believe the state should expose minors to the kind of danger you're facing. Anything else? Just doing my job. Sorry. Your job sucks. [ Chuckles ] But that's an apology I can accept. Good night, Emma. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 