Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x15 - Curve Ball - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x15 - Curve Ball https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18749 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/18/13 14:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x15 - Curve Ball 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ LA, LA-LA, LA LA, LA LA LA ♪ 
♪ LA-LA, LA-LA, LA-LA, LA-LA ♪ 
 [ Seagull cries ] 
 Major Crimes 02x15 
 Curve Ball 
Originally Aired December 16, 2013 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Nothing says Christmas in L.A. like a string bikini. 
 Flynn : Why did I let you talk me into Christmas shopping on Venice Beach? 
 There's nothing for my daughter's two new stepkids here... nothing. 
 Except the best kite shop in Los Angeles. 
 Roxie's High Life. 
 Huh? 
 Are you kidding me? 
 You said it was a kite shop. 
 That also sells bongs. 
 Come on. 
 Hey, Flynn, come on. 
 When have I ever steered you wrong? 
 What are those boys doing? 
 They're breaking into that RV. Call 911. 
 Flynn, we're off-duty. 
 Hey! Hey! 
 Hey! Get out of there! 
 No! 
 Hey! Hey! Hey! Slow down there. 
 Slow down. Slow down. 
 I got two kids, just broke into that RV. 
 You got it covered? 
 Yeah, we're on it. Let's go. 
 Hey! 
 Oh, Flynn, what are you doing? 
 Let's go. 
 The bike cops are on the case. 
 I'm just making sure no one is hurt, you know, like a good police officer? 
 A body on the floor. 
 Stop, L.A.P.D. 
 Dude, what's your problem? 
 Dude, I need your board. 
 Come on. Come on. Give it up. 
 Flynn... 
 [ Groans ] 
 Call it in. 
 Oh, God. 
 What are we looking at? 
 Tao : Looks like a murder and a robbery. 
 The vehicle's registered to a Vince Massey. 
 According to his office and his business cards, he's a baseball scout with the St. Louis cardinals. 
 No wallet, no phone. 
 There's wi-fi in here, but no tech devices. 
 So if it's a robbery, did they find anything on those two kids who were trying to break in? No. Not yet. 
 Sir, I just put the alert on the victim's credit-card accounts. 
 They'll notify us if there's any activity. 
 Good. Kendall? 
 Full rigor, so I'd say he's been dead a good 12 hours. 
 12 hours? 
 Those kids didn't kill this guy and then just hang around here all night. 
 So, if those boys didn't do it, does that mean this is an open investigation? 
 I'm only asking because my sister and I are supposed to go Christmas shopping today. 
 And my family just arrived two hours ago because... 
 Look, I know that we were scheduled to take this week off for the holidays. 
 Now, don't blame me because we have a victim. 
 Blame Flynn. 
 All right, what else, Kendall? 
 Kendall : He took a bad hit to the midsection, and there's some blunt-force trauma to the head. 
 But the cord around his neck strangled him to death. 
 Sir, no forced entry before Lieutenant Flynn. 
 Our victim may have known his attacker. 
 He probably even offered him a beer. 
 [  Tab pops  ] 
 That's when the killer hit Massey in the head. 
 With the toaster, most likely. 
 See that nice dent in the side there? 
 [  Clang, thud  ] 
 They fought, broke the table. 
 [  Crack ] 
 Then the killer wrapped the cord around Massey's neck, pulled tight, then has Massey climbing the wall, struggling for air. 
 That's when he kicked the window out. 
 So the killer had to be strong enough to lift him off... 
 Wait a sec. 
 I just thought of something. 
 Hey, this is the crime scene for sure, but the murder happened somewhere else. What? 
 Massey kicked out this window during the struggle. 
 There's no glass on the ground. 
 Whoever killed and robbed him drove the RV here. 
 All right, let me call my family and tell them they're gonna have to take care of themselves for a bit. 
 Hey, lieutenant, someone just swiped one of the victim's credit cards at the Target in Westwood. 
 Store security is holding him for us. 
 At least someone's getting their holiday shopping done. 
 Patrol pulled this bag from the suspect's car when they arrested him, and it has a video camera, two watches, phone, a wallet belonging to Vince Massey, oh, and a small wrapped gift... 
 Contents unknown. 
 Ho ho ho. 
 Suspect's ready, ma'am. 
 You see? Easy. 
 We talk to this guy and wrap this thing up nice and quick. 
 And no one has to cancel their Christmas plans. 
 We arrest a wacko homeless guy, and happy holidays. 
 Where's Massey's laptop? 
 What laptop? 
 Andy, your crime report says that there was Wi-Fi in the RV, and Massey had a laptop charger. 
 Well, maybe the killer already pawned it. 
 We'll ask him. 
 This video camera's empty. 
 Is there a memory card in there? 
 Nothing. 
 Alex : That bag and everything in it... 
 Everything was in a dumpster. 
 Oh, yeah? Lucky you. 
 And where was that dumpster? 
 In Brentwood. 
 Can you be more specific? 
 Uh, behind La Villa. 
 It's a restaurant. 
 Is my wife gonna find out about this? 
 Because I don't want her to think that I, uh... 
 Find out about what, Mr. Bennett? 
 I was in the dumpster looking for food. 
 I used to manage La Villa. 
 We threw away decent stuff all the time, bagged to keep the rats away. 
 See... 
 I got fired a few months ago, and I haven't been able to find a job since, okay? 
 Hey, Sanchez, what did this guy buy at Target? 
 An electric train set, sir. 
 And we've got two little boys. 
 I only used that credit card to buy them one thing so they'd have something to open from Santa. Buzz : Oh, my God, I didn't think it was possible, but Christmas just got more depressing. I think the killer ditched this stuff in the dumpster to make it look like a robbery, and this guy's just having another bad day. [  Cellphone chimes  ] Was that alert on Massey's phone? Excuse us, Mr. Bennett, please. Tao : Victim got a text. Someone named "Hunt." It says, "Waiting at terminal 8. Where are you?" I'm going through his contacts, see if I can find a picture we can use to I.D. him. Bingo. This is Hunt. Great. Julio and Amy, will you pick him up at LAX? Text him along the way and make sure he knows someone's coming. Yes, ma'am. Mike, the dumpster diver was trying to buy a train set for his kids with the victim's stolen credit card that he found. Charge another one to my card, if you would, and make sure he gets it before we send him on his way. Sharon : Uh, Dr. Joe, uh, Rusty should be back any minute. In the meantime, why don't you take a seat in my office? And how much better would you say things are going with Rusty? Oh... very. Anything I should know? Oh. Well, I think, after tomorrow, I can write my evaluation. No, no. I mean... Oh, no, that's... That's good. But... Has Rusty said anything about which you think that I should be informed? Oh. I see. I see. Are you asking me to set aside privilege as the officer in charge of the boy's security, or as his legal guardian? As the officer in charge. Oh. Well, that's fairly easy. Just put your case for breaking my confidentiality agreement with Rusty before a judge. And as soon as he gives me the okay, I'll tell you anything you want. How about as the legal guardian? Even easier. Oh. Just ask Rusty to write me a note stating that he's okay if I share our conversations with you. Dr. Joe, I was hoping, uh, for a more, uh, informal arrangement which would allow me some sort of window into what Rusty is thinking right now. Well, that option's on the table, too, but it's a little old-fashioned. Old-fashioned's good with me. All right, then, um, what if you just ask Rusty yourself, "Hey, how's it going with Dr. Joe?" Or words to that effect and see how he answers? Excuse me, I should go... I don't want Rusty getting the wrong idea about what we're saying in here. Mm-hmm. [ Door closes ] What was that about? Oh, nothing. Your mother was just asking me about... What?! Sharon is not my mother. Oh. Sorry. I-I didn't mean to upset you. I was only... Wait a minute. Calling her my mother... That's some sort of shrink trick, isn't it? Is it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're trying to, uh... What is it? Minimize. You know how important my mother is to me, and now you're trying to minimize her to make me mad. Well... No. But you're close. I thought today we were supposed to be talking about these threats against my life. So why are you trying to upset me over my mom again? Sanchez : He's the victim's son... Hunt Massey. He says he was meeting his father here for the holidays, ma'am. What did you tell him? That we were looking for his father, and maybe he could help us. Seem like a big coincidence to anyone else? Son just happens to arrive in L.A. The morning after his father's murdered? Where did he fly in from? San Jose. That's five hours by car... he could have driven in yesterday, killed his dad, and still made it back in time to catch his flight. Provenza : See, we arrest the guy, then we can all get back to our Christmas vacations. Let's get his story first, and let's pull up his financial records and see if he used his credit card in L.A. last night. Sykes :  Hi, Mr. Massey. We appreciate your patience. We're gonna ask you some questions now. What do you do in San Jose, Mr. Massey? Hunt :  Physical therapy. I specialize in sports injuries. Oh. Apple doesn't fall far. It falls far enough. Any luck in finding my dad? Sir, we're hoping you might provide information that can help us. I mean, if there's anything, sir... I-I don't even know him that well, really. He's been on the road for years, and he wasn't so reliable when he was home, either. In fact, the first thing I thought today when he wasn't there to pick me up... [ Chuckles ] was, "Typical." What's the reason for your visit? I just went through a divorce myself. My ex has our son till January. Guess you could say, now I know how the shoe feels on the other foot. Thought I'd spend the holidays with my dad since we're both a little on our own now. It's one horrible Christmas story after another. Captain, we found an ATM withdrawal made to Hunt Massey's checking account last night at 8:17 P.M. in San Jose. Well, assuming he's the one who made the withdrawal, that's a pretty tight alibi. We're getting security footage to confirm. Okay, Buzz, check your e-mail. I gave the bank your address. Okay. In your recent conversations with him, did he mention any new friends or acquaintances he'd made? Here it is. No. He pretty much just keeps to himself. Looks like the same guy. So he's not our killer. Buzz? Right. [ Beep ] Buzz: Detective Sykes, happy holidays. You can make the notification now. Sorry. [ Sighs ] Mr. Massey, first, I want to apologize. We needed to confirm your whereabouts last night before we could tell you what happened. My whereabouts? What does that have to do with finding my dad? We have some bad news, sir. Your father... was found murdered inside his RV. What? Oh, my God. Sir, we needed to rule you out so that we And... and you thought I killed him? This is unbelievable! I rode in the back of that car with you for half an hour. You didn't say a damn word about my dad being dead! I understand this is difficult. I'm sorry. I got to go. I got to talk to my mom and my sister. Sir, we recovered several items that were stolen from your dad's RV, and we have some questions... please. And I know this is hard, but if we are gonna find the person who hurt your father, we still need your help. Will you help us? Sharon : Your father's computer is missing. We figured whoever it was that attacked him kept it. Could there be anything on there that the killer didn't want us to find? Honestly, I-I don't know. I also noticed there's no memory card in the video camera. Any chance he could have sent them back to St. Louis? No, no. He uploaded them. Always. I know this because I helped him set up his Cloudsaver Account online. [ Chuckles ] That was a 40-minute phone call. [ Chuckles ] Anyway, uh, he takes the video of the kids he's scouting, and he uploads it to Cloudsaver so his bosses in Missouri stay synched up with him. Are you able to access that account? As long as he didn't change his screen name or password. Try Vin underscore Massey. Password... it's my middle name, Garrett. Two t's. Ah! Okay, we're in. Buzz, can you do a thing? What do you want to see? Yeah, go to the last thing he had open on the site. This is from yesterday at 8:15 A.M. Woman :  It's time! Vince : All right, guys, come on out. Merry Christmas. - Look at the red one. Yeah, look what Santa brought. That's my sister and me. [  Wrapper rustling  ] Hunt :  Mom! You're welcome. Hunt, look in the tree. Could you turn that off, please? [  Indistinct conversation  ] Buzz, why don't you look at the files from the date created and go from the last one of those? Yeah, that's... That's a good idea. [  Indistinct shouting  ] Yeah, that's the game he was scouting. Yeah, that... that's what you want. Oh, wait. There's a marker on the film. He highlighted... this. [  Indistinct conversation  ] Man :  Strike! Out! Man 2 :  Come on, now! Get your head in the game! Let's go! Let's go! All right, switch it up now. Go. Go, baby. Vince :  Whoa. The kid's pitching with both arms. Man :  Strike! Fowler :  My son's over there. What are you doing? Vince :  I'm actually taping all the players, so why don't you go back to the stands? That's my dad's voice. Bullshit, you said this was gonna be about my son, and I see you watching that other kid. You're blowing off my son for a switch pitcher? Hey, you need to stay away from me. I'm not kidding. Where you going? I'm talking to you. What are you doing? This is the way you treat people? I told you, stay away from me. Sir, if you touch me again, I'm calling the cops. Understand? Here's what I understand, asshole. We delayed our vacation an extra week to play in this special exhibition game. Buzz, please stop. Now go back. Okay. Where? I saw it, too. After the camera goes upside down, when he walked away. Um... Uh, there. Can you flip the image? Sure. Andy, is that the victim's RV? It is. This is where the argument happened. And the crime scene was up here. Hey, guys, over here. We got glass and lots of it. Flynn : From the broken RV window. So this is where Massey was killed. But why drive the RV to the beach? Maybe the angry dad from the ballgame can tell us. You know, you don't have to go to all this trouble for me, Sharon. Don't you like Christmas? Well, until you, I never really thought about it much. Oh. You do seem a little down. Is everything okay with Dr. Joe? Of course, you don't have to tell me anything if you don't want to. I've been talking about my mom a lot. I don't know. I just... I feel guilty she's out there somewhere, and I'm... Here in this nice place with a tree and... Ornaments. Don't get me wrong, Sharon, because you're... you're really important to me. I just... I-I also love my mom. I understand. I have two kids. I love them both equally, and if it turns out that I have part of a third... I'll love him, too. I'm really sorry that your mom isn't able to share in any of this with you. Yeah. Well, I don't know how much she'd really appreciate it. Hmm. God, you got a lot of angel ornaments. Oh, you can never have too many angels. Sharon : Okay, where are we? Bring me up to speed, lieutenants. Flynn : Angry dad's name is Craig Fowler, known to have a temper, the kind of aggressive asshole who yells at his kid and argues with all the umps. Sounds like a prize parent. Yeah, we had him brought in. Got here about 10 minutes ago. Told him a complaint had been filed against him after the game. Fowler : Sometimes I take it a little too far. Other parents, they don't like it when I yell at the games. But I'm competitive. What can I say? It's really not worth all this attention. Ah, humor us. Holidays are slow this year. Mr. Fowler, you know who Vince Massey is, correct? Yeah, of course. He's, uh, the baseball scout. Tell us about the argument you had with him. What argument? Mr. Fowler, we have video of you physically assaulting Mr. Massey. Oh, come on. I pushed him once. Is he the one who made this complaint? Well, he's the reason you're here. What happened? Massey called me last week. Said he wanted to come to this game... The one two days ago... to watch my son Jason play. I said, "Great." Only problem was Jason's out of school, So you canceled your trip? - Of course. You can have a seat right here. You don't turn your back on an opportunity like that. Why is it so important Massey see your son now? Jason graduated from high school early. He's off to college in January. Once he's there, pro scouts aren't allowed to talk to him. If a scout like Massey thinks Jason is good enough, which he is,  they'll sign him to a holding deal so he could  have a place on the team after he gets his degree. What happened at the game? So, Massey was there, right? And Jason, he's doing great. He's got four hits, two runs. But almost from the start, I could tell Massey's got his eye on this other kid, Reed. He's a switch pitcher  on the team. And, all right, I admit, it's not something you see every day. But this kid Reed isn't  anything special. Sanchez : Reed Downy. That must be him. Any idea why your father may have been so interested in the boy this guy is talking about? Well, now that I think about it, that pitcher didn't seem any great shakes to me, either. Mm-hmm. Can I look at cloudsaver again? You want me to go back to the marker where Massey started focusing on the pitcher specifically? Yeah. I was looking out for my son. No big deal. Provenza : Mr. Fowler, Vince Massey was found murdered yesterday morning. What? So, actually, it's a very big deal. You're serious? And you think that I... That's why I'm here? [ Laughs ] Come on. We had a little altercation at a baseball game...  That's it. 
 
 [ Computer beeps ] Dead, huh? Wow. There you go. There. Is that Reed in the number 9 Jersey? Team website says it's Reed Downy's first year with the Rockets. The rest of his information is blank. Maybe he throws better with his left. Did my dad have any notes? No, it's kind of weird... Your dad has pages of stats on three of the other players on the Rockets but nothing on Reed Downy. So if he wasn't impressed with his game, why was he filming him? There's some serious age restrictions in a league like this. Maybe my dad thought Reed was too old. And there's something about this kid, though. Something... Well, the team posts birth certificates on the website. I'm checking out Reed's reference number right now. Flynn : You really think your dad could have been murdered because he found out that this Reed boy was over-age? I don't know why people kill each other. Your father also had screen grabs of Reed, too, tucked them in an untitled folder on cloudsaver. Sharon : Can you think of any reason he would have kept those? I can, ma'am. Reed's birth certificate. The reference number is a fake. Well, that's confusing. Let's see if Reed, or whoever he is, can explain it. Sure, I'll explain it. What do you want to know? Can you tell me about the game you played the day before yesterday? Did you win? Mm-hmm. Did you do go out anywhere to celebrate afterwards? We went and got pizza. It's what we always do. Why do you care? How old are you, Reed? Why? [ Knock on door ] Your dad's on his way. [ Door closes ] Should be here within the hour. You hungry? You're welcome. Here we go! [ Computer beeps ] Whoa! Reed Downy's print belongs to a kid who went missing in Joplin, Missouri, nine years ago. Oh, my God. I-I knew there was something about him. I'm from Joplin. I remember this kid. Rory... Yeah. Rory Brooks. Right. Right. Rory br... H-he went missing with his father, I think. Says here it was a custody abduction. So he was kidnapped by his dad? Is that it? I'll call Joplin and get their case files. Hunt : We all went to the same church. I remember my dad helped organize a fundraiser for Rory when he disappeared. I can't believe this is him. Sykes : Article in the local paper says Rory and his father, mark, went missing on June 12, 2004. Oh, and four days later, their car was found abandoned at the Mexican border. Any pictures of them in that article? Already printing them up. Mr. Massey, I think your father recognized this boy, and that's why he was filming him so closely. Detective Sanchez, when is Reed's father arriving? Flynn : Should be any minute now. Could be that we get a few days vacation after all. [ Sighs ] Never gonna solve this. I should have bought those kites when I had the chance. [ Elevator bell dings ] Can I help you, sir? Yeah, I'm here to pick up my son, Reed Downy? Uh... Mr. Downy, this way. You're right. We're never gonna solve this. [ Sighs ] Dr. Joe : All right, while you're thinking about your next move, why don't we finish up with my questions about your mother? Seriously? Okay. Um, tell me this. What does my mom have to do with how qualified I am to be in a police operation? Because I want to talk about the threats against my life. Okay, but you don't seem to be taking those threats seriously. And this relates to my mom how? Oh, I thought you didn't want to talk about your mom anymore, and now  you're  bringing her up. Okay, that... see. That is bullshit, Dr. Joe. You are the one who keeps bringing up my mother, not me. What is the point of going through all of that again? Why do you keep pushing her on me? Why? All right, you're mad. Yeah. That's good. Stay mad at me and tell me what the last few years of living with your mom were like. Well, they were pretty terrible, Dr. Joe. What else do you need to hear? But terrible with your mom... how? Uh, terrible because I never knew who she was going to be when she walked through the door. Terrible because she'd be sober for a few days, but then she'd be so high that she'd mistake me for somebody she had broken up with and kick me out of wherever we were staying. Terrible because, half the time, the guys that she was with were... [ Breathing shakily ] They were dangerous, okay? And suddenly we'd be running from one town to the next, and I never knew what was gonna be coming at me or from where. And... and... and I don't want to talk about my mom anymore! I want to talk about these threats against my life! Oh, excuse me. I thought you were. Because that sounds like a really, really scary way to grow up, don't you think? [ Knock on wall ] Sorry to interrupt the two of you, but there's an issue with this case and, Dr. Joe, I'd like your input. You mind if we take a minute? [ Breathes deeply ] Tao : Joplin says their entire case is based on the assumption that the father abducted his son. Yes, but this man here is not his father. Sharon : If he was kidnapped as a child, could he truly think of himself as this man's son? Dr. Joe : Given what you've told me, given what I've read, living with the same determined adult from the age of 6, the short answer's yes, especially if the man was a decent father. But the boy should still have memories somewhere. Would it be harmful to push him for them? When a child loses his parents, he's gonna have trouble, no matter what. Do you have a picture of this kid as a child? Mm-hmm. Show that to him. Call him by his real name and ask about his mother. You'd be surprised how effective that can be. Do you recognize this boy? His name is Rory Brooks. Do you remember that name? Do you remember your mother calling  you  that name? I don't have a mother. Sure, you do. She's right here. My mother threw me out, okay? She didn't want me. My dad took care of me. He's not your dad, Rory. This is your dad. No. Not anymore. And don't... don't call me Rory. It's not my name. My dad saved me. What makes you think that your mother didn't want you? Since the day you disappeared, she never stopped looking for you. She's looking for you right now. You're lying. She disappeared on me! She abandoned me! No, she didn't. This is a website called findrorybrooks.com. Your mother created this on June 15, 2004, three days after you went missing. She still pays to keep the hotline alive. She continues to post letters to you at least once a month. This... this isn't real. She only has this up to protect herself. She thinks I'm dead. [ Sighs  ]  She does. The suspect really did a number on this kid. She thinks I'm dead. She thinks... It isn't real. [ Voice breaking ] I don't believe it. I spoke to your mom this morning. She caught a flight from Joplin. She'll be here this afternoon. I don't believe it. Where's my father? Where's my birth dad?! My biological father! If all of this is true... Where is he? He disappeared from Joplin the same night you did. I didn't disappear. So you do remember that night? Do you remember what happened? Where was your dad? Where was your mom? [ Telephone ringing ] [ Receiver clicks ] [  Squeak!  ]  Don't go up there. It's dark. [  Whoosh!  ] Hey, bud, turn that off. Get some shoes on. We're gonna go for a ride. Okay. [ Thunder rumbles ] Rory: It felt like we drove around for a while. I got tired and laid down in the back. I must have fallen asleep 'cause the next thing I know, I, uh... heard a noise... A loud clap. [ Clap ] [ Thud ] Dad? That's what woke me up. Dad? [ Man grunting ] [ Metal creaking ] [ Trunk closes ] [ Car door closes ] Dad, what's going on? Luke, what are you doing here? Sharon : Luke Dalton... that's your name, right? This is a missing-persons report from Tulsa, Oklahoma, filed by a Mabel Dalton on August 14, 2004. I'm assuming that's your mother? Captain, why don't we focus the discussion on matters that occurred within the state of California? Of course, right after I establish who your client actually is. Provenza :  Rory's mother, Cassy, will be arriving at LAX within the hour. I understand that she knew your client I haven't gone by Luke in a long time. Yeah, I'm guessing you changed it right after you murdered Mark Brooks and kidnapped his son. Whoa, lieutenant, these accusations are out of your jurisdictional authority and... And directly related to the murder of Vince Massey. We know what you've done, Mr. Dalton. We just need you to say it. And if you do, then the D.A. has agreed to take death off the table. What? First, we don't admit to the murder at all. And this is not a death-penalty case. There's no evidence the killer was lying in wait. No evidence at all that suggests... Life is the deal that we are offering, Mr. Jennings, and that is only provided your client tells us how he killed Vince Massey. If you really care about Rory, now would be the time to show it. Provenza : He is about to be reunited with his mother, and I assure you they will not hang around here long. No. I... I'd like a little time with Reed. Oh, well, maybe he'll stop by your prison when we extradite you to Missouri. Goodbye, Luke. Wait, wait, wait! Please! Look, this was all... A big... accident. What do you mean? I never planned on taking the kid with me. I had an affair with his mom, Cassy, while his father was in Iraq, and I got pretty close with Rory. Then his father, Mark, came home from overseas, and Cassy said we were done. I got angry, left town. But Mark had issues, you know? Crap he took out on his family. And Cassy sent me an e-mail, said she was scared of him again. So, one night when I knew she was at work, I drove back to Joplin, called Mark up, tricked him into meeting me. I was only trying to make sure he never hurt anyone again. I didn't know Rory was with him until... afterwards... When I got in his car. The kid popped up in the backseat, and he knew me. You understand? I kind of changed my plans after that. I headed for Mexico with the kid, left Mark's car at the border. What did you tell Rory? I said his parents ran off and weren't coming back. I just kept repeating that I was the only person he could trust every day until it was in his bones. Look, after what I did to his father, I had two choices... kill Reed or take him with me. I chose to take him with me. I chose to take him. So you go to Mexico, change identities, Okay, what happened at the baseball game? I saw Massey filming Rory with that camera. After the game, he came up to me, asked if we had family in Joplin. He said my son reminded him of another kid he'd known... a little boy who threw with both arms. And how did you break into Massey's RV? I sent Rory off to get pizza with his team. After he left, I knocked on Massey's door, asked if he remembered the name of that kid in Joplin or if he had a picture of him. And he said, "Yes." And then? He invited me in to see the photographs, got me a beer. And when he turned around to get another one, I hit him over the head with something. Then I wrapped a cord around his neck and pulled. But he was gonna report me. I could tell. He was going to report me. Why did you dump his belongings? I knew I couldn't leave his computer, so I figured I'd make things look like a robbery. Except for putting him away for life without parole. Grabbed a bunch of his stuff, tossed it in a dumpster. Or I could ignore the L.A.P.D. And have him extradited to Missouri. Do you want to go through the years of trials and appeals required to put him to death? Can I see my son now? And have Rory on the witness stand for the next decade talking about how his dad died? Or do we end it here? It was evidence, so we had to open it, but I think your dad meant it for you. Thank you. Mm-hmm. So, how long does this allocution process take? If we find the body of Rory's father where he said it was, two days from now, Luke Dalton will tell his story in court. He will go to prison until the day he dies. And the state will arrange to release your father's RV to you. [ Clears throat ] Mrs. Brooks, I'm Lieutenant Provenza. We spoke on the phone. Please call me Cassy. Is he here? Yes, ma'am. Right this way. Rusty : What about that stuff about my mother? I-I mean, it felt like I was judging her. No, no, I don't think you were doing that at all. It's hard to know how to take these threats against your life. Sometimes we unconsciously confuse what scares us now with the things that frightened us as kids, so I think you were... maybe storing some of your anxiety in a familiar place. That's it. Is that bad? I-I mean... How do  you  think I'm doing? I think... you have a lot on your plate right now, and we're not even looking at the whole plate, are we? One last question. Walk me out. The last question? If your mom came back today, would you get in a car and drive off with her... Or would you stay where you are with Sharon? I don't know anymore. I-I don't know. Interesting. Okay. Well, that's good, I think. That's good. Oh. Are you done? Yes. I'll have my evaluation in to Chief Taylor next Monday. But if he ever wants to call me, I'm back after Christmas. And I'd love to hear from you, Rusty. I would. Thank you, Dr. Joe. Thanks. Why don't you hang onto this? You may want it. Oh, it's a hell of a thing... reunited with his mom after all this time apart. Wonder what's going through the kid's mind right now, huh? Sharon : It's impossible to say. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 