Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Out of Bounds - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Out of Bounds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18730 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/19/12 02:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Out of Bounds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Major Crimes... 
 I have some news about Rusty Beck. 
 The lab found a familial match to the boy in our criminal database. 
 Paul Dunn. Looks like Rusty's paternal Uncle. 
 Paul has an older brother, Daniel Dunn, who, I bet, will test out as Rusty's biological father. 
 What you tell the boy is up to you. 
 What's this? 
 It's what we're gonna talk about over dinner. 
 [ water running ] 
 There you go. 
 Ah, wait, no... glasses go... 
 On the top. Sorry. 
 I remember. 
 Oh. 
 Have you looked through any of this information about your father? 
 My  biological  father. 
 Who comes with biological grandparents, aunts, uncles... well, an Uncle you found off a DNA hit of a cocaine user in San Diego. 
 Sharon : Your father shouldn't be held responsible for his brother's behavior. 
 Fine. 
 Well, let's just talk about my so-called dad's conduct, then. 
 He never even once tried to track me down. 
 That doesn't sound very fatherly to me. 
 Rusty, you didn't know about your father. 
 There's a possibility he doesn't know about you, either. 
 Yeah, or maybe he just doesn't care. 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 Yes, lieutenant. 
 How long ago? 
 Text me the address. 
 I got to go. 
 [ Footsteps depart ] 
 Rusty, I know that you are leaning away from meeting your father, but I would consider that decision carefully. 
 Now that we know that you have family, Oh. Rusty... 
 I'm not trying to get rid of you. 
 In fact, if you weren't here... 
 I'd miss you. 
 But I also feel obligated to do... what's best for me. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 I'll probably be late. 
 What, so, now that I'm officially out of emergency care, you're just going out every night? 
 Is that it? 
 To a murder. 
 Do your homework before you watch TV. 
 [ Siren wailing ] 
 Aha. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Provenza : Hope we didn't take you away from anything important, captain. 
 You didn't, lieutenant. 
 Who found the body? 
 Black-and-white noticed the car about an hour ago. 
 Curb's red. 
 Victim wasn't planning on parking here this long. 
 He's young. 
 16 years old... his name is Anthony Lewis. 
 The car was registered to him. 
 Any sign of robbery? 
 No, no, the wallet's right there in his sweatshirt pocket. 
 There's recent damage to the left-rear bumper of this vehicle. 
 How recent? 
 We found plastic shards of the taillight about 20 yards up the street. 
 We also have paint scratches from another car inside this dent... looks red, maybe maroon. 
 We collected samples to analyze. 
 So, there was a collision, and the victim pulled the car to the side of the road. 
 Captain, there were no bullet holes in the driver's-side door. 
 The window was up and intact. 
 So either Anthony opened the door, or the shooter opened the door before firing. 
 It looks like a total of three shots. 
 Two went into the victim's back, and then one shot hit inside the passenger door right here. 
 Tao : Shooter closes the door as he was leaving so the dome light wouldn't catch anyone's attention, which is how it was when the L.A.P.D. found it. 
 All right, h-here's the way I see it. 
 Glove box is open, maybe the kid sees trouble from a rival gang, tries to get his gun, not fast enough, he gets shot. 
 Did we find a gun in the glove box? 
 No, captain, we did not. 
 Maybe the shooter took it... spoils of war. 
 And leave the kid's wallet? 
 What else could the victim have been reaching for? 
 We got vehicle registration, insurance information, uh, some change, hand sanitizer... and a letter of permission to drive between the hours of 11:00 P.M. and 5:00 A.M., signed by Javier Ramirez on stationery from James Madison High School. 
 Sykes : Looking up Javier Ramirez. 
 Madison High School's just a couple miles from here. 
 Anthony could have been coming from there. 
 My son Kevin's new behind the wheel. 
 You put him on the road, add a little rain, which makes every L.A. driver crazy, and you got a good situation for road rage. 
 Maybe, but the smart money's still on gangs. 
 Uh, captain, Javier Ramirez is James Madison High School's football coach, and Anthony Lewis was Madison's quarterback... not your typical gangbanger. 
 Nothing says gangbangers can't throw a football. 
 Let's get coach Ramirez to help us establish a timeline, and, lieutenant Provenza, let's notify the victim's family. 
 Actually, there has been a hold put on all notifications. 
 A hold? 
 Who issued that? 
 Wait, before you answer that question... 
 What exactly makes this murder a major crime? 
 Taylor : I do. 
 And I issued the hold on notifications because that particular neighborhood is a hotbed of gang activity. 
 But we haven't yet determined that the murder's gang-related. 
 Doesn't matter. 
 Your victim's brother is Lamar Lewis... with a street name of "Bones." 
 Lamar's high up in the twilight Crips. 
 The T.C's have been fighting for turf with the Trece Locos, ma'am. 
 And not just in the streets. 
 There have been three black-on-brown fights at Madison High School in the last month. 
 Parents are mad, saying we're not doing our jobs. 
 About came to blows at the last PTA meeting. 
 And you know that from the incident report, sir? 
 No. I was there. 
 My youngest son goes to Madison. 
 Chief, this could be an isolated incident of road rage. 
 We can consider that theory, but there are boys with guns in that neighborhood who won't, including this Lamar Lewis, who's currently on probation for assault. 
 If Bones... I mean, Lamar retaliates for the murder of his brother, he'll go after Trece Locos, ma'am. 
 I understand the dangers here, but there's a way to keep a lid on our information and still pursue this... 
 No, listen... we're going to do this  my  way. 
 We're going to bring Lamar in, notify him in a controlled environment, and you hold off asking for help from this coach Ramirez until morning. 
 These restrictions could put us very behind in our investigation. 
 But it's the best way to ensure that nobody else gets murdered while we're trying to figure this out. 
 Madison High's not going to become a shooting gallery on my watch. 
 Bring Lamar in. 
 Convince him to let us do our job. 
 And that's an order. 
 What is this? 
 You guys goin' fishing? Have a seat. It ain't right you just jerk my leash whenever you want. I told you to sit, and you're still standing. Are you trying to irritate me, Mr. Lewis? [ Scoffs lightly ] Okay. You can do whatever you want to me... I know. You got something you can't pin on anybody, so you out rounding everybody up that's on probation. I'm just one of hundreds, right? You're not here because you did something wrong. Have you been read your rights? No. You see? Now sit. Lamar, I'm sorry to inform you that the L.A.P.D. found your brother, Anthony, tonight, dead. Quit messing with me. Unfortunately, I'm not. Your brother was shot to death in the front seat... Shot to death? Anthony was shot? I'm very sorry. Where? Where did you find him? 115th street and town, near the 105. I'm gonna tell you something about this, and I need you to hear what I'm saying. I heard 115th street loud and clear. Someone bumped into the back of your brother's car while he was driving off the freeway. To our experts here, this looks like road rage. We're tracing the car, and we are going to find it very fast. You want to see fast, huh? I'll show you fast. If you're gonna try to solve this problem yourself, you're gonna make it even more difficult for us to find the killer. I don't need to find the killer, ese. They're all killers. He's losing him. He's not losing him. What channel are you watching? Lamar :  Maybe you think you people... You know if Lamar walks out of here, what's... He's not gonna walk out of here. But we have no reason to hold him. Actually, according to the rules, we do. That's it. I'm gone. You're not leaving. Yes, I am. You said yourself, I didn't do nothing wrong. So, you pick your own word for "goodbye." It's 10:47 P.M. Yeah, so? Conditions of probation include a 10:00 P.M. curfew, which means you are currently out of compliance. Are you kidding me? I don't really kid. What?! Man. Lamar Lewis, you're under arrest for violating probation. Man, you the one who called me down here! This ain't right! Sanchez : We'll look into your claim, Mr. Lewis, and we'll get back to you. I want my lawyer. You hear me? You get me my lawyer down here. This ain't right! You're gonna pay for this. Say what you will about her. You're gonna pay for this! The woman knows the rules. You set me up! You set me up. [ Gasps softly ] What's all this? Well, I thought you might be hungry when you texted and said you were finally coming home. You didn't need to go to all this trouble. Well, it's no trouble. I used to make breakfast for my mom all the time. Thank you. It looks great. I can make breakfast for you every morning if you'd like. Do you want cheese? Oh, please. [ Sighs ] Um, I looked up my... Well, let's just call him my "father." I looked him up on the Internet. What'd you find? Well, his Facebook page was private, but his résumé was online. Hmm. He never fought in Bosnia, which is where my mom said he died. He never even served in the army, either. So, pretty much everything she ever said about him was a lie. Big surprise, huh? Well, right now he's working as a mortgage broker, which is a bad thing, right? No, not always. A mortgage is how you buy a house. Mmm. [ Chuckles softly ] This is really good. Well, anyway, he's living in Orange County now, but he has moved around a lot... San Francisco, Tucson, Las Vegas. What could he be running from? You moved around a lot, as well. You went to five elementary schools, three middle schools. You need to learn more about him before you jump to conclusions. Yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna say. I need to find out more about him... like, if he's an asshole, if he's ever been to jail, if he does drugs. Do you think he does drugs? I don't know. Well, I just... I can't deal with any more adults and drugs. And if he were into that sort of thing, you guys could find out, right? Well, technically, it's against the law for me to run a background check on someone who's not under criminal investigation. Well, then how am I supposed to decide if I want to meet him? I'll have to think about how we might proceed. Sykes : We've doubled patrol around Madison High, and S.I.S. has all the top members of the Twilight Crips under surveillance. Captain, I talked to a friend of mine in the gang unit who checked with his C.I's.... hasn't heard any chatter about a hit. Tao : And the black-and-whites patrolling the area didn't see any tags taking credit for the murder. So, no one's claiming responsibility. And there been no retaliation against the Treces. Eh, the day is young. Most gangbangers don't wake up till afternoon. Still, with the collision damage to the car, the fact that the door was open, and Anthony was reaching for his glove box, we're leaning towards road rage, right? Unless we can prove it, Sykes, even if it is road rage, it's still gangs. Sanchez : Captain, I took the paint we found on the back bumper of the victim's car to the print shed, analyzed the color with a fourier transform infrared spectrophotometer. Without me? I was in a hurry. Uh, the color's ruby red from a 2002 KIA Sedona. We're checking with body shops for a match. Doesn't sound like the vehicle of choice for a gangster. Unless they just grabbed it off the street. Have we established any kind of a timeline on this murder? We're about to interview the victim's coach in order to do just that. And Anthony's brother? I don't want to keep Lamar for too long on this particular violation. He's asked for a lawyer. If this goes up in front of the wrong judge, it could look like entrapment. I don't care about entrapment. You hold him as long as you need to. Listen, every minute this investigation drags on, we're risking lives. I want you to nail down where the victim was last night before he was shot. Ramirez : Well, for most of the evening, Anthony was with me. We were in the gym, watching film from last Friday's game. God, I can't believe he's gone. Sorry, sir. We know that this is a shock. When did you last see Anthony? 8:00 last night. 8:15, maybe? That's pretty late. Was it just you and him? No. It was the whole offensive backfield, and I'd have them stay even later if I could. Why is that? My team is half-Latino, half-black, and our kicker's white. So, I keep them working, I keep them tired, I keep them winning, and that keeps us a team. Do you know if Anthony or any of your other kids have gang issues? I have a zero-tolerance policy on gang involvement. Our only enemies are on the field. How familiar were you with Anthony's home life? You're talking about his brother. Not a fan? Of lamar... Or bones or whatever he calls himself? He showed up at the last two away games... started tossing up signs in the stands, fronting, starting trouble. So I told him he couldn't come back. You don't think he had any influence over Anthony? Anthony wouldn't have done anything to ruin his future. He already had scouts starting to come see him play. He was only a sophomore. [ Scoffs lightly ] Surprised me, too. But three weeks ago, we were down by 20 against Ladera Heights, fourth quarter. So, I put Anthony in... figured I'd give him some playing time. In six minutes, he rushed for 64 yards and passed for 120, and we won the game. Six minutes? You know what the other coach said when I shook his hand? "That was fun to watch." After he lost. See, that's how great Anthony was. He turned opponents into fans, and he was gonna do that all the way to the top. Sounds like a natural. Oh, he loved the game. He was still talking plays when I walked him to his car last night. 80% of my players get scholarships and go to college. To be part of that 80%, you have to give 110% and have natural talent. And he did. Anthony did. You walked him to his car last night. Did you happen to see a van like this one parked in the lot? You know what? I-I did see a minivan. But I can't be sure if this was the one. It was leaving when Anthony left. If the coach is telling the truth about seeing this vehicle, then it sounds like Anthony was specifically targeted. And if it was the Treces who targeted him, then this thing's gonna get very ugly very soon. I don't think it was the Treces, captain. I found no reports for a stolen red Sedona in the last week. According to the coach, the kid doesn't sound affiliated. Gangsters don't bump each others' cars. They shoot. So, we're looking at something personal. We have someone in custody who knew the victim pretty well. Lamar Lewis isn't gonna tell us anything. He might  show  us. If we give him a hint, yes, he might. You guys plan on keeping me here forever? Depends on how smart you are. Your brother had nothing to do with gangs, but you do. You think Anthony was killed because of you? Lamar, did you hear me? You got the kind of problems  with other gangs  that might make your brother  a target? I don't know. I represent. [ Chuckles lightly ] You're that important that they would go after Anthony because he's related to you? Family's supposed to be out of bounds. The Treces broke the rules. Say you go after the guy who killed your brother, you see him driving down the street. You would light him up, right? You expect a play-by-play? Would you rear-end his car? Get him to pull over? Then wait until he goes for his insurance information and "pop"? Is that how  you'd  do it? We're showing him the evidence? Why are you showing him the evidence? So that he can think about his brother's murder the way  we are thinking about it. You ever see a gang off someone like this? No. You ever heard of the Treces using a car accident to make a hit? Seems like a lot of work when you could just unload a clip without denting your own ride. Or maybe there was another reason your brother was killed. I mean, it could be random... some guy in a red minivan follows him off the freeway. We will figure that out. But if it's personal... like if a girl's involved or a friend. Can you think of anyone who might have wanted your brother dead? It could help us. It's better that it had nothing to do with me. I thought I got my little man killed, but I didn't. So, uh, sure. If I can think of anything, sure, I'll help you. No retaliation against the Treces. No. They didn't do this. No. Okay. You think of something, you let us know. Go home. I'm sorry. What? We'll keep you posted. We're letting him go. It's an hour before school's out. You're tossing a lit match at a powder keg? Whatever happened to holding him here? I'm on to plan "b." If this murder is personal in nature, Lamar may lead us to the killer or killers. That's only if he believes Julio. This is exactly the kind of thing I was hoping to avoid when I put you in this office! Holding Lamar Lewis any longer could leave us vulnerable to a lawsuit. And since I need to let him go, I'm making the best of the situation. And if you are taking over this investigation, please let me know. It this blows up, it's not Sanchez's job on the line. It's yours. [ Door closes ] 
 
 Do we have any idea where Bones is going yet? No, chief, but Sanchez is following him, and I have good video from his camera. He hasn't had a face-to-face with any other Crips. Whatever Lamar has in mind, he's probably doing it alone. That's a big "probably." This is your father. Call me back. I'm taking that phone from you as soon as I get home. Gentlemen, I'm having a little bit of a problem with Rusty. Are we about to be hit up for more money? No, Buzz, please. Keep your eyes on the monitor for a moment. Rusty wants more information about his biological father before he agrees to meet with him, and... Well, his mother has lied to him about the guy his whole life. The kid's got good reason to hold back. Everybody, I think lamar is headed toward Madison high. It'd be illegal for me to pull the records of Rusty's father without a good reason, and I'm having a hard time coming up with another way to get that information. [ Clears throat ] [ Cellphone ringing ] Yeah. Hi, I'm an everyday citizen looking to make an anonymous tip. There's a name by the name of "Rusty's dad" who may be connected to a murder. Also, thank you for the fine job you do. You're an American hero, and I don't tell that to you nearly enough. A  legal  option, lieutenant. Well, the kid's a DCFS problem, right? Mm-hmm. Let them dig up the info. I know somebody over there who gets back to me pretty quick, and I've been looking for an excuse to call her anyway. Tao : Captain, Buzz is right. Lamar is turning into Madison High parking lot. I want all uniformed officers to hold back. Captain, that's a school. At which there might be a murderer, whom I'm assuming you want us to catch. We anticipated Lamar's destination, and we have overwhelming presence at the scene, chief. Please. All right. [ Laughter ] [ Indistinct conversations ] He's out of his car. Where is he going? Looks like he stopped at a memorial for his brother. All right, he's not going back to his car. I've lost visual. Sykes? We're on it. He's headed towards the football field. There's another gathering there for Anthony. All right, fellas, let's bring it in. Come on. Take a knee. We all suffered a big loss last night. And I know that a lot of you are angry. I know we're looking for someone to blame. But if we're gonna honor Anthony and his life, we can't fall apart over his death. Anthony wouldn't have wanted that. He loved this team, and we loved him. So, let me ask you... what would Anthony want from us today? Would he want us to quit? Would he want us to stop playing? What would Anthony want from each one of us? What would Anthony want more than anything else in the world? He'd want us to win. Say that again, Alvarado, louder. Anthony would have wanted us to win. What would Anthony want us to do? He would have wanted us to win! Does anyone else think that? Can anyone else say what Anthony would want us to do? All : To win! What? To win! Say again? To win! Let me hear you! Sykes : Lamar just got a buddy. To win! Again. To win! Again! To win! Again! To win! Again! All right. Put it up. All right, fellas. He's got to be waiting around for someone. On three, let me hear you say "Anthony." One, two, three. All : Anthony! Sykes : He's moving. Are you guys getting this? We are. We see Lamar. His friend is staying put. I'm going after the target. He's following the coach. All black-and-whites and S.I.S. ready to move on my say. [ Vehicle door closes ] [ Engine turns over ] Ramirez is leaving. Hey, asshole. Yo, Lamar. What's going on? Kill my brother? Huh? He's going after a kid. Huh? He's chasing a kid! All units, move in and apprehend the suspect. Get out of my way! Get out of my way! [ Tires squeal ] [ Tires squeal ] A gun! He's got a gun! Where is everyone? What the hell? Detective Sanchez? [ Grunting ] Good God. [ Grunting ] Come on! Take him! Take him! Take him! Sykes. Sykes, can you hear me? [ Groaning ] I need an ambulance! Officer down! Get an ambulance! Flynn, I'm getting my car. Call me as soon as you know what hospital they're taking her to. Provenza : You got it. Get the runner, damn it! Get the runner! [ Siren wails ] Police! Stop! I didn't do anything! I didn't do anything! On the ground! On the ground! Facedown on the ground! Hands up! [ Siren wails ] Sykes, can you hear me? You did it. You got the gun. I didn't do anything! What are you... what are you doing?! [ Grunts ] I didn't do anything. I didn't do anything. You will get your chance to talk soon enough. Buzz : Sorry. This is all I had time to grab for you. It's great. What's this? That's more information about your father. Captain Raydor wanted you to have it. But Sharon said you guys couldn't do a background check on him. We didn't. DCFS sent that over. D-do you need anything else? No. No, thanks. Okay. Is everything all right? Actually, no. Detective Sykes was hurt today, and we're still waiting to hear how she is. Lieutenant. Any word on Amy? Well... Taylor : Captain, I've called a press conference in an hour to announce that we've detained a potential suspect. How is detective Sykes? Concussion, cuts and bruises, dislocated jaw. Good God. Look, this is one of the big differences between running internal affairs and working homicides. You send people into seriously dangerous situations, and they go because that's the job. And Sykes did that job today. Damn well. But, lieutenant, what did I miss? I thought... it seemed like we had the situation covered. We're never "covered." You have a partner, you have a gun, you have a camera, you have S.I.S. and vests and dogs and patrol cars out the ass, and people still get hurt. Sharon... There is no defense against bad luck. And we can't even take the time right now to properly consider Amy's misfortune because we have this murder to solve, which is what I'm sure chief Taylor has come to remind us of. I have. Lamar won't be any more trouble to us. But he was chasing that kid for a reason, and the sooner we get the word out that we're questioning the boy who killed Anthony Lewis, the less likely there will be any kind of gang retaliation. Detective Sanchez. Are you all right? My foot hurts, but not enough. Maybe I should have kicked that b*st*rd harder. Coach Ramirez told me that our victim and Diego Alvarado, the kid that Lamar was chasing, got into a fight in the locker room two weeks ago. Did he say why? Well, Diego wasn't too happy that Anthony took the quarterback spot from him. Wait, wait. Diego murdered our victim to get his starting position back? Do you know how important being a quarterback is to a player from that neighborhood? It is  not  just a game. Lieutenant, it is potentially the rest of your life. Well, the coach also confirmed that Diego was watching game film with the offense last night. Motive and opportunity. Now all we need is evidence. Does Diego have access to a red minivan? We're looking into that. Captain, Diego's parents. Where's my son? He's  the victim here. Someone tried to shoot  him. Mrs. Alvarado, we are in the middle of taking your son's statement. No, I want to see him  now. Sir, the sooner you start cooperating with us, the sooner you'll be done. Folks, follow me, please. Please. Captain. None of the cars registered to the Alvarado family include a 2002 KIA Sedona. Okay. Detective Sanchez, will you help me interview Diego? D.D.A. Michaels, I think that you should follow along in electronics. Gentlemen. Come on. Did you Mirandize the boy, Mike? I got Diego to do it for me. He recited the warning. I asked him if he understood. He said yes. Would you keep your eye on Diego's parents? Let's go. Hello, Diego. My name is captain Sharon Raydor. This is detective Sanchez. What the hell is happening? [ Door closes ] Why did Anthony's brother just pull a gun on me? We were hoping you could help us with that. Do you have idea why Lamar would come after you? Because Julio told him to. No, I don't. How long you been playing football for Madison High? Coach Ramirez recruited me when I was a sophomore. Diego... How do you rate yourself as a player? [ Chuckles ] I threw 22 touchdowns and 2,483 yards last year. I do all right. You must have been getting attention from colleges. There was interest, yeah. So, what happened to Anthony helped you. [ Scoffs ] W-wait. I don't think of it that way. Well, you had problems with Anthony. You guys fought two weeks ago. We were just blowing off steam. Lamar Lewis didn't think of it as blowing off steam. Out of everyone who could have killed his brother, he came after  you. Look, I was angry, okay? I was. Anthony had a lucky couple of games, and I was in a slump, but that was it. I-I would have won the starting spot back this game or the next. I didn't have to kill Anthony in order to do that. Look, he was going to be a great player. There's no doubt about it. But I had the experience. It was going to work out just fine for me. Besides, I-I never had anything to do with Anthony off the field. But you watched game film with the rest of the offense. You followed Anthony afterwards. You bumped him. When he pulled over, you shot him. Now you're back to starting position. I-I did  not follow him! Diego, we know the kind of car we're looking for. When we find the red KIA Sedona that you used, we will have all the evidence we need. You can make things easier... what are you talking about?! A red KIA? Tons of people have that car. My grandmother has one! It doesn't mean I killed somebody! [ Computer keys clacking ] If you get the car and we connect it to the accident, we're on our way to a conviction. Karen Alvarado, Diego's mom... her maiden name is Garza. Her mother's name is Victoria Garza, and she owns a 2002 KIA Sedona. Take a warrant over the river and through the woods. To grandmother's house I go. If you hurry, we can still make the 11:00 news and turn this into a win. Chief, may I say how touched we all are at the concern you've demonstrated for Amy Sykes? Okay, let's get back to the red minivan. Your grandparents ever go to one of your games? Did they drive the minivan? Did Lamar attend the game when your grandparents... My grandparents?! What are you talking about? Look, I already told you. There must be thousands of those minivans out there. Where are my mom and dad? I want an attorney. I was just going to suggest that. [ Door opens ] Stay with the suspect till I have him removed to holding. Tao : Mr. Alvarado... Alvarado : Get out of my way. I'm not waiting anymore. [ Door closes ] Where's Diego? He didn't kill anybody. He's not like that. Sir, I recommend you retain legal counsel for your son. We can discuss your options in the morning. No. Hold on. When was Anthony killed? Approximately 8:30 last night. My son has an alibi. He has an alibi. I sent him to the store. Look. Look. He gave me the receipt. Look. It has a time stamp on it and everything. I'll check if the store has security footage of the kid purchasing milk and cereal. That means he's okay, right? That proves he didn't do it. Mr. Alvarado, may I see your wallet? I have to ask, sir, why is that the only receipt in here? What makes a receipt from Al's liquor for cereal and milk so important you'd save it in your wallet? It's important because it... we just heard your mother-in-law owns a KIA Sedona, does she not? And we have officers getting a search warrant for her house right now. Now, if the van was damaged, if she took it to the shop today... wait, wait, wait. O-okay, there's an explanation for all this. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law. No, you don't understand. You have the right to an attorney. If you can't afford an attorney, the state will provide you with one. It was self-defense. I followed the little creep, all right?! That I admit to! I followed him! He attacked my son in the locker room a couple of weeks ago because he's one of "those" people. I just needed to prove that he was in a gang so Ramirez would kick him off the team. The kid must have seen me, known what I was up to, because he slammed on the brakes, forced me to bump into his car. So I-I got out to see the damage, and... and he was shouting. Threatening me, saying he was gonna kill a Mexican. I-I-I tried to talk him down, but then he... he got back into his car and reached inside of his glove box. I thought he had a gun. He was going for his registration and his insurance information. And how was I supposed to know that? They all have guns! What would you have done if you were standing there and this black gangbanger goes into his glove box... Mr. Alvarado. Anthony Lewis wasn't in a gang, and you planned for your son to go to the store before you shot him. That's premeditation. I-I know this is a big misunderstanding. So big, in fact, that if you don't clear this up right now, Lamar Lewis and his friends in the Twilight Crips are going to think that your son shot Anthony. Diego didn't have anything to do with this. Sir, if you cooperate, we can make that clear to the people who want to kill Diego. But we need your statement. Hold on. Hold on. If I help you, will you be sure that Diego gets to keep playing? Please. Will you help my son stay on the team? [ Sighs ] Yes, I will. But first, you have to sit down with an attorney. You've got to tell us everything you've done, and you have to assure us that Diego was not involved. My boy didn't have nothing to do with this. You have got to make me believe that. I will. I promise. To make sure that no more blood is shed, because of the actions of my father. Who has confessed to the murder of Anthony Lewis. This was not a gang crime. Well, that should be enough to stop any more violence. Till tomorrow. Good work today, captain. Sanchez. [ Door opens, closes ] Poor young man. You don't get to pick your parents, captain. No, you don't. Um... I just wanted to say that was really good work with the receipt. [ Mug thuds ] Thank you, Julio. Because before that, we had jack. I'm going to check on detective Sykes. I'll be there shortly. Ma'am.. Rusty : Is detective Sykes okay? She will be. I'm going to go see her now. I'll drop you off at home on the way to the hospital. That's okay. I could go, too, if that's all right. Okay. So, what's in the file that lieutenant Flynn put together about your father? Well, he's never been arrested. There's no history of drugs or anything like that. He just seems like a completely normal guy. So I only... I only really have one question left. Okay. What's that? Do you... do you want me to meet him so, like... like, I could leave here and live with him? Of course not. Unless that's what  you  wanted to do. It's just that I-I don't even know the guy, and... and I made a friend at school. Did you? Yeah, he's on the chess team. Really? Yeah, and... and now that I'm out of emergency care, I could join the chess team, and... and they could use me because they are terrible right now. And I-I like my history teacher and... and the laptop they gave me and... I don't know. I-I thought we were getting along. Aren't we? Yes, we are. Really well. Rusty, listen, um... I'm just presenting you with the facts as I promised I would. Meeting your biological father... it's entirely up to you. Well, then, I don't want to. He might not even know about me, but I definitely don't need to know about him. So, if... if you really mean that and you don't mind me hanging around, I-I think I'm happy where I am. Well, then... Let's try and keep it that way. [ Door opens ] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 