Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Citizens Arrest - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Citizens Arrest https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18729 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/12/12 08:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Citizens Arrest 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Construction equipment whirring ] 
 [ Beeping ] 
 [ Beeping ] 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 No wallet, no I.D. 
 Dead maybe 10 hours, unless Dr. Morales says differently. 
 Print scan? 
 Tao : No. 
 Sykes called missing persons. 
 Too early to tell. 
 [ Police radio chatter continues ] 
 What are these marks on his wrists? 
 Rope burns. He was tied up. 
 Torture? 
 I wouldn't rule it out, but again... 
 I know... wait for Morales. 
 I don't like this. 
 I don't like this at all. 
 I just spoke to the property manager. 
 He said the drum in which the victim was sealed isn't one of his. 
 It looks too new. 
 Plus, his bill of lading was for 38 drums. 
 That one makes 39. 
 Flynn : This entire property is surrounded by chain-link fence with razor wire. 
 If it's not one of his barrels, then how did it get here? 
 I asked him that, sir. 
 He said that there's a service gate in the back that's kept unlocked for late-night drop-offs, things like that. 
 Or things like this. 
 If the contents of these drums were gonna be recycled, then whoever did this had to know that the body would be found fairly soon. 
 No. No, all these drums are hazardous material people bring in thinking it's recyclable, and which they end up paying the owner to ship to a landfill up north. 
 Tao : Kill a guy, put him in a barrel that's gonna be buried for a thousand years? 
 Not a bad way to dispose of a body. 
 All right. 
 Sykes, call up a few patrol officers, get some Hazmat suits. 
 Ask the fire department to come over, and then I want you to open each and every one of these barrels. 
 We could have some other victims. 
 Flynn : So, what are you thinking? 
 Mass murderer or serial killer? 
 I'm thinking about what might be buried in that landfill up north. 
 All right, uh, go with the victim. 
 Meet Raydor at the morgue. 
 And try to get an I.D. on the young man as soon as you can. 
 I have a sick feeling about this. 
 Good morning to you, too, Captain. 
 We have a serious problem. 
 Dr. Morales : Seven broken ribs, cracked sternum, shattered left clavicle... dislocated jaw. 
 But the death was a result of the rifle shot in his back. 
 Signs of sexual abuse? 
 I can't rule it out, but inside the bullet wound are cotton fibers, so the victim wasn't completely naked when he died. 
 I see residue around his mouth. 
 Duct tape. 
 And the rope-burn patterns on his wrists indicate that his hands were bound behind his back. 
 He was being held hostage and he escaped. 
 Doesn't look like he escaped to me. 
 But, yes, he was probably hit while on the run from this... a .223 rifle round. 
 From over a hundred yards away, wouldn't you say, Lieutenant? 
 Otherwise, the bullet would have gone straight through. 
 Oh. Kid makes a break for it with his hands tied behind his back, killer fires at him with a rifle from a pretty good distance. 
 Bullet enters his back, and the kid goes down. 
 And without his hands to break his fall, his upper torso and face take the impact, thus the broken bones and lacerations. 
 [ Sighs ] But no I.D. 
 What... what about his fraternity brothers? 
 How do you know he was in a fraternity? 
 Uh, this tattoo. 
 It's a fraternity symbol. 
 I see them on lots of young men his age. 
 This one's from Beta Kappa. 
 Done fairly recently. 
 Hmm. Could this be a hazing death? 
 Hazing is for students trying to get into a fraternity,  not for students who are already members. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 His poor mother. 
 I cannot imagine. 
 So maybe there's a frat boy who can identify our victim. 
 We can't show a photo of him looking like this. 
 Give me an hour. 
 I'll, uh... try and make him look presentable. 
 Man : That's Ben Barlow. 
 Are you sure this is him? 
 Absolutely. 
 We've been close since he pledged. 
 What's going on? 
 Is Ben in some kind of trouble? 
 'Cause he hasn't called me back in like a week. 
 That the last time you saw him, Mark? 
 Um, we picked our claim rooms, and then he was gonna meet us the next night at the Arclight, but he never showed up. 
 What is a claim room? 
 As graduates move out of the fraternity house, younger members move in and claim their rooms, right? 
 You know a lot about fraternities. 
 My son was in one. 
 Well, Ben picked a sweet room, too... his dad's, actually, which makes it kind of weird he hasn't shown up yet. 
 Wait. 
 Uh, Ben's father was part of the fraternity thing? 
 He was president, class of '82. 
 Made Ben a legacy. 
 Sykes : Lieutenant, I opened the remaining 38 barrels like you asked, and, uh, no more dead guys. 
 What the hell's going on? 
 Did something happen to Ben? 
 He died. 
 That's what's wrong with him in this picture? 
 Is this why Ben hasn't been at school?! 
 Yes, Mark. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 We picked up Ben's body earlier today. 
 [ Clears throat ] Mark, has, um, Ben fought with anyone, made any enemies, received any threats? 
 What? 
 No. 
 Everybody loved Ben. 
 He was a really good guy. 
 Does his father know about this? 
 'Cause when I talked to him, he d... 
 Whoa, whoa. You spoke to Ben's father recently? 
 Yeah. 
 I called their house, and he said that Ben was out of town, but he didn't say anything about the police being involved. 
 I got to go. 
 Um... 
 I have to let everyone know what's going on here. 
 I got to set up a memorial and... 
 Sanchez : Sir, right this way. 
 I... when did this happen? 
 Let's go to this cubicle for a moment. 
 God. 
 Whoever killed your friend, Mark, was hoping that he'd stay missing for a long time. 
 What are you saying? 
 That you can't tell anyone that Ben is dead and that we need your help in finding his murderer. 
 But I don't know anything. 
 You know more than you think. 
 We have to move. 
 So this is what we're going to do. 
 Raise your right hand and repeat after me. 
 I, Mark Howard... 
 I, Mark Howard... do solemnly swear... Do solemnly swear... to protect and to serve... to protect and to serve... as a citizen officer of the L.A.P.D. 
 ... as a citizen officer of the L.A.P.D. 
 So help me God. 
 So help me God. 
 Okay, this oath is good for the next 24 hours. 
 Now, I need you to sit at this desk, and I need you to write down every single thing that you knew about Ben... what he liked, what he hated, who his friends are, troubles that he had, everything that you can think of. 
 Does his family know? 
 During the period of your oath, you can have no contact with anyone outside the L.A.P.D. 
 You'll be briefed on the progress of our investigation on a need-to-know basis. 
 Is this Ben's home address? 
 Yeah. That's where he lived. 
 Ben Barlow's parents are Brian and Lori. 
 Brian has a family law practice in Beverly Hills... lots of high-profile divorce cases. 
 Mrs. Barlow works from home, volunteers for planned parenthood and a battered-women shelter. 
 Other than a few parking violations, neither has a record. 
 Thanks, Mike. 
 Let's regroup when we're done here. 
 Captain, I know our first priority is to eliminate Mr. and Mrs. Barlow as suspects, but, uh, somewhere in here, we need to notify them about their son. 
 How would you like that handled? 
 You take the lead, Lieutenant. 
 I will stand by to help the parents. 
 [ Knock on door ] 
 Brian Barlow? 
 Yes. 
 Lieutenant Provenza, Lieutenant Flynn, Captain Raydor, L.A.P.D. 
 Have you found them?! 
 Tell me you found my children! 
 The three of you have to get out of here right now. 
 Do you understand me? Right now. 
 They're watching our house. 
 They're listening to all of our phones. 
 Who's watching your house? 
 Did you say your children are missing? 
 Yes. And unless you have my son and daughter with you, I don't care why you're here. 
 We didn't call you. 
 And you're about to get both of our kids killed. 
 Listen to me, Mr. Barlow... the L.A.P.D.... 
 Here's a phone they're not listening to. 
 I will text you a number. 
 Call me or I must come back. 
 You have to! 
 Flynn : I said listen to me. 
 Gentlemen, with me please. 
 Good God, we just walked into a kidnapping. 
 If their daughter is still alive. 
 Flynn : Okay, it's not just a kidnapping. 
 It's murder. 
 We're not ignoring that. 
 The son is dead, I know, but the daughter may still be alive, and she has to be our first priority. 
 Lieutenant Provenza, may I use your phone? 
 But Barlow knew his kids were missing and never reported it. 
 What if he got rid of them himself? 
 We should have at least notified him of the boy's death and then seen what kind of reaction we got from the guy. 
 As difficult as this is, Lieutenant, may I remind you, the L.A.P.D. is under no legal obligation to notify anyone of any death at any time. 
 Provenza : And what if they're telling the truth, Flynn? 
 Unless the mother and father are terrific actors, once they find out their son is dead... the kidnappers will hear it in their voices. 
 We could lose the daughter. 
 Sykes is not just polishing the apple this time. 
 The Captain's got it right. 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 [ Ringing ] 
 This is captain Sharon Raydor. 
 [ Quietly ] This is Lori Barlow. 
 Thank you for trusting me, Mrs. Barlow. 
 We want to help you try and get your children back. 
 I need some information. 
 Can you tell me when you first heard from the kidnappers? 
 Six days ago. 
 They called and said we needed to give them $100,000 if we ever wanted to see Ben and Emily again. 
 So we paid it. 
 And then they demanded more money, and we paid that. 
 Mrs. Barlow, have you spoken to your children? 
 My husband has. 
 And how many payments have you made to the kidnappers? 
 Four. 
 We have paid them four times... hundreds of thousands of dollars and still they just... they make us wait. 
 They tell us to stay off the phone and keep the line open. 
 And I told my husband that we cannot handle this. 
 But he won't listen to me. 
 I'm listening, Mrs. 
 Barlow, from here on out. 
 Keep the line open, as the kidnappers say, and the next time you hear from them, you call this number immediately. 
 Okay, okay. 
 I... I'll call you as soon as we hear from them again. 
 Captain, permission to wire-tap. 
 Mrs. Barlow, I need your permission to attach a wire-tap to your phones. 
 Of course. 
 Just... promise you'll find my children. 
 We will, Mrs. Barlow. 
 We will. 
 Mr. Barlow : Lori? What are you doing in there? 
 Uh, I... I'll be out in just a minute. 
 I have to go. 
 [ Beep ] 
 Okay, I'll get a wire started. 
 Detective Sanchez, four ransom drops. 
 I'll get a warrant for all their bank accounts, ma'am. 
 Provenza : Mike, uh, you said that Barlow practiced family law? 
 I'll call D.D.A. Hobbs, get access to his cases going back... four years? 
 At least. In divorces and custody fights, sometimes people hold grudges for a long time. 
 And, Mike, if you will, see if we can obtain the passwords for Emily and Ben's Facebook accounts. 
 Will do. 
 Captain, if I may, S.I.S. has a lot of experience in kidnapping cases. 
 So, in my humble opinion, this might be a good place for Sykes to take the lead. 
 If Mr. Barlow is preparing to make another drop... 
 Let's put eyes on him. 
 What sort of eyes? 
 There we are. 
 All right, it's up. 
 I think that's the Barlow residence right there. 
 Yeah, from about 2,600 feet in the air. 
 Good eye, Lieutenant. 
 We can take the drone higher or lower if the scope size seems good. 
 I think it's about right. 
 Any closer and we'll lose the peripherals. 
 Half a mile's on the low end of not being noticeable. 
 Hmm. I can't believe that this is all live. 
 Isn't it great? 
 Must look really different to you, huh? 
 Back when you were doing surveillance, we needed multiple teams of detectives on the ground to cover God only knows how many square miles of terrain. 
 Big change from the blimp and telescope you trained with, isn't it, sir? 
 Now we can follow people everywhere. 
 Yeah, as long as they don't look up. 
 Flynn : Just got confirmation. 
 Wire-tap's been approved, and it should be functional. 
 Now all we need is for someone to call. 
 Tao : These are Emily's last few Facebook postings. 
 This next-to-last one... very interesting. 
 "Dad's office set up a secret photo session for my brother and me for an anniversary present for my parents. 
 So fun." 
 This was posted on Emily Barlow's Facebook account the day she and her brother went missing. 
 I called her dad's office. 
 They didn't know anything about it. 
 So this could have been how the kidnappers arranged to grab both children at once, and they knew the Barlows had an anniversary. 
 More than that, the kidnappers knew how to get in touch with each of the kids. 
 They knew where the father worked. 
 That's a lot of personal information, so it had to be someone close to the family. 
 Yeah, really close. 
 Barlow's credit report, ma'am. 
 Our victim's father cashed in about a million dollars' worth of stock held jointly with his wife. 
 He also emptied all of his bank accounts. 
 Possibly collecting funds for the ransom drops? 
 Or possibly not. I also pulled the entire family's credit-card statements for the last three months, and one of Mr. Barlow's cards had some strange charges. 
 Such as? 
 Two black 55-gallon drums purchased 3 weeks ago from stores in Sun Valley. 
 Plus a case of prepaid cellphones. 
 The guy's a divorce attorney. 
 If he's leaving his wife, he knows he can't hide money from her, so collecting his own ransom payments gets him all their cash and he can do whatever he wants with it. 
 Plus, he didn't call the police, and he sounds like a control freak. 
 But killing both of his children? 
 Though we have seen worse, and he was very serious about us not interfering. 
 And the two containers indicate that someone was thinking about how to get rid of the bodies before the kidnapping. 
 You know, I think we have to pick up Barlow. 
 You want to wait for the court records? They'll be here any minute. 
 Lieutenant, I don't think Emily Barlow has a minute. 
 We have two 55-gallon drums, Mrs. Barlow is talking about kidnappers, plural. 
 If this father was involved, he is definitely not doing this alone. 
 Captain, incoming call. 
 Mr. Barlow : I'm not delivering this money unless you let me talk to my children. 
 Kidnapper : You don't make the demands here. 
 I refuse to continue unless I can talk to my kids. 
 Fine. Hold on. 
 Emily : Daddy? 
 Emily, is that you? 
 Daddy! Help me! 
 Help me! 
 Emily, are you and Ben okay? 
 Emily? 
 Emily?! 
 Are you satisfied? 
 I want to talk to my son. 
 I'll get back to you. Stay where you are. 
 No, just... 
 Don't call the police. 
 This'll be the last drop. 
 If y... [ Click, dial tone ] 
 Tao : Got a 661 number. 
 No GPS signal. Can't be traced. 
 661... that's the area code on the prepaid cellphones purchased with Mr. 
 Barlow's credit card, ma'am. 
 At least we know the girl's still alive. 
 But for how long? 
 Flynn : As soon as the last of the ransom is delivered, Emily's as good as dead. 
 [ Cellphone rings ] 
 [ Cellphone beeps ] 
 Mrs. Barlow, this is Captain Raydor. 
 You need to stay out of this! 
 If you or the FBI show up or have anything to... 
 Don't worry, sir. 
 The FBI doesn't get involved in our kidnapping cases unless we ask them to. 
 You've been talking to my wife after I told you not to. 
 Mr. Barlow, dealing with kidnappings on your own is extremely dangerous. 
 And what do you think these people will do if they find out I have been talking to you? 
 "These people." Sir, who are these people? 
 You are endangering the lives of my children! 
 [ Glass shatters ] Mr. Barlow, wait! 
 Anyone else getting the feeling Mr. Barlow knows who the kidnappers are? 
 Should we pick him up? 
 Or do we follow him? 
 Neither. 
 We call D.D.A. Hobbs. 
 No, thank you. 
 I've got the last of the records here with me and enough people to sort through them. 
 Uh-huh. Yeah. 
 Captain Raydor is...? 
 Her office. 
 D.D.A. Hobbs, thank you for expediting all these records of Brian Barlow's court cases. 
 Well, I hope they help. 
 Meanwhile, I have some news about Rusty Beck. 
 Oh? 
 As you know, Rusty's DNA ended up being in the mask he pulled off Phillip Stroh. 
 In our follow-up, the lab found a familial match to the boy in our criminal database. 
 You're saying Rusty has a relative who's a criminal? 
 Paul Dunn. 
 He was arrested for dealing cocaine in San Diego about six years ago. 
 Looks like Rusty's paternal uncle. 
 Paul has an older brother, Daniel Dunn, who, I bet, will test out as Rusty's biological father. 
 And I found the birth certificate, listing Sharon Beck as Rusty's mother, father unknown. 
 It's from a San Diego hospital. 
 Is there any physical evidence saying that that was... 
 [ door opens ] 
 [ Door closes ] 
 Sharon, what if I got my license so that I can drive myself home instead of being picked up by patrol cars all the time? 
 It just... it looks weird, my always riding off with the police. 
 Where you gonna get this car? 
 Okay. What... what about a bus pass, then? 
 And who would look after you at home when I'm at work? 
 Oh, my God. 
 Ordinary people leave their children alone all the time. 
 It's not like I'm a little kid. 
 And isn't it illegal for her to be asking cops to pick me up places? 
 You're a material witness in a murder trial. 
 In a murder trial that never begins. 
 Believe it or not, Rusty, you are not the only issue the city of Los Angeles is dealing with this afternoon. 
 I'm assuming you have homework. 
 They're making us read "Hamlet." 
 That should take some time. 
 Look, what you tell the boy is up to you. 
 I'm not sure the father has any legal standing. 
 And he may know as little about Rusty as Rusty knows about him. 
 Who are you? 
 Um... 
 I can't say. 
 You can't say who you are? 
 Rusty, this way. 
 I'm sorry for the interruption. 
 Rusty : Who is that? 
 He's a sworn civilian police officer. 
 Civilians can be police officers? 
 Really? 
 Uh, well, y... yes. 
 They... 
 [ Sighs ] Man, you people lie about everything. 
 Ma'am, the credit card that was used to buy the barrels and the disposable phones was reported stolen by Barlow three weeks ago. 
 Doesn't mean that he didn't buy them, but he was in court when they were purchased, and he's contesting the charges. 
 
 
 
 Ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please. 
 As everyone knows, I have seen my share of divorce papers. 
 It's true. He has. 
 But I have never seen a filing this thin. 
 There's just something not right. 
 May I introduce you to one Gerald Hall? 
 Wow. 
 Mr. Hall didn't fill out any of the required paperwork... not the statements, not the approvals, not even the custody papers. 
 And when Mr. Barlow helped Susan Hall get a restraining order against her husband, he ignored that, too. 
 Patrol officers had to pull him off of her property twice. 
 But Gerald Hall didn't ignore his guns. 
 They were impounded during the divorce proceedings, and he fought until he got every last one back. 
 What sort of guns are we talking about? 
 There were 58 of them, and 16 of them are high-powered rifles. 
 If we're looking for a heavily armed someone with a grudge... well, let me put it this way... 
 I remember my ex-wives' attorneys far better than I do my marriages. 
 We may be looking for two heavily armed someones. 
 Let's go by Mr. Hall's house and pick him up. 
 Problem. 
 No current address, phone number, either. 
 Well, we may not have an address for the husband, but we have one for the ex-wife. 
 [ Elevator bell dings ] 
 Susan, thank you for agreeing to come down and talk to us. 
 Is this about Gerald? 
 Actually, it's about Brian Barlow. 
 Then it's about Gerald, and I'm not gonna talk badly about him in front of John and Tricia. 
 Of course not. 
 Lieutenant Flynn, would you mind taking Ms. Hall's children to the break room? 
 We'll take good care of them, ma'am. 
 Sure. Right this way, kids. 
 Right this way. 
 Ma'am, let's go to our visitor's conference center. 
 Follow me. 
 3 1/2 years ago, Gerald lost his job. 
 And, uh, then we lost the house. 
 And Gerald... 
 Blamed you. 
 No, he blamed the government, but took it out on me. 
 And after a broken wrist and a concussion, I'd had enough, so I packed up the kids, and, uh... I went to Serenity. 
 Serenity? 
 Serenity... it's a shelter for wives and children of physical abusers, bullies, whatever you want to call them. 
 I should have left the first time he hit me. 
 Oh, your attorney's wife works with domestic-abuse issues. So Serenity's the women's shelter where you met Lori Barlow? Yeah. She's a counselor there and a great friend, and she's... she helped me accept what I needed to do. She asked her husband to take my case... pro bono, which... that means for free. I never could have afforded it otherwise. Seven months later, I was divorced. Still am... no matter what Gerald says. Yes. We saw in the court files he refused to concede to the decree. It's because Gerald considers himself a sovereign citizen. Well, that's not good. Sovereign citizen... is that some sort of militia? Worse. They're a radical anti-government group. They disregard laws, don't pay taxes... don't even stop for red lights. Big player in black-market guns, too. And when he started spouting all that stuff, I didn't want my kids infected with that kind of talk. Do you know where your ex-husband is right now, Susan? Is that what this is all about? Look, I know Gerald's not supposed to come around and that I'm supposed to report it if he does. Have you seen him lately? Yesterday morning. It was after the kids went to school. Gerald came by the apartment, and, uh... and he gave me $20,000 in cash. What was the money for? Two years' back child support. He said he wanted to start spending time with the kids now and then... like, take them to a movie tonight, if I'd let him. Gives his wife $20,000 in cash so she lets her guard down. And then he drives off with their kids. Sir, we need to keep Mrs. Hall and her children here with us. Maybe, uh, put some people around her house in case Gerald stops by again. I don't know what to believe. Where do you suppose your ex-husband I don't know. To be honest, I always thought, if he had that kind of money, he'd just buy more guns. Maybe he decided 58 was enough. 58? That's how many of your husband's firearms were held during the divorce. Gerald had twice that many guns. He was buying more all the time. From where? A dealer, at a store. I don't know. I want that dealer's name. Yes, sir. Where does your ex-husband live? With his father, who has a trailer. They're always moving around, so... Good luck locating him. But if you do... Yes? ... please don't tell my ex-father-in-law I spoke with you. He's twice as crazy as my husband... and twice as violent, too. According to his registrations, captain, Mr. Hall and his father purchased all of his guns in the last three years from a guy named Dale Fisher, who works at a place in North Hollywood called NoHo Guns and Ammo. I bet you this Dale would know how to get in touch with him. But why do they want to buy all these weapons? Normally, I'd say to sell guns to other sovereign citizens, but the volume and the trailer suggest they're running guns south of the border. So he collects money from these multiple ransom drops and uses it to order serious weapons. He can triple his investment by reselling firearms in Mexico. But Gerald wanted to pick up his kids tonight. And he also has another ransom arranged... the last, he says. Obviously, we're at the endgame. My humble opinion... as I've said before, S.I.S. handles most of our kidnapping cases. That means Sykes. Julio here is our weapons guy. I'd send them both to the gun shop, force Fisher to call Gerald and his father, and get them to come there. But what if we grab only one of the Halls at this gun shop and the other one stays behind with Emily Barlow? Hiding in a trailer we know not where. And they bought two 55-gallon drums. Which means they always intended to kill both kids. So the best way to finish this would be to get Gerald to appear at the gun shop and persuade him to help us before his father kills the girl. Persuade him how? Dale Fisher? Detective Sykes, Detective Sanchez. We'd like to ask you about Gerald Hall. Well, sure. Yeah. Good customer. You mean he buys a lot of guns? Look around, lady. I'm not a florist. [ Chuckles ] Yeah. Him and his father buy a lot of guns. So... what? Is Gerald in trouble? 'Cause if he is, you need to know I just sell the guns. Everything I do is legit, I swear. Sir, don't run if you're not being chased. Has Gerald or his father purchased anything from you lately? Yeah. In fact, I got a big order for them coming in this afternoon or tomorrow morning. Why? 21 M4 semiautomatic rifles, 18 AK-47s, 28 shotguns? What do you think they're doing with this many firearms? I don't know. And the second amendment doesn't require me to ask. Sir, you're going to call the Halls and tell them this order has arrived. I don't work for you people. Mr. Fisher, Gerald Hall murdered a young man and sealed him up in a 55-gallon drum as hazardous waste. He's preparing to do that again with a teenage girl. And he's working with someone. And this... this looks like a partnership agreement to me. [ Sighs ] If you don't pick up the phone and call Mr. Hall, I'm arresting you for kidnapping, torture, and murder, and I'm gonna feel great about it. Look, these people are a little crazy, and they are heavily armed. With weapons you sold them. Either pick up the phone or put your hands behind your back and face the wall. Captain? Hmm? I put Susan in the break room with her kids. Any word from the gun store? Still waiting to see if Gerald Hall responds to the message his dealer left him. Meanwhile, we're keeping an eye on the Barlow house and their phones. I finished "Hamlet." So how much longer do I have to be here today? Can you tell me what's going on or not? I, uh... I'm not exactly sure how to explain this. I already know. The guy in my cubicle said that his friend was murdered. Seems pretty broken up about it. Is that true? Yes. His friend and his friend's sister were kidnapped. The friend was murdered. The sister is still alive, and we're trying to rescue her. God. Well, so why are you making that dude think that he's some kind of citizen police officer? The parents of these children know that they were kidnapped, but we've yet to tell them that their son is dead, and we do not want our guest informing them. So you lied to the parents about their son. We withheld information, yes. But you're breaking the rules. No, Rusty, I am not breaking any rules. I'm trying very hard to make decisions that could save another child's life. I'm sorry to interrupt, but, captain, we have another call. Okay. Um, you can play chess on my computer if you've done your homework. Mr. Barlow : Okay. 6:00. Where? Kidnapper : Hollywood Western Metro Station, red line. Okay, the red line. You come alone. You understand me? Yes, I understand. If I even think that someone else is with you, your kids are dead. [ Dial tone ] 6:00. Rush hour. A lot of foot traffic around the train that time of day. Easy to blend in. And the phone? Same as last time... untraceable. We still have a bird's-eye view of the city. We can follow Mr. Barlow to the subway stop... Well, that's all well and good, Buzz, but the drop is being handled underground. We'll need S.I.S. inside and outside the metro everywhere we can put them. Flynn : Nothing's gonna happen to that girl until they get their cash, but then they'll kill her. Provenza : Well, Gerald will go get his guns first, which means it's all up to Sanchez and Sykes. Maybe. "Maybe" is not good enough. Lieutenant Tao, while you're keeping watch on the Barlows, order a tactical rollout for major crimes. I want thermal imaging. I want mobile operations. We need to be prepared for a rescue just in case. [ Door opens ] Should I pull the car around back? We'll take care of it. Where are your keys? [ Dialing ] Want to tell us who you're calling? Or you want to tell us where the Barlow kids are? Fish, what's going on here? I have no idea, Gerald. Concealed weapon. Not good. It's safe, ma'am. Sir, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you by the state. Mr. Hall, I'm Deputy District Attorney Hobbs. I'll be prosecuting you for the murder of Ben Barlow. I have paperwork for you to sign here saying that you are both defending yourself and agreeing to a conviction of kidnapping and first-degree murder. In exchange for taking the death penalty off the table, you will tell us where Emily Barlow is right now. Lady, I don't know what you're talking about. One second. Mr. Hall, we know that you're involved with the kidnapping of Ben and Emily Barlow. We want Emily back alive. Sign these papers and you can save your life and the girl's life, too. Barlow took my kids from me. So what do I care what happens to his? No one in the van. But I found this. Got to be a couple hundred thousand dollars in here. Plus, there were four cases of rifles. Nothing illegal there. You guys got jack. Mr. Hall, I'm in a very big hurry. I do not recognize the authority of the District Attorney or any... Okay! Okay! Detective, since Captain Raydor isn't here and the suspect was armed, I'll leave him to you. See if you can talk him into signing this plea agreement. Mr. Fisher, come with me. [ Handcuffs clicking ] Julio, what are you doing? [ Cloth ripping ] You assaulted me. What? You attacked me, we fought, you tore my shirt, you drew your concealed weapon, tried to kill me. I didn't do anything to you. Oh! Looks like I have to protect my own life. Wait! Whoa! Aah! Whoa, whoa! No! Sanchez, stop! Stop! He's a murderer, and he's never going to help! If the girl's going to die, then he is going to die, too! [ Gun cocks ] Y... you can't do this. [ Stammers ] I know that you killed Ben Barlow. And I know that his sister's alive. You tell me where she's at or I'm going to kill you. Do you understand?! I can't wait to kill you, and I'll get away with it! So you tell me right now where the girl is or you go to hell! It's up here, about 500 meters. 500 meters ahead. Flynn : Copy that, Julio. Thank you. Target is approximately 500 meters west of the van's present location. Where are you people? Woman : Lieutenant, we are 40 minutes from your action. Copy. Okay, S.I.S. is too far away. We can't let julio and Amy drive in there without backup. Detective, I may need to relay orders to Lieutenants Flynn and Provenza, who are all the backup we have right now. Where is my picture? One last adjustment, ma'am. I have your live picture, and your thermal imaging is up and running. You screw this up, Gerald, and I'll kill you. My father's thinking the same thing. I didn't want Barlow's kids to die. None of this was my idea. Right. You just collected the money. I tried to keep my father calm. You people stole his grandchildren. He's not gonna go down easy. Dad's lived his whole life for a moment like this. Me too. Detective Sanchez, someone is in the rear of the trailer on the floor. There is movement. She is alive. Do not hesitate to use force to protect yourself or the hostage. You got the money? Yeah, dad, it's all good. You were supposed to call. What happened? Dad, uh, look... You been made, haven't you? Listen. I'm sorry, you know? The police found me. They came after me... dad! Aah! Is the girl still lying down?! Yes! Act now! Crossfire! Status! I need status! He's down, but I don't know if he's dead. Careful. Watch for trip wires. Hall's dead. Very, very dead. [ Muffled shouting ] Emily, Emily! Aah! Aah! Emily! Emily! You're safe! You're safe! [ Crying ] You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. You're safe. [ Breathing heavily ] So, you saved the girl. Yes, we did. And what about the parents? They gonna be okay? It's impossible to know. We gave them their daughter back, so... we did our best. And now we... can stop for dinner on the way home. How was "Hamlet"? It's long. Hamlet is haunted by the ghost of his father in the first act, and then his father comes back for a minute. And then nothing really happens until the end. So you actually read it. What, you... you think I, like, lied to you? It's you police who lie to everybody, Sharon. Mm. How... how do I know that you won't lie to me if you think it's necessary? I won't lie to you. I promise. I'll tell you everything I know... as soon as I have had a reasonable opportunity to assess the facts. What's this? It's what we're gonna talk about over dinner. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 