Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - Pick Your Poison - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - Pick Your Poison https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18746 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/27/13 13:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - Pick Your Poison 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Beeping ] 
 Client requesting medical assistance at 1459 South Laurel. 
 Major Crimes 02x12 
 Pick Your Poison 
Originally Aired on November 25, 2013 
 [ Beeping ] 
 [ Telephone ringing ] 
 She's not answering her phone. 
 [ Ringing ] 
 Woman : 911. 
 What's your emergency? 
 This is Southland Medical Alert on Fairfax. 
 We have an unresponsive 86-year-old client with a heart condition. 
 Send an ambulance A.S.A.P. to 1459 South Laurel. 
 Patient's name is Pushkin... 
 P-u-s-h-k-i-n. 
 S-h-k-i-n. 
 86 years old with a heart condition and hypertension. 
 Repeat. Be advised. 
 [ Doorbell rings ] We have not been able to establish contact. 
 [ Doorbell rings ] 
 [ Speaking Russian ] 
 Don't move. Don't move. 
 [  Man speaking Russian  ] 
 Oh, my God. 
 Signs of a struggle. 
 More like signs of a party, lieutenant. 
 Probably an overdose. 
 Buzz, memorialize everything in case we have to go after the drug dealer. 
 Buzz : Is the old lady okay? 
 Yes, Buzz. 
 She, uh, doesn't speak much English, but I think she said she heard noises and she woke up to check on her grandkids. 
 Both these boys are her grandkids? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Ye gods. 
 She passed out from the shock, and she clocked her head on the table. 
 Ergo, the bloody mess. 
 Well, somewhere in there, grandma must have pressed the alert-the-troops thingumajig around her neck. 
 That's her med-alert button... 
 Very common among seniors. 
 God, how I hate that word. 
 All right, let's try to identify our victims. 
 Holy crap. They're Russians. 
 Excuse me? 
 The victims just popped up on the state department student visa registry. 
 Konstantin and Alexander Pushkin... 
 15 and 17. 
 Foreign nationals. 
 From Novosibirsk or something... 
 Not far from the Kazakhstan border. 
 Well, that's just what we need. 
 Are they muslims, too? 
 Could be. 
 I haven't seen any Korans or prayer rugs around. 
 Sanchez : Well, no crosses or Jesus stuff, either. 
 Also, no needle marks. 
 Maybe they snorted their party. 
 Whatever they ingested caused seizures and internal bleeding. 
 Tao : What kind of recreational drugs do that? 
 I don't know. 
 Let me think. 
 Let's take this to the lab and find out. 
 Oh, detective! 
 Don't touch that. 
 Back away. Back away! 
 Could be poison. 
 Excuse me? 
 Provenza : Do you need a hearing aid, Flynn? 
 He said it could be poison. 
 What kind of poison?! 
 The kind that leaves people looking like that! 
 [ Air hissing ] 
 [ Beep ] 
 Sorry to drag you in so early. 
 Russian boys and a suspicious white powder? 
 You didn't drag me anywhere. 
 Do we know anything yet? 
 Dr. Morales? 
 One second. 
 Let me just get rid of these gloves. 
 What is this? 
 "Charlie's Angels"? 
 Let's just step out into the hallway, shall we? 
 [ Air hisses ] 
 [ Exhales deeply ] 
 Sharon : I've notified the Russian Consulate. 
 Would you like me to contact Homeland Security, as well? 
 My preliminary opinion is that we're looking at a bad batch of drugs. 
 So, no, let's not make it a Federal case just yet. 
 What kind of drugs? 
 Uh, street name's "Molly." 
 That's powdered ecstasy. 
 Yep, pure MDMA... usually cut with nothing worse than baby laxative. 
 But this time... 
 [ Sighs ] Someone used poison. 
 It's definitely not ricin or strychnine. 
 Don't go anywhere. 
 I'm still working on it. 
 I'm going to be a while. 
 Would you like your security detail to take you to the office, or do you want to wait for me here? 
 Well, uh, hanging out with dead people isn't as fun as it sounds. 
 So, yeah, maybe I'll just go and see you at that big conference about my future. 
 Well... 
 Emma : She's not going to that meeting. 
 And neither am I. 
 What? Why? 
 Chief Taylor would like to discuss your options without us present, and I don't want to put any extra pressure on you. 
 And in my ongoing attempt to be less annoying, I have agreed not to go either. 
 Will we be changing my life even more just because I hid the letters from a crazy person? 
 The letters will be discussed, yes. 
 Then shouldn't my legal guardian be with me, Sharon? 
 Well, in this instance, Lieutenant Provenza will serve as your guardian ad litem. 
 Don't be nervous. 
 You're just going to listen to options. 
 Will one of the options include me going back to real school? 
 Playing chess with an actual human being? 
 Will I have the option to go to the movies or even the bathroom without 24-7 police protection? 
 As a matter of fact, yes. 
 All of those choices are on the table. 
 You just need to decide on your priorities. 
 Angels. 
 We have a toxin. 
 No need to mask up. 
 It's contained. 
 Straight to the murder room, please. 
 Rusty, I'll see you later. 
 I know the way. Thanks. 
 The hypoxia, the chemical burning, and the burst vessels in the lungs all point conclusively to cyanide. 
 If this was a bad batch of drugs, doctor, there could be other deaths. Have you ch... 
 I've checked. 
 So far, this poisoning seems to be an isolated incident, but they may just be the first. 
 What kind of freak would put cyanide in ecstasy? 
 That's a question we need to answer right away. 
 I suggest we get in touch with their high school's buy-guy. 
 Bi-guy? 
 Buy... spelled... 
 B-u-y. 
 B-u-y. 
 An undercover officer who poses as a student and makes drug buys. 
 Oh. You mean a narc. 
 Hey. 
 Officer Cooper. 
 Lieutenant Tao. 
 Officer Cooper. 
 Flynn : Lieutenant Flynn. 
 That guy's a cop? 
 He looks like he's my age. 
 Cooper : Molly's the new drug of choice... 
 Coke is sort of grimy, and weed smells too much. 
 People think Molly's pure. 
 And most of all, they think it's great for s*x. 
 The kids are calling it "Slut Dust." 
 Slut Dust. 
 Oh-kay. 
 Here's the list of the eight dust dealers I know at the school, but I can't say which of them had contact with your victim. 
 Just give me their names. 
 Maybe doing your senior year online isn't so bad after all. 
 My office, young man. 
 Rusty : How many times do I have to tell you guys I am sorry for not giving you the letters? 
 I get it now. I do. 
 Oh, is that why you've given your security detail the slip four times in the last month? 
 Okay, that was only to play chess in the park. 
 I was never in any kind of danger. 
 I promise. 
 I used to live in a car with my mom and one of her loser boyfriends. 
 I used to sleep on the streets. 
 A few crazy letters don't mean Jack to me. 
 Not a few... 
 29 and counting. 
 Whoever this is, he's watching you. 
 He knows where you go, who you go with... 
 Go? I don't... I don't go anywhere, lieutenant. 
 I might as well be, like, a prisoner right now. 
 Criminal have rights, suspects have rights, but witnesses don't? 
 What kind of bullshit is that? 
 I feel like my life is like... 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I just... I feel like my life is being sacrificed so that you all can have a trial. 
 It's tough. 
 We know that. 
 That's why we want to talk to you about all three ways to deal with these threats. 
 Not three ways. 
 Two ways. 
 Three. 
 No. No. No. 
 We agreed on two... first option. 
 The, um... 
 The D.A.'s office has a new identity for you all ready to go. 
 They want to put you in a boarding school someplace fairly far away, like Portland. 
 You'd get financial support and college tuition from the state after graduation. 
 And how long would I be gone? 
 Until the trial, which right now could mean another two years. 
 And would I be able to spend any time with Sharon? 
 Or you? 
 Like, would I be able to see everyone now and again... 
 No. 
 No contact at all. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Okay, what's the second option? 
 You keep living with Captain Raydor under round-the-clock protection with the understanding that if you ever purposely separate yourself from your security detail again, you're gone. 
 Tell me I can trust you, and I will also let go of the officers watching you here in this building. 
 Uh-huh. 
 And the third option? 
 Ah. 
 There is no third option! 
 Think the two you have over. 
 Let us know your decision by tomorrow. 
 You guys already know my decision. 
 There is a third option, damn it. 
 Not while his legal guardian withholds her consent. 
 And Raydor has her own threats to deal with now. 
 Why she would even want to keep the kid under these circumstances, I don't know... 
 Especially with a good school willing to take him on. 
 Will you at least think about the third option? 
 I'll think about it. 
 Thank you. Thank you. 
 Speaking of schools, what about this bad batch of drugs? 
 Have we even arrested a dealer yet? 
 No, but we're rolling up the suspects that our undercover buy-guy, Officer Cooper, identified, arresting every student who was pushing Molly at the school in the most public way possible. 
 We're using electronic sniffers at all their lockers, searching for poison and other contraband. 
 [ Indistinct conversations ] 
 And we've arranged for a no-penalty drop zone, where kids can anonymously turn in their dope, no questions asked. 
 Wait a minute. 
 [ Beep ] Let me rewind this. 
 [ Beep ] Look. 
 Is that girl dropping drugs off, or is she taking them out of the bin? 
 No, they're going in. 
 Hold on... 
 Chris, now, you promised... 
 We promised the student body no police. Is she a cop? 
 She's a detective with major crimes trying to stop students from dying. 
 And you are? Dr. Newman, school counselor. 
 I have a card here, uh, somewhere. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I-I-I meant no disrespect. 
 Um, deaths in the student population can sometimes lead to serious trauma issues. 
 You know what else causes serious trauma? 
 Snorting cyanide up your nose. 
 Pardon me. 
 Mr. Harris, did you know the Pushkins? 
 Uh, not really. 
 As vice principal, I deal with conduct issues, anthose two boys weren't even on my radar. 
 Here. Found it. 
 It also has my cell on it if you need me in a hurry. 
 Thank you, doctor. 
 It's very useful. 
 As school counselor, ever run into anyone who was close to the victims? 
 No, but why don't you talk to the head of our ESL program. 
 She was Konstantin's favorite teacher. 
 If you won't brag about Robyn, I will. 
 She also happens to be my wife. 
 I don't know where to begin. 
 I've been a teacher for six years now, and Konstantin was easily the best student I've ever had. 
 English was his second language? 
 Yes, but he wrote better than the kids who were born here. 
 His father's a major poet in Russia. 
 His mother's a college Professor. 
 But they're both openly opposed to the government, so they sent the boys here to L.A. to... 
 To keep them safe. 
 [ Voice breaking ] 
 It's unspeakable. 
 Did you teach his brother, too? 
 No. 
 But I'm faculty advisor for all the E.L.A. students, so I knew Alexander, just not as well as Konstantin. 
 Were you aware the boys used drugs? 
 No. Could they have had a suicide pact? 
 No. No, that's ridiculous. 
 [ School bell rings ] 
 If you think of anything else I should know, give me a call... day or night. 
 And I'm... very sorry. 
 [ Whimpers ] Wait. 
 Wait... I saw Konstantin's little brother, Alex, arguing with a boy in the cafeteria last week. 
 They didn't throw punches, but they shoved each other. 
 Do you know this boy? 
 He's a very smart kid. 
 I can't believe that he would ever... 
 What's his name? 
 Ian. 
 Ian Yorita. 
 Ian Yorita. 
 Why did you skip school today, Ian? 
 I was sick to my stomach. 
 Flynn : Hmm, funny. 
 That's the symptom most people get when they're about to be arrested for murder. 
 I'm third in my class. 
 I carry a 4.0 average. 
 I made the early admissions cut at Stanford. 
 Do I look like a killer to you? 
 So, what do you cut your drugs with, Mr. Early Admissions? 
 I don't cut them with anything. 
 I don't do drugs. 
 You know what I can't understand? 
 English? Logic? 
 Statistics and probability? 
 I don't understand why your number shows up in our victim's cellphone under the name "Molly." 
 By the way, the Molly from your car matches up with the drugs we found at the crime scene. 
 Nobody O.D.s on Molly. It's totally safe. 
 It's way less harmful than alcohol. Oh, yeah... Molly, white wine. Molly, white wine. Oh, so you sell Molly for its health benefits? I'm not a dealer. I buy in bulk to mitigate my overhead. And I give it, at cost, to my friends. Officer Cooper, this young man claims that he gives away Molly to minors. Is the term for that "philanthropy"? No, ma'am. It's "felony," and it's a lie. You're a narc? Uh-huh. And you charged me for my drugs. And we're not friends. Why did you fight with Alex Pushkin last week? I didn't fight with him. Look, I liked Alex. I never sold him anything. We have his brother's cellphone. Konstantin texted every other weekend to make a buy. Okay, just for the sake of argument, let's assume that, even though he had a genius I.Q., Konstantin was too stupid to erase incriminating texts. Why would I O.D. a reliable customer? So, what was your beef. With his little brother? Did you really just say beef? What is this? A cop film from the '60s? Okay, here's the beef. I took my girlfriend to a party at Konstantin's grandma's house, which is where we like to hang out, 'cause Grandma Pushkin's, like, deaf... And in bed after "Jeopardy!" So, we're hanging out, and Alex tries to pick up my girl right in front of me, which was pretty rude. So, yeah, I was still mad at him when I saw him at school the next day. I go up to him. I tell him he's a tool. And to prove it, he pushes me. I push him back, and then I forgot about it. So, you killed him because he tried to hook up... I didn't kill anybody. No, you thought, "I'll supply them with drugs. I'll dump a little poison in the bag and that will teach him to steal my girlfriend." Is that it? You know, maybe I should take your little warning more seriously and get myself a lawyer. Careful, Captain. If you formally request a lawyer, I will formally arrest you. And I'll formally let the admissions people at Stanford know about it. Sanchez : Ian. You need to think this through. You want to change your whole life today, or do you want to cooperate? Fine. Forget the lawyer. Let's just get this over with. Okay. What's your girlfriend's name? Oh, no, no, no. Leave her out of this. I'll go through our dealer's burner phone. Shouldn't take too long. Okay, where do you get your drugs from? Burner phone, huh? You can't really expect me to answer that. Smarter than he looks. Why don't I just shoot myself instead? Who supplies you with your product? I forget. Maybe jail will help you remember. You said you weren't arresting me. I changed my mind. Charge him with felony distribution, and we will work our way up to murder. No, no, you people have the wrong guy! Well, you'll do for now. Mr. Early Admissions, against the wall, put your hands behind your back. And now you can have a lawyer. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed for you by the state. I checked L.A., Ventura, Riverside, and Orange County, and there are no more deaths associated with Molly overdoses. This is looking increasingly like someone's targeting those boys specifically. Well, at their age, there's a girl involved... if not our dealer's girlfriend, then someone else maybe. Cooper : So, what's the next move, captain? One second. How did your meeting with Chief Taylor and Lieutenant Provenza go? It was great. Oh. I figured out my option three. What option three? You only have two options. No... option one is keeping things the same, option two is jumping into the Witness Protection program, and then there's catching this guy who's writing me all the letters, right? That has to be option three. A-and what's the best way to catch someone who's looking for me? We both know. You are not old enough to participate in a police action. My whole life is a police action. And will you please let me see the new letters that have come in, please, so I could at least know how serious to take this? That is not even a possibility. They were written to me. Okay, if you don't let me read the letters, then I'm going to the boarding school. There are definite pluses to boarding school, Rusty. I would love to have you... Sharon, how can you even say that?! You just said it, young man. Yes, yes, I said it, but it... It's just... it's not fair, Sharon. I've got nothing to negotiate with here. Look, all I want to do is... is go back to school and... and to play chess with an actual human being, and... I don't know... maybe talk to someone my own age. I offered to let Kris visit, and her parents told me... Never, never, and stop talking about Kris. It only makes me mad. Rusty, she may have saved your life. I don't care. Oh. Excuse me. I couldn't help but overhear. Yes? I could go to school with the kid. No one would know I wasn't a student. I'm trained in anti-surveillance techniques that could help. After your stint as a buy-guy, don't you have to go immediately on patrol? The police have bi-guys? What? Uh, b-u-y, as in buys drugs from teenage dealers. I can't hang out with a narc. Sorry. I'm a narc who plays chess. Right. I'm good. Great. Show me. Captain, I tracked down the girlfriend of Mr. Early Admissions, and she confirms his story about Alexander Pushkin. But S.I.D. found some kind of surprising prints at the crime scene. There may be another woman involved. What did I say? And she left physical evidence all over the older boy's room, including fingerprints. These prints come back to anyone? Robyn Harris, the kid's English teacher... Married, 11 years older than him. His teacher was in his bedroom? Not only his bedroom, but in his bed. We have a pristine set of thumb prints on the headboard and finger and palm prints wrapped around the top and the back as if she was gripping on... No, I get the picture. Lieutenant. Provenza : Oh, it gets worse. S.I.D. identified Mrs. Harris' prints on the bag containing the poisoned drugs. Option three, lieutenant? Really? Can we talk about that later? Hmm. 
 
 Flynn : Captain, we confirmed the print match to Mrs. Harris, who was arrested at an antiwar protest in 2003. It is definitely her. Sharon : Lieutenant Tao, could we please expedite S.I.D.'s print check on the bags of Molly that we found in the back of the dealer's car? Lieutenant Provenza, school is out. Check. Would you arrest Mrs. Harris, search her house? And, everyone, take precautions. I don't want anyone coming back with a bad case of cyanide. Checkmate. Wow. Did your anti-surveillance course teach you more than thinking just two moves ahead? [ Sirens wailing ] [ Tires screech ] All right, clear the place. Be double careful about what you touch, and don't open anything unless you have somebody from S.I.D. helping you. [ Beeping ] Buzz? Do I have to wait for Tao to look at this computer, or can you access this woman's search history for me? [ Beeping ] [ Beep ] What the hell? Why are you tearing our house apart? You people have no right to be here doing this. Anticipating your dismay, the judge was kind enough to give us a warrant. Ah, Mrs. Harris, I think you know Amy Sykes? Mrs. Harris, you're under arrest. You're arresting me? For what? Answer me. Why are you arresting her? Doing our job. This way, Mrs. Harris. Well, I'm going with her. I don't think so. What... are you people out of your mind? She didn't do anything. Robyn, I'm gonna call my brother right now. Oh, my God, Chris. You have the right to remain silent. Listen, I'm calling Mick right now, okay? You better damn well follow this warrant to the letter. My brother's an attorney. You have my condolences. Now, stand there until we finish, or your brother's gonna be representing you, too. Robyn :  Yes, I spent time in the Pushkins' house. I went over there to help the boys study and to... to check on their welfare. They were very lightly supervised. Did you help them study in bed? Because we found your fingerprints on Konstantin's headboard. My prints were on his headboard because I helped Konstantin set up his room. I'm sure you found my prints on his desk, as well. Oh, yeah. [ Cellphone vibrating ] Yes, Detective Sanchez. Our suspect's brother-in-law is a lawyer who's running around saying that our warrant is excessively broad, and he's trying to stop the search. Can I arrest him, ma'am? He should be arrested. Well, have you tried to explain the situation to him? For 10 minutes. Listen... what we're searching for when we find it! I guarantee you, I will move to quash anything... anything that you seize. Quash away, counselor. Quash away! But while you're here, don't move and shut up. Lieutenant. Lieutenant. Well, it sounds like you got the situation under control now, Julio. If the lawyer gives you any more trouble, just call me back. Sykes :  You should also know that we seized Konstantin's computer,  and we've accessed his e-mail. I don't see why that should be a problem. Well, you probably asked him to delete the love letters. So, maybe you thought that they were all gone. But nothing on your computer is ever really gone. 'Cause, you see, our tech guy... he's kind of a whiz. I wouldn't say "Whiz"... "Up to date," maybe. I'd say Whiz. [ Chime ] Hmm. Fingerprint analysis on the drug baggies. Can you believe YouTube has a video called "How to cook cyanide"? The Internet is more dangerous than guns. This process seems a little more complicated than what you could do in a kitchen. If you have read all of our e-mails, I'm sure that you found some phrases that read like sexual innuendo. And I admit, I should not have used those phrases with a student. But try and think of my correspondence with Konstantin more like creative writing exercises. Hey. Hey! Is this building out back locked? Yes. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. The guest house is not on the warrant. It's my wife's studio. She makes pottery. Why? Open the door, or we'll break it down. Sykes : "I have to see you. I need to feel you inside me. The V. P."... I assume this refers to your husband, the Vice Principal. "The V.P. is going to church "with his brother on Sunday night. "Put granny to bed early. X-O-X-O. P.S. I'll pay for the dust if you get condoms." Wow. Flynn :  It sounds a little more practical  than most fantasies, Mrs. Harris. [ Beeping ] [ Rapid beeping ] [ Rhythmic beeping ] [ Buzzer sounding ] You know, these two boys... They were murdered with the same slut dust that you mention in your email. [ voice breaking ] I would never harm a child. Oh, yeah? Well, in addition to the bedstead, your prints were found on the baggie that the drugs came in. You had an affair with a student. He broke it off. You got angry. No. No. Flynn : Oh, yeah. Maybe his younger brother found out, threatened to expose you, so you poisoned them both. These are my prints? They were my prints on the bag? Really? Really? I don't understand why she's not asking for a lawyer. We have her. Taylor : For statutory rape and molestation, but do we have her for murder? Sharon : The chief is right. Our drug dealer's prints are all over the plastic bags of Molly we took from the back of his car, but they are not on the bags the Pushkin brothers had? No, they only had the boys' prints and those of Mrs. Harris. [ Dialing ] Something you want to say? I didn't do this. Hi, Lieutenant Provenza... are you still conducting your search? Yes, captain... we just found a little treasure trove of sealed poison hidden in our pretty, young teacher's home art studio. I am not surprised, and I'm considering the fingerprint report, and the vast amount of evidence that you have uncovered at her residence. I think it's fortunate that her husband's brother is an attorney. Could you put him on the phone? Our school teacher's going to need someone to talk to in confidence and right away. Wait a minute. You're helping our murder suspect lawyer up? Yes. Are you sure she's in the right place to deal? Oh, she is in the perfect place, Emma. And, if I'm right, we're getting the perfect lawyer to help her tell us the truth. Trust me. She'll make a deal. I would never. They're on their way up, captain. Buzz, do you need me to stall? [ Sighs ] If you can buy me two more minutes, Captain, that would be great. Okay. [ Elevator bell dings ] You must be the Harris brothers. I am Captain Raydor, and this is Lieutenant Tao. So, which one of you is the vice principal, and which one of you is the... Michael Harris. I'll be representing Robyn. When can I see my wife? At her arraignment, which will be approximately 41 hours from now. Arraignment? Oh, my God. She's being charged? - If you don't mind, I'd like to... Robyn didn't have anything to do with it... W-whoa, hold on, Chris. I'll handle it. All right, what are the charges against Robyn? Mr. Harris, how long have you been married? How long have we...? What are the charges? Eight years. Eight years. And where did you meet? At the dentist's office, and it's not a suspicious story at all. In fact, it's kind of a funny story... Robyn was an undergrad, I was finishing my masters in administration... What the hell does this have to do with anything? We're trying to ease your brother into the bad news, but if you prefer bluntness... Mr. Harris, we are arresting your wife for two counts of first-degree murder, s*x with a minor, and felony distribution of narcotics. Tao : Sir, if you'd come with me to our break room while your brother counsels your wife. Wait, wait, wait. What about spousal privilege? I mean, don't I have the legal right to see her? No, privilege means that you and your wife cannot be forced to testify against each other or to reveal private conversations. Detective. This way to your client, sir. Chris, let me get to the bottom of this, okay? Just go and wait. Go. I can't believe you mentioned option three. Taylor : Captain, hear the lieutenant out. You cannot keep this kid locked in your condo forever. You think Rusty will stay with the security detail one second longer than he has to? Or that he's over his mother enough that he won't just suddenly pull up stakes and vanish if things don't get better? Because in four months, he turns 18, and I'm afraid you're gonna be very surprised. I've been thinking about it, Captain, and finding the guy making these threats should be our first priority, and that investigation has stalled. Now, the operational value of putting Rusty on the street is worth the risk, and we should use him while we can. I don't care about his operational value. My primary concern as his mother is... As his guardian... Is to keep him safe. That's the fiction parents fall back on, thinking that we, somehow, can keep our children safe. It's impossible. Look at those dead boys we found this morning. Their parents sent them away to protect them. How did that work out? Forget about Rusty. This lunatic is making threats against you, too. Those threats are ridiculous. I am the only thing standing between Rusty and the witness protection program. Okay, let's get back to the boy. What do you think he'd want to do, given the chance? Help. He'd want to help. Uh, call me cynical... everybody does... but when a teenager wants to do something... I mean really, really wants to do something... It's a perfect opportunity for a parent... or a deal-maker... to negotiate concessions. Sharon, we know what Rusty wants from us, but what do you want from him? [ Sighs ] I can represent your wife, Chris, but I can't represent you, too. I have a conflict. What do you mean, "a conflict"? I don't want an outsider handling this. By a conflict, Chris,  i mean you. My conflict is you. Me? How? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Your wife's more than reasonable doubt is you. It's you. I don't understand. You bought her the computer  where they found  the Internet searches  for the cyanide. You were a science teacher before you became an administrator. You have been mixing chemicals in your bedroom since you were 11 years old! My God, Chris. How... They were boys! I mean, God... I mean, you've always been a little freak, but none of us ever thought that you could... God almighty, Chris! We are tiptoeing right to the edge of the constitution, eavesdropping in on an attorney and his client. He's not the client... his wife is. It doesn't feel right. Conversations with her lawyer are sacrosanct. Her husband's conversations with his brother are not. Mick, you've got this all wrong. You're not even asking for my side of the story. No, I don't have it wrong, and you don't have a side! Now, you listen... Robyn doesn't want to testify against you, but she will if you blame her for this. Robyn doesn't want to testify against me? That's touching. What could she say? That you took one of the plastic bags that she uses to store her art supplies, replaced it with drugs that you laced with poison, and then exchanged it for one just like it in Konstantin's locker, which is, I am sure, exactly what you did. And you would believe a story like that from a woman who's a child molester, who did ecstasy with a minor? She says she loved him. Let me tell you her version of love. That boy was 16 years old when she started screwing him! That's not love! They did ecstasy together, and she was screwing her students while the rest of our family was at mass! Remember when she stopped going to church on Sunday nights? It was to see the kid! So this is why you got Mr. Harris to bring in his brother to represent the suspect. Sharon : If Robyn Harris is as smart as everyone thinks she is, why would she keep poison in her house and evidence on her laptop? And who else could manage to plant a plastic bag with her fingerprints on it somewhere? Harris found out what his wife was up to... Probably by reading her e-mails on the computer he bought her. Not to mention, he has keys to all the kids' lockers. He opened them for us during our search this morning. Buzz : The controls for the school's cameras are in his office. He can turn them on and off. Anyway, I'm giving you fair warning. I am representing Robyn. You need to get some serious help... not just a lawyer, but a psychiatrist... and I would get that all in order before Robyn's arraignment. You're choosing her over me? I'm your brother. I'm your brother. That's something I can't fix. Goodbye, Chris. [  Door opens  ] [  Door closes  ] Detective Sanchez, Lieutenant Tao, could you please go arrest Chris Harris? And what do we do with his wife? Given that she had s*x with a minor, Captain, I think it might be easier for you if I dealt with her. Would you like me to wrap this up? Actually, that would be very nice. Thank you. You're going to jail, Mrs. Harris. The only question is, for how long? She didn't kill those boys. No, but when she decided to start having s*x with a minor, she created a motive for murder. [ Voice breaking ] No, I-I didn't decide anything. It just happened. I knew it was wrong. But at the time... it felt true. My brother was a jerk. All right, she was lonely. Trust me. She was lonely. And age isn't always so fixed. Have you read any of Byron's poetry? He was involved with a much younger girl... Save the English lecture for the jury. I'm sure they'll be very impressed. On the other hand, they might feel like me, and I'm too disgusted to stay in the same room with you. Excuse me. [ Door slams ] Okay, what's the deal here? In exchange for your testimony, we will agree to a reduced sentence of four years for distribution of drugs to a minor. I don't want to go to prison. Listen to me. You take this to court, you lose all day long, and then when you get out, you're a s*x offender. Is that what you want? It was... in the moment. At the time, it was love. Uh-huh. Fine. It was love. Write that down. And include what love made you do, and what your husband knew about it, and when. [ Sighs ] Why do they have to follow me around here, Sharon? That is literally crazy. Because every time you've given them the slip, it's been from here. To play chess in the park, which is so close. Look, Sharon, I won't do that anymore, and I won't even pretend like I want to go to boarding school, but can we at least have some kind of honest conversation about my option three? I'm just... I'm just really lonely, and I don't feel like hiding for the rest of my life. Rusty, you need to understand that option three would involve you going back out on the street. Yeah, with a bunch of undercover cops looking out for me, and we might actually be able to catch this freak who has been threatening me, Sharon. Please let me do it. But as your guardian... Oh, my God. Wait a minute. I am not saying no to all this. As your guardian, I need to be sure that you are willing to do what is required. Oh, I-I am... I am so willing. Just let me know what you need me to do, and I-I will do it. Undergo an evaluation by a therapist. What is it with you and the mental-health industry? I need to be sure that you can handle the stress. Handle the stress? What do you think I'm doing now? Handle the stress? Are you kidding me? Okay, Rusty. This evaluation is a non-negotiable stipulation, and it is for the city, as well. Okay. Okay. Fine. I will be evaluated by a stupid therapist, but can I make a... what do you call it... a stipulation of my own? And that would be? I will be evaluated if it is by someone who understands my most important issue right now... And someone who is willing to deal with that issue. So, you'd like a therapist who's willing to... to talk... A therapist who's willing to... My God, Sharon, how hard can it be to say? What is the one thing about me that everyone around here knows? I want a therapist who can play chess, Sharon... And really good chess, too, not just, like, chess from the '80s. All right. Okay. I can do that. I can find a therapist who can play chess. Great. Good. Congratulations, Sharon. You win again. [ Sighs ] You always end up getting exactly what you want. I'm only agreeing to do this because I love you. You know that, right? I do. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 