Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - D.O.A. - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - D.O.A. https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18739 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/09/13 19:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - D.O.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Crickets chirping ] 
 [ Clattering ] 
 [ Thud ] 
 [ Doorknob rattles ] 
 [ Gasps ] 
 There's someone in the house. 
 [ door opens ] 
 [ Telephone rings ] 
 [ Beep ] 
 Jack : Raydor residence. 
 Uh, well, she's asleep at this moment, but... This is her husband. 
 May I ask who's calling? 
 Oh... 
 [ clang ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 I surrender. [ Chuckles ] 
 Jack, what are you doing here? 
 I have a key, remember? 
 [ Scoffs ] Provenza: Captain, hello? 
 Hello? 
 Hello, captain? 
 Oh, Provenza for you. 
 I can't believe he's still around. 
 Captain, hello? Hello. 
 Captain, I'm sorry to wake you. 
 Uh, but we caught a late-nighter. 
 Uh, wh-why us? 
 Well, it's all about the view. 
 We're up on Mulholland, where we had one body, male, unidentified, shot, D.O.A. At the hospital. 
 What's wrong? 
 Well, I've got a watch commander from Hollywood division who won't hold the perimeter! 
 But he's a Lieutenant like me, so I can't boss him around. 
 Okay, put him on. 
 Jack, what are you doing here at 3:00 A.M. without calling me? 
 Who calls at 3:00 A.M.? 
 Her husband answered the phone. 
 No kidding? 
 Good old Jack Raydor. 
 You know, it's a shame when he moved to Vegas, huh? 
 What? I liked him. 
 Oh, Rusty... 
 Sharon, who the hell is this? 
 Took the words right out of my mouth, young fella. 
 Uh, careful where you point that lamp. 
 Uh, uh... I'm Jack, Sharon's husband. 
 I was gonna take a few things to... 
 I guess it's your room now... and, um, it was locked, so I came back to the kitchen to put my food in the fridge. 
 My, uh, almond milk, soy milk, and... what? Are you moving in or something? 
 Well... no. 
 No. 
 I, uh [Sighs] got myself on the court-appointed attorneys list here. 
 You did? Uh-huh. 
 You are moving back to L.A.? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 It... it's hard to be gluten-free in Nevada and I thought, um, I might bunk with you for a few nights until I find my own place. 
 You can stay on the couch for the two nights that I usually give you. 
 Oh, well, uh, "a few" usually means three or more, doesn't it? 
 No. No. Okay, okay, okay. 
 It's for you. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Man : Hello. Oh. 
 [ Clears throat ] 
 Uh, hello. Uh... [ Stammers ] 
 E-e-excuse me. 
 Rusty, put my lamp back and go to bed. 
 Captain, are you there? Hello. 
 Captain, as I explained to your Lieutenant, I can't approve the cost of keeping 32 officers on scene. 
 Okay, listen to me. 
 You will hold the perimeter as long as Lieutenant Provenza wants you to, or tomorrow you will be working traffic in Northridge. 
 Do you understand me? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 [ Siren chirps ] 
 Provenza : Thank you, captain. 
 I think our witness is back from his ride in the ambulance. 
 Uh, get some sleep. 
 I will do my best. 
 Good night, Lieutenant. 
 [ Beep ] 
 The couch? Good night, Jack. 
 Really? 
 Sykes : The Mustang is registered to a Susan Adler, but it hasn't been reported stolen. 
 Our victim might have known her. 
 That's a great point, sir. 
 I'll have patrol go to her house. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Dr. Field, thank you, sir, for coming back. 
 I had to pick up my car anyway. 
 Let's start with your drive up here. 
 Can you show us where you first saw the shooter? 
 Yeah, uh, sure. 
 Um, I heard gunshots as I was, uh, driving this way... two, I think, uh, spaced slightly apart. 
 And I think I was, uh, about here, and, uh, the guy with the gun was there. 
 Flynn? 
 So, doc, did you, uh, see his face by any chance? 
 I should have. 
 He was heading this way on foot. 
 My headlights hit him dead on. 
 Look, the truth is, I noticed the gun first, and I didn't want him to see me looking too closely, so I looked away. 
 Hey. It's more common than you think. 
 Listen, doc, uh, do you know anything about blood-pressure meds? 
 I mean, you know, how safe they are? Stuff like that. 
 Well, no medication is completely safe. 
 For high blood pressure, I usually recommend diet, exercise... he's done all that crap. 
 The pill he's on will work just fine. 
 So, doctor, you were driving this way. 
 And, uh, as I got to this car here, I saw the other guy, uh, trying to stand, covered in blood. 
 God. 
 Tao : The victim was shot in the car, he got out... 
 And ended up here in front of the hood? 
 Yeah. I guess. 
 I would have stopped, but, uh, when I checked my rearview mirror, the guy with the gun was still there. 
 In the same spot? 
 Uh, no. 
 He was closer to the edge. 
 It looked like he was throwing something. 
 Probably tossed his weapon. 
 It's a good starting position for the article dog. 
 I'll mark it. Detective Sanchez, over here. 
 Provenza : And then, doctor? 
 Field : Yeah, uh... 
 I saw the guy with the gun run off, and, uh, I pulled over, I called 911, and I rode with him to the hospital in the ambulance. 
 If it had only gotten here quicker... is this the man who you tried to help? 
 Uh, yeah, that looks like him. 
 Mark Urband. 
 Yeah, I doubt it. 
 We also found these... bunch of phony driver's licenses. 
 Same face, different names. 
 Well, that's great. 
 Did the, uh, the victim tell you his name? Sorry. 
 He passed out on the street. 
 He never regained consciousness. 
 Notice anything that would help us identify him? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 His... his fingertips were burnt. 
 Uh, crack, probably. 
 I work the E.R. 
 I see a lot of that. 
 Uh, well, thank you, doctor. 
 You... you did really well. 
 [ Sighs ] Let's have you make a statement for patrol, uh, so you can get home. 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 We're thinking drug deal gone bad, right? 
 I'm thinking that we need to find out who our victim is. 
 Morales : His real name is Rodney Harwood, and he's a multi-state felon. 
 Looks like Mr. Harwood's served time in several prisons, most recently on cocaine possession three years ago. 
 Did 16 months. 
 Kept out of trouble since. 
 Till last night. [ Sighs ] 
 Here. I got you a coffee. Now? 
 Oh, no. 
 I mean... No, thank you. 
 You know what? 
 I'll... I'll take that. 
 [ Chuckling ] 
 I'm a little tired. 
 Thank you. 
 Lieutenant Provenza noted in his report that the victim's hands were... my giveaway he's an addict. 
 See these black marks on his thumb and index finger? Mm-hmm. 
 From smoking crack. 
 Drug use also shows up in the mouth. 
 Dehydration dries out the saliva glands. 
 Well, it rots teeth faster. 
 Oh, God. 
 Hmm. You okay? Yes. 
 Just taking it all in. 
 Impressive... Explanation. 
 Now, the crime-scene report says Mr. Harwood was shot in a car, but I think that's only half the story. 
 There's some interesting wound variations. 
 I'd say this is your first injury. 
 Right side of the chest... bullet traverses straight across. 
 Mm. By the way, Rios, this is not a good floor to faint on. 
 Now, it looks like the victim started out in the driver's seat, your killer in the passenger seat, but the second gunshot wound is from front to back and at a steep... ooh... downward trajectory. 
 There's also fresh abrasions and bruising on his knees. 
 So you think the second shot came... when he was dragged out of the car. 
 Now, the third bullet wound. 
 Oh, my God. What? Third? 
 Our witness and the paramedics said there were only two gunshots. 
 Last night, but if you look here... 
 The scarring indicates 6 to 10 weeks ago, a bullet was fired into Mr. Harwood's leg at close range. 
 Someone  really didn't like this guy. 
 Here's a fragment from the wound. 
 Provenza : Well, it's too small to tell us anything. 
 It's a shame the guy had the rest of the bullet removed. 
 Emma : We should check if Harwood went to any hospitals in the last two months. 
 Under what name? 
 Given the number of phony ID's the guy had, we could be running down fake identities till next Christmas. 
 We lifted prints from the car... 
 8 identifiable, 32 partial. 
 But that's just the beginning. 
 Yeah, well, skip to the end, please. 
 The article dog found the gun right where our witness said it would be... down the hill. 
 The killer wiped it clean, but he left his fingerprints on the clip. 
 Prints belong to a Jim Gilmer. 
 Okay, so where is he? 
 Dead. 
 [ Printer beeps ] Dead? What? 
 That's right. 
 Our probable killer, the late Jim Gilmer, went missing when he was released from Plymouth state penitentiary in Massachusetts in June of 1998. 
 His family petitioned for a death certificate in '05. 
 Boston PD did a missing-persons investigation, and a court declared him dead in 2006. 
 Well, it feels like they were a little hasty. 
 Our victim, Rodney Harwood, did time at Plymouth, too... 
 1996 to 2001. 
 So Harwood and Gilmer knew each other from prison. 
 And all we have on Gilmer is a mug shot from 15 years ago. 
 All right, so we're chasing a ghost. 
 1998 till now. 
 That is a huge gap. 
 We'll need Boston PD to fill in the blanks. 
 Where does someone go for 15 years to disappear? 
 Jack : Have you tried Vegas? 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 And so, this one runs in like he's gonna take my head of with a lamp. 
 And then Sharon, oh yeah she... 
 She's got her weapon on me like this. 
 Taylor : I hear you. 
 Captain, in the old days, we would have sent a couple of detectives to Boston to find out more information about how this Jim Gilmer disappeared, but I can't break my budget to dig up background information on someone who's officially dead. 
 It is imperative that we talk to people who knew Gilmer. 
 He may have altered his appearance or his identity, but old friends could tell us things about him that would have been harder for him to change. 
 Such as? What he loves, what he hates. 
 You know Gilmer hated Harwood, because he killed Harwood... right here in Los Angeles, I might add. 
 Have you established a connection between your victim and your ghost? 
 They were both in the same prison at the same time in Massachusetts, which means that the identity-theft technique practiced by our victim could also be known by our suspect. 
 Mr. Gilmer could be disappearing again as we speak. 
 So the faster I send Lieutenant Flynn to Boston, the better we've got... oh, no, no, no, no, no. 
 We're not doing that. 
 But I do have connections with Boston PD... 
 [ Beep ] and I will have Gilmer's missing-persons file faxed to your murder room. 
 Deputy Superintendent Keppler, please. 
 [ Knock on window ] 
 Jack looks much less stressed than the last time I saw him. 
 Getting back on the court-appointed list should help give him a fresh start. 
 For the 100th time. Yeah. 
 Not a terrific husband, I guess, but lots of natural charm. 
 None of which he wasted on raising his children. 
 And, oddly enough, charm doesn't pay for college. 
 [ Chuckles ] Excuse me. 
 And so, he says to me, "how'd you like to get in the thoroughbred business?" 
 He couldn't tell a good bet from his ass. 
 Is this the one about the horse who had the heart attack at the starting gate and died? 
 [ Laughing ] Yes. 
 Except usually I get a laugh when I get to that part. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. 
 Hey. There was something I needed to talk to you about. 
 What is it? 
 Uh, well, I don't know. 
 Maybe you're busy right now. 
 We could... actually, I am. 
 Detective Sanchez, have Buzz and Lieutenant Flynn returned yet from the victim's apartment? 
 They're on their way back now, ma'am. 
 Sykes : And patrol still hasn't found Susan Adler, the owner of the car our victim was in, but we're camped outside her apartment. 
 Thank you, Amy. 
 Jack, I'm so sorry you have to run. 
 Rusty, this way, please. 
 Jack : Oh, yeah, well, okay. 
 Yeah, um, sorry, guys. 
 I shouldn't be taking up all your time. 
 See you again soon, maybe. 
 Yeah, uh, farewell, and keep fighting the good fight. 
 Yeah. Goodbye. 
 Bye. 
 You know, I don't mind sleeping on the couch if Jack wants my bed. 
 It's close to the TV. 
 And it's closer to the front door, which is why Jack is going to stay exactly where he is. 
 I don't want him getting too comfortable. 
 What's the deal with you two? 
 I mean, why are you still married if he doesn't even... well, there are financial issues, there are religious issues, and there are some things that... I can't explain. 
 And none of it is really any of your business. 
 Okay, well, that's not fair, Sharon, because you want me to tell you everything. 
 Rusty, do not get attached to Jack. 
 He only stays as long as it takes for him to get what he wants. 
 But he's looking for an apartment. 
 So he says. 
 Flynn : Captain? Hmm? 
 Susan Adler's in interview 1. 
 You  found her? 
 I thought patrol was waiting outside of her residence. 
 Well, you can call them off. 
 Susan is the victim's girlfriend. 
 She was in his apartment high as a kite. 
 [ Sighs ] Captain, I have video from our search ready to review. 
 Okay. 
 Flynn : This is your typical drug-addict apartment until you get to the electronics section. 
 "Buzz: 60" LCD TVs, iPads, cameras... all new. 
 Crackhead investment portfolio. 
 He'd pawn everything the second the drugs ran out. 
 We also found more ID's, birth certificates, social-security cards, some of which Rodney probably stole from people with his .32 Beretta tucked under his mattress. 
 Ballistics is processing it now. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 Chief Taylor says you'll have the Boston file on our ghost by this time tomorrow. 
 Thank you, Amy. 
 Uh, captain, crackhead Susan? 
 Crackhead Susan? 
 The victim's girlfriend, Susan Adler. 
 She's crashing. 
 If we don't talk to her soon, we're gonna lose her. 
 Then why don't you and Detective Sanchez get some words out of her before she bottoms out. 
 Drugs? What... what drugs? Huh? 
 If Rodney was involved in drugs, I would have broken up with him, okay? 
 Well, what was Rodney doing last night? 
 [ Sighs ] He worked odd hours. 
 So do you have any idea who Rodney was meeting up on Mulholland Drive? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Probably meeting Vince. 
 Yeah, Vince is, um... he's, uh, like Rodney's boss. 
 So Vince is Rodney's supplier? 
 Supplier? Like drugs? 
 [ Laughs ] 
 I told you I'm not into drugs, okay? 
 I am a U.C.L.A. Graduate. 
 Does this Vince have a last name? 
 It's, uh, Webb. Vince Webb. 
 Can I just run an errand really quick? 
 I'll come right back. Uh, no. 
 Have you met this Vince Webb? 
 N-not really met. 
 I mean, he, uh... he came by Rodney's apartment late last night, and he took his, uh... his laptop and he vanished. 
 Can you describe Mr. Webb? 
 Look, I don't... 
 [ sighs ] 
 I don't know. Didn't see him. 
 I'm just... just tired. 
 Hey! 
 What?! Susan, you need to stay with us here! 
 I am with you. Okay? I am. 
 I can't find a Vincent Webb on any criminal database or the phonebook. 
 Could be Webb's our ghost using an alias. 
 Check the contacts in the victim's cellphone. 
 A month before last, Rodney kind of...  you know, he screwed up a little bit at work, and, um... Look, Vince... 
 Vince shot him, okay? 
 He shot him! 
 He is scary! 
 Do you hear me?! 
 He is scary, okay?! 
 I can't... I can't... you know, I can't help you. 
 I am a law-abiding citizen, okay? 
 I am a law... okay. 
 I am. Okay, okay. 
 Okay, you're crashing pretty hard, so we'll take a break, but you're gonna have to take a good, long look in the mirror. 
 Okay, Susan? 
 Because the only person you're fooling is you. 
 [ Sniffles ] 
 Provenza : This Vince Webb sounds like a drug supplier. 
 And as a rule, drug suppliers don't like it when their dealers use a lot of product. 
 But Mr. Harwood must have been selling most of his drugs. 
 How else could he finance his little shopping spree? 
 Identity theft can be very lucrative. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 I found a phone number for Vince Webb on the victim's cell, but that's it. 
 I've started a warrant to the provider, asking for an address. 
 Well, if this Webb guy figures out that we're coming for him, and he really is our ghost... 
 He could disappear again, and he's armed and dangerous. 
 We need to kick this up a notch. 
 I want S.I.S. on a full tactical rollout. 
 We've got to find Vince Webb before he becomes somebody else. 
 And make sure that the S.I.S. guys know I want him alive. 
 [ Door closes ] 
 I'll see you. 
 And raise 10 toothpicks. 
 Big raise. 
 Yep. 
 I'm guessing you've got the 9 and 10 to top off the straight. 
 Remember... poker face. 
 Yeah, you got it. I fold. 
 Every freaking time. 
 How could you possibly know that? 
 I told you. You have a tell. 
 Well, these glasses that you gave me were supposed to hid that tell. 
 It was worth a try, wasn't it? 
 [ Scoffs ] 
 Well, I mean, come on. 
 That was a hell of a raise there, kid. 
 You should be proud of that. 
 Let me tell you something. 
 A few years ago, I had this big case. 
 Huge payday... 200 grand. 
 [ Grunts ] 
 And you know what I did with it? 
 I played three months in poker tournaments. 
 [ Both laugh ] 
 And I had some strategic raises that just cut through the crap. 
 Three months of poker tournaments? 
 Mm. 
 How much did you win? 
 Oh, well, I didn't, but [Sighs] so close. 
 Yeah, but hadn't you already won the jackpot? 
 I mean, $200,000 is... yeah, well, that's one way to think of it, sure. But... 
 Oh, hey, Sharon. 
 I made some dinner. 
 I got a little something for you in the kitchen there. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 Did you find me my next client? 
 I was thinking maybe that ghost your boys are hunting needs a brilliant court-appointed attorney. 
 Looks like he's a drug dealer, so he will probably be able to afford his own brilliant attorney. 
 Maybe one who's worked a little more recently. 
 Are you gambling? 
 Very low stakes. 
 I mean, maybe I owe you for a box of toothpicks. 
 [ Chuckles ] What do you have them for anyway? 
 You know, in 30 years, I've never seen you put a toothpick in your mouth. 
 [ Laughs ] 
 
 
 
 Rusty, are you finished studying? 
 Yes, Sharon. Thanks for asking. 
 What I need to work on now is how to keep my face from giving away what's in my hand. 
 That's easy. 
 Jack can see you cards reflected in those ridiculous sunglasses that he probably talked you into wearing. 
 No way. 
 I'm afraid so. 
 [ Both laugh ] Oh, my God. 
 You had me fooled that entire time. 
 That is his specialty. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Rusty, it's after 10:00. 
 I don't want to hear any complaining in the morning. Sharon... hey, hey, hey. 
 Don't worry about it, kid. 
 Uh, I-I'll teach you some new tricks over the next couple days. 
 We agreed on two nights. 
 This is the second. 
 Wait a minute. 
 You're counting last night as one night? I got in late. 
 Ah, Sharon, I get it's your place. 
 But, hey, come on, you know. 
 I could go pick up the kid tomorrow at school. 
 Hey, I'm free. I'm here. 
 Save you sending that squad car. 
 Boy, is that embarrassing. 
 Yes, yes. 
 It is very embarrassing. 
 Sharon, please. 
 That would be so much better. 
 It would be... but... please. 
 You bring him straight back to the office as I would. 
 Yes! Thank you. Thank you. 
 Good night. Good night. 
 Good night. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Ohh, damn it. [ Grunts ] 
 What's the matter? 
 I...I pulled a back muscle. 
 It must have been the way I slept. 
 Ah. Well, it's okay. 
 My back is totally nonfunctional. 
 Like my neck... I can't even turn my head around. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 [ Mumbles ] 
 Just find a way to sleep on this sofa without cutting off all my circulation. 
 [ Laughing ] 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 Finally. 
 Finally. 
 You know, you are the hardest person to crack, Sharon. 
 You really are. 
 You're like a... you're like a no-hitter. 
 You're... y-y-y-you're my Cape Horn, my Mount Everest, my, my... 
 Waterloo. 
 [ Door closes ] 
 Provenza : Oh, oh. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 What's going on here? 
 I-is that yours? 
 It's the material from Boston P.D. About your ghost. 
 You have the best printer in the building. 
 Yeah. Yeah, and it's 10¢ a page. 
 It says 5¢. 
 That's for friends and family. 
 Where does the paper come from? 
 [ Coins rattle ] 
 The gun we found at Rodney Harwood's apartment is a match for two unsolved homicides. 
 Both victims were robbed on the street, ma'am. 
 Tao : S.I.S. booked Vince Webb... having him brought up to interview 2, but... 
 He's got the wrong fingerprints. 
 Not our ghost. 
 Just a straightforward drug supplier. 
 What about the victim's computer? Did he have that? 
 No, but we have plenty of other bad-guy stuff. 
 Thanks for the show-and-tell, but none of this is mine. 
 Mr. Webb, we're not from narcotics. 
 In fact, the only reason why we care about this stuff at all is because we hope it'll get your cooperation in an ongoing homicide. 
 Who died? 
 Rodney Harwood. 
 Hot rod crashed, huh? 
 Can't say I'm surprised. 
 The man had problems. 
 Burned the pipe at both ends. 
 Oh, well. You and Rodney worked together? 
 Some. 
 But Rod's bad habits interfered with his professional life. 
 Well, we have a witness who says they saw you at his apartment the night before last, just after his murder, and that you stole his computer. 
 I already got a computer. 
 Your witness is lying. 
 I was at a club on Ivar called Allure. Ask around. 
 [ Beep ] 
 You use a credit card there? 
 Girls don't think you're rich if you use a credit card. 
 You got to floss the cash. 
 Allure has cameras at all entrances and all exits. 
 Go look for me. I'll wait here. 
 Detective Sanchez, could you put Mr. Webb's photo in a six-pack and show it to Susan Adler? 
 Were you in hot rod's apartment  two months ago when you shot him in the upper thigh? 
 The only gunshots we care about are the ones that killed him. 
 He owed me money. 
 When I asked him for it, he pulled a gun out on me. 
 Stupid junkie. 
 I shot him in self-defense. 
 And if you knew hot rod, you'd know I have a good reason. 
 It's funny you never reported him to us. 
 Well, I could have done that, anonymously, but, like I said, I wanted my money. 
 And he came up with it. 
 Hit the lotto or something. 
 Paid me back in full  one week after our little argument, then brought more on top of that. 
 Went on a bender. Did he say where this jackpot came from? Didn't ask, but he was flush. Well, did you ever see anybody with him? Like a business partner? [ Chuckles ] You guys are funny. Rodney Harwood had one partner... rock cocaine. Okay. Thanks for your help. Someone will be in shortly to talk to you about the rest of this. Thought you guys said you didn't care. We don't, but someone will. At least as long as it takes to check out your story. Get comfortable. Sharon : Hang on to Vince as long as we can. He could be lying, and he could tip off our ghost. Susan can't identify Vince Webb, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, once again, I ask that you hold your applause. In perusing the file that we just obtained from Boston, I have found what I will modestly refer to as a clue. The only living relative from Jim Gilmer's immediate family... sister Laura, a stroke victim who resided at... "Mendwell Convalescent in Beverly, Massachusetts." She was there until may of 2009 when, per my conversation with the good people of that facility, her parents were killed in a car accident. And she was moved to... "Apartment 125 of 'Live with Care'," an assisted-living center, located in... drumroll... [ Drumroll taps ] the great city of angels, Los Angeles. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Live with care is top-of-the-line and expensive... six grand a month. Tao : If Gilmer's paying for this, he must be doing pretty well. Drug money, identity theft. Our ghost loves his sister, Laura. That's his soft spot. But we can't just walk in there and ask Laura about Mr. Gilmer. She could warn him, or he could be watching her. Hey, hey, I found the lead. The plan's your job. Sykes : Protecting assisted-living facilities is an L.A.P.D. Priority. We're not due for a safety inspection until next year. Unfortunately, we've had some complaints. I guess I can't ask from whom. You can ask. We just can't answer. I need to review your visitors log, sir. Of course. Our log's computerized by client and shows all non-medical guests including relatives, friends, and deliveries. While he's doing that, can we assemble all the patients for safety training? Um... Sure. They're just finishing lunch in the dining room now. May I remind you all to speak loudly. Actually, the safety seminar's just for her. I need to clear the residents so I can do a window check of all the rooms. A window check? Or you can say no, in which case, all we do is come back with a giant search warrant, which takes three days to serve while we figure out why you won't cooperate... Jeff. Entirely up to you. [ Door opens ] According to the log, Laura Gilmer hasn't had any visitors since easter. So where do her flowers come from? [ Sniffs ] These are fresh. Well, you notice anyone missing from this family photo? Her brother. This is very interesting. No one visits, but the ghost's fingerprints are all over this vase. [ Sighs ] I don't much believe in ghosts. Are you sure this is Gilmer's thumbprint? Yeah. You can see the Virgin Mary in it. Really? [ Cellphone beeps ] Or two tented arches and a right slant loop, depending on what you know about classification. Yes. Captain? I have not found the ghost, but I have proof that he is still very much alive and he visits his sister. Special delivery! I... how's a court-appointed attorney supposed to get a client if the cops take the day off? Nobody's taking the day off. My team is on a stakeout trying to pick up Jim Gilmer. But we stopped and bought everyone hamburgers. Well, that's very nice and totally unnecessary. Well, uh, you want to learn some Omaha, kid? Uh, excuse me, Jack. I'm so sorry. But I do believe that Buzz has put something together. What did you put together, Buzz? Uh, two chapters of make-up algebra. Two chapters? Buzz, we brought you burgers. Hey, you want to spend an extra year in high school, that's fine with me. But I've already got a complete handle on algebra. Okay, explain quadratic equations. Uh, sure. Quadratic equations are something else that nobody needs in daily life. They also help form the foundation for something we call logic, which I hear is very useful in chess. You don't want to argue with her when she gets that tone in her voice. Mm-hmm. Fine. Fine. Quadratic equations. So fun. Apologies for interfering. I just feel kind of sorry for the kid. Can I get you a blanket? You look cold. Maybe it's because you spent more time with Rusty in the past two days then you've spent with our children in five years. [ Sighs ] Don't start, Sharon. I can't change the past. I can only try to do better. Well, maybe part of doing better would be finding an apartment. Aye-aye, captain. [ Sighs ] Excuse me. Taylor : Do you know how much around-the-clock surveillance costs, captain? How do you even know your ghost will show up at this assisted-living center? Jim Gilmer brought his sister to L.A. So he could be closer to her. He's been there recently. Why doesn't she have visitors then? I thought about that, chief, and I think the answer has something to do with whom our ghost has become. Laura. Laura? LAPD. Get down on the ground. Wait, wait, wait. This is a mistake. It's not a mistake, Gilmer. Get on the floor. I'll take that. Smile for the camera. Hands behind your back. Flynn : The real Dr. Jason Field lived in San Francisco until he died in a boating accident in 1997. Jim Gilmer stole his identity. Gilmer used Field's identity to go to Brazil... the plastic-surgery capital of the world. You know, he lost some weight, cut his hair, and then presto chango. New-and-improved Jim returns to the states in 2001 using a dead man's medical license, blue contacts for his eyes, and goes to work in the E.R. at St. Leo's. Sanchez : Where Rodney Harwood was treated for a gunshot wound two months ago. How has he been getting away with this? Gilmer's not a doctor. No, but he worked as an E.M.T. for two years before he went to jail. Tao : Doctor impersonators have been successful with less training than that. Yeah, hospital says he does some pretty amazing stuff. And now he lives the good life... wife, kids, and a home in the hills. If he's convinced his wife and a hospital that he's a doctor, he could end up convincing a jury that he's innocent. We're not going to trial on this. A man can change his face, he can change his name, but changing your nature is very hard. And changing your fingerprints is next to impossible. Don't waste our time and say that Rodney brought the gun or that there was a fight and you took it from him. This gun was loaded by your hands. And you brought it with you two nights ago to murder Rodney Harwood. That was not my intent. If Rodney demanded to see you in the middle of the night, you'd bring a gun to protect yourself Doctor, you have the right to remain silent. That's all. I don't need a lawyer here, because there was no crime. I just want to explain. Two months ago, Rodney Harwood came into my E.R. With a gunshot wound, and something I did... I still don't know what exactly, but I gave myself away. Maybe it was my voice, maybe it was the way I walked, I don't know. But before Rod left, the next morning, he made sure I knew that if I wanted to go on being a doctor, he was going to need a lot of cash. And I gave it to him... $50,000. He went through that money so fast, I couldn't believe it. So it's not drugs. Just good old-fashioned extortion. Which brings up more mitigating circumstances for the killer. I was giving up what I had saved for my kids' college education to a drug addict. I had to protect my children. No, you had to protect your stolen identity. So what? Nobody else was using it. And the DEA has this stupid rule saying that no drug felon can ever practice medicine. What was I supposed to do? Something other than murder. It wasn't murder. I told you. It was self-defense. I was giving him the extra money that he demanded, and he grabbed me by the throat. He said it wasn't enough. He said he was gonna force me to drive up to my house and tell my wife and kids. Oh, my God. Harwood? Crack addict. Drug dealer. In prison, I saw him nearly beat a man to death with a book. And he murdered people here in Los Angeles. He told me so when he threatened me. There was no way I was letting him anywhere near my family. He's got a point. We know Harwood was a killer. Could you wait a moment, please? He didn't have his gun on him. One shot would have been enough  to defend yourself. But you didn't fire just one shot. You got out of the car, you fired again, you shot him right in the chest. And then you hopped into the ambulance with him to make sure he died without saying anything. You may recall that when you first met Rodney Harwood, you were not a prisoner of conscience. You were a convicted drug dealer. And I did my time. I learned my lesson. I am a doctor now. Thousands of people are alive because of me. What about the patients you lost? How will the families of everyone who died in your E.R. react when they hear that you don't have a real license? Sir, lawsuits are coming. How will that go for your wife and children? Where will your sister end up when you can't pay for her facility? Are you threatening my family? You still do not get it, do you? In addition to the criminal trial for which you are now rehearsing, there will be civil suits related to your work as a doctor. The captain makes an excellent point. Okay, I'll begin drawing up the statement of facts. Whatever he gets, it's a gift. The hospital that you work for  will be forced to file against you, too, but there are ways hold this off. This is not fair. I have worked so hard to change my life. And I did change. I completely changed. If you completely changed, why are you back in another police station being arrested for first-degree murder? Sir, we can get the DA to plead that down, keep your sister where she is, and save your family from losing everything that you worked for. It's your call. I just want to say, whatever else you may think of me, and I know I didn't have a degree, but I made up for that in a thousand other ways. I was a good and dedicated doctor. I was. I believe you. [ Sighs ] And now I need you to stand up and put your hands behind your back. Considering who our victim was, I think 17 years to life. Gives him a shot at parole. [ Sighs ] A ghost of a chance, I'd say, which is as much as he deserves. Jim Gilmer just signed his deal. Great... he could be released as soon as 2030 and set up practice as Doctor Who. Yeah, and you'd better be waiting for him, Sykes. I don't know. Guy turns his life around the best way he can. Seems like we should be able to make some kind of allowance for that. We do. It's called parole. Jack : I'm almost gone. [ Zipper closes ] Just, um, straightening up after myself. Mm-hmm. You can keep that deck of cards, kid. And there might be a couple of extra aces in there. [ Chuckles ] So where's the apartment? Uh, silver lake. Well, that's not too far from here. No. That's great. Yeah, just... One little snag. Oh? The credit bureaus can hold a grudge [Sighs] And I need someone to co-sign for me. What does that mean? Co-sign? Well... it means to provide a guarantee for someone else's debt or rent. Hey, if that's a problem, uh, there's a room at the Best Western down the street. So that is what this latest drive-by was about. You want me to co-sign for an apartment. Would you? Absolutely not. I spent years getting untangled from your finances, Jack. I'm not going back there again. Oh, no, okay. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right. Right. Maybe they'll hold the place for me. It's a shame. It's a great little find. I guess I'll have to call my brother. [ Groans ] Oh, my God. Why do I always end up feeling sorry for you? Okay. I'll make you a deal. Better watch out. Now, hey, listen. I've had to negotiate with her my entire adult life. I know what to expect. [ Grumbles ] Until you can find a fix for your credit problem, you may stay here, provided ...oh, great! Thanks! [ Singsong voice ] I am not done. Provided that you call your children, and you do it tonight. Are you serious? Oh, yes. Calling your kids? Why is that a problem? [ Sighs ] Sometimes, Rusty, you let down the people you love, and you don't know how to start over again. Isn't that true, Jack? [ Sighs ] The kids don't want to talk to me. Sharon : You're right. They don't want to talk to you. But they  need to talk to you,  and they will. Now. Otherwise... [ Beep ] the Best Western is right down the street. Okay, all right. All right. We're gonna start with Ricky. He's working a lot of hours these days. [ Dialing ] He goes to bed early. And I have had a very long day, so good night. Just so you know, she's definitely gonna call them back to see what you said, so... Of course she will. But, you know, that's partly because she's still crazy about me. [ Beep ] [ Ringing ] [ Sighs ] Ricky: Hello? Richard William Raydor. This is your father speaking. And it's been too damn long. By God, how are you son? It's such a pleasure to hear your voice. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 