Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x13 - Jailbait - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x13 - Jailbait https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18747 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/04/13 04:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x13 - Jailbait 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ Engine turns off, car door opens ] 
 85 degrees in December! 
 Sykes, why am I not sitting in front of my air conditioner? 
 This is Eric Riley, currently under house arrest at the green craftsman. 
 He's been a no-show for his last two parole meetings. 
 What was his crime? 
 Uh, six rapes in '05 with assault and drugging charges mixed in, sir. 
 Served eight years. 
 Short sentence. 
 Riley was 15 at the time. 
 You think his stint in juvie made him a better person? 
 Buzz : Oh, I think his parole officer's here. 
 Ah, Jimmy Bosch. 
 Maybe he can tell us why Major Crimes got called out on a house check. 
 You're here, lieutenant, because I received this letter from Eric's court-mandated therapist last week. 
 Sykes : "Eric has spoken of trigger urges "similar to those he felt "when he committed his previous assaults, and he shows no interest in managing those urges." 
 God! 
 Came by for a visual check yesterday, but Eric's parents wouldn't let me in. 
 What's his ankle bracelet say? 
 He's in his room. 
 But I have doubts. 
 Provenza : All right. 
 Let's get eyes on this kid. 
 Spread out. 
 Look like cops. 
 [ Knock on door ] 
 Hi, I'm Lieutenant Provenza with the L.A.P.D. 
 Major Crimes Division. 
 Where's your son? 
 Do you have a warrant? 
 No, we don't. 
 You can't just come in here! 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 What's going on? 
 Flynn : Eric is on parole. 
 We can legally enter his residence at any time. 
 But it's our house. 
 It's not his residence. 
 He's staying here with us. 
 Ma'am, take a seat. 
 Stay out of our way. 
 No kidding. 
 Sir, show me where Eric's room is. 
 Now! 
 Major Crimes 02x13 
 Jailbait 
Originally Aired on December 2, 2013 
 Julio. 
 Eric Riley! 
 L.A.P.D.! We're coming in! 
 Aah! 
 He took off his ankle monitor and is keeping it charged. 
 Damn it! 
 All right, Mr. Riley, where is your son? 
 I don't know. 
 I'm sorry. 
 He's been gone for two days. 
 Sykes : I need a wanted broadcast for a fugitive parolee considered armed and dangerous. 
 Name... Eric Riley. 
 Age... 24. 
 All jurisdictions in Southern California. my God. 
 This girl is so young. 
 Buzz : The time stamp on the photo says this was printed out two weeks ago. 
 Terms of his parole state that he cannot use a computer. 
 There's an e-mail domain address at the bottom of the page. 
 Eric must have gotten this picture as an attachment. 
 Provenza : All right, Julio. 
 Anything in this house with a screen goes with us. 
 Do you recognize her? 
 Sir, if this girl is out there, getting hurt by your son right now and you don't cooperate with us... 
 I came home from the hospital early last week... 
 Somebody canceled their surgery... 
 And there was a girl here in Eric's room... 
 Her, I think. 
 Well, who is she? 
 I don't know. 
 I asked her to leave immediately, and she did. 
 Kim : No, my wedding plans are on that! 
 Sanchez : Ma'am, out of my way now! 
 You can't just take that! 
 Out of the way! 
 Nicole : She's got nothing to do with this. 
 It's not her fault. 
 It's not the point. 
 Oh, you want to film this? 
 Okay, that's fine. 
 I'm gonna film it, too, then. 
 Uh, I'm Kim Riley from Los Angeles, and the L.A.P.D. is robbing my home. 
 Because apparently, if your brother is a rapist, you get treated like one, too. 
 Kim. Kim. Kim! 
 That is enough! 
 Now, where did Eric go? 
 If you know anything that will help us find him, you need to tell us now! 
 He took mom's old car. 
 What's the license plate? 
 Dr. Riley, I need you to work with me. 
 Um, 3JRQ158. 
 3-John-Robert-Queen-1-5-8. 
 We're sorry. 
 If we told you Eric had run away, you'd take him back to jail, and he just came home. 
 Yeah? Well, you better hope when we find this girl that she's alive and unharmed. 
 That car Eric took was impounded the night before last by L.A.P.D. 
 From where? 
 [ Horn honks ] 
 Want to update the captain? 
 On what? 
 Jumping parole is not a major crime, and I have no victim. 
 I'll go take a look around. 
 Right now we know Eric's car was towed from over there, so for the time being, this should be the center of our universe. 
 All right, let's check crime reports in the area... 
 Assaults, murders, rapes. 
 Go back three days. 
 Hey, guys! 
 We've got a body! 
 Let's go. 
 Hey, lieutenant, over here! 
 [ Grunts ] 
 What you got? 
 You have bolt cutters in your bag of tricks? 
 No. Patrol should. 
 Well, they were supposed to be here already. 
 [ Grunts ] 
 I can fit. 
 I can. 
 Sykes : All right. 
 [ Groans ] 
 It's our guy. 
 It's Eric Riley. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Footsteps approaching ] 
 [ Horn honks ] 
 Kendall : Liver temp is useless in this heat, but with decomp and the degree to which the blood has settled, he has to have been down here for over a day. 
 If you've documented this... 
 I have. 
 I'll adjust him, then, to go through his pockets. 
 Whew! Lot of broken bones. 
 Must have hit the ground going at least 35 miles an hour. 
 At that speed, the body pops like a water balloon. 
 Well, I'm more concerned with how Eric took off than I am with how hard he landed. 
 Was he pushed, or did he jump? 
 Seems weird for the guy to break parole, steal a car from his parents, and then go on the run just to say, "Goodbye, cruel world." 
 Lieutenant, found this empty condom wrapper in the guy's pocket. 
 Now I call the captain. 
 Before I get into how I know your victim didn't have s*x, there's something I need to tell you. 
 When you guys can't wait for a prelim, I'm happy to oblige, but you texted me during the L.A. County Morgue's annual Christmas party, which we have to hold early because it's suicide season coming up, and so I'm a little tipsy. 
 Doctor, are we... are we putting you in a bad position? 
 No, I'll just repeat these tests I'm doing now tomorrow, we'll be good. 
 Just... don't expect my usual genius. 
 Ah! 
 You were saying that the victim did not have s*x. 
 Right. 
 No spermicide from a condom, no blood, no fluid of any kind on your victim's body. 
 Maybe our potential Jane Doe... 
 The girl in the picture from Eric's room... 
 Fought him off before the rape and pushed him from the bridge into the... no! 
 I think your victim was deceased way, way, way before he hit the ground. 
 See this bruise on the front of the neck? Mm-hmm. 
 It's antemortem. 
 Ah. 
 So he's thrown off the bridge... 
 After his neck was broken. 
 So we can scratch suicide off our list of possible causes. 
 But we're no closer to finding out who Jane Doe is. 
 If she really sent this picture of herself, Jane Doe addressed it to Eric's web-based e-mail account that I can't access. 
 I'm starting a warrant to the provider, Popmail. 
 Sharon : Mike, did you run an image search for that picture yet? 
 No match online, but that picture was taken from trash on this hard drive we picked up from the Riley house. 
 Must be the computer Eric was using. 
 This was also in the web search. 
 Man :  Now that you've bypassed the conductor thing, all you have to do is quickly remove the anklet, and, boom, nobody knows you're not wearing it. 
 Except for the 8,483 people who have seen this video. 
 Flynn : I checked. 
 That little idiot's already been busted. 
 I also looked through the interagency database to see if Eric Riley had ever had any problems outside of the L.A.P.D. jurisdiction. 
 All I got was that Los Angeles Sheriff's Office had run his name a few times. 
 Let's find out why they looked him up. 
 Excuse me. 
 Captain Raydor. 
 [ Gasps ] Oh. 
 Uh, Dr. Bowman. 
 Call me Joe, please, or Dr. Joe. 
 Either way. 
 Uh, thank you for coming to us. 
 Not a problem. 
 And if Rusty really needs 'round-the-clock protection, it's better than dragging him across town, isn't it? 
 I-I just want to be sure that we agree this is only an evaluation, because I don't force therapy on people. 
 I understand. 
 And it's not a problem playing chess? 
 [ Chuckles ] 
 My office is filled with musical instruments, dollhouses, video games... 
 Anything to break the ice. 
 Oh, great. Uh... oh. 
 Captain. Captain. 
 Uh, I'll be with you in a minute. 
 Yes? 
 Yeah. 
 All the searches on Eric Riley were run by the same sheriff's deputy... 
 Manuel Diaz. 
 Hey, Sanchez, do you know this guy? 
 [ Hispanic accent ] 
 Oh, yeah, right, 'cause all us L.A. Latinos... we know each other. 
 Right, Flynn? 
 [ Normal voice ] 
 Oh, uh, I do know him. 
 That's Manny Diaz... 
 He was married to my sister's best friend from high school. 
 He's still just a deputy? 
 I thought he was a climber. 
 Eric Riley raped Manny's daughter, Selina Diaz, back in '05. 
 I had no idea. 
 Poor guy. 
 Deputy Diaz may have waited eight years for payback. 
 I might, too, if my daughter had been raped. 
 And committed suicide. 
 I'm on Selina Diaz's Facebook page. 
 Mentions that she took her life far too soon. 
 Friends and family still posting. 
 Uh... 
 Another second, Dr. Joe. 
 Sure. 
 Mike, why don't we check the license-plate recognition database around the Rileys' house during the time that Eric was on parole? 
 See if we can put Deputy Diaz in the area. 
 The, uh, sheriff's office won't like it if we pull down one of their deputies as a suspect. 
 Right. 
 Well, let's tell Deputy Diaz that Eric Riley went missing and we could use his help finding him. 
 Well, he'll be expecting a manhunt. 
 Let's give him one. 
 Sykes, if you'll do the honors with the murder board. 
 I'll get some more bodies up here. 
 I'll call Deputy Diaz, ma'am. 
 Uh, go easy on him, detective. 
 We don't want to spook him. 
 Rusty : I'll save you some time. 
 I don't need therapy because I'm not crazy. 
 Dr. Joe : Well, that's great, because I don't really deal with a lot of crazy people. 
 And, also, this isn't therapy. 
 It's an evaluation, and that's a little bit different. 
 How? 
 Oh. 
 Lots of ways. 
 Like, uh, therapy we do in hour blocks, and right now, I'm scheduled to spend two afternoons with you. 
 Evaluations are less about addressing your issues and more about gauging how you'll react to stress. 
 Oh, plus, you have to fill out all these questionnaires. 
 Sorry. 
 I've been living in a movable prison for four months, so obviously I can handle stress. 
 And Sharon said that we would be playing chess. 
 If you're any good, you can figure out what you need to know about me by my game. 
 All right. 
 Let's see what you do. 
 So, these, um... these questionnaires... 
 Are they just like personality tests? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 They're exactly like personality tests, actually. 
 The city needs them to avoid liability issues. 
 Very basic. 
 Look, Dr. Joe, if you're just going to do the Sicilian Defense, this will be a very short game. 
 You've played against the Dragon Variation, then? 
 Um [Clicks tongue] 
 I don't know. 
 Well, let's just keep going and see what happens. 
 That's kind of weird. 
 My standards for weird might be higher than yours. 
 I doubt it. 
 Just to make it interesting, why don't we say every time I take a piece off the board, I get to find out a little something about you? 
 [ Taps table ] Okay, fine. 
 Oh, come on. 
 D-did you just take that pawn so you could ask me a question? 
 I always play to win, even with 12-year-olds. 
 And a deal's a deal. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, especially around here. 
 [ Inhales deeply ] 
 [ Sighing ] 
 All right, all right. 
 What kind of way-too-personal question are you gonna ask? 
 Mm... 
 How's your day going? 
 [ Elevator bell dings ] 
 Hey, Julio. 
 Good to see you. 
 Looking just as good as always. 
 So what's going on here? 
 [ Sniffs ] Really. 
 It's like I said on the phone, Manny. 
 We're having trouble finding this Eric Riley guy. 
 Deputy Diaz, Lieutenant Provenza. 
 [ Laughs ] Looks like we caught you at work. 
 Yeah, you did, but the second you guys called and said Riley broke his parole, I, you know, had my partner cover. 
 Ah. Here we go. 
 He may have been a juvenile, but he should have been tried as an adult. 
 Releasing him early was a bad plan. 
 I just hope some other poor girl doesn't have to pay the price for this. 
 [ Door beeps ] 
 Deputy Diaz, I'm Captain Sharon Raydor. 
 This is Lieutenant Andy Flynn. 
 Hey. 
 Thank you for coming in. 
 Flynn : Sorry to bring it up, but since Eric Riley's juvenile records are sealed and as the father of one of his victims, you're more familiar with his M.O. than we are. 
 Uh, your help could prove invaluable. 
 I'll do what I can. 
 Uh, Detective Sanchez, Lieutenant Provenza, uh, why don't we meet with Deputy Diaz in the conference room? 
 This way, Manny. 
 [ Door opens, closes ] 
 What is it? 
 Captain, our license-plate recognition program has a collection point just blocks from the victim's house. 
 Tao : All these impressions were taken of Deputy Diaz's personal vehicle going through that intersection since Eric was released. 
 There must be more than two dozen hits here. 
 27. 
 And four months prior to that, we found exactly none. 
 This was a new drive for him. 
 Captain, if Deputy Diaz is our prime suspect, the first thing his attorney's gonna ask is whether we've investigated all of Eric Riley's other victims and their families. 
 That's right. 
 Let's loop in the D.A.'s office and start collecting alibis. 
 Maybe Amy and I can go knock on some doors, notify the young women who were raped and their parents of the good news. 
 See who isn't surprised to hear that Eric Riley broke his parole and his neck. 
 That's an excellent idea. 
 Thank you. 
 Lieutenant? 
 Is that our paperwork? 
 Thank you, Buzz. 
 Ma'am. 
 [ Coins clink ] 
 Yeah. 
 Eric Riley preyed on the girls in his class. 
 In school, he was a regular Prince Charming. 
 Then he'd get them alone and drug them with Ambien. 
 Six times he took advantage of girls like that. 
 Did you have any interactions with Mr. Riley after his parole? 
 No. 
 No, I didn't. I haven't. 
 [ Provenza chuckles ] 
 You know, even I've checked up on people now and then if I thought they were a danger to the community. 
 And after what happened with your daughter, believe me, nobody would blame you for keeping a close eye on this guy. 
 Anything helps if it means finding Eric faster. 
 Okay. 
 Well, to be honest, I ran him a few times. 
 Didn't trust him. 
 I was right, you know? 
 Did you ever contact him personally or drive by his house? 
 Manny, maybe you did the wrong thing for the right reason. 
 Let me reassure you, Deputy Diaz, I'm not the kind of person that likes to get bogged down in all the rules. 
 We need to find Eric right away, so if you were in communication with him, it would help. 
 I didn't initiate contact. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 The reason we ask is, uh, our license-plate recognition system caught your car in the vicinity of Eric's residence almost 30 times since his release. 
 Wow. 
 For someone who wasn't following Eric, you sure were around his house a lot. 
 [ Sighs ] Don't move. 
 Now very slowly put your hands flat on the table! 
 Hey, listen, my phone was buzzing, okay? 
 He's got a gun on his ankle, too. 
 I would ask if there was something I should know, but I-I take it Eric Riley's dead, huh? 
 Murdered two nights ago. 
 And I'm a suspect. 
 What do you think? 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Flynn : Initial the Miranda warning, and then we would like you to sign a consent order allowing us to search your home. 
 Eric Riley was, uh, my daughter's first date. 
 Did you know that? 
 Yeah, my wife and I weren't gonna let her go out with anybody until she turned 16, and, uh... 
 And Selina begged me. 
 Her mother said I was being too strict. 
 [ Sniffles ] 
 And now my little girl's dead. 
 You couldn't possibly have known what Eric was going to do, deputy. 
 You tell yourself that. 
 Maybe it's true. 
 But after she testified against that kid in court... 
 I, uh... I didn't figure out what she was going through until... till I heard the gun go off in her bathroom. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 [ Voice breaking ] 
 Do you understand what your so-called victim did to my life? 
 I can only imagine, but what I do understand is that extrajudicial execution of parolees is murder. 
 And if that's what happened to Eric, I fully intend to find out. 
 You need to get anything off your chest, Diaz, now is the time. 
 Listen, Manny. 
 If you don't sign the consent form for us to search your house, all kinds of bad things can happen. 
 My union rep will take... 
 No, this is the L.A.P.D., not the Sheriff's Department. 
 Your union rep doesn't mean crap right now. 
 [ Pen clicks ] 
 
 
 
 [ Police radio chatter ] 
 Hey, lieutenant. 
 [ Chatter continues ] 
 Sir. 
 Concrete, plastic sheeting. 
 Well, either the good deputy was starting a new driveway, or he was planning to bury the body. 
 After he shot him. 
 It's a .32 caliber. 
 Registration numbers are filed off. 
 Get that tight, Buzz. 
 Buzz : Yes, sir. 
 Flynn : Eh, forget the gun. 
 Look at the picture he had on his desk. 
 So Diaz also has the photo of the girl in Eric's room? 
 And listen to this... 
 Printouts of her e-mail exchanges with the dirtbag. 
 "I'm sure we can find a way "to get you out of your house, Eric. 
 You're too cute to keep locked away." 
 And then Eric writes back, "Sounds fun. 
 Have you ever been with an older guy?" 
 Sick freak. 
 So, do you think Deputy Diaz was posing as the girl online? 
 Well, maybe. 
 But not when Eric's father caught her in his son's bedroom. 
 You know, it's possible Diaz was working with someone. 
 Better ask him who. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 You've been staring at that board for over an hour. 
 Uh, Dr. Joe thinks he has me trapped. 
 You know he's a National Class "A" rated player? 
 It's the... the highest ranking for an amateur. 
 So, is it going well, then? 
 I think so. 
 Uh, he's asking mostly dumb questions, and I'm keeping my answers really short and hoping that the way I play lets me skip all those tests he wants me to take. 
 Mm. 
 You ever been in therapy? 
 Uh, well, yeah. Yes. 
 About a month and a half after I graduated from the academy, I went out on patrol, and I shot a young man who was trying to kill his mother. 
 And when you do shoot someone, you have to be evaluated by a psychologist, at first, like you, I thought it was a waste of time. 
 But later... 
 [ Cup thuds ] Later? 
 It turned out to be useful. 
 There is a difference, you know, between being mentally ill and emotionally injured. 
 I don't feel injured. 
 No. Neither did I. 
 But then I had to keep reliving the experience in depositions and in pretrial hearings and in court because the justice system puts extraordinary pressure on witnesses. 
 And it's so unfair, because the victim and the witnesses and the officers have to relive it again and again until they tell their story in open court. 
 [ Doorbell rings ] 
 Hello. 
 And even then, you may not be done, because the trauma of being a witness can revisit you again and again, long after you thought it was over. 
 And when one is subjected to that kind of pain, sometimes a doctor can help. 
 [ Cellphone ringing ] 
 But you're not in therapy. 
 You're just being evaluated. 
 [ Cellphone beeps ] 
 Yes, lieutenant? 
 Captain, Sykes and I are about halfway through interviewing Eric Riley's victims and their families, and you'll never guess who we ran into. 
 Sykes : Heather Shore. 
 Definitely the girl from the picture in Eric's room. 
 So the first question the D.A. is going to ask me is, how is Heather connected to Deputy Diaz? 
 Heather's older sister, Whitney Shore, was one of Eric Riley's victims. 
 Whitney no longer lives in L.A. 
 Parents say the whole experience changed her so much, she doesn't even like to come home anymore. 
 So Diaz posed as Heather to send the e-mails? 
 Actually, the wonderful people at Popmail confirmed the messages sent to Eric Riley came from the Shore home I.P. address. 
 Then Diaz had Heather baiting Eric to break his parole? 
 Or someone in her house was using her picture. 
 How many people have access to that router? 
 Three. 
 But you don't really believe that the whole family is in on it together, do you? 
 Because I don't care who you are, you don't use a picture of your own kid as bait for a rapist. 
 Prove it, lieutenant. 
 Hobbs is right, Andy. 
 Let's start with Heather and see where she takes us. 
 Where are my mom and dad? 
 Why couldn't we do this at our place? 
 Sorry to split your family up, but it's the lawyers who tell us to do that. 
 You see, they want us to get clear, individual responses,  so they have us ask everyone the same questions separately. 
 Attorneys live to make the world a tougher place for all of us. [  Laughs  ] Present company excluded. I'm sure. Ask you a few simple questions, mostly yes or no. All right. - All right. Here we go. Did you ever have contact with Eric Riley? Did you ever call him or e-mail him, Facebook, anything? No. Do you know why he would have this picture of you in his house? No. Is that it? Not quite. Now we need to ask a couple of harder questions. Like? Like why are you lying to us? Excuse me? You're lying, Heather,  and you need to cut it out right now  and start telling us the truth, or you're gonna get in really big trouble. [ Voice breaking ] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Is the reason you're lying have anything to do with the fact  that Eric Riley was murdered two days ago? Eric Riley? Er... he was murdered? We know you had contact with him through e-mail. You were encouraging Eric to break the terms of his parole. You even sent him a link showing him how to remove his ankle monitor. Do you deny any of this? Eric Riley destroyed my family. I was just a kid. And the world that I grew up in... it exploded! Is Eric Riley dead? Is he... is he really dead? Because I-I had nothing to do with killing anyone. Right. Let's, uh, change subjects for a moment. Tell us how you first started working with Manny Diaz. and, yes, we know about you and Manny, so please don't add another count of perjury here, okay? Perjury? Flynn : A little white lie, hobbs. Manny and I... Manny just asked me to send Eric some e-mails. He didn't tell me why, exactly. I guess he was trying to get Eric Riley back in jail before he hurt someone else. But if Eric is really dead, then I don't... I don't have to worry. I had nothing to do with that. Well, sorry to break it to you, but you  did have something to do with it. You are an accomplice to a murder. Every e-mail you sent, your visit to Eric's house... What? No... I never went to Eric's house. Don't go back to lying again. I'm not! I never once met Eric Riley. I mean, e-even if I wanted to do such a thing, Manny would have never allowed it. I-I would never, okay? I only wrote him e-mails. I swear that I only wrote him e-mails. She sounds believable. But if she's not the girl that Eric Riley was talking to in his house, then, Deputy Diaz, who was it? [ Clears throat ] I thought you might look up this strategy online. Yeah? Well, I don't need to cheat to win. And you can write that down in your evaluation. Also that I can handle the stress of being a witness and that when I get hurt, I bounce back really fast. Care to give me an example of that "Bouncing back really fast" thing? You have my file. Can't you just, like, read it a little? I'm performing a psychological evaluation of your personality, and so far, on our second day together, that evaluation reads "Uncommunicative, uncooperative, and easily irritated." I understand why you might be mad about your situation. Hey, I am not mad, all right? The reason I haven't been more cooperative, Dr. Joe, is that just like you are evaluating me, I am evaluating you and trying to decide why what you think about me matters. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I see. Well, in many ways, what I think doesn't matter. But in terms of whether you'll be allowed to participate in a police operation aimed at arresting the person or persons making threats against your life, it matters very much, because if I turn in my report to Chief Taylor right now... I can take care of myself. Whatever your report says, I can take care of myself. Well, I've read your file, and it indicates you've found a way to survive through some pretty difficult circumstances. Yeah. But I should also say I've met a lot of kids just like you who've had to take care of themselves, and I've yet to run across one who deserved to be doing that. And I'm not sure you understand in taking care of yourself the way you did, you were subjected to a form of physical abuse that, legally, we would call rape. Rape? No. I... I was never raped. I charged people for what I... did. I solicited. I chose to do that. And did you also choose to be left behind in L.A. When your mother drove off with her boyfriend? Did you choose to live on the streets when you were 15 years old? And if you didn't choose those things, would you describe taking care of yourself under those conditions as... As something you deserved? Diaz : I'm not sure you guys can understand just how angry I've been about all this. Okay, yes, I wanted to kill the guy who did this terrible thing to my daughter, but somebody beat me to it. And who do you think that is? I don't know, captain. Could you please extend me a little professional courtesy? Because if I would have actually murdered that little creep, I promise you, you would have never known. Flynn : That's a lot more professional courtesy than you deserve, Diaz,  'cause I think we figured out your plan pretty damn fast. Unless you can prove this girl Heather knew what our deputy was up to, conspiracy to commit murder is out. I could maybe arraign him for attempt. That's a distant fallback position, Andrea. Someone needs to be charged with homicide. Sanchez :  ...Opportunity, and we have means, and we have your coconspirator. You can't talk your way out of this. Coconspirator? Heather told us everything. Well, that must have been quick, 'cause Heather doesn't know anything. Is that how she ended up face-to-face with her sister's rapist? What? I would have never allowed Heather within a mile of Eric Riley. We have a witness who saw her in Eric Riley's bedroom. Yeah? Well, your witness is lying, okay? Heather didn't even have that asshole's address. I made sure of that. Then who's the other girl you had inside the Riley house? There was no other girl! Don't you get it?! That was the whole point! Eric Riley was never,  never,  never gonna touch another girl again, not if I could help it... Never! There was no other girl! We will not answer any more of your questions. You only brought us here to smear my son's memory. No. No, ma'am. We asked you and your family downtown because we have a suspect in Eric's murder. Sharon : And if you help us, we can probably make our arrest in a few minutes. If we're helping you, then why did you just read us our rights like we're as awful as Eric? Kim! Honey. Tao : When we're talking about homicide, we're required to read people their rights, especially when we're this close to making an arrest. You really think you know who killed my son? We do. Sykes : I'll show you six photos, one of which should be a picture of the girl Eric was talking to in your house last week. What girl? You didn't see her? No. And you, Miss Riley... did you see her? Eric wasn't allowed visitors. Yeah, I didn't want to worry you, Nicole. There was... I came home early, and there was a young lady in Eric's room, and I asked her to leave. And that's her in the middle on the bottom row. And that is the woman that we have in custody. [ Exhales sharply ] Thank God. W-why did she do it? She didn't. Actually, Mrs. Riley, she was never in your home, and she never met Eric. And your husband just lied. Isn't that right, Dr. Riley? Now I'm going to explain what's about to happen here. There are how many routes, Lieutenant Tao? 13. 13 routes between your house and the bridge where we found your son. We're out pulling video from cameras along all these routes. Sometime during that journey, we'll find film of the driver of that car who took Eric to that bridge. And if that driver is you, the sooner you tell us, the easier we can make it for you. Provenza : I think you have some experience about what a long and costly trial can do to a family. Be straight with us. Right now. We'll get you an attorney, and we will plead this down to second degree murder. Carl. Carl, what are they saying? Dad, this isn't... What did you do? They're not... What happened?! I mean... What did you do?! It was all starting again! There was going to be more girls, more accusations, and more victims! I found him on our computer, talking to that girl! [ Sobbing ] I confronted him! And do you know what what Eric told me?! To mind my own business! No! That is not my boy! Your boy was a monster, and he was on the verge of ruining all of us! How could you let him out of jail?! How could you?! You knew what he was! How could you?! [ Grunts ] [ Screaming ] Stop... stop it! How could you?! [ Sobbing ] How could you?! [ Sobs ] Sharon : I'm sorry, doctor, but if you had just contacted Eric's parole officer instead of taking justice... That would have only delayed the inevitable! Do you not get that?! Do you not understand?! When I killed him, Eric had a condom in his wallet! He hadn't used it, but he wanted to. All he needed was the chance. I could not just sit and wait for him to start the whole thing all over again! God! [ Pounds on desk ] What choice did I have? That's a good question for your attorney. Let's call him, shall we? I've just spoken with the sheriff's office, and they've scheduled a hearing for you tomorrow at 9:00 A.M. And what about giving me my guns back? We'll forward them to your bosses. Great. I'm probably suspended. That's up to your supervisors. You caught your murderer and ruined my life. Feel good about that? Losing your job is the least of your worries. You had an illegal firearm in your possession. You ran illegal background checks on Eric Riley. There are enough overt acts toward homicide that with your statement, we could still prosecute you for attempted murder. Would you prefer that? Yeah, maybe. Let people judge whether Eric Riley was a victim or not. That's crazy. He's dead. It's over. When you allow your daughter to date a monster and she kills herself, it's never over. Never. [ Door slams ] Rusty : I don't see how feeling sorry for myself will change anything. It won't bring my mom back, won't change what happened to me. Pity is one thing. Sympathy is another. Forget about yourself for a second. Picture... another 15-year-old boy, walking through the zoo at Griffith park, expecting to be picked up by his mom. Picture him waiting. Picture his panic as he begins to understand his mother's not showing up. Picture him with no resources and no clothes and no food and nothing but the knapsack that he was carrying with him, walking three miles back to the apartment where he'd been living, only to find one small suitcase, packed, and left behind. And himself alone. Can you picture that, Rusty? Yeah. I can picture that. Yeah. [ Inhales sharply ] Anything you'd like to say to that boy? I'd t... I'd tell him that it wasn't his fault... And that even though he might have to do some... bad things... [ Sighs ] T-though some bad things might happen to him, that he'd end up with people who cared about him. So... you do have some sympathy for that boy? Yeah. Sure. [ Sniffles ] Okay. Okay. I was supposed to do a straight two days with you, but we had a little trouble getting started, so... Fill out this paperwork, and, uh, I'll make some time for you right before Christmas, and we'll see if we can finish up. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Uh, what about our game? Stalemate. What? No. Not even close. Yeah. I do this. You do that. I do this. You do that. It's done. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Seriously? I-I thought that... I don't mind fighting to a draw if it teaches me something about my opponent. Come in handy next time we play. Meanwhile, fill out the paperwork and have it sent over to my office, and, uh, I'll see you in a couple weeks. Okay. Set them up again. Really? I have nowhere to be right now, so... set them up again. And this time, faster playing and no questions. Let's see what you're really made of. Oh, it's on. It is on. That's a chess clock. Oh, yeah. You said it's on, so it's on. Unless you object to being timed. Oh [Laughs] no, no. I'm ready. [ Clock ticking ] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 