Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Cheaters Never Prosper - Major Crimes 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Cheaters Never Prosper https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=319&t=18733 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/10/12 15:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Cheaters Never Prosper 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [ muffled music, conversations ] 
 [ Music, conversations continue, unmuffled ] 
 [ Muffled music, conversations ] 
 [ Music, conversations continue, unmuffled ] 
 Dude, are you okay? 
 [ Muffled music, conversations ] 
 [ Music, conversations continue, unmuffled ] 
 [ Muffled music, conversations ] 
 [ Music, conversations continue, unmuffled ] 
 [ Panting ] 
 [ Music, conversations fade ] 
 [ Coughing ] 
 [ Coughing continues ] 
 [ Music, conversations resume in distance ] 
 [ Music, conversations fade ] 
 [ Knock on door ] 
 Man : All right, guys, we're closed. 
 Everybody up. 
 Time to go home. 
 [ Door opens, closes ] 
 [ Door handle rattling ] 
 [ Pounds door ] 
 Come on, man. 
 Dude, wake up. 
 Come on, man. Gotta go. 
 Party's over. 
 Open this door, or I'm gonna open it  for  you. 
 [ Grunts ] 
 Ugh! 
 Hey, man? 
 Hey, man, it's time to go, ma... keys in his pocket. 
 No wallet. 
 Don't step in here yet. 
 I have to preserve... The fluids. 
 God. 
 So he didn't valet. 
 Yeah, the guy drives a Ford. 
 See if you can find it parked close by. 
 Why am I here at 3:30  A.M.? 
 Because, instead of calling 911, the owner of the club called his really good friend. and they pronounced the guy at 2:25 A.M. 
 And the body is still in the bathroom stall a full hour later because...? 
 'Cause in order to do a proper alcohol-consumption test, we need the guy's stomach contents, a lot of which is on the floor around the toilet where he threw up. 
 Kendall needs to collect his vomit, too. 
 I don't have to film that, do I? 
 I don't know. 
 Yes, yes... film, film. 
 I mean, even if the guy drank himself to death, until we know better, we got to handle this like a murder. 
 Sykes : The men's room... join the LAPD, see the world, right? 
 None of the staff... 
 Hold on, hold on. 
 What's the matter? 
 There's no visible wounds. 
 And the guy looks like he's in great shape. 
 Hey, I've been there before, but I always got up. 
 Why didn't the bartenders cut him off if he was this drunk? 
 None of the staff I cycled through earlier recognized our dead guy, except for one bartender, who said he stumbled up to a stool a couple hours before last call. 
 Victim didn't order anything, but doesn't mean that someone else wasn't buying him drinks. 
 Yeah, maybe his partner. 
 Partner? 
 You mean, as in the guy is gay? 
 No, sir, as in the guy's a Detective from Las Vegas. 
 Michael V. Adams. 
 I found his official vehicle parked out front, sir, with all this stuff... guy's badge, gun, wallet, ID, two keys for a hotel room, $128 in cash, and a few business cards. 
 Tao : 400 people in this bar... one guy dies, and it happens to be a police Detective? 
 That,  I don't like. 
 Andy, can I have that badge? 
 I want to call Vegas. 
 Flynn. 
 Oh. 
 Uh, yeah, sure. 
 If Detective Adams came here in his police car, he could have been here on duty. 
 Well, then, where's his partner? 
 Why didn't they check in with LAPD? 
 Flynn, how many times have we been to Vegas on business? 
 We never notify them. 
 Well, we're notified now. 
 So, we think too much of a good thing? 
 Possibility, yeah. 
 Well, unless they've been overconsuming for years, people usually pass out before they kill themselves drinking. 
 And this guy does not look like an alcoholic to me. 
 What about asphyxiating on his own vomit? 
 Mm, nothing in his throat, no. 
 I'll run tests, but I think they'll say that the victim had a couple of drinks about six hours before death. 
 And you can tell that how? 
 Two ways. 
 I poured the vomit that Kendall collected into this tray. 
 Would you like to take a whiff? 
 What's the other way? 
 Turn off the light. 
 Watch this. 
 How 'bout that, huh? 
 Looks like he had a hell of a Margarita, but what does it mean? 
 That you have a murder. 
 And your visiting Detective died from Ethylene Glycol poisoning. 
 Antifreeze. 
 Correct. 
 The fluorescent agent is added to detect leaks in cars. 
 Very, very deadly stuff. 
 And you were able to smell this? 
 Such is the life I lead. 
 Okay, Dick Tracy, how'd you know this green glop was antifreeze? 
 Guys stop drinking. 
 They throw out all the alcohol. 
 Wife's happy. 
 Then they get the urge, and they sneak out into the garage and they strain the antifreeze, thinking it'll be okay. 
 And they end up dead. 
 Not a bad way to poison someone. 
 Can you taste this stuff in a drink? 
 Well, they say it's sweet. 
 [ Sniffs ] 
 Hmm. 
 I think it would mix very well with a... Mojito. 
 Or a kamikaze. 
 Okay, look, Detective Adams drives from Vegas to L.A. in his police car, but he wasn't wearing a suit. 
 He left his gun and his badge in the car. 
 Was he here on business or not? 
 Tao : His partner didn't think Adams was working a case. 
 He was surprised he was in L.A. at all. 
 No friends or family. 
 What's the partner's name? 
 Detective Richard Conner. 
 He gave me the victim's basics. 
 Adams was a 10-year veteran of Vegas P.D. 
 He and Conner worked fraud for the last three years. 
 Quite a few open cases. 
 You'll be surprised to learn Vegas has a lot of scams. 
 What? 
 Shocking, I know. 
 Conner has some investigations with connections to L.A. 
 Did he identify any of those connections? 
 No, but, um... 
 When I searched the victim's hotel room, I did find some DMV runs for a Laura Elkins. 
 She lives in Silver Lake, married, two children. 
 No criminal record. 
 Adams ran her name three times in the last two months. 
 She's on her way down to talk to us, but she doesn't know why, ma'am. 
 Did Adams meet or speak with Mrs. Elkins while he was here? 
 Not at his hotel. 
 But the hotel security footage had a great angle on the hallway to his room. 
 And no one but Adams and the maids ever went in or out of the door. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 I'll be in the break room. 
 And if Mr. Dunn ever bothers to show up, tell him that I am not spending the weekend with him till he learns to tell time. 
 Where's the victim's cellphone? 
 He didn't have it on him. 
 Not in his car or at the hotel. 
 Tao : Pinging it. 
 Nothing. 
 I'll let you know if I get back online. 
 Detective, anything else in the hotel room? 
 Just an overnight bag. 
 Though, you know, he had two keys, and the room had a king-size bed. 
 Two keys is standard, even if it's only one person checking in. 
 But also... Condoms. 
 He was a single guy. 
 Boy scouts aren't the only ones who like to be prepared. 
 But  wasn't  prepared, was he? 
 I mean, Adams went into a bar and wound up lying dead on the floor of a bathroom stall. 
 I mean, I'm pretty sure that's not what he came here to do. 
 He drove to Los Angeles in his official vehicle, he had his gun and his badge with him, and someone that he wanted to talk to. 
 And his partner doesn't know? 
 Andy's right... doesn't add up. 
 Tao : If it means anything, without my asking, Detective Adams' partner, Conner, volunteered to put all their cases that have even the smallest link to L.A. in his car and drive them straight to our offices. 
 He'll be here any minute now. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 One moment, Daniel. 
 Lieutenant Tao, let's check on Detective Conner and find out just how far away he is. 
 And please let me know the moment that... what... what's her name? 
 Laura Elkins. 
 Laura Elkins comes. 
 And, uh, I will be in the break room. 
 [ Sighs ] 
 Excuse me. 
 Daniel, this way. 
 We have a little problem. 
 Antifreeze isn't the only thing here that smells off. 
 You got that right. 
 Uh, so, uh, what's the problem? 
 You were supposed to pick Rusty up to spend your first weekend together last night, and you threw him by saying you couldn't come until today, and now you are two hours late, and Rusty doesn't want to go anymore. 
 That's  the problem. 
 I... didn't realize that being late was such a big deal. 
 For a child abandoned by his mother at a zoo and then stood up by her at a bus station, not showing up is a very big deal. 
 And I will not make Rusty go with you today if he doesn't want to, because, frankly, I find your behavior both insensitive and suspicious. 
 S-s-suspicious? What? It's like you're testing this boy out to see if he fits in with your life. 
 And I also find it a little odd that Rusty's grandparents and your sister haven't called. 
 Why is it that  no one  from your family has contacted DCFS? 
 Just... h-hold on. 
 Look, I haven't told my parents about Rusty yet because this problem is... it... 
 [ sighs ] 
 I've been honest with you from the start. 
 My fiancée, Annie... she's got... she's got daughters. 
 They're  young  daughters. 
 And she's much... she's much better off than I am financially. 
 So for me to pop up with a son, to spring that on her, I was afraid that it would look like I was trying to take advantage of her generosity. 
 And it may be hard for you to grasp, but telling Annie about Rusty has created a very difficult situation for me. 
 Rusty  is the one with a difficult situation, Daniel, and the fact that you don't understand that, I find disturbing. 
 You do have DCFS' permission to take your son for the weekend, but I'm not making him go. 
 No, wait. 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
 Annie's expecting to meet him. 
 I  need  Rusty. 
 I don't give a damn what you need. 
 And, by the way, usually, when people tell me that I don't understand their situation, they end up under arrest. 
 H-hold on. 
 Just... just hold on. 
 I... want to fix this. 
 How do I fix this? 
 I'm looking forward to seeing you try. 
 [ Taps table ] 
 [ Smacks lips, inhales deeply ] 
 I gather that you're angry with me because, uh, all the schedule changes. 
 And, on top of everything else, I was on the freeway much... 
 Does your cellphone not work or something? 
 Because calling when you're going to be late is just, like, good manners, dude. 
 I'm sorry, bud. 
 I... 
 I thought that if I pulled off the road to call that I would be even later... 
 When I am really looking forward to something, I'm like an  hour  early. 
 But forget that. 
 What you need to know is that I... wait... 10... minutes, and then I'm gone. 
 Because  my  time is worth something, too. 
 [ Knock on window ] 
 Sharon, it's okay. 
 I got this. 
 If you decide to leave, just talk to me before you go. 
 Daniel. 
 [ Door opens ] 
 [ Sighs ] 
 So, anyway, Mrs. Elkins is here with her two kids. 
 She's in interview room 2. 
 Doesn't seem to be expecting any bad news, but I'd like to try to find out why Adams was so interested in her before we tell her anything about his murder. 
 Captain... Adams' partner, Detective Conner, is on his way up. 
 I'm gonna meet him at the elevator. 
 Thank you, Lieutenant. 
 Let him join you in electronics while we talk to Mrs. Elkins. 
 See if he recognizes her. 
 Yeah. 
 Hi, Mrs. Elkins. 
 I'm Lieutenant Andy Flynn of the LAPD, and this is Captain Sharon Raydor. 
 Hello. 
 Does this mean that someone found my computer? 
 Please say yes. 
 Tao : Well, that was easy. 
 Sharon :  Well, it all depends, ma'am. 
 Um, unfortunately, we're not allowed O... oh. In determining ownership, we need for you to review with us once again how you lost possession of your property and what steps you took to try to find it. Uh, yes, of course. I was at check-in at the Temple resort and casino. In Las Vegas? Yes, and I put my computer bag down while I was hunting for my credit card. And then I stepped away from the front desk because I couldn't find my wallet, and when I came back, my laptop was gone. Were you there on business or... Vacation? Oh. Oh, no. It's always business. I've been traveling a lot lately... too much. Oh, that must be hard... Hey, guys. This is Detective Rich Conner from Vegas. [ Door closes ] He's our victim's partner. That's Buzz, there at the controls. Lieutenant Mike Tao, that you spoke with earlier. Thanks, Detective, for driving down so fast. So sorry for your loss. Thanks. Is this the woman whose license Mike was running? Yes. We were hoping you might recognize her. So am I, Lieutenant. Mrs. Elkins :  I absolutely can't conduct my business without a laptop. Flynn :  Did you make a theft report to the Las Vegas police? Well... Yeah. I mean, of course I did. That's why you called me in, right? [ Scoffs ] Well, they sent out this very nice Detective Adams... who looked for my laptop all over the place and then talked to me  about how not to become a victim of identity theft. Did Detective Adams ever follow up with you? Oh, yes. I spoke to him... Oh, I don't know... several times. He was convinced that someone was going to use the info on my computer to, like, establish a line of credit based on our home equity or something. Did he say why he was worried about that? Well, apparently, he and his partner  have been investigating a lot of cases just like mine. You know, computers stolen from resorts used to tap into people's credit. And then he also said Well, he was right about the danger part. I didn't think they were  that  dangerous. [ Sighs ] Damn it. This is the case she's talking about. Let me get some forms that we would like you to sign that would allow us to monitor your finances. Oh, yeah. That would be great. So, you don't know this woman? Never saw her before. Any reason your partner might not have told you about this? Uh... [ Sighs ] I can't say, but I can tell you what I  do  know. About nine months ago, several of our hotels were reporting laptops being stolen. We later caught some of these thefts using hotel surveillance footage. Suspects appeared to be in their older teens, but they never looked the same way twice. 16 of these stolen laptops were later used in a big identity-theft scheme that... looked to be based here in L.A. All right, hold on a minute. How come you brought all this stuff and your partner didn't, when he was the one out here working the case? I told you I don't know. Oh, yeah? Well, why didn't he notify us that he was in our jurisdiction conducting an investigation? Probably 'cause we called the LAPD. 10 times in the last year. I'd mention credit fraud or identity theft, and whoever I was talking to would practically hang up on me. Now you're all really interested. Because now someone is dead. Murder does raise the stakes somewhat, Detective Conner. Please continue. Conner : We contacted all the credit agencies about the victims I've put up here, set up spreadsheets tracking all their financial accounts. Tao : Looks like the thieves mined all these identities for a few months before taking out loans in their names. And then invested the illegally borrowed money in overseas funds. Well, that verifies Laura Elkins' story. How come she's not up on your board, huh? Tao : Okay, so, if I understand your paperwork, the thieves kept up regular payments on all the improper loans they took out, which amount to about $12 million. Is it even theft if they're paying back the loans and making money for these people? At some point, they'll withdraw the investment income and make off with everything they've borrowed. Probably right before the I.R.S. sends the victims their 1099s. Right, so we have until then to figure out who's behind all this. Flynn : Don't you think your partner may have already done that? Isn't that why he ended up dead on the floor of a men's room? Maybe. You're the homicide expert, not me. When it comes to investigating identity fraud, I try not to jump to conclusions. Provenza : Here's a conclusion I'm surprised you haven't already reached, Detective. It's no longer identity fraud. Now it's murder. I'm going. Are you sure, Rusty? I know when people want something from me, and he wants something. I wish I could go with you. Me too. Come here. Okay. Call me if you need me. I will. Say it again. I  will. Thank you. Don't worry. I'll take good care of him. Okay. Uh, Rusty, be... have a good time. [ Elevator bell dings ] 
 
 [ Classical music plays ] [ Cellphone chimes ] [ Chuckles ] [ Chuckles ] [ Telephone rings ] Tao. Go. Lieutenant Tao. Oh, Captain. I may have had an idea how to find our identity thieves. Uh, go ahead, Captain. I'm putting you on speakerphone. Uh, you have me and Andy. I'm thinking we need to move this Vegas case along a little. Me too. If Adams was here working his investigation, it looks like he may have been offed because he figured something out. And whoever poisoned the guy has to know we're looking for him. But  where  do we look for them? That's the question. These identity thieves have set up highly compartmentalized independent investment accounts inside each of their victims' finances. Yeah, complete with e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and post office boxes. It's like these criminals built themselves an extra space inside these people's lives, with their own separate lines of communication, which we can now use to smoke them out. So what are you thinking, Captain? I'm thinking that we take these credit reports and we send a message to each one of these criminal e-mail accounts with a warning about potential identity fraud. The thieves might try to move all the cash they collected at once. Exactly, and things are easier to see when they're in motion. You want us to do this without informing Detective Conner? Yes, I do. So, what do you want the e-mail to say, Captain? "The Los Angeles Police Department has reason to believe "that you may have been the victim of identity theft "and that fraudulent investments and illegal loans may..." "...may have been improperly taken out in your name. "If you will contact our Major Crimes Division, "we will, at your request, put an investigatory hold "on any and all financial accounts and instruments "currently bearing your social security number. Signed, Captain Sharon Raydor." You just warned these criminals we've got them under surveillance. Maybe they were already onto you. Why do you say that? Because Mike did some DMV runs of this Elkins woman and came to Los Angeles? We say your surveillance was blown because Detective Adams, your partner, was murdered. Or do you not find that suspicious? I know sending this e-mail out risked everything that Mike and I were working on for the last year. Not really. Look how we're spending our Saturday. Sanchez : ...400,000 U.S. dollars. Let me take a guess... for income tax purposes, you also need the name of... Flynn : That e-mail you're complaining about freaked out our identity thieves. As you can see, we've gotten ahold of everyone's credit reports, and we're watching the movement of their illegally invested funds. All of the money, including the borrowed principal, is being transferred into the same account at one of our finer investment banks. Now, we have the account number, and we're freezing everything as it comes in. Now all we need to determine is who the account belongs to. It's gonna be someone else whose identity has been stolen, and you'll only have the money. Wai... hang on, hang on, hang on. Julio... Julio has it. Yes, ma'am, account number... 26-17-52-4-6-3. Dr. Jeremy Thomas Durban Jr. Date of birth... 3/14/66. Okay. Buzz, sending you his social. And when did Dr. Durban open this account? Three hours ago? Okay, that's very interesting. Could you e-mail me that form to the address on the warrant, please? Thank you, ma'am. [ Hangs up receiver ] Okay, I'm showing Dr. Jeremy Durban... same social security, same date of birth... Professor of economics at Santa Monica university. Highly unusual coming in on a Saturday for a consultation. And I'm especially busy today. Which is why I offered to pay you $5,000 for the inconvenience. Look, Dr. Durban, I've heard such really good things about your insights. And I've only inherited this money a couple of years ago, and I'm not sure I have it invested properly. I  know you can help me. Well, taking your check feels a little like cheating since I'm only going to tell you what I tell my students, which is... all things being equal, most people aren't even experienced enough to manage their own checking accounts, much less investments. And that's even truer of  your  demographic... black and female... which lacks a considerable depth of field when it comes to money management. Be careful in there, Sykes. If Professor Durban turns out to be our identity thief, then he's probably also our murderer. I understand, and if you think I should stop supervising this portfolio myself, I'll be happy to put it right where you recommend. Okay, Sykes, keep your fingers off the glass, and let's see if this guy is who he says he is. Buzz : Okay, print program is up and running. Would you like me to open it? No. No, I'm well acquainted with much more advanced technology than this. It's almost too simple. I preferred computing before it was just another way of distracting the Hoi Polloi. [ Beeping ] All right, let's see. Okay, Amy, I'm getting started. Encourage him to touch the device. The stocks are, um, on this page, and if you push the links, you can go to  the individual real-estate investments and bonds, et cetera. Buzz, keep isolating and sending me copies of his prints. Markets are jumpy right now. My God. You have $20 million here. $6 million in reits alone. What's your return on those? Okay, I'm getting a name... Ronald David Andrews. And he has a record... for fraud. Flynn : So he a crook. That's pretty impressive. Do you think this guy could kill someone? Lieutenant, you're getting another name. Oh. Jeffrey Myers Breimer. And... God... Donald Clayton Bridge Jr. Flynn : He's beginning to sound like a crowd. Come on, Julio, before we have to call backup to arrest all of him. Flynn, I really don't see this guy as having been hanging out at the club where we found Adams. I don't know... the kids stealing computers in Vegas? Probably Dr. dumb dumb's students. Maybe one of them slipped Adams the antifreeze. It doesn't matter... I want to arrest him 'cause I can't stand listening to him anymore. Oh! He's also Franklin G. Robinson. Wonder what the "G" stands for. "Goofball." Tao : All right, Amy. He's the bad guy. Here they come. Well, good news is, you're rich. Bad news is, you aren't gonna make any money off your capital, because it's improperly invested. Hie thee to one of the bigger brokerages. I'm not a fan of their fees, which tend to eat up too much of your gains over... My God. What... what's going on? Thanks for the advice. Now we have some for  you, Dr. Blowhard. You're under arrest for the murder of Detective Michael Adams of the Las Vegas Police Department. You have the right to remain silent, and I can't wait for that. You have the right to an attorney... I feel that there have been some very serious errors made here. I am a Professor of economics... and here's a statistic you might not know... almost 100% of people in the cop-killing demographic end up earning the death penalty. Let me ask you Ronald David Jeffrey Myers Donald Clayton Franklin G. Dr. Jeremy Thomas Durban, are you sure that none of you want an attorney? I've committed no crime. No one ever lost any money or even paid an extra penny in taxes because of what I've done. Oh, and I didn't kill anyone last night. The idea I was out clubbing anywhere is ridiculous. And Vegas? [ Scoffs ] I... never... gamble. And the people who go there... No, I don't do Vegas. Check my travel. Uh... Under what name? We found 30 driver's licenses in your residence alone. The lady has a point, Dr. John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt. Okay, look. Let's try a little informal agreement, hmm? I won't call an attorney if you don't charge me with murder before you let me explain how everything was done and prove conclusively that I have never killed anyone or committed fraud. No fraud? What about the college where you're teaching, impersonating the real Dr. Jeremy Durban, who actually teaches in Missoula, Montana? [ Sighs ] When you check Dr. Durban's credit report, as you should... as you should with  all these identities you've found...  those credit reports... which are the best way of monitoring identity theft, as you know... all those credit reports  will tell you that I never, ever, even once, stole anything or failed to repay a loan. What's up, Captain? He's right. Credit reports aren't just the  best  way to monitor identity theft... they're almost the  only  way. That's true, yeah. So why does Detective Adams keep running up Laura Elkins' driver's license? Her credit report wasn't in the package that Conner brought from Las Vegas, was it? No, it wasn't. We had to ask permission to monitor her finances. Buzz, keep an eye on nutty Professor here for a minute, will you? If he admits to killing anyone... I'll come find you. I promise you, I am fully capable of defending myself... Tao : We didn't find any of the computers that were stolen. They were probably stripped and dumped. But we do have a lot of flash drives. Did you find one for Laura Elkins? Uh, now that you mention it... No. It's not with any of her other stuff, either, ma'am. May I see Laura's financial report, please? Look, guys, I just want to remind you, I never said this woman's laptop had anything to do... you knew that she wasn't involved in your investigation from the beginning, and you let us believe so. No. In fact, just the opposite. I told you I didn't know anything about her. I told you not to jump to conclusions. Can you think of any other reason your partner was doing DMV runs on Laura Elkins three times in the past six weeks? I'd only be guessing, ma'am. Have a seat. [ Sighs ] This might be a good time to tell you that I've spent almost my entire career in internal affairs, and I am  this  close to calling your department and starting an inquiry into your conduct. She ain't kiddin', pal. Okay. All right. I don't know if this is related, but this Elkins woman... she was Mike's type. Type in what way? Here's how it worked with him. He'd... he'd go out and interview victims, and if he could end up helping them and they were, you know, an attractive woman, he'd... he'd talk them into a one-nighter. Maybe even a two-nighter. Mike was just one of those guys that fell in love every time he pulled his pants down. And if the girl gave him any kind of encouragement at all, even complimenting his shoelaces, you know, he'd pursue it. Pursue? As in stalk? I'm gonna find out. A woman filed a complaint against Mike about 7 months ago, and the department gave him a warning. And when I look into this warning that your partner was issued, will it say that you knew nothing about that incident, either, Detective? How many women did he do this to before he was caught? Mike... Mike was my partner. We didn't talk about... Hey! Listen to me, Conner. We just ran our asses off solving your identity-theft case while you stood here withholding information on the murder of a police officer. Now, the captain asked you... how many women did Adams treat like Elkins?! I-I don't think any. It looks to me, if he drove out here for this Elkins woman, his behavior may have been escalating. You think? Is there anyone else that we should be looking at in L.A., or is Mrs. Elkins the only one? I just found a big problem on her financial statement. And that would be...? She said the computer was necessary for her to conduct her business, right? Oh, you... You found my laptop. Yes, we did. You gave us permission to monitor your financial history, and we noticed that you hadn't purchased another computer anywhere. And there were no charges from anyone in your family on any of the credit cards over $200 since your trip to Vegas. Flynn :  The Detectives that called you back down here tonight  were waiting down the street from your house. And when you left, they entered your residence with a search warrant. [ Chuckles ] And surprise, surprise. Look what we found sitting right on your desk... the laptop you reported stolen. So, given the miraculous nature of this discovery, I thought that it would be a good idea to give you a chance to explain, once again, your relationship with Detective Adams. That is why we read you your rights... because we want to hear your side of the story before we talk with your husband. Uh... [ Voice breaking ] You don't... you don't know what that guy put me through. Then tell us what happened. All right. So, I was checking in to my hotel in Vegas, He explained to me how, by losing it... I had exposed myself potentially to this identity-theft ring and that... I was no longer safe. And, um, well... He offered to spend the night. Look, I know it was a mistake. But I just... I thought... You thought you could put it behind you? Go home? No one would ever find out? But then... Then he kept calling me. And at first, And "did you check your credit report, like I told you to?" But then it became all about did I have feelings for him, like he did for me. And I-I said no. And I  kept  saying no through about 30 phone calls and I-I don't know how many text messages. And then... I came home one day... And he was sitting in my house with my husband, Jonathan, and our children, explaining to them how he wanted to make sure that I wasn't involved in this... Identity-theft thing. And... I wanted to scream. But instead, I walked him to his car, and I said to stay away from me and my family. And then he said, "or what?" Please... please just say you understand the situation I was in. Yeah, we understand. The guy was threatening you. Yes, exactly, and that's... He  insisted. Insisted And he was saying all these... all these crazy things, like... like how I had to go  to his hotel room with him and walk away from my home and set myself free. So I pretended to think about it while we were drinking, and... God, please. Please tell me you understand what I was going through. Oh, yeah. I mean, you'd be surprised how often we hear this kind of story. I mean, no kidding. Uh, but let's go back to the bar, because it seems like you were trying to give the guy a chance to back off. And you only brought the antifreeze with you in case he wouldn't. That kind of thing could happen to anybody. Yeah. He was completely off his rocker. Marriage is tough enough. You add a third person... And he was going to talk to my husband  himself  if I wouldn't do it. So... I-I slipped about [Sniffles] an ounce of the antifreeze into his drink  when he went to the bathroom. But then I got him another drink, and I put some more antifreeze in it. And [Sniffles] I played like I was gonna go along with him, you know? [ Sniffles ] And I took his phone without him noticing, and I told him I was gonna go home to say goodbye to my husband and my children. Thank God he didn't physically assault you. Oh, no. Yeah. Thank God. I mean, could you even imagine if he had tried  to force himself on me? Okay, look... We don't... we don't have to tell my husband about this... about this, right? No, we don't. But we do have to have a little chat with the Deputy District Attorney,  right, Lieutenant? Definitely. I mean, we get how terrible this is for you, ma'am, Oh, and your husband could very well find out about  that. No, I... wait! Wait! Listen! He was threatening me! What else could I have done?! You could have called the Las Vegas police and turned him in. You could have told your husband, refused to go to a bar with antifreeze in your purse, or maybe not have slept with the guy to begin with. But you know what? That's not really any of my business. But if I were you right now, Mrs. Elkins, I would stop talking before you explain yourself onto death row. Don't get too excited back there, guys. This is pretty cut-and-dry, but I still have a deal to make before we close shop. Look out, Dr. Goofball. You're next. See here's the best I can do for you Professor Durban. We've looked over everything you've done in the state of California, and we can't prove that you intended to permanently deprive your  victims  of the money you  borrowed  from them. Which is what I said, so... Provenza : So, since your more serious offenses appear to have occurred in Nevada... Unh! Unh! I was never in Nevada. It's time you went. So, if you will sign these waivers of extradition, you can go with Detective Conner here and you can see Las Vegas. And then you can deal with whatever charges they have against you the same way you did here. Ohh, if I must. And please don't be too hard on those young people I enlisted in this little laptop escapade. All they really got out of it was good grades. Oh, Detective Conner, I look forward to explaining Nevada law to you all the way back to your hometown. Flynn : Hey, Conner. I'd say I felt sorry for you, but you earned it. You know, I'd be willing to bet that he's able to talk his way out of Nevada just like he did here. Sykes : But then he still has to deal with all his outstanding warrants in, uh, Illinois, Montana, Kentucky, Florida, and Vermont. You  caught him. Let someone else pay to prosecute him. Tao : And somewhere down the line, we'll find out who this Durban really is. People always give themselves away. Sooner or later. [ Sighs ] [ Sighs ] Rusty? Rusty, are you home? What happened? Rusty : [ Muffled ] Can we talk about it in the morning? Is everything all right? Do I owe Daniel a call? Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I'm coming. Just [Sighs] just don't freak out, okay? [ Gasps ] Oh, my God. Look, don't worry. I-I didn't hit him back. I just ran, and I used the $100 you gave me to get a cab. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What did he do to you? Come up here and let me see you in the light. [ Sighs ] What happened? [ Sighs ] Annie, his obnoxious fiancée, was asking me all these, like, really personal questions about, like, how I'd gotten along without my mother. And then I thought, you know, like, why not just get the whole gay-hustling thing out there? And then when I did that, Annie kind of freaked out. And then... [ Sighs ] Daniel took me outside to talk. And then he accused me of, like, trying to ruin his wedding. And then I told him that I could care less about his stupid wedding. And then... then he hit me. Why didn't you call me? Because, Sharon, I knew you would be upset. And I wanted to think things through, and... we're past the ice stage on my face. How can you be so sure? I'm sure. My, um... My mother's boyfriend used to do this sort of thing to me like once a week. Until I beat the crap out  him. And then, the next day, he and my mom dropped me off at the zoo. So now you know everything. Look, did I do anything I need to apologize for? No. We are past the apology stage of our relationship with Mr. Dunn, and we have moved on to the "please don't let me drive over to his house" and shoot him in the head" phase. [ Sighs ] On the bright side, I guess I don't have to go back to Daniel's house now, right? No. But there's a good chance that he's going to come over here. Oh. Wait a minute. Before I put this stuff on your bottom lip, lift your head up. Why? I'm gonna take some pictures. [ Camera clicks ] One more. [ Camera clicks ] Let me get in close. [ Camera clicks ] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 