Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Yukon Gold Rush War - Blood Feuds 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Yukon Gold Rush War https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=540&t=24768 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/17/16 00:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Yukon Gold Rush War 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : Our nation is built upon a history of battles fought over honor, family, and power. These bloody and iconic chapters define what it truly means to be an American. These are Blood Feuds. 
 At the height of the Klondike Gold Rush, Skagway, Alaska is America's last frontier. 
 [Gunshots] 
 Skagway is the entrée to the gold fields. 
 Control Skagway, and you control the wealth of the Yukon. 
 Narrator : Two men are locked in a power battle for the town. 
 Put that rope down. 
 One is "Soapy" Smith, a notorious criminal driven by greed. 
 Soapy was the king of the frontier continent. 
 Narrator : The other is Frank Reid, a vigilante bent on revenge. 
 Reid killed a man because of his bad temper. 
 Soapy Smith has too much control over this town. 
 There was a tension. 
 And this tension slowly built. 
 Narrator : It's an epic feud that starts with money but will end in blood. 
 Smith : Bring them in, dead or alive... 
 That statement guaranteed bloodshed in Skagway. 
 I'm Soapy Smith. 
 I've run the cleverest con games in the west. 
 But now, I'm here in Skagway, Alaska to clean up on the Yukon Gold Rush. 
 This is a town I mean to own. 
 And Frank Reid ain't gonna stand in my way. 
 Name's Frank Reid. 
 The frontier is a place where a man can build something new. 
 But Soapy Smith and his scams are making things hard for me. 
 I mean to put a stop to it. 
 You can't stop me. 
 My God. Don't shoot. 
 Narrator : Frank Reid's and Soapy Smith's fates collide in 1897, during the great Klondike Gold Rush. 
 The front pages of newspapers screaming, "Gold. Gold. Gold." 
 Narrator : As news spreads, men from all over the west pack their bags and board ships bound for Alaska. 
 They came from San Francisco. 
 They came from Portland. They came from Seattle. 
 The Yukon offered a get-rich-quick type of thing. 
 Narrator : But most of the men have no idea what they're in for. 
 What you saw from the boat was a forbidding landscape, towering mountains. 
 It was cold. 
 Narrator : There are two main harbors that lead to the Yukon trail where the gold is. 
 Dyea is the most direct route, but it's through the notoriously treacherous Chilkoot Trail. 
 The other longer but less rigorous path is via a desolate outpost called Skagway. 
 Spangenberger : Skagway comes from an old Indian name meaning cruel, deadly winds coming down. 
 Narrator : In the harsh early days, Skagway becomes the first place where many newcomers to the Yukon would pitch their tent. 
 Some of these men are here to try out their luck in the gold fields. 
 Others see a chance to make money off the miners. 
 And many are here to put their pasts behind them. 
 There was a popular song during the Gold Rush which was called "What was your name in the States?" 
 You could leave your entire past behind. 
 You could start over again. 
 Narrator : One man looking for a new start is a tough frontiersman from the western states named Frank Reid. 
 He's a land surveyor and former soldier who is trying to escape from a dark past. 
 Reid had killed a man in Oregon. 
 Spangenberger : He killed him because of his bad temper. 
 It was a neighbor that there was just some animosity brewing between them. 
 The neighbor passed by him without acknowledging him. 
 And that offended Reid's sense of honor. 
 Hutton : The altercation was a real reflection of his demand for respect. 
 He had a real edge to him. 
 Narrator : Haunted by the killing, Reid yearns to put his demons behind him and contain his hair-trigger temper. 
 He had a checkered past, but he wanted stability. 
 He wanted something better. 
 Narrator : Reid sees the Klondike as his chance for redemption. 
 I don't think Reid was looking so much for the gold as for the opportunities that the Gold Rush was gonna create. 
 He sees a new chance to remake himself 'cause that's what the west is all about. 
 Narrator : When Reid arrives in Skagway in the summer of 1897, he's one of the early settlers. 
 It's totally a sea of mud. 
 Heaven help you if you fell 'cause you're likely just to drown in the muck. 
 Narrator : The cold and the mud are only part of the problem. 
 With no rules or oversight in this harsh environment, Skagway is a lawless place. 
 But Frank Reid sees promise. 
 He teams up with some other settlers who share his vision to create a real town from the chaos and mud. 
 Man : Where do we get started? 
 Well, I was a surveyor down in the lower 48. 
 I thought maybe I could help lay out your roads. 
 He's looking for an opportunity. 
 And, of course, he has the skill set, which no one else has, to lay out the town. 
 He's rewarded with a secure place amongst the leaders of Skagway. 
 Narrator : Soon, there are primitive streets, a stable, and an inn to house some of the miners. 
 Frank Reid's mission is now to tame this town and create law and order from the frontier chaos. 
 He wants to be a founding father of something great. 
 Narrator : Thus far, he's been able to keep his violent temper in check. 
 But he's about to meet a foe who will ignite his fury and spark an epic battle for the town that soon turns deadly. 
 One of the newer arrivals in Skagway is Jefferson Randolph Smith. 
 He's a man on the run from his bad reputation. 
 Jeff was the king of the frontier con men. 
 That's what he's most well known for. 
 Step right up. Who feels like trying their luck today? 
 Three-card monte. 
 Narrator : He's a slippery character, true to his nickname... 
 Soapy Smith. 
 You got the lucky streak in your eye. 
 How about you step up there? 
 Just a dollar to play, huh? 
 This one right here. 
 All right. 
 I got the ace of spades. 
 And they're dancing. They're flying. 
 Narrator : Having just arrived in Skagway, this infamous con man keeps a low profile at first in order to scope out the town. 
 With a history of organizing major cons and robberies all over the west, he's currently on the lam from Denver, Colorado, where he was the kingpin of a powerful crime syndicate and had been wanted for murder. 
 There were several times where he was arrested for possibly killing people. 
 But most of the time, it was swept under the rug. 
 And he had enough power to get out of the charge and get out of a prison sentence. 
 Hutton : He bought and paid for protection from the police. 
 He had been very, very successful. 
 Oh. Better luck next time, all right? Who's next? 
 Step right up! 
 Narrator : But when Soapy's corrupt ways finally get him run out of Denver, he's forced to find somewhere new. 
 When he hears of the Gold Rush in Alaska, he arrives in Skagway with a singular mission... 
 Take this town for all it's worth. 
 As he always does in a new place, Soapy finds some accomplices and sets up shop by opening a saloon. 
 The legend has it that Soapy arrived and right away began working the machinery behind the scenes, as he had done in all of his others towns, setting up the gang and setting up his various establishments. 
 Narrator : The saloon has gambling tables, whiskey flowing around the clock, and ladies of the night. 
 In this den of sin, Soapy and his gang run their scams and robberies. 
 Soapy is about con operations, and he's about pickpockets and stealing people's money when they're in bed with a prostitute. 
 This is the way he makes his money. 
 And, of course, he's running crooked card games. 
 Narrator : With all this debauchery and theft and the unsavory characters who come with it, crime and violence begin to emerge in this small frontier town. 
 [Gun cocks, gunshot] 
 Hutton : For Frank Reid and others who had come into Skagway hoping to establish something good, Soapy Smith was an incredible threat. 
 Narrator : As legend has it, after hearing rumors of Smith's illegal ventures, Reid stops by Soapy's saloon to confront him. 
 And he seethes with anger over the depravity he discovers inside. 
 Whoa! 
 When Reid sees a drunk causing trouble at the bar, he snaps... 
 Get the hell out of here. 
 ... and throws the scoundrel out. 
 Reid's focus quickly turns to Soapy, the criminal who threatens to destroy Skagway. 
 Reid thought that Jefferson Randolph Smith was a scourge on the community, that he was bad for business, that they didn't need to have his kind around. 
 Narrator : Soapy knows Frank Reid is one of the town pioneers who stands for law and order, so he expected this visit would come eventually. 
 But he doesn't like anyone putting a hand on his customers. 
 I appreciate you trying to protect my place. 
 But I don't mind a guy getting drunk. 
 That's sort of the idea of the business. 
 I want to see this place get built up, not torn down by a bunch of drunks. 
 They weren't immediately hostile to each other, but they certainly weren't friendly, either. 
 And so there's a tension. 
 Narrator : Soapy tries to determine how much of a threat this lawman might be. 
 Soapy : So, what brings you up here? 
 You ain't out hunting for gold in the fields. 
 You aiming to stick around, settle down? 
 It's the wrong place for that. 
 I intend to stick around. 
 Narrator : The men part ways, but both can see it's only a matter of time before the two collide. 
 Hites : Frank Reid was trying to find an opportunity, trying to get Skagway built. 
 Soapy just wanted to continue the old ways. 
 Narrator : Soapy knows that Frank Reid could pose some serious problems for him. 
 Reid is dedicated to shutting down Soapy's illegal operations to prevent Skagway from falling into corruption and lawlessness like so many other old west towns had in the wake of the civil war. 
 Reid had traveled all over the west to boom towns before. 
 He knew the kind of people that lived there. 
 And, of course, the arrival of Soapy Smith was just a nightmare. 
 Here is exactly the sort of con artist that had been run out of all sorts of towns. 
 He's the last thing that they wanted in Skagway. 
 Narrator : Determined to rid the town of gambling and thievery, Reid meets with the other founding fathers to sound the alarm and get organized. 
 The group said, "Okay. We're gonna take on the job of trying to keep some semblance of civilization here." 
 Narrator : In this distant frontier town with no police force or militia, the men band together with one goal in mind... to establish law and order in Skagway. 
 I'm here to propose Skagway is kept a safe city. 
 Hear, hear. Somebody's got to keep order. 
 The pioneers of Skagway have to make their own government and their own rule. 
 I propose that we form a committee to deal with some of the welfare issues of this city. 
 Narrator : The group calls itself "The Committee of 101," named after the many members who joined the cause. 
 For the Committee of 101, for Frank Reid, it's all about power, and it's all about money. 
 We have a real opportunity here to become very, very wealthy. 
 But to have money, you've got to have decency and safety and law and order. 
 Let's make Skagway into the jeweled city of the northwest. 
 Narrator : But the new Committee of 101 knows there's one thing standing directly in their way... 
 Soapy and his gang of thieves. 
 They couldn't do much about it at that point. 
 It was too early on. 
 Narrator : As a first order of business, a U.S. marshal is appointed. 
 But deep down, Reid knows he may have to personally step in to keep Soapy in line. 
 There's no question that Frank Reid is one of the few men in town with a real reputation. 
 He certainly is one of the few men in town who everyone knew had killed someone. 
 Narrator : Meanwhile, Soapy Smith is busy quietly building his criminal empire. 
 He has already won over the more corruptible merchants in town to support his cons, promising he'll never fleece a local, just the miners passing through. 
 Some merchants were behind him. 
 As long as they weren't a part of the actual cons, they could look the other way and just profit from it. 
 Soon, hundreds of men are on his payroll. 
 And Soapy, ever the smooth talker, starts winning over the rest of the town, as well. 
 Hutton : He's such a charmer, he's soon got everybody in his pocket. 
 Some of them are in his pocket 'cause he's filling their pockets. 
 But a lot of folks are just won over by this guy. 
 He's so charming. 
 Narrator : Soapy Smith and his criminal soap gang have big plans for Skagway. 
 And he's not gonna let Frank Reid stop him. 
 The battle for Skagway will soon be fought and will end in blood. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Narrator : It's 1897. 
 In the wild frontier town of Skagway, Alaska, Frank Reid and other citizens have formed a committee to maintain the law. 
 These men want to build a community, and they want to make money. 
 But to have money, you've got to have law and order. 
 Narrator : Standing in Frank Reid's way is con artist Soapy Smith and his criminal soap gang. 
 His method of making money is by scamming the miners who come through town. 
 His newest business is a telegraph company to take advantage of lonely miners trying to reach loved ones back home. 
 I'd like to send a telegram to my wife. 
 Of course. 
 Go in, "want to send a telegram." 
 The telegrapher would write down your message and then hammer out your message right there on the wire. 
 Louise, I arrived at this here place safe. 
 So people would come in. 
 They'd pay $5 and send a telegram. 
 But, of course, it was all fake. 
 Hites : There were no telegraph wires strung to Skagway in 1897. 
 Okay. That'll be $5. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Narrator : The money is rolling in. 
 And this is just one of Soapy's scams. 
 When Frank Reid hears rumors about Soapy's growing criminal enterprise, he's furious. 
 Hites : If word gets out that Skagway is a dangerous place to bring your gold out through, all the gold for the entire Klondike is gonna go out through other port cities. 
 Skagway will be destroyed economically. 
 Narrator : According to legend, Reid decides to confront Soapy about his scams. 
 But he has to be careful. 
 Soapy's goons are everywhere. 
 And Reid doesn't want his bad temper to get the best of him. 
 You know, I don't begrudge a man for making a buck. 
 But I don't like the way you're going about it. 
 I'm not hurting anybody in this town. 
 Me and my boys are only fleecing money off of these miners on their way out to the Klondike. 
 Now, some of those boys don't even know how to survive out there anyways. 
 I'm saving their lives. 
 Narrator : Reid warns him, the Committee of 101 will no longer tolerate Soapy's scams. 
 Hutton : Reid and his friends were determined to shut down Soapy's operations. 
 You know, this little problem of yours will go away real quick if you just look the other way. 
 Hutton : One of the ways you survived on the frontier as long as Frank Reid had is you don't allow people to push you around. 
 I can't do that. 
 Narrator : But Soapy won't be pushed around either. 
 There's only one man in Alaska who can get me if I'm ever got. 
 You'll be the man to do it. 
 I know. 
 Narrator : Soapy knows his interests are directly threatened by Reid and his committee. 
 And he's not prepared to let that happen. 
 So he recruits some of Skagway's roughest elements to be bodyguards. 
 And he starts to carry around his own formidable weapon wherever he goes... an 1892 Winchester rifle. 
 Spangenberger : This 1892 Winchester was a handy gun and certainly good as a man killer. 
 Narrator : But tough guy Frank Reid remains unafraid. 
 Everyone can feel a confrontation is coming. 
 And, soon enough, it does. 
 It starts with one of Soapy's men, a bartender in a popular saloon. 
 It was a bartender by the name of John Fay and a patron who was drunk and angry that he had lost some money in the saloon. 
 And he complained. 
 Hey, bartender, I said I want my change. 
 Narrator : John Fay has allegedly pocketed the drunk customer's change. 
 It's one of Soapy's common scams. 
 It was done, usually, to people passing through. 
 But it wasn't done often to people who were locals or local working men because it brought on bad business. 
 Fay : You ain't getting nothing back. 
 Had enough of your damn... get the hell out of here. 
 I'm... I'm coming back! 
 Fay says, "you do that, I'm gonna shoot you when you come back in," and threw him out of the saloon. 
 Narrator : Undeterred, the drunk patron runs to get help outside the bar. 
 And he runs into, by chance, deputy Marshal Rowan going by him in the streets. 
 Narrator : The marshal agrees to go back with him to the bar to settle the dispute. 
 Hites : They go back into the saloon. 
 As they go through the door, Fay shoots both of them. 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Woman screams] 
 McGrath is dead instantly. 
 And Rowan, the deputy marshal, is taken off to Doc Moore's office, where they lay him down. 
 He dies there. 
 Narrator : John Fay, one of Soapy's men, has now killed the deputy marshal and another Skagway citizen. The gunman runs to Soapy for help. Fay ran to him for protection. Now, Soapy, being the fixer, he grabbed Fay and hid him. 
 
 
 
 Narrator : News of the killings circulates through town and reaches the Committee of 101. 
 There's been a shooting at the people's saloon. 
 John Fay killed two men, and one of them was Marshal Rowan. 
 Let's go! 
 Yeah. 
 Come on. 
 Narrator : Enraged, the Committee of 101 knows that the time has come to take a stand against these criminals and is determined to find justice for the innocent men shot down in cold blood. 
 This is the first time since his new life in Skagway that Reid risks showing flashes of the temper that could lead to murder. 
 The noose is grabbed. 
 [All shouting indistinctly] 
 But Soapy isn't about to let one of his men get taken by this mob. 
 He's gonna show his rival, Frank Reid, that he won't give up control of the town without a fight. 
 Narrator : It's January 1898. 
 In Skagway, Alaska, a lawless gold-rush town on the verge of chaos, John Fay, an associate of criminal boss Soapy Smith, has killed two men... 
 [Gunshots] 
 ... in cold blood. 
 Fay shot both men dead. 
 Now, there was a mob, and they were hungry for revenge. 
 Narrator : Furious, the Committee of 101 rallies to seek justice for the murdered citizens. 
 This could be their shot to take down Soapy, the criminal boss of Skagway. 
 But Soapy Smith isn't about to let the committee get one of his men. 
 Soapy, of course, got John Fay and had him protected by some of his friends. 
 It's time we take the law into our own hands, gentlemen. 
 You're a bunch of cowardly, rope-pulling sons of bitches. 
 Hites : As legend has it, Soapy literally stands in front of the angry crowd and says, you know, "if anybody tries to get to Fay, they got to come through me." 
 Narrator : The standoff represents two very different men... 
 One on the side of law and order, the other, crime and corruption. 
 Bring Fay out here, Soapy. 
 You're protecting a murderer. 
 He killed two men in cold blood and one, the only lawman in this town. 
 [All shouting indistinctly] 
 Narrator : Soapy can see he's outnumbered, so he tries a different tack... his gift for persuasion. 
 Put that rope down, Reid. 
 We hold to the law here, not vigilante justice. 
 No lynching is gonna go on here tonight. 
 Not many people can talk down a violent mob, one that wants to hang. 
 But Soapy was so good at talking his way out of problems. 
 Narrator : He convinces the crowd that he is the one who is standing up for the law and a fair trial, and that the Committee of 101 is nothing but a group of reckless vigilantes. 
 Hutton : Soapy's pretending to be a law-and-order man when, of course, he's leading the outlaws. 
 It's so frustrating for Reid, who sees Soapy for what he is. 
 And yet, Soapy wins over everybody. 
 Go home, now. 
 I'll make sure Fay doesn't go anywheres until the law gets here. 
 Narrator : For Frank Reid, it's a humiliating defeat. 
 Spangenberger : The vigilantes and Frank Reid, I'm sure they thought, "Okay, boys. This is our chance. Now we can get rid of Soapy." 
 But it didn't work. 
 And I'm sure they were very angry. 
 Narrator : To make matters worse, in the days following, Soapy plays up the role of town hero. 
 And many townspeople are won over despite the fact that Soapy is protecting a murderer. 
 The con man uses his deep pockets to win over more support. 
 He helped start churches and helped people in need. 
 If somebody was sick or in trouble, he would help them out. 
 Narrator : But Soapy's public good deeds can't mask what Reid knows is really going on in Skagway. 
 Crime and violence is spiraling out of control. 
 Haydn : Skagway had become so notorious as a place where people got clipped of all their money that they didn't want to even go into the town. 
 Narrator : On March 7th, 1898, a young miner named Peter Clancy Bean is ambushed on a road outside Skagway. 
 The same day, Skagway records a shocking 12 robberies. 
 Hites : As the story goes, Skagway was a wicked place little better than Hell on earth, probably the roughest place in the world. 
 [Woman screams] 
 Narrator : Reid blames Soapy and his goons for it all. 
 Everything that he fought for is being destroyed. 
 And he's being played for the fool. 
 It's no longer enough to try and stop Soapy from pulling his scams in town. 
 Now he wants the con man gone from Skagway for good. 
 The day after the murder, the committee posts a public warning that all bunco and sure-thing men best leave town. 
 Hites : Warning... 
 All con men and other objectionable characters are hereby notified to leave Skagway on the White Pass road immediately. 
 Narrator : There is only one objectionable character the Frank and the committee are after... Soapy Smith. 
 This broadside was literally published and nailed around town overnight. 
 Narrator : But Soapy is undeterred. 
 Hites : He responded with a flyer that said to the Committee of 101, "no vigilantes will be tolerated in this town," signed, "The Law and Order Committee of 317." 
 317 was the address of his saloon. 
 [Laughs] 
 It was a joke. 
 It was a response immediately showing what contempt Jeff Smith held the public safety committee. 
 Narrator : Frank Reid has had enough. 
 We're gonna run you and your gang out of this town. 
 I wager you won't. 
 I got this whole town behind me. 
 You and your vigilantes ain't running me anywhere. 
 It's just a matter of time, Soapy. 
 Narrator : Reid reportedly makes it clear that if Soapy won't leave on his own, the committee will gather every good man they can and force him out. 
 The battle lines are drawn. 
 And Reid is planning his line of attack. 
 Soapy realizes just how big the stakes are. 
 This is his future in Skagway. 
 If Frank Reid and his men are gathering a mob, he'll do them one better. 
 He'll raise an army. 
 It so happens that, on February 15th, 1898, an American warship patrolling international waters is bombed off the coast of Cuba. 
 In response, President William McKinley calls for military volunteers. 
 Soapy uses this international incident over 3,000 miles away as a front to raise a militia. 
 Hites : He puts up the sign... Skagway Recruiting Office. 
 This is where you sign up to become a member of the potential military unit that would be able to be offered up to the secretary of war. 
 I don't suppose that Jeff Smith was caught up in patriotic fervor. 
 This was part of his attempt to create his own group of soldiers. 
 Hites : This was a way to have the town going, "My gosh. This guy has got an army." 
 Narrator : The blood feud has taken a dangerous turn. 
 Soapy Smith now has his own militia. 
 For these two men, this is war. 
 [Man shouting indistinctly] 
 At stake, the control of Skagway and their lives. 
 Narrator : It's 1898. 
 There's a battle brewing over control of one of America's last frontier towns... 
 Skagway, Alaska, on the edge of the Klondike. 
 Hutton : Skagway is the entrée to the gold fields. 
 Control Skagway, and you control the wealth of the Yukon. 
 Narrator : Con artist Soapy Smith has just recruited a militia to protect his criminal operations in town. 
 And so Frank Reid and the Committee of 101 rethink their plan to drive Soapy out of Skagway by force. 
 The committee was definitely threatened by Soapy's Skagway military company. 
 He's got all these guys in his little private army. 
 The legend grows from there, that Soapy was the dictator of the town. 
 It would've been extremely frustrating if you were Frank Reid. 
 That could not have possibly set well with him. 
 Narrator : The committee is gonna have to wait for the right moment but will need to act quickly to save Skagway from certain doom. 
 Stories were being published in newspapers in New York, Chicago, Seattle, and San Francisco. 
 And it was scaring the miners from going through Skagway. 
 Narrator : With the militia behind him, Soapy rules Skagway, confident that his rival, Reid, isn't capable of stopping him. 
 Smith : Soapy had his hand in every pie, in every political circle, in every church, in every school. 
 So he had Skagway wrapped around his finger. 
 To show off his influence, Soapy has a grand idea. 
 On July 4th, 1898, the town sees Soapy in his full glory. 
 Smith : It was huge for Skagway. 
 Every building, he made sure had flags all around town. 
 His gang went up in the hills and set off dynamite. 
 And it echoed for miles all through the trails of the White Pass. 
 Soapy appoints himself the parade's grand marshal and is even dubbed the king of Skagway. 
 [Drum roll] 
 He was applauded by everybody as he walked down the street. 
 People shook his hand, ladies waved. 
 Narrator : Soapy is at the peak of his power. 
 The town of Skagway is under his thumb. 
 And Frank Reid and the committee are seething. 
 But his fortunes are about to change because there's something in the Yukon more powerful than even Soapy Smith. 
 Samuel Graves, President of the White Pass and Yukon Railway, is an enormously powerful man. 
 And he wants to build through Skagway. 
 By bringing trade and prosperity, the railroad represents all of Reid's hopes for the future and also an opportunity to win the feud. 
 Smith : Frank Reid and the vigilantes saw a position that they had to get rid of Soapy. 
 Narrator : Graves must make sure his investment is sound. 
 And he vows to work behind the scenes with the committee to oust Soapy Smith, the man giving Skagway a bad name. 
 Together, they start to convince townspeople just how damaging for business the con man is. 
 Smith : They had to get the merchants riled up because the merchants were behind Soapy. 
 They started passing around, "This is bad for us, guys. No one's gonna come through Skagway." 
 These are the people that are in charge of the import/export business and shipping companies. 
 So these are people that have a vision of the future and eventually are going to establish a railroad as part of a new Alaska. 
 Narrator : Word begins to spread that Soapy's criminal exploits could do lasting damage to Skagway and lose them the railroad. 
 The tide starts to turn against Soapy Smith. 
 Soapy's popularity started waning. 
 New lines were drawn in Skagway. 
 And people were forced to choose a side. 
 You can't do the kind of things that Soapy did in the cold, hard light of day and get away with it for very long. 
 But history had yet another final chapter to play. 
 Narrator : A chapter that starts the clock on the last battle between Frank Reid and Soapy Smith. 
 July 8th, 1898. 
 A miner named J.D. Stewart comes down to Skagway from the gold fields. 
 He had come out with a poke of about $2,600 in gold nuggets. 
 Hutton : One of Soapy's minions directed him toward Soapy's saloon. 
 And there, of course, he engaged in games of chance. 
 Hites : He looks like the kind of guy who would walk into the saloon and go, "Hi, I just made $1 million in the Yukon, and I'm ready to get plucked." 
 And that's exactly what happened. 
 Narrator : As the story goes, at first, Soapy's men just cheat Stewart at the card table. 
 But it doesn't end there. 
 They know there's still more gold for the taking. 
 In the back of Soapy's saloon, they jump the drunk miner and rob him of the rest of his gold. 
 They wanted it all. They got greedy. 
 [Grunting] 
 Narrator : The distressed miner then runs out of the bar, desperate to find help and justice. 
 He ran down the street, screaming. 
 He was robbed. He was robbed. 
 No one paid attention to him. 
 He went to the deputy U.S. marshal, who was also under Soapy's pay. 
 Hutton : The marshal was bought off by Soapy. 
 He was Soapy's man. 
 Well, then, he went all around town, and he loudly complained about this situation. 
 It reached the Committee of 101. 
 Narrator : When Reid hears what's happened, something inside him snaps. 
 This crime is no different than countless others Soapy's gang has pulled before. 
 But today, the committee draws a line in the sand. 
 They decided this was the last straw. 
 Narrator : Committee members approach Soapy and demand the money be returned. 
 Soapy is having none of it. 
 Hites : He says, "Stewart lost his money in a fair game. 
 He's not getting it back. 
 I'm keeping the gold. You know, that's it. 
 I stand by the boys." 
 And that's the end of the conversation. 
 Narrator : Committee members ride to another settlement to enlist the district's newly appointed U.S. commissioner, Judge Sehlbrede. 
 Smith : The commissioner looked at them and said, "if I deputize you and order you to arrest Soapy and his men or bring them in, dead or alive, will you do it?" 
 And they all answered "yes." 
 And that statement guaranteed bloodshed in Skagway. 
 Narrator : Soapy is issued an ultimatum... 
 Return the gold to miner by 4:00 P.M., or there will be repercussions. 
 Soapy knows he doesn't have the town support he once did. 
 For the first time, he starts to take the committee's threats seriously. 
 And he doesn't respond well. 
 He started drinking. 
 And there was a point that he did not have his wits about him anymore, and he wasn't thinking rationally. 
 And he was threatening people. 
 Narrator : As the clock ticks down, he focuses his rage on one man... 
 Frank Reid. 
 Smith : Soapy blamed Reid for much of the problems that were going on. 
 Narrator : The deadline set for returning the gold comes and goes. 
 Soapy keeps drinking. 
 Hites : It was very, very out of character for him. 
 It indicated that he was cornered. 
 He didn't have options. 
 He didn't have a solution, didn't know what to do. 
 The four hours ran out. 
 The committee decided to hold a meeting to try to determine what to do about the stolen gold. 
 So they decided to gather on the Juneau wharf. 
 Narrator : Soapy grabs his Winchester and heads to the wharf. 
 At that moment, the curtain essentially opens up on the last act. 
 Narrator : With whiskey courage, Soapy's not afraid of anyone. 
 And he's ready to put up a fight to keep control of the town. 
 But one man is standing in his way. 
 Hites : There's no question that, when the two men were face-to-face, the anger, the bitterness, came to a head. 
 Narrator : July 8th, 1898, in Alaska. 
 Frank Reid and the Committee of 101 are holding a clandestine meeting at the Juneau wharf to plan how to get rid of con man Soapy and his gang once and for all. 
 Hites : Frank Reid volunteered to protect the entrance to the dock so that, that way, none of Smith's men would be able to get in, infiltrate the meeting, and disrupt it. 
 Narrator : Sure enough, Soapy has heard about the meeting and is on his way. 
 Spangenberger : His temper took over him. 
 He went storming down with an 1892 Winchester .44-40 over his shoulder. 
 Narrator : Jesse Murphy, appointed guard by the White Pss and Yukon Railway, is one of the first to see a drunken Soapy arrive at the pier. 
 Halt. You can't pass here. 
 Spying Reid, Soapy barrels toward his Nemesis, his rage exploding to the surface. 
 Soapy approaches Frank Reid. 
 Almost like magnets, they're pulled to each other. 
 Hites : Reid saw Soapy approaching, and Reid challenged him. 
 "Smith, you can't come down here." 
 Go on home, now, Soapy. 
 You got no business here. 
 Get the hell out of my way, Frank. 
 I should've gotten rid of you months ago. 
 You're drunk. 
 You stupid son of a bitch. 
 You and your committee ain't nothing but a bunch of vigilantes. 
 You can't stop me. 
 Soapy pulled the Winchester from him shoulder. 
 And Reid threw his arm up. 
 Narrator : Reid grabs Soapy's Winchester to block it and, at the same time, reaches for his revolver. 
 Don't shoot. 
 Spangenberger : And then Reid pulled his Smith & Wesson revolver and fired point-blank at Soapy. 
 [Gun clicks] 
 Narrator : The gun misfires. 
 Reid has one more chance. 
 Well, Reid pulls the second time, trying to get another round into the chamber. 
 And this time, both men fire at the same time. 
 [Both grunt] 
 Soapy was able to shoot Frank Reid in the groin. 
 Reid dropped to the ground. 
 He was all doubled over. 
 Narrator : After the earlier misfire, Reid makes his second shot count. 
 It hit Soapy in the arm. 
 Narrator : Two more shots ring out, each foe hitting the other in the leg. 
 With both men down, Jesse Murphy charges the wounded Soapy. 
 Hites : Murphy reaches over and grabs the rifle, wrenching it from Soapy's hands. 
 He pulls the trigger. 
 And the bullet goes right through Smith's heart. 
 Spangenberger : Soapy could have easily survived the wound in the arm and the side had Jesse Murphy not come up and shot him in the heart. 
 Narrator : As Soapy's body lies lifeless on the pier, his blood drips into the sea. 
 Jesse rushes the severely wounded Reid to a doctor. 
 And news spreads to the soap gang that their leader is dead. 
 With Soapy gone, Skagway is now completely behind Frank Reid and the committee. 
 And the soap gang knows it. 
 Hites : They're outnumbered. 
 The gang quits and runs for the hills. 
 That ends the Soapy Smith gang in Skagway. 
 Narrator : And so Jeff "Soapy" Smith, the most notorious con man in the west, meets his end on a wharf near Skagway, Alaska. 
 The confrontation between Frank Reid and Soapy Smith is one of the last gunfights in the history of the American west. 
 Narrator : Soapy's funeral is a lonely affair. 
 The town has turned against him. 
 Smith : Soapy was so well-hated after he was killed that they would not bury him inside cemetery limits. 
 He was actually buried about 10 feet outside the cemetery. 
 Narrator : Although Frank Reid wasn't the one who finally pulled the trigger, the town wants a hero and gives credit for the killing to the man who has just taken a bullet for Skagway. 
 Frank Reid lives 12 more days but then dies from his gunshot wounds. 
 He's given a hero's burial and is proclaimed the savior of Skagway. 
 Spangenberger : Frank Reid, they liked him. 
 And the town actually mourned his loss. 
 He had a pretty big funeral procession. 
 Hutton : They make him into the martyr to the building of the community of Skagway. 
 He becomes sort of the town-taming lawman, even though he didn't wear a badge, that takes down the outlaw gang, Soapy Smith, and the men who had controlled Skagway. 
 Narrator : Though Reid dies, his dream of one day putting the small tent city of Skagway on the map comes true. 
 The White Pass and Yukon Railway opens in July 1900, two years after Reid's death. 
 It's still running today and has been a boon for business and trade. 
 Spangenberger : The shootout on Juneau wharf was a lose-lose situation, quite honestly, for both of the participants. 
 However, the town of Skagway came out as the winners because they got rid of Soapy Smith, who they wanted to get rid of. 
 Narrator : But it seems that, in death, Soapy gets the best of Frank Reid one last time. 
 Despite the fact that Frank Reid is buried a hero, it's Soapy who's remembered in the history books. 
 Soapy's legend has grown to that of a mythic figure whose legacy lives on in movies, novels, and annual Soapy wakes. 
 I think people celebrate Soapy because he was a colorful man. 
 He was a charming, likable scalawag. 
 Narrator : Some even romanticize him as a modern-day Robin Hood, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor, leaving the lesser-known Frank Reid to be remembered for his small part in Soapy's story. 
 Hutton : Frank Reid wins his battle, pays for it with his life. 
 But he doesn't win the battle in history. 
 It's Soapy Smith that's remembered, not Frank Reid. 
 Reid is only attached to the fact that he killed Soapy Smith. 
 And so he becomes part of Soapy Smith's story. 
 And the story of Frank Reid is... is lost to the mists of history, the mists that shroud Skagway still today. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 