Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Wolf's Bane - Teen Wolf 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Wolf's Bane https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=137&t=8574 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/21/13 19:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Wolf's Bane 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1x09 Wolfsbane 
 Harris : Please don't kill me. 
 Peter : Do you know who wrote that list? 
 Harris : Laura - Laura Hale. 
 Peter : Do you know why she was looking for you? I know why. Turn around, Adrian. Turn around and I'll show you. Turn around! 
 Harris : No. Please. 
 Peter : Look at me. Look at what you've done! 
 Derek : Get down! 
 Police : This is the police. You're surrounded. No one leave the building. 
 Sheriff : Repeat, suspect is on foot. We're in pursuit, heading northwest. 
 Chris : He's on foot. Just ran into the Iron Works. 
 Kate : Wait, wait. Did you say on foot? 
 Chris : Yeah, into the Iron Works. 
 Kate : Running? 
 Chris : Yes, running! 
 Kate : If he's on foot, then who the hell is driving his car? 
 Scott : Faster? 
 Stiles : Much faster. 
 Sheriff : Come on, get the dogs. What the hell? 
 Stiles : Scott, I don't think you're grasping the concept of the car chase here. 
 Scott : If I go faster, I'll kill us. 
 Stiles : Well, if you don't go faster, they're gonna kill us! They're gone. 
 Sheriff : All units, suspect is on foot heading into the Iron Works. 
 Stiles : Get in. 
 Scott : What part of laying low don't you understand? 
 Derek : Damn it, I had him! 
 Stiles : Who, the Alpha? 
 Derek : Yes! He was right in front of me, and the friggin' police showed up. 
 Stiles : Whoa, hey, they're just doing their jobs -  
 Derek : Yeah, thanks to someone who decided to make me the most wanted fugitive in the entire state. 
 Scott : Can we seriously get past that? I made a dumbass mistake. I get it. 
 Stiles : All right. How did you find him? 
 Scott : Can you try to trust us for at least half a second? 
 Stiles : Yeah, both of us. Or just him. I'll be back here. 
 Derek : Look the last time I talked to my sister, she was close to figuring something out. She found two things. The first was a guy named Harris. 
 Stiles : Our chemistry teacher? 
 Scott : Why him? 
 Derek : I don't know yet. 
 Scott : What's the second? 
 Derek : Some kind of symbol. What? You know what this is? 
 Scott : I've seen it on a necklace. Allison's necklace. 
 Scott : This is gonna be impossible, you know. 
 Stiles : Why don't you just ask her if you can borrow it? 
 Scott : How? 
 Stiles : It's easy. You just say, "Hey, Allison, can I borrow your necklace to see if there's anything on it or in it that can lead me to an Alpha werewolf that I need to kill in order to get back together with you?" 
 Scott : You're not helping. 
 Stiles : Why don't you just talk to her. 
 Scott : She won't talk to me. What if she, like, only takes it off in the shower or something? 
 Stiles : That's why you ease - that's why you ease back into it, okay? Get back on the good side, remind her of the good times. And then you ask for the necklace. You're thinking about her in the shower, aren't you? 
 Scott : Yeah. 
 Stiles : All right, stay focused, okay? Get the necklace, get the Alpha, get cured, get Allison. In that order. Got it? 
 Scott : Get the necklace. 
 Doctor : What did you say it was that scratched you? 
 Jackson : It was - it was just an animal. Look, can you hurry this up? I'm missing first period. 
 Doctor : Have you had trouble sleeping lately? 
 Jackson : Kind of. I've been having dreams. 
 Doctor : Dreams or nightmares? 
 Jackson : Nightmares. About a fire. It's this - this house, and I can hear screaming - Wait, what does this have to do with anything? 
 Doctor : Nothing. I hope. 
 Jackson : What is that? 
 Doctor : Just taking a closer look. 
 Jackson : Look, I really don't have much time. 
 Doctor : Hold still. 
 Jackson : I thought you said you were just gonna take a look. 
 Doctor : Yes. But in order to do that, I'm gonna have to dig a little deeper. 
 Jackson : What are those? 
 Doctor : Holding still, please. That didn't hurt, did it? 
 Jackson : No, I'm just - I'm just cold. 
 Doctor : Good. Because this actually will sting just a little bit. Holding still, please! 
 Jackson : Oh - hey! Stop! Stop! It hurts! 
 Doctor : There's something just underneath the skin here. Just one moment longer. 
 Jackson : Stop! 
 Doctor : Almost done. Holding still! 
 Derek : Hold still! 
 Doctor : All right, you can put your shirt back on. The scabs on your neck are nothing to worry about. 
 Jackson : So I'm okay for my game tonight? 
 Doctor : Oh, yeah. Absolutely. But I do want to give you an antibiotic. Have you been eating any strange herbs lately? 
 Jackson : Like what? 
 Doctor : Well, you have aconite poisoning. 
 Jackson : What the hell is aconite? 
 Doctor : Well, it's a purple flower, also called monk's hood or -  
 Jackson : Wolfsbane. 
 Doctor : Yes. So you are familiar with it, then? 
 Jackson : No, I - I have no idea how I knew that. 
 Melissa : Hi. 
 Jackson : Hey, uh, would you mind if I look something up on your computer real quick? 
 Melissa : I bet a handsome face like that doesn't hear "no" very often. Aren't you one of Scott's friends? 
 Jackson : Yeah. Good friends, actually. 
 Melissa : Yeah? Just be quick, okay? 
 Jackson : I know what you are, McCall. 
 Scott : Wh - what? 
 Jackson : I know what you are. 
 Scott : I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 Jackson : Yeah - Yeah, you do. And here's the thing. However it is you came to be what you are, you're gonna get it for me too. 
 Scott : Get what for you? 
 Jackson : Whatever it is. A bite, a scratch. Sniffing magic fairy dust under the moonlight - I don't care. You're gonna get it for me, or, uh - She's gonna find out about it too. 
 Stiles : How the hell did he find out? 
 Scott : I have no idea. 
 Stiles : Did he say it out loud - the word? 
 Scott : What word? 
 Stiles : Werewolf. Did he say, "I know you're a werewolf"? 
 Scott : No, but he implied it pretty freaking clearly. 
 Stiles : Okay, maybe it's not as bad as it seems. I mean, he doesn't have any proof, right? And if he wanted to tell someone, who's gonna believe him anyway? 
 Scott : How about Allison's father? 
 Stiles : Okay, it's bad. 
 Scott : I need a cure. Right now. 
 Stiles : Does he know about Allison's father? 
 Scott : I don't know. 
 Stiles : Okay, where's Derek? 
 Scott : Hiding, like we told him to. Why? 
 Stiles : I have another idea. It's gonna take a little time and finesse, though. 
 Scott : We have that game tonight. It's quarterfinals. And it's your first game. 
 Stiles : I know, I know. Look, do you have a plan for Allison yet? 
 Scott : She's in my next class. 
 Stiles : Get the necklace. 
 Scott : Right. Get the necklace. 
 Lydia : Try another row, sweetheart. 
 Teacher : Okay, class, let's settle down. Let's get our books out. 
 Scott : Allison. 
 Allison : Hey. Class is beginning. 
 Scott : I know. I'll shut up. I just, um - I have some stuff on my phone that I wanted to send you. I thought you might like it. 
 Allison : Okay. 
 Teacher : All right, I'd like to return to our discussion from yesterday with a more in - depth analysis of Iago and the way in which he preyed upon Othello's jealousies. We seem to have some here today. 
 Scott : Allison. 
 Allison : Why did you send me those? Are you trying to make me feel even worse for breaking up with you? 
 Scott : No. I thought you would like them. I - I thought they would remind you of us. 
 Allison : Are you trying to hurt me - Get back at me? 
 Scott : No. 
 Allison : Please don't talk to me. Okay? I need more time to get to just friends. Okay? Please. 
 Stiles : Did you get her to give you the necklace? 
 Scott : Not exactly. 
 Stiles : Ah. What happened? 
 Scott : She told me not to talk to her. At all. 
 Stiles : So she's not giving you the necklace -  
 Scott : She's not giving me the necklace! 
 Stiles : Well, did you find anything else out? 
 Scott : Just that I know nothing about girls, and that they're totally psychotic. 
 Stiles : Okay, I came up with a plan "B" just in case anything like this happened. 
 Scott : What's plan "B"? 
 Stiles : Just steal the stupid thing. 
 Scott : Couldn't we try at least getting to Harris? 
 Stiles : My dad put him on a 24 - hour protective detail, okay? The necklace is all we got. Steal it. Thank you. 
 Scott : Stiles, he's watching us. 
 Jackson : Scott - You can hear me? You can, can't you? 
 Stiles : What's wrong? 
 Scott : Jackson's talking to me. He knows I can hear him. Look at me. Just talk to me. Act normal. Pretend that nothing's happening. 
 Jackson : Are you trying to pretend not to hear me? 
 Scott : Say something. Talk to me! 
 Stiles : I can't think of anything. My mind's a complete blank. 
 Scott : Your mind's blank? You can't think of something to say? 
 Stiles : Not under this kind of pressure. FYI, he's not even sitting with them anymore. 
 Scott : Where the hell is he? 
 Jackson : Looking for me, McCall? I'm right here. So what else can you do? Huh? Can you see better? Are you stronger, more powerful? No, I knew there was no way you suddenly got that good at lacrosse. Which means you're actually a cheater, aren't you? I mean, can you even play lacrosse? 
 Scott : Yes. 
 Jackson : I'll bet my new co - captain's gonna score a bunch of shots tonight, aren't you? And while you're pretending you're not a lying cheat, I'm gonna ruin your life if you don't give me what I want. And you know what I'm gonna start with? Her. I'm gonna destroy any chance you'll ever have with her. And when I'm done with that, I'm gonna get her all alone, and I'm gonna get my hands all over that tight little body. 
 Stiles : Scott, come on, you can't let him do this. You can't let him have this kind of power over you. Okay? 
 Jackson : I'm gonna do everything you never got the chance to do, and, Scott, she's gonna beg for more. I'll bet she likes to get loud. Maybe she's even a screamer. How are you gonna feel, Scott - When she's screaming my name? 
 Allison : You beat me again. 
 Jackson : I have an unfair advantage. You see these cheekbones? Aerodynamically suited for speed in water. So you're coming to the game tonight, right? 
 Allison : I was thinking no. 
 Jackson : You have to. We win tonight, we're in the semifinals. It's not because of Scott, right? 
 Allison : I was thinking it might be a little weird. 
 Jackson : He's fine with it. He actually asked me if you were coming. He said he hoped you didn't feel weird about it. 
 Scott : I did? 
 Allison : He did? 
 Jackson : Yeah. You know, he's a good guy. You can't hate him too much. I mean, it's pretty obvious he's a little immature to be dating somebody like you. But then, you - you can't really blame him for trying. 
 Lydia : Jackson! This little text - not funny! 
 Jackson : No, I wasn't trying to be funny. I would have put a "ha ha" at the end of it. And, see, there's no "ha ha." 
 Lydia : "Lydia, please give back my spare house key at your earliest convenience - As we are no longer dating"? 
 Jackson : You didn't lose it, did you? 
 Lydia : What the hell is this? 
 Jackson : Well, Lydia, in preparation for some big changes, I've decided to drop some of the dead weight in my life. And you're just about the deadest. 
 Lydia : Are you breaking up with me? 
 Jackson : Dumping, actually. I'm dumping you. 
 Lydia : Dumped by the co - captain of the lacrosse team. I wonder how many minutes it'll take me to get over that. Wait, seconds, actually. Seconds! 
 
 
 
 Sheriff : Hey, Stiles! 
 Stiles : Yo, D—Derek. I, um -  
 Sheriff : What'd you say? 
 Stiles : What? I said "Yo - d - dad." 
 Sheriff : Listen, I've got something I've got to take care of, but I'm gonna be there tonight. I mean, your first game. 
 Stiles : My first game. Guh, it's great. Awesome. Uh - Good. 
 Sheriff : I'm very happy for you. And I'm really proud of you. 
 Stiles : Thanks. Me too. I'm happy and proud - of myself. 
 Sheriff : So they're really gonna let you play, right? 
 Stiles : Yeah, dad. I'm first line. Believe that? 
 Sheriff : I'm very proud. 
 Stiles : Oh, me too. Again, I'm - Huggie - Huggie, huggie -  
 Sheriff : See you there. 
 Stiles : Take it easy. 
 Stiles : I'm sor - oh! 
 Derek : If you say one word -  
 Stiles : Oh, what, you mean, like, "Hey, dad, Derek Hale's in my room - Bring your gun"? Yeah, that's right. If I'm harboring your fugitive ass, it's my house, my rules, buddy. 
 Stiles : Oh, my God! 
 Derek : Scott didn't get the necklace? 
 Stiles : No. He's still working on it. But there's something else we can try. The night we were trapped at the school, Scott sent a text to Allison asking her to meet him there. 
 Derek : So? 
 Stiles : So it wasn't Scott. 
 Derek : Well, can you find out who sent it? 
 Stiles : No, not me. But I think I know somebody who can. 
 Danny : You want me to do what? 
 Stiles : Trace a text. 
 Danny : I came here to do lab work. That's what lab partners do. 
 Stiles : And we will, once you trace the text. 
 Danny : And what makes you think I know how? 
 Stiles : I - I looked up your arrest report, so -  
 Danny : I - I was 13. They dropped the charges. 
 Stiles : Whatever. 
 Danny : No, we're doing lab work. 
 Stiles : Oh, my -  
 Danny : Who's he again? 
 Stiles : Um, my cousin - Miguel. 
 Danny : Is that blood on his shirt? 
 Stiles : Yeah. Yes. Well, he gets these horrible nosebleeds. Hey, Miguel. I thought I told you you could borrow one of my shirts. So anyway, I mean, we both know you have the skills to trace that text, so we should probably -  
 Derek : Uh, Stiles? 
 Stiles : Yes? 
 Derek : This - no fit. 
 Stiles : Then try something else on. Sorry. Hey, that one looks pretty good, huh? What do you think, Danny? The shirt. 
 Danny : It's - it's not really his color. 
 Stiles : You swing for a different team, but you still play ball, don't you, Danny boy? 
 Danny : You're a horrible person. 
 Stiles : I know. It keeps me awake at night. Anyway, about that text. 
 Derek : Stiles! None of these fit. 
 Danny : I'll need the ISP, the phone number, and the exact time of the text. 
 Danny : There. The text was sent from a computer. This one. 
 Derek : Registered to that account name? 
 Stiles : No, no, no, no. That can't be right. 
 Chris : Scott. She should be home in a few minutes. She sometimes goes for a run after school. 
 Scott : You know, actually, I should get going. I've got a game to get to tonight. 
 Chris : You want something to drink? I'm gonna have a beer. 
 Scott : You don't have to test me anymore. Your - daughter already dumped me. 
 Chris : No test. I'm sorry. High school romances burn bright, fade fast. Go ahead. 
 Scott : I'm good, thanks. 
 Chris : So I was curious about something, Scott. How do you know Derek Hale? 
 Scott : Who? 
 Kate : Damn, you got some lungs on you! 
 Allison : Did you follow me here? 
 Kate : Well, you can't blame me for being concerned about my favorite niece, now, can you? What are you looking for? 
 Allison : I don't know - Something. Anything. 
 Kate : You mean answers - To lingering questions like -  
 Allison : Why he would want to kill us. 
 Kate : Well, I mean, come on, look at this place. Could you imagine if your father and I were trapped in something like this? It might do some pretty interesting things to your head, don't you think? 
 Allison : It wouldn't turn me into a psychotic killer. 
 Kate : You don't have to be psychotic to be a killer. You just - need a reason. And even then, sometimes - You can surprise yourself. What do you want, Allison? 
 Allison : I want to not be scared. That night in the school, I felt utterly weak. Like - like I needed somebody to come in and rescue me. I hate that feeling. I want to feel stronger than that. I want to feel powerful. 
 Kate : Allison, if you can give me just a little bit of time - Be just a little patient - I think I can give you exactly what you want. 
 Chris : Allison said that she's seen you talking to him. Don't you think that seems a little disconcerting, Scott? You talking to an alleged murderer? 
 Scott : It's not like I'm the only one that knows him. 
 Chris : But you're the only one that's talking to him. 
 Scott : Why are you talking to me like I've done something wrong? 
 Chris : Have you? You don't have to be afraid of me. I mean, you get that I'm just thinking of my daughter's safety, right? 
 Scott : Will you believe me if say I think about it too? That it's all that I think about. When we were in the school the other night, every choice that I made, everything I did - every single thing was to make sure that she was safe! 
 Chris : You should go. You don't want to be late for your game. 
 Scott : Did you get the picture? 
 Stiles : Yeah, I did, and it looks just like the drawing. 
 Derek : Hey, is there something on the back of it? There's gotta be something. An inscription, an opening, something. 
 Scott : No, no, the thing's flat. And, no, it doesn't open. There's nothing in it, on it, around it, nothing. And where are you? You're supposed to be here. You're first line. 
 Coach : Where the hell is Bilinski? 
 Scott : Man, you're not gonna play if you're not here to start. 
 Stiles : I know. Look, if you see my dad, can you tell him - tell him I'll be there, I'll just be a little bit late, okay? All right, thanks. 
 Derek : You're not gonna make it. 
 Stiles : I know. 
 Derek : And you didn't tell him about his mom, either. 
 Stiles : Not till we find out the truth. 
 Derek : By the way, one more thing. 
 Stiles : Yeah. Oh, God! What the hell was -  
 Derek : You know what that was for. Go. Go! 
 Jackson : It's the bite that does it, isn't it? 
 Scott : Yes. 
 Jackson : Well, then, it's easy. 
 Scott : No, it's not. I can't be the one to do it, okay? It has to be - It has to be an Alpha. 
 Jackson : Well, then, you get him to do it. 
 Scott : I don't even know who he is. Okay, trust me. This whole thing is so much more complicated than you think. There's - there's others. There's hunters. 
 Jackson : Hunting what? What hunters? 
 Scott : Werewolf hunters. 
 Jackson : Oh, my God. You've got to be kidding me. No, jerk - off! There's a whole family of them, and they carry assault rifles. Do you get that? Assault rifles. 
 Jackson : Them? 
 Scott : What? No, no -  
 Jackson : Oh, my God, that actually makes sense. Allison Argent. Oh, my God, you don't get it. You've known her this long, and you never actually asked her - her name, idiot. Do you know what Argent means in French? It means silver. 
 Stiles : Yeah, I said I can't find her. 
 Derek : Look, ask for Jennifer. She's been looking after my uncle. 
 Stiles : Yeah, well, he's not here either. 
 Derek : What? 
 Stiles : He's not here. He's gone, Derek. 
 Derek : Stiles, get out of there right now - it's him! He's the Alpha! Get out! 
 Peter : You must be Stiles. 
 Nurse : What are you doing here? Visiting hours are over. 
 Stiles : You - and him. You're - you're the one who - Oh, my - and he's - Oh, my God, I'm gonna die. 
 Peter : That's not nice. She's my nurse. 
 Derek : She's a psychotic bitch helping you kill people. Get out of the way. 
 Stiles : Oh, damn. 
 Peter : You think I killed Laura on purpose? One of my own family? My mind, my personality were literally burned out of me. I was being driven by pure instinct. 
 Derek : You want forgiveness? 
 Peter : I want understanding. Do you have any idea - What it was like for me during those years? Slowly healing, cell by cell. Even more slowly coming back to consciousness. Yes, becoming an Alpha, taking that from Laura pushed me over a plateau in the healing process. I can't help that. I tried to tell you what was happening. I tried to warn you. 
 Harris : It was six years ago, and in my defense, it was before I'd gotten sober. 
 Sheriff : Listen, I have my son's first lacrosse game to get to. What do you say we just focus on the details, huh? 
 Harris : I met her at a bar. We had a lot of drinks. A lot. She started asking me what I do, and she kept asking questions. Do you have any idea what that's like? To have someone actually interested in the topic of chemistry - After staring at all these vacant faces day after -  
 Sheriff : Details. 
 Harris : Like I said, I talked. It was fascinating stuff. How you could melt away the lock of a bank vault. How you could dissolve a body, and get away with murder. 
 Sheriff : How you could start a fire, and get away with arson? 
 Harris : And a week later, the Hale house burns down. 
 Sheriff : You know, you could have said something. 
 Harris : And be an accomplice? It would have ended my teaching career. 
 Sheriff : So you don't know her name or where she was from? 
 Harris : No! Which is exactly what Laura Hale asked. I'll point you in the same direction that I pointed her. 
 Sheriff : What is this? 
 Harris : The necklace the girl was wearing. That's the symbol on it. I asked her about it. She said it was a family thing. You find the girl wearing that necklace, she's your arsonist. 
 Sheriff : Murderer. 
 Harris : Excuse me? 
 Sheriff : Arson happens to property. This girl's a murderer. 
 Peter : I was going to wait, for dramatic flair - but - When you look this good, why wait? Derek, you have to give me a chance to explain. After all, we're family. 
 Coach : Now, this is what I like to see, rivals turned allies. You know there's no "me" in "team," right, boys? 
 Scott : Yes, there is, coach. 
 Coach : Okay, smartass, how 'bout this - No "A" in econ if no win on field? Good? Huh? Perfect. Good. 
 Scott : So what are you gonna do? 
 Jackson : Well, I'm gonna give you a chance to give me what I want. What's three days, huh? 72 hours. That's all you get, Scott. 72 hours. 
 Scott : What if I can't? 
 Jackson : Oh, come on, McCall. That's not a winning attitude. 
 Coach : Let's go. Huddle up! Let's go! Big night! Big night! 
 Allison : That one. That's Jackson. 
 Kate : Holy hotness. Oh, if I was in high school again - Maybe just a substitute teacher. 
 Allison : You are sick. 
 Kate : You should be all over that. Chris, remember how we were talking about a second beta - a younger one? 
 Chris : Yes. 
 Kate : Can you get turned by a scratch? 
 Chris : If the claws go deep enough. Maybe. 
 Kate : Wonder how deep those went. 
 Coach : Ready? Say it so they can hear it! Hands in. What are we? 
 Team : We are lacrosse! 
 Coach : All right, take the field! Let's go! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 