Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - For the Sake of the Children - Cedar Cove 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - For the Sake of the Children https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=362&t=19348 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/19/13 17:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - For the Sake of the Children 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Cedar Cove... 
 Cliff Harting? Your father... 
 He didn't give a damn about us. 
 That's where you're wrong. 
 It must be hard to come here after all this time. 
 You don't know me. 
 Neither does my dad. 
 He doesn't know a thing about me. 
 Maybe what he needs right now is not so much a friend, but a father. 
 Cedar Cove radio plays :  Hi, this is Delilah. 
 Tune in tonight and dedications, and a little advice. Tune in tonight. [♪] ♪ Didn't find love, no ♪ 
♪ love found me ♪ 
♪ it was hiding in the last place ♪ 
♪ I thought that it would be ♪ 
♪ I was so busy looking around ♪ 
♪ for something tried and true ♪ 
♪ don't know why it took so long to fall in love with you ♪ [♪] ♪ All of our time keeps on sliding... ♪ Good morning, ladies. Olivia! I got the gardening book you wanted. What gardening book? You know the one where... Whoa. Is that Rosie? Is her divorce case today? You know it is. She's my hardest-working volunteer at the library. And her daughter, Allison, works at the thyme and tide... Grace! If you only knew what that husband of hers but I don't. And you're not going to tell me, because... Because you have to remain impartial, I know. You want the book or not? [Sighs] [Knocks] Come in. Hi, Jack. What's up? Well, I thought I'd say hi before I head next door. Mayor Hanson has called an emergency town council meeting. Not more budget cuts? Oh, I think everything's on the table. The park, the marina, the community theater... Well, they won't cut the theater because the mayor's wife is in every play. [Chuckles] Very true. Listen, you free for lunch today? I hear Moon has a fish taco special. Mm, that sounds good. Well, this case is pretty cut and dry. I should be done by 12:00. I will see you then. Your honor, my client, Zachary Westen, is seeking a divorce from his wife, Rosemary Westen, and joint custody of their two children, Allison and Edward. My client would also like to proceed with the divorce. It looks like you've already settled division of assets and liabilities, so this should be straightforward... Forgive me, your honor, I wasn't quite finished. We need to amend our request. Go ahead. Rosemary Westen is now seeking sole custody of the children. What? Rose, we talked about this! I changed my mind. Then change it back. You can't... Order, please! These are my children! They're my children, too, Zach. I won't let you take them from me. What difference does it make? You never see them anyway! [Banging gavel] Order. [Muttering] So much for cut and dry. [♪] Cedar Cove 01x05 
For The Sake Of The Children 
Originally Aired August 17, 2013 [♪] Okay, guys, you know the drill, big circle. [Clapping] Come on. And don't you pull her hair. I have eyes in the back of my head. Okay, I'm going to go pick our books... For today... just give me a second. Allison! Hi, Ms. Sherman. Honey, if you're looking for your mom, she's not here. She's in court divorcing my dad. Shouldn't you be in school? I just couldn't face it today. Please don't tell? Tell you what. My lips are sealed, if you help me out with story time. Your mom always gives me a hand. You're blackmailing me? Yeah, I suppose I am. Your honor, I moved out of the house just over a month ago, I got an apartment in Tacoma, near my office. Now, there are separate rooms for the kids, it's in a very safe area, right across the street from a park what about their school? Objection! Who's asking the questions here? Sustained. Please refrain from calling out. You'll have your turn. I told you, the days that they're with me, I will take them to their school in Cedar Cove. Now, it's a half hour each way, your honor, but I am more than willing to do that. More likely, Janice will do it. Objection! Your honor... Counsel, while I respect your attempts to maintain some semblance of order here, I'm going to allow Mr. and Mrs. Westen some latitude to speak freely. But don't take my accommodation too far. Now, who's Janice? She's my assistant. And no, I will drive them. Your honor, my children are everything to me. They're my life. I think that I deserve to have them with me for at least the same amount of time as she does. You're a stay-at-home mom? Yes. I quit my job as a teacher when I got pregnant with Allison. We figured Zach could support the family with his salary and I would stay home and raise the kids. Did that not work out? No, it was fine. I mean, at first, but after Eddie was born, she started taking more and more volunteer work. But it was mostly with the school. I would be helping with PTA, or fundraisers... And I was fine with that, your honor, but after that, then it became volunteering at the community center, and then volunteering at the library, and it got to the point where she was home even less than I was... Well, how many sides does a hexagon have? Six. And what's six times three? 18. Bingo! Sorry I'm late. Hey, is everything okay? I was starting to get worried. I had the PTA meeting. Didn't you get my message? No. I left you a message on your voicemail. Honey, I'm sorry, there was no message. Did you eat? Yeah, we got pizza. Why did you have pizza? Well, the kids were hungry and I was tired. I had a long day at work, and you didn't leave us anything. Rosie, in court : Wait a minute! That is not what happened that night. It's true, I was late... Sorry I'm late! Where were you? I had the PTA meeting. Didn't you get my message? No. I left a message on your voicemail. There were no message. Why'd you get pizza? Because the kids were hungry, and I can't cook, remember? But I made you a lasagna. No, you didn't. When you left this morning, I told you if I was late, there's a lasagna in the fridge. You never said that! Your honor, that's not what happened. When I came home that night, there was no lasagna for us... Yes, there was! I'd left you a message! The house was a mess, the dishes were in the sink... You tuned me out like you always tune me out! [Arguing over each other] Okay, that's enough! There is obviously a lot of hard feelings and miscommunication, but if there's an amicable solution to be reached, I'm going to need the two of you to take a step back, try to see the other person's point of view. And in my experience, the best way to do that is to talk less and listen more. [♪] [Sighs] Excuse me, guys. Now, that is the face of one stressed-out judge. [Chuckles] I had to call a short recess. A lot of bickering in there. Same here. Town council is getting rather heated. People just love playing the blame game. It never changes. Hey, I'm sorry about lunch. This case is getting a lot more complicated than I anticipated. Not a problem. What's Eric doing? Maybe he could join you. You ready for this? He is actually at a job interview. Wow. Yeah, a construction gig in Olalla. Aw, that's great. Yeah, fingers crossed, I know. Oh, looks like we're getting ready for round two. I'll catch up with you later. Okay. Who? Charlotte : Tom Harting. He was a very famous country singer back in the day. And not only that, he was an incredible artist. Cliff there is his son. He's compiled photographs of his work in that portfolio. Western jewelry, paintings, sculptures... Like Frederick Remington. Yeah, Remington was a big influence on him. Very similar style. I think it's just the sort of work you should be displaying. Well, we would be happy to take a look at it. What is that? It's a belt buckle. Sterling silver, hand wrought and engraved. The detail is remarkable. A... belt buckle. Thanks for your help this morning. You're a natural. It was fun. If you ever need a place to go, you are always welcome here, okay? Thanks. Yeah. Bye. Bye, honey. Oh, hey, Allison. Hey, Mr. Griffiths. Hey, Jack. You looking for Olivia? No, actually, I'm looking for you. Oh. Something wrong? You haven't heard the news yet? What news? Town council met today to figure out how to make up their budget shortfall, and they've decided to close the library. Hey. Hey, what do you think? I saw you were having some trouble making the front door fit, so I thought I'd help you out. I don't know, I just couldn't stop. You're mad. Oh, I'm sorry, this... I should've asked. This is your project. I shouldn't... Eric, you know... It's fine. It looks good. I thought you had a job interview in Olalla today. Yeah, I did. I mean, I thought I did. You know, they called just as I was getting ready to leave the house. They said they hired someone already, don't bother coming out. I mean, it's tough. Like I said, you know, the economy the way it is, there's so few jobs in the area. Maybe you should start looking further afield, huh? What do you think? You trying to get rid of me? I get it. I need to start pulling my own weight. Mom felt the same way, and you're right, all right? I have been freeloading way too much off you... Hey, I didn't say that... No, no, I will find something. I know I will. Maybe I should stop looking in construction. You know, find another line of work. Something, you know, that can hold me over just till things pick up again. Yup. Yup... I'm sure something's going to come along. Mm-hmm. Yeah, looks good. Yeah? Thank you. Mayor : Well, I'm glad we were able to spare the community theater. [Chuckling] For the sake of my marriage. Louis, listen, we still have to find ways to increase revenue. Now, I have some great ideas I'd like to discuss with you... Mayor Hanson, how dare you shut down the library. Hang on now, Grace. This wasn't a decision anyone on the council wanted to make. Every possible cut we talked about had drawbacks, including this one, and then Warren made a good point. I'm sure you did. Grace, I just reminded the council there's a library in Cooperton, not to mention dozens in Seattle... There are dozens of playhouses in Seattle, too, but none of them would hire your wife to star. All right, so tell me what it is I need to do to change your minds. Grace, we're talking about a shortfall here of several thousand dollars. Anything short of raising the money to... Fine. I'll do it. Are you sure about that, Grace? Yup. The vote is going to be ratified in two days. Then I have 48 hours to save the Cedar Cove Library. Your honor, my client has been very open and honest about all aspects of this divorce. He's not the one seeking sole custody of the children... His wife is, and we have reason to believe that she is incapable of providing a stable environment on a full-time basis. Are you kidding me? How am I incapable of providing a stable environment? There have been incidents that have occurred over the last year alone which will confirm our assertions... [Stammering] Is this about the soccer game? What soccer game? You left him there sitting alone for over an hour... That wasn't my fault. What soccer game? It happened a few months ago, your honor. I was in my office... [Telephone ringing] Zach Westen. Eddie... whoa, just... what happened? Rosie had forgotten to pick our son up after his soccer game. She left him sitting there for over an hour. Alone. Rosie :  I don't believe this. I wasn't supposed to pick him up, you were! You told me that morning that you were picking him up... Then I called you back later and I told you that Grace had to go home sick... And I told you I couldn't move my schedule... Stop! Stop... All right, tell me what happened. One at a time. You first. It's true, I did tell him that morning  that I would pick up Eddie after the game... [Dialing phone] [Telephone rings] Zach Weston. Hi, it's me. Listen, Grace just had to go home sick. She's got the flu. So? I was wondering if you might be able to pick up Eddie after his game. No, I am swamped here. I know, it's just that... There's nobody else here who can cover for her. Then close the library early. I can't do that. I have students here who are studying. It's finals week. [Sighing] Rose... why do you always do this? It's an emergency, Zach. Yeah, everything is an emergency with you. Come on, please. [Sighing] I'll have to move my schedule around. Great. Thank you. This is the last time you do this, Rose. Thanks, Zach. [Slams phone down] Come on... I'm assuming you have a different memory of that conversation. No, not a different memory, your honor. The truth. [Telephone rings] Good afternoon. Zach Westen. It's me. Listen, Grace just had to go home sick. She's got the flu. Is she all right? No, but she's left me here high and dry. I need you to pick up Eddie after his game. Honey, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm swamped here. Well, there's nobody else here to cover for her... Well, is it possible to close the library early? What? No. I've got students here studying. It's finals week. Honey, I have a major audit this afternoon. This is an emergency, Zach. I know, but this is really important for the company. You can't reschedule? No,  the clients are already on their way from Seattle. I don't believe this. Fine. Fine, I'll just leave the library unattended while I take off for an hour or two. Rose... Rosie, in court :  I never said that! He told me he would clear his schedule and he would pick him up after the game. See, that's how it always is. My job... My paying job... Always takes back seat to her volunteer work. That is not true. You know, it's got to the point where I think she'd actually rather spend time with these people than her own family. Maybe he's right. Maybe... Maybe I did spend too much time away from my family. But with my volunteer work, I'm respected. I'm treated like I have value. At home, all I do is cook and clean and do laundry. I'm nothing more than your maid. [♪] I can't believe your father did all this. And a famous singer to boot. He was a genius when it came to art. But when it came to family... Not so bright. Maryellen. So, what do you say? Are you up for displaying his work at the gallery? Town council wants to shut down the library. What? I've only got 48 hours, so I'm gonna try to pull together a fundraiser tomorrow to raise the money to keep it open. Can I count on you gals to help? All together : Of course. Absolutely. Just say the word, anything you need. Thank you. Who are you? Cliff Harting. Who are you? I'm Grace. Grace Sherman. The fundraiser is going to be at the library, starting at noon, and hopefully you can stop by. I've never been a big library user myself. So? I've never been a big art buyer, but it doesn't mean I can't appreciate fine art. You are going to display this stuff in here, aren't you? Oh, um... I'd love to, but I'm not sure it meets our aesthetic goals... Oh, goals, schmoals. This isn't Paris. This work suits the demographic of this town to a tee. Nice to meet you. [Knock on door] Anybody home? Uh-oh, long day, huh? I was just on my way over to Moon's to pick up some fish and chips. Want to join me and Eric? Oh, I can't. I promised Grace I'd host a baking marathon for this fundraiser she's planning tomorrow. Right, of course. Such tough luck about the library. Plus, this case is still not finished. Divorces do tend to get messy. They're the majority of the cases I get, and it's always the same thing... He says one thing, she says another. And you have to figure out where the truth lies. Hardest part of my job. Where does the truth lie in this case? Frankly... I have no idea. 
 
 ♪ Hey, Charlotte. Hope you're not in a hurry. There you go. One soy latte. I ordered a plain coffee. Decaf. Right. Yeah, he does seem a little overworked. I know, and it's getting worse ever since Justine stopped working here. Why doesn't he hire somebody new? Great idea. I keep trying to tell him, "Why don't you put up a help wanted sign?" You know, that's what I should do. No, no, no, wait. You don't need to put up a sign. I have the perfect person for you. A server job? Yup, at Moon's. You've met him. Great guy, he's really easy-going, and all you have to do is show up tomorrow at 9:00 A.M. He doesn't want to interview me or anything? Nope, job's yours. He's desperate for help. So he's just giving me this because he's desperate? That's not what I mean, Eric. Look, this is good news. It's local, no special skills are required, and like you said, it's just to tide you over until construction picks up. It's perfect. [Radio plays] Delilah : Second chances are good,  but if all the right bells  are going off,  go for it, with abandon. You're listening to Delilah... Oh, honey, here, use this. Wouldn't want somebody to find a hair in their cupcake. Mom... You know I love you, and I think you're awesome... Oh, I feel a "but" coming... But it's going to take a lot of cupcake sales to raise all the money you're gonna need. She's got a point. It's not just the cupcakes. I have been calling every club in town to ask for their help. So they can come, they can set up their booths, sell their wares. I even checked into getting one of those wet-sponge toss games. I mean, people pay money to throw sponges at people's faces. Sign Warren Saget up, you'll make the money easily. Grandma... Of course, the one I could use is Rosie Westen. Her connection with the school, the PTA, she'd really be able to help pull this thing together at such short notice. But she's a wee bit preoccupied at the moment. Did I tell you what I heard? Zach is fighting her for sole custody. Do you believe the nerve of that man? All I'm saying is, there's a lot of blame on both sides. Yes, well, 99.5%... I'm not talking. It's so sad, seeing marriages end. But sometimes it's unavoidable. Grace, you worked hard on your marriage. You tried to save it. The problem is with couples these days is they don't want to put in the effort. At the first sign of trouble, it's "let's get a divorce." Yeah. Good? Mm. This is about more than arguments and miscommunications, your honor. My husband likes to talk about working long hours at his office... To support my family. Two sets of braces, two college educations... Maybe you should ask him the real reason he stays late at the office. Oh, give me a break. Not this again. Go ahead. Your honor, there's nothing really to say. Then I'll say it. We'd been fighting a lot. I decided to go to Zach's office to talk to him, to work things out, away from the kids. I saw him and his assistant, Janice, kissing. I did not kiss her! How many times do I have to tell you that? I know what I saw, Zach. No, you don't, Rosie. You don't! Your honor, it was tax season, Janice and I were working on a complicated return, and we were missing one crucial document. Without it, I was in serious trouble. She found the file and I gave her a hug. It was completely innocent, yet she will not believe me. I know what I saw, Zach. No, you don't! You saw what you want to see. Anything to paint me the bad guy. All right, enough. You're married... which means at one time you loved each other. If you take this step, there's no going back, for you or your family. So I'm going to adjourn for the day, and I want the two of you... just the two of you... to go home and talk to each other. And not just talk, but listen. And try to remember what brought you together in the first place. [Knock on door] I'm on my way to Grace's fundraiser. Want to go together? You go ahead. I'll see you there soon. You still dealing with the Westen divorce? You all right? [Quietly] Yeah. You did everything you could to make it work, you know. It was Stan who walked away. Who said anything about Stan? [♪] Yay! [Cheering] Good job! All right, my turn, my turn. So far so good, Grace. People are stepping up. Oh, good. I think things will pick up even more once people come home from work. Soak the scallywag, huh? Why, Mr. Harting, I thought you didn't have much time for libraries. Well, I figured I'd at least put an appearance in. So, are you just going to stand there, or... How much? 10 bucks. Here's a 50... In case I miss the first four times. What? Thanks. Allison... Okay, now, you just need to know, I just need a moment... I need to prepare. One minute just to prepare. This is my first time... and... oh! [Wincing] [Splats] [Spluttering] [Allison laughing] Whose bright idea was this, Allison? [Laughing] [Chuckling and chatting] Mm. Hey! Moon, so good to see you out here helping out. "Well, when you are growing up, "There are two institutional places that affect you most powerfully, the church, which belongs to God, and the public library, which belongs to you." Okay, hold on a second, let me guess... Uh, Thoreau? Keith Richards. [Laughs] Hmm. Oh, hey, how did it go this morning? You able to breathe a little bit easier now? Oh, I always breathe easy in Cedar Cove. The salt air, you know, does wonders for the sinuses. No, I meant, how did Eric do today? Eric started working for Moon today. Great! Eric...? My son? Oh. Oh, right! Eric! He didn't show. What? Well, he didn't show up. Maybe he was sick or something, I don't know. He didn't call, but, you know... Yeah. Not your typical honeymoon, that's for sure. But you ended up loving it. I did. I mean, I'd never camped a night before in my life, but those starry nights, the sound of the stream nearby... The champagne... [Chuckles] The bear tearing into our food because we didn't store it properly. I used to love those trips. The weekends in Portland, hiking up mt. Rainier... Just you and me. That was the best part. We should've done that more often. But the kids come along and it's hard to find the time. But we should've made the time. We should have made it a priority. A priority, yeah, you mean, like, ahead of the mortgage payments, insurance premiums car payments, for two cars... I needed that car, Zach. Did you? I mean, while we're talking about priorities... Please, don't start with this again... Maybe if you'd have gotten paid for some of that volunteer work, we could've afforded more of these vacations. Give me a break. We talked about me going back to work. I would've gladly gone back to work... Eddie is in fourth grade, Rose! He needs someone to take him to school, to make his dinner, to pick him up at soccer practice... Oh, stop! Stop! I'm so sick of all of this! You know what, that makes both of us! Zach : There's just no use, I'm done with this! [Door slams] [Door opens] Eric! Okay, look, dad, you've just got to let me explain about this. I was going... You didn't even show up! I got you a job, right here in town, you didn't even show up. Okay, yeah. Look, I was going to, I was. But then... You know, I just thought, like, a serving job? It's not really what I want to be doing with my life. Who said anything about your life? It's a  job  for now. While you figure out what it is you want to do. I know, and that's what I was thinking, maybe I should try and find something that's a little closer to what I want to do... Okay, you tell me, you tell me, what is close to what you want to do? I don't know... Exactly. Jeez... [sighs] Eric, there is no perfect job, especially when you're starting out, okay? Listen, I've known I wanted to be a journalist since I was 18 years old, and I'll tell you, I had to take a lot of crummy jobs along the way to make ends meet... So, what? That's what I did! I'll take that crummy job, is that what I'm supposed to do? Absolutely! For now, absolutely, you do! If you're waiting for the perfect job, you're going to be waiting forever. Beggars can't be choosers... Oh, now I'm a beggar now, huh? Please! That's not... You're not a kid anymore, Eric. You've got to learn to stand up on your own two feet. Seriously? You're gonna talk to me about standing on my own two feet? I mean, the guy that spent most of my childhood stumbling around the house? All the times that I needed you. All the times that I needed fatherly advice, where were you? [Smacks counter] All right, you want to do this now? Let's do it. All right. Listen, there's not a day that goes by that I don't feel guilty about that. I was a lousy father, Eric! I know! I'm trying... to be a better father now. And that means sometimes you've got to say things to your kid that he doesn't want to hear. So... you are welcome to stay here as long as you want. But from now on, you're going to give your share of the rent, and groceries, and we're going to divvy up these chores. You are a great kid, Eric, and you've got so much potential, but you've got to start taking responsibility for your life, and it starts now. You did the right thing. I just hope it doesn't backfire. I know it's tough, but you needed to say it and he needed to hear it. Who knows? You may come home to a clean house. [Chuckles] Right. [Telephone rings] Hello? Oh, dear. Okay, I'll be right over. What happened? That was Grace. Allison... Rosie's daughter, she's missing. I'll go with you. Eddie said she snuck out the back. Nobody's been able to reach her. It's like she's disappeared. Did you call the sheriff? First thing. He and his deputies are patrolling the town, looking for her. I just talked to Peggy Beldon. She's not there, either. Bob's going to go looking for that boy she's been hanging around... Anson. Maybe she went to his house? We could also help out with the search. We should probably take separate cars, cover more ground. [Sighing] This is all my fault. She overheard Zach and I fighting. So did her brother. I feel sick about this. Try to think. Is there anywhere she might go? I took my mom's key and let myself in. That's fine. I'm just glad you're okay. "Alice In Wonderland." I love that book. My mom used to read this to me when I was little. You can take it home with you if you like. Allie, there's a lot of people looking for you. Your poor mom is beside herself. I'm sorry. I just needed some peace and quiet. You came to the right place. Eric? Eric? I spoke with my ex. She hasn't heard from him either. He'll turn up. [Sighing] He took money, too. I had about $200 in a drawer. It's gone now. I don't know, Olivia, I told you. I'm just... I'm just no good at this parenting thing. Every parent feels like that, Jack. I've been at it a while, and I still haven't figured it out. Me and my mom? There was a time that we fought constantly. I resented her, I was angry at her. And look at us now. It's a lifetime job. It's full of bumps. The important thing is, is that you do the best you can for your kids, and you never give up on them. I understand your talk didn't go very well. Your differences remain unresolved. But before we proceed, I have one final request to make. The brownies are from the library fundraiser. They're really yummy. When my husband and I split up, it was really hard on my daughter. You know what she told me years later? She said, "No one ever asked me what I wanted." I want to be sure that I don't make that mistake again. We both want the same thing. We want our lives not to change. Please be seated. I've made my ruling. Since you two were unable... or unwilling... to settle your differences, I won't stand in your way. I'll grant you the divorce. As far as custody goes... divorces are often hardest on the children. I couldn't lie to Allison and Eddie, there will be a lot of change in their lives. But what I could do is make sure that they maintained a relationship with both parents, and that they woke up in the same bed every morning. Rosie and Zach Weston, you will share joint custody... But the children won't leave the house. You will. I'm sorry? You two will take turns living with the children in the house. Two weeks on, two weeks off. But where am I supposed to stay when I'm not at home with them? That's for you to figure out. Perhaps you could share the apartment in Tacoma. Rosie could stay there for the two weeks that you're here with the kids here. Your honor... I'm sorry, I really don't want to share my apartment with her... And I don't want to leave my house... My decision isn't about the two of you. It's about your children. I had to decide what was best for them. And it's time that you two did the same. Court adjourned. [Bangs gavel] It's just a small stretch of waterfront near the pier. I don't know. Look, Louie, we need this hotel, okay? Look, a few bed and breakfasts isn't going to cut it if... Mayor Hanson, wait! Oh, Grace. I know that the budget cuts are being ratified today, so I just wanted to give you all the money that we raised. Oof! As you can see, the fundraiser was a huge success. The people of this town really came together. There we go. And this would be the total. She's still short of the needed amount. Yes, I know. $653. But we only had two days. I promise you, we will get you the rest. No. Are you kidding me? You're seriously gonna go through with this after everything these people did to raise this money? What happened to all the goodwill you earned saving the lighthouse? You just want to throw that away and go back to being the most unpopular man in Cedar Cove? Now, Grace, listen to me... No, you listen to me! If you shut down the library for $653, good luck being re-elected. Grace, stop making threats... No, you don't understand... What was that amount again? Mr. Harting, what are you doing here? Well, I stopped by the library. They said you were here. The amount you're short? $653. Turn around? What? [Sighs] You don't have to do this. I know. But you talked your daughter into showing my father's artwork. A few pieces just sold. Aside from soaking you with a couple hundred more sponges, I can't think of a better use for the money. Um... thank you. Well, congratulations, Grace. You just saved the library. Thank you. [♪] [Cell phone rings] Hello? Marie, is that you? What? No, I... Hold on a second, the signal's cutting out. Sorry! Excuse me, coming through. Hey, sorry. Emergency call. Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. Hi, Marie? Yeah, say that again. You spoke with Eric? Is he okay? What, you're wiring him money? No, it... no, listen, he needs to take responsibility, that's... No, I didn't kick him out! That's... did he say that? Yes, I probably could have handled it better, Marie... [Stammers] No, I didn't... Marie, I can't hear you. Are you there? Marie! ♪ No lights on in that house ♪ 
♪ even the shades have been drawn ♪ 
♪ feelin' tired and worn out ♪ Olivia :  Can you give us a minute? ♪ Like cracks on the sidewalk... ♪ [Sighs heavily] My ex called. She talked with Eric. She's wiring him the money to come home. He's safe. That's good. Yeah. He told her that I kicked him out. So... they both hate me. They're wrong. [Chuckles ruefully] Look, Olivia, I just, uh... [Sighs] I don't really feel like talking right now. Then let's not talk. [♪] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 