Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Starting Over - Cedar Cove 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Starting Over https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=362&t=19361 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/14 00:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Starting Over 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Cedar Cove... 
 It is time for me to sell my house. 
 There's a lien on the house because of the second mortgage. 
 Dan paid that off. 
 I want you to finish school, Eric. 
 Eric, how would you like to be an associate at Saget Development? 
 I'm sorry, but I read it. 
 You read my letter? 
 That letter was private, you shouldn't have opened it. 
 I'm sorry, it just fell out of your jacket. 
 And last night, you just kept muttering, "Caroline," and then the letter was addressed to her. 
 I know I shouldn't have done it, but I was worried about you. 
 You don't need to worry about me. 
 Well, after what happened at the bar, I can't help it. 
 So, the letter was for the widow of a soldier you knew? 
 Yeah, my best friend. 
 Frank. 
 She moved to Cedar Cove after he... 
 We met at basic training. 
 Just hit it off right away. 
 You know, brothers from another mother. 
 I was best man at their wedding. 
 I'm the godfather of their son, Jake. 
 So Frank wrote the letter to his wife? 
 In war, you never know when something's going to happen to you. 
 But the odds are that something could. 
 So you write letters to the people that you love. 
 He had my letter, and I had his. 
 Can I ask what happened? 
 We were just outside of kabul. 
 Our seal team was called in for some R & R. 
 That's "rescue and recovery." 
 Frank went back for the last man, almost made it to the helo. 
 Never saw it coming, none of us did. 
 Sniper got him. 
 So why haven't you given her the letter? 
 Because I can't look her in the eye. 
 It's not your fault that he died. 
 Look, Frank had everything. 
 A beautiful wife, he had a son. 
 If anyone should've died that day, it should have been me. 
 Don't do that. 
 Don't play those head games. 
 Look, I know that you're trying to help, but you weren't there. 
 You don't know what it's like to lose someone. 
 I lost my twin brother, Jordan. 
 I was 13. 
 He drowned, and I saw it happen. 
 And like you, I tormented myself for years, trying to figure out why Jordan died, and I lived. 
 But then I realized that the only way to cherish the memory of his life was by living mine. 
 Live it for the both of us. 
 Because that's what Jordan would have wanted, and I'll bet you that that's what Frank would want, too. 
 You have come all of this way with that letter. 
 Just take the last few steps. 
 Hey. 
 Thanks, guys. 
 [Small change jingles] 
 [Chuckles] Tourists... 
 Can't live with them, can't live without them, definitely can't live off their tips. 
 Yeah, well, it's not their fault entirely. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 No offense, but there's kind of a pay ceiling here, I think I hit it a while ago. 
 Sorry, man. 
 No, you're great, Moon. 
 I mean, you hired me when no one else would have. 
 Well, I wish I could figure out a way to get you more money, but you're already working most of the shifts. 
 I think I need more. 
 Ah, a second job, good for you. 
 A different job. 
 Oh. 
 I get it. 
 You do? 
 Well, yeah. 
 It's not like you're quitting to go play more x-box, or something. 
 You've got a baby and Shelly to think about. 
 I do. 
 How are they doing, by the way? 
 You know, they're great. 
 They're just too far away. 
 [Mumbles in sympathy] 
 Thanks for not being upset with me. 
 Well, hey... [chuckles] 
 Moon's is kind of like a way-station for the kids of Cedar Cove. 
 A right of passage, if you will. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 Pretty much everyone in this town has worked for me at one time or another. 
 I take some pride in that. 
 Yeah, my ex-waiters and waitresses are now doctors, lawyers, tradespeople, teachers, nurses. 
 They all started right here, just like you. 
 So, uh, what are you going to do with yourself? 
 Warren Saget offered me a job. 
 [Awkwardly] Uh-huh. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 It's beautiful, isn't it? 
 Yes. Stunning. 
 Aw, I wish I could stay here all day with you, but Cooperton calls. 
 It was good of you to clear out your docket for Grace. 
 Well, she's going to need all the support she can get in this hearing against Dan. 
 She doesn't have a lawyer? 
 Well, Dan is in contempt of their divorce agreement, so all Grace has to do is tell the judge and he'll force Dan to pay off the lien. 
 And I spoke to the buyer's agent. 
 If Grace can get this all this cleared up, they still want to buy the house. 
 Well, your day sounds way better than mine. 
 I have to interview Warren Saget. 
 [Sighs heavily] 
 The owner of "the chronicle" has been pushing me to write a flattering profile of him, and he's insisting that I put it in the next issue. 
 Warren sinks a lot of ad dollars into the paper, so... 
 Warren trumps Dan. 
 You win. 
 But I don't really win, do I? 
 Tonight you do. 
 Oh? 
 Because I'll be spending it with you. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I like the sound of that. 
 You're going to be okay. 
 Is Cliff on his way? 
 He wanted to be here, but he has business in Bremerton. 
 I just hope I'm doing the right thing. 
 You are, and I'm here to make sure Dan does the right thing. 
 Grace. 
 Olivia, nice to see you. 
 Oh, please, don't. 
 Your charms have never and will never work on me, Daniel Sherman. 
 Really? 
 Yes. I never found you all that charming. 
 [Scoffs] 
 I do have a bad feeling about this. 
 I think I just want to go home. 
 Nonsense. 
 You can do this. 
 It just makes me so angry. 
 You can do this. 
 We can do this. 
 We are doing this. 
 Okay. 
 Let's roll. 
 [Sighs heavily] 
 [Quietly] Uh, no. 
 [Sighing] 
 Jack. 
 You're late. 
 I'm a busy man. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, I see you got all dressed up for the occasion. 
 I'm honored. 
 Let's just get this over with. 
 Yeah? Ask away. I'm an open book. 
 Something tells me that's not what the FBI says about you. 
 Jack... 
 Warren... 
 My false arrest is not up for discussion. 
 Right. 
 So... 
 You're not from Cedar Cove. 
 No, actually, I'm from back east, same as you. 
 And what brought you out here? 
 Ah, let's see, I took a vacation in the area a few years back, and what can I say, it was love at first sight. 
 A paradise on earth. 
 A little slice of heaven. 
 Three cliches in a row. 
 Don't strain yourself. 
 And of course, you're a developer. 
 Actually, no, I prefer to think of myself more as a visionary. 
 A visionary? 
 Yeah. 
 Sorry, do you need some help spelling that? 
 No, I'm good. 
 Good. 
 So, what exactly is your vision for Cedar Cove? 
 Well... 
 I want to share this town with the world, Jack. 
 I mean, come on, it's like a picture book, isn't it? 
 It's an ideal place to live. 
 From the quaint, hundred-year-old buildings that line the waterfront, to the peaceful marina that's sheltered from the stormy pacific. 
 I really believe Cedar Cove is the kind of place, Jack, that people come to live and raise a family. 
 And I know there is no other place on earth I'd rather call home. 
 Hmm. 
 Okay... 
 But your actions don't match your words. 
 How so? 
 Tearing down historical landmarks, like the lighthouse, and replacing them with a town full of generic condominiums. 
 I know that's not a Cedar Cove I'd like to call home. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You know, Jack, your boss, my friend, promised me you'd play nice. 
 It's a legitimate question. 
 No, it's not. 
 You see, because I saved the lighthouse, and I'm a firm believer in maintaining cedar cove's small-town charms. 
 Shouldn't you be writing this down? 
 Our divorce settlement was very straightforward. 
 Dan got the 401k, I got the house. 
 It was supposed to come with a clear title. 
 I had no idea about the lien. 
 He never disclosed that information. 
 Mr. Sherman, do you have a response? 
 Your honor. 
 Ms. Sherman... 
 Is that your signature? 
 Looks like it, your honor. 
 As you can see, the lien against the house is in my ex-wife's name, not mine, your honor. 
 She was aware of the lien when we divorced. 
 Do you have anything to add, Ms. Sherman? 
 Clearly, my ex-wife has a selective memory. 
 The divorce was not amicable. 
 Ms. Sherman, do you have anything to say? 
 All right, I would like to take a short recess to review all the paperwork. 
 Unbelievable. 
 He forged your signature? 
 I mean, I knew you and Dan had problems, but that's low. 
 Grace, why didn't you say something to the judge? 
 Grace... 
 He didn't forge my signature. 
 He would hand me things to sign all the time. 
 I was married to this man for over 30 years. 
 He's the father of my children, and I trusted him. 
 He was constantly moving money from one account to another. 
 I just didn't always look at what I was signing. 
 I'm an idiot. 
 No, you're not. 
 A lot of couples let one person handle the money. 
 He convinced me not to hire lawyers for this divorce, not because he wanted to save money. 
 He just didn't want me to figure out what he had done. 
 [Sandpaper rasping] 
 So, how did you get me here again? 
 Does it matter? 
 You're here. 
 I-I can't do this... 
 But you are... 
 Doing this. 
 Luke? 
 Get over here. 
 I have reviewed all of the documents, and unless you have something to add, Ms. Sherman, I'm going to have to rule that you are legally responsible for the lien on the home. 
 [Quietly] Ask for a continuance. 
 I think I'd like a continuance. 
 What for? 
 Because you want to introduce new evidence. 
 Apparently, I want to introduce new evidence. 
 Fine. 
 You, and judge Lockhart, have until end of business tomorrow. 
 Thank you, everybody. 
 This is ridiculous. 
 Grace... 
 Dan, wait! 
 Don't. 
 Don't what? 
 Lie? 
 'Cause that's what you're doing. 
 I trusted you. 
 I didn't do anything wrong. 
 How can you say that? 
 I can't help if you didn't want to read anything to do with our finances. 
 I was busy raising our children, taking care of our home, supporting you and your career. 
 We were married. We were a team. 
 I'm not made of money. 
 I've seen the new house. 
 That's what this is about, isn't it? 
 Excuse me? 
 The house, the girlfriend. 
 I've moved on, Grace. 
 You should, too. 
 Dan's going to win this. 
 No, he isn't. 
 I don't have any new evidence. 
 Yet. 
 You are sweet, I love you, but you know I'm right. 
 "Never, never, never give up," 
 Winston Churchill. 
 "I don't stand a chance." 
 Grace Sherman. 
 We're going to find something that proves Dan's lying. 
 We are. 
 I'd heard you made it back, but I didn't know where you were. 
 I've just been moving around a lot. 
 Not easy to stay in one spot. 
 I used to call it "itchy" when Frank would get like that, and he was always itchy when he'd get back from deployment. 
 So, Justine, how long have you and Luke been together? 
 Oh, we're just friends. 
 [Sighs] 
 I have something to give you. 
 [Sighs] 
 I could read it for you if you like. 
 "Dear Caroline, "if you're reading this," 
 "it means that I didn't keep my promise." 
 "I didn't make it home." 
 "I fell in love with you the moment we met." 
 "That night I told Luke" that I was going to marry you, "and I did." 
 "I didn't think I would be any happier" 
 "than the day that we got married," 
 "but Jake was born, and you made me a father." 
 "You two are my whole life." 
 "The picture of all of us at the beach last summer," 
 "it's the first thing I see when I wake up." 
 "No matter where I am, you two are always with me," 
 "and you always will be." 
 "Caroline, be strong." 
 "I love you." 
 "Frank." 
 Uncle Luke! 
 Hey! 
 Jake! 
 Uncle Luke... 
 Honey, when you called from the game, you said you'd hurt your shoulder again, you didn't say it was in a sling. 
 Dr. Grewe was there. 
 He said it's just a sprain. I knew you would worry. 
 You're back! 
 Hey, buddy. 
 We won the game! 
 Well, all right, way to go. 
 I scored the winning run. 
 Does this hurt? 
 Who cares? We're in the playoffs. 
 [Chuckling] 
 Oh, whoa. 
 Man, look how big you got. 
 I'm almost as big as you. 
 Yeah, almost. 
 Hey, let's get some ice on this. 
 Yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 Hey, Jack. 
 Oh, sorry, Bob. 
 You okay? 
 [Sighs heavily] 
 I just came from interviewing Warren Saget. 
 My boss at "the chronicle" wants me to write a puff piece. 
 [Groans] That stinks. 
 Yeah. 
 Not only does it go against everything I believe as a journalist, but it just sickens me to have to promote this worm, you know? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, I know what I'd really like to write. 
 Let me guess, his shady business dealings, his arrest, not to mention how all those federal charges were so mysteriously dropped. 
 Exactly. 
 Yea, but if you write the truth, you'll be biting the hand that feeds you. 
 And therein lies my frustration. 
 Well, I feel for you, buddy, I really do. 
 You're stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
 Or Warren... 
 And the truth. 
 Yeah. 
 Uncle Luke... 
 It's a Gungan transport ship. 
 It flies, but goes underwater, too. 
 Wow, that's impressive. 
 The Navy could use a couple of these. 
 That is the happiest I've seen him in months. 
 They seem really close. 
 Luke used to be around all the time. 
 He and Frank were like this. 
 That must be hard for you. 
 I'm tougher than I look, but I worry about Jake. 
 Frank was his whole world. 
 That's the Navy cross. 
 It's for you. 
 Really? 
 It means you're a hero, right? 
 No, your dad's the real hero. 
 Mm... 
 Really? 
 Yes. 
 This is where we're going to find new evidence? 
 This is where we're going to find motivation. 
 [Chuckling] 
 We haven't done this since high school. 
 Elaine Meltzer. 
 It was the head cheerleader tryouts. 
 She was like this circus act, it was like she didn't even have a spine. 
 But I was still robbed. 
 You were. 
 She was all tricks, no talent. 
 And then what happened? 
 She beat me out of head cheerleader. 
 And then? 
 Don't you remember, her boyfriend rigged the vote? 
 [Gasping] Bobby Fitzsimmons. 
 That's right. 
 Great quarterback, but what a weasel. 
 And? 
 Well, she was thrown off the team, I was named head cheerleader, but it nothing to do with cupcakes. 
 Back then, just like now, you felt defeated. 
 I brought you here today to remind you that even though you felt that way, you weren't. 
 Grace? 
 Repeat after me... "I will not give up." 
 I will not give up. 
 I will not give up. 
 [Sighs] 
 Okay! 
 I will not give up! 
 Good. 
 Now, let's go get that ex-husband of yours. 
 But first, can we just... 
 Cupcakes? 
 Yes. 
 
 
 
 Hey, dad. 
 Hey. 
 Moon let you leave early? 
 I'm, uh, I'm not working today. 
 Oh, hey. 
 Look what Shelly sent me. 
 Oh, Adele. 
 She's a beauty, just like her mom... 
 Send that to me. 
 That's my new screen-saver. 
 I will. 
 So, what's up? 
 Your hair. 
 You pull at it when you get stressed. 
 [Groaning in frustration] 
 I am trying to find something... 
 Anything nice I can say about Warren Saget. 
 I'm sure you can find something nice to say. 
 I can... 
 Find a nice way of saying what he is. 
 Dad... 
 Instead of "liar," 
 I have "Fabulist," 
 "fibber," 
 "fabricator..." 
 No, you're right, "liar" is best. 
 He can't be that bad. 
 I'm sorry, did I miss something? 
 Since when did you become a Warren Saget defender? 
 You're the one that's always telling me nothing's black and white. 
 I also said every rule has an exception. 
 Warren Saget is all bad, all the time. 
 Jake... 
 Yeah? 
 He looks so much like his dad. 
 It's wild. 
 They both seem so happy to see you. 
 So, what's next for you? 
 Well, I'm almost out of money, and I have no place to stay, so... 
 I think it's time to move on. 
 What about Cecilia and Ian? 
 I feel like I'm always in the way. 
 Well, do you like it here in Cedar Cove? 
 Yeah, it's nice. 
 Good. 
 I brought wine. 
 Red or white? 
 We're not having a date, are we? 
 I forgot. 
 Have a cupcake. 
 [Chuckling] 
 Does this have something to do with Dan? 
 Grace and I are going through every scrap of paper she could unearth trying to find something, anything that's going to help her case. 
 Anything I can do to help? 
 That's sweet, but you've got an article to write. 
 [Chuckles ruefully] 
 I'm a journalist, not a politician. 
 I don't do well spinning fluff. 
 I think you should write the piece you want to write. 
 My editor disagrees. 
 Someone once told me if you don't have your journalistic integrity, you don't have anything. 
 Good night, Grace. 
 Thanks for the wine... 
 And Olivia. 
 Hey... 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh... this isn't the ferry. 
 No, it isn't. 
 So, where am I? 
 The thyme and tide. 
 Come on. 
 Hello! 
 Welcome. 
 I'm Peggy, and this is Bob, and you must be Luke. 
 Uh, yes, ma'am. 
 It's an honor to meet you, son. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 So, you were in Afghanistan? 
 Seals, right? 
 That's correct, sir. 
 Vietnam. 
 Third marine division. 
 I'll get your bags for you. 
 Justine said you're looking for a place to stay. 
 She did? 
 Yes. 
 I don't think I can afford to stay in a place this nice. 
 Well, you do get the veteran's discount, you know. 
 Well, discount or no discount, I don't have a job yet, so I can't afford it. 
 But thank you. 
 Okay, well, I need a handyman. 
 The pay is fair, the work is hard, I'll even give you a break on the rent until you catch up, financially. 
 I can't accept charity. 
 That's not charity. 
 It's a job. 
 Well, thank you, sir. 
 [Chuckles] Good. 
 So, what exactly am I looking for again? 
 Oh, any boxes that Dan may have checked or initialed on your behalf. 
 It's like reading Greek. 
 You read Greek? 
 [Chuckling] 
 You know, I still don't see why we can't do this and have wine at the same time. 
 Because you need to focus. 
 See, that's the thing, though. 
 The wine would help me focus. 
 You know, this is just like high school, minus the wine, of course. 
 What? 
 Me working and you... 
 Working. 
 Open the wine. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 [Sighing] 
 So... do we have Dan? 
 Well, not yet. 
 Who am I kidding? 
 Grace, I have until 5:00 tomorrow, and I'm going to find something, I promise you. 
 No, you won't. 
 It's Dan. 
 He's going to get away with this. 
 The sooner I accept it, the better. 
 I think I'm just going to go home. 
 But you just opened the wine. 
 You know, this just isn't about the money. 
 He cheated on me during our marriage, and he's still cheating on me, financially. 
 Grace, please. 
 No. 
 Enough. 
 I'm just going to walk back into that court tomorrow and watch him get away with it. 
 And just like our marriage... 
 It's not fair, it just is what it is. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Oh, I should take this, it's Cliff. 
 I'll talk to you tomorrow. 
 Okay. 
 Hi, Cliff. 
 Oh, no, I'm just leaving now. 
 You back in Cooperton today? 
 This afternoon. 
 I'd love to come and lend some moral support, but I've got plans. 
 Cecilia? 
 Luke. 
 Oh, the rather inebriated man from my sofa? 
 Yes. 
 I found out that he was really here to deliver a letter to the widow of his best friend who died in combat. 
 Caroline, Frank's widow was really happy to get the letter. 
 It gave her some closure, so... 
 It felt nice to be a part of making that happen. 
 I'll bet it did. 
 So am I going to see your new friend on my sofa again? 
 Actually, he's staying at the thyme and tide. 
 He doesn't have much money, so Bob is letting him work off the cost of room and board. 
 Oh, whose idea was that? 
 I couldn't help myself. 
 I knew that he wanted to stay, but he's so used to running away, that he just didn't know how to stay put. 
 So, you helped him. 
 I did. 
 Good for you. 
 I spoke to maryellen last night. 
 She's devastated. 
 I can't believe that her dad would treat her mom like that. 
 She tried to talk to him, but he won't listen to her either. 
 Poor maryellen. 
 I know, it's killing me. 
 I couldn't sleep last night. 
 I can't stand seeing Grace so defeated. 
 So, why doesn't she fight back? 
 She doesn't think that she can beat Dan. 
 So, why don't you fight back for her? 
 She asked me not to. 
 Like that's ever worked. 
 Sometimes, the best thing you can do for your best friend is not listen to them. 
 Thank you. Glad you liked it. 
 [Crowd murmuring] 
 Thank you. 
 Hey, Bob! 
 Jack! 
 Terrific article this morning. 
 I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
 And I read it twice, I had to. 
 I was laughing so hard the first time, I missed some things. 
 I'm glad you liked it. 
 It was more punch than puff. 
 Yeah, my boss wasn't too thrilled. 
 Did you get in trouble? 
 Oh, he yelled a lot, but you know what, I had a job right out of journalism school where my boss threw a chair at me for splitting an infinitive. 
 Yelling, I can take. 
 Yeah, well, sometimes, you've got to call a spade a spade, or in Warren's case, you'd call that phony a... 
 Let's see, how did you put it? 
 "A disingenuous charlatan with the moral backbone of a spineless bottom-feeder." 
 Too much? 
 Just enough. 
 [Laughs] "Bottom-feeder?" 
 [Laughing] 
 That's good! 
 Hey, Moon. 
 Hey. 
 Double, black. 
 Two sugars. 
 Actually, I think I need something to balance out all the caffeine I had earlier. 
 I've got a muffin here that'll put you right. 
 Sold. 
 No, no, no, this one's on the house. 
 Let's just call it a fair trade for the pleasure I had in reading "the chronicle" this morning. 
 [Chuckling] I see. 
 "A boomerang always comes back to the person who threw it." 
 Am I the boomerang or the thrower? 
 Neither. 
 It's just another way of saying, "what goes around, comes around." 
 Karma. 
 Gotta love it. 
 So, where's Eric? 
 Is he in the back? 
 Oh, he didn't tell you? 
 Eric quit. 
 He's, uh, working for Warren Saget. 
 [Sander whirring] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Hey, no worries, happens to me all the time. 
 Luke... 
 Sander's a piece of junk. 
 Sorry. 
 It's okay, it's okay. 
 Look, why don't we take a break? 
 Look, I don't want to take a break. 
 I just want to sand the door. 
 [Sander whirring] 
 [Cuts power] 
 I'm going to call this a mandatory break. 
 Walk it off, son. 
 What's on the menu? 
 Well, we've got smoked salmon canapes with horseradish cream, sour cream and butter mashed potatoes, thick pork chops with apple stuffing and cider gravy, and to finish off, double ginger cake with a little sassy lemon drizzle. 
 You make it hard for people to check out. 
 That's the idea. 
 So, how's Luke? 
 He's really hurting. 
 He reminds me of someone else I know who came back from war. 
 Yeah. 
 [Sighs] 
 That boy is in a lot of pain. 
 Which is why you offered him a job and a place to live. 
 So you can keep an eye on him. 
 So we can. 
 Yeah. 
 We. 
 Where's Grace? 
 She'll be here later, when we go before the judge. 
 This is between you and me. 
 I don't know what you think you're going to do... 
 I know you so well. 
 High school, college, marriage, and everything in between. 
 And, on paper, legally, you've got Grace beat. 
 I'm not some defendant or lawyer in your courtroom. 
 You can't intimidate me, and you don't scare me. 
 Grace just has to pay off the lien, or sell the house, settle it that way. 
 Leave it to you two to make such a big deal out of this. 
 But it's not her debt, it's yours, and that's not fair. 
 Well, sometimes, life isn't fair. 
 Agreed. 
 See you in court. 
 Probably more than once. 
 Excuse me? 
 It may be too late for me to help Grace, but it's not too late for me to help Katie. 
 What's Katie got to do with this? 
 Well, I figured if you tricked Grace into signing bank documents, chances are you did the same to Katie. 
 I think I'm going to have a nice long conversation with Katie, and lay out all the facts for her. 
 She won't believe you. 
 Oh... 
 She'll believe this. 
 You'd be amazed to know the extent to which our personal finances aren't personal. 
 They're just out there, if you know where to look... 
 And I do know where to look. 
 I'll get Katie to see the truth about you. 
 I swear it. 
 With her testimony, which I'm sure she'll be glad to provide, I can go back to the judge and show a pattern of behavior which proves intent. 
 Which means you will be held in contempt for failure to convey clear title to Grace as per your divorce document. 
 But here's the best part, not only will you have to pay off the lien, you'll get at least six months in jail, maybe more. 
 You don't have anything on me. 
 You're bluffing. 
 Maybe, but it's a mighty powerful bluff. 
 So if you can get all your guys, this is good, we can move all this lumber over to site B. 
 And we can start getting up... Eric! Dad? What are you doing here? Me? What are you doing here? [Stammering] I... You quit Moon's? I was going to tell you. You're working for Warren Saget! Jack! I see you've met my new development associate? I've got to tell you, Jack, I see big things in his future. Not to mention how delighted I am he's on board. Right, Eric? Oh, by the way, I really enjoyed your article. Oh, yeah? Yeah, I love good fiction. Ah. Well, if you're waiting for an apology, you're going to be waiting a while. [Chuckles] You know, Jack, what you lack in talent... Your son more than makes up for. He must get it from his mother. Come on, Eric, we've got work to do. Oh. Hey! Hey. I thought you were at the auction till the end of the week. Well, I was. But now you're here. I am. Last night, on the phone, you sounded like you needed me. I do. If everybody's ready... What's going on? Let's get started. Ms. Sherman, do you have any new evidence to present? I'm sorry, your honor, but it seems... Excuse me, your honor. [Clearing throat] I've decided I'm going to, uh, pay off the outstanding lien on the house. Really? It seems like the honorable thing to do. I am pleased you were able to work things out on your own. Then we are adjourned. I want to talk about it now, Daniel... This day just keeps getting better and better. I kind of feel sorry for her. I was her. She has no idea what a snake he is. Oh, yes, she does. Did you talk to her? No, but I opened a whole can of worms in there, and she looks like a smart girl. She'll put the pieces together. I think miss Katie is going to be just fine. Mm-hmm, about those worms... You buy me a red velvet cupcake, and I'll tell you everything. [Chuckles] Deal. Let's get back to Cedar Cove. There's just one thing I need to do. Hi. We were never properly introduced. Cliff Harding. Grace's boyfriend. You're a lucky man. Yeah. Where I come from, this whole thing would have been taken care of differently. And it would have hurt. My hero. Hey there. Come in. Grace won. Oh... that's great. And your article? Nicely done. Journalistic integrity fully intact. Yup. Yup... What's the matter? Oh. Eric quit Moon's. To go to school? No. To work for Warren Saget. Can I tell you something? Sure. I've never seen such a small person eat so much food. Well, I'm not done yet. Oh, yeah? You got lunch, so I'll get dessert. Ice cream? Well, yeah, but I can't make you pay for it. I used to work there so... I'm sorry. Sorry. Hey, you want to watch where you're going? It's okay. Come on. What's his problem? What did you say? Luke... it's okay. No, I want to hear what he said. What'd you say? Relax, man. Look, just get out of my face. Luke! Wait, you want some of this? Luke! Luke, stop it! Luke! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 