Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Murda Night - P-Valley 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Murda Night https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=972&t=38162 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/09/20 06:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Murda Night 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 CLIFFORD: Let's get you all caught up 
 on what happened in the Valley. 
 You come on down to The Pynk, and you sign that petition now, hmm? 
 Why are you out here protesting the casino, Clifford? 
 To help save my club. 
 I say we make the man an offer he can't refuse. 
 BILL: There's no point in making an offer 
 if he's about to go on the auction block. 
 CLIFFORD: Now, you know good and goddamn well 
 that me and you ain't meant for the outside. 
 So that's how it's always gon' be? 
 We just gon' suck and f*ck in the dark? 
 You could stay at home. 
 I don't want to stay at home, Derrick. 
 f*ck, Keyshawn. 
 You know, I can take care of that. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Many folks you killed over there,    you don't need na'an 'nother body on that conscience of yours. 
 Well, it's better his than yours. 
 Wonder what Mercedes will think about you taking over her locker. 
 I share my sh1t. 
 Combination   ,   ,   . 
 Uh, this the music scout I been talking about. 
 I'ma see what he's saying. 
 I'ma catch y'all inside. 
 WODDY: He going on at   :  . We gon' be by the DJ booth. 
 MONTAVIUS: I got my heart set on something else tonight. 
 MERCEDES: Autumn, this gentleman wants to be taken to Paradise. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 Yeah. 
 Autumn? 
 - I shot you. 
 - Not well enough. 
 ♪ 
 Where my money, Hailey? 
 ♪ 
 [THUNDER RUMBLES] 
 [DRAMATIC HIP-HOP MUSIC] 
 MONTAVIUS: I'ma ask you one more time. 
 Where's my mu'f*ckin' money, Hailey? 
 ♪ 
 ♪ Believe that ♪ 
 ♪ Hang around with some niggas ♪ 
 ♪ Hold you down ♪ 
 If you want my money, it ain't here. 
 I put it in a bank. 
 You put a quarter mil in the bank in Chucalissa? 
 They ain't ask you no question? 
 No. 
 See, I mixed it with money I earned from dancing. 
 After a bath in bourbon, they couldn't tell the difference. 
 They should've known you ain't making that kind of money    in this hole in the wall. 
 How' they know that? 
 ♪ 
 I could be a dancer working in clubs from here to Miami. 
 I look like a stripper, not a... 
 Former corporate accountant. 
 Head for business and a body for sin. 
 They always... 
 Underestimate how smart... 
 the pretty girl is. 
 ♪ 
 Yeah. 
 You pretty-ass bitches can get away with murder. 
 Almost. 
 - [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 - EXTRA-EXTRA: Open up! 
 I need the room. 
 - [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 - Come on! 
 Let me in. 
 Open the door. 
 Shh, shh, shh. 
 Who the f*ck up in there? 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 I'm trying to make this coin. 
 - I can't... 
 - Shh, shh. 
 [WHIMPERING] 
 - [WOMAN SHOUTS] 
 - I can't breathe. 
 Killing me won't lead you to the money. 
 [GASPING] 
 Ugh! 
 [WHIMPERING] 
 [EXHALES DEEPLY] 
 AUTUMN: I don't know why I came in here with you. 
 You better follow my orders. 
 They're gonna see. 
 There's cameras all over this place. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ 
 Well... 
 that's why I need your ass to start dancing. 
 ♪ 
 [TENSE MUSIC] 
 ♪ Down in the valley ♪ 
 ♪ Where the girls get naked ♪ 
 ♪ If you throwin' bands ♪ 
 ♪ Then you know she gon' shake it ♪ 
 ♪ One, two, break 'em ♪ 
 ♪ Three, four, rake 'em ♪ 
 ♪ These niggas grind hard ♪ 
 ♪ But these bitches grind harder ♪ 
 ♪ Climbing up the pole just to get out the bottom ♪ 
 ♪ The crowd below ♪ 
   ♪ Stay ready for the show ♪ 
   ♪ The pimps, the dough ♪ 
   ♪ Don't let it take your soul ♪ 
   ♪ We make fallin' on the sky look easy ♪ 
   ♪ Look at my bitches ♪ 
   ♪ Gangsta walking on the ceiling ♪ 
   ♪ Green on the flo' ♪ 
   ♪ Money talk, can you hear me? ♪ 
   ♪ This world is so addicting ♪ 
   ♪ But dreams is expensive, keep spending ♪ 
   ♪ Work hard for the top, can't fall now ♪ 
   ♪ But whatever goes up must fall down ♪ 
   ♪ What you do when the power out? ♪ 
   ♪ Kids hungry, can't do nothin' but scream and shout ♪ 
   ♪ We all choose to live, but it's different routes ♪ 
   ♪ Take the sh1t with shine, gotta make it count ♪ 
   ♪ When you live and die by the paper route ♪ 
   ♪ You spend a dime just to make it out, yeah ♪ 
   ♪ Down in the valley ♪ 
   ♪ Where the girls get naked ♪ 
   ♪ If you throwin' bands ♪ 
   ♪ Then you know she gon' shake it ♪ 
   ♪ One, two, break 'em ♪ 
   ♪ Three, four, rake 'em ♪ 
   ♪ 
  _     [DRAMATIC HIP-HOP MUSIC] 
   ♪ 
   CLIFFORD: It might be Murda night, 
   but leave that beef on the table. 
   Throw that guap up instead. 
   Hey... 
   these laps about to be bodied 
   up in the Pynk toni-i-i-ght. 
   Hey. 
  This the last mu'f*ckin' supper, y'all! 
  Yeah! 
  Let these niggas have they cakes and eat 'em too! 
  [CROWD CHANTING] 
   CLIFFORD: Ooh-ooh! 
   Is my shot callers and my boss bitches in the building? 
  - [LAUGHS] 
 - [CROWD CHEERING] 
   Y'all niggas better be. 
   Ooh! 
   Let's give it up for Chucalissa's new trap prince 
   and the pole princess. 
   It's Lil' Murda 
   - and Miss Mississippi! Aah! 
 - [CROWD CHEERING] 
  ♪ Baby girl twerking like she wanna be my wife ♪   
  ♪ Getting to the bag on a Monday night ♪    
  ♪ Know I got the Benz parked, waiting outside ♪   
  ♪ Finger and her neck, I'ma put it on ice ♪   
  ♪ She can have the Patek, ruin all my credit ♪ 
  ♪ I don't give a f*ck, if she want it, she can get it ♪  
  ♪ Climb to the top, drop down split ♪    
  ♪ Now she's moving that thing, got a nigga so... ♪   
  ALL: ♪ Over love ♪    
  ♪ I usually choose the money over love ♪   
  ♪ Yeah, you can have it, I don't give a f*ck ♪     
  ♪ Tonight she got me 'bout to give it up ♪   
  ♪ Every buck all because ♪    
  [SCREAMING] 
  Oh, nigga, is you crazy? 
  ♪ Can have it, I don't give a f*ck ♪  
  ♪ Tonight she got me 'bout to give it up ♪   
  ♪ Every buck all because ♪    
  Ah, ah, ah! 
  Ho, keep your tongues to yourself. 
  The f*ck. 
  ♪     Woddy. 
  ♪     Nigga, this sh1t best be worth it, man. 
  Oh, I told you... he got that shine,     and I ain't talking about his teeth. 
  That's star power right there. 
   LIL MURDA: ♪ I'm falling, falling ♪ 
  ♪ I'm falling, falling ♪   
  ♪ Falling, falling ♪     
  I sees a star, all right. 
  [CROWD CHEERING, CHANTING] 
  An amendment to Uncle Clifford's rules tonight... no John Hancock, no hard cock. 
  I ain't signing sh1t. 
  You better sign that petition against the casino, mu'fucka. 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  Ah. 
  What the f*ck you think this is? 
  Come on, man, I would put it in the car, but I got a Uber here, man. 
  Nigga, pick it up when you finna go. 
  Whatever, man. 
 sh1t. 
  Diamond, ain't nothing popping off tonight with you at the door. 
  It bet not be. 
  It smell like it's gon' rain. 
  - MAN: I'm good now? 
 - MAN  : Yeah. 
  You know, let me, uh, take this on back to the back. 
  Y'all hit me on the Cricket if y'all need anything. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
 - Thank you, man. 
  DJ Neva Scared! 
  - What? 
 - We ain't never scared, ho. 
  DJ Neva Scared. 
  - What? 
 - We ain't never scared, ho. 
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
  Welcome to the stage The Pynk All-Stars! 
  [HORN BLARES, HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING] 
   RAPPER: ♪ DJ Neva Scared ♪ 
   ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪ 
   ♪ DJ Neva Scared ♪ 
   ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪ 
   ♪ DJ Neva Scared ♪ 
   ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪ 
   ♪ DJ Neva Scared ♪ 
   ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪ 
   ♪ 
  ALL: ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪   
   RAPPER: ♪ Yeah, ho ♪ 
  ALL: ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪   
  ♪     ALL: ♪ We ain't never scared, ho ♪   
   DJ NEVA SCARED: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
  This your new anthem, produced by yours truly. 
  Hit 'em with that new-new. 
 Lil' Murdaaaa! 
  LIL' MURDA: Lil' Murda in this bitch, I'm balling. 
  ♪ M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪    
  ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪     
  ♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪    
  ♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪     
  ♪ M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪  
  ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪   
   ♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪ 
   ♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪ 
  ♪ Country boy, home bread ♪    
  ♪ Raised off the cornbread ♪   
   ♪ Started off with short paper ♪ 
   ♪ Now I'm having long bread ♪ 
   ♪ Dice game, shooting craps ♪ 
   ♪ Lose it all, make it back ♪ 
   ♪ Take it straight to The Pynk ♪ 
  ♪ 'Bout to blow a couple racks ♪    
  ♪ I send the pack out, and I bring the racks in ♪  
   ♪ Walking in through the back door ♪ 
  ♪ Know I'm bringing my straps in ♪    
  ♪ Gone get me a lap dance ♪    
  ♪ Booty sound like she clapped hands ♪   
   ♪ 'Cuz we right by the boot ♪ 
  ♪ Better know that I'm tapped in ♪    
   ♪ Pow, M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪ 
  ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪    
   ♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪ 
  ♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪   
  ♪ M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪  
  ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪    
  ♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪    
  ♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪   
  ♪ Gotta keep one on me, don't get your wig split ♪     
  - Pwow! 
 Bla! 
 - ♪ They'on want no smoke ♪   
 ♪ Ain't talking cigarette ♪    
 ♪ Put it all on the line, went and got me a bigger check ♪  
 ♪ Herringbone chain stacked up ♪    
 ♪ I'ma need me a bigger neck ♪ 
  ♪ While y'all flodge on the internet ♪     
  ♪ My niggas be into that ♪    
  ♪ See impalas and caddies pulling up whenever I feel a threat ♪   
  ♪ We don't do too much talkin' ♪     
  ♪ Just a lot of gangsta walkin' ♪   
  ♪ Come to my city, play it safe ♪    
  ♪ Or end up leaving in a coffin ♪    
   - DJ NEVA SCARED: What you say? 
 - ♪ It's Murda ♪  
 ♪ M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪   
 ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪   
 ♪ Humpback-humpback-I ♪    
 ♪ Mississippi pride pride ♪    
 ♪ M-I-crooked letter- crooked letter-I ♪    
 ♪ Crooked letter-crooked letter-I ♪    
 ♪ Humpback-humpback-I Mississippi pride pride ♪   
 ♪ It's Murda ♪   
 CLIFFORD: Yeah! Ha ha ha! That's religion! 
  That's what the f*ck I'm talkin' 'bout! 
   DJ NEVA SCARED: Yeah, yeah, yeah! 
   This Chucalissa's new trap prince. 
   
 - LIL' MURDA: It's Murda! 
 - I dare anybody come for his crown,   whoo, y'all better tell y'all great-grandchildren   y'all saw the legend up here first   at The Pynk!  Yo, we bodying the stage all night.  Y'all better stay tuned, 'cause pole assassin Mercedes  coming to the stage in a minute.   Y'all better keep y'all cameras out   because Jordan returns.   ♪ Drop that pussy on that dick I'm tryna see sum ♪   ♪ Make it clap and hit a split, hoe, let me see sum ♪   ♪ Work that nigga if he sweet, I'm tryna see sum ♪   ♪ Twerk that ass to this beat, hoe, let me see sum ♪   ♪ Drop that pussy on that dick ♪   - ♪ I'm tryna see sum ♪ - ♪ Let me see it ♪   ♪ Make it clap and hit a split, hoe ♪  Thanks for the invite.  Missed that last dance the first time.  [CHUCKLES]  I ain't gon' miss it again.  - Shut up. - No, I'm serious.  I done drove all the way down from Memphis to Chucalissa to see the GOAT.  I mean, really and truly dance one last time.   ♪  What? What's wrong?   ♪  I'm just really thinking about how you done come through for me.  It's regulars like you that keep gals like me dancing.  You generous. You care.  You invested in me.  You are worth it.  Am I worth   K?  [LAUGHS]  That's one expensive Mercedes room experience.  Most I ever paid was    .  It ain't for me. It's for my gym.  A couple weeks ago, I lost everything I been working on, but I'm a hustler and grinded hard and got me a re-up, and I'm halfway there.  I just need another investor to help me with   K.  That's all I am to you... walking billfold?  Of course not.  But let's not get it twisted.  This relationship has always been transactional.  Doesn't have to be.  Keep talking.  You willing to give me part ownership of your gym?  [SCOFFS] Hell, naw.  Well, I'ma need something, then, something to make my   K investment worthwhile.  And what does that something look like?  Like we discussed before...  condo on the river, skybox seats to every game, and I will have keys to said condo so I can enjoy my investment.  And how your wife feel about that kind of arrangement?  She already know.   ♪  Come on, Cedes.  Let me take you from the pole to the palace.   ♪ sh1t, but I'ma act up, period ♪   ♪  - Yeah. - My nigga.  Hold up, hold up, shorty.  sh1t, here you go.  You might as well just take all my sh1t. You know what I'm saying?  I'd rather give you this motherfucking Patek, before you steal my breath away again.  [CHUCKLES] So this is the nigga you been yapping about?  Meet Rome Caffey,     head exec over at Blue Guap Empire.  Lil' Murda, will you please sign my titties?  Oh, sh1t.  - Well, God damn. - Here you go, Daddy.  - [LAUGHS] - Right here.  Hey! Uh, heifer, no titties and tequilas, is Uncle Clifford's rule, for the last night, and that includes you, Miss President of the Big Old Titty Committee.  Hmm! Pooch on, now.   Leave the talent be.  ROME: Lil Murda got these pussies dripping.   WODDY: Hey, Rome want to rap with you  for a minute, about some possibilities.  - Key! Hey! - ROME: Hell, yeah, man.  Let's go up to the section so we can connect a little bit.  LIL' MURDA: Oh, that's what I'm talking about. And you buy the bottles.   ROME: Hell, yeah. Come on. Let's get it, shorty.  Lil' Murda, go handle your business.   ROME: Wait, wait. Whoa,  whoa, whoa. Hold up now.  WorldStar already done said that y'all the Fayoncé of the week, right?  sh1t, I mean, if y'all talkin', then we all talkin'.  Let's go kick it in the section.  Bet. [LAUGHS]  Key! Hey!  [MAN CHUCKLES]  Yellah girls know they ain't gotta try too hard.  Ooh! Big L, chile, you done almost missed it, honey.  Them bitches was out there popping and dropping that pussy like they going out of style.  Well, they better, since they pussy gon' be out of business tomorrow.  Nigga, just count.   I've been counting these guns.  Ooh, Lord. [CHUCKLES]  Look what the riffraff done brought-eth to the club-eth.  [CHUCKLES]  [STAMMERS]  What? Niggas just gon' break all the rules tonight, huh?  Like bitches are breaking all the rules, too.  Now, I should stomp a cone in her ass.  What this bitch don't understand about no titties, huh?  Look, you better tell Diamond to go handle that, 'cause she don't want me to.  Diamond,  -  in the Paradise.   DIAMOND: Big L, you gon' have to do it.   I'm trying to lay the law down up in this bitch.   BIG AL: Never mind. I'm on it.   DIAMOND: Copy that.  [SCOFFS]  f*ck it. It's the last night.  [INDISTINCT CHATTER]  Go ahead.  Hey, stay in school while you're at it, mu'fucka.  [CELL PHONE CHIMES]  Ahh.  _     Guess we all breaking Uncle Clifford's rules tonight.  [SKYXXX' "HOTBOY"]   ♪ I walk up in this bitch like a hot boy ♪   ♪   ♪ D-d-damn Nvbeel ♪   ♪ I walk up in this bitch like a hot boy ♪   ♪ Talking hot sh1t with my hot bitch ♪   ♪ In a hot wheel chopper make you hop skip ♪   ♪ I like to pop sh1t ♪   ♪ 'Cause you not sh1t, hey ♪  Lil' boy, how the hell you get up in here?  Yo' man Mane made me a fake ID.  He want me to get it to you. It's about your girl Hailey.  - Who the f*ck is Hailey? - I guess this who.  ♪     Why Mane ain't come bring this his-self?  'Cause Mane ass trifling cousin babysit his ankle bracelet,  and his cousin robbed a Krystal's.   Man, I told him to leave it with me,   but he been locked up at the jailhouse   for the past few days and couldn't link up with you.   Say you'd know what to do.  [DRAMATIC MUSIC]   COACH: 'Cedes, what's up?  Hey, yo, this what's up.  Boy, if you don't get your little mannish tail up outta here...  Hey, don't get mad at me. I'm just the messenger.   COACH: The Pynk run a day care now?  Go on. Sit back down. Let's toast to our agreement.  [SIGHS] From the pole to the palace, huh?  Thass right.  [MUFFLED HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]  Coach, let me think on that, 'cause your charity...  it's feeling a little expensive right about now.  ♪      DJ NEVA SCARED: Pole assassin Mercedes about to make it rain   up in this bitch in a Mississippi minute!   We gon' get that last dance for real this time, niggas!   Ha ha!  Uncle Clifford! Uncle Clifford!  Big L! Big L!  [WHISPERING] Where's Gidget?  Duffy, why the f*ck is you whispering?  'Cause I don't want her to hear me.  Your bitch a mu'f*ckin' werewolf now?  Werewolves can hear good?  Lord, you are truly the pot to Gidget's lid.  - You ready for this sh1t? - Hell, yeah.  [CHUCKLES]  [HIP-HOP MUSIC]  So, Rome, how you and Woddy acquainted?  We ain't really meet under the best of circumstances, you know what I mean?  I met my nigga when I was planning my mama funeral.  F and G Funeral Homes, man.  Y'all made my mama look real good, bruh.  Hey, I do good work for the dead.  [CHUCKLES] He get it popping for the living, too.  Yo' boy Woddy here kicked me your first joint.  When I saw little shorty getting all poetic on the pole to that joint "Fallin'," sh1t, I knew this was a situation I needed to be a part of, you know what I'm saying?  You hear that, Lil' Murda?  My Insta-sippi's put the country boy long bread raised offa cornbread on the map.  Hey!  Just hope you ain't like these other lame-ass niggas out here flexing.  Holding they Drakos all up in they videos and sh1t and don't even know where the trigger at.  Man, you know I keep my fire on me.  Okay, but is you about that life, though?  'Cause I don't need not a na'an-nother faking, floggin'-ass gangster on my roster.   I'm looking for that authenticity.  Authenticity... thass what sell today.  Well, I'm a Hurt Village Hustla for life.  Hell, yeah, you a hustler, all right, 'cause I see you got that green stuck all in between your teeth, and I damn sure ain't talking about spinach.  Looks to me like you've been busting it down for your saucy Versace and all your drip,  and not your music. See,  that's where I come in.   I can connect you with the dopest producers.  - DJ Neva Scared my producer. - Hold up.  You talking about that lil' baby fetus-looking muthafucka dancing around in the DJ booth?  [LAUGHS] Man, if you don't get the f*ck out of here...  Look, let me guess...  y'all niggas put some one-inch eggshells up in this nigga mama bathroom, and you call yourself cutting a track?  Actually, it's his mama basement.  Exactly, my nigga. That's that bullshit.  A production deal means real studios with real producers and a real manager.  - Whoa, whoa, whoa, my nigga... - Woddy my manager.  ROME: Wait. Hold up. Hold, hold, hold.  No disrespect to Woddy, but Woddy can't bust you down with a deal like I can, bruh.   CLIFFORD: Ooh.   Hey.  What y'all ballers doing? What y'all need more of, huh?  I get y'all that house Crown, if y'all want to shut it down up in this VIP booth.  We 'bout that business right now.  ♪     Y'all enjoy y'all night. [CHUCKLES]  Uh, Mississippi, don't stay too long.  One of your regulars is looking for you.  ♪      ROME: God damn.   Folks around this muthafucka don't know if they want to be  a nigga or a bitch, know what I'm saying?  A real nigga like me, I need some clarity.  Yeah. I know that's right.   Yeah, these faggot-ass niggas takin' over, man.   - LIL MURDA: Yeah, man, I know. - ROME: Damn.  Better leave my boss alone.  You might think Uncle Clifford a punk, but that bitch got a tongue like a Drako.  Rat-tat-tat-tat. Yep. That's my  vato.  Ooh, sh1t, let me find out you got bars, too.   You already a Mississippi dime like nobody ain't never seen.   I mean, you pretty, country-si-dity,   - and you got that mouthpiece? - [CHUCKLES]  [SCOFFS] Girl, I'll manage the sh1t out of you and your homeboy, too, if he just let me.  Keep talking.  [HIP-HOP MUSIC]   ♪   ♪ Bitch you gon see, yeah ♪   ♪ See, yeah ♪   ♪ See, yeah, see ♪   ♪ Bitch you gon see, yeah ♪  With all them lessons at the Houston Pole Palace, you should be able to twerk better than that.  [SCOFFS]  Someone's gonna come in here soon.  No, they ain't.  You know, I'm trying not to do what I did to your old boy...  Ade...  you know, the one that, uh, set up your accounts.  What did you do?  Held him off the side of a hotel balcony...  'til all the blood rushed to his head.   Hard way to die, long way to die.   Your boy held up strong, though.  Just before his last breath, he gave up the goods on just one account.   Ah...  Chennai Fabrics.   First transaction...  nine stacks to a telex in Chuca-muthafuckin'-lissa.  I got here.  The sheriff gave me that good old Southern hospitality.  Posted a mug of my pretty little wife.  - I'm not your wife. - You could have been.  You should have been.  The only thing you married to is that f*cking gang of yours.   ♪  Well...  once you become Delta devoted...   ♪  - You're devoted for life. - [SCOFFS]  [KNOCK AT DOOR]  Hey, this room is occupied.   - MERCEDES: Bottle service, sir. - I'll get rid of them.  You stay the f*ck over there.  Shh.  Bottle service, sir.  Oh, I'm, uh... I'm good with just the dance.  For the Paradise Room, bottle service is complimentary, and so is another pair of titties.   ♪  Uh...   MERCEDES: Excuse me.   ♪  [DOOR CREAKS CLOSED]   MERCEDES: Looks like you getting white and brown liquor tonight.  Careful of the mix, though.  - Sometimes... - [CORK POPS]  [CORK CLATTERS]   It can make a nigga sick.   ♪  Cheers.   ♪  [SIGHS]  [SOMBER MUSIC]   ♪  Oh... [MUTTERS TO SELF]   ♪  Okay.   ♪  f*ck. [EXHALES SHAKILY]  [LIQUOR POURING]   ♪   Trifling hos.  Just trifling.  D-I-A-M-O-N-D.  Diamond, don't you make me fire you on the last night.  Didn't Big L tell yo' monkey ass  -  in Paradise?   DIAMOND: Yeah, the mu'fucka said he was gon' do it.   I'm out front doing what...  Well, the nigga ain't do it, so you gon' have to come and do it.  Ain't nobody got time.  Ain't nobody got time.   DIAMOND: All right, all right.  [KNOCK AT DOOR]  Cliff.  You got exactly what you wanted, huh?  I don't even know what to say, man.  Nigga, f*ck you, 'cause you the one who said you ain't want to suck and f*ck in the dark.  I-I don't.  Then what was all of that about just then, huh?  Hmm? What was it all about?  Nigga, I don't f*cking know!  I-I was just- I was just flexin'.  That's all. It's just...  It's habit.  [SCOFFS]  Granmuva Ernestine told me, "Believe what a person show you the first time."     You Lil' Murda now, not LaMarques.  What a privilege it was getting to know him.  What a joy...  'cause LaMarques was ready.  This Lil' Murda character- ...that's the face you showed me first.  Uh-uh. I don't know 'bout him.  - I wanna be ready. I wanna be ready. - [STAMMERS]  Well, you let me know when you are.  'Til then, you know where the door is...  and the window, too.  [BREATHING HEAVILY]  [HIP-HOP MUSIC]   ♪  You on some Cirque Soleil-type sh1t.  You know what I'm saying?  I can get you all types of deals, for real.  sh1t. I can see Nike in your future, boo.  - Nigga, Nike? - Nigga, hell, yeah.   That's what a deal can do.  I can take goddamn Lil' Murda ass and Miss M-I-crooked letter-crooked letter skraight to the top.   DERRICK: Keyshawn...  - Can I speak to you? - In a minute.  See, once you get with me, you ain't gon' have to deal with no worseome-ass customers no more.  I ain't a f*cking customer.  I said I'll be with you in a minute.   - Key... - I said I'll be there in a mu'f*ckin' minute!   ROME: [SCOFFS] God damn.   He acting like he your man and sh1t.  See how folks be, feenin' for them some Miss Mississippi.   ROME: Mm-hmm. We see.  Let me go hit that floor.  Wait. Hold up, hold up, hold up.  Here.  You let me know when you're ready for Blue Guap,  'cause Blue Guap damn sho ready for you.  I mean, do you want Lil' Murda, or do you want her?  'Cause all you seem to be talkin' 'bout is her in connection.  Look here, bwoy.  My nigga, no cap...  I'm just saying your boy, man, that nigga dime a dozen, bruh.  Look, with Pro Tools, even my goddamn grandma can cut a trap album.  But look, that black Barbie sh1t right there...  she the reason that Blue Guap even came down here tonight, not your bwoy.  Look, if you ain't got my bruh best interests at heart, we don't need to rock.  Now, I don't care who you reppin'.  Look, every wave ain't meant to be rode, nigga.  Woddy.  [HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING IN THE DISTANCE]  Woddy?  ♪     What the f*ck was that sh1t about?  Just the guy who said he wants to be Lil' Murda's manager.  Said he could manage me too.  Does he wanna be your manager or your f*ckin' pimp?  ♪     Get your sh1t, and let's get outta here.  Derrick, I-I've got money to make.  If you don't come home right now, you gon' regret it.  ♪     Am I gon' regret comin' home?  ♪     I suggest you do as I say.  Get your sh1t.  By the time I finish taking a piss, you better be outside in the f*ckin' car!  ♪     [SNIFFLES]  ♪     [BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]  Yo, my glass is empty.  [HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING IN THE DISTANCE]  But the bottle's still half full.  ♪     Oops. Now why don't you go so I can enjoy this dance I paid for?  It's been very expensive.  [SCOFFS] Well, I don't see no bank.  There should be so much money throwed up in here that the floor should be green, not purple.  Uh, she been dancing a little stiff.  So why don't you, uh...  why don't you leave us alone so we can sort this out?  [DRAMATIC MUSIC]   ♪  If Hailey want me to leave, I'll leave.   ♪  But if she don't...  Then...  Mercedes, you should go.  Yeah, Mercedes.  You should go.   ♪  Fine.  Should I bring you back the same thing, or should I bring you back something harder?  Surprise me.  Get the f*ck back!  You want to see how the DDs deal with the accomplices of bitches who steal from a lieutenant?  Where the money at, Hailey?  - He ain't gon' do nothing! - Bitch, where the money at?   Hmm?  Don't tell him sh1t!  I'ma ask you one more time.  Where the money at?  [SQUEALS]   Bitch, where the money at?   ♪  Stop! [SOBBING]  It's here.  Oh, but I thought it was in the bank.  The club is my bank. I've been storing it here.  - Here? - Just let her go.  I'll go get it.  Girl, I'll go get it.  No, I'll go get it, and then we're done.  Enough people have died over this money, but tonight...  I'll give it all back, and we're done.   We're through.  Go get it, then. You got five minutes, or I'ma drown everybody in this club in this bitch's blood.   Then my Delta Devoted niggas...  they gon' come burn this m*therf*cker up.  Don't think for a second I ain't got nobody out there watching you, waiting for you.  [WHIMPERING]  So you best come back.   Five mu'f*ckin' minutes.  [BREATHING HEAVILY]  [WHIMPERING] You f*cking hurtin' me!   DJ NEVA SCARED: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!   Y'all muthafuckas better get y'all money out,   because it's the last time we gonna see Mercedes!  [HIP-HOP MUSIC]   ♪  [WHIMPERING]   ♪   MONTAVIUS: Think she coming back for you?   MERCEDES: She gon' come back.  She ain't come back for me.   That night I confronted her, she shot me.   Left me to die on my own kitchen floor.  You musta deserved it.  Bitch, get the f*ck over there.  She stole my money. 
 
   MERCEDES: She got the money. I seent it.   MONTAVIUS: We'll see, but the Hailey Colton I know...  she a cold, cold bitch.  [DRAMATIC MUSIC]  Brought her and her kid into my house.   I raised that baby like it was my own.   She ran out on me... a thief in the night.  Don't hate her for loving her child more than you.  Good mothers are built that way.  [HAILEY WHIMPERING]  Easy bitch to love.  Easier bitch to hate...  [WHIMPERING]   ♪   But you probably already know that.   ♪  You don't want the money, do you?  [HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]  [CROWD CHEERING]   DJ NEVA SCARED: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!   Welcome back to the stage for the last song of the night,   hitting you with that new-new, Lil' Murda!   LIL' MURDA: ♪ Why da f*ck you hatin', pussy bitch ♪   ♪ It ain't no stoppin' me, don't think this sh1t ♪   ♪ Here sweet while you sitting, plottin' ♪   ♪ On robbin' me, just know ♪   ♪ I keep that fire on me ♪   ♪ f*ck what ya thought ♪   ♪ Watch my niggas put in work ♪   ♪ And have the city screamin' Murda ♪   CLIFFORD: Big L, where you at?  In the office.  No, you ain't in no office, 'cause I'm in the office.   BIG AL: I mean office adjacent.  Oh, nigga!   ♪ Yeah, and if I f*ck your girl, she ain't never comin' back ♪  [DOOR CLOSES]  ♪     - Yo, Derrick. - [DOOR CLOSES]  Why you was just yoking up Keyshawn like that just then?  Diamond, that ain't none of your business.  Putting your paws on these girls is my business.  Look, Diamond, you don't wanna rumble with me.  You're the one that don't want no smoke.  Smoke.  I don't know why Keyshawn deal with these gutter niggers.  Hmm.   LIL' MURDA: ♪ Why da f*ck you hatin', pussy bitch ♪   ♪ It ain't no stoppin' me, don't think this sh1t ♪   ♪ Here sweet while you sitting, plottin' ♪   ♪ On robbin' me, just know ♪   ♪ I keep that fire on me ♪  What this muthafucka...   ♪ And have the city screamin' Murda ♪  Oh, hell, no.  Diamond. Diamond.   ♪  Diamond. Code red in Paradise.  Your five minutes is up, Mercedes.  - [DOOR OPENS] - Please! Ple...  Here's all your money, all    K.  Get the f*ck over there.   ♪  - How I know it's all there? - It's all there.   ♪  You didn't even ask about Autumn... how she's doing.  I'm sure her mother taking care of her all right.  Autumn's dead, Montavious.   She died that night...  drowned in the flood while I was trying to run away from you.   ♪  - [INDISTINCT SHOUTING] - Get the f*ck out! Gun! Gun!   ♪  Serves you right for trying to finesse me.  f*cking bitch.  - [GUNSHOTS] - What the f*ck was that?  [PEOPLE SCREAMING]  DJ NEVA SCARED: Oh, sh1t! Everybody out!  MAN: Oh, hell, no!  [SCREAMING CONTINUES]  - What the hell? - f*ck.  Diamond and Derrick scrappin' on the floor!  - No, no, no, no! - Keyshawn!  Aah!  Help!  Where the f*ck you think you going? Bring your ass here.  Stop! Aah! Get the f*ck off her!  - Get the f*ck of me! - No!  Let her go!  Easy, easy, easy. Easy, easy.  - Aah! - [MERCEDES SCREAMS]  Derrick, stop!   Stop!   No!   Derrick!  Okay.   KEYSHAWN: Stop!   Stop!  [BLOW LANDS]  Get off him!  Diamond... please.  [CRYING SOFTLY]  Please.  I said get off him now.  [SOMBER MUSIC]   ♪  [CRIES, SNIFFLES]   ♪  [GUNSHOT IN THE DISTANCE]   ♪  f*ck you, muthafucka!  - HAILEY: No. - Come here!  [PEOPLE SCREAMING]   MONTAVIUS: Get off me!  [SCREAMING CONTINUES]  [GUNSHOTS]   ♪  [WOMAN WHIMPERS]   ♪   WOMAN ON RADIO: Today The Pynk is slated for auction,   but last night tragedy struck   when a shootout left over    people injured   at the infamous strip club   on a night management aptly called Murda night.  - [CRYING] - WOMAN: Mayor Ruffin had this to say.   MAYOR RUFFIN: This shootout proves   this strip club is a community blight,   but as your new mayor,   I will keep my promise to make Chucalissa safe again.   WOMAN: Redevelopment plans include a casino adjacent   to the new Tydell Ruffin Riverside Park.   However, the new plan has been met with derision   by some community members.  Yeah. Me, mu'fucka!  Granmuva, I don't know why you over here     listening to this sh1t, hmm?  [MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON RADIO]  Here.  [CRYING]  I got it. [CRYING]  All right, let's go to this funeral.  What-wha... Hold on. W-where you think you going?  Hey, wait, wait. Hold on. Hold on.  Hold on. Hey, hey, hey, hey.  Uh-uh.  As many times as I done drove down to that courthouse, I know where the f*ck I'm going!   [WENDY RENE'S "AFTER LAUGHTER"]  Please, the keys.   - ♪ After ♪ - ♪ After ♪  Acting up.   - ♪ Comes tears ♪ - ♪ There will be tears ♪   ♪   - ♪ Ooh ♪ - ♪ When you're in love ♪   ♪ You're happy ♪  They say God's a god of second chances.  Third, fourth, and fifth ones, too.   ♪  But you go talk to your God on this one.  Remember...  I'm dead to you.   ♪   Ma?  Mama? [STAMMERS]   ♪  [CRYING] Mama!  Wait a minute. Mama! Ma!  [SOBBING]  Mom! [SOBBING]   ♪ Don't try to hold it in ♪  Ma! Please!  Ma!  Your husband's been here so long, I bet he was able to get through that Bible that's on the nightstand.  Come back and see us, now.   ♪  Sure you wanna go to this auction with me?  I could drop you off at the Iron Museum.  Babe, I finally get a chance     to see what you've been working on all these months.  I'm good, as long as we catch that flight to Hotlanta by  :  .  - [CHUCKLES] - Okay?  [CHUCKLES]   ♪ Oh, oh ♪   ♪ I'll try hide ♪   ♪ Hide my sorrow ♪   ♪ I wonder can I hold them ♪   ♪ Till tomorrow ♪   ♪   - ♪ After laughter ♪ - ♪ After your laughter ♪   - ♪ Comes tears ♪ - ♪ Oh, oh ♪   ♪ Oh ♪   - ♪ After laughter ♪ - ♪ After your laughter ♪  Ernestine...  my condolences for your loss.  Tydell? f*ck you.  WOMAN: Ooh!  I'm sorry it had to come to this, Clifford, but maybe you can come and run a buffet table at the casino.  [CLICKS TONGUE]  Let's just hope that you can run it better than this club of yourn.  Boy, bye.   MAN: Ladies and gentlemen,   if you could take your seats, please,   the auction is about to reconvene.   Lot number    , The Pynk, is up next.   Now, this six-acre waterfront property lot is currently in foreclosure.   We will now start the bidding for lot    .   Starting bid...   Andre, the man ain't even said the price yet.   Starting bidding at $  ,   . Right here, at   .   I'm looking at   . for lot    . here. .   - There's nobody bidding. - [CHUCKLES]   I got a cap at    K.   Promised Land Equities don't gotta know.   Lady in white motion for   .     . Bidder, bidder, looking at   .      bidder, bidder. Do I hear   ?   Bidder, bidder, looking at   . Do I hear   ?   Bidder, bidder, I've got    here.   Looking at   .   .    here.   Do I hear   ? Bidder, looking at   .   Oh, sh1t.   Ain't that 'bout a light-skind-ed bitch?   Looks like you got some competition.   Godson, I know you not gon' let her beat you.   - Come on. - MAN: Do I hear   ? 	 to the gentleman right here. Thank you very much. 	 K.   MAN: Doubled to the lady in white, at $   ,   .   Looking at    . Bidder, bidder, do I hear    ?   I've got     right here. 	  is going once.  is going twice.   -    ,   . - ERNESTINE: Ooh, Lord.   That's more than my coochie's worth.   - [LAUGHTER] - MAN: $   ,   .   Get Bill on the phone.   That bitch better be back from Bora Bora.   MAN: I've got $   ,    here.   Bidder, bidder, looking at    .   Bidder, bidder, I have    . I got $   ,   .   - What the hell? - What is you doing, Andre?   Baby.   - MAN:    . Do I have    ? -     thousand.   MAN: $   ,    to the man in red.   God-daddy, I need approval.   I don't have permission to bid above    K.   Well, get permission, nigga!   BILL: Do I have    ? Bidder, bidder, looking at    .   I've got    . Going once.       going twice.   -    ,   . - ERNESTINE: Oh, my Lord.   MAN: $   ,   . Do I hear    ? .   Bidder, bidder, looking at    . I've got $   ,    here.   God damn it, boy, bid.   Sir, I've got     in the back.  right here, sir.   - f*ck. - Do I hear    ? I've got    .   Going once.   - BILL ON PHONE: Hello? Hello?  - Nigga.   MAN: I've got     going twice.   BILL ON PHONE: Hello, Andre.   - MAN: Sold for $   ,   ... - [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]   to the lady in white for Bluff City Carpeting.   MAYOR RUFFIN: Hold up. Hold up.   Now, the rules of the auctions are very clear.   You must have the funds on hand in order to purchase.   So, unless you've got 	 -mutha-hundred-fuckin' thousand dollars...   - WOMAN: What? - MAYOR RUFFIN: [COUGHS]   The Promised Land can spend millions on a f*cking parking lot in the name of the Kyles, but you ain't got mu'f*ckin' permission to spend more than a quarter mil to buy The Pynk?   Now, you tell me, what kind of sense does that make?   Now, I don't make the rules, God-daddy.   What they negotiate in private is their business.   But Promised Land can't show how deep they pockets go at a public auction.   They gotta abide by the cap.   [LAUGHING] No cap.   I'ma put a cap in your monkey ass.   Okay, God-daddy, calm down.   [CELL PHONE RINGING]   Andre, your phone. Your phone.   VALERIE: So is this bitch, like, our boss now?   - Hey, Bill. - BILL: Yes, Andre.   Hello? Hello?   Hello, Andre? Andre, you listening to me?   Uh, yeah, yeah, I'm here.   - BILL: This blows up the whole f*ckin' deal. - I know that.   - BILL: And you know what this means. - I know. I know. I know.   Extra-Extra. Can you, Granmuva?   - Come on, Grandma, I got you. - There you go.   ERNESTINE: Ooh, child, can you believe that that sh1t happened?   Blessed be.   Look who done come back wearing sunglasses and all white after Labor Day.   [SCOFFS] You steady stay breaking all the rules.   You know that's bad luck.   Well...   you make your own luck, partner.   [HIP-HOP MUSIC]   ♪   ERNESTINE: This is that Ernestine special.   I remember when Isaac Hayes drank this joker, right before he went out onstage.   [LAUGHS]   He was rolling around out there naked.   Got a splinter in his ding-a-ling.   [LAUGHS] That's why he started wearing fur.   [LAUGHING]   Oh, I don't drink.   Well, what kind of hoe is you?   CLIFFORD: Ooh, Granmuva.   I'm sorry. I forgot my home training.   [SIGHS]   Ho, what's your name?   Hailey.   I was close.   Hmm. [CHUCKLES]   Hey, Granmuva Ernestine, you watch that glass now.   Oh, nigga, I see this sh1t.   [CHUCKLES]   CLIFFORD: Here. Uh-huh.   Ooh, child, this place look like the Devil's asshole  been turned upside down, inside out.   - Whew. - [SIGHS]   Well, Hailey, now you know what girls at The Pynk do      in the Paradise Room.   Well, I been here more than a Mississippi minute.   About time I learned.   Why'd you do it?   Why'd you come back and save The Pynk?   Way I figured...   I owed you.   Now...   you owe me.   [DOOR OPENS, CREAKS]   [DOOR CLOSES, FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]   CLIFFORD: Mercedes, girl...   you ain't never gon' get to do your last dance, is you?   [ERNESTINE LAUGHING]   Hmm.   - Last night... - ERNESTINE: Was last night.   But tomorrow is here, baby.   Tomorrow is today.   [CHUCKLES]   [SNIFFLES]   Is it took care of?   It's took care of.   HAILEY: Good...   [HIP-HOP MUSIC]   'Cause it's opening time, at The Pynk.   ♪   LIL MURDER: ♪ Why da f*ck you hatin' pussy bitch ♪   ♪ It ain't no stoppin' me, don't think this sh1t ♪   ♪ Here sweet while you sitting ♪   ♪ Plottin' on robbin' me ♪   ♪ Just know I keep that fire on me ♪   ♪ f*ck what ya thought ♪   ♪ Watch my niggas put in work ♪   ♪ And have da city screamin' Murda ♪   ♪ Why da f*ck you hatin' pussy bitch ♪   ♪ It ain't no stoppin' me, don't think this sh1t ♪   ♪ Here sweet while you sitting Plottin' on robbin' me ♪   ♪ Just know I keep that fire on me ♪   ♪ f*ck what ya thought ♪   ♪ Watch my niggas put in work ♪   ♪ And have da city screamin' Murda ♪   ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 