Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - The Pilot - Sons of Anarchy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - The Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=28&t=7237 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/05/08 03:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - The Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 A warehouse of weapons of Sons 
 Un Mayans : They sell birdseed, ése 
 Un autre Mayans : Are you kidding me, man? 
 Marcus : In the back. White boy was right. M4s. Niners had a special order. Full auto, laser scopes. 
 Un Mayans : Niggers still couldn't hit sh1t. 
 Marcus : Load the M4s and the Glocks in the truck, huh? 
 Un Mayans : Here 
 Un autre Mayans : What about the other guns and sh1t? 
 Marcus : Torch it 
 In the shop 
 Jax : Hey, Louise 
 Louise : You know, you can buy these by the case. Be a lot cheaper 
 Jax : No, a box at a time keeps me humble. Get a pack of smokes too, darling 
 Louise : It was my favorite. What the hell is that? 
 Jax : Oh, sh1t! 
 A warehouse of weapons 
 Clay : What the hell happened? 
 Vic : Propane thanks caught fire. Ammo was in there. The place just blew. 
 Clay : sh1t 
 Vic : Yeah. The fire dick says it was arson. Saw a lot of boot prints 
 Clay : Cowboy boots? 
 Vic : Yeah, Ithink so 
 Tig : Shit-eating Mayans, man 
 Jax : Where the hell was Rodrigo? 
 Vic : No sign of your watchman 
 Clay : What's the exposure? 
 Vic : Officially? Me and the fire department. The fire captain can be convinced to rethink his report 
 Jax : Unofficially? 
 Vic : Unofficially, this blast was seen in two counties. This location is dead 
 Clay : Jesus Christ. The M4s? 
 Vic: Gone. As are most of the Glocks 
 Jax : Get the firemen on board. Don't want this sh1t hitting ATF's radar. Let's get out of here 
 Vic : No, you gotta see something else 
 Clay : Do we really? Goddamn. Fried and refried 
 Tig : They're illegals. Part of our assembly crew 
 Vic : We found them before the F.D. went through 
 Clay : Ah, after the smoke clears, get rid of the bodies 
 Vic : What am I supposed to tell our boys up in Oaktown? I'm supposed to deliver five cases to Laroy before tomorrow morning 
 Clay : Call the gangster hotline, set a meeting 
 Jax : All right, here 
 Clay : Two in the back of the head. Quick and painless 
 Jax : It ain't easy being king 
 Clay : Yeah, you remember that 
 The garage Teller Morrow 
 Jax : Some days, you're the Beemer. Some days, you're the goddamn deer 
 Chibs : Some yuppie creamed her up at the streams 
 Jax : He run into it or hit a tree while it was giving him head? 
 Prospect : How the hell you want me to get it out of there? Come on. Jesus, man. 
 Jax : Just pretend it's carve-your-own-steak night at Sizzler 
 Prospect : I don't eat meat, man. 
 Jax : Figure it out, grunt 
 Chibs : What the hell happened? 
 Jax : Mayans torched the warehouse. Stole the Niners' M4s 
 Chibs : Holy sh1t 
 Jax : Clay's gone to sit down with Laroy. Try and buy us some time 
 Chibs : Niners already paid for that hardware 
 Jax : That's the tricky part 
 Cell phone ringing 
 Jax : Hey, Ma. 
 Gemma : Did you go to storage? 
 Jax : Not yet 
 Gemma : I hope there's something you can use. Haven't looked through that baby stuff in years 
 Jax : I'm sure anything will help 
 Gemma : Still coming to dinner tomorrow night? I'm picking up steaks from German 
 Jax : Oh, you know it 
 Gemma : You should bring Chibs and that new kid 
 Jax : New kid doesn't eat meat 
 Gemma : Don't patch him in. Can't trust anyone who doesn't eat meat. 
 Jax : Hay, you heard from my crazy ex-wife at all? Never answers her goddamn phone 
 Gemma : That's because she knows it's you 
 Jax : She's supposed to be sending me the doctor bills. Haven't seen one in weeks 
 Gemma : I'll go by on my way home. I'll check in on her 
 Jax : Thanks... Grandma! 
 Gemma : Asshole! 
 In the park 
 Laroy : Long ride from Charming to Oakland.How come Easy Rider meeting me face-to-face? 
 Clay : Assembly warehouse burned down. All the guns, including your M4s, blown to sh1t 
 Laroy : There's zero balance due on that hardware 
 Clay : The shipment is gonna be a little late 
 Laroy : That can't happen. Got a shipment of my own coming in. Very important cargo 
 Clay : I've been doing business with the One-Niners for a long time. I always respected our arrangement. I never sold gun one to the Mexicans. Now I need for you to show me a little respect... and give me a few more days for delivery 
 Laroy : Don't give a sh1t about history or respect. This is about business, old man. 
 Clay : And I'm telling you, brother... giving me some more time, really smart business 
 Laroy : You got till Sunday. I don't get those M4s by then... there's gonna be some new black faces cruising the streets of Charming. And a burned-down warehouse is gonna be the least of your problems 
 In the garage 
 Jax read : The life and death os Sam Crow. How the Sons of Anarchy lost their way. By John Thomas Teller. For my sons : Thomas, who's already at peace, and Jackson... may he never know this life of chaos. 
 In the club 
 Prospect : Just put it over there 
 Bobby : Half-Sack. Piney clogged the toilet again 
 Prospect : Jesus Christ, that guy sh1ts more than a grizzly, man. It ain't human. Hey, hey, just put it right here, under the... 
 Long John : Where did you get that name. Half-Sack 
 Prospect : Oh, man, I, uh, gotmy left nut blown off by an APer frag in Iraq. Look at that guy 
 Clay : Jesus Christ. Put that deformed nut bag away, will you? 
 Prospect : Sorry Clay, I... 
 Tig : Disappear, go on 
 Clay : Find Jax 
 Chibs : Jax ! Hey, Jax, we're at the table 
 Jax : Okay 
 At home Jax 
 Gemma : Wendy! Stupid Junkie bitch! 
 Sons are meeting around the table 
 Clay : We got one more day out of Laroy. That's it. Niners are expecting a huge heroin shipment. Carbines are for protection. 
 Bobby : What happens if those Mayans crash that dope party with Laroy's M4s? 
 Jax : We lose all the Niner business, buy ourselves a huge black... 
 Clay : That ain't gonna happen. These Mexi assholes come into our territory? They steal from us? They sh1t on our livelihood? And I don't care who we gotta grease or kill. I want those goddamn guns back. 
 Jax : All right, me and Chibs will pull together our current intel on the Mayans. Juice, start hacking into crime databases. Get addresses on any Mayans in the system. 
 Clay : Find those guns, Bobby. I wanna Fat Man and Little Boy every inch of that goddamn place. 
 Jax : Bobby's got Tahoe this weekend 
 Bobby : I'm canceling that sh1t 
 Jax : No, man 
 Bobby : I should be able to decide 
 Clay : You got two ex-wives who already spent the goddamn casino checks. Last thing we need is Pls and lawyers camping out out front 
 Bobby : Who's gonna handle the pyro I'm not there? 
 Tig : Nobody blows up sh1t better than Opie 
 Jax : Opie's leaning right these days 
 Clay : Opie's gonna lean any way we need him to. You get him on board 
 Bobby : So you're sure you're okay with me stepping away from this? 
 Clay : Yeah, yeah, take the Prospect with you 
 Bobby : Yeah, I'll get him half-laid 
 Clay : What is that smell? 
 Bobby : Yo 
 Clay : Oh, sh1t 
 Gemma arrives at the garage Teller 
 Gemma : I tried calling you 
 Jax : What is it? 
 At the hospital Saint Thomas 
 Gemma : I found these matches next to a bunch of her empty thumb bags. Hairy Dog 
 Clay : sh1t. It's gotta be the Nords dealing out of the Dog again 
 Bobby : Darby got out of Chino two weeks ago 
 Clay : Yeah, well, call that Nazi prick. Set a meeting 
 Jax : What the hell happened? 
 Tara : When waas the last time you saw her? 
 Jax : Couple of weeks 
 Tara : Her hands and feet were full of tracks. Toxicology reports aren't back yet, but it's most likely crank. 
 Jax : The baby? 
 Tara : We had to do an emergency C-section. He's 10 weeks premature 
 Jax : Holy sh1t 
 Tara : Come on, let's sit down and I'll walk you through it 
 Jax : Just tell me 
 Tara : He's got a congenital heart defect and gastroschisis, a tear in his abdomen. The gastro and the early birth are from the drugs. But the CHD is probably... 
 Gemma : The family flaw 
 Tara : Yes, it's genetic. Either one would be serious, but not life-threatening. However, the two of them together... Dr Namid gives him a 20 percent chance, and I'm afraid that's being optimistic. 
 Jax : She never wanted to talk to me. I didn't know 
 Tara : Her OB said she missed her last three appointments. No one knew. Dr Namid wants to fix his belly first. Then if he stabilizes, he'll go in and try to repair the heart. I'm sorry, Jax. I can take you to see him now. 
 Jax : Tara! You don't have to do this. I'm sure you got other patients 
 Tara : I asked Dr Namid if I could assist. I wanna help your son 
 Jax : His name's Abel 
 Tara : That's a good name. Jax! 
 Gemma : Jackson! 
 Jax : Go with Tara. I got something to do 
 Clay : Watch his back 
 In a bar 
 Jax : Sell crank to my pregnant ex-wife? 
 Bobby : Easy, boys 
 Chibs : Whoa, whoa, whoa. I think you made your point 
 Jax : Stupid peckerwood shithead 
 Bobby : Enjoy your lunch. Shish keballs are on me. 
 Bobby : You're Okay ? 
 Jax : Yeah, I'm gonna go find Opie 
 Bobby : All right 
 On the workplace of Opie 
 Opie : So everybody's saying it was a gun factory that blew up out by the streams 
 Jax : Mayans hit us. Stole our M4s. We need you 
 Opie : For what? 
 Jax : Bobby's got a gig this weekend 
 Opie : No way man 
 Jax : Gotta get in and out fast. You're the only guy who can pull it off 
 Opie : You think I wanna be here chipping wood for sh1t pay? I made a promise to Donna. I'm earning straight 
 Jax : Come on, Opie. Weall earn straight. I spend 40 hours a week with a goddamn power tool in my hand 
 Opie : When you're on Clay's payroll, everything in your hand is a power tool. 
 Jax : You saying no to the club? 
 Opie : Everything turned to sh1t since I got out. I'm in debt up to my eyeballs. My kids hardly know me. I even mention Samcro to Donna, she's gonna bust out crying. 
 Jax : Look, man, if you need money... 
 Opie : I don't wanna borrow. I wanna earn 
 Jax : Family's just gotta adjust to you being around again. Kids have gotta get used to how ugly their dad is. Donna knows what the life is. 
 Opie : You leave a woman alone for five years, two kids... the only thing that she knows is that she doesn't want it to happen again 
 Boss Opie : Break's over. Let's go 
 Opie : Let me know when you need me 
 Sons are meeting around the table 
 Clay : What's the, uh, Nords' roster looking like these days? 
 Bobby : Fifteen, 16 guys. A few new kids breaking in. Same extreme hate sh1t 
 Juice : Still got meth labs outside of Lodi. Selling mostly to truckers, some of the Mexi gangs 
 Jax : You think they're stepping up? 
 Clay : Hmm. Only two things feel good in the joint: Jerking off and thinking about the sh1t you're gonna do when you get out. Darby's been in there for three years. I just wanna make sure all his big-shot dreams ended up in his cum rag... and not on his to-do list. How's his guy doing? 
 Juice : Fractures cheek, broken nose, left nut swinging solo. 
 Chibs : Yes, it was beatiful. That's my boy, ha, ha 
 Jax : Yeah, he's lucky to be breathing 
 Clay : So, uh, any luck up north? 
 Happy : Tacoma can help with the Glocks, but there's no M4s anywhere. Washington State, Oregon, Nevada, nobody's got stock, man 
 Jax : We'll have all the Mayan intel by the morning. We'll get our guns back 
 Clay : Oh, yeah, we will. Treasury? 
 Bobby : All the bills are paid. Bar is stocked. Uh, run fund is covered for the next two months. Tig's the only man who owes me dues 
 Tig : I'm a little short. Catch you next week 
 Happy : Guess those little Thai boys are getting expensive, huh? 
 Tig : Ha-ha-ha. Yeah, they are. How about I slit your eyes and have you suck my dick? 
 Clay : All right, all right. Anything else? 
 Piney : Yeah, I, uh, just wanna say to Jackson on a club level...the Sons of Anarchy, the Redwood Original, is here for you. Your father would be proud of the man you've become, you know. Every time I see you sitting at this table, well, I do a double take at you. 
 Opie : It's probably just the weed, Pop 
 Piney : Probably. I mean, he's... Anyway, whatever you need, son, it's yours. 
 Jax : Thank you, Piney. Thanks boys 
 Clay : Meeting closed 
 Always at the club 
 Prospect : Here you go, Clay 
 Clay : Thanks, kid 
 Prospect : Bobby? 
 Bobby : Yeah 
 Clay : What the hell is that smell? 
 Bobby : I don't know. God if I know. I smell it too 
 Clay : It's that box 
 Bobby : What is it? 
 Clay : I don't know 
 Bobby : Oh, damn. 
 Prospect : Hey that's mine 
 Bobby : Are you out of your goddamn mind? 
 Prospect : No I just... You know, I throught it was like a surprise. We could mount it in the club. You know, like on the wall 
 Jax : It's gotta be stuffed and treated, you idiot 
 Prospect : Yeah, I know, I just... Stuffed with what? 
 It's party at the Sons, Tig and Happy make a boxing match 
 Clay : Get up! 
 Bobby : Did, uh, Rosen track down any real estate for the rebuild? 
 Clay : Ten acres for sale up North 84. You know, a stretch of industry, paint factories, container yards. Kick his ass! 
 Piney : Trucking in supplies will look like regular business 
 Jax : What'd happen if we didn't rebuild? 
 Clay : What do you mean? 
 Jax : Take the land profit, put it in something else. Hey, I'm just thinking about what's best long-term. We got heat with the Mayans, ATF crawling up our ass. Might be time to look at other ways to earn 
 Clay : Well, there's a lot of sh1t upin the air right now. Well figure out what the next move is. Bobby break that sh1t up 
 Bobby : All right, all right, all right. No, no, no. Hey, step down. Step down. Hug it up. Yeah 
 Clay : You dooing okay? 
 Jax : Yeah 
 Clay : Your mom says you haven't been back to the hospital 
 Jax : Come on, man, don't push me out of this. 
 Clay : I know you're all spun out over Wendy and the kid. Understandable. It's awful sh1t. But your father and I, we worked hard to create this business. We served time. We lost brothers. We spilled a lot of blood. And you're gonna need this now more than ever. A sick kid, it's an expensive burden. You wanna do the right thing by your family... don't you? 
 Jax : Yeah, of course 
 Clay : Well, then go see your son 
 Jax : All right 
 Jax hand see Wendy at the hospital 
 Wendy : I didn't think you'd wanna see me. Everyone hates me. I'm sorry Jax. I'm so sorry. Please don't hate me 
 Jax : You need to get help, Wendy 
 Wendy : I know, I know. I will, I promise. This time, I promise. The doctor said Abel's getting stronger. He said maybe they would fix his belly. Maybe tomorrow morning 
 Jax : They'll do everything they can 
 Wendy : My lawyer said they might file criminal charges. Fetal abuse. I got stuff back at the house in the stash drawer 
 Jax : Jesus Christ 
 Wendy : Just if they find that sh1t, they're gonna put me away. You own the house, Jax. I'd hate to see this blow back on you 
 Jax : Yeah of course 
 Wendy : Jax, wait. Please, please, Jax 
 Jax comes home 
 Jax : It's almost midnight 
 Gemma : This place is a goddamn pigsty 
 Jax : Cleaning was never her strong suit 
 Gemma : What are you doing here? 
 Jax : It's my house 
 Gemma : You know what I mean. I don't want you to see it this way 
 Jax : Mom, you don't have to do this. 
 Gemma : Look, I just wanna get it livable. Buy you some decent carpet. Cigarette burns everywhere 
 Jax : Mom! 
 Gemma : Get you out of that dorm room, back home with your son 
 Jax : Mom, for chrissakes, stop cleaning. He's not gonna make it 
 Gemma : What are you talking about? What happened? 
 Jax : He was born with half a stomach and a hole in his heart. He's gonna die 
 Gemma : Do you say that. You are the only one this boy's got. You don't believe he's gonna live, you might as well go and kill him yourself. I'm sorry. You gotta go see him, Jax 
 Jax : I can't 
 Gemma : Why? Because he'll break your heart? It's called being a father 
 Jax : For how long? A day? A week? 
 Gemma : You know, you were born with that same heart defect... your little brother had. You seem pretty sturdy to me. I came through hell. Landed on my feet. Your father was hit by a goddamn semi, dragged 178 yards...and that b*st*rd lived for two more days. Tellers do not die easy 
 Jax : No, we just die bloody 
 Gemma : That's the Irish in us 
 Jax : When you and dad hooked up, he ever talk to you about his vision? About what he wanted from the club? 
 Gemma : His vision was... you know, what it is. A brotherhood. Family 
 Jax : And running guns? He want that? 
 Gemma : He never talked about that. Why? 
 Jax : I found a box of his old sh1t in the storage unit. There's, like, pictures and journals and... Things I never knew about him 
 Gemma : What kind of things? 
 Jax : It seemed like his original idea for the MC was something simpler. You know, social rebellion. He called it a Harley commune. It wasn't outlaw. It was real hippie sh1t. 
 Gemma : We had a lot of bright ideas back then. We were kids. Your father became a man. Man take care of business 
 Jax : Yeah, we do. You should get home, Mom. Finish cleaning tomorrow. I'll lock up. 
 Gemma : Ok, darling 
 Jax : Good night, mom 
 Gemma : Good night, baby 
 In the board of Gemma and Clay 
 Gemma : How are the hands, baby? 
 Clay : Ah. Just the damp. Where have you been? 
 Gemma : Cleaning up at Jax's 
 Clay : Of course you were. All this stuff with Abel is pushing some old buttons, huh? 
 Gemma : It's not my buttons I'm worried about. Jax is going through some sh1t 
 Clay : Yeah,I know 
 Gemma : Not just with the kid 
 Clay : What do you mean? 
 Gemma : He found a box of John's stuff in storage. He was aking me about his original vision for the club. Did he wanna get into running guns? 
 Clay : Tonight he said that maybe we shouldn't rebuild the factory 
 Gemma : sh1t, He's getting chewed up by that guilt. Remorse is a dangerous thing. Look what Tommy's death did to John. It changed him. Made him soft. You've gotta nail Jax down. You have to nail him down hard, Clay. Whatever it takes. I don't want the ghost of John poisoning him... ruining everything we've built 
 Clay : Nothing is gonna get ruined, okay? Just don't throw your panic into high gear. 
 Gemma : They respect him. Jax is strong. And when you step down as presi... 
 Clay : Hey, hey, I'm not going anywhere 
 Gemma : I know baby. I know. It's just, when you can't ride anymore... they'll vote my son in as president. I just wanna make sure he's following in the right father's footsteps. Okay? 
 
 
 
 In a cafe, the Sons have an appointment with Darby 
 Clay : A little get-well present for your guy, Darby 
 Darby : That's some serious iron. Izzy'll like that, thank you 
 Jax : Figurent it would give him something that had some balls 
 Clay : I know what it's like running a crew. Sometimes your guys do sh1t... without thinking things through 
 Darby : My guys are thinking just fine 
 Jax: They thinking fine when they sell crank to my pregnant ex? 
 Darby : That was unfortunate. How's your little family doing, anyway? 
 Clay : All right, all right, Everybody contain your sh1t. 
 Un Nords : Get off me 
 Clay : You done? 
 Jax : Yeah 
 Clay : Sorry folks. Go back to your corndogs. Won't happen again 
 Darby : I made sure the brotherhood had Opie's back every minute that he was in Chino 
 Clay : Oh, I know how it works inside, Darby. Question is, do you remember how it works outside? 
 Un Nords : A lot changes in three years 
 Clay : And a lot stays the same. Nothing happens in Charming we don't control or get a piece of. 
 Bobby : If we wanted a meth trade, we'd have one 
 Jax : We don't 
 Clay : You know the drill. I mean, you can cook all the crank you want along the border. But you do not deal in Charming. 
 Darby : We ain't the only cook shop in town. Devil wants in, he'll get in. 
 Clay : Well, then you got your work cut out for you. Because the next time the devil crosses the border... I'm coming after you. And next time, I'm not gonna use a 357... as a get-well present 
 Darby : There's no need to be making threats. Me and my boys have always managed to make things work with Samcro. 
 Clay : Good 
 Jax : Milk and Cookies are on us 
 The hospital St Thomas 
 Tara : Abel's stomach surgery went well, but it's putting a strain on his system. Dr Namid doesn't wanna wait. We should do the heart surgery now 
 Luanne : That's good, right? That they're not waiting? 
 Tara : It's the best choice, yes 
 Gemma : Thanks 
 Tara : Can we talk? 
 Gemma : What is it? 
 Tara : Wendy's in really bad shape. She's still detoxing. Can't stop crying 
 Gemma : And? 
 Tara : I was hoping mayde you could talk to her. Just let her know she's not all alone 
 Gemma : Trust me. Nothing I'm gonna say to that crank whore is gonna make her feel loved 
 Tara : I forgot just how forthright you can be 
 Gemma : You forgot a lot of thinks, sweetheart 
 Tara : If you have a problem with me assisting on Abel's case, just say so. 
 Gemma : You a good doctor? 
 Tara : Yes 
 Gemma : Then I don't have a problem 
 Tara : Good. Look, people change. I'm not the same girl Iwas 10 years ago 
 Gemma : I am. Guess there's some things you can't change 
 Tara : I leave it there so I remember all that sh1t's behind me 
 Gemma : Forgot just how clever you can be. Bitch 
 Sons of the club 
 Jax : Mayans got two shops where they cut and bag the heroin. twenty minutes outside of Oakland. Here 
 Juice : Marcus Alvarez, presient of the Oakland charter... owns both buildings where they run their dope 
 Chibs : The local cops are on the payroll, so it's a no-hassle gig 
 Jax : Which makes them lazy. Alvarez don't try too hard to cover his tracks 
 Tig : He knows that we'd be on to cut shops. He wouldn't take a chance housing the M4s there 
 Clay : Stores them someplace off the grid 
 Jax : Backtracked one of Alvarez' dummy corporations... in San Leandro, along the UPac rail line. Here. Marcalva Industrial Storage. Way off the grid 
 Clay : Good work, kids 
 Opie preparing explosives at him 
 Donna : What are you doing? 
 Opie : Gotta make a run 
 Donna : What's in the bag? 
 Opie : Nothing 
 Donna : You promised you were done 
 Opie : It's got nothing to do with you 
 Donna : I get sh1t on if you get caught 
 Opie : Not gonna happen 
 Donna : You sat in a cell for five years while Clay and the others got rich. They sold you out. You know that. You're just too weak to stand up to them 
 Opie : Give me the bag. Give me the bag. 
 Donna : No, no, no... 
 Opie : Donna, stop it. Stop it 
 Donna : No, don't 
 Opie : Donna 
 Donna : Come on, boys. Let's go inside 
 Opie : Didn't hear you pull up 
 Jax : Parked down the block. Didn't wanna tweak Donna 
 Opie : You catch all that? 
 Jax : Enough 
 Opie : I think she's already tweaked 
 Jax : Yeah, stay here. I'll handle the run 
 Opie : Oh oh oh, I don't show up, Clay will chop off both our dicks 
 Jax : Take your kid to the ER. Tell them she hit her head or something. Just get on record being there. I'll cover you with Samcro. 
 Opie : What about the boom? 
 Jax : I watched you do it before. I'll call you on the prepay if I need help 
 Opie : Are you sure about this? 
 Jax : Go fix your family 
 Opie : Hey, Why didn't you tell me about your kid? 
 Jax : I didn't know what to say. Still don't 
 Clay and Jax on the road to go to the warehouse of Mayans 
 Clay : Where's Opie? 
 Jax : Kid got hurt. Had to take her to the hospital. Got the bag. I can make it work. It's all good, brother 
 Concert Taho 
 Elvis asian : How does that sound? That was beatiful, babe. It's all shook up, ha, ha 
 Simon : Bobby, Jesus, what are you doing here? 
 Bobby : Simon, what the hell is that? I'm booked. Tonight, tomorrow, five shows 
 Simon : I got a new girl in booking. Dumb bitch doubled up my acts 
 Bobby : Yeah, well, goddamn it, Simon 
 Prospect : Why don't you just tell Chung King to take a hike? 
 Simon : I got six busloads of Korean tourists coming in. They love Asian Elvis. I'll get you next month, Bobby 
 Elvis asian : Better luck next time, bubba. Thank you! 
 Backstage Concert 
 Elvis asian : Who is it? 
 Prospect : The colonel 
 Elvis asiatique : Oh, sweet Jesus.Oh help me, Mama, help me. Oh sweet Jesus... 
 The Sons are the warehouse of Mayans 
 Clay : Praise Jesus, it's a miracle 
 Chibs : And I've got the rest over there 
 Clay : Get the guns in the van. Wire this shithole up 
 Jax : sh1t 
 Clay : What the hell is the problem? 
 Jax : Nothing. I just gotta check something with Opie 
 Tig : Guns are loaded. What's the holdup? 
 Clay : We got company. Gotta be the Mayans 
 Tig : Yeah. 
 Clay : Get the van out of sight, lay low. 
 Tig : Let's go 
 Clay : You. With me 
 Un Mayans : Open it 
 Un autre Mayans : It's the electric panel way into the back 
 Un Mayans : Okay man! 
 Clay : sh1t! We should've been long gone by now 
 Jax : Well, we got the iron. Let's get the hell out of here 
 Clay : I came to send a message. Those two wetbacks see that busted back door... they'll call for backup 
 Jax : Blowing up sh1t's one thing.We off these guys, could trigger something out of control 
 Clay : Well, that's the cost of your mistake. You got a problem making it right? 
 Jax : I'll draw them to the Dumpster 
 Jax : (singing) When your bladder's full, you gotta piss 
 Un Mayans : Hey, tell your dirtbag buddies, they camp out here, they get some of this 
 Clay : No, bang bang, por favor. You tell your dirtbag buddies... they steal from Samcro, they get some of this 
 Happy : I got him 
 Jax : Go check the back. Make sure that's all of them 
 Clay : He's all yours 
 During the operation of Abel to the hospital 
 Une Infirmière : BP's dropping 
 Le Docteur : Get the paddles 
 Une Infirmière : Charging 
 Le Docteur : Keep clear 
 Tara : Check the leads 
 Le Docteur : Prepare to massage the heart 
 A warehouse of Mayans 
 Un Mayans : Por Favor 
 Jax : I'm all right. Got the vest 
 Clay : Finish it 
 Jax : It's finished 
 Chibs : Oh Mary, mother of Christ, I leave you bad boys for two minutes and it all turns to sh1t 
 Jax : We're all good 
 Clay : Let's get out of here 
 Tig : Clay, look at this 
 Jax : Darby's guy 
 Clay : Darby did make some new friends in Chino 
 Tig : White boy must've sucked lots of brown dick 
 Jax : Nords crew up with the Mayans, gives them numbers, access to guns 
 Clay : A common enemy, us! 
 Jax : Darby wants Charming 
 Clay : There goes the neighborhood 
 At St Thomas's Hospital 
 Une infirmière : Sinus rhythm's back. Oh two sats are coming up 
 A warehouse of Mayans 
 Chibs : Candles in the cake 
 Clay : Let's go home 
 Gemma visits Wendy in the hospital 
 Gemma : Hi 
 Wendy : Hey 
 Gemma : Looks like the boy might actually see his first birthday 
 Wendy : He made it? Oh, Abel, thank God 
 Gemma : Yes, thank you, God. Maybe we should say a little prayer 
 Wendy : Okay. That'd be good 
 Gemma : Dear God, thank you for saving this boy... for this murderous junkie mom who cared more about a 40 dollar rush... than she did her own flesh and blood 
 Wendy : Don't you dare 
 Gemma : Don't I dare? You pathetic whore. Guess the DA was impressed with your Bible studies. Hear they're not gonna press charges 
 Wendy : When I check out of here, I'm going into Promises 
 Gemma : Let's just throw money at those 12-step freaks. How long is it gonna last this time? Six months? Three? A couple of weeks? 
 Wendy : It's gonna be different this time. This time I have my baby to live for 
 Gemma : That's where you're wrong. You have no baby. You lost that privilege. You so much as cast a shadow on that kid... try to turn some legal screw and get custody... I will finish this job. He will never call you " Mommy". I suggest you turn to Jesus 
 Jax : Is he gonna be okay? 
 Tara : He looks good... Clean yourself up, Jax 
 Gemma : (A Jax talking Abel) He's perfect 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 