Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Fa Guan - Sons of Anarchy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Fa Guan https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=28&t=7320 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/05/09 01:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Fa Guan 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Sons of Anarchy: sh1t! 
 This was Zobelle Otto-- now Chibs This guy's trying to break us This is a hostile work environment  claim filed against me and my proxy by Margaret Murphy. You threatened her. 
 I had a passionate conversation with her. 
 This is my livelihood! 
 The club is the club, my life is my life. Stay out of it! 
 We need guns. Our distributor is temporarily offline-- 
 INS. He's having a little trouble getting into the country. 
 We know you deal AK's. We'll pay double. All you can get us. 
 Why don't you tell me how I get right with you trying to kill a brother behind the club's back? 
 Your little trigger boy blowing an innocent woman's head off. 
 If you mention Donna or the incident again, I'll kill you Your new p0rn studio. Sam Crow as a partner? 
 All of a sudden you're Larry Flynt? 
 We offer her protection, a space, front her a little cash for the sh1t the feds took, split the profits. 
 You're one of Luann's girls. 
 Lila. Opie. 
 She's been helping me out. 
 You serious about it? The kids like her. 
 Otto said some guy's giving you trouble. 
 Georgie Caruso. 
 Shitbag's threatening my girls if they don't join his company. 
 Saw some wood splinters. Probably a bat. 
 Sorry to interrupt. 
 We just found Luann Delaney off County 18 beaten to death. 
 Did you cause this? 
 The hell are you talking about? Payback? Caracara? 
 I'm not the one murdering women! 
 You okay? 
 Something that brutal... had to be... payback or or a message. 
 We don't know. 
 It could have been the scumbag producer. 
 We roughed up Caruso a couple times. 
 When? 
 Yesterday. 
 You should go, Jax. 
 Yeah. 
 I'm sorry, man. 
 All right, thanks, man. 
 Rosen. 
 Where's he at with the charges? 
 The quality of the security video is sh1t. 
 He's gonna push to have it tossed and most of the families at the Christian Center don't want to get involved. 
 Well, that should slow down the DA. 
 Yeah. 
 Gentlemen. 
 So, uh, I couldn't come through on your guns. 
 ATF's got eyes on my supplier. 
 Not what I wanted to hear I'm hoping to make it up to you. 
 You mentioned your gun source has INS issues? 
 Maybe I can help. 
 It's no secret you are losing  your slice of the the H pie. 
 You need guns to guard your corner,  
 I need a new pipeline. 
 Work together Got my guy detained in Oakland. New level of security. 
 Customs flagged his passport and visa as bogus. 
 He is claiming it's a technical error. 
 And if INS starts digging? 
 They find the truth. 
 Mahmoud Sakairi, Ex-PLO. 
 Gun feed heads straight back to Hamas. 
 The hearing is tomorrow morning And your crew couldn't persuade the judge? 
 Too risky. 
 My guy shows up, the judge doesn't spook they'll start digging into Mahmoud's Asian contacts. 
 But, a bunch of white guys twist the judge's arm... 
 You all look the same We do this You make sure Mahmoud opens up his pipeline to the Sons. 
 We'll both be in your debt. 
 Room 208 
 Have a good time Oh,son of a bitch Let's get out of here Oh,sh1t! 
 Date's over kids Come on,get your cloths on Five girls, four Johns Couple of them in possession: Crank Pussy and a bump. 
 Has to be Darby. 
 Excuse me chief Skinny blond says she got to talk to you This is a mistake,ok? We were set up Call our boss, he will tell you You willing to give up Darby? 
 We don't work for that scumbag Oh,who's your boss? 
 Sons of Anarchy s02e09 - Fa Guan Get in here Made banana bread Want a piece? It's still warm Shut the door Unser picked up two of your cum divas in a low-rent hooker sting. 
 sh1t I knew getting into porno was a bad call I wanna us out Losing Luann... was awful but we have other directors Caracara is in full swing. 
 It's a solid money maker It's dirty! 
 And I'm done with it Liquidate. You sell off whatever you can p0rn is Jax's deal. We all voted yes Close it down! 
 I'll handle the little prince What do we got? 
 The INS judge is small time, man Close to retirement He lives alone, cushy little suburb just outside of Oakland Widower, one kid Son at Berkley That's our emotional leverage. local. He is exposed. We threaten that. 
 Now I told Lin we ronna have to see the guns we are risking our ass for, so I arranged to have a little hardware test. That's you What? 
 Wh..who is gonna press the judge? 
 Bobbie and Ope You take Happy with you. He'll know how to persuade. 
 This is bullshit Give us a minute What the hell is this? Testing hardware. What am I, a god damn prospect? 
 This ain't about you. 
 It's about Ope It's important we bring him closer Deeper he gets the more we are protected Yeah and the more you hurt Jax I don't give a sh1t about Jax How did Otto take it? 
 Same any of us would Do we know her? 
 Not yet Georgie and his crew left for Thailand this morning It's a buying trip Fleeing the scene That's where my money lands Luann is not your fault I know Take a lap kid Ok Fiona was here When? 
 Yesterday Apparently, my kid got wind of the accident. 
 Fi came to make sure I was okay. 
 Jimmy O with her? 
 I didn't see him, but.. 
 He never let her travel on her own so he must be here When we were inside, Stahl.. had photos of Zobelle with Cameron Trying to get us to sell the IRA Cameron selling to Zobelle? 
 Confirmed it yesterday. We lost the Irish pipeline. 
 Jimmy will be going mad Hey, it wasn't our choice man It doesn't matter He'll still find a way of blaming me. 
 Hey, Doc Just checking up Chief Unser is looking for you Ok We'll handle it. 
 You just get better Are you ok? 
 Yeah I talked to doctor Gallagher We're taking you off the critical list. 
 You should be able to go home in about a week or so. 
 That's good news I appreciate you looking after me Tara. 
 You are a good girl You're welcome You do know your  insurance has lapsed? 
 Yeah, last birthday seems that I aged to the  unaffordable bracket You're gonna have to finish your recuperation at Stockton memorial Come on doc give me a few more days There is nothing I can do.It's  out of my hands. It's hospital policy Then I'll do the rest of my  mending at home Stockton has a good cranial expert... 
 I don't give a sh1t about  my head Do you think I'm gonna be lying on my god damn back somewhere unprotected? 
 We run a stink this morning. Prostitution Logger Point Motel. 
 Hookers in Charming? 
 Yeah. Hookers and movie stars Two of them were your Caracara girls Wanna talk to their boss Perfect Hey. You ok? 
 Yeah Anything on Luann? 
 Eh, crime scene is clean Right now we got nothing Gemma, can you give me a few minutes? 
 Yeah Do you need anything? 
 Oh, honey, I'm fine. 
 I'll catch up with you at the station Wanted to make sure this thing, with Luann doesn't get you.. overreacting You think it was Zobelle? 
 Do you? 
 No Zobelle didn't kill me He is not gonna risk murder  on someone like Luann Doesn't cut deep enough Yeah, that makes sense. 
 Ah, sh1t You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Keep forgetting to take that stupid pill that helps my equilibrium Well, Della is helping you monitor the meds, yeah? 
 She.. went to.. be with her mother for a while It's been three months Jessus Christ, Wayne You been going through this sh1t all alone? 
 I'm a prick, Gemma Treatments make me miserable It..it's best thing for now Well if you need anything.. just let me know Folks in my support group have been going to this revival service I was gonna check it out Could use a ride tomorrow morning I'll clear my calendar You know this thing with Luann Maybe you should take a few days off We're all logging extra time on the sex-cams, trying to help Jax. 
 I'm just saying If you wanna take some downtime, I'll help you out I'm not looking to be taken  care of, Ope This is what I do. 
 I know Better be getting back Ope Will I see you later? 
 It's gonna be a pretty late one Bobby's sister is watching the kids. 
 I don't mind watching them I'll bring Piper by, rent a movie or something. 
 That's okay. Can't keep doing this to you. 
 I like going to your place Feels like at home Ok See you in the morning Is that ok? 
 Yeah Hey, keep an eye on Lyla Anything happens give us a call I accept that Come on, Legs, you've got a visitor. 
 What the hell were you thinking? 
 Got a phone call Wouldn't give  his name Offered us ten grand to help out Darby What do you mean "help out"? 
 He wanted his johns thinking he had some high end pussy. 
 Two days of work. That was the deal And day one, the cops show up. 
 It had to be Georgie Psycho killes Luann, got us busted When did you get the call? 
 Day before yesterday That's before we hassled Georgie Setup's not on him. 
 Then who is it? 
 I don't know Aren't you gonna bail us out? 
 Yeah, let me just get an advance on my trust fund Ah, deputy chief Your tip panned out. 
 To be honest I'm surprised you acted on it Where else is Darby dealing crank and pussy? 
 I am not quite certain, you and I are on the same page yet, David I thought by now we'd working together That security footage of me and Darby, is bullshit. It's nothing Well, nothing criminal but.. 
 I think it would raise enough eyebrows in city council 
  to throw your appointment as Chief into question Darby's got a cooker in old motor home, scrap metal yard off Manion Also another low rent brothel at the Red Oak Suites This is your last chance DO your job How did it go with the Chinese? 
 Ok What?  -Clay heard what happened with the girls That and Luann. He wants me to kill Caracara. 
 It's club action. He can't shut it down Well, he don't give a sh1t. 
 Someone paid our girls to be on Darby's roster today, wanted them to get busted. 
 You think Clay needed an excuse to shut me down? 
 I'm not sure I know what either one of you would anymore. 
 We need Caracara. 
 It's our only club income. 
 Gun biz is back online. 
 New 20, new source. 
 We're done with pussy. 
 Just for a minute, try to think past this bullshit between you and me. 
 p0rn is a legitimate business, Clay. 
 So is auto repair. 
 And that don't make my skin crawl. 
 Look at your run with guns over the last few years. 
 We've lost more than we've earned. 
 Money and blood. 
 Well, that's gonna change. 
 With the Chinese? 
 We don't even know if this pipeline is real or where the guns are coming from. 
 Hamas. 
 Jesus Christ. 
 That's where you're putting the future of our club. 
 Sam Crow deals guns. 
 You had your little romp as p0rn king. 
 You tied us to prostitution, you got one of our member's old lady killed. 
 You are really gonna stand there and lay the guilt of a dead wife on me? 
 You remember that promise I made. 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 Let me make it easy for you. 
 You need a majority vote to shut down Caracara. 
 We put it out at church tomorrow night. 
 Oh, brother. 
 Want to tell me what that dead wife sh1t was about? 
 Otto knew, man. 
 I got Luann killed. 
 No, you thought you were doing the right thing. 
 I was tapping Luann. 
 You serious? 
 Ever since I took over her books. 
 How was that? 
 A little scary. 
 Well, you're covered, I guess. 
 Prison clause. 
 Yeah, I know, but it still feels shitty. 
 Sorry, man. 
 Yeah, well, we move on, right? 
 You know, Clay-- he's not gonna get a majority vote. 
 The guys, they love p0rn. They practically live at the studio. 
 That's why he hates it. 
 Cum equals cash, brother. 
 We all know it. 
 Caracara ain't going nowhere. 
 We got to talk, you and me, alone. 
 I'm done with alone. 
 Anything you got to say, Bobby can hear. 
 All right. 
 It's about Opie. 
 Clay's got him on point, working this judge. 
 Nothing I can do. 
 If this thing goes bad and Opie has to go down that road, there's no way he's coming back. 
 You're worried about losing your right-hand seat. 
 We both know why sh1t's upside down. 
 Keep Ope light. 
 I'll show up after I check those guns and work this judge. 
 The way me and Ope are going, I try and talk him down, it may be the very thing that pushes him to it. 
 Maybe you should tag along anyhow. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 I'll meet you at that judge's house. 
 
 
 
 Zobelle is putting down roots. 
 He's backing my brother for mayor, and he wants me on his team once I'm chief. 
 Why are you telling me this? 
 Aren't the Hale's on board for the bright new day? 
 I know the greater devil when I see it. 
 Zobelle is flooding this town with Darby's crank and pussy. 
 And he wants me to shut it down to prove to Charming they don't need the Sons. 
 You have till the end of the day to be heroes. 
 You had to swallow a lot to hand this over. 
 It's not about humility. 
 My biggest priority will be shutting you down. 
 But I'm gonna do it the right way. 
 Where's Hap? 
 I'm taking Clay's lead. Getting back into guns. 
 Clay's cool with it. 
 Hey! 
 Why aren't you with Bobby and Ope? 
 Jax said he was handling it. 
 Call your Nomads. We need bodies. We've been deputized. 
 All right, you get that one. 
 Come on, come on, come on. 
 You get that door right there. 
 Oh, too much brown sugar. 
 Pack up the hams, baby. 
 What the hell... 
 Ok, alright Stop pushing, bastards. 
 You too, Ugly Betty. 
 Get the hell out of here. 
 I'll catch up with you. Ok. 
 Wanted to say I was sorry. 
 I shouldn't have interfered with things around here. 
 I told Chibs I was transferring him to Stockton Memorial-- he freaked out, panicked. Said he would be unprotected. 
 Someone just blew him up. 
 He's a little twitchy. 
 But you do what you got to do, and we'll figure out a way to keep him safe. 
 Safe from what? 
 Jesus, Gemma, when does this settle? When does it stop? 
 I don't know, baby. 
 Aw sh1t! 
 You white boys never learn. 
 You and PD keep whacking the mole-- we keep popping up someplace else. 
 Whacking days are done. 
 Zobelle sold you out. No more money, no more Aryan muscle. 
 I smell the stink of your crank or your pussy anywhere near Charming, I'll put three bullets in your neck-- compliments of Charming PD. 
 Light it up. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Move, get out of the way. 
 Go, go. 
 Judge is at the gate. 
 Take him down, Jax. I'll cover the yard. 
 Don't make a sound. 
 Shut up. 
 Shut up. 
 Take what you want and get the hell out. 
 There's no money. 
 Just what's in the wallet. 
 We're not here to rob you. 
 We need your help with a problem. 
 What problem? 
 Got it. 
 Easy, junior. 
 Okay, okay, okay, okay. 
 You son of a bitch. Is this you, Alex? 
 Are you the problem? What, he owe you drug money? 
 What the hell you talking about? 
 You low-life, junkie piece of sh1t. Your mother would be disgusted. 
 Hey, hey. 
 Damn! Damn! 
 Okay, okay. 
 Jesus Christ. So much for our emotional leverage. 
 I don't care how pissed off he is, he's not going to let us hurt his kid, junkie or not. We stick to the plan. 
 Mahmoud Sakairi. He's got a deportation hearing tomorrow morning. 
 It's a simple misunderstanding. Dismiss it, everyone walks away from this whole. 
 This is about throwing out a case? 
 23 years on the bench, I've never been swayed by anyone or anything. 
 I'm not going to start now. 
 Let me be clear. 
 You throw out the case or I cut your family in half. 
 No, you won't. 
 I'll beat him, I'll break off his fingers and then I'll kill him. 
 Jesus Christ, just give him what he wants. 
 Dad, they're going to kill me. 
 He is not going to kill you. 
 Come on. 
 It's gonna be ok. 
 Get him up. Get off of me. 
 You cannot just blow holes in this kid. 
 I barely winged his toe. The old man is going to break. 
 I don't give a sh1t how bad the blood is. 
 No father is going to let his son die in front of him. Get out of my way. 
 Shut up. 
 The toe stung. 
 The knee... it's going to make him want to kill himself. 
 If you're going to kill him, just do it. 
 I'm not going to give you what you want. 
 So torturing him is just a waste of time. 
 You might as well shoot him. 
 This what you want? 
 This how you protect your family? 
 Dad! 
 No! No! 
 You're going to let me kill your kid, huh? 
 That's how you protect your blood? 
 Open your eyes, you piece of sh1t! Open your eyes! 
 You see it! You look at what you've done! 
 You see what you've caused! Look at what you've done to your family! 
 Open your mouth. Open your mouth! 
 Come on, brother. Stop it. 
 sh1t. 
 It's done. 
 It's okay. 
 Your turn. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Oh, sh1t. Oh, sh1t. I can't, I can't do it. 
 I can't... I can't. 
 All right, go look for something. Anything that'll help. Go, go. 
 It's okay. 
 Relax. 
 I'm all right. 
 I know. 
 What happened? 
 Severe head pain. 
 He can't see out of his right eye. 
 Dr. Gallagher ordered an MRI. 
 Thanks, Doc. 
 He should be put back on critical. 
 Dr. Gallagher already did. 
 You bankroll me, back me with muscle, and then you yank it out from under me? 
 Navigating around law enforcement is a game of give and take. 
 It wasn't PD. 
 It was Clay. 
 He told me you sold me out and seeing as how all three of my interests have been crushed today, I tend to believe him. 
 Do you want recompense against Sam Crow? 
 It means "payback." 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, I know what it means, asshole. 
 Yeah, I want to hurt 'em. 
 All right, I'm going to hit outside. Storage shed. 
 Uh, they'll see the flames from the highway. 
 Alarms are cut. Keep it contained to the inside. 
 This thing will cook all night before the flames are visible. 
 All right. 
 Let's go. 
 Gotta get it all. 
 Hey. Hey, Weston. 
 Hey, what do you think? You think I got a future in this business, huh? 
 That should do it. 
 What the hell?! 
 Your need had a short lifespan. 
 We got something. 
 No! 
 Please, no. 
 You can't. Please. 
 Throw out the case. 
 Love letters. 
 Found a room upstairs. God damn shrine to his dead wife. 
 You don't throw out the case tomorrow morning, or you tell anyone about us, we trash wifey's room. 
 Burn every memory you have. 
 Okay. 
 We made it work. Then we waited at the house for the call. 
 It's done. The judge dismissed the case. It's all good. 
 I checked out Lin's guns. MP-5s- really good hardware, man. 
 Where they going? 
 Home. 
 How long you gonna be? 
 Aren't you coming in? 
 No, I can't. I got some errands to run. 
 All right. 
 Uh, about an hour. 
 I'll call you. 
 Hey! 
 I know you? 
 Everyone knows me. 
 Good morning. 
 Come on, everybody. 
 That was Hale. 
 He just tried you on the cell. 
 What? 
 Unbelievable. 
 This was Clay. 
 Couldn't let me have it. 
 Talk to Quinn. 
 Tell him I want to transfer. 
 I'm going Nomad. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 