Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Chupacabra - The Walking Dead 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Chupacabra https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=15&t=6921 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/15/11 05:51 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Chupacabra 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on AMC's 
 The Walking Dead... First thing's first. Find Sophia. We'll start doing this right. There's one other item, I've written it down separately, it's personal, if we could be real discrete. I'm not fool enough to think there's any flowers blooming for my brother, but I believe this one bloomed for your little girl. Did you find it? Are we gonna go soon? I don't know, baby. I sure hope so. I'm hungry. I know, Carl. We all are. Why don't I get him something to eat? Ed's into all this survival stuff. We've got enough MREs to feed a small army. I'd sure appreciate it. No trouble. What in the hell did you tell her that for? We don't even know these damn people. That boy is hungry. We can spare one box. It's called operational security. How long do you think this stuff is gonna last if you keep running your damn mouth off to everybody we meet? I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking. You getting anything? There's nothing. Big surprise there. No, I mean there's nothing. Emergency broadcast system stopped,  and that recording about the refugee center. It's all gone. I'm gonna go up the road, see what I can see. I'll come with you. Ed must have forgot to pack those MREs. I found these in my purse. It's all right. Listen, do you mind keeping an eye on Carl for a minute? No. Shane and I are gonna go scout up ahead a little bit and see if we can find someone that knows what's going on. I want to come with you. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. Hey, we'll be back before you know it. Okay, little man, huh? Why would they stop broadcasting about the refugee center? I don't know. Think they're turning people away? They're gonna have a riot on their hands if they try. Your dad's nice. Shane's not my dad. My dad's dead. What do we do? Come here. We're gonna do what Rick would have wanted us to do, get you and Carl out of here. That's not lightning. You stay with me now. Come on. Oh my God. They're dropping napalm in the streets. Shane. Come here. Subtitle by Scorpion Morning. Good morning. I can't believe I slept in. You must have needed it. Feeling all right? Next time wake me, all right? Especially on laundry day. I can manage. I had an idea I wanted to run by you. What's that? That big kitchen of theirs got me thinking. I wouldn't mind cooking in a real kitchen again. Maybe we all pitch in and cook dinner for hershel and his family tonight. Kind of looking for things to keep my mind occupied. After everything they've done for us, seems like the least we could do. You mind extending the invitation? Would just feel more right coming from you. How so? You're Rick's wife. It sort of makes you our unofficial first lady. Morning, guys. Let's get going. We've got a lot of ground to cover. All right, everyone's getting new search grids today. If she made it as far as the farmhouse Daryl found, she might have gone further east than we've been so far. I'd like to help. I know the area pretty well and stuff. Hershel's okay with this? Yeah yeah. He said I should ask you. All right then. Thanks. Nothing about what Daryl found screams Sophia to me. Anyone could have been holed up in that farmhouse. Anybody includes her, right? Whoever slept in that cupboard was no bigger than yay-high. It's a good lead. Maybe we'll pick up her trail again. No maybe about it. I'm gonna borrow a horse, head up to this ridge right here, take a bird's-eye view of the whole grid. If she's up there,   I'll spot her. Good idea. Maybe you'll see your chupacabra up there too. Chupacabra? You never heard this? Our first night in camp, Daryl tells us that the whole thing reminds him of a time when he went squirrel hunting and he saw a chupacabra. What are you braying at, jackass? You believe in a blood-sucking dog? Do you believe dead people walking around? Hey hey. Ever fire one before? Well, if I'm going out, I want one. Yeah, and people in hell want slurpees. Why don't you come train tomorrow? If you're serious, I'm a certified instructor. For now he can come with us. He's yours to babysit then. All right, Andrea, t-dog, I want you guys... Nice guitar. Dale found it on the highway. You know, we still have 11 condoms. You see 11 condoms, I see 11 minutes of my life I'm never getting back. It wasn't that bad, was it? Look, I don't even know if I like you. But you're thinking about it. You should. You remember the name of that waitress at the dairy queen when we were in high school? I know you, Shane, well enough to know that there is only one sure-fire way of engaging you in a conversation,  and that is to start   asking you about girls   you did in high school. I don't want to, but I'll willing to do it if that's what it takes. Maryanne. I told you about her? In excruciating detail. Excruciating, my ass. You used to live for those details back in the day. I was impressionable. And I may have been living vicariously through you. Why wouldn't you, with my impressive list of accomplishments? I was an artist in his prime. A protege. You mean prodigy. Maybe. Is prodigy what you call a young high school stud that bangs 30-year-olds on the regular? What 30-year-old were you banging in high school? The p.E. Teacher. Mr. Daniels? Mrs. Kelly. The girls volleyball coach? Wasn't she married? C'mon. You know what I just remembered? Why I never ask you about this stuff. Why don't we talk about your high school love life then, huh? Well, that's a short conversation. It may even already be over. That right? There was holly, right? Nope, that was me too. Then there was Sheila. That's the one you lied to me about. I never lied about Sheila. I just got mixed up about what the bases meant. Just so you know, a home run, that usually means a sexual act. That's intercourse. Yeah, I realize that now. I think what you did was more like a ground rule double or something. I'm aware of the judge's ruling. Shouldn't be talking about this stuff. That life, it's gone and everyone in it. Sheila. Maryanne. Mrs. Kelly. It's like we're old folk. All the people in our stories are all dead. We can't just forget them. The hell we can't. It's hard enough accepting what's happened without digging up the past. I'll tell you what it is. It's nostalgia. It's like a drug. Keeps you from seeing things the way they are. That's a danger. You got people depending on you. You think I don't know that? I don't know. What are we doing? You got every able body at your disposal out scourging these woods for a little girl we both know is likely dead. You think we should abandon the search? It's not my call, is it? I'm asking. I'm asking. Survival, Rick. It means making hard decisions. But you've got this knack. You spread us thinner and thinner. I'm trying to save lives here and you're out saving cats from trees. Is that what you think Sophia is, a cat in a tree? Don't do that, man. Don't twist my words. How many times we get called up to look for a missing child, man? You got 72 hours. 72 hours, and after that you're looking for a body. And that was before. I mean you honestly think we're just gonna find Sophia alive? Are you that sure we won't? We being completely honest? I'm counting on you to be. It's math, man. Love or not, Sophia, she only matters to the degree in which she don't drag the rest of us down. I thought you wanted honest. If we'd just moved on, man, we'd be halfway to fort Benning right now and Carl wouldn't have gotten shot. You said so yourself. But we're out here, we're risking lives. Your own son almost died. Otis, he paid that bill. What the hell are we still doing this for? I had her in my hand, Shane. She looked in my eyes and trusted me. I failed her. If I hadn't, she wouldn't be out here. I think she's still alive and I'm not-- I'm not gonna write her off. It's blue. It's Andrea and t-dog. Looks like we wandered into their grid. Sophia! Whoa. Easy easy. Whoa whoa whoa. Son of a bitch. Mind your own business, Glenn. You're pregnant. You can't tell anybody, okay? You haven't told him yet? Something wrong? I just had a long talk with Shane. He wants to call off the search. What do you think? What if it was Carl? Would you want us to keep looking? If it was Carl, yes I'd want to know one way or another. Shane says my good intentions are making us weaker, that I can't make the hard decisions for the good of the group. They're all hard decisions. But maybe I'm holding on to a way of thinking that doesn't make sense anymore. He says it's math, basic survival-- How much fuel, how much food, how much ammo. Not much room in that equation for being soft. It's pretty simple when you start thinking of life like that. Hey. None of us were prepared to be living life this way. You are making the best decisions you can with the information you have. I don't see soft in that. Mr. grimes. My dad wants to talk to you. Oh, come on. You've done half. Stop being such a pussy. Come on. One of my horses is missing. Did one of your people take it? I was given the impression you knew about that. I did not. I'll have a word with Daryl. And Jimmy? You took him out today. Did he also give you the impression of my consent? No, he said it outright. I took the boy at his word. Jimmy is 17. He's not my kin but I am responsible for him. These things need to be cleared with me. Sounds like we need to work on our communication. What do you suggest? Keep it simple. I'll control my people, you control yours. Why don't you pull that arrow out, dummy? You could bind your wound better. 
 
 Merle. What's going on here? You taking a siesta or something? A shitty day, bro. Like me to get your pillow? Maybe rub your feet? Screw you. Huh-uh. You're the one screwed from the looks of it. All them years I spent trying to make a man of you, this is what I get? Look at you. Lying in the dirt like a used rubber. You're gonna die out here, brother. And for what? A girl. They lost a little girl. So you got a thing for little girls now? Shut up. 'Cause I noticed you ain't out looking for old merle no more. Tried like hell to find you, bro. Like hell you did. You split, man. Lit out first chance you got. You lit out. All you had to do was wait. We went back for you. Rick and I, we did right by you. This the same Rick that cuffed me to the rooftop in the first place? Forced me to cut off my own hand? This him we're talking about here? You his bitch now? I ain't nobody's bitch. You're a joke   is what you are, playing errand boy to a bunch of pansy-asses, niggers and democrats. You're nothing but a freak to them. Redneck trash. That's all you are. They're laughing at you behind your back. You know that, don't you? I got a little news for you, son. One day they gonna scrape you off their heels like you was dogshit. Hey. They ain't your kin, your blood. Hell, you had any damn nuts in that sack of yours, you'd got back there and shoot your pal Rick in the face for me. Now you listen to me. Ain't nobody ever gonna care about you except me, little brother. Nobody ever will. Come on, get up on your feet before I have to kick your teeth in. Let's go. Son of a bitch was right. Please, don't feed the birds. What's the matter, Darylina? That all you got in you? Throw away that purse and climb. I liked it better when you was missing. Come on, don't be like that. I'm on your side. Yeah? Since when? Hell, since the day you were born, baby brother. Somebody had to look after your worthless ass. You never took care of me. You talk a big game but you was never there. Hell, you ain't here now. Guess some things never change. Well, I'll tell you what-- I'm as real as your chupacabra. I know what I saw. And I'm sure them m-shrooms you ate had nothing to do with it, right? You'd best shut the hell up. Or what? You're gonna come up here and shut my mouth for me? Well, come on   and do it then, if you think   you're man enough. Hey, kick off them damn high heels and climb, son. You know what? If I were you I'd take a pause for the cause, brother. 'Cause I just don't think you're gonna make it to the top. Come on. Come on, little brother. Grab your friend Rick's hand. Yeah, you'd better run. Oh yeah?   I never thought I'd be   so happy to see a potato. I'm just glad we're not roasting squirrels over a fire in the woods. Thank you, Patricia, so much for letting us into your house. What's this? Lori and Carol are cooking dinner for us all tonight. That's the first I've heard of it. I didn't think it was that big a deal. They want to thank us for helping them. We need to be setting clear boundaries with these people. They're getting a little too comfortable. It's just dinner. What's going on with you and the Asian boy? Glenn. He's a friend. I'd rather he wasn't.. Bad enough I have to chase Beth and Jimmy around. Well, you don't have to chase me around. I'm not 16 I know you're not. That's why I'm counting on you to be the mature one. You know how I feel. Please, don't make things harder than they need to be. I'm a little old for us to be having this conversation. Don't get close to them. They're not going to be around forever. What's with the Annie Oakley routine? I don't want to wash clothes anymore, Dale. I want to help keep the camp safe. Is that all right with you? Sorry. Just returning your book. Oh no, I'm sorry. If I had known the world was ending, I'd have brought better books. Dale, you think Andrea's on her period? I'm only asking 'cause it's like all the women are acting really weird. And I read somewhere that when women spend a lot of time together, their cycles line up and they all get super crazy hormonal at the same time. I'm gonna advise you to keep that theory to yourself. Yeah. Who else is acting weird? Maggie. Ah, Maggie. She started off being mean to me. Then she wanted to have s*x with me. And now she's being mean to me again. And I don't even want to know what's going on with Lori. What's going on with Lori? Nothing. I don't know. All right, let's take this back a step. How do you know that Maggie wanted to have s*x with you? Oh, son, you didn't. Did it ever occur to you how her father might feel about this? She's 22. And he is our host. He doesn't know. Well, see that it stays that way. Jesus, Glenn, what were you thinking? I was thinking that I might be dead tomorrow. Thanks for the book. You're right, it sucks. Walker. Walker! Just the one? I bet I can nail it from here. No no, Andrea. Put the gun down. You'd best let us handle this. Shane, hold up. Hershel wants to deal with walkers. What for, man? We got it covered. Andrea, don't. Back off, Dale. Is that Daryl? That's the third time you've pointed that thing at my head. You gonna pull the trigger or what? No! No! No! Rick! What on earth's going on out here? I was kidding. Come on. Oh my God. Oh my God, is he dead? Unconscious. You just grazed him. But look at him. What the hell happened? He's wearing ears. Let's keep that to ourselves. Guys, isn't this Sophia's? I found it washed up on the creek bed right there. She must have dropped it crossing there somewhere. Cuts the grid almost in half. Yeah, you're welcome. How's he looking? I had no idea we'd be going through the antibiotics so quickly. Any idea what happened to my horse? Yeah, the one who almost killed me? If it's smart, it left the country. We call that one Nelly, as in nervous Nelly. I could have told   you she'd throw you   if you'd bothered to ask. It's a wonder you people have survived this long. He'll be all right. I hate to say it, but I'm with hershel on this one. Can't keep going out there, not after this. You'd quit now? Daryl just risked his life to bring back the first hard evidence we've had. That is one way to look at it. The way I see it, Daryl almost died today for a doll. Yeah, I know how you see it. I'm not out to be a hard case. Just being realistic. He's just got to start making the tough calls. You know I'm right. I may not agree with all of his choices, but I respect him. I know yours and mine and your way isn't harder. It's the easiest thing in the world to cut our losses and to not help. You keep telling yourself you're making the tough calls. You're really just trying-- the only thing I care about now in this world is you and Carl. So I apologize if I appear to be insensitive to the needs of others, but you see I'll do whatever it takes to keep the two of you safe. Even abandoning a lost child? Really? Yeah. My son and I are not your problem anymore, or your excuse. How's he doing? He'll be fine. What about you? I shot Daryl. Don't be too hard on yourself. We've all wanted to shoot Daryl. Baby, what do I do? Dinner's ready. You coming? Mm-hmm. You need anything? Huh-uh, I'll be right there. Does anybody know how to play guitar? Dale found a cool one. Somebody's got to know how to play. Otis did. Yes, and he was very good too. How are you feeling? As good as I look. I brought you some dinner. You must be starving. Watch out, I got stitches. You need to know something. You did more for my little girl today than her own daddy ever did in his whole life. I didn't do anything Rick or Shane wouldn't have done. I know. You're every bit as good as them. Every bit. You weren't supposed to see this. Subtitle by Scorpion 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 