Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - United Front - Ties That Bind 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - United Front https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=397&t=22457 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/10/15 09:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - United Front 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Have you seen anything illegal? 
 There was a guy driving with a dog in his lap, and a woman on her cellphone when she was driving. 
 Ripping asunder the social fabric. 
 [Laugh] 
 But nobody buying a 52" LED out of the back of a van. 
 Here's lunch. 
 No need to thank me, you're probably not as much a fan of gas station cuisine as my daughter is. 
 *** to this point. 
 Check this out. 
 He's parking. 
 I'm guessing this isn't where he picks up the kids from soccer. 
 Could be our salesman. 
 That's the signal our source said to look for. 
 I don't see any customers lining up. 
 If his business is slow, maybe he'll offer you a deal. 
 I do like a bargain. 
 Where does this go? 
 In the cupboard. 
 Same one you took it out of last night? 
 It's hard to remember. 
 Everything is so new... 
 I could draw you a map. 
 Everything about living here is so different from being home with Mom and Dad. 
 We try to be distinctive. 
 I think it's really sweet how you help out, and how you and Aunt Allison actually talk to each other. 
 Yeah, conversations are a lot more quiet. 
 When's your date night? 
 Your aunt and I don't date; we're married. 
 Our parents are married, they went out all the time. 
 Yeah, you don't go out, just the two of you, and dance and see movies and stuff? 
 You really should. 
 That's sweet, which makes me wonder why you want us out of the house? 
 Oh, no. It's not that. 
 You just should have time to yourselves. 
 We had plenty of time to ourselves. 
 And then we had children. 
 Brad? 
 Hey, I was told to meet a guy named Brad here. 
 I was told my buyer was gonna be a dude. 
 Do you have problems dealing with women? 
 I guess if you've got money, you're just as good as a man. 
 I should print that on a t-shirt. 
 Quite the selection. 
 Two hundred dollars lets you choose whichever one you want. 
 No. 
 I only accept small bills, less traceable. 
 That was a condition when I set the meet. 
 Come on, they're so pretty when they're this size. 
 Come on man, it's all I got. 
 I'm closing early. 
 You made a deal. 
 Come on... 
 Deal's off! 
 Police! 
 Ah, man! 
 This service sucks, I'm never shopping here again. 
 Let's go, you have the right to remain silent. 
 This is where the van driver says he was given the TVs. 
 And did he tell you who gave them to him? 
 He didn't catch the guy's name, his memory of the transaction was lost in a haze of marijuana smoke. 
 So he's worthless for a physical ID. 
 Unfortunately, the address is all that he had to offer. 
 We followed up with the landlord; the lease is phony. 
 He doesn’t remember who's living there, they've paid cash since they moved in. 
 Because none of that sounds suspicious. 
 The serial numbers of the TVs in the van showed up on a larger list of items that disappeared from a shipping center in Renton last month. 
 Odds are, TVs are inside that house. 
 Too bad we don't have enough for a warrant to get inside and look. 
 Maybe we could volunteer to wash the windows. 
 A little community service. 
 Check around the neighborhood, see what anyone's seen or heard. 
 On it. 
 But be discreet. 
 We don't want to panic the neighbors with the thought of a crime ring in the neighborhood. 
 Even though there's a crime ring in the neighborhood? 
 Proof before process. 
 And as part of the program, we're going door-to-door to encourage people in the neighborhood to look out for each other. 
 Ma'am, do you know your neighbors well? 
 Rita and I don't speak anymore. 
 I don't care to explain why. 
 And across the street? 
 Oh, I absolutely love that young man. 
 Young man? 
 Yes, keeps to himself. 
 Never even met him, which is just fine by me. 
 Do you know his name? 
 No, I couldn't even tell you if that's him right there. 
 Hey, stop! 
 Thanks very much ma'am. 
 [Brakes screeching] 
 Get off! 
 You can't do this! 
 All you had to do was not run away. 
 But thank you very much because now that you ran, we get to look at what you didn't want us to see. 
 Doesn't anybody keep cars in their garages anymore? 
 What a shame. 
 By the time you get out of prison, these'll probably be obsolete. 
 Let's go. 
 Okay Paul, let's keep it short. 
 I don't like being anybody's hands-free. 
 Can't you just uncuff me? 
 Guys who try kick out the windows of my car stay cuffed. 
 It's a little rule we have. 
 It went right to voice-mail. 
 You know what they say: wait for the beep. 
 Hey Billy, it's me. 
 I'm in trouble and I need you to come get me. 
 They're gonna put me away again, you know what's gonna happen. 
 I just... please come get me. 
 How did this happen? 
 I can't do this, I can't... 
 No, wait! Billy, don't go! 
 Hey! Hey! 
 [Struggling] 
 Somebody get him to holding before he breaks something! 
 [Glass breaking] 
 Relax! Settle down! 
 Hey! 
 No, not there. Please! 
 Billy! Please! 
 I don't know that Paul will be a productive source of information right now. 
 Maybe he'll be more cooperative after a good night's sleep. 
 Not that he's getting one tonight. 
 So, I was thinking about the calendar. 
 Oh right. 
 One of us has to go to that zoning thing for the school. 
 I was thinking about tomorrow night. 
 I was thinking about a date. 
 You and me? 
 That would be my first choice. 
 Sure. 
 Look at you asking me on a date, like we're not even married. 
 We're sleeping together, so I figured it was appropriate. 
 It's a great idea. Who gave it to you? 
 Nobody. I'm capable of a romantic gesture by myself. 
 Uh-huh. 
 Is that story going to hold up if I start asking around? 
 All right, it was Cam and Mariah. 
 Really? 
 Why do those two want us out of the house? 
 That was my question. 
 But apparently Jackie and Tim always had date night. 
 Oh, because their marriage is so much better than ours? 
 Baby, it's not a competition. 
 You're right. It's absolutely no contest. 
 This is going to be so much fun. 
 We get to go on a date! 
 Yeah. 
 If we can remember how to have one. 
 I heard it was a rough night in holding. 
 You calling for your brother and keeping everyone awake. 
 I need to talk to Billy. 
 Why don't you talk to us while you're waiting for him? 
 No, him first. 
 He'll come as soon as he gets my message. 
 That was last night, Paul. What if he doesn't come? 
 You don't understand. 
 He's going to lose it when he finds out. 
 Finds out what you've been up to? 
 Or finds out that we busted you? 
 [Laughing] I didn't do anything. 
 Which is why you ran away from a house with $40,000 in stolen electronics. 
 A guy like you, who's already done time for burglary and transporting? 
 That's going to mean prison for a long time. 
 Fortunately, you already know people there. 
 No, if I go back to that place... 
 No, Billy will make it right... 
 Paul is the distribution level, but there are levels above him. 
 We can't tell if it's loyalty or fear, but he won't spill. 
 He won't give us anything about who he answers to. 
 Has he lawyered up? 
 No he'll only talk to his brother. 
 Isn't that sweet. 
 I've got him on possession and flight, but he won't confess to selling, even though we've got a witness who'll testify he was doing just that. 
 And that would be your doped-up van driver, Mr. Credibility? 
 And our guy was sitting on a garage packed to the rafters in stolen televisions. 
 And you know, that does not get you intent to sell. 
 Especially if we're going to reach up and put away our bigger fish, we're going to need a lot more than that. 
 Come back when you have a lot more than that. 
 Here's my card ma'am, if you think of anything just let us know. Thank you. 
 I'm continually amazed that no one knows their neighbors these days. 
 That would require looking away from a screen, and actually looking out the window. 
 You know, I've got a confidential informant who works at a diner near the shipping station that the TVs were taken from. 
 We can stop in tonight, see if he's heard anything. 
 What time were you thinking? I have a date. 
 With whom? 
 Matt. My husband's taking me on a date. 
 Is he going to let you wear his Letterman jacket? 
 I don't know, maybe his tool belt. 
 [Laughing] 
 Go. Have fun. 
 I'll hit up the fleetwood diner, and maybe take a special eight-year-old on a date, too. 
 Is Arielle still having her Mac and cheese obsession? 
 She's developing a very refined palate. 
 We've progressed all the way to pizza and ice cream. 
 [Gaming sounds] 
 Wow, Uncle Matt, you look fantastic. 
 Yeah, I clean up all right. 
 When's the last time you took Mom out on a date, anyway? 
 I don't know, when were you born again? 
 Try not to get my socks dirty; I'm going to need them back after. 
 They'll be washed and ironed. 
 Sorry to keep you waiting. 
 Wow. 
 You look gorgeous. 
 Thank you. 
 Some of this is an illusion, but it should hold together for a bit. 
 Alright, listen up. 
 I know this is the first time we've left you alone here in the evening since Mariah and Cameron moved in, but that's not because we don't trust you... 
 You don't trust us. 
 He didn't say that. 
 Don't worry. 
 I can get through the night without being arrested. 
 Especially since there won't be a cop on the premises. 
 That's actually pretty good logic. 
 I know how to call 9-1-1 in case my little brother burns down the house or something. 
 Except, wait, what's the number for 9-1-1 again? 
 Alright, everybody get your homework done, okay? 
 Yeah and no visitors, it's a school night. 
 What time are you going to be home? 
 I don't know. 
 We might stay out all night, like we used to. 
 Remember those days? 
 I do. 
 Where are my keys? 
 They're on your desk. 
 Bye! 
 Bye, have fun! 
 What's the address of this place again? 
 Why? 
 Just so I don't mix up the numbers. 
 Never mind, I got it. 
 Big electronics warehouse near here that got hit. 
 Know anything about that? 
 All that high tech wizardry, and they can't find a better way to lock those metal doors? It's a shame. 
 We arrested a guy, Paul Brandt, who came into possession of a large piece of what's missing. 
 Brandt? I hear that name a lot. 
 He was in here not too long ago, bragging about selling hot TVs to people who should be able to afford new ones. 
 Would you recognize him? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 My view from the grill is a little obscured. 
 I'd recognize his bike, though. 
 His bike? 
 Yeah, he had this brand new motorcycle parked out front. 
 With ape hangers, I've never understood those things, because they make you look like an ape. 
 Let me know if you remember anything else. 
 Hey, let me make you a grilled cheese. 
 Best in the state. 
 Thanks, but I'm saving room for pizza and ice cream. 
 [Live jazz music] 
 I've never heard two people yell at each other that loud. 
 If you ever want to test our marriage, we should hire someone to remodel our kitchen. 
 I love our kitchen! But I know what you mean. 
 One time Devin and I caught a call where this woman was... 
 What are we doing? We're on a date. 
 We shouldn't be talking about work. 
 You're right. Done. 
 So, how long do we let our niece and nephew play the I'm new to this house card? 
 Huh? 
 We're putting away the dishes, and... 
 What? 
 I'm on a date with the most beautiful woman in this restaurant. No kids, no work. 
 Just you and me. 
 That sounds like the perfect date. 
 Nice band. 
 Yeah. 
 We can brave the dance floor after we order. 
 You look great. 
 Thanks. 
 I had to borrow the socks, from our son. 
 [Doorbell ringing] 
 Is Cameron here? 
 Yeah, but... 
 Hey, you made it! It's good to see you man! 
 [Party music playing] 
 Excuse me. 
 Whoa, Rachel, what are you doing? 
 Did you tell these guys they could come over? 
 I guess I did. 
 We're not supposed to have anyone over on school nights, Cameron. Weren't you listening? 
 Hey, as long as your parents never know, everything will work out just fine. 
 [Doorbell ringing] 
 I texted some friends, too. 
 [Music changing] 
 They can't do this. 
 I know. Don't freak out I'll take care of things. 
 Just calm down. 
 So, listen. Not that it isn't a pleasure to meet some of Cameron's friends... 
 Oh, you're just surprised he's got any. 
 Did Cameron mention my mom is a police detective and my dad has lots of very sharp power tools? 
 No, he didn't mention any of that. 
 All said was he's got the prettiest, sweetest cousin who I just had to meet. 
 Thanks, but you have to go. 
 You're kicking me out before you even know me? 
 Some people think I'm kind of adorable. 
 [Live jazz music] 
 How come you didn't dance like that when we were younger? 
 I just didn't know how good a partner you could be. 
 Want to skip the movie? 
 We could stay here, order some dessert, and see where the night takes us. 
 I have to be home before I go to... the place we're not talking about. 
 I'll get the dessert menus. 
 Should I call the kids and tell them we're gonna be late? 
 That's the other thing we're not talking about. 
 Yes! 
 
 
 
 I'm Billy Brandt. My brother, Paul, is being held here? 
 I need to see him, please. Even just for a minute. 
 Come on. 
 I didn't listen to his message until now. 
 If I'd known he was in this much trouble, and needed me... 
 I would've gotten here earlier! 
 Okay! Wait here. 
 Brandt, your brother's here! 
 Assistance! Attempted suicide, cell block three! 
 Assistance! 
 Paul! Open the door! Paul, I'm here! Paul! Let me in! Paul! 
 Paging Dr. Porter, paging Dr. Porter. 
 Detective McLean! 
 Hi Arielle. 
 Do you remember my husband? 
 I think so. Hello! 
 Hello! Hey Devin. 
 Hey Matt. Sorry to interrupt your evening. 
 Hey, we interrupted yours, too. 
 My ex is out of town, and I thought it quicker and simpler to let Arielle and come help Daddy with his work. 
 Well, Arielle and I can keep each other company if she doesn't mind. 
 Can you stay with Mr. McLean while Detective McLean and I go talk to somebody? 
 I guess it's okay. 
 Alright! 
 Thanks. 
 Just this way. 
 We shouldn't be too long. 
 No problem. 
 I can't believe how much bigger you've gotten since the last time I saw you. 
 I'm hungry. Are you hungry? 
 I'm not hungry. 
 Detective McLean and I ate on our date. 
 Your date? Is she your girlfriend? 
 Yeah, that too. What would you like to eat? 
 Pizza and ice cream! 
 Pizza and ice cream? 
 That's, umm... yeah, let's see what we can do. 
 Come on. 
 [Party music playing] 
 What are you doing? 
 One of the girls who came with Chris is a little sick. 
 How little? 
 Throwing up in the bathroom. 
 It's okay; I'll take care of it. 
 I don't know what's going on, we need to get rid of them before Mom and Dad come home. 
 I know, okay? You freaking out doesn't help. 
 Excuse me? 
 I need a couple of glasses. 
 Why? 
 What's going on? Hey, back off. 
 And if I say no? 
 Get away from her, now. 
 Okay, little man. Well played. 
 Are you guys drinking? 
 All night long. 
 Why do you think I need glasses? 
 Do you want some? 
 No. 
 That's too bad. 
 I meant no, nobody's doing that. 
 Mr. Brandt nearly ruptured his esophagus, but his airflow is just about back to normal. 
 Can we talk to him? 
 Not any time soon. 
 He'll be unconscious until at least the morning. 
 We'll need to keep a uniform at his door in case... 
 Hey! Are you the idiot cops that put Paul Brandt in jail? 
 My brother's nearly dead because of you! 
 You need to calm down... 
 Why wasn't anyone watching him? 
 You should've known he'd try something like this. 
 We understand you're upset. 
 But your brother didn't present as a suicide risk. 
 Of course he was at risk! 
 They almost killed him last time he was in prison. 
 Stabbed him just for being stupid. 
 What'd you think was going to happen if he goes back? 
 I hold you responsible... 
 Careful. Just have a seat. 
 It's not right. Just not right. 
 He shouldn't have been alone. 
 Helping my brother was my job. 
 Has been for years. 
 Let me see your hands! Out of the car slowly! 
 Ahh, sweet hell! 
 It's him? 
 I couldn't get him to stop. 
 Bad choice after bad choice, I tried to steer him back. 
 Get him back on his feet, start him on a better path, y'know? 
 I do. 
 But every time, he just got deeper and deeper. 
 Pulled me down with him, until I had to... 
 Take a stand? 
 Uhh, Alison, you gotta believe me! 
 Put your hands on your head. 
 This was not my plan. 
 Put your hands on your head! 
 Allison, I can explain... 
 Put your hands on your head now! 
 You don't wanna hear what I have to say? 
 I've heard it. It's not your fault, these aren't your friends, that's not your money. 
 Sure, let's go with that. 
 Timothy Alexander Olson, you have the right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say can and will be used against y... 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. 
 You have the right to an attorney, If you cannot afford one, one will be chosen for you. 
 I know it's hard, but sometimes it's the only thing that can save them. 
 What happened to my brother is my fault. 
 It's up to me to make it right. 
 Is this why there's a girl puking in our guest bathroom? 
 She's not puking anymore, she's resting. 
 I don't know what anybody's trying to prove here, but we're done. Cameron, your friends need to leave. 
 Ignore my cousin. 
 These are the ones that grew up on the side of the family that don't know how to have fun. 
 Yeah, look at her. 
 She doesn't even know how to smile. 
 I'm not even sure we're related. 
 That's it, I'm calling Mom. 
 No! 
 My cousins don't know me as well as they think they do. 
 I'm all for having a good time. But not here and now, okay? 
 So why don't you take your bottle and your friends and go, before my parents come home? 
 I like the way your lip quivered when you said that. 
 Actually, I have no problem with leaving. 
 Soon as the hottest girl in this room finishes this glass. 
 If that's what it takes... 
 Not you, I meant her. 
 You drink, we leave. 
 You want me to drink this? 
 Bad luck to leave before the bottle's empty. 
 Rachel, don't even think... 
 And then you'll leave? 
 That's what I said. 
 Fine. 
 Whoa! Rachel! 
 Maybe we are related. 
 Guess I don't know you as well as I thought I did. 
 Okay Chris, I did my thing, now you do yours. 
 The bar is closed. Everyone out. 
 All right. A deal's a deal. 
 You heard her! Let's go guys. 
 Good seeing you, dude. 
 Yeah, nice seeing you. 
 We'll chill again soon okay? And bring your cousin. 
 She's fun. 
 Dr. Kravitz, you have a visitor in the main lobby. Dr. Kravitz, a visitor in the main lobby. 
 Looks like they hit it off, I hate to disturb them. 
 I can carry mine to the car, good luck with yours. 
 I guess our evening didn't turn out exactly like we'd hoped. 
 I've had worse dates that ended up at worse hospitals. 
 Let's just try again soon, okay? 
 This date can end the way dates are supposed to end. 
 We have a bedroom in that house over there, we can use it. 
 I bet you say that to all your husbands. 
 Hi! How was your date? 
 It was really nice. 
 Is there a reason someone decided to clean while we were gone? 
 Oh, um, we just wanted to show you that, if you left us alone, the house would look better when you came back than when you left. 
 I want to believe that, but I don't. 
 My friend Chris came by. 
 Chris? The one with the attitude from the other day? 
 Yeah. My best friend from my old school. 
 He thought he could stop by and surprise me. 
 It was absolutely no big deal. 
 Except for the fact that we said no visitors. 
 They didn't stay long. 
 They? 
 He had some friends with him. 
 It was fine. We told them about the school night rule, and they left. 
 Chris is a good guy. He got it. 
 I appreciate your honesty. 
 So, you drinking coffee, Rachel? 
 Um, yeah, I... I have a calc quiz tomorrow, and I need another hour or two to nail the information. 
 How's everybody else doing? 
 I'm actually done with my homework, so I'm going to bed. Good night! 
 Glad you had fun. 
 Good night. 
 Okay, good night. 
 Good night. 
 Why do I get the feeling we're not being told the truth? 
 I believe some kid named Chris came by. 
 But yeah, they are definitely hiding something. 
 Behind a united front. 
 God help us. Where are you going? 
 If they were up to what I think they were up to, they've covered their tracks. 
 Here's how it works at the station. 
 I ask someone tell me their version of events. 
 Say my friend Chris came by, but nothing happened, and then I try to match what they've said with the evidence I find. 
 Like a house that's been cleaned for no reason, Rachel drinking coffee at bed time, and an empty bottle of whiskey I found in our trash bag, but thrown in the Williams' bin. Anybody have anything to offer? 
 Okay, I'm going to tell you how it works in this house. 
 People make bad choices, we understand that. 
 But we tell the truth about those choices, because we tell the truth about everything. 
 We're not going to pretend you're not hiding something, and you're not going to pretend we're stupid. 
 So, what happened? 
 I didn't do anything. 
 Yeah, but they were your friends. 
 Who came by when they weren't supposed to. 
 Whose bottle was it? 
 Mom, Dad, we always respect the rules of this house. 
 Normally, that would be music to my ears. 
 But when you use it to grandstand, we're done here. 
 Without an explanation? 
 If they want to lie together, they can be grounded together. 
 What?! 
 How is that fair? 
 Truth and fairness go hand in hand. 
 Don't get one if you don't give the other. 
 A fact that you can contemplate, while cleaning the attic this Saturday. 
 Cancel your plans for the next several Saturdays, because there's plenty to do after the attic. 
 This must be the warm, loving environment, everyone told me I was missing out on. 
 Everybody to bed. 
 Do you have something to say, Rachel? 
 Good night. 
 Morning. Lieutenant said we have a complication? 
 Yeah, Billy Brandt came in this morning and demanded we place him under arrest. 
 For what? 
 For his little brother's crime. 
 Okay, I admit it. 
 I thought I could fly under the radar and I couldn't. 
 So you're claiming that you've been moving hot electronics out of that address for six months? 
 Yes, that's my base and I hire people I can trust to handle deliveries. 
 Obviously, that part of the plan needs work. 
 And Paul's part in this? 
 Didn't have one. I love my little brother, but he's not gonna make the cover of Forbes. 
 Why was he at that address? 
 Is it against the law to hang out at your brother's house? 
 And he ran from us for exercise? 
 Have you seen Paul's history with the police? 
 He'd run from a crossing guard. 
 Doesn't mean he's guilty of possession with intent to sell. 
 But you are? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 And when we talk to drivers and other individuals who ID your brother as the guy they've been doing business with? 
 They're just going to be ID-ING a guy who looks like me, who has the same haircut as me, who's sometimes mistaken for me. 
 Almost as if we came from the same parents. 
 You don't get to just say, I did it. 
 There has to be some actual evidence that you did it. 
 You mean like bank receipts showing how I withdrew cash every month to pay the rent on my house? 
 Or how my prints are all over that place? 
 Because you visited your brother! 
 Or he visited me. 
 Look I know what you're trying to do. 
 You're trying to protect your brother. 
 But this isn't the way to do it. 
 You arrested the wrong guy, detectives, and you need to let him go. 
 I'm not gonna let my little brother get punished because neither of you can get your facts straight. 
 We've got our facts straight. 
 They just don't match your facts. 
 Let me sort it out one more time. 
 I paid the rent, I fit the description, I'm the one saying I did it. 
 That gives you evidence, a witness and a confession. 
 I can't figure out why you haven't already arrested me. 
 What kind of detectives are you? 
 The ADA thinks the case against Billy will hold. 
 Even though he didn't do it? 
 There's enough to convince a judge that he did. 
 He's covering for his little brother. 
 You can prove that in a court of law? 
 If Billy's story holds up and he's willing to swear to a confession, it just might be the truth. 
 You need to let the younger brother go. 
 Lieutenant... 
 We will keep an eye on Paul and next time he does something stupid, we'll get him for that. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Anyone flashy enough to get a motorcycle with ape hangers is bound to slip up again. 
 How's my little brother? 
 Paul's going to be discharged from the hospital tonight. 
 And then he'll be released? 
 All the charges will be dropped. 
 It's a shame you're not going to be able to enjoy that motorcycle you bought with all the profits from your illegal activity. 
 Yeah. I'm going to miss that feeling of the open road. 
 Except you didn't buy a motorcycle, your brother did. 
 I talked to the owner of the shop. Your brother paid cash, and signed Paul Brandt on the title. 
 I hope he enjoys the ride. 
 I'm the one who deserves the time, detective. 
 I'm willing to do it. 
 When was the last time this place was even cleaned? 
 Probably the last time these two got in trouble. 
 So, never. I don't know why I should have to do anything. 
 I wasn't the one downing shots like my crazy cousin. 
 I was making the best of a bad situation because your brother brought his druggie friends over. 
 I'd have invited your friends, if you had any. 
 Guys, stop. This is everyone's fault. 
 We were all there, that's why we're all here. 
 Yeah, in this house I never asked to live in. 
 But this is where you are living, with our mom and dad. 
 Is it so hard to just do what they say? 
 Guys look busy, the inspection crew is here. 
 Wow... nice work. 
 It's amazing what a motivator collective guilt can be. 
 It should look good, we've been working for three hours. 
 Just three hours? That's great. 
 Means you still have time to wash the cars. 
 Now? But I was gonna... 
 Gonna wash the cars? 
 That means what you were planning to do and what you're going to do are the same thing... imagine that. 
 Just a minute Rachel. I want to talk to you. 
 I should help them... 
 Rachel. 
 It's an important part of my job to be able to walk into a room and know what happened before I got there. 
 I know that's part of being a detective. 
 I'm talking about being a mom. 
 We raised you to be smart and use good judgment. 
 So when you hide something from us, I can only imagine it's because you're ashamed of the choice you made. 
 That you knew it was wrong. 
 More importantly, we raised you to tell the truth. 
 So why did you lie to us? 
 I... 
 I love you. 
 I'm sorry mom, that's the truth. 
 I know. 
 Is there anything else you want to tell me? 
 Not right now. 
 Okay. 
 I suppose that wasn't enough to get me out of washing the cars? 
 No, but it was still worth a lot. 
 Nice try. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 