Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Sad Professor - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Sad Professor https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15135 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/04/11 20:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Sad Professor 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hey. I'm gonna be working late tonight, so don't wait up. 
 Are those scones? 
 Easy, Debbie drive-thru. 
 Sit down and eat with your sister. 
 Do you remember her? 
 The one who bakes you goodies every day? 
 Yeah, sounds vaguely familiar, but I am so late. 
 Oh, well, then I'll drive you. 
 Uh... 
 Come on. 
 I am seriously overdue for some Annie time. 
 Annie time is pretty awesome, but I need my car because I have a thing tonight. 
 I thought you said you were working late. 
 Yeah, that "Thing" is an acquisitions conference in Arlington. 
 I know. 
 Thrilling stuff, right? 
 You know, you've been working past 10:00 for weeks now. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Yeah, it's fine. Have a great day. 
 [Car door slams shut, engine starts] 
 [Car driving away] 
 [Horn honking] 
 [Horn honking] 
 Yield, people! Why won't you yield? 
 [Tires screech] 
 Auggie! Wait up. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Twenty minutes late, Walker? 
 If I didn't know you any better, I'd say you were getting cocky. 
 Actually, I had to drive all the way to Capitol Hill to lose a tail. 
 Seeing as I'm only 20 minutes late, I have good reason to be cocky. 
 Probably another round of random surveillance checks. 
 Was it C.I.C.? 
 Worse. My sister. 
 Ouch. 
 If I can't fool my sister, how am I gonna fare against F.S.B. counter-intelligence? 
 Nah, what you're going through is completely normal. 
 When I first joined the agency, my brother tailed me, he checked emails, eavesdropped on phone calls. 
 After a while, he just stopped. 
 Why'd he lose interest? 
 I bought him an Xbox. 
 I don't think that's gonna work with my sister. 
 Meh. 
 What's Arthur doing in the D.P.D.? 
 If Arthur's in here, it's either bad news or really bad news. 
 He's walking with Joan up to her office. 
 Huh. 
 Morning. 
 I'm afraid I'm here under unfortunate circumstances. 
 Two days ago, an active C.I.A. case officer, codename Moonlight, was killed in the line of duty. 
 The loss of life for any public servant is tragic, but at the agency, it is the rarest of events. 
 In the last 65 years, the U.S. Armed Forces have lost 101,712 lives, law enforcement, 10,635, C.I.A., 103. 
 The number lost on U.S. soil, 4. 
 Those with "Need to know" will be looped in further. 
 Until then, all I can say is we've lost a good operative. 
 I've never seen it so quiet in here. 
 If they can get to one of us, it means they can get to any of us. 
 Annie... A word? 
 I have something very difficult to tell you. 
 The operative who was killed, he was someone you knew. 
 That's impossible. 
 Every covert operative I know is in that bullpen. 
 Mark Ramsay? Why do you have a photo of my Georgetown language professor? 
 Was he somehow associated with Moonlight? 
 Annie, he  was  Moonlight. 
 And you're the only one who can help us find his killer. 
 ♪ Covert Affairs 02x09 ♪ 
Sad Professor 
Original Air Date on August 1, 2011 
 "Apple Trees and Tangerines'"  can you save me? 
 ♪ 
♪ Can you save me ♪ 
♪ from this nothing I've become? ♪ 
♪ it's just something that I've done ♪ 
♪ I never meant to cause you worry ♪ 
♪ don't you blame me ♪ 
♪ for this nothing I've become ♪ 
♪ it's just something that I've done ♪ 
♪ I never meant to show you my mistakes ♪ 
 I always thought Mark was this bookish language professor, and now you're saying he was with the C.I.A. for 20 years. 
 His NOC gave him unparalleled access. 
 He taught all over the world-- Lomonosov, The Sorbonne, E.T.H. Zurich. 
 He recruited some of the agency's most valuable assets, who still pay dividends to this day. 
 The last time I saw Mark, he begged me not to join the agency. 
 Why would he do that if he was an operative? 
 Maybe he was pushing you to test your resolve. 
 Ramsay was tracking a local spy ring, a Pakistani state-sponsored group called  Lashkar-e-Taiba. 
 We think he got too close, and his contact inside turned on him. 
 What does his wife have to do with this? 
 Mark was making monthly drops of his findings but was killed before he could make his last one. 
 We think that intel held the identity of the entire  Lashkar  spy ring, and we need you to leverage your relationship with Safia in order to find it. 
 You want me to go to the house of a grieving widow whose husband was just murdered and ask her where the classified documents are hidden? 
 If only it were that simple. 
 You can't mention the C.I.A. 
 Safia didn't know Mark was with the Agency? 
 How is that possible? 
 Have you told your sister? 
 If Mark didn't tell his wife, it's not our place to either. 
 You're to go to Safia under the guise of paying your respects. 
 We don't have time for a slow-burn approach. 
 Annie should just lay her cards on the table and read Safia in. 
 Okay. 
 So just tell Safia the truth and get her permission to bring everything back to Langley for inspection. 
 I just heard. I am so sorry. 
 It still doesn't seem real. 
 That your professor died, or that he was C.I.A.? 
 Both, I guess. 
 Huh. 
 And now I have to go tell Safia that he spent their entire marriage living a lie? 
 It's like delivering the message your husband died all over again. 
 What's that? 
 I thought you could use some cheering up, so I bought you a Zeiss A1 Axio with phase contrast and a digital camera adapter. 
 Fantastic. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I still don't know what you're talking about. 
 It's a microscope. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 And we're gonna use this baby to interpret Ramsay's intel transmission. 
 Now, what Robert should be showing you right now is a microdot. 
 I remember reading about those at the farm. 
 Full-size documents shrunk to a single period. 
 Put one on a normal-looking document and they're impossible to find. 
 But if you know where to look... 
 Is it working? Do you see anything? 
 Yeah. It's amazing. 
 Good. Wasn't sure how it was gonna play out. 
 I thought we stopped using these after World War II. 
 Yeah, well, Ramsay was an old-school spy. 
 Sometimes the lo-fi approach is the best way to stay under the radar. 
 Great. So all I have to do is scour the house of a college professor, looking for a single millimeter-sized period on a normal-looking document. 
 Yeah, it's like finding a needle in a haystack in a forest full of haystacks. 
 Yeah. 
 Ironically, I have about as much chance of finding it as you do. 
 Oh, come on, that's funny 'cause... 
 Sorry. I was... 
 [Laughs] 
 Still thinking about breaking the news to Safia. 
 I've never read someone in before. 
 Is there C.I.A. protocol for how to do it? 
 No. There are as many approaches as there are personalities in the Agency. 
 The important thing is to be direct and definitive. 
 They were married for 15 years, Auggie. 
 This is gonna shatter her. 
 It'll be easier coming from a friend. 
 It would've been easier coming from her husband. 
 [Piano music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Is this the... 
 [Indistinct chattering, laughter] 
 Rachmaninoff was the bane of my existence in grad school. 
 The man had hands the size of shovels. 
 It hardly seemed fair. 
 Annie. 
 It's been far too long. 
 Both : [Kiss] 
 I'm so sorry about Mark. 
 Inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi raji'un. 
 Mark always said you were his star student. 
 He did love Callas, didn't he. 
 Come. We'll put them in water. 
 You're sure you're okay having so many people over so soon? 
 Mark's students were his passion. 
 I can't think of a better way to celebrate his life than having everyone over for good food and good conversation, eh? 
 Actually, there is something I wanted to talk to you about. 
 [Beeping] 
 The lamb. 
 Mark was always the cook, but I'm making do. 
 He learned to make this lamb  biryani  dish to impress me when we were first dating. 
 I didn't have the heart to tell him I preferred burgers and fries. 
 Mmm. 
 Little dry? 
 It's delicious. 
 Huh? 
 Can I have a glass of water? 
 Of course. 
 Would you... 
 Pardon me for a moment, please? 
 Sure. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You must've tried the lamb. 
 How can something be both... 
 Cold and burnt at the same time? 
 I know. Clearly you haven't been here the past two days. 
 Is she really okay? 
 She seems in awfully good spirits for all she's been through. 
 Well, she hasn't slept or left the house since Mark was killed. 
 I knew something didn't seem right. 
 Actually, it's a totally normal defense mechanism according to the Kubler-Ross grief model. 
 Although there is some convincing scholarship out of Yale disputing their classical five stages theory. 
 Fascinating. Would you, uh, excuse me for just a second? 
 All right. 
 Could I--could I talk to you for a second in private? 
 It's about Mark. 
 Stay for lunch. 
 After everybody leaves, we'll have time to talk. 
 Mm. 
 But first... 
 We feast on lamb. 
 I'll never forget my father's face when they first met. 
 You have to understand, for a traditional Pakistani, there's only one sin worse than marrying an American. 
 Marrying an African-American? 
 Exactly. 
 But when Mark broke out in fluent Urdu and named the starting midfield of the Pakistani Football Federation, dad was sold. 
 So how much longer do we have to walk before you show me what's in that envelope? 
 This is hard. Sorry. 
 What--what is this? 
 It's a commendation record. 
 Yes, I can see that. 
 But why does it say "Central Intelligence Agency" on the top? 
 Because Mark was an undercover C.I.A. operative. 
 [Chuckles] 
 For 20 years. 
 I work for the C.I.A. as well. 
 That's what I came here to say. 
 [Sobs] 
 [Sobbing] 
 [Pieces of paper rustling] 
 Safia, wait. Please let me explain. 
 Nothing to explain. 
 Mark was no spy. 
 His idea of danger was a jacket without elbow patches. 
 I know how you're feeling. This was a shock for me too. 
 With respect, you don't have the slightest idea what I'm feeling. 
 And yet somehow you feel entitled to come out here, make up some absurd fabrication, and try to flip my life upside down. 
 Please... Just go home. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Gasps] 
 [Footsteps upstairs] 
 Come on. 
 [Door clicks shut] 
 We gotta go now! 
 [dramatic, suspenseful music] 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Tires screeching] 
 [Tires screeching] 
 Nice work clocking the license plate. 
 Jai's running it now. It's definitely  Lashkar. 
 They're trying to eliminate Ramsay's intel before we find it. 
 How's Safia handling everything? 
 I don't think this is quite the way she envisioned her day going. 
 Are the movers really necessary? 
 They're absolutely necessary. 
 It's standard procedure when any officer dies to scour every inch of his life and reconstruct loose ends. 
 We need to find that microdot. 
 No stone goes unturned. 
 Two armed  Lashkar  militants are after that intel and are willing to kill for it. 
 Whatever leeway time we thought we had, we obviously don't. Stay on 'em. 
 Ma'am, I told you, we have orders to take everything back to Langley. 
 Annie, tell him he can't take my instruments. 
 That was my grandfather's concert violin! 
 Don't worry. We'll put everything back exactly how we found it. 
 [Clanking] 
 Guys, why don't you take five? 
 What's this all about? 
 These men are looking for information to identify Mark's killer-- 
 Not the movers. 
 The thugs who shot at us. 
 Are they the ones who murdered Mark? 
 We still don't know. 
 We think so. 
 So it's true. He was a C.I.A. Agent. 
 I went to his office. 
 I sat in on his classes. 
 So that was all fake? 
 Mark's job at Georgetown was real. 
 And when he taught abroad, that was real too. 
 I still think of him as my professor. 
 But he was also recruiting assets, and spying on foreign nationals, and sending that information back to Langley. 
 That's when he should've told me. 
 I would've understood. I'm sure there were a million times he wanted to, but it's hard to find the right moment. 
 And the longer you wait, the harder it gets. 
 So instead he just came home every night, looked me in the eye, and lied to me. 
 Compartmentalizing is the only way that some operatives can cope. 
 If anything, I'm sure he was trying to protect you from danger. 
 Safia, we need to start talking about a safe place for you to stay. 
 No. You've taken enough from me already. 
 I'm not leaving. 
 Annie. 
 We found this behind a false wall in the closet. 
 It looks like a safety deposit box key. 
 Do you know anything about that? 
 Mm-mm. 
 How is it you guys didn't even know about this box? 
 Spies are secretive people. 
 Home vaults, bank boxes, safe houses... 
 Anything to keep sensitive intel out of the wrong hands. 
 Doesn't it get tiring, keeping all these secrets? 
 Sometimes. 
 Please take as much time as you need. 
 Thank you. 
 What is that? 
 It's a microdot kit. 
 Mark used this to create his intelligence transmissions. 
 Oh, my God. Look at all this stuff. 
 [Laughs] 
 These--these are postcards from... 
 Every city we've ever visited-- 
 Athens, Shanghai... 
 Lisbon. 
 Summers in Maine. 
 I can't believe he kept all these. 
 [Laughs] 
 Mark's wedding vows. 
 He was so nervous that day. 
 He could wax eloquent in front of a packed lecture hall, but when he read these... 
 His voice trembled. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I have to take all this back to Langley. 
 We will get it back to you the moment we are done with it. 
 No, it's okay. 
 I understand. 
 Okay. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Sliding door shuts] 
 What's the word from the embassy? 
 I'm compiling a briefing for Arthur right now. 
 Maybe you can brief your boss first. 
 Islamabad's in full denial mode. 
 They claim they shut down all militant groups. 
 According to the Pakistani government,  Lashkar  doesn't exist. 
 Huh. Trying telling Safia Ramsay that. 
 And what do we have on the car? 
 The Chrysler? 
 The car was a rental. 
 We traced payment back to the Pakistani Welfare Agency. 
 Well, that's right out of the playbook, isn't it, using a charitable organization as a front. 
 "Give us money for food aid, and we'll use it to buy guns." 
 And what do we have on the P.W.A.? 
 Small D.C.-based office. 
 Pakistan desk's been monitoring their activities since the 26/11 Mumbai attacks. 
 I have full dossiers on every employee. 
 Oh, we've got a lot of options here. 
 Rubina Jafari. Personal secretary to the C.E.O. 
 Young, single. 
 Jai, think you can find an in? 
 I don't think that'll be a problem. 
 There's baked Alaska in the freezer. 
 But I experimented a little bit. 
 It's a little too baked, not quite enough Alaska. 
 Both : [Laugh] 
 What are you still doing up? 
 Watching the coverage of this horrible shooting in Georgetown. 
 They say it's a gang initiation. 
 Can you imagine? 
 And I drove past that corner last week. 
 Uh, I'm sure the cops are on top of it. 
 They usually-- they usually get those guys. 
 But you know what? They said he was a language professor at Georgetown. Did you have him? 
 He was my advisor, actually. 
 You mean, someone you know was killed... 
 And you didn't tell me? 
 It was a busy day. 
 "Busy day" gets you out of not calling your niece on her 3/4 birthday, not out of telling me your--your friend was killed. 
 Sorry. 
 Can we just drop it? 
 Oh, I'm sorry. 
 No, I should be more sympathetic. 
 I can't imagine how hard this must be for you. 
 Uh... 
 Thanks. 
 Uh... 
 For the record, that was, um-- it's just the right amount of Alaska. 
 [Chuckles] 
 So these are all Ramsay's possessions? 
 Everything from the house, the office, the car... 
 It's difficult enough finding a document the size of a period. 
 But when your subject apparently never throws away a single book, paper, or receipt, let's just say it's been a long day. 
 Probably doesn't help that he was a fan of the ellipses. 
 A double dash now and then would be nice. 
 Barber! Status report! 
 Yeah, just finishing our second pass. 
 What do you want us to do next? 
 Third pass. 
 You see, people? 
 It's just like I told you an hour ago. 
 We're going to have to do another pass. 
 Where do you think the microdot is? 
 Maybe the guys that ransacked his place got to it first. 
 Maybe he kept his intel somewhere else. 
 Maybe there never was a microdot. 
 I have no idea. 
 What about the stuff from the safety deposit box? 
 Ran it all a dozen times. 
 Nothing. 
 Wait, something's missing. 
 Where are the wedding vows? 
 Is she home? 
 No one has come or gone since I've been here. 
 Okay. 
 Safia? 
 Safia, I need those wedding vows! 
 So you're saying Safia's working with the men who killed Mark? 
 She was born three kilometers from the  Lashkar  headquarters in Muridke. 
 She's lived here for 20 years. 
 And these militant groups love to recruit westerners. 
 She's gone, Annie. What does that tell you? 
 That she could be in trouble. 
 Or she could be fleeing from us. 
 I understand how you're feeling. 
 You've just lost a friend. 
 But we have to be objective, not emotional. 
 It's our job. I know this looks bad, but you have to trust me on this. 
 I know Safia. 
 What she and Mark had was real love, not some spy versus spy espionage game. 
 I'm not sure you knew Mark as well as you thought you did. 
 [Chuckles] 
 
 
 
 This is a paper I wrote for Mark's Russian language class. 
 Where'd you get this? 
 Annie, Mark was the one who originally submitted your name to the C.I.A. 
 He said you were one of his brightest language students and we would be foolish not to recruit you. 
 So when I applied to Langley three years ago-- 
 You'd already been on our radar since college. 
 Annie, I am not saying Safia is definitely working with  Lashkar,  but we wouldn't be doing our job unless we tracked her down for questioning. 
 I've got a team out looking for her now. 
 What are they gonna do when they find her? 
 For now, we just wanna find out what she did with those vows. 
 She isn't being accused of a crime...Yet. 
 Uh, and-- and what can I do? 
 You need to stay on the bench until we find her. 
 Is that clear? 
 Annie. 
 Is that clear? 
 Yeah. 
 No typing, no pages turning. 
 Even odds says you're staring contemplatively into space, pondering the great mysteries of the Universe. 
 You ever wonder why you were hired? 
 10,000 applications a month. 
 Why'd the Agency pick you? 
 I always assumed it was for my body. 
 Auggie. 
 I was recruited. 
 There are not a lot of guys who can write an unbreakable java-based daemon and who've won their high school state wrestling championship two years in a row. 
 Why? What's on your mind? 
 I always thought I came to the Agency on my own terms. 
 Now I find out they had a file on me when I applied. 
 Annie, it's the C.I.A. we have a file on everyone. 
 Had any progress tracking down Safia? 
 Nothing. Joan's authorized a trace on her cell phone and credit cards. 
 We've notified the authorities, flagged her passport. 
 She's a ghost. She cannot be a spy. 
 This is a woman who made me toll house cookies. 
 Okay, I know what I'm supposed to tell you in this situation. 
 I'm supposed to tell you to let Joan run her op. 
 I am not supposed to tell you to go down to the annex and investigate for yourself. 
 And I'm definitely not supposed to tell you that the code for the door is 9-2-7-6-2 pound. 
 [Phone chiming] 
 Smithsonian Institution. How may I direct your call? 
 We have Danielle Brooks at the Smithsonian looking for Annie Walker. 
 [Sighs] 
 Okay. Send her down to the castle. 
 I'll be right over. 
 [Phone beeping] 
 And his supervisor sent me to the national gallery. 
 So I trudged all the way across the mall, waited there another 20 minutes, and then was told I had to come back here where I started two hours ago! 
 And who are you looking for again? 
 Annie...Walker! 
 That was the first thing I said. 
 Auggie Anderson? 
 Danielle Brooks. 
 You gave my daughter's third-grade class the most amazing tour. 
 Right! Yeah, sure. 
 Annie Walker's sister. Hey. Yeah, actually I feel more like Annie Walker's casual acquaintance. 
 Can't even find my sister in her office. 
 Yeah, the bureaucracy around here is crazy. 
 Unfortunately, Annie's out of the office. 
 She has an acquisitions conference. 
 Oh, no, she said that was yesterday. 
 It's a week-long thing. It's a big deal around here. 
 It's kind of like our Fashion Week. 
 [Sighs] 
 I tell you what. 
 Can I buy you one of the Smithsonian's famously bad cups of coffee? 
 That sounds wonderful. 
 At least someone around here is helpful. 
 Follow me. 
 [Indistinct chattering] 
 You know it's bad luck to read in a bar, don't you? 
 You're wasting your time. 
 I have a rule against dating Indian men. 
 Fine. 
 If you ask me, you're the one wasting time. 
 I mean, we both know how the charade plays out. 
 Both : [Kissing] 
 [Laughter] 
 Both : [Breathing heavily] 
 Wh-where could you possibly be going that's more fun than this? 
 Everything's more fun with champagne. 
 [Phone number dialing] 
 [Line ringing] 
 Tech intel. 
 I'm in. 
 Dude, are you eating a sandwich? 
 They ordered Wagshals. 
 Whatever. Just take me through this. 
 Okay, set her Bluetooth to discoverable. 
 Then open "Spiral attack" from your phone. 
 Enter her I.M.E.I. number. 
 Then star, 7, 6, send. 
 [Beeping] 
 And... We're done. There you go. 
 It'll take a day to drill down these names, but your end of the mission is done. 
 You can just go home, lucky. Yeah. 
 Actually, I think I'm gonna stick around for a little bit. 
 Why? What are you-- 
 [dial tone] 
 Hello? 
 What'd I miss? 
 So you really think I shouldn't be worried about Annie? 
 Yeah, she'll be fine. 
 We're just in the middle of our busy season. 
 Well, she's always in the middle of a busy season. 
 D'you know she canceled on Scott three times last week? 
 Scott, the doctor she's been seeing? 
 Oh, right. Dr. Scott. 
 There's a table. Do you want to sit down? 
 Sure. 
 I'm just worried that she's pushing everyone she's close to away. 
 Well, your concern is completely natural. 
 My brother was worried about me when I first joined the institution too. 
 The thing you have to realize is that this isn't just a job. 
 It's a way of life. 
 The Smithsonian? 
 It's one of the pillars of our country. 
 We are out there on the front lines, protecting America's art. 
 Art that is under attack. 
 Who's attacking art? 
 Funding cutters. 
 And the only thing standing between them and total annihilation is the Smithsonian. 
 It's the first line of defense. 
 Defense of the art? 
 Metaphorically speaking, of course. 
 Look, this is a very demanding job for the people who work in it  and  for their families, with the long hours, the travel, the confidentiality. 
 Your sister has devoted her life to public service, and at the end of the day, that's what makes it all worthwhile. 
 Wow. 
 I had no idea so much went into working in a museum. 
 Well, it's not just a museum, Danielle. 
 It's  the  museum. 
 [Horn blares] 
 Safia? 
 Safia, it's Annie! 
 [Dramatic music] 
 Safia! 
 Why are you following me? 
 Why can't you just leave me alone? 
 Safia. 
 I need you to put the gun down. 
 I came here as a friend. 
 You came here to find Mark's files. 
 You're not a friend. You're a spy. 
 Put the gun down before you hurt us both. 
 You can trust me. 
 I don't know who I can trust anymore. 
 Maybe we can work that out together. 
 [Sniffles] 
 [Sighs] 
 When you told me Mark had this whole other life, it made me question everything. 
 I mean, I wondered whether he ever loved me at all. 
 And then everything became clear in one moment. 
 The safety deposit box. 
 And that's when I realized, in spite of everything he hid from me... 
 I was always in his heart. 
 So you took the vows, and you fled. 
 [Sighs] 
 We came to North Haven every summer. 
 No matter how busy we got, this was our oasis. 
 That's why he didn't file this house with the Agency. 
 He wanted it to be just between you. 
 The last time I saw Mark, he told me not to join the Agency. 
 Both : [Chuckle] 
 I didn't understand why until just now. 
 It's not easy deceiving people, especially the people you love. 
 And Mark didn't want me to suffer through a lifetime of lying. 
 Do you still have those vows? 
 Sure. 
 [Suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Sighs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Look. 
 Mark was trying to transmit that brief to the C.I.A. 
 He was killed before he ever got the chance. 
 But why would he hide this on our wedding vows? 
 He must've sensed that it wasn't safe in the house, so he put it in that box, and he put it on a document that no one would suspect. 
 If anything happened to him, he wanted the exact right person to find it. 
 I think he wanted it to be you. 
 We need to take this to Langley. 
 Arthur. 
 Why am I just finding out you re-tasked four of my field officers to the Ramsay investigation? 
 I don't get it. We've drilled down on every assignment Ramsay ever worked. We vetted every asset. 
 What are we missing? 
 Don't do this. 
 Do what? 
 You are more involved with this investigation than I have seen you in years. 
 You and Ramsay both graduated from Annapolis. 
 You both cut your teeth in the D.I., and by all appearances, you seem to share a similar taste in historical fiction. 
 [Laughs] 
 I think you're worried this could've been you. 
 Oh, I'm not worried about me. 
 I'm worried about you. 
 I'm worried about our team. 
 This happened in our backyard. 
 I'm not gonna rest till we catch these guys. 
 [Horn blaring] 
 I cross-referenced Rubina Jafari's contacts with Ramsay's known associates. 
 Tommy Burleigh. 
 Studies nuclear physics at Georgetown. 
 Took three language classes with Ramsay. 
 He has top-secret clearance and access to sensitive D.O.E. Labs. 
 Ideal target for  Lashkar  recruitment. 
 Mm-hmm. And his sizeable student loans, suspiciously paid off last year. 
 Ramsay must've sniffed out he was selling info to  Lashkar. 
 And  Lashkar  had him killed before he could get out word. 
 You have to tell Annie. 
 I'm trying. Her cell's out of range. 
 Annie, look who I found. You met Tommy, right? 
 It's an awful strange coincidence, running into each other on a remote island in Maine. 
 Yes, well, Mark and Safia would wax poetic about their respites to North Haven, so I thought I'd take a couple of days to clear my head. 
 Where's your luggage? 
 And your shoes are pretty clean for the middle of mud season. 
 Tommy, what's going on? 
 Please, Safia, you have to help me. 
 Hey. Hey! 
 Safia, they're gonna kill me! 
 [Groans] 
 Annie! 
 Tommy must've worked with the men who killed Mark. 
 What? 
 [Dramatic, suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Groans] 
 We have to get off this boat. 
 Undo that net? 
 There. Over there. 
 [Loud buzzing] 
 Run. 
 [Groans] 
 [Dramatic, suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Splash] 
 [Horn blares] 
 [Panting] 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah. 
 You okay? You sure? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. Come on. 
 Ramsay's microdot confirmed the identity and locations of seven  Lashkar  operatives. 
 Tommy Burleigh and Malik Murabahti were picked up by the Coast Guard. 
 That leaves five still at large. 
 Mm-hmm. So what's the next move? 
 Conventional wisdom says we slowly squeeze the lemon. 
 Bring all seven in, turn them, and send them back out to catch bigger fish. 
 But it's your decision. 
 It's my job to support it, so the more relevant question is, what do you think is the move? 
 I don't think we use killers as chess pieces. 
 I want them brought to justice. 
 C.I.A. takes care of its own. 
 Your D.P.D., your call. 
 But I'm glad that's your call, because that's what I was hoping you'd say. 
 [Laughs] 
 Today we've gathered for our most solemn occasion-- unveiling a new star on our wall of honor. 
 Each of these 103 stars represents the memory of a devoted intelligence operative, a treasured colleague, a beloved friend. 
 It is our job at the Agency to honor these men and women by continuing to serve the country they gave their lives to protect. 
 Case Officer Mark Ramsay did not die in vain. 
 His intelligence led directly to the capture of seven militant extremists, men who posed a significant threat to our nation. 
 This is the culmination of a distinguished career, one marked by devotion, sacrifice, and patriotism. 
 I'm so sorry for your loss. 
 The Radio Dept.'s  Domestic Scene 
 ♪ Domestic scene, do I belong? ♪ 
 I don't want that to be Danielle. 
 I don't want her to be at a star ceremony, finding out who I really was for the first time. 
 I don't wanna keep this secret from her anymore. 
 Then don't. 
 I'm not saying it's gonna be easy, but she deserves to know the truth, just like Safia did a long time ago. 
 Did you ever read your brother in? 
 Eventually I had to. 
 How'd it go? 
 Oh, terribly. 
 He didn't speak to me for six months. 
 But it was still the right thing to do, 'cause eventually he came around, and now we're closer than we ever were before. 
 I don't think I can go six months without talking to my sister. 
 Danielle is a different person, and there's no telling how she's gonna react. 
 The point is, no one on the other side of this conversation can ever truly be ready. 
 You just have to decide if you are. 
 Thanks. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 See ya in the morning. 
 Oh, hey, Walker, one more thing. 
 Yeah? 
 When were you gonna tell me about Dr. Scott? 
 Sorry. Those details are "Need to know." 
 [Laughs] 
 ♪ I'm leaving just in time ♪ 
♪ leaving just in time ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 