Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Welcome to the CIA - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Welcome to the CIA https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15116 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/15/10 22:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Welcome to the CIA 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Polygraph for CIA admission. 
 [keys clacking]  
 A few questions for control. 
 Your name is Annie Walker? 
 Yes. 
 You're 28 years old? 
 Yes. 
 [keys clacking] 
 You reside in washington, D.C.? 
 Georgetown, yes. 
 You speak six languages? 
 I travel a lot. Languages come naturally to me. 
 "yes" or "no" will be fine. 
 Yes. 
 Okay, Annie, I'm going to ask you some personal questions. Now, you told us in your vetting interview that your last serious relationship ended two years ago. 
 Yes. 
 And you met abroad. 
 Yes, in Sri Lanka. I was backpacking. He was teaching English. 
 That's impulsive. 
 Is that a question? 
 Did you love one another? 
 [man speaking sinhalese] 
 [replies in sinhalese] 
 Yes, we were in love. 
 The s*x was good? 
 It rocked. 
 Bu-but it, uh- it ended badly. 
 Yes. 
 It ended badly. 
 Did that bother you? 
 After a three-week whirlwind romance, my supposed dream guy left me in the middle of the night with a cryptic note and a $50 bar tab. Wouldn't that bother you? 
 We're looking for a "yes" or a "no." 
 Can you repeat the question? 
 The question is this- If you join the CIA, will you be able to separate your work From your personal life? 
 [keys clacking] 
 Trainees, listen up! This is no granny hop! 
 This is low-altitude, 2,000 feet a.G.L.! 
 You step, grip, and rip, Or we'll be picking you up off the ground with a spatula! 
 Any questions? No? Good! 
 Now, who's first? 
 Annie Walker- I should've guessed. 
 ♪ stuck, still no turning back ♪ 
♪ the dog days are over ♪ 
♪ the dog days are done ♪ 
♪ the horses are coming ♪ 
♪ so you better run ♪ 
♪ run fast for your mother, run fast for your father ♪ 
♪ run for your children, for your sisters and brothers ♪ 
♪ leave all your love and your loving behind ♪ 
♪ you can't carry it with you if you want to survive ♪ 
♪ the dog days are over ♪ 
♪ oh, the dog days are done ♪ 
♪ can't you hear the horses? ♪ 
♪ 'cause here they come ♪ 
♪ the dog days are over ♪ 
♪ oh, the dog days are done ♪ 
♪ can't you hear the horses? ♪ 
♪ 'cause here they come ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 We have orders to bring you with us. 
 [engine revs] 
 Look, whatever the problem is, I'll retake the exercise. If it was the driving course or the deception training or... What was it? 
 You did better on the driving course than any woman we've ever had and better on deception training than anyone in a decade. 
 Oh. 
 So is this about me hooking up with my tae kwon do instructor? 
 'cause I checked the handbook. It's not against the rules. 
 I- I'm gonna shut up now and let you talk. 
 I've got orders from langley. 
 You're to be pulled from training And sent to headquarters. 
 There's a case in which your language skills are needed. 
 What case? 
 I don't know. 
 What language? 
 I don't know. 
 All I know is that they need you there today... 
 Now. 
 Now, like, now? 
 Now. 
 Oh, I-I still have a month of training left. 
 Now. 
 [keys clacking] 
 [buzzer sounds] 
 Annie Walker... 
 Cia. 
 [clicks tongue, mutters] 
 This late at the CIA, you must be new. 
 First day? 
 I'm Annie. Do I look that clueless? 
 No, not at all. 
 I'm conrad. 
 I'll show you where to get your badge. 
 So is this, like, your thing? 
 You wait outside the entrance And chat up girls on their first day? 
 Absolutely. 
 I'm both lazy and predatory. 
 See the guards ahead? 
 They'll get you all squared away. 
 [turnstiles clicking] 
 Conrad? 
 [stutters] 
 [alarms blaring] 
 You may want to get that passkey Before you try to get through security. 
 [stammers] 
 I'll do that. 
 [clears throat] 
 Hi. Uh, Annie Walker. 
 [whirring, beep] 
 Good morning. 
 Russian desk and d.P.D. Are on call Due to the petrov visit and other classified actions. 
 This current threat matrix is stable, However I am deeply troubled, Because at this critical time for our agency, Someone among us is a traitor. 
 Today's paper-classified information leaked to liza hearn  At the washington recorder. 
 Someone here, someone maybe in this room Has been seduced by an outsider, By a reporter. 
 In the end, All indiscretions end in heartbreak. 
 I, anne catherine walker... 
 When the guilty party is caught... 
 That I will support and defend... 
 And we are gonna find out Who has been leaking this information... 
 Against all enemies... 
 And they will be punished... 
 Both : So help me, god. 
 [computerized voice] 
 10:41 a.M. 
 Annie Walker? 
 Yes? 
 Auggie anderson, tech ops, And your friendly neighborhood cruise director. 
 Walk with me. 
 Blind guy leading you around the CIA- 
 Insert ironic joke here. 
 Jo malone grapefruit? 
 Am I wearing too much perfume? 
 No. No, it's very subtle. 
 A lot of the ladies around here lay it on so thick, It's like they're chumming for hammerheads. 
 Good morning, auggie. 
 Hey, bea. 
 Case in point. 
 [chuckles] 
 Everyone here is so young. 
 There was a hiring freeze that was unfrozen after 9/11. 
 50% of the agency has five years experience or less. 
 That's both inspiring and weirdly unsettling. 
 You'll find this is a weird place to work. 
 Polygraphs every year, No cell phones allowed inside the building, No dating foreigners. 
 In fact, the CIA highly encourages Dating within the agency. 
 Keeps things in the circle of trust. 
 It's like a club med without the free drinks. 
 And the food court's on your right. 
 There's a starbucks in here? 
 [chuckckckckles] 
 Imagine a year of background checks Just to get a barista job. 
 Hey, how are the legs? 
 You know, a bag of frozen peas Would help keep down the swelling. 
 I'll bear that in mind. 
 From the inane yet vaguely sexual banter, I take it you've already met conrad sheehan. 
 Conrad! 
 Let's go. 
 Welcome to the agency, Annie. 
 He works for arthur campbell? 
 Yeah. 
 And he acts like it too. 
 Okay, here we are- joan campbell's office, Head of d.P.D. And our boss. 
 Wait. You're not coming with me? 
 I'm not going in there if I don't have to. 
 [chuckles] 
 [knock at door] 
 Nsa is sending over the files you requested, And Annie Walker is here. 
 Annie Walker. Great to meet you. 
 Have a seat. 
 Actually, we're in a bit of a hurry. 
 Do you know who sent me here? 
 I was just looking for some clarity. 
 Clarity? You're in the wrong business, sweetie. 
 Better question might be, why do you want to be here? 
 The CIA is not an easy place to be a woman. 
 I can handle a competitive workplace. 
 Well, you're gonna be outnumbered here four to one, Outnumbered by men who'll hold the door for you And call you "ma'am" and know how to fix a tire. 
 But clarity, honesty? 
 That's another story. 
 How much do you know about the domestic protection division? 
 Uh, I've actually never heard of it. 
 Good. 
 That's the way we want it. 
 Welcome to the d.P.D. Operations center. 
 Every global threat that finds its way past our borders Is dealt with here. 
 Hello, auggie. 
 Joan. 
 Screens. 
 Coming up. 
 The landscape looks like south ossetia. 
 I spent six months there helping rebuild the opera house In tskhinvali after the uprising. 
 A bleeding heart-lovely. 
 The figure you see on-screen is stanislav orlovski, Aka "stas"- born and raised in moscow. 
 This satellite photo was taken When stas was in prison in siberia. 
 He made a deal with the fsb And soon became one of their top operatives. 
 He's a skilled assassin, wanted in 14 countries, And he is now ours. 
 Stas came in from the cold two days ago, and he wants to talk. 
 Talk? 
 He's unhappy With the new regime at the fsb and wants to supply us With a list of their current targets In exchange for asylum and compensation. 
 It doesn't pay to hold a grudge in the spy game. 
 Where do I fit in? 
 You've been assigned as stas' handler. 
 You go to the hotel where we have him, wait for his call, And bring this. 
 A blackberry. 
 That is a dedicated two-way encrypted transponder That only looks like a blackberry. 
 He has one. You have one. 
 You hot-sync the devices in the room. 
 He gets the bank codes for his payment, And you get the intel, and that's it. 
 Don't have a drink with him. Don't sleep with him. 
 You think I'd sleep with him? 
 I think he'd sleep with you. 
 Did you call me in here because I speak russian? 
 Yes, and you can also pass for a call girl. 
 We want to make it look like stas Is here to buy guns and party, not sell secrets to us. 
 I'm surprised there was nobody already here Who could do that. 
 There was. She's gone. 
 Let's leave it at that. 
 Look... 
 If you don't want the assignment, We can send you back to the farm. 
 No, I'm here. I can do it. 
 I- do-do I have to wear, like, a costume? 
 Hookers in d.C. Are pretty conservative. 
 What you're wearing now is fine. 
 Here, you're going to the capitol grand hotel. 
 Wait in the lounge area. 
 When this pager vibrates, It means we're ready to do the meeting. 
 It's like waiting for a table at Friday's. 
 Instead of sitting down To eat a bourbon-drenched egg roll fajita skillet, You're gonna help us turn One of the most dangerous men in the world. 
 Auggie? 
 Yeah? 
 Can I ask you a question? 
 I was special ops in iraq. 
 I got out of a humvee to look at what I thought was a dead dog. 
 Next thing you know, I'm ray charles. 
 [chuckles] 
 Oh. 
 I was gonna ask what the headphones are for. 
 Oversharing-my bad. 
 Grado rs-2s... 
 Great for monitoring operations, Getting real-time feedback when I'm typing, Or listening to mingus when I'm supposed to be working. 
 Mingus? 
 Yeah. 
 I went to the mingus tribute festival in stockholm. 
 You're officially my hero. 
 That's your ride. 
 Wish me luck. 
 You don't seem like the type to need luck, but good luck. 
 [chuckles] 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Mmm. 
 Gotta love those kitten heels. 
 [keys clacking] 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 [exhales deeply] 
 Would you like anything? 
 I could get the waiter for you. 
 Tea, coffee, a glass of wine? 
 It's 11:30 a.M. 
 Something stronger, then? 
 [both laugh] 
 I'm good. 
 Perhaps we could get a drink later... 
 A nice cava. 
 Cava? Are you from Spain? 
 Si. Valencia? Madrid. Unfortunately I don't think I can get a drink with you. Hmm. Your mother warned you not to date foreign men, huh? Something like that. [pager beeping] [elevator bell dings] [door clicks, buzzes] Hello? Stas? Stas. Stas. [mumbling in russian] English is fine. I'm in your country now, baby. [chuckles] do you have your pda, stas? Oh, oh, um... You have a little wardrobe malfunction Happening there. Close call. Come on. [snaps fingers] Do you have your pda, stas? One minute, one minute, huh? Chateau d'yquem... Almas iranian caviar... You're certainly rockin' on the agency's dime. Not as good as russian caviar. Look, can we just focus on the intel? Where-where is your pda? It's in the bedroom, kiisu. [crunching] Please, to follow me. [snapping fingers] Just keep your robe on. Look, stas, I understand how hard this must be To turn on your country. That's probably why you've had a few. [hiccups] I just want you to know That the CIA is grateful, and we're here for you. So can we do the exchange? Shall we, uh... Hot-sync? I thought you'd never ask. Eh... Beep. [pda beeps] Was that as good for you as it was for me, kiisu? Get her out of there now. This way! Let's go! Let's go! [tires squealing] Joan, we need to keep the information channels clear. I'm giving you all I can, arthur. What can you give me? I feel I've been pretty transparent. And I feel I'm still having to navigate a lot of red tape. Things of this magnitude are complex. There's complexity, and then there's lying. Okay, this is good. This kind of dialoging is what this marriage needs. You know, this whole couples counseling thing Ultimately is useless until arthur gives me The name of whoever it is he's screwing. I'm not having an affair. How many times do we have to go over this? You see that? You were blinking like crazy, arthur. He was blinking like crazy! Any trainee could see that he is lying. Want me to take a polygraph? I got one in the closet. [knock at door] Yeah? Joan, we have a situation. What went wrong? This was supposed to be simple. It all happened so fast. I was talking to him one minute, and the next, The room seemed to explode. Some operatives go an entire career Without seeing a bullet fired. Is that supposed to make me feel better? It's supposed to make you realize this is unusual. Thankfully, it all worked out. It all worked out? Stas is dead. Bad for stas, good for us. The agency saves some money And gets to delete a known assassin From the high security threat list at the same time. Whatever that intel was, it was worth killing for. Ahem. What? The intel. I didn't get it. You said you did the hot-sync. I did, but in the confusion, I didn't grab the device. Well, this just gets better and better. District police and fbi are already on the scene. Once our devices become evidence, All the intel is corrupted. Gone. I can go back. I can get the intel. Annie, we don't just waltz into places, Flash our badges, and assume jurisdiction. We don't even have badges. Plus you can't just take evidence From an active crime scene. She doesn't need to take anything. She just needs to get in the room. And what are you going to tell the detectives And any number of people at the hotel Who will have pegged you as a witness Or possible accessory? I'll think of something. Try not to break or lose this one. What's the range on these? About five feet. And when I beam this one out? The other two devices will fill up With the harmless-looking phone book we loaded on there, And you'll download the intel. Ingenious. So simple. The system we devised before you got shot at Was ingenious and simple. Now we're just riffing. [siren] Excuse me, ma'am, closed crime scene. [laughs] are you in charge? You need to turn around and go back downstairs. No, but... [whispering] I was here when it happened. Uh, what were you doing here, miss, uh... Truesdale. Amber truesdale. I had a business meeting. What kind of business are you in? I don't want to get in trouble. Look, we're not going to bust you If you say you're a... Call girl. We don't like to use that term. Really? It's crowded in here. [giggling] Yeah, well, it's amazing What 57 high-powered rifle shots can do to a party. Are you a detective? Fbi. Agent rossabi. And if you don't mind, I'll ask the questions. Can I sit down? Look, I'm a good girl. I come from a church-going family in akron. I just wanted to come forward and be honest. My mother told me to always do the right thing. Hmm. What does she say about you being a hooker? I certainly don't like being called a hooker. Who was the john? We call them clients. The agency said his name was boris. Russian businessman. This was our first party together. What's the agency? The gold circle club. I can write down the number if you want. That'd be great. Nice pen. Thanks. 302 area code? Delaware? Wilmington. You know, tax reasons. Did you see anything through that window? No, but I wasn't really looking. We didn't get a chance to... [laughing] I wasn't here long. I was standing about here. Well, more here. Excuse me, boys. [laughing] The shots came through here... [device beeps] And I ran out as fast as I could. Hmm. I don't really remember much else. I should really get goin'. Am I allowed to leave? I wouldn't leave town. Let me ask you this. Why'd you really come back? And don't give me the, uh, "good girl" rap. U! - For these. Christian louboutins don't come cheap. [dialing] [cell phone ringing] Fbi secure exchange, line one. [line ringing] Gold circle club, where pleasure is our pleasure. How may I direct your call? Let's see why this intel was worth dying for. Khyber intercept? Useless. Info on kaladze's political aspirations? We already knew that. Georgian troop movements from last July? Light samsonite. What does that mean? It's an old spy term. For when spooks Used to stuff their suitcases with crumpled newspaper To make it look like something valuable. Either stas was too dumb to know what good intel is, Or he thought we were too dumb. Given the fact that he's dead now, It's probably the former. There's nothing here of value. Type up a closer on the stas file and get it to me. We're done here. Stas is dead, long live stas. Annie? Ahem. Word to the wise. These pipes haven't been cleaned Since the johnson administration. I'd invest in a bottle of evian. You all right? I saw a man get killed today. I lied to a federal agent. I was shot at. Or as we call it, "Thursday at the agency." "asset entanglement," "evasion techniques," "deception." These are all words they use in training. They make it sound so clinical, But it's not. It's... It's messy, and it's dangerous. It is messy, And it can be dangerous, But you're doing it well. Now, it's miller time. Happy hour at the tavern. That's your solution? Oh, absolutely. One drink. Probably best if you drive. [upbeat pop music] ♪ ♪ Hey, auggie. Tia, lovely as always. Auggie, are you coming to my party Saturday? Wouldn't miss it, jane. Ladies love a blind guy. They think we don't care about looks. "think"? Little secret. You don't actually have to see a woman to tell if she's hot. You just listen to the way other guys talk to her. Take yourself, for instance. Annie Walker, I'm so sorry to hear That you had a hectic first day. If there's anything the d.C.S. Office can do. I rest my case. Thanks. Conrad, right? You remembered. You must be very good with names. Oh, come on, this is getting ridiculous. Who needs another beer? I'm just gonna assume you see me raising my hand. Why do you think stas tried to sell us such bad intel? Just because a guy can shoot a sniper rifle Doesn't make him smart. Intelligence can be a bit of a misnomer. Yes. So tell me, why'd you get into this? You certainly don't fit the profile. I thought there was no profile. And yet everyone joins for some reason, And it sure ain't the pay. Ahem. Tell me, I can take it. I traveled a lot before I came back to d.C. Uh-huh. I don't know what I was looking for, I'm not sure I found it, But I got to use my language skills. And I met a guy. Ah, it's always about a guy. Go on. We fell in love in sri lanka, And it was a tearful good-bye. A tearful farewell at the airport, a la casablanca? More like he left like the baltimore colts In the middle of the night. Ouch. Anyway, I kept traveling. I went to all the places that we said we'd go together: Tibet, angkor, Giza, Rapa nui. But no matter how far I traveled, I couldn't get away from the truth. Which was? The truth was that I let my guard down. The CIA and the life it offered was appealing. I wasn't gonna get burned again. Man, you do fit the profile. Liar. Joan, please meet sheila calhoun, Legal counsel for the oversight committee. Sheila, meet my wife, joan. I can't believe you. After all that denial. No. This is completely work-related. Arthur, may I have a moment, please, Away from your girlfriend? Excuse me, sheila. Have you lost your mind? Phone records. 13 phone calls made From your scrambled cell phone to hers. Four reservations at various d.C. Restaurants All made on your opentable.Com account. Do not tell me I am losing my mind. You're using valuable agency resources to track me? That's not a denial. Why can't you be a good CIA wife and just trust me? Because I'm not a CIA wife. I'm a wife who works for the CIA. 
 
 [rock music playing in bar] Who's next? Oh! Oh, okay. How about that girl? She smells great. All right. Vintage irish heart ring, Crucifix on her neck, Last prep book in her purse, Holds her liquor. I'm guessing boston college. Maryland accent, not baltimore. Traces of dublin. I bet her parents are first generation off the boat. And she's fit, huh? Her heels barely made any noise when she was walkin' by. In fact, she was walking a little gingerly. I'd say she's training for a marathon. Okay, time for more drinks. Oh, my god! I was supposed to be At my sister's house an hour ago. I live in her guest house. We do dinner every Thursday. That's okay. Sorry, I gotta go. Wait. How am I gonna get home? [laughing] Excuse me. Hi. Did you go to boston llege? I did. Did you? I did. I went to law school there. I'm studying for the lsat! I aced mine. I'd lend you my study guide, but it's in braille. We should talk. I'm auggie. Louise. You have the softest hands. [car alarm chirps] [engine revving] Who the hell are you? [tires screech] [horns blare] D.E.C. Method- Determine, evade, counter-pursue. [tires screech] [hand brake ratchets] [horn honks] Oh, man. [horns blaring] Come on, you piece of crap car. [pedestrians shouting] [ignition grinding] No! [horn honks] [indistinct conversations in house] [sighs] Annie! Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi! Hi! Leme see this. Okay, okay, the deal was you could stay up Till Annie gets here, remember? Good night. Good night, Annie. Good night, Annie. Bye. See you in the morning! Where have you been? I was working. Well, we're about to start eating. Ethan is really looking forward to meeting you. Come on, help me in the kitchen. What's the matter? He's cute... In an archie comics sort of way. I just forgot we were doing the whole ethan thing tonight. I thought it was just our usual dinner. Oh, come on, you guys have a lot in common. He works at the world bank, You work at the smithsonian. You both have really boring jobs. Everybody, this is my little sister Annie. Hi. Oh, look, there's an empty seat next to ethan. Annie, why don't you take that one? Here you are. Thank you. Are you okay with that? Yeah, thanks. Well...So, stuck in traffic? Traffic, right. This petrov speech has got the entire northwest quadrant Completely gridlocked. Did you want that? I normally take m street to get to georgetown, But they had that blocked, So I ended up going all the way up connecticut avenue, You know, past the zoo and then... Wow! Where's this going? Down wisconsin. Around and around in circles today. Nuts. Just crazy. Can I have some wine? Uh, red or white? Uh, whatever is closer. Red? Sure, here. Let me, uh...I brought this. Oh. It's wonderful if you like zinfandel. Mm-hmm. It's a ltle pricey, But very good. There we are. Thank you. No need to be shy. Uh, a toast, guys? To Annie arriving, huh? Hmm! Ohh. Seriously, do you, uh- Do you play racquetball by any chance? Well, uh... Are you squasher? Go for a drive And just get out of the city. On the drive, you know, I usually Turn the music up, Just lift my shirt off and just, you know? Ho! Yeah, I shuck my own oysters. Have you ever, uh- you ever shucked an oyster? I would love to shuck some oysters with you. [laughs] oh, wow! Sorry about the chocolate mousse! Drive safe. [door closes] Well, I think that went pretty well. Well, that makes one of us. Good night. [alarm clock buzzes] [cat meows] We're leaving in five minutes. All right. Aunt Annie, we're eating waffles! Okay, guys, guys. I gotta go. Bye. I'm late, so bye. Okay, kids, go get ready for school. Aww! Dude. [laughing] I'm sorry ethan was such a dud. It's fine. No, I thought I vetted him, but he turned out to be A completely different guy than I was told. I can't believe he tried to kiss you. What? Kiisu. I gotta go. I gotta go. Well, don't be mad at me. I said I was sorry. I'm not mad. I just gotta go. I was trying to help, you know. I mean, it's been ages since you had a real relationship. It's weird. Okay, now I am mad at you, and I still gotta go. Welcome, miss hearn. So glad you could make it. I brought along some legal counsel to brighten up the room. Would you like something to eat? I'm sure you've heard about my CIA-trained chef- Culinary institute of america. So this is the famous arthur campbell charm offensive. So you're not hungry. I'm not giving up my sources. And you shouldn't. But the people in our agency who are talking to you Are clearly unhappy with the status quo. Maybe I could help them. [sighs] I've given these people my word. I would go to jail for them. Oh. Let's hope it doesn't come to that. Let's cut to the chase. What do you want? Everybody wants something. I just want to file my articles in peace. I think you want more. I think you want relevancy and access and accolades. There's nothing wrong with that. So what do you want? Let me be your source. On the record? That would be tough. And so it goes. Recognize this meeting as me reaching out. What you do with that is up to you. Arthur... The CIA doesn't have a monopoly on seduction. I play all the same games that you do, Except I play 'em better. And with more style. But I get it. You want more balanced coverage, And I want my sources left alone. So I'll agree to let a little light in, And you'll agree to never call me in here again For another shameless sit-down like this. Great meeting. Oh, she's good. I wish she was working for us. [speaking russian] [speaking russian] ...Professor. I would have thought that after four years Of being your teacher, you'd at least call me mark. How have you been? Good. Traveling, mostly. Your russian is still very sharp. We were disappointed you passed up on that grant At the marin institute. But you're here now. I'm here now. I'm dating a guy- a russian guy from moscow. Ooh! Boy, be careful of those muscovites. They're worse than the italians. [both chuckling] He calls me kiisu, like a pet name. I've never heard that word before, have you? Annie, please, don't do this. I really like this guy. I just wanna make sure his story checks out. Please do not work for the CIA. I'm-I'm not. Don't insult my intelligence, and I won't insult yours. Working for these people will lead to nothing good. I've had a lot of gifted language students, But you were in a class by yourself. The CIA's just going to exploit that. But I'm not. I'm just dating this guy, and I thought you could help. So that's your story. What does kiisu mean? It means...Kitten. But not in russian. It's estonian. And it's not even the most common way to say kitten. Really. It's only used in the small villages in the south Near latvia. So somebody from moscow would never use that word. Someone lying about coming from moscow might. Thank you. I gotta go. Annie. Be careful. [tires screeching] Uh-oh. Involving civilians in CIA matters Is a serious breach of protocol. How did you know? How do we know? We know because we've been following you. Given the leaks we've had recently, We're following everybody. Stas is still out there. Stas is dead. It doesn't add up- the bad intel, The way he was hitting on me, the fact that he stood Near a window... Is that all? And I was followed home last night- High-speed tactical pursuit. I know. That could have been the fbi, an unstable ex-boyfriend. Could have been us. Was it you? No. I knew it. Annie, this is all circumstantial. Get off the grassy knoll. Stas was born and raised in moscow. The guy I met with used the word kiisu. It's an estonian word. No russian would ever say that. Did you discuss this with your professor? Yes. Gather your things. Go back to the farm. At this point, you're gonna be lucky If you get a desk job in hr. You may have been washed out of the entire program. Dismissed. Dismissed! Whoops! Perfume. Wrong bathroom. Jo malone. Grapefruit. Annie! You're here? I had no idea. Liar. How you doing? I'm fine. Liar. You know, I remember when I first started at the agency, I was so freaking confused by everything. And this is before my accident. I could still see, but... The protocol, bureaucracy. People I thought were mentors turned out to be jerks... And vice versa. I was a mess. Course, back then I could at least read the bathroom signs. So what's the secret? Well... I'm not sure there really is one secret. But I find that it helps to keep a healthy sense of humor And a bottle of patron in my desk drawer. Annie, if joan was gonna fire you, She would have already done it. The agency likes people who take initiative. It's kind of a weird push/pull thing. In that case... I need your help. [beep] [beep] Hey, can you take a picture of us? Try and get the capitol building in the background If you can. Thank you. Thanks. Wintergreen listerine breath strips? I'm improvising. I once accidentally washed a pair of jeans With these in the pocket And when I fished them out, I couldn't get them off my fingers. This is never gonna work. There's only one way to find out. [beep] Annie? You know, when I was talking about initiative, I meant like showing up for work early, Buying doughnuts for everyone once in a while. We need to blend in. You need to sell this. [whispers] talking doesn't help! We're clear. Annie, you forgot my shoes. I'm supposed to walk around the morgue barefoot? I just need to find stas. Stas spent ten years in a siberian prison. He has the tattoos to prove it. And this guy... Clean as a boy scout. I knew it. Stas is still alive. I should have noticed it when his robe came off. Wait-his robe came off? Freeze! Fbi! Now, tell me... What is a call girl... Doing at a d.C. Morgue? Paying my respects. So... You're still telling me you're a call girl? I'm still telling you I don't like that term. Okay. Who's the blind guy? He's a client. Client. A john, as they say. Which is ironic, since my name is john. Okay. W-what were you two doing in the morgue? I had mentioned to john about yesterday, Almost getting killed at the capital grand. I knew he was a bit of a fetishist. I thought it might turn him on. Seeing that dead body really turned me on. Y... You're blind. What are you, "sight-ist"? [raises voice] I think I'd like to speak To someone a little more open-minded. There's one more thing you should know. Really? And... What is that? We are extremely discreet. We have a number of federal employees and civil servants On our client list. I'm just putting that out there. [stammers] l- let me get this straight. You're...Propositioning me During an interrogation? See? You keep using all those clinical terms, And it's dampening the mood. [cell phone rings] I'll be back. I just got a call from my boss's boss. A man I've never talked to my entire career Just called me. Congratulations. You must be doing a good job. A man I've never talketo Told me to release you and your friend. Maybe your boss's boss Is a gold circle client. Okay, here's what I think. I think you both work for the agency. I-I-uh... No, I know, I know. You don't know what I'm talking about, right? I was gonna say you don't know what you're talking about. Okay. You work for the CIA. [laughs] yeah. You work for the CIA, And you should be sharing information with us anyway. Somehow you got involved with this russian guy And instead of working with the bureau, Decided to go it alone... Only, you got caught. And now some shadowy superior Who goes to the metropolitan club with our director Has gotta call to get you released. The operative word being released. So what did the nsa come up with? Well, they ran the wiretaps on miss calhoun from oversight. And? And, um... It's all on the up-and-up. All conversations with arthur are completely work-related. It's actually pretty boring. Is that so? You should be happy, joan. Your husband not having an affair. Thanks, paul. I owe you one. Yes, you do. [door opens, closes] What is it, conrad? Heads up on tomorrow's front page. How many sources does she have? What else? You're hovering. The dni called. He wants to see you in his office First thing tomorrow. Thank you. You were right. Really? Don't make me say it twice. We got a hold of the body After you two were pinched at the morgue. Not good, by the way. We're sorry about that. Two days on the job, And you already have him apologizing for you? She likes mingus. I'm sorry. Later. We cross-checked dna samples. It's not stas. Who is it? Some patsy stas must have bribed to pretend to be him. Clearly, he omitted the "getting shot of it all." And stas was the one doing the shooting? He is an assassin. Why would he fake his own death? Not for the money. The transfer didn't go through. Wasn't to signal to us he was dead-too veiled. We've overthinking it. Like you said- he's an assassin. That means everything he does goes towards one goal. Oh, man. Is stas still on the hstl? Let's see... "deceased." If everybody thinks he's dead, Nobody's looking for him. And if nobody's looking for him, He can do what he really came here to do... Which is kill someone. What's the threat matrix? Coming up. President is abroad. Congress is out of session. Petrov. An outspoken russian journalist visiting d.C. It's classic fsb tactics. Half their assassinations go down abroad. Petrov's at an awards dinner at the smithsonian right now. We gotta get him out of there. Go get him, girls. [agency radio chatter] Petrov is secure. Stand down. Stas probably knew we were onto him And didn't show up. Annie! Ethan. Don't worry. I'm not stalking you. Petrov-he's a friend of the world bank, so... Oh. Sorry about last night, You know, too much zin. Would you do me the honor of letting me pick up the dry cleaning bill? It was only chocolate mousse. You know, you smithsonian people Really know how to throw a good party. So are you, uh, working or are you playing? Working. Actually, could you excuse me for a second? Uh, work stuff. Right. [indistinct p.A. Announcement] Move, and I'll kill you. I believe you, stas. Let's think this through. The CIA loves to negotiate. I- I could shepherd you into langley myself. Keep walking. I knew that spanish accent was off. You're getting sloppy. I promise you I'll work on that After you're dead. Get down on your knees. [trigger clicks] [gasping] [gagging, wheezing] [indistinct p.A. Announcement] The intelligence commendation award... For your work on neutralizing an enemy spy. Thank you. I look forward to coming back to the agency After I finish my training. Oh, you're not going back to the farm. We're gonna be keeping you here at the d.P.D. Your country needs you. Oh. Thank you. Joan, can I talk to you for a second? Yeah, of course. On the platform... It all happened so fast, but... I could have sworn that stas was killed by... Somebody I knew. Someone you knew. Someone I met while traveling. Annie, you've been through a lot. The man who killed stas is agent baldwin over there. You're lucky he got there when he did. You might wanna go thank him. And you're gonna have to give that back. Awards stay here in the vault. The agency giveth, and the agency taketh away. You were right. This is a weird place to work. Come on, let's go scarf down A few more of these cheese cubes Before they take those away. So you're telling me he's back again? The moment we brought her in, he resurfaced. Thankfully, he took out stas for us. Ben mercer. They must have had a hell of a time in sri lanka. Should we mobilize an ops team? No, not yet. If we move too quickly, he could slip away again. Keep the girl working. Keep her out there. Let's see what he does. Hopefully, she'll lead us right to him. Arthur... This meeting's over, joan. Hi. Are you okay? I'm fine. Stapler accident. [laughing] I'm such a klutz. I'm sorry about this morning. No, I'm sorry. It's just that I wanted to introduce you To someone cool, and ethan was... Not. [laughs] it's okay. He said he'd pay for the dry cleaning. [both chuckling] Wow. Straight to the cherry garcia. Rough day, huh? No. I'm fine. You're such a horrible liar! You'd make like the worst spy ever. Wanna talk about it? Not tonight. [brandi carlisle's before it breaks] ♪ ♪ 
♪ round here ♪ 
♪ it's the hardest time of year ♪ 
♪ waking up, the days are even gone ♪ 
♪ the collar of my coat, lord help me ♪ 
♪ cannot help the cold ♪ 
♪ the raindrops sting my eyes ♪ 
♪ I keep them closed ♪ 
♪ but I'm feelin' no pain ♪ 
♪ I'm a little lonely ♪ 
♪ and my quietest friend ♪ 
♪ have I the moonlight ♪ 
♪ have I let you in ♪ 
♪ say it ain't so, say I'm happy again ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ say it's over ♪ 
♪ say I'm dreamin' ♪ 
♪ say I'm better than you left me ♪ 
♪ say you're sorry, I can take it ♪ 
♪ let it bend before it breaks ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ say it's over ♪ 
♪ say I'm dreamin' ♪ 
♪ say I'm better than you left me ♪ 
♪ say you're sorry, I can take it ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 