Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Houses of the Holy - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Houses of the Holy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15121 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/19/10 21:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Houses of the Holy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You wanna be Tinker Bell, Annie? 
 Yes. 
 Or do you wanna be caffeinated, Annie? 
 Five minutes, little fairies. 
 Yes, mom. 
 I'm gonna be chained to my desk all day. 
 I may not make it back in time for dinner. 
 See you. 
 Bye. 
 We're not going to the Greenbriar next week. 
 Michael has to finish a policy paper and can't get away. 
 Mommy, mommy, Chloe's teasing me! 
 I am not! She's teasing me, mommy! 
 Didn't you need some time away from them? 
 [Laughs] No. Never. 
 Auggie. 
 [Whispers] I have to ask. 
 [Whispers] No, you don't. 
 When you picked up yesterday's outfit off the floor this morning, did you think no one would notice? 
 No comment. 
 You're on the walk of shame. 
 You're holding my arm, so technically, it's our walk of shame. 
 Although, it hardly seems fair you get the shame and no fun. 
 Who is it? 
 That is so funny that you think I'm gonna tell you. 
 Hey. Conference room, guys. 
 Joan. The sound of your necklace gives you up. 
 I only like that trick when you do it to other people. 
 Special activities division is en route to brief you. 
 This week, you belong to them, but we're goa let you operate out of here because... 
 Not everyone has a Braille keyboard and an embedded document reader with voice recognition? 
 Because I know you like your desk arranged just so. 
 Ah. 
 This drone is programmed to drop hellfire missiles on a meeting of all-star tribal leaders. 
 What's wrong with this picture? 
 No one was there. 
 They knew we were coming. 
 This is the third mission in two weeks that has been compromised. 
 After the first, we shut down assets in Syria and Iraq... 
 To no avail. 
 So it's happening on our side. 
 That was the theory. We also limited briefings to essential personnel in clandestine services. 
 Mission details still got out. 
 Who could it be? 
 There's really only one possibility left. 
 A United States senator. 
 More specifically, a member of the intelligence committee. 
 They have compartmented clearance higher than top secret. 
 Only they have access to these missions. 
 I don't have to tell you all how big this is. 
 No member of the Senate's been convicted for treason since 1797. But how? 
 The senate intelligence briefing room is secure. 
 No documents. Not even notes can be taken out. 
 Well, that's where all of you come in. 
 Each of you will use your not to gain access to a targeted senator. 
 Jai's running point on this. 
 Okay. Read-in privileges. 
 There are none. This is completely off book. 
 If the senate knew we were spying on them in their own backyard, we'd have another Fisa situation. 
 Why are we doing it? 
 Because you're young and you're nobody. 
 You'll fit in perfectly on Capitol Hill. 
 [Intriguing music] 
 Who'd ya get? 
 Darton. 
 Lame duck facing ethics charges. 
 I like my chances. I got Wallenberg. 
 Isn't he the only one who opposed the war? 
 Oh, yeah. Who'd you get? 
 Jarvis. 
 Gil Jarvis. 
 The committee chair. 
 [laughs] He's not the leak. 
 Joan basically said that. 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Senator Jarvis's office. 
 Please hold. 
 Can I help you? 
 Annie Walker. 
 I'm here from the Smithsonian to switch out the art. 
 As a courtesy every term, we make pieces available to members of the museum's board of regents... 
 Like the senator. 
 But you don't have an appointment. 
 My office should have called ahead... can I see? 
 I was hostess at the Palm in Miami for two summers. 
 Well, who do I talk to? 
 You must be the Smithsonian gal. 
 I'm Gil Jarvis. Good to meet you. 
 Annie Walker. Thanks for making time for me, Senator. 
 My pleasure. 
 But you have to thank my lovely wife Madeline. 
 That's her lovely desk. 
 She's in charge of the way things look around here. 
 Come with me. 
 Now, you don't want to hang around too long. 
 She'll try to give you a makeover. 
 Not that you need one. 
 Please. 
 She did this room. There's no wet bar. 
 [Annie laughs] 
 I just think Washington has had its fill of drunken senators. 
 Madeline Jarvis. Annie Walker. 
 Finally, a woman who's interested in something more than politics. 
 The Smithsonian called about you this morning. 
 Welcome. Thank you. 
 Senator, they're ready for you. 
 Ashley, this is Annie Walker from the Smithsonian. 
 She's gonna be taking things down and puttin' stuff up. 
 Hi. Ashley Briggs. Chief of staff. 
 [Laughs] Hi. I have that exact same sweater. 
 Good taste. 
 Annie. How do we get our hands on Wyeth's whooping crane piece? 
 I think it would be a perfect vertical for the reception area. 
 Teachers union and Pakistan.Uh...huh. 
 Uh...I'll find out. Andrew Wyeth. 
 No. N.C. Wyeth. Not the other one. 
 I said the whooping crane piece. 
 Y You do know the collection, don't you? 
 Actually, we have nature paintings from both Wyeth in our collection,  but I will make sure that you get the right one. 
 What's after the meetin'? 
 I need to freshen you on Pakistan, and we can do the rundown on the way to your 5:00 P.M. intel briefing. 
 Excellent. Ladies. 
 We're on our way. Annie. 
 Somethin' with animals. 
 You know, I just... I just love animals. Yeah. 
 You treat them like eggs! 
 Well, they're borrowed as. 
 I don't want to be the one to break 'em. 
 [Walkie-talkie feedback] 
 Hey, Jimmy. Frederico. 
 Yeah, we gotta make sure custodial hits Jarvis's good tonight. 
 Yeah, we got plaster on the carpet. 
 [Indistinct in earpiece] 
 Oh, right, it's Tuesday. 
 Okay, well, tell him to hit it good in the morning then. 
 Frederico, what happens in senator Jarvis's office on Tuesdays? 
 He work late that night. 
 I know he has a 5:00 P.M. briefing, but then what? 
 All they say is no noisy vacuum. 
 Oh. So you're not allowed in there at all. 
 [Beep] No. But they clean his office two times, on Wednesday early in the morning, and later time tonight. 
 You look perplexed. 
 Perplexed? 
 Puzzled. Confused. 
 In need of a drink with a coworker. 
 I can't. 
 Jarvis has a secret meeting in his office Tuesday nights after the intel briefing. 
 I have to find out who's invited and what goes on. 
 Ah. And you think you're going to find an answer doodling... 
 Curly, twirly thingies? 
 Pinwheels. No. 
 You're right. 
 I have to go back, don't I? 
 If you want answers, you have to dig. 
 Remember, these senators aren't gods. 
 They wanna be liked and they wanna succeed. 
 They're fallible. 
 Just like you and me. 
 [Whispers] Just don't get caught. 
 It's a small painting, but it's priceless. 
 I probably just left it on his cart. 
 I'll be quick. 
 Nope. I'm not authorized. 
 If we wait till morning and it's gone, Frederico and anyone who ever stamped his time card is gonna be held accountable. 
 [Sighs] There. 
 [Beep] 
 [Woman laughs] 
 I need a swipe card duplicated so I can return the original to its rightful owner. 
 Spencer in I.T. 
 Thanks. Oh, whoa. 
 'Scuse me, ma'am. 
 Hard drives you needed, sir? 
 Oh, yeah, thank you. Can you put them on the table? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Ahem. 
 I'm playing catcher on Operation Goliath. 
 That's for that high-threat tribal leader. 
 What's his name? Touraj Nasir. 
 He's holed up on a compound on the pak-afghan border. 
 I'm dealing with incoming chatter and handling logistics. 
 Right now I am bingeing on power drinks because, with a ten-hour time difference, I'm gonna be here all night. 
 You're oddly mesmerizing. 
 [Laughs] So the legend goes. 
 Can I ask you a question about men? 
 Mm-mm. Way too general a question for me to sign off on. 
 Do most men cheat on their spouses? 
 Where are you going with this? 
 My brother-in-law said he was gonna be in the office all day, and then I saw him walk out of a hotel this afternoon. 
 Hmm. Power nap? 
 I'm serious. 
 Well, maybe he had a lunch there. 
 At 4:00 P.M.? 
 I... 
 I'm looking for an August? 
 Yep, right here. You from S.A.D.? 
 Yes, sir. 
 I've got the Landsat thematic mapping you requested. 
 Spencer in I.T. 
 No, I already have the Landsat calculations. 
 I need NGA to send me Aster data. 
 Got it? 
 Okay. I guess he's gone. 
 Two more senators cleared. Pack is thinning. 
 Now we know Jarvis isn't only corruptible but vulnerable. 
 Hmm. Little too vulnerable. 
 Nice diggin'. I did a little on my own. 
 Ashley's not his first, I take it. 
 Not even his third. 
 He uses cash for most of the mistress upkeep, like jewelry and vacations. 
 But he can't seem to resist using membership cards to get points at the restaurants. 
 Classy. 
 Current squeeze Ashley rowed all four years at Colgate. 
 Her bank statements show membership dues at the Congressional Rowing Club. 
 I'll pay her a visit, do a little girl bonding. 
 Oh, remember. 
 Jarvis holds the CIA purse strings. 
 If you're wrong about Ashley Briggs, it's a misfire. 
 If you're wrong about Jarvis, we'll be lucky to get funding for Commodore 64s. 
 Good luck. 
 Thanks. 
 Thanks for that. 
 Hey, Auggie, man, we hear it's gridlock down there. 
 Yeah, we did a sweep at 0700, and the marcbot four found an ied. 
 They're clearing it now. Visibility? 
 New moon. Satellite images show there won't be any cloud cover. 
 A clear pitch black night. Perfect. 
 Welcome to my world. 
 Hey, uh...What else you got cookin'? 
 Who's using my iTunes account? 
 I told you he'd figure it out. 
 We may have downloaded a few tunes. 
 [Upbeat music] 
 Ashley Briggs? 
 The Smithsonian girl. 
 With the sweater. Annie Walker. Yeah. 
 Well, you can't be rowing in sneakers. 
 No. I was running. Well, jogging. 
 Actually, walk-jogging. It's a good workout. 
 [Chuckles] Well... 
 This is the worst part of rowing, so... 
 Where's an unpaid intern when you need him? 
 Right. 
 Thanks. 
 Up here? 
 Yeah. 
 You wanna get some coffee? 
 Yeah, sure. 
 Aw... 
 Remember when mom used to put little notes in our lunches? 
 I never got a note. 
 Awkward. 
 I guess she loved me more. 
 Hey, hey! No hitting, girls. 
 Um, I'm gonna try to make it home for their bedtime, but, um... 
 I won't keep them up. 
 What's the paper he's working on? 
 A Johns Hopkins study about asthma. 
 He seems stressed. 
 Yeah, poor guy. 
 He has to work out of the Baltimore campus, which adds two hours to his commute every day. 
 So he's in Baltimore every day? 
 Yeah. 
 Auggie. I'm filing a request with the S.A.D. 
 To cancel your loan to them for Operation Goliath. 
 Why? 
 Because I need you. 
 What for? 
 Well, I can't tell you until the S.A.D. gives you back. 
 Don't take me off of Goliath. 
 Why? 
 Because I need to diversify and prove my value outside the DPD. 
 You don't care about inter-agency politics, and you don't need to... You've got this place wired. 
 Joan, Goliath is personal. 
 They're guys from my old unit. 
 I didn't know that. 
 Well, it'd mean a lot to me. 
 Yeah. Of course. 
 Of course, Auggie. 
 Good luck. 
 So I said, "darling, it's like sitting on the beach "trying to count the grains of sand. 
 "All you're gonna get accomplished is getting sunburn on your shoulders and sand up your bum." 
 [Laughs] I wish I could have been there. 
 Wishing for something has nothing to do with getting it accomplished. 
 Excuse me, Mrs. Jarvis, I was able to locate that painting you wanted. 
 Oh, thank you! 
 But can I deal with it later? 
 Much later. We have a double date to get ready for. 
 Art can wait. 
 [Laughs] Tina, this is Annie. 
 She's from the Smithsonian. 
 Mrs. Varma is the wife of the Indonesian ambassador. 
 We were vandy girls, back in the day. 
 And we still are. Come on, Maddie. 
 Oh! So Annie, I'll see you tomorrow then? 
 Yes, ma'am, I will see you tomorrow morning. 
 Hello, Tina. 
 Ashley. 
 Madeline, darling, we're late for our luncheon. 
 We're gonna lose our reservation. 
 I'm coming, I'm coming. 
 Not a fan? 
 She is Madeline's one-woman support group. 
 I suppose I shouldn't resent it, but every time they go out, the Florida taxpayers foot the bill. 
 Tax dollars at work. 
 And guess who has to justify it on the expense report? 
 How 'bout we go rack up our own bill? 
 We'll have another beer. 
 Oh, and I'll have yet another Margarita. 
 Please. And hold the salt. 
 Did you know this place was a hangout for spooks? 
 Like CIA? 
 Mm...hmm. 
 At least we'll know the guys are full of crap. 
 What is it about this town? 
 Everybody here parties like they're still in college. 
 We need it. Our days are pressure-filled. 
 You got a lotta steam to let off. 
 You think Tina Varma and Madeline Jarvis are on their third round by now? 
 [Giggles] 
 What? 
 [Laughs] Tina Varma is a gold digger. 
 [Giggling] She married ambassador Varma because when they go to Indonesia for his home visits, she gets treated like royalty, and here she gets to live on other people's expense accounts. 
 Ah! Oh... 
 Booty text. 
 At 11:30. 
 [Laughs] Oh... 
 So romantic. 
 Wait. He wants to come over now? 
 Now. He's 25. He expects me to go over there! 
 I just throw the young ones back. 
 I think senator Jarvis likes you. 
 W...Why do you say that? 
 I don't know, it's just like... 
 The way he looks at you. 
 It's nice, like he really respects you. 
 He probably wishes he wasn't married. 
 [Laughs] 
 Cone of silence? 
 Of course. 
 Their marriage is not what it seems. 
 He told me. 
 He's lonely. 
 Well, I...  I think he was.  Lonely, I mean. 
 You are in love with him? 
 Oh, my... [giggles] He is... Amazing. He's so sweet, funny, and the most brilliant man I have ever met. 
 
 
 
 He's gonna leave her after the election. 
 When do you have time to get together? 
 Every Tuesday night. 
 And Sunday afternoon, we have a sort of...date. 
 That's the most Washington thing I've ever heard. 
 [Whispers] You schedule your affair! 
 Mm, mm! 
 Can we see a menu? 
 Please? And can we get like some chips and salsa? 
 Thanks. 
 [Both giggling] 
 Ashley copped to the affair, and I think... 
 If she were the leak, she wouldn't breathe a word of it, right? 
 Well, not necessarily. How drunk did you get her? 
 She got there all on her own. 
 Hey, can you run a name for me? 
 Yeah. 
 Tina Varma. 
 She's the wife of the Indonesian ambassador. 
 Maybe Joan's right. 
 Maybe senator Jarvis is being blackmailed. 
 That's a big leap. 
 And it requires indisputable proof. 
 Indisputable. Got it. 
 [Beep] 
 [Keys jingling] 
 [Beep] 
 [Beep] 
 Hello. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Beep] 
 I just emailed you a draft of a memo I found in Madeline's desk. 
 She must have written it. 
 It's a resignation speech from the senator. 
 He says he's gonna quit because Ashley sold our secrets. 
 Jai, the senator's not the leak. 
 Ashley's not the leak. His wife's the leak. 
 And she's gonna frame Ashley for it. 
 Is that indisputable enough for ya? 
 Annie, you just hooked a whale. 
 The white house wants to be read-in on this in real time, Joan. How'd she do it? 
 How'd she access this information? 
 You'll know when I know. 
 What's your game plan? 
 Are you on top of all the... on top of a leak from the head of the senate intelligence committee? 
 For Christ's sake, Marty. 
 We're the head of this investigation. 
 I'm not doing this jurisdictional pissing match with you. 
 Can we get some coffee? 
 Our people will tail Madeline Jarvis. 
 When she hands off more intel, we will discreetly bring her in. 
 Then we will turn her. 
 She will work for us. 
 She will feed bogus traceable intel to her contacts, whoever they may be. 
 We're going to let her contacts walk away. 
 Marty, when you're in charge of an investigation, you can say book 'em and round up whoever you want. 
 But right now, we're gonna follow this pipeline of information as far as we can so that when we do a takedown, we make sure we get everyone. 
 Now, at 50 meters to the structure, you split into three teams... 
 One at the southwest corner, one at the northwest corner, and the other to the front. 
 And we suspended all flybys for those 20 minutes. 
 We have a convoy of backup vehicles in Peshawar at the ready. 
 Hey, we are good to go, bro. 
 I'm ready to start chilling with my $62' worth of country music you bought me. 
 Come on, man. Not even bluegrass? 
 Straight up American country. 
 Hoo! [laughing] 
 Later, bro. 
 My brother-in-law is definitely lying to my sister. 
 How do you know? 
 He said he was gonna be in Baltimore all day, then I saw him walk out of a hotel in D.C. 
 Well, maybe she knows, and she's just looking the other way. 
 The woman who knows and looks the other way is an urban myth. 
 What's up with you? 
 Nothing. 
 You're... usually funnier. 
 S.A.D. wants Nasir alive. 
 That's the imperative based on the newest chatter. 
 He has a cell in Turkey, and I'm stuck at a desk at the DPD trying to help my guys pull off a pretty tricky mission. 
 You're gonna nail it. 
 You weren't on the call when they found out I was point man. 
 I heard the hesitation in their voices. 
 Your sense of hearing is overdeveloped. 
 Those guys love you like a brother,  and you are very, very good at your job. 
 Since when did you start giving inspirational speeches? 
 Since you went on loan to the S.A.D. 
 [Laughing] 
 [Car horn honks] 
 Cabbie is en route to the capitol grill. 
 Yeah. 
 Man : Taxi. Taxi. 
 Man : Taxi. 
 Michael? 
 You're supposed to be chained to your desk an hour from here. 
 It's not what you think. 
 Well, I wanna know what it really is, but not right now. 
 Please. Don't say anything to Danielle. 
 [Background chatter] 
 [Dinner music in background] 
 Now, I know this has been hard on you, Maddie, but you couldn't just sit on your hands. 
 Trust me, we'll come through on our part. 
 Good-bye, darling. 
 'Scuse me. 
 I don't think my lunch date's gonna show. 
 I'm sorry for taking up the table. 
 Mrs. Jarvis? 
 Annie! 
 Please, come, sit down. 
 Did you just get here? 
 I haven't paid yet. I could get you something. 
 Thank you. I won't be long. 
 Is there a problem at the museum? 
 Don't tell me we're not getting the Wyeth. 
 Mrs. Jarvis, I'm not... from the Smithsonian. 
 Of course you are. 
 No. 
 I'm afraid I'm not. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I need you to come with me to Langley. 
 Langley? 
 There are some people there who need to talk with you. 
 There's a car waiting out front. 
 I'm calling my attorney. 
 If you call your lawyer, this becomes a legal matter with public documents. 
 Or we can handle it discreetly. 
 We're bringing in your husband now. 
 We need to know what you passed, Madeline... all of it. 
 I have field agents and operatives whose lives hang in the balance here, not to mention Ashley Briggs, whose life... 
 It wasn't my idea... To pin it on Ashley. 
 Was it Tina Varma's? 
 She said I needed to take my life back into my own hands. 
 She told me no one would get hurt. 
 And you believed her. 
 I worked as a teacher to put Gil through law school. 
 We built his career together. 
 I stood by his side through the county elections and the state elections... 
 Endless fundraisers and speeches. 
 All for the dream we had together. 
 Until he cheated on you. 
 He changed. 
 His priorities changed. 
 Madeline... 
 Just for a moment, let's be two women... 
 Who are married to powerful men, okay? 
 What your husband did to you is terrible. 
 But what is really crushing is that pushing Ashley Briggs out of the way wouldn't solve anything. 
 Because another woman would just come along. 
 And that's why you did it, isn't it? 
 Because you wanted to hurt him irreparably. 
 You wanted to kill his career. 
 I just wanted him to come back home with us to Gainesville. 
 I wanted it to be like it was when we first got married. 
 That's not a marriage. That's a honeymoon. 
 Ashley was the last mistress Madeline Jarvis was willing to tolerate. 
 Now you have to tell Ashley to take the fall. 
 Excuse me? 
 The Indonesians need to believe that their plan is up and running. 
 That way we can use Madeline to feed false information and trace where it goes. 
 Ashley has to be taken into custody for espionage, Annie. 
 We're gonna give her a new life. 
 All she did was get involved with the wrong guy. 
 Who was married. Who was her boss. 
 Think of her as a cautionary tale. 
 Workplace romances always complicate it, Annie, no matter how common it is. 
 We are go-no-go fellas. 
 Stay frosty. 
 I have to tell a perfectly nice girl that one bad romance has ruined her name. 
 Your sister? 
 No. 
 But I like where your head's at. 
 Oh, uh, I would love to hear about your mission, but not today... Goliath's in position. 
 Oh. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah! Today, Annie Walker, I am a...Closer. 
 Thanks. 
 For what? 
 You're all fired up when those guys are depending on you to be. 
 So what are you thanking me for? 
 For inspiring me to look at the bigger picture. 
 Ashley? 
 Hey, Annie. 
 We need to talk. 
 Tell me none of this is happenin'. 
 I told Tina about all the affairs... 
 You had, Gil. 
 So many years of lies. 
 Ashley was the final straw for me. 
 But Tina promised me no one would get hurt. 
 Honey, how could she promise you anything? 
 She did not know what the hell she was doin'. 
 It was just scraps of information. 
 If it was just scraps of information... 
 You wouldn't be sitting here. 
 Joan, can I talk with you outside? 
 Joan. 
 What are you doing? I was in the middle of... 
 If the Indonesians frame Ashley, she'll contest it in court. 
 It'll be messy. Public. 
 [Sighs] Right. 
 Right. She's a loose end. 
 So they frame her, then they get rid of her. 
 Make it look like an accident or a suicide. 
 I sent Annie to the rowing club. 
 She's bringing her in right now. 
 You're telling me to call in backup, right? 
 This is the moment you choose to appreciate the chain of command? 
 Go. 
 Madeline Jarvis has been passing state secrets to the Indonesian government. 
 She's at Langley now being debriefed. 
 She was gonna frame you for treason, Ashley. 
 That's impossible. 
 No, it's not. 
 It's sick, but it's not impossible. 
 How? 
 And how would she convince anyone that I did it? 
 You took handwritten notes when he came back from intelligence briefings. 
 Senator Jarvis had you compare missions estimates with back-of-the-envelope calculations you could find. 
 He'd have you find the cost of, say, a helicopter. 
 In the event that it was destroyed during an operation, it needed to be replaced. 
 But it meant he was revealing pieces of highly protected information. 
 All she had to do was compare your handwritten notes and your history of internet searches. 
 And the only evidence of any leak or notes... 
 In my handwriting. 
 Right. 
 Madeline told me she sold intel on four fully funded missions... 
 Operation Cauldron, Operation Side Alley, Operation Goliath, and Operation Blackjack. 
 Keep me apprised of the sandstorm. 
 If it picks up any more velocity... 
 Auggie. Operation Goliath might be compromised. 
 It's too late. 
 Why? 
 Goliath is on. 
 They went radio silent 20 minutes ago. 
 I trusted you. 
 I know. 
 It was my job to get you to trust me. 
 [Laughs] No. 
 Your job is to trick people and ruin their lives. 
 What you do for a living is far worse than anything I've ever done. 
 There are lives at stake, Ashley. 
 Put another ask in Peshawar. 
 Get us a location on Kiev four. 
 We need sustained visuals that we can't get from our surveillance drones. 
 So we're gonna piggyback onto a Russian satellite. 
 Kiev four should do it. 
 Nothing, Auggie. 
 When was your last contact with base camp? 
 17 minutes ago. 
 They're walking right into it. 
 Ashley! 
 [Metal clunks] 
 Aah! 
 The special ops unit is approaching the compound. 
 We're out of options. 
 No, we're not. Kill the drone. 
 What? 
 Smash it into the compound. 
 It's a warning. I know my guys. 
 They'll know what it means. 
 Okay. Do it. 
 Copy that. 
 When the drone hits the compound, the unit should radio in the aborted mission, right? 
 They should. 
 If they don't, it means either the drone hit my guys or they were ambushed by Nasir's men. 
 Direct hit. 
 The explosion's from inside the compound. 
 It was booby-trapped. 
 This is Alpha. We're aborting Mission Goliath. 
 Repeat... aborting Mission Goliath. 
 Copy that. 
 You okay? 
 [Sirens wailing] 
 [Tires screeching] 
 [Police radio chatter] 
 Just take nice, easy breaths. 
 That's gonna hurt for a while. 
 I don't wanna disappear. 
 You don't have to take the fall. 
 There's no game anymore. 
 I don't understand. 
 The agency wanted to follow the fake intel up the food chain... With him in custody, Tina Varma knows Madeline's working for us. 
 I don't have to give up my life? 
 No. 
 But the one I have will never be the same. 
 No. 
 It won't. 
 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. 
 I have always considered myself a patriot... 
 An honest man. 
 It is, indeed, a terrible thing... 
 To realize that you have deceived yourself. 
 It's not an affair. 
 I lost my job at brookings two months ago. 
 I didn't want to tell Danielle. 
 That explains you coming out of a hotel? 
 It was a job fair, Annie. 
 I've got a PhD in healthcare policy, and I'm handing out resumes in a ballroom. 
 We're living on savings now. 
 What am I supposed to tell her? 
 The truth. 
 My sister's a better person than you're giving her credit for. 
 I don't want to lose her. 
 Then don't lie to her. 
 My wife faces charges of treason. 
 My chief of staff faces public shame and damage to her career that cannot be undone. 
 And so I humbly apologize... 
 To my wife, to my chief of staff, my constituents, my supporters, and to the country that I love... 
 But am no longer worthy to serve. 
 My resignation is immediate, my shame...Unending. 
 And I can only pray that at some point in the future... 
 You find the power to forgive. 
 ♪ what would we be without wishful thinking ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 