Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - The Wake-Up Bomb - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - The Wake-Up Bomb https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15137 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/03/11 00:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - The Wake-Up Bomb 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Cell phone ringing] 
 This is Danielle. Leave a message. 
 [Beep] 
 Hello, again. 
 I was hoping to talk to you before I left town. 
 I know you have a million questions. 
 So here I am, giving you the skinny. 
 I can't give you too many details, of course, but I can tell you enough to give you the gist. 
 For starters, what I do is not like what you see in the movies. 
 I've been in a place for over a week now that's famous for its sightseeing, and I've mostly been stuck in my hotel room, waiting. 
 I do a lot of waiting, actually. 
 Give my love to the girls. 
 I'll call you back later. 
 [Bell tolling] 
 [Silenced gunshot] 
 [Silenced gunshot] 
 Aah! 
 Oh! 
 It's okay. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Groans] 
 [Man shouts in italian] 
 [Bells tolling] 
 [Apple Trees and Tangerines'  Can You Save Me?] 
 ♪ Covert Affairs 02x11 ♪ 
The Wake-Up Bomb 
Original Air Date on November 1, 2011 
 ♪ 
♪ Can you save me ♪ 
♪ from this nothing I've become? ♪ 
♪ it's just something that I've done ♪ 
♪ I never meant to cause you worry ♪ 
♪ don't you blame me ♪ 
♪ for this nothing I've become ♪ 
♪ it's just something that I've done ♪ 
♪ I never meant to show you my mistakes ♪ 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 Milk, two sugars. 
 [Chuckles] How do you always know it's me? 
 Hey, you want to talk about that injury? 
 Your arm feels about 20% weaker than I remember, and I detected a wince. 
 It's just a muscle pull. I'm fine. 
 Really. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I had that package in my grasp, Auggie. 
 I can still feel it slipping through my fingers. 
 Annie, these things happen. 
 Not to me. 
 It seems like I'm on a bit of a losing streak. 
 Okay, this self-flagellation-- is this about the package or your sister? 
 Oh, things with Danielle are fine. 
 Yeah? 
 Yeah. 
 I think she will let me move back into the house if I can just get her to answer her phone. 
 Hey, Jai. 
 Hey. 
 Wow. 
 Yeah. 
 [Scoffs] I've fallen so far out of favor even Jai can sense it. 
 Jai's got troubles of his own, and you're not out of favor. 
 Nobody bats 1.000 around here. Joan knows that. 
 Okay. 
 But she did ask to see you in her office the second you got back. 
 [Knock at door] 
 You wanted to see me? 
 Yes. That bag that you lost-- was there anything inside it we need to be concerned about? 
 No. Uh, I already submitted the inventory-- just some cash and a phony travel itinerary. 
 Okay, great. Thanks, Annie. 
 Was that all you wanted to see me about? 
 That's all. 
 About what happened... 
 I've been thinking a lot about it and what I could've done differently-- 
 It's okay. We already got the information we needed from another source. 
 Another source? 
 That's why we build redundancy into the system-- in case things don't go according to plan. 
 I see. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Uh, so what next? 
 Nothing just yet. 
 You should take this opportunity to recharge your batteries. 
 That's not necessary. 
 You don't get bonus points for a stiff upper lip, Annie. 
 Go home and rest up. 
 So? 
 So she said, "good job," and sent me home to rest up. 
 I'm gonna try and not read too much into that. 
 Don't. Go take care of your wince. 
 You have some place to stay? 
 You mean besides Joan's doghouse? 
 Annie. 
 You know how you keep telling me to set up a safe house? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, it's finally happened. 
 I sign the lease tonight. 
 [Cell phone ringing] 
 [Grunts] 
 Hi! 
 Oh, hey. 
 I didn't know if you'd be back yet. 
 I got back this morning. 
 So you found a place to stay, I hope. 
 I did, yes. 
 Good. Um, I'm--I'm glad. 
 I'm glad you're glad. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Uh, hey, I know it's movie night tonight. 
 I told the girls last week that we could watch, um-- 
 Uh, listen, you know, I need you to, um, move your stuff out of the guesthouse. 
 I'm gonna be showing it to a few potential tenants. 
 Sure, uh, I understand. 
 I can come by right now, if you want. 
 Yeah. 
 No, tonight's not good. 
 But, uh, before the end of the week, okay? 
 Okay. 
 Okay, bye. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Cell phone beeps] 
 Hey, Cam, wait up. 
 You were asking me about poker this month. 
 I'm not hosting. 
 Ah, don't worry about that. 
 Good. My wife's still on my ass about the last time. 
 I need to know where the intelligence committee is on the leak investigation. 
 You know I can't divulge that, not even for an old fraternity brother. 
 I don't need details, just a top-level view. 
 We're shutting down the investigation, end of this week. 
 Shutting it down? 
 Yeah, for an agency that reportedly can't keep its mouth shut, no one seems to want to tell us anything. 
 Well, I want to tell you something. 
 We're not taking any more depositions. 
 My boss thinks the whole thing is toxic. 
 He wants to put it behind him. 
 Call me in. 
 I swear it will be worth the committee's time to hear what I have to say. 
 I hear you're getting stymied in the D.P.D., that Arthur's threatening to farm you out to Phoenix. 
 Is that true? 
 What does that have to do with anything? 
 I'm just saying, it's my rep on the line here. 
 So, if you're coming in because you got an ax to grind-- 
 I know where the bodies are buried on this one, Cam, and who did the shoveling. 
 I can name names. 
 Trust me. 
 You like? 
 Mm. I do... Very much so. 
 [Speaking Basque] 
 That book you're reading... 
 Is it good? 
 Not particularly, no. 
 Great. Then, uh... 
 If I ask you to keep me company tonight, you won't be missing anything. 
 Ex-arte? 
 Et-sharte. More "sh" than "ex." 
 Etxarte. 
 Bueno.  And you said you don't speak any Basque. 
 What does it mean? 
 It's the name of my family. 
 It's very common there.  Etxe  in Basque means home. 
 Arte,  between. "A home between." 
 Like a place neither here nor there. 
 Like a home away from home. 
 Yes, like a home away from home. 
 I like this. 
 Everybody here is either from someplace else or on their way to someplace else. 
 It can make us feel very alone in the world. 
 You need a place that you can call home, even if it's only a restaurant. 
 Does what I say make any sense to you? 
 [Chuckles] 
 Yeah. 
 I can tell you're good with languages. 
 It's your lips. 
 You have a very supple mouth. 
 [Chuckles] Does my directness embarrass you? 
 My mother told me to be careful with men like you. 
 One of those bad-boy chefs, right? 
 All chefs are bad boys. We play with knives and fire. 
 We stay up all night. We drink way too much. 
 The tattoos, the ego... 
 And we like to surround ourselves with beauty. 
 Oh, I didn't realize how late it was getting. I should go. 
 No, no, no, no, no. You must stay for dessert-- almond and cherry tart. 
 The cherries I fly in from an orchard down the river from my childhood home. 
 [Sighs] 
 It looks fantastic. 
 And you must have some Izarra to go with it. 
 Uh, I don't know. Um-- 
 You can't have cherry tart without Izarra. 
 I will share it with you. 
 Do you remember the first time you tasted cherry? 
 I don't know. 
 Close your eyes. 
 Let the taste transport you. 
 Mmm. 
 [Dog panting] 
 Buenos dias. 
 Uh,  buenos dias. 
 [Speaking Basque] 
 This is Gus. He likes you. 
 He's a good judge of character. 
 Here, eat. 
 Uh, I'm not hungry. What time is it? 
 It's a quarter to 6:00. 
 I'm late already for the fish market. 
 Oh, okay. 
 It's okay for you to stay. 
 You can leave whenever you like. 
 Thank you, Zavier. That's very kind of you. 
 Um, I don't mean to sound like an ungrateful hungover floozy, but what am I doing here? 
 You don't remember? 
 Not really. 
 It must have been the Izarra. 
 Oh, the Izarra. Yeah, yeah. 
 That and half a dozen painkillers. 
 That's not a good combination. 
 No, apparently not. 
 Don't worry. Nothing happened. 
 How did I get here, then? 
 You were a little bit wobbly. 
 I tried to take you home, but you became very adamant about me not seeing it. 
 You are married, yes? 
 No. 
 You live with someone, then? 
 No. 
 Um, where are my pants? 
 [Grunts softly] 
 You took them off yourself. 
 Like I said, stay as long as you like. 
 Just, uh, do me a favor and tell the doorman downstairs that you're leaving, so he can lock up. Okay. 
 And eat the omelet. It's good for the hangover. 
 Adios. 
 How was dinner last night? 
 I hear the octopus is sensational. 
 How did you-- 
 Our friends at the C.N.I. took this. 
 You realize operatives are not permitted to date foreigners, don't you? 
 I--this is not what it looks like. 
 And why is Spanish intelligence following me? 
 They weren't. They were following him. 
 Zavier Etxarte. 
 Why? 
 He's a chef. 
 He's a former member of the E.T.A., Annie-- a Basque separatist. 
 And he's still in contact with suspected terrorists. 
 Terrorists? Zavier? 
 You wanted to know what's next? 
 Well, this is it. Zavier is your new op. 
 It's a tale of two brothers. Zavier and Gorka Etxarte. 
 They joined the  Euskadi Ta Askatasuna  together at the ages of 18 and 16 respectively. 
 In 2003, a cell of ETA terrorists was rounded up in connection with the kidnapping of a provincial government official. 
 Gorka was convicted of conspiracy to commit murder. 
 Zavier was arrested but never charged. 
 He emigrated to the states in 2005, found his new calling in the kitchen, and decided to open his own restaurant here in D.C. just one month ago. 
 And just two blocks away from the Spanish embassy. 
 Precisely. 
 C.N.I. believe that's exactly why he chose that location. 
 What about Gorka? 
 That's kind of why we're here. 
 Gorka was released from prison three weeks ago. 
 C.N.I. has been monitoring his activities in Bilbao. 
 ETA's never been shy about calling their shots. 
 Has the embassy received any threats? 
 No, but Basque Soldier's Day is being commemorated later this week. 
 Historically, the Spanish have seen an uptick in violent activity. 
 I thought ETA declared a permanent cease-fire. 
 Yep, for the third time this decade. 
 Auggie, I want you to put together a team to sift through Zavier's restaurant-- his employees, his purveyors, his customers, and investors. 
 Follow the money, and don't even think about lunch until I get a status report. 
 Lunch? 
 You'll have it by brunch. 
 Annie, I want you to stick close to Zavier. 
 See what, if anything, pops up, at least through the holiday. 
 Uh, Joan, I'm sorry, but, uh-- 
 You know, that's not what I like to hear after giving a directive. 
 I realize that. However, um... 
 I just wasn't clear about the directive. 
 "Stick close to Zavier"? 
 He works, like, 30 hours a day in a really busy restaurant. 
 The only time I could see him would be late, late at night. 
 So what's the problem? 
 The problem is... 
 You know, Latin men. 
 Not as well as you do, apparently. 
 If I go back to see him tonight, he's going to assume I intend to sleep with him. 
 Let's be perfectly clear. 
 I'm not asking you to sleep with anyone. 
 I'm asking you to locate and assess a potential threat. 
 How you do that is up to you. 
 Larry, do you mind? 
 I need a little bonding time with my son here. 
 You can't possibly be this obtuse. 
 Dad, I really don't want to talk about this here. 
 You ask--  ask  to be deposed? 
 How could you know that? 
 Do you think blowing your little whistle is gonna gain you favor in the Agency? 
 The people slapping your back today for being so honest and forthright will be the same ones who won't share another piece of information with you because they know now you like to talk. 
 I didn't expect you to understand. 
 I get it. You're frustrated. 
 Arthur shut you out, and I'm not in position yet to be there for you. 
 If you can just sit tight... 
 Come on. 
 For a little more time, it's all going to work out. 
 But if you finger me as the leak-- 
 You think I want to do this... to my own father? 
 Don't put yourself in that position, son. 
 I don't have a choice. 
 Our national security has been compromised. 
 I'm just trying to do my part to repair the breach... 
 For my country and my conscience. 
 For your country and conscience? 
 Who talks like that? 
 Did you not learn anything from me? 
 I guess not. 
 It's hard to believe sometimes you're actually my son. 
 I'm warning you, I'm no Julia Child. 
 You don't have to be for this. 
 Thanks again for showing me how to make the eggs. 
 You had a craving. I understand. 
 I'm not keeping you from anything, am I? 
 At 1:00 in the morning, no. 
 I'm all yours. 
 That's it? 
 That's it. 
 Now we just need to figure out how to kill half an hour. 
 What's this? 
 This is me covering up a big mistake. 
 I made some bad decisions when I was young. 
 How bad? 
 Bad enough to co me a year of freedom. 
 That's where I learned how to cook, actually... 
 In prison. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You can run away in horror now, if you like. 
 I understand. 
 No. I'm okay. 
 That's what I like most about being a chef. 
 Every day I get to make a thousand small decisions-- what pan to use, how much salt, how much flame. 
 And I can make the right ones. 
 I can actually taste when I make the right decision. 
 Alone, none of them can make up for the past. 
 But all together, it's a start. 
 I forgot something. 
 Not the Izarra. 
 No, uh, creme fraiche. 
 I'll be right back. 
 [Corks pops] 
 [Man whistles] 
 [Speaking Basque] 
 Oh! 
 I didn't know you had company. 
 Uh, Annie, this is my-- 
 Juan, an old friend. 
 Hola.  I'm Annie. 
 Hi. So nice to meet you. 
 So I should get another glass. We're celebrating... 
 Old acquaintances and, uh, new friends. 
 No. No, no, that's okay. 
 No, you should try it. I brought a couple of cases. 
 It's Cava from Catalonia. It's really, really nice. 
 You'd like it. 
 Uh, you know, I should leave you guys alone to catch up. 
 I think that's a good idea. 
 No, no. You shouldn't, uh, not on my account. 
 Any friend of Zavier is a friend of mine. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I'm sorry for the interruption. 
 But, uh, get your purse, and we can continue this lesson some other time? 
 Of course. Bye, Juan. 
 So nice to meet you.  Vaya con dios,  Annie. 
 The brother who just got out of jail... 
 Yeah? 
 He's not in Bilbao anymore. 
 
 
 
 [Alarm clock beeping] 
 [Sighs] 
 [Cell phone beeps] 
 Hello, Sunshine. How's the safe house? 
 Feeling safe? 
 I now know why nobody sleeps on a futon after college. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Rough night's sleep, huh? 
 I started making a list of the things I realize I need. 
 I need a bed. I need a microwave. 
 And I need a bottle opener. 
 I really need a bottle opener. 
 You definitely need a bottle opener. 
 Where are we at with Gorka? 
 Well, we're making progress. Garcia trailed the brothers back to Zavier's apartment last night. 
 Zavier left at 5:30 for the produce market. 
 Gorka set off about ten minutes ago with two unidentified men of Spanish origin. 
 And it appears that they're casing the embassy and possible escape routes. 
 Did, uh, Gorka have his bag with him? 
 What bag? 
 Gorka had a duffel bag when he came into the restaurant last night. Is it on him? 
 Hold on a second. 
 He does not have the bag with him in the car. 
 I bet it's in Zavier's apartment. 
 Okay. I'm setting up a cleaning crew to go in and search for it now. 
 I can do it. I know the layout. 
 No. That is a negatory, Annie. 
 That is too compromising. 
 I-I'm five minutes out, and I have a way in. 
 Do you have a better plan? 
 [Sighs] 
 You remember me from the other day? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Good. 
 Listen, I could really use your help with something. 
 I need to get into Mr. Etxarte's apartment. 
 Uh, you can call Mr. Z and have him give me the okay. 
 It's kind of embarrassing, actually. 
 I left my ring upstairs... 
 The ring my husband gave me when we got married. 
 Here you go. 
 I will just be a minute. 
 Uh, no. I'm coming in with you too. 
 Oh, Mr. Vahidi, could you help me, please? 
 My cable's out again. 
 I'll be right back. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Oh. 
 Hey, Gus. Hi! 
 That's a good boy. 
 I'm in. 
 Roger that. 
 Stay on the line until you clear out of there. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 Annie, I need you to wrap things up in there. 
 Okay, just a second. I'm almost finished. 
 We lost our visual on Gorka. 
 I found it-- 
 [Chuckles] 
 Hi. Annie, right? 
 Right. 
 What are you doing here, Annie? 
 I forgot my ring, but I found it. 
 Does Zavier know you're here? 
 I didn't want to bother him. 
 Yes, Zavier doesn't like to be bothered, so it would probably be best like this. 
 It's embarrassing enough. I should probably go. 
 Have we met before, Annie? 
 Before last night? 
 No, I don't-- 
 I don't think so. 
 I felt the same, but then I saw this flash of recognition in your face. 
 Was I mistaken? 
 No, it's just, um... 
 You look like a friend of mine. 
 Yeah? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Zavier mentioned you just moved into the neighborhood. 
 Is that right? 
 Yeah. 
 I hear it's a pretty dangerous neighborhood. 
 [Gus barking] 
 Sorry about that. 
 What's going on here? Who are you? 
 Any word on Gorka yet? 
 Disappeared again. 
 I think he may be part vapor. 
 The pictures you found, by the way, piqued everyone's interest. 
 "Eduardo Riera Campillo." 
 Vice consul of the Spanish embassy. 
 And once upon a time, he was a Magistrate with the  Audiencia Nacional  in Madrid. 
 Let me guess. He ruled against Gorka's appeal. 
 Even better. He refused to hear it. 
 [Chuckles] 
 C.N.I. is moving him into a safe house temporarily, and they've begun to discreetly evacuate the embassy. 
 And what about Zavier? 
 He hasn't left the restaurant since he got back from the market. 
 Does Joan want me to go back in? 
 Don't know. FBI is on point now. 
 Permission requested to read in Zavier Etxarte as a CIA asset. 
 No. 
 Why not? 
 Because there's a strong possibility he's still an active member of a terrorist cell, and at the very least, he's been harboring a potentially dangerous person of interest. 
 He let his brother sleep on his couch. 
 Zavier's not a terrorist. He has too much to lose. 
 And you've known him for how long--two days? 
 Assets need to be vetted much more fully. 
 We might not have enough time. 
 Because this is rapidly becoming a criminal matter, I'm gonna let the Bureau handle it from here. 
 If you've been disappointed with my performance lately, I wish you'd come out and tell me. 
 What are you talking about? 
 You've been dismissive ever since I came back. 
 Annie-- 
 And you've run roughshod over every objection I've had regarding Zavier. 
 Before you continue, I'd advise you to consider where each of us rank in the hierarchy of this organization. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I don't mean to be disrespectful. 
 You're feeling down, and you're beating yourself up. 
 And that's okay. 
 I'm confident you can work through this. 
 But reading in Zavier is not gonna make up for you losing that package or for how things went with your sister. 
 This has nothing to do with my sister. 
 Are you sure about that? 
 Mr. Wilcox. 
 Yes. 
 Could you come with me, please? 
 The D.N.I. would like to talk with you. 
 Uh, could we schedule it for later? 
 I have a meeting to get to. 
 Your deposition on the hill-- we know already. 
 The D.N.I. would like a brief word beforehand. 
 Hello? 
 Zavier? 
 Annie! Hello. 
 I was just butchering some meat. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Hey. 
 Um... 
 We are the masters of bad timing, aren't we? 
 [Laughs] 
 Are you closed for lunch? 
 On Mondays, yes, I'm closed all day. 
 But I like to come in by myself to think about the menu. 
 You know? 
 I need to find your brother. 
 Do you know where Gorka is? 
 I know he's your brother, Zavier. 
 I need to find him. 
 Why do you need to find him? Who are you? 
 Are you with the FBI? 
 I can't give you all the Details, but trust me. 
 Cooperating with me will be better for you in the end than every other alternative! 
 Do you even know why he's here in D.C.? 
 You government goons are really all the same, aren't you? 
 He served his sentence already. 
 Do you understand that? 
 You have no right to hunt him down forever! 
 Zavier-- 
 A couple of laughs and a little sleepover, and you now expect me to betray my brother? 
 [Pounds wall] 
 My brother? 
 I'm asking you to do the right thing. 
 Get out of my restaurant... 
 Now. 
 [Cell phone ringing] 
 Yeah. 
 Annie, where are you right now? 
 Etxarte, kind of. 
 Why? 
 We got a tip on the safe house Gorka's guys were holing up in. 
 Before the FBI could get there, the place had been vacated. 
 But they found traces of ammonium nitrate prills and acetone peroxide powder. 
 T.A.T.P.? 
 They were building a bomb, Annie. 
 Did they find any, uh, champagne bottles? 
 What? 
 Cava bottles o-or labels? 
 Yes. 
 The cases of cava that Gorka brought you-- what did you do with them? 
 They're behind the bar. 
 I thought I told you to get out. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 You're going through my things now? 
 [Grunts] 
 This is ridiculous. I think you're paranoid. 
 Okay. 
 [Beeping] 
 Uh... 
 Go. 
 Oh! 
 [Car alarm blaring] 
 So what happened? 
 Did you forget everything the farm taught you about defusing a bomb? 
 I did... 
 Actually, when I saw that little red light blinking, and, uh... 
 There's big gap between theory and practice. 
 Well, we got lucky-- no casualties. 
 We're gonna spin it as a gas-leak explosion. 
 Supposedly sounds safer than a bomb--I don't know. 
 Did they find Gorka yet? 
 No. 
 What's gonna happen to Zavier? 
 We got to find him first. 
 Pretty sure he's not going to be a suspect anymore. 
 This was his whole life. 
 Well, on the bright side, at least your sibling's not trying to blow you up. 
 No. 
 She prefers a slower burn. 
 Well, in case you can't get home so fast, here's a safe-housewarming gift. 
 You can use it to pop your top whenever the mood strikes you. 
 Bottle opener-- cool. 
 [Chuckles] 
 If you want to practice, we can go to Allen's right now. 
 Thank you. But what I want right now is peace and quiet and a hot, hot bath. 
 Besides, my safe house is right around the corner. 
 Oh, come on, Annie. You know the rules. 
 I know. I'm not supposed to tell anybody where my safe house is. Even you? 
 That's right--even me. 
 I'm going there right now, so, if you don't want to know where it is, you better close your eyes. 
 Hey! Hey! 
 Really? 
 You no-show the deposition? 
 I tried to reach you. 
 Two hours after the fact. 
 Do you want to take a guess how much of a moron I looked like today? 
 You? What about me? 
 I'm on my way out of the building, and I get yanked into the D.N.I.'s office. 
 How the hell did he know I was coming in? 
 So what are you saying? What, that I leaked? 
 Well, somebody did. 
 You have no idea how much pressure they put on you to keep quiet. 
 You know I can slap a subpoena on you right here. 
 Do it. 
 I will "I do not recall" you to death. 
 I'll deny I told you anything. 
 They're gonna have my ass on this. 
 I'm gonna make this up to you, Cam. I promise. 
 I've played enough poker with you, Jai, to know when you're lying. 
 I just can't figure out why. 
 [Tires squealing] 
 [Sighs] 
 Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. 
 [Chuckles] I told you it was a bad neighborhood. 
 Come, let's walk. 
 Don't do anything stupid now. 
 [Tires squeal] 
 What are you doing? Where are we going? 
 Well, you are our insurance policy. 
 You see, it always helps to have a hostage... 
 In case things don't go as planned. 
 Now, a female CIA Agent? 
 That's just, you know, fantastic. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Are you really going to try to deny it? 
 You know what you look like to me? 
 You look like a girl that's been strapped to a car door before. 
 The thing is, you're way too cool. 
 [Grunts] 
 There you go. There you go. 
 That's the spirit. 
 Kick the window. See what happens. 
 [Breathing heavily] You know, the restaurant was closed. 
 Nobody was there but Zavier. 
 Zavier was in the restaurant? 
 I got him out before it blew. 
 I don't know who your target was, but no one suffered, not even a scratch. 
 How does it feel to fail so spectacularly? 
 Who said I failed? 
 The restaurant was my only target. 
 It's a message to all the  quemados. 
 You jeopardize our cause, and you will be held accountable. 
 But your brother was-- 
 Zavier stopped being my brother the day he gave me up to save his own neck. 
 These men right here... They're my brothers. 
 It's bad enough he betrays me. 
 He betrays his family. 
 But licking the hand of his Spanish masters? 
 "Oh, is the soup too hot for you, Mr. Ambassador? 
 "Maybe I should, uh, blow on it just to get the perfect temperature." 
 He's no better than a dog. 
 And he should know what it feels like to lose everything he loves. 
 [Engine revving] 
 [Tires squeal] 
 [Shouting in Basque] 
 [Tires squealing] 
 Aah! 
 Zavier! 
 I was starting a new life for the both of us! 
 Zavier! 
 Stop! 
 Stop, Zavier! Stop! 
 Are you ready to go, Mr. Wilcox? 
 Yeah, I'm ready. 
 Can I get you a cup of coffee, sir? 
 Yeah. Why not? 
 Black, two sugars. 
 Very good, sir. 
 They say the office makes the man. 
 I truly hope that is the case. 
 Hey, Dad. 
 A simple "congratulations" would suffice. 
 Three days ago, you had one foot out the door, now you're majordomo of a brand-new initiative, reporting directly to the D.N.I. 
 Bureaucracy has never worked that fast before. 
 It was a surprise to me as well. 
 You know how many strings I had to pull to get you this promotion? 
 I can't imagine. 
 All of them. 
 That's how many. 
 I hadn't realized just how low your star had fallen around here. 
 I'm a Wilcox, for better or worse. 
 The hell you are. 
 You say you have a code, a conscience? 
 Yet all it takes is a room with a view for you to chuck it away. 
 I'd rather you stand on principle and feed me to the wolves than waver so easily. 
 At least I'd know the measure of you. 
 You are the most selfish b*st*rd I know. 
 All my life, the only time you've ever done anything for anyone is if it was in your own self-interest. 
 I needed to get out from under Arthur's thumb. 
 I had to make sure that you were properly motivated to pull your strings. 
 How did you know I'd get word about your deposition? 
 I learned from the best. 
 You're playing a dangerous game here, son. 
 Keep it up. 
 I like it. 
 Oh! 
 Oh, sorry. 
 I thought I heard you up here. 
 Um, I'm just clearing out my stuff. 
 I got your message the other night--don't worry. 
 It's just gonna take me a few trips. 
 Okay, I'll leave you to it, then. 
 Um, I-- I spent so much time and energy trying to tell you why I did what I did that I never said I'm sorry. 
 And I'm sorry. 
 You're my sister and my best friend, and you don't deserve to be treated like that. 
 If you can only carry one box... Take this one. That's the stuff you're really gonna need. 
 Thank you. 
 Mm-hmm. Yeah, and, uh, you know about the... Other ones, there's no rush. 
 I thought you were trying to rent it out. 
 Yeah. No, I am. Um, but... I'm--I'm not in a hurry. It's hard to find the right person. 
 [Sighs] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 