Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - I Can't Quit You Baby - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - I Can't Quit You Baby https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15125 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/17/10 04:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - I Can't Quit You Baby 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Sensitive tooth. 
 Dentist. 
 Stop. Chloe. 
 Anyway, her class needs a replacement field trip, and she kind of volunteered you. 
 Me? 
 And the Smithsonian. 
 It would be kind of a night at the museum kind of thing,  except during the day. 
 You know Chloe. Anyway, her teacher called... when? 
 This Thursday, 8:30 to 12:00, 30 third graders, 2 teachers, a couple of moms, me. 
 That's in two days. 
 Yeah, well, it would mean a lot. 
 And I'd get to see where you work, you know, meet your peeps, this boss who works at the museum until 11:30 at night. 
 Yes, you should see where I work. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. 
 And meet my boss. 
 I'll set something up. 
 You're the best. 
 I got to go to bed. Night. 
 Mwah. 
 Ow. 
 Dentist. 
 Stop. 
 Excuse me. These are medical supplies. 
 They've already been papered and pre-cleared at the U.S. embassy in London. 
 Let's go. 
 Move it along. 
 What's his name? 
 Don Ridley. 
 Runs a medical supply house in Brooklyn. 
 Looks like a pharmacist. 
 A nervous pharmacist. 
 Guilty pharmacist. 
 His name popped up in some chatter we picked up in Angola. 
 Angola. 
 I don't understand what the problem is. 
 Can we get closer on the crate, please? 
 Rough diamonds. 
 [Screams] 
 [Shouting] 
 [Grunts] 
 Hands up. On the floor. 
 Joan, who's running the interrogation? 
 The bureau. 
 We have two guys there from the new York station, and we'll monitor from here. 
 The DNI wants us to read in Henry Wilcox on the Angola connection. 
 So if you see him wandering the halls... 
 If I see him wandering the halls, I will turn around and walk the other way. 
 The last thing we need is your old boss telling us what we're doing wrong. 
 Well, the director wants all hands on deck. 
 And with Henry's experience... 
 Henry Wilcox is a dangerous old windbag angling to come out of retirement. 
 You have just as much experience and twice as good judgment. 
 Yes, I do. 
 But in this bureaucracy, apparently that doesn't matter. 
 You look tired, Arthur. 
 I haven't been getting much sleep lately. 
 Then sleep in our bed tonight. 
 I'll be here if you need me. 
 Okay, Danielle, we are all set. 
 I need the names of all the kids and the teachers and the moms. 
 They have to make security passes. 
 And tell Chloe that it's not going to be quite  night at the museum. 
 There's no Teddy Roosevelt and mischievous monkeys. 
 At least, not to my knowledge. 
 Right. 8:30 Thursday. 
 I will meet you outside the entrance. 
 I love you too. 
 No, it feels fine. 
 Something bothering you? 
 My tooth is killing me. 
 You know, we have an excellent dental plan. 
 Which I will use when I'm sure something's wrong. 
 Oh, a yellow-bellied masochist. 
 I am not yellow-bellied. 
 Let's just say I had a few less-than-pleasant experiences with military base dentists as a kid. 
 But anyone organizing a field trip for 30 third-graders is a masochist for sure. 
 It reinforces my cover with my sister, and I couldn't say no. 
 Thank you. 
 It was my niece asking. 
 This was a must-do. 
 I had no option. 
 No. You can ask me 1,000 times. 
 I had no idea there was anything other than medical equipment in those crates. 
 He's been back and forth to London 20 times in the past eight months, each time with a prescreened manifest arranged by the U.S. Embassy. Mm...hmm. 
 Someone at the embassy's involved. 
 We're drilling down on it. 
 How much were those diamonds worth? 
 $1 1/2 million using the Rappaport scale. 
 Financing arms for Angolan insurgents, huh? 
 Well, that's our best guess now, but whatever those diamonds were financing, Ridley was the conduit, the courier. 
 Not anymore. 
 No, and that's got to be a pretty big loss to whoever was running him. Huge. 
 Wouldn't it be a wonderful thing if we could open that conduit back up? 
 What if we could replace him with one of our people? 
 You have no idea what you're getting yourself into. 
 Anything involving a third-grade class is an automatic no. 
 It's your constitutional right. 
 You can say no to line dancing, to karaoke, duck pin bowling with your aunt Louise... 
 Hey. 
 And anything coming out of Jai Wilcox's mouth. 
 Except for the next two things. 
 First, we need you in the conference room. 
 What's the second thing? 
 You can't say no to Joan's next question. 
 Annie. 
 How'd you like a trip to London? 
 Now that would be just stupid to refuse. 
 Ridley's expediter at the embassy has been a young vice-consul named Vivian Long. 
 Expediter? 
 One of the roles consular services plays is aiding U.S. businesses while working abroad. 
 They help with trade manifests, custom clearances, you name it. 
 Ms. Long had Ridley's shipment pre-papered through customs so they wouldn't be inspected. 
 Clearly giving him more help than he deserved or needed. 
 She's definitely complicit. 
 I spoke to the consul general. 
 He described her as hardworking, likable and without much of a social life. 
 An American Bridget Jones? 
 It looks like. 
 You know, she actually applied to the agency. 
 But she couldn't pass the athletic portion of the physical. 
 She doesn't look like a bad guy. 
 Well, she's certainly doing someone favors. 
 And one of those favors is going to be recruiting you. 
 Okay. Am I missing something? 
 Well, with Ridley out of commission, they'll be needing a new courier. 
 The Smithsonian constantly shifts stuff back and forth to the U.K. 
 Your cover makes you the perfect candidate to take Ridley's place. 
 It's a flip on what case officers usually do. 
 This time, you will be the mark. 
 You will be the one putting herself in a compromising position so that you can be turned and used. 
 You would be operating completely on your own. 
 Your phone will be unencrypted. 
 Everything you do, everything you're carrying will be examined by them before they approach you. 
 Now, I'll be coming over with you, but we can't have any contact. 
 It's a deep cover operation. 
 Just how are we planning on compromising me? 
 Your file says you enjoy playing craps from time to time. 
 Annie Walker of the Smithsonian is going to have a very serious gambling problem. 
 I'm in London, Danielle. 
 I'm delivering pre-columbian artifacts to the British museum. 
 It was so last minute, I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to say good-bye. 
 No, Chloe's gonna get her tour with or without me. 
 It's been completely set up, and if you have any problems, I'll be on my cell. 
 There should be four crates for the Smithsonian. 
 Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. 
 Are you Annie Walker? 
 Yes. 
 Vivian Long from the embassy. 
 I am so sorry. 
 I was gonna meet you at the gate... diplomats can do that... but a cab cut me off in a roundabout, and I dumped my ice latte. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You think it'll stain? 
 Yeah. 
 Thank God Seattle's best went global. 
 We can grab another one on the way. 
 David, this is Annie Walker from the Smithsonian institute. 
 She's bringing in four crates with pre-columbian artifacts in them. 
 The lorry from the British museum is already at the loading docks, so if you could please sign off and have 'em brought out. 
 Oh, I have biscuits for you. 
 David's a cheap bribe. 
 You look in pain. 
 Oh, I have a little toothache. It's fine. 
 Terrific. I'm double-parked. 
 First time? 
 Second. 
 I had a two-day layover as a kid. 
 My dad was in the military. 
 Mine too. 
 Vietnam vet. Lost a leg at Khe Sanh during the Tet offensive. 
 Sorry, too much information. 
 If I talk too fast, slow me down. 
 Don't worry. You'll get used to it. 
 I thought I would never be able to drive here, and look at me now. 
 I love this place. 
 Couldn't take my eyes off of it when I first got here. 
 I mean, the history. 
 I know. It's crazy. 
 I'm gonna be bringing stuff back and forth at least twice a month. 
 Seriously? 
 Yeah, the pay's lousy, but who'd have thunk a job at the Smithsonian could be this much fun? 
 You have friends here? 
 Second cousin on my mother's side, so no. 
 Not one. 
 Well, if you need someone to show you around... 
 Don't offer if you can't deliver. 
 Please. I work for the state department. 
 Does that mean you have connections? 
 All over the city. 
 Restaurants, clubs. 
 Gaming establishments? 
 You gamble? 
 Are you kidding? 
 I killed at craps in Atlantic city last weekend. 
 I am on a hot streak. Ever heard of Havery's? 
 Get out. James Bond played there. 
 I'm good friends with the manager. 
 I have to pull rich Americans out of there all the time. 
 Can you get us in there tonight? 
 But I have to warn you, they don't let foreign nationals out of the U.K. with unpaid gaming debts. 
 Please. I am telling you, I can't lose. [gasps as horn honks] 
 Burned coffee and stale doughnuts. 
 The bat cave never changes. 
 You look like crap. 
 Aw, so do you. 
 Thank you. 
 You sleep on the plane? 
 Not enough. 
 Langley says you have a backtrack on Ridley. 
 Yeah, it's a start. 
 10,000 closed-circuit cameras in the city, and only half work. 
 Here's Ridley unloading the cases at the airport with Vivian. 
 We tracked him back from unloading, driving out from the city, all the way to Camden. 
 Any stops? 
 Nothing. 
 We lost him somewhere in the warehouse district. 
 It must be where he picked up the diamonds. 
 There's no medical warehouse in the vicinity. 
 And Vivian Long? 
 I can't believe she'd be involved in something like this. 
 Had us fooled completely. 
 Background's clean, bona fides real. 
 My people have got no idea what they got on her, but we're digging. 
 Dig carefully. 
 She could be valuable to us. 
 It's beautiful. 
 Pre-classic Olmec, right? 
 They teach you that at the state department? 
 I did a little research last night. 
 So you're a wonk. 
 I'm conscientious. 
 You don't have to be a wonk to be conscientious. 
 Um, over here is what you'll be taking over to the States. 
 Ming dynasty imperial floor vases, 15th century, Jing de Zhen. 
 Correct. 
 Wonk. 
 We'll work on getting you prepared. 
 You should be able to avoid U.S. customs entirely. 
 Smithsonian institute, how may I direct your call? 
 I thought we weren't doing that until tonight. 
 I like to practice. How's the tooth? 
 Still in my mouth. 
 Not very happy. 
 Not the tooth's fault. 
 We got any hard evidence on Vivian? 
 So far, just the stuff she did for Ridley. 
 I like her. 
 Doesn't matter. 
 She fooled the entire embassy. 
 She can fool you. 
 Yes, Jonathan. 
 She's definitely gonna be going back and forth. 
 It's just that I like her. Okay? 
 I wish it could be somebody else. 
 She buying your story? 
 She's calling to get us into Havery's tonight. 
 Hmm. That means they're gonna start circling. 
 Listen, this has to be our last open phone call. 
 From now on, you have to assume you're being watched. 
 Are you wearing your encrypted phone? 
 Strapped to my thigh. 
 Not very comfortable. 
 Only use it in an emergency. 
 Got it. 
 She's giving me the thumbs-up. 
 We're in. 
 Okay. Drink till you're sloppy, and mix your bets. 
 Remember, you've got to lose without looking like you're trying. 
 The way I play, shouldn't be a problem. 
 I guess there are only two ways to retire from this place... die or defect. 
 So you gave up and shaved your retirement beard. 
 When duty calls, I answer. 
 Understand that this is a consultation, Henry. 
 I'm still the DCS. 
 The DCS who needs a little help from his old boss. 
 Oh, I may not like you, but I respect your talent. 
 Isn't that funny? I like you, Arthur, but I don't respect your talent at all. 
 Hmm. 
 If Liza Hearn keeps digging into dark ops, you'll wind up on Capitol Hill or in jail. 
 You'll be with me. 
 No. They never go after emeritus officials. 
 Look at Kissinger, Al Haig, Rumsfeld. 
 So I inherit everything you started. 
 It seems that's the way it works, Arthur. 
 I suggest you plug that leak. 
 In the meantime, let's concentrate on business at hand. 
 Glad to be of service. 
 Is he breaking? 
 Not yet. 
 Denies knowing what the diamonds might be buying in the U.S. 
 Or anything about Angola. 
 Including what hemisphere it's in. 
 But I can hear him breaking. 
 They're asking him about Camden and the warehouse district. 
 Look, I have very low blood sugar. 
 If I give you an address, can I have some food? 
 What'd I tell you? 
 All right, get that address to Jai as soon as possible. 
 You have to sign there, there, and there. 
 Basically, it says if anything happens to the shipment, it's your fault, not ours. 
 Joke. 
 So is this what you guys do? 
 We do commerce, visa, apps, marriage approvals for green cards. 
 We provide bail, roadside assistance. 
 Kidding. 
 So, no, we do a lot more than commerce. 
 Who are those guys? 
 Basement people. 
 And that means... 
 They do the jobs that don't exist. 
 They're spooks? 
 But you didn't hear that from me. 
 Right. 
 Did you say 1218? 
 1218. Ridley said it was a gray stone building. 
 Used to be a distillery that they turned into a dance club. 
 You need GPS coords? 
 Uh, no, I think we can find it on our own. 
 [Heavy object being moved] 
 Lapidary scale. 
 [Gunshot] 
 They're certain it was a woman. 
 Lifted some prints off a desk. 
 They're running them through the grid. 
 The rest of the place was cleaned out. 
 Probably had a cutoff man at Kennedy that warned them as soon as he was arrested. 
 This the courier we're trying to replace? 
 Oh, hello, Henry. 
 Nice to see you as well. Clean-shaven this time. 
 Donald Ridley, yes. 
 He's not telling us very much, though. 
 The bureau's too squeamish to get anything worthwhile. 
 What do we know? 
 Newly married, church-going, drinks an occasional beer, pays his bills and taxes. 
 No criminal affiliations, off-shore accounts, or medical problems. 
 FBI swept his house. It's clean. 
 Sounds like he'll run for office. 
 What about his bride? 
 She's still in Brighton, because she's English, awaiting her green card. 
 Our embassy would do that. 
 Mm...hmm. Specifically a vice-consul like Vivian Long. 
 So she's helping them do more than ship things. 
 We're getting a record of everything that she's done at the embassy, but, yeah, she could be a real window into the operation. 
 He never mentions her. 
 Who? 
 In the transcripts, Ridley never mentions his wife. 
 Hasn't asked that she be contacted, nothing. 
 That strike anyone as strange? 
 I think we have a photo. 
 Patricia Ridley. 
 Does this look like a woman who would marry a pharmacist? 
 I'm guessing no. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I always feel like a six-year-old at my parents' cocktail party. 
 Nonsense. 
 We're walking in with 10 grand and walking out with 20. 
 See you later, Viv? 
 If you promise to be nice. 
 Are you holding out on me? 
 His name's Jonathan Turnbull, and vice-consuls don't work all the time. 
 [Giggles] 
 Five. The point is five. 
 Mark it. 
 Pays 3 to 2 behind the line. 
 You gonna play? 
 The least I can do is front you some chips. 
 I'm kind of a gambling moron. 
 [Scoffs] Then hold my purse. 
 Flirt with handsome. He's coming this way. 
 Five. The winner is five. 
 Pay the line. [speaks indistinctly] 
 Like taking candy from a baby. 
 [Car alarm chirps] 
 
 
 
 Hey, Auggie. 
 Annie's at the table. 
 They already lifted her phone and room key. 
 Anything on the bride? 
 London's getting the marriage documents for a thumbprint. 
 [Phone rings] Oh, and right on cue. 
 Smithsonian institute, how may I direct your call? 
 Annie Walker. One moment, please. 
 [Beep] 
 You've reached Annie Walker in the acquisitions department. 
 I'm unable to return... [phone beeps] 
 That was boodles up with a twist? 
 Thank you so much. They are truly delicious. 
 I'm not so sure you should mix drinking with gambling. 
 There's two things that cure a toothache, Vivian... winning and gin. 
 We've got the gin. 
 Let's start some serious winning. 
 Coast-to-coast. 
 Ooh-hoo. 
 Excuse me. 
 I believe I need a line of credit to finish my evening. 
 Is there a way to arrange that? 
 Annie, are you sure you want to do this? 
 I'm on fire, Vivian. 
 I just need a little more capital. 
 Is that possible? 
 Well, with the U.S. Embassy at your side, we'd be happy to extend you 5,000 pounds. 
 That's about 8,000 U.S. dollars. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Enjoy your evening. 
 Good as new. 
 Let's play ball. 
 High-low. 
 Can I have another drink? 
 Room's been searched. 
 How'd we do? 
 He was walking with happy feet. 
 Well, you can do the happy dance too. 
 You remember that woman that shot at you today? 
 Her prints match the wedding certificate of Donald Ridley's bride. 
 Eight. Front line winner. 
 Eight came easy, hard eights down. 
 How much did you just lose? 
 About $6,000. It'll turn around. 
 Put it on snake eyes. 
 Those are your last chips. 
 Almost there. 
 Isn't that a really risky bet? 
 It pays 30 to 1. 
 Because it doesn't come up much. 
 You only have to hit it once. Come on, baby. 
 Give me the deuce. 
 Snake eyes. 
 [Applause] 
 Whoo! 
 Pay the lady 30,000. 
 Whoo! 
 She won? 
 What? 
 She bet on snake eyes, and she won. 
 Annie just won $30,000. 
 Annie, that's $30,000. 
 Did I tell you I was on a roll? 
 That's almost what I make in a year. 
 So how does she lose 30k gracefully now? 
 Let's quit while you're ahead. 
 Annie. Come on. 
 No. Let it ride. 
 Madam? 
 Same play. 
 On the aces. 
 You need to quit, Annie. 
 There's no way I can lose. 
 I can feel it. 
 Then at least take away a few thousand. 
 Vivian, you got to learn how to live a little. 
 When you're on a roll, you're on a roll. 
 There's no way I can lose. 
 I'll be riding with the lucky lady. 
 Seven out. 
 Crowd : Awww! 
 You can't be serious. 
 [Clears throat] 
 May I see you for a moment? 
 I'm afraid we only accept personal checks from members. 
 I understand. 
 You need a cashier's check. 
 For 8,000 U.S. dollars, yes. 
 Until we have that, as miss Long can tell you, you will not be allowed to leave the country. 
 How could I be so stupid? 
 $8,000. 
 It may as well be a million. 
 Maybe your parents can... 
 My parents do not have that kind of money. 
 My sister's husband lost his job a few months ago, so they... 
 They burnt through all their savings. 
 I don't have anything. 
 I don't have anyone to go to. 
 I'm totally screwed. 
 Oh, my God, and if I can't leave the country, I'll probably lose my job. 
 I mean, I have to tell them why I can't come back. 
 And my tooth hurts. 
 If you're sure that there's nothing you can do, I might have a solution. 
 The government? 
 No. 
 Not the government. 
 And it's something you probably shouldn't do. 
 In fact, don't. 
 Forget I mentioned it. 
 No, no, tell me. Please. 
 If there's a way to get me out of this, tell me. 
 It's not good, okay? 
 It would involve transporting certain things through customs using your Smithsonian credentials. 
 I'm sure you don't want to risk... drugs? 
 Not drugs. 
 The goods would be shipped in your Smithsonian crates... put in and removed on your way to and from the airport. 
 You'd never see or touch them. 
 Who would I be working for? 
 I can't tell you. 
 But the people I'd hook you up with would pay off your debt. 
 Thank you. 
 Yes. 
 Absolutely. 
 Thank you so much, Vivian. 
 Not so fast. I mean it. 
 You've been drinking. You're an emotional mess. 
 You need to think about this. 
 Sleep on it. 
 Trust me. You shouldn't do this lightly. 
 Okay? 
 Look at me. 
 Annie, I'm serious. 
 Really make sure you want to do this. 
 And then tell me tomorrow at the museum. 
 She moved her purse to her left shoulder. 
 They approached her. 
 She's in. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Annie Walker. 
 Oh, my God, you're still asleep. 
 I can hear it in your voice. 
 Danielle? 
 Yes, Danielle, your sister, standing outside the Smithsonian with 30 third-graders, 2 teachers, and a couple mothers wondering why they won't let us in the museum. 
 Okay, it's Thursday, right? 
 What's wrong? 
 Nobody seems to know anything about this tour. 
 I swear, they don't even know who you are. 
 Oh, no, I'm supposed to be at the British museum in half an hour. 
 Ah, my tooth. 
 I don't care about your stupid tooth. 
 Are you even listening to me? 
 Yes, I am sorry, okay? 
 I just... I don't know what the screw-up is, but I will straighten it out, I promise. 
 Just stay where you are. 
 Smithsonian institute, how may I direct your call? 
 To someone who can arrange for the tour I promised to my niece's third-grade class. 
 It seems a ball has been dropped, a very big ball, and they are standing outside with nowhere to go, and I am late to an extremely important meeting. 
 This is why we say no to these things, miss Walker. 
 But you said yes, so we'll have to take care of it. 
 Soon? 
 Already in work. 
 Thank you. 
 And good luck with your meeting. 
 Hey, this is Anderson up in the DPD. 
 You know, it's funny. 
 You guys answer your phones, "cover operations," so I would assume that your job is actually to provide cover for our people. 
 Is that right? 
 It is. 
 Then can you tell me why Agent Walker's niece and her entire third-grade class are standing outside the Smithsonian right now wondering why no one has arranged a tour? 
 Alara Koman. 
 She was trained by Turkish intelligence and is operating as a mercenary now, primarily in weapons trade, but we think she may have a hand in human trafficking as well. 
 Both of which can tie her to Angola. 
 What about our vice-consul? 
 We found a trail of visa applications that she approved without authorization. 
 They all look like they were requests from Koman's organization. 
 Vivian Long is up to her neck in this. 
 She could provide us with some real information... names, places. 
 Are you suggesting lip her? 
 You can't. 
 Who knows how she'll react to an approach? 
 Have to get your girl Walker inside first. 
 Viv! 
 Sorry. 
 I overslept, and I had this thing with my sister. 
 Did you think about it? 
 Yes, I did. 
 Before I give you an answer, can I ask you a question? 
 Depends on what it is. 
 Why are you doing this? 
 Basically, you were right when you called me a wonk. 
 I mean, people like me, but guys don't see me in a certain way. 
 In school, I was always the organizer, the best friend. 
 I mean, when you walked into Havery's last night, there was not a man in there that wasn't checking you out. 
 I...I always wanted just a little of that. 
 Turnbull. 
 When we get together, he's wonderful to me. 
 A man that good-looking, to have him pay attention to me, to like me. 
 What did he have you do? 
 It started with a visa request. 
 I helped it through. 
 And then it just snowballed. 
 Pretty soon, I couldn't get out without losing my job. 
 And I don't want to lose my job, Annie. 
 It's all I've got. 
 I don't want to lose my job either. 
 But don't do it. 
 It's a hole you can't dig out of. 
 I'm already in a hole, Viv. 
 This is my only way out. 
 Well, then... 
 Meet her there at 5:00. 
 Hello, Annie. 
 I hope you don't mind, but it's better if I don't give you my name. 
 Oh. 
 Thank you so much for helping me. 
 Truly my pleasure. 
 I am hoping we have a Long and profitable relationship. 
 Are you clear about what you're expected to do? 
 Pretty much just look the other way? 
 Exactly. 
 The less you know, the better. 
 When we have something for you, we'll contact you. 
 Through Vivian. 
 No, not through Vivian. 
 We like to mix things up. 
 Is that okay? 
 Fine. 
 You'll be paid with a generous credit line at the casino. 
 I'm all for that. 
 Good. 
 I like your enthusiasm. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 I'm sorry. I have to take this. 
 Yes, her debt has been paid, and she's delighted to be on board. 
 We were just having a chat. 
 [Speaking foreign language] 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Annie Walker. 
 This museum's awesome. 
 Auggie's better than Ben Stiller. 
 Whoa, whoa, kids. 
 Kids, my cane is not a light saber. 
 We love Auggie. You guys must have so much fun at work. 
 Yeah, he's full of surprises and always there when you need him. 
 And smart. 
 Do you know he knows the names of 17 north American native tribes? 
 Yes, he's very smart. 
 Would you put him on? 
 Oh, sure, sure. Auggie? 
 Hey. 
 Hi. 
 Promise me next time you'll just say no. 
 Thank you for this above and beyond. 
 Are you headed back to the office now? 
 Um, if we can get this third grader off of my back. 
 Hold on. 
 Annie, you there? 
 Do we need to talk? 
 Yeah, I need to speak to my friend at the embassy first. 
 Hey, Viv. 
 Hey, you. How was it? 
 Fine. I really need to talk to you. 
 Are you at the embassy? 
 I'm just heading out. 
 It's a big meeting. Can it wait? 
 I'm a little late already. 
 It can't. 
 Well, it's important. 
 So's this. 
 Look, if you really need to talk, let's meet at the rose tattoo. 
 It's a little pub in the Camden warehouse district, but it's kind of local, so you don't want to order cosmos or martinis. 
 Vivian, I... - I got to run. See you there. 
 Excuse me. 
 Could you pull over at the next corner? 
 Thank you. 
 It's Annie on her encrypted cell, line seven. 
 We're on with Jai and Roach. We'll patch her in. 
 Join us. Annie? 
 They're gonna get rid of Vivian. 
 How do you know? 
 I met with the woman who's running it. 
 Pretty, brunette, 35. 
 Alara Koman, Ridley's wife. 
 She didn't know I spoke Turkish. 
 I didn't know you speak Turkish. 
 Enough to get by. 
 They think she knows too much. 
 They're worried about her being flipped. 
 Where is she? 
 At the embassy when I last talked to her. 
 Jai, see if she's still in the building. 
 No, she was on her way out to a meeting in Camden, the warehouse district. 
 I'm gonna meet her after at a pub. 
 No, forget the pub. You're looking for a gray warehouse. 
 1218 Brewery Road. 
 Annie, how much did you tell her? 
 Nothing until I called you. 
 Good girl. 
 We make any move to save her, we're tipping our hand. 
 They'll kill her. 
 I'm perfectly aware that this young woman is an American citizen and have no desire to put her in harm's way, but anything we do at this point will jeopardize the operation with Walker. 
 It's not your call, Henry. 
 Why do you think I'm here, Arthur? 
 You're here because you lobbied the director to put you here. 
 The only way you're gonna shed any light on this Angola connection is to get someone inside. 
 Vivian Long has real information for us now, not months from now. 
 She's burned. 
 We can't jeopardize Walker's mission. 
 I'm already in. 
 And we want to keep you in. 
 What if this Koman woman is trying to flush you out? 
 Did you think of that? 
 Why is she meeting Vivian at a place we've been watching? 
 She's baiting us. 
 You make a move, you reveal who you are. 
 Jai, have the marines hold miss Long at the door. 
 You're a fool, Arthur. 
 And you're not wanted here, Henry. 
 Get out of the room. 
 Vivian left the embassy ten minutes ago. 
 Then get her. And go armed. 
 Annie, Jai and Roach are on their way. 
 Do nothing until they get there. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Nothing. 
 Camden, 1218 Brewery Road. 
 Hello, Vivian. 
 Patricia. 
 Or maybe I should call you Elena now. 
 You're gonna have to get used to it. 
 Sorry about the last minute of it all. 
 You've been wonderful. 
 Passport still needs a signature. 
 You look amazing in your picture, by the way. 
 My passport photo looks like my butt. 
 So I heard you closed the club down. 
 We've had to adjust a few things. 
 You like Annie? 
 Very much. 
 She's perfect for us. 
 I know. 
 I just wish she didn't have to do this. 
 [Gun clicks] 
 Hands behind your head, please. 
 Annie, I thought we were gonna meet at the pub. 
 Any others? 
 She's alone. 
 Not for Long. Asser, get back outside. 
 We need to move quickly. 
 Jonathan, what's going on? 
 Patricia? 
 Your friend speaks Turkish, Vivian. 
 I thought you were listening. 
 I could see it in your eyes. 
 You were really very good until then. 
 Excellent. 
 Annie? 
 I'm one of the basement people, Vivian. 
 We got flushed out. 
 Oh, my God. 
 On your knees, ladies. 
 No, Jonathan. 
 Sorry, Viv. 
 You really are a very sweet girl. 
 Hey! 
 My tooth! 
 Annie! Up here! 
 [Gunfire] 
 [Screams] 
 [Gunfire continues] 
 Down here! There's a way out! 
 [Gunfire continues] 
 She's down. 
 Vivian! 
 Too much fire. Wait it out. 
 Annie! 
 Let's go. 
 [Gunfire] 
 There's the stairway. Get her out of here. 
 [Gunshot] [Screams] 
 A life saved, a mission blown. 
 You just lost a huge opportunity, Arthur. 
 Not according to the director, Henry. 
 Apparently, you don't have clearance for his morning briefing, but the Angola chatter's gone quiet. 
 Alara Koman's dead. 
 Vivian Long knows far more than we thought. 
 And we're getting very good intel from the men Jai captured. 
 You should be proud of him. 
 Optimism weakens any equation. 
 You should know that. 
 Pessimism kills the equation before it starts. 
 You look better with your beard. 
 Grow it back, Henry. 
 Get some sleep last night? 
 Well, I still have plenty to worry about. 
 There's the Liza Hearn leak. 
 Ben Mercer's still out there cowboying around. 
 Well, maybe you should sleep in the master tonight. 
 I was thinking of retiring early. 
 Flight 117 Dublin, business class... 
 They fly you business? 
 Coach. 
 When they turn off the seatbelt sign, I'll come back and visit. 
 That's us, Vivian. 
 Dii ever tell you I wanted to be a spy? 
 It was in your file. 
 Now I'm kind of glad I didn't get in. 
 It's no fun leading a double life, is it? 
 I mean, the lying and deception. 
 Whatever happens now, my wonky life is my own. 
 And that's a relief. 
 Sounds like you've had a change of heart. 
 What happened to my masochist? 
 She's gone, Auggie. 
 Disappeared. 
 Have a dentist at the gate when I land. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 