Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - When the Levee Breaks - Covert Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - When the Levee Breaks https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=92&t=15126 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/17/10 11:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - When the Levee Breaks 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Thanks. 
 The career intelligence medal, for a lifetime of service to the agency. 
 Congratulations, Paul. 
 [Applause] 
 This place gives out more awards than the boy scouts. 
 As a former eagle scout, I disagree. 
 If the real intention was to keep up morale, they'd spike this punch. 
 You know, you're still on the clock. 
 No, I got it. 
 Cheese? 
 Hells yeah! 
 [School bell rings] 
 Didn't do as well on the test as you were hoping, huh, Freddie? 
 Maybe this will help. 
 Leo says GER. 
 What does that mean? 
 Loss of electrons is oxidation. 
 Gain of electrons is reduction. 
 Thanks, Professor Anton. 
 You'll do fine. 
 Hello, Professor Sabine. 
 Ben Mercer can't save you now. 
 Oh... oh... 
 [siren wailing] 
 Annie. 
 Can you come with me, please? 
 [Dog barking] 
 [Police radio droning] 
 My name is Ben Mercer. 
 I'm a former CIA operative. 
 Hands up, now. 
 I want to come in from the cold. can you hold still, please? We're about to begin. 
 You don't have to stay here, Annie. 
 We can fact-check his story with a transcript later. 
 No. I want to be here. 
 Polygraph for debrief of former operative Ben Mercer. 
 You entered the agency straight out of college. 
 Yes. 
 You rose to classified level eight. 
 Yes. 
 And then two years ago, you turned your back on us. 
 I went my own way. 
 Yes or no? 
 Yes. 
 Do you hate America? 
 No. 
 So it was Annie Walker? 
 Annie didn't know I was CIA. 
 Do you know that for a fact? 
 We need to dispense with the bureaucratic nonsense. 
 What you need to know is if you can trust me. 
 And to do that, you need to know what happened two years ago. 
 I was in Sri Lanka, working with my handler, Jai Wilcox. 
 I had brought a chemist... a Professor named Anton Sabine... to meet with a major arms dealer. 
 Sabine was unaware of the danger that I was putting him in. 
 Did the CIA ask you to do this? 
 Since I was deep cover, it was my call. 
 It was the only way I could have gotten inside the arms dealer's organization. 
 They needed a chemist, I provided. 
 I was trading a life for access. 
 But you didn't end up doing this. 
 I met Annie, and I admired her spirit. 
 I realized that there are more noble ways to lead one's life, so I made a change. 
 You went rogue. 
 I refused to submit an innocent man to a life of making weapons for terrorists. 
 Instead, I shepherded him underground, and I found him a new life as a science teacher in Hong Kong. 
 And this is for you to decide? 
 At the end of the day, I can only trust myself. 
 What about Annie Walker? 
 What about her? 
 Do you trust her? 
 Yes. 
 Thanks, Annie. 
 We need to go into matters above your clearance. 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 Hey. 
 Hi. 
 Jai, were you ever gonna tell me that you were stationed in Sri Lanka? 
 Or that you knew Ben Mercer? 
 I would like nothing more than to explain things to you. 
 So much of what I need to tell you is classified. 
 The problem with this job is that excuses like that are valid. 
 How well did you know him? 
 For a while, I thought I knew him well. 
 [Polygraph beeping] 
 Hello, Arthur. 
 [Beeping stops] 
 You've been a naughty boy. 
 Because I've been systematically eliminating security threats that the agency is too hypocritical to address? 
 What are you doing here, Ben, at the agency today? 
 A scientist that I relocated two years ago, Professor Anton Sabine, has been abducted. 
 And I suspect that the arms dealer, Felix Artigas, has finally found him in Hong Kong and taken him against his will to Sri Lanka to develop chemical weapons. 
 If Artigas gets Sabine's technology, he'll be able to supply terrorists with virtually undetectable chemical IEDS. 
 That's why I'm here. 
 You need the CIA's help. 
 I have a way in... 
 A former asset in Sri Lanka. 
 But I need agency resources and credibility. 
 After going rogue for two years, you expect us to give them to you? 
 Yes. 
 Do you think he's telling the truth? 
 Polygraph said as much. 
 We all know you can't trust a polygraph. 
 We also know that if he is, and we don't act on it, 's tragic. 
 I just ran down the Hong Kong angle. 
 St. Andrew's middle school has won the city science fair the past two years. 
 I imagine there are a lot of private schools in Hong Kong that excel in science. 
 Yes, but each year's winner has credited a Mr. Anton. 
 Now, the school says he's a British national, but the UK citizens registry has no record of him. 
 Photo? 
 None. 
 And he's been absent the past two days. 
 It might be him. 
 Here's what we're gonna do. 
 We're going to assume that Mercer's both telling the truth and is not to be trusted. 
 So we send him to Sri Lanka to meet his asset, but with Annie Walker as his handler. 
 No, I will go. I can handle Ben. 
 No, he eluded you once before in Sri Lanka, Jai. 
 We'll be putting her in danger... she's not ready. 
 Oh, I think she is. 
 She's never been involved in something as emotional as that. 
 And we have to trade on that emotion. 
 Mercer feels something for Annie. 
 He'll listen to her. 
 Annie goes. It's the only way. 
 Bring her in here. 
 Oh, Annie, I just happened to be walking by. 
 Amazing timing. 
 What'd they ask you to do? 
 I can't talk about it. 
 They want me to shadow Ben. 
 Be his handler on a mission. 
 No. That is very dangerous, and that is not okay. 
 I'm talking to Joan. I can handle myself. 
 It's not about your spy craft. 
 You're my friend. Call me protective. 
 No, don't! I want to go. 
 Please. 
 Okay. Come with me. 
 GPS tracker. 
 I can keep track of you at all times. 
 Keep it someplace inconspicuous and safe. 
 Now, if something happens... something bad... forget about protocol. Call the number on this card. 
 710 area code? 
 Whose number is that? 
 It's my number. 
 I created it specifically for this mission. 
 Consider it your "get out of jail" card. 
 Thanks. 
 It's not free. 
 If you use it, you owe me a sandwich. 
 Everything's gonna be fine. 
 Yep. 
 I can't believe it took something like this to finally get your digits. 
 If half the general counsel office is here without an appointment, I'm guessing this is less than good. 
 It has emerged that Liza Hearn is poised to print an article about this. 
 You picked a hell of a day. 
 We need you to get all your documents and memos together to help us craft a strategy. 
 What is your strategy gonna be? 
 It's being crafted. 
 Thank you for meeting me. 
 Whenever my head was spinning, I'd come out here and look at this wall. 
 Try and remember what it's all about. 
 You've been gone for a long time. 
 You sure you still remember what it's all about? 
 I don't want you to come on this mission. 
 It's gonna be too dangerous. 
 And they... 
 They don't trust me. 
 I'm not sure I trust you. 
 You don't get to decide things for me anymore. 
 I'm coming on this mission. 
 You and Ben will fly separately. 
 Once you arrive in Colombo, you have to assume that you are always being followed. 
 We'll have a series of checkpoints to keep contact. 
 You'll follow him to the square near the old courthouse. 
 Ben will look to you, and if it seems you haven't been followed, give him a sign, and he'll leave a mark for his contact, lone star. 
 So now we wait till tomorrow. 
 Who is this guy... lone star? 
 Tamil warlord. 
 Well, he used to be until the Tamil's surrender. 
 But he buys his weapons from Artigas, so he's still very tapped in. 
 Who gave him the name "lone star," you? 
 Yes. 
 Sounds like you. 
 I think it works. Don't you? 
 [Explosion] 
 [Fireworks whistling] 
 [Ben chuckles] 
 Fireworks. 
 It's September, isn't it? The Hindu Vel festival. 
 [Fireworks popping, whistling] 
 Follow me. 
 [Festive music]  
 Niluge! Hey! 
 [Chuckles] How are you? 
 What's up, man? 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 What are we doing here? 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 Why are we getting Kothu Roti now? 
 It's like a cheeseburger in Sri Lanka. 
 You can get it anywhere. 
 At the end of Vel festival, you can only get this Kothu Roti special here. 
 Sit down. 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 Try...This. 
 Delicious, right? 
 It's okay. 
 Nice try. 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 So this isn't just about the food? 
 It's about the mission. 
 It's about both. 
 I'm not doing any more unsanctioned ops, so I don't really know why I'm here. 
 Your friend Liza Hearn is poised to publish an article that could damage our agency. 
 Well, with all due respect, that's kind of her job, isn't it? 
 We can't seize her notes because she keeps them in a safe in her editor's office. 
 We can't come at her for treason because she hasn't outed her source, and she hasn't named anyone directly. 
 So we need you to contact her. 
 Persuade her to hold back the article. 
 She hasn't talked to me since you and I planted that false flag. 
 Oh... 
 Women forgive a lot. 
 Don't forget that. 
 You are married to my boss, so I can't go anywhere near that statement. 
 Auggie, this article would affect missions on the ground. 
 It would be putting our operatives in jeopardy. 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 I didn't call ahead, but this is time-sensitive. 
 Of course. 
 So this is the situation. 
 If Liza Hearn's article comes out and says what we think it will, there's gonna be a lot of scrutiny of Arthur. 
 Scrutiny? 
 Scrutiny that may force him to leave his post as director of clandestine services. 
 I see. 
 Can we count on your cooperation? 
 Happy to hand over any files or memos you may need. 
 I'm not here for files or memos. 
 No, that would be below your pay grade. 
 That director has taken notice of your credentials, your work... Nairobi, Brussels, and here. 
 That's good. I'm glad. 
 Hypothetically, if you were approached by the vetting committee to take over as DCS, would you pursue it? 
 You're hypothetically asking me  if I would take my husband's job? 
 Off the record. 
 This is the CIA, Alex. Nothing's on the record. 
 I know it's a lot to think about. 
 But consider this... you'd be the highest-ranking woman in the history of this agency. 
 And you'd do an amazing job. 
 Hypothetically. 
 This conversation's classified. 
 Any mention of it to Arthur would be a violation of CIA protocol. 
 It's not a national holiday, so you must be here because you want something. 
 I need some advice. 
 My move would be to create some separation between yourself and Arthur Campbell. 
 That's not what I needed advice about. 
 It's the advice you need to hear. 
 Ben Mercer, whose handler I supposedly was... 
 Was he taking orders from anyone else? 
 Two kinds of people succeed at the CIA... those who are very good at taking orders, and those who cannot take orders. 
 Ben couldn't...And can't. 
 He's extraordinary. 
 You knew him. 
 I knew him very well. 
 You think you know what you need, but you don't. 
 I know enough. 
 Remember my advice. 
 You'd best look out for yourself. 
 Take some initiative. 
 And how would you suggest I do that? 
 If you're asking me that, then you're not taking initiative. 
 Enjoy the view. 
 Lone star's in. 
 I imagine he'll have us picked up momentaril... oh, hey, man, come on. We're friends. 
 Even though I knew it was coming, I can't say I like the treatment. 
 Lone star has always been paranoid. 
 It's his process. 
 There's paranoid, and then there's psychotic. 
 [Tires screeching] 
 Remember the last time we were on the road out of Colombo? 
 Very different time. Very different circumstances. 
 I didn't know the first thing about you then. 
 I can't say I know much more now. 
 You don't have to know the specifics about somebody to know who they truly are. 
 I think you do. 
 Okay, what do you know? 
 Um, you're a huge fan of the band underworld. 
 You have a constellation of freckles on your right shoulder blade. 
 You're ticklish. 
 True, true, and true. 
 Don't go looking any further because that's about all there is to me. 
 
 
 
 We're here. 
 I've been here before. 
 Really? When? 
 After you left me at the beach. 
 That doesn't sound too good. 
 Anybody who comes here is trying to forget something... 
 Or someone. 
 Hello, lone star. 
 Forgive me for not standing. 
 Did you bring what I wanted? 
 Just place them in my alms bowl. 
 You are a prince among men, Ben Mercer. 
 Who is the girl? 
 My associate. 
 Hmm. Much prettier than your last handler. 
 Surprisingly lascivious for a man of the cloth. 
 [Chuckles] Oh, I'm just pretending. 
 A monk would never ask for cash. 
 How's 50,000 American dollars? 
 Some tea, perhaps? 
 You should get something for your money. 
 No, I think the information will do just fine. 
 Ah, yes... the information. 
 Artigas has the Professor. 
 He's probably forcing him to weaponize the sarin gas as we speak. 
 My sources tell me he is at Nimananntha Sthanaya. 
 Nimananntha Sthanaya. Biggest house. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Is that it? 
 I'm not really feeling like I'm getting my money's worth. 
 Well, that is all I have got. 
 Life isn't always... 
 [coughing] 
 There...You all right? 
 [Gasping and groaning] 
 The tea. 
 We gotta go. 
 [Gunshots] 
 [Gunshots] 
 Hey! Hey! 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 Go! Go! 
 [Horn beeps] 
 [Horn beeps] 
 Just curious... of all the places in Sri Lanka, we had to come here? 
 Well, it's out of the way, it's monsoon season, and no one's here. 
 Where are you going? 
 Somewhere else. 
 Look, I understand you not wanting to be here with me, but this is the safest place until we can get back to Colombo. 
 How long do we have to stay here? 
 We can leave at dawn. 
 You're pretty good at that, aren't you? 
 You got me out of work on a weekday. 
 I must have really had a thing for you. 
 Why am I here? 
 This is an apology. A proper one. 
 I gained your trust under false pretenses. 
 I lied about who I was. 
 It was my job, and I am sorry. 
 Not gonna cut it, Auggie. 
 Okay, how 'bout this... I'm happy I did it. 
 You're happy you lied? 
 No, I'm happy I met you. 
 When people see you, they see an overzealous journalist who is hell-bent on speaking truth to power, but you're more than that. 
 You're principled, caring, sometimes sweet, and I got to see that. 
 You can't see. 
 Okay, you've been sufficiently charming. 
 Now what do you want from me? 
 It's not a want, it's a need. 
 I need you to hold off on publishing the article you're working on, just for 72 hours. 
 So Langley can properly refute it? 
 No. Please just trust me. 
 How do I know I can trust you? 
 You'll never fully know. That's what trust is. 
 That's not trust. That's faith. 
 Then have faith. Please. 
 72 hours. 
 No word from Annie or Ben in several hours. 
 They've blown through a schedule check-in. 
 We've got ears on the rails. 
 Okay. Stay on it. 
 What's the matter? 
 This article... 
 The lawyers in my office. 
 I can hear the drums beating. 
 If I lose this job, the rest of my career will be a coda. 
 I'll never get an opportunity to go further. 
 I'm sorry, Arthur. 
 I think you've done a fantastic job. 
 Thanks. 
 I searched up and down the beach, and north a bit. 
 It's all quiet. 
 In the morning, we'll head into Colombo, and we'll get an ops team deployed to Indonesia. 
 Artigas' biggest house is his villa in Bali. 
 I hope Sabine's okay. 
 How well did you know him? 
 Well, to gain his trust, I had to get to know him. 
 And the more I got to know him, the more impressed I was with him. 
 He 'smart, he's honest, he's kind. 
 You couldn't give him up. 
 No, I couldn't. 
 When we were here, did you ever think about telling me the truth? 
 The full truth? 
 I know my note wasn't enough. 
 At the time, that was all I could do. 
 So you felt you could only go so far as to tell me nothing at all? 
 When I was CIA, the best thing about it was feeling like I was doing something important. 
 The most important thing that ever happened to me... 
 Is you. 
 Come on, we gotta move. 
 You guys missed your checkpoint. 
 How'd you find us? 
 Auggie can be helpful when he wants to be. 
 Okay, tell the Indonesian military to keep me posted. 
 Okay, we have a tactical rescue of the Professor scheduled in an hour in Bali. 
 We need to get back to Colombo. 
 I have a general aviation flight scheduled to take us back to Langley. 
 So question... why are you here? 
 Because I was worried. 
 Because you needed me. 
 So your being here isn't sanctioned? 
 Wow, you, of all people? Really? 
 [Tires screech] 
 Go, go, go, go, go, go! 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 [Speaking Tamil] 
 Let's go. 
 Maybe Artigas was tipped off. 
 But the ops team said that the place looked like it hadn't en occupied for weeks. 
 Well, what do we do now? 
 What about Sabine? 
 We make our way to Mauritius, by boat, to visit some old contacts I have there. 
 Mauritius by boat? 
 Yeah. 
 What contacts? 
 You said yourself lone star was your one remaining connection. 
 You struck out. Admit it. 
 What do you want to do? You want to go home? 
 Yeah, to Langley. Exactly. 
 Langley... 
 It's not safe here. 
 And even if you don't care about that, don't put Annie at risk. 
 Don't make this about me. 
 He's right. It isn't safe. 
 We should leave. 
 I'll go get our gear and pull the truck around. 
 Liza. 
 How'd you know? 
 You're one of the few women I know who prefers number 19 over number 5. 
 Plus, we were supposed to meet right about now, so I gave it a shot. 
 Here's your perfume and various other sundries you left in the house. 
 Mingus dynasty and some Atari tee shirts. 
 What, you're returning Mingus? 
 I didn't really get it. 
 I thought you liked it. 
 I guess we both lied to get what we wanted out of our relationship. 
 Touche. 
 Are we done here? 
 Uh-uh. One more thing. 
 Thank you for holding off on the article. 
 You helped us on a number of missions. 
 Missions? 
 Yeah. 
 My article didn't contain any operational details. 
 It was purely about Arthur Campbell. 
 He played you. 
 He seems to have. 
 So why are you smiling? 
 Because now Arthur owes me. 
 You are always two moves ahead, Auggie. 
 Gotta be in this game. 
 Hey, word of warning. I don't know who your source is, but be careful. 
 I don't know a spy who's in it solely for the greater good. 
 Except for maybe you. 
 That's not mine. 
 Hello, Liza. 
 Our next chat may get you that Pulitzer. 
 I have to talk to you. 
 Okay. 
 The director and the general counsel are already looking to replace you as the DCS. 
 I know. I told you that. 
 The vetting committee has asked me to consider taking the job. 
 I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, but they asked me not to... agency protocol. 
 But I've realized that our marriage comes first. 
 I've let this place come between us far too often. 
 You have to take it. 
 The DCS job, you have to take it. 
 No. 
 After all these years of marriage, you still find ways to surprise me. 
 Arthur, this place is better off with both of us here. 
 Let's fight this witch hunt together. 
 It is gonna get ugly, and when it does, we are gonna fight back... hard. 
 And in the end, we will both still be working here, where we belong. 
 You up for it? 
 You know I am. 
 He's not coming back, is he? 
 I don't think so. 
 You had to shut down his plan? 
 His plan? 
 Ben's plans only involve himself. 
 He has his own agenda. 
 Flight's in an hour. 
 I know. Ben knew that too. 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Annie, are you okay? 
 Yeah. Why? 
 What are you doing in the Pettah district? 
 I'm not. I'm at our rendez-vous point. 
 Your GPS doesn't say so. 
 I'm here, and I'm wearing my bracelet. 
 Ben and I must have switched bracelets at the beach after... after wh? 
 Uh, never mind. 
 Just give me the location. 
 All right, it says your on Chaitya road, and that you're 500 feet up in the air. 
 Is that even possible? 
 Nimananntha Sthanaya. 
 Biggest house. 
 That's was lone star was talking about. 
 Ben must be up there. 
 Yeah, okay, hold on. This needs to go vertical. 
 The building is owned by Ceylon luxury property development. 
 Our WTO detailee informs us that Artigas is a silent partner. 
 We have to assume Mercer is working his own angle here. 
 How can we assume that? 
 He went rogue before, Annie. 
 We don't have time to get an ops team in place, so you two need to go up there for recon and possible extraction of Sabine. And Ben. 
 We'll have a helicopter at the ready if you get Sabine. 
 Jai, you have permission to take down Mercer if necessary. 
 Got it. 
 Jai, would you really shoot Ben? 
 It's just a precaution, Annie. 
 He's not playing us. I know it. 
 I hope you're right. 
 But if you're wrong, I will not hesitate to do what I need to do. 
 [Voices in distance] 
 The city's crawling with CIA. 
 The only way this is going to work is if I take Sabine to Indonesia with me. 
 You already know that. 
 I need him alive. 
 That's my specialty. 
 Come on. 
 Oh... 
 I can't believe this. 
 He's moving Sabine. 
 I have to take him out. 
 [Footsteps] 
 Ben, what are you doing? 
 Get out of here. Both of you. 
 Let him go, Ben! 
 What is this? 
 See, Felix? 
 I told you the city's crawling with them. 
 I trusted you. 
 The truth is complicated. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Get him out of here! Go! 
 They've got him. Go! 
 [Gunshot] 
 Put it down. Put it down. 
 Aah! 
 Aah! 
 Annie, we've gotta get up to the roof! 
 Come on. 
 [Helicopter approaching] 
 Hurry! 
 Ben! don't let your soul get lonely" 
 "child, it's only time" 
 "it will go by" 
 "don't look for love in faces, places" 
 "it's in you that's where you'll find" 
 Ben. Ben! be here now" 
 "be here" 
 "be here" 
 "be here now" 
 "be here" 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 