Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - San Jose - Helix 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - San Jose https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=109&t=16096 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/17/15 08:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - San Jose 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Helix... 
 Late last night, a military listening post received a distress call from a private research base. The call denoted a possible retroviral outbreak. 
 The third infected patient is Peter. 
 Who's Peter? 
 My brother. 
 That's his ex-wife? He never talks about her or his brother. 
 That's probably because he caught her and his brother in bed together. 
 This is Doctor Hiroshi Hatake, director of research. 
 Peter, do you know what happened to you? 
 This morning he was terminally ill, now he's ripping out of restraints? 
 The Narvik-B subjects became highly aggressive, agitated. 
 The people who designed this virus want to change us, from the inside out. 
 It's too dangerous. We have to go. 
 Alan, I can't. 
 She's infected. She has the virus. 
 Don't worry, Julia. We'll have you back on your feet in no time. 
 Why are your eyes silver? 
 Eternal life. 
 500 immortals run the Ilaria Corporation. 
 God, this migraine it's killing me! 
 It's not a migraine. 
 Ilaria wanted a virus and a cure. 
 You engineered an apocalypse virus! 
 We can save everyone, we can get Peter back. 
 I think it's working! 
 My dear girl, you're pregnant. 
 The virus and the cure they're yours now. 
 You have no idea what you've put me through. 
 You've been loyal to us. 
 No! 
 Don't hurt her! 
 I've everything I need right here, virus, cure, and Hatake's spawn. 
 You found Julia? 
 I think so. 
 Commençons? 
 (banging and glass shattering) 
 woman : Leave me alone! 
 (woman screaming desperately) 
 (screaming) 
 (banging) 
 (screaming) 
 (man screaming) 
 (hyperventilating) Make it stop! Make it stop! Make it stop! 
 (screaming desperately) 
 (Do You Know the Way to San Jose by Dionne Warwick playing) 
 ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ♪ 
 ♪ I've been away so long ♪ 
 ♪ I may go wrong and lose my way ♪ 
 ♪ Do you know the way to San Jose ♪ 
 ♪ I'm going back to find ♪ 
 (recorder beeping) 
 0900 hours, weather calm. 
 Arrived at St. Germain Island from the southeast. 
 No apparent flares or signal fires. 
 Contact is not at the rendezvous site. 
 All signs point to the pandemic originating on this island. 
 There are no other options, I must find a cure. 
 I'll head inland, take a look around. 
 (recorder beeping) 
 masked man : Do you know the way to San Jose? 
 What? 
 Do you know the way to San Jose? 
 (creaking) 
 (inhaling through device) 
 This what it was like when you came for me at Arctic Biosystems? 
 They'd cleaned up most of the mess by the time we got there. 
 No, not the mess. 
 This... feeling. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Yeah, you do. 
 This is just the beginning. 
 man on radio : CDC 1, this is Manitou. Sit rep? 
 This is Cal... Uh, this is CDC 1. what was that? 
 We're asking for a sit rep, Doctor Sommer situation report, remember? 
 Oh... Sorry, uh, Dr. Jordan and Dr. Farragut are still inside the boat. I'm up on top. Whatever killed these people was... fast and aggressive. Any indication this is a Narvik virus? Just tell the Captain You check further down there, meet up top in 10. Yeah... (engine whirring) I've got one dead in the engine room. Peter : Alright, keep your eyes open. For what? This place is a tomb. Gotta make sure we got 'em all accounted for. We'll check against the manifest. Copy that. Two more in the galley. Same symptoms as the others. You got something? These two killed each other. What makes you say that? I'm seeing stab marks, both holding weapons... Maybe some kind of psychotic... (screaming) Sarah : Whoa, whoa, whoa! Just calm down! Leave me alone! (clanging) Please, I am a doctor! Leave me alone, you freak! (syringe hissing) Kyle : Are you Okay? What did you give her? 20 cc midazolam. Are you Okay? Why did you do that? Midazolam can mask any antibodies she would have had to become immune to whatever's going on here. You're welcome. I'm sorry, Okay? But immunity in a situation like this is more than just a clue. It's everything. When did the passengers start getting sick? Uh... About two... No, three days ago. Right after we got back from the island. What island? I don't know, it was a side-trip, it wasn't even in the brochure. We just moored offshore and hiked around and went swimming. We spent the day there, then we set sail that night. Anyone report feeling strange when they got back? Not at first, but then on the third day, the screaming started. I just... I hid in the engine room, and I tried to stay quiet. But I could hear them killing each other. Every time I thought it was over, I would hear another scream. Ugh... I was afraid to fall asleep. I started having these... These waking nightmares... And so then when you came in wearing that suit, I didn't know if you were real, or if you were just, like, a... CDC 1, this is Manitou. Sit rep. Means they're asking for a situation report. I have done this before. Peter : Field autopsies show a consistent pattern. The pathogen overloaded the body's immune response, primarily attacking the digestive system. It's highly unlikely it's airborne. Means we can get out of those biohazard suits. And you're sure it's not the Narvik virus? The most likely scenario is some sort of infection contracted from the island they visited. Our survivor referred to it as Saint... something. St. Germain. It's about 12 nautical miles northwest of here, just over the horizon. We need to go there. My orders were to investigate a possible Narvik outbreak. Captain, we have 27 people dead on board that boat. Our assessment is done and our mission is complete. We still need to get to St. Germain. My orders in this situation are to leave tracking buoy on site and take your team back to Seattle. Then I'm declaring a national health threat. Jesus... Peter, hold on! Coastguard regulations give me the authority to conduct an on-site inspection if I have cause to believe there is a biological threat to any nearby population centre. Seattle is less than 20 hours away. I'm ordering you to take us to that... You don't give orders on this ship, doctor. I'm sorry, wrong choice of words. Bridge, this is the captain. Plot a course to St. Germain Island. Get under way when ready, make turns for 30 knots. Aye aye, Captain. Let's be clear on what's going to happen. Legally, I can't go ashore. Nor can I wait around for you, since I'm under orders to take your field samples back for lab analysis, so you'll be on your own. This is... the back end of nowhere. So sat phone and radio service will be extremely limited. There's no landing strip  on the island, and it's well beyond chopper range. Watch your step. Here you go. So you'll have to wait until another ship can be dispatched to pick you up,  figure... two weeks. (Julia panting) Hey, where are you taking me? Hey, put me down! Put me down! Help! (screaming) What do you want from me? Come on, put me down! Thanks again for doing this. I know you'd probably rather be in a bunk on your way back to Seattle right now. I figured I should do something. Yeah... And you're the only person we have here who's been here before, so... We need to know where you and the passengers went, what you ate, drank, where you went swimming. I don't know how much I'll remember. Look, anything at all would be helpful. You brought a gun? I'm from Texas. We don't go to the bathroom without a gun. Okay... Mind if I ask you a personal question? Yes, very much. (chuckling): I did save your life. So that entitles you to pry into my personal life? Yeah, that's right. Okay... You think Alan Farragut really blew up that building in Paris? What the hell kind of a question is that? People say you knew him. Really well, in fact. Yeah, I thought I did. (insects buzzing) Leila : I... I think we came this way. Peter : Do you remember seeing or hearing anything unusual? What about the running water? I'm not sure. Kyle : Do we have any idea where we're going? We've been walking around for a while. Jordan : I'm not sure. Why are you whispering? I don't know, it just feels right to whisper, don't you think? Really? You're doing this now? Can you just focus on the task... (shrieking) Oh my God, what the hell is that? Dwarf cottontail. Pretty common at this latitude. (flies buzzing) Although they usually come with eyes. Bring the rabbit. Jordan : So, there are animals here. I just don't hear anything. Peter : Take samples of soil, water, plants... (voices fading out) (gasping): No! Leila, Wait! Leila! Leila! Kyle : Leila, stop! Jordan : Leila! Come back! Leila! Kyle : Look out, look out! (grunting) Look, I don't know who you are, but I'm not here to harm you. My name is Julia. If you would just hear me out... Do you know the way to San Jose? Leila! (groaning) (screaming from outside) (grunting in exertion) (screaming) Somebody help me! This is going to hurt. Oh, really? Gee, you're good! Doctors really are the worst patients. (groaning) Here we go... Good. (panting) (choking and retching) Oh, my God! Sorry, swallowed my gum. (under her breath): Oh, my God... Not too bad... Nasty-looking, though. It's going to leave a scar. Only if you do a shitty job sewing it up. But I got the shakes, Doc! (Jordan wincing and gasping) Sorry, but infection's your biggest worry here. Thanks, but I don't think that's going to be an issue. Right, you're a germ commando now. Ever since that thing at Arctic Biosystems. What thing? I heard you and your team went all Navy SEAL. Burned the place to the ground to contain the outbreak. Yeah, something like that. I've been dying to ask you about it ever since I recognized you back in Seattle. You... You recognized me? Yeah, you're quite the celebrity now at the CDC. Jumping into every crisis imaginable. That's why they call you "Hot Zone". They call me what? Now, does the pointy end go down or up? Never mind, I'll figure out. Kyle, you are such an ass... Ah! Pointy end goes down, I knew it! Come on you know you're going to tell me eventually. I haven't seen Alan Farragut in a year, okay? I don't know where he is or what he's doing, and frankly, I don't care. 
 
 Peter : You Okay? Yeah, I'm fine, I... I fell into this animal trap. That's a punji trap, and it's not used to catch rabbits, it's used to catch humans. See? I did see someone. Maybe. Yeah? What did you see, exactly? Well, I'm not sure, but I thought I saw a woman in the brush and I guess I, I... You panicked. If there is someone else on this island, they may have eaten the same thing that killed the people on that boat, which makes it all the more important that we find out what it is and isolate it, so we can treat them before it's too late. Leila, I want you to take us to where you folks ate. That's the most likely place someone might have started sampling the local fauna... (voice fading out) (muffled echo): Leila... Can you hear me... (inaudible) There's... There's something over there. (insects chirping) Peter : I don't see anyone. At the... At the base of the tree. It's smiling at me. I don't think you need to be afraid. It's all going to be okay. No, I see it too. Okay... Wait here. Peter : It's human. Adult. Probably female. And she's not alone. (woman screaming) Leila? Leila! (grunting) Do you know the way to San Jose? I... I don't understand. Do you know the way to San Jose? You mean from here? (slowly): Do you know the way to San Jose? Yes! No what the hell do you want me to say? Okay... Okay, Okay, yes! Yes, I know the way! No, no, I know the way! Yes, I know the way! NO! Kyle : Leila! Jordan : Leila! Here. More blood. That's... probably 20 feet from the last drops? Relatively large drops major blood vessel, most likely. Not arterial? She can't be that far ahead of us. It's going to be dark soon. Where the hell can she be? I've got a good guess. No! (struggling): No! Texas. Please don't! No! Stop, stop! Please don't! Please don't! (cans rattling) Ugh! No, no, no! Please don't, no!! I knew one day you'd come. Jordan : We should really split up to look for Leila. We can cover more ground if we're searching independently. Really, Hot Zone? How much ground do you think you're going to cover with that foot? You know my foot's going to be fine, right? Don't try to pull that sh1t with me. You're going to deny what I'm capable of? Immunity from infection and an extraordinary recovery system hasn't made you special, Sarah. Just reckless. It's a gift, Peter. Kyle : Here we go. More blood, lot more. This is more of a pool than individual droplets. Looks like she was held here for a while. If she's losing blood at this rate, she's going to bleed out soon. Dr. Sommer, are you hurt? Your arm. What? Oh, I don't think so. Oh, my God! Jordan : Oh, my God... Kyle : Turn off your lights. What? Just do it! Peter : What's going on? Look out in the trees. See? How many rounds you got in that gun, Texas? Not nearly enough. woman : Please, come outside. I promise you won't be harmed. Well? It's either that, or go out like Butch and Sundance. What the hell does that mean? What... You've never seen Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid? What kind of American are you? Grab your things, let's go. I'm Dr. Peter Farragut, with the US Centers for Disease Control. My name is Ann. You should know you're trespassing on private property. There's a dead woman inside. She was murdered by someone on this island. I'm sorry. Was she a friend? Yeah. There's no need to lie. Alright, then, we just met her. How's that? You need to come with us. Why? Because the island is dangerous and we can offer you shelter. What about Leila's body? We need a fine autopsy. There's no time. What are you afraid of? We can explain everything at the compound. Now please, come with us. (inhaling slowly): Okay. Let's start over. You know my name... (groaning) What do I call you? Caleb. Alright. Caleb. Can I get some water? You're going to have to help me with that. I didn't come here to hurt you or anyone else. You've heard of the new outbreak back on the mainland, the one they're calling TXM-7? We have reason to believe the TXM-7 pandemic began here, on this island. There's no one sick here. Maybe not now, but 30 years ago, a chain of events was set in motion right here. I may be able to find a cure, but I need answers. Since when are your kind interested in mortal problems? Since we started dying too. Bullshit. Left shoulder. Take a look. I'm dying. Peter : We didn't mean to trespass, but this is an emergency situation. We're talking about an extremely virulent pathogen. Coastguard food was terrible. Beans in the chili? I mean, that's just wrong! I'm not accusing anyone of anything, but Leila was murdered, that much is clear. No. Never seen that many bodies in one place before. We need unrestricted access to your facility and personnel. I'm afraid we can't allow that. Our membership has cut all ties with the outside world. Come on, now, you're talking to us. Doesn't hurt, does it? This is a sanctuary. The people who joined us they're... trying to get away from people like you. Sister Amy. Are we really that bad? You remind them of things they left behind, and many of those are painful. You're doctors, I'm sure you don't want to cause pain. Peter : No, we don't. And please believe me when I tell you that we have nothing but the utmost respect for your beliefs. You're lying again. I don't believe I caught your name, ma'am. You weren't introduced. (door opening) (door slamming) I know you want to protect us. I can assure you we don't need your protection. Brother Michael provides for the safety of our physical as well as spiritual lives. And who's Brother Michael? He's a man, just like you. No more or less. I'd like to speak with him. You don't speak to Michael. He speaks to you. And when does that happen? Why, right now, Dr. Farragut. Drs. Farragut, Sommer, and Jordan, right? I'm Michael. Welcome. Allow me to return your credentials. I'm very glad Ann found you before too long. This island is quite dangerous outside these walls, home to two subspecies of black bear and the Labrador wolf. That's why we keep the perimeter electrified. Something more dangerous than wolves and bears out there. Someone killed our friend. Friend? Please, sit. Our... acquaintance. I suppose you might find the distinction trivial, but... we believe words have truth in them. We believe that they have meaning. Acquaintances, friends, family, lovers, those are definitions, not labels... Uh, but here I am, counselling you. And you're not here for that, are you? Peter : No, but we are here to find a truth as well. A medical truth, but a truth nonetheless. So I gather. Kyle : Oh, yeah? You listen in on our little conversation with the ladies? I love to eavesdrop. It's a terrible habit, I know. I picked it up from my mother, who was notorious for hanging about keyholes. I'm afraid I couldn't help myself. Well, speaking of help, you may want to ask your people to stop eating the food. How's that? - The victims on the ship, they ingested something on this island. We don't know that for sure, but your food and water supply may be contaminated by a toxic metabolite. We've been growing and eating our own food here for years with no ill effects. Nonetheless, I would strongly urge you to refrain from eating or drinking anything until we can run some tests. I accept your concern, and the spirit of generosity with which I know you offer it. There's still the matter of who killed Leila, our acquaintance. Any ideas? I told you, it's dangerous outside. Yeah, but we think it was more of a wo-legged danger. Probably more than one. Are there any other people on this island of yours? I'll have Ann prepare rooms for you. Sleep in peace, all of you, as our guests. We'll talk in the morning. What the hell was that? That was the head of a cult. Keep your voice down. I've got a feeling he's not the only one who likes to eavesdrop around here. - What do we do? We get some sleep. And tomorrow we figure out what the hell we've stumbled into. (door opening) Thank you. For what? Not killing me. That smells good. Tastes good, too. I'm looking for someone. I wonder if you could help me. Nuh-uh. Point me in the right direction? I'm looking for a man named Alan Farragut. What, you know him? Is he here on the island? He's here. Can you take me to him? Please, I... I have to see him. I can. But you may not like what you find. (knocking on door) (door opening) Thank you. (woman screaming) (woman sobbing) (gagging) (cracking) (groaning) (gagging and choking) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 