Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Black Rain - Helix 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Black Rain https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=109&t=15694 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/15/14 16:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Black Rain 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Helix... 
 Free me. 
 You need to leave here as soon as possible. 
 We're not gonna run. 
 Anana, if you scatter to the wind, you still have a fighting chance. 
 To live forever is to die 10,000 times. 
 We are talking about immortality. 
 But there's so much that's happened that we can't explain. 
 She doesn't have much time. 
 You believe you can save her? 
 No, but Julia can. 
 (Peter shrieking) 
 (lights buzzing) 
 (footsteps) 
 (beeping) 
 (squeaking) 
 Ah! (woman screaming) 
 (phone vibrating) 
 System voice :  Access granted. 
 (disks beeping) 
 (monitor beeping steadily) 
 (weakly): Alan. 
 No, don't get up. 
 You need to rest. 
 I'm fine. 
 You had a spinal tap. 
 All right? You had more than a sample's worth of cerebrospinal fluid taken out of you. 
 Your body needs to replenish itself. 
 When you put it that way... 
 How is Sarah? Did you do an MRI? 
 Yeah, and it's... It's incredible. 
 Her tumor is shrinking. 
 So it worked? 
 I thought you'd be thrilled. 
 I am. It's just... 
 Given the circumstances, I hope we did the right thing. 
 It was a quick call, but it was the right one. 
 I can't explain the science behind your... transformation, yet. But what you did for this girl... 
 I want to do for everyone who's infected on this base. 
 You cannot give everybody a CSF infusion. It'll kill you. 
 The genetic study Sarah was doing before she crashed my cells are going to be the key to finally taking down this disease. 
 We can save these people, Alan. 
 All right. But we need to work smart and fast. 
 This Ilaria problem will not go away, and I have no idea how much time we have left. 
 (knocking) 
 Set up a temp lab in here. 
 Go, I'll keep an eye on Sarah. 
 Is everything all right? 
 I'm afraid not. We have a serious problem. 
 A medical emergency? Is someone hurt? 
 Worse than that, I'm afraid, people are disappearing. 
 Dr. Kato went out to look for some food. 
 We warned her not to go alone, but she wouldn't listen. 
 That rat didn't crawl in there by itself. 
 The vectors are back. 
 What? 
 We haven't had a vector attack in two days. 
 Yeah. They're using bait, setting traps now. 
 They know food is scarce and people are desperate. 
 How? Viruses are not capable of complex thought. 
 Speaking off the cuff, I think these vectors represent a new step in evolutionary virology. 
 You make it sound like it's a good thing. 
 Far from it. 
 This is an evolved virus that both changes the host and stays activate until that host dies of other causes. 
 It's created a new kind of organism, a viral collective. 
 They were dangerous before. 
 What chance do we have now that they have evolved? 
 (Vector shouts.) 
 (happy instrumental music) 
 Right now the vectors are hunting us one by one. 
 Very soon, I believe they'll stage a large-scale coordinated assault. 
 They will have to wait in line. 
 Ilaria? 
 I intercepted a message from headquarters on Sutton's phone. 
 How many? 
 A strike team... of at least 100 mercenaries, well-armed. 
 That's not a strike team, it's an army. How long do we have? 
 Six hours at most. 
 They will storm the base, looking for the virus, and leave nothing behind. 
 But we don't even have the virus. 
 We destroyed it back at Echelon. 
 Mortal life means nothing to them. 
 Oh, as opposed to those of you who can live forever? 
 I know this is difficult for someone with a finite number of years... 
 I don't know what's worse: That you can stand there lying to my face, or that you actually believe what you're saying. 
 Did you get a headcount? 
 Uninfected personnel, about 20, plus five security techs. 
 And we're not exactly well- stocked with guns or ammunition. 
 If we don't act now, we risk full contamination. 
 We need to gather those 20 survivors and place them under armed guard in the Sun Room. 
 No air ducts. One point of access. 
 It's the only way to defend against a coordinated vector assault. 
 That only solves one of our problems. 
 How are we supposed to muster a defense against Ilaria's force? 
 Defense is not the plan. 
 I have placed explosives around the base, You have explosives? 
 To detonate unstable ice. 
 His grand plan? We draw Ilaria mercenaries inside, then set off the charges implode the entire base on top of them. 
 But what about my team? 
 What about the other uninfected scientists? The vectors? 
 Gather the uninfected, as you suggested. 
 As for the vectors, we are out of options. 
 And you still haven't answered my question. What about the rest of us? 
 Daniel : We'll have to evacuate the base. 
 No. There is a hidden bunker underneath the base, reinforced for earthquakes. 
 We will be safe there. 
 Daniel : What bunker? 
 We lost three people just this morning: Drs. Kato, Wenk, and Singer. Vectors are in the ducts, they're in the elevator shafts, everywhere! 
 Listen. The only way a vector can get into this room is through that door. 
 Peter came in through that very same door. 
 Not with armed security posted he didn't. 
 Isn't it the arm of security that got him inside in the first place? 
 Philippe, Philippe, listen to me. 
 All right... I think we got a message out calling for help. All right? 
 You're the only other person who knows about this, so you help me hold it together here, and we may just get out of this alive. 
 All right, Alan. 
 (growling) 
 You've entrusted me with the safety of this base. 
 Why would you keep this bunker from me? 
 There are things I thought would never come to light. 
 So you're only telling me now because you have to. 
 I should have told you. 
 Even if we survive the blast, how do we dig ourselves out afterward? 
 There is an escape tunnel that leads directly to the surface. 
 An escape tunnel? For all the earthquakes, right? 
 Daniel, I... 
 I mean, Miksa. 
 The world is closing in on us. 
 You mean on you. 
 The vectors are hunting us from within, Ilaria from without. 
 I cannot do this without you. 
 (monitor beeping steadily) 
 I'm giving the highest caliber weapons to my security team. 
 The rest we can store in this bunker of yours, in case there are any mercenaries left when we reach the surface. 
 Let's hope it does not come to that. 
 I remember when you first brought me here. 
 Taught me how to load a weapon. 
 I was five or six. 
 Back then I used to think you were some kind of wizard. 
 All children must learn their parents are fallible, not perfect. 
 You made that part easy for me. 
 You may loathe what I've done or what you believe I've done but you are still my son. 
 Am I? 
 Your feelings for me do nothing to diminish mine for you. 
 Alan, take a look at this. So, the double-stranded RNA instructions delivered to all my cells makes them express an all-purpose grappling hook. 
 Which would attach to any invader. 
 Right, marking that invader for destruction by my immune system. 
 If we can isolate the genetic sequence of instructions to express that protein on your cells... 
 We can insert those instructions, and reprogram the NARVIK virus to destroy itself. 
 But we don't have the NARVIK virus. 
 We incinerated it at Echelon. 
 Oh, goddamn it, Jules. 
 It was my call all the way. 
 This wasn't your call to make! 
 I had a theory. 
 A theory that could get us all killed, not to mention the seven billion other people on the planet! 
 Do you have any idea what you've done by bringing this back to the base? 
 I know better than anyone what this virus can do. 
 I also know that it's the only way we can help those seven billion people. 
 How could you be so reckless? You're no better than Hatake! 
 I guess I'm my father's daughter. 
 Jules... 
 I know I'm right about this. 
 We can save everyone. We can get Peter back. 
 If I'm wrong, I'll march downstairs and incinerate every last drop. 
 No. Not alone you won't. 
 Oh, my God. 
 (Dr. Kato whimpering) 
 (cutting) 
 Bunker will barely fit all of us. 
 Bunker? 
 These are living quarters. 
 How long has all this been here? 
 From the beginning. 
 Designed to be the safest place on the base. 
 Why? 
 Why did you build it? 
 Before I adopted you, there was another. 
 Another son? 
 A daughter. 
 She was not like you, not born on the ice. 
 So... you built this place for your daughter? 
 Her mother thought she would need a place to call home, to make her comfortable. 
 I did what was necessary. 
 To fool her? 
 To make her think that she was somewhere else? 
 To keep my family together. 
 I thought I was your family. 
 You are. 
 What was doesn't change what is. 
 And where are they now, your wife and daughter? Where did they go? 
 My daughter... is here now. 
 Julia Walker. 
 Walker? 
 So all of this, everything that happened, was all for her, to bring her back here? 
 The CDC, Peter Farragut... 
 All those people, infected, dying, dead! It was all for her? 
 She is important. 
 I need her. You don't need anybody. 
 We're all just an experiment to you. 
 Life... is an experiment. 
 (Daniel scoffs.) 
 You know what I'm gonna do, Father? 
 I'm gonna walk this base, and I'm gonna check every goddamn explosive charge, because I personally want to make sure that this place gets blown to hell. 
 I did the computer models of the double-stranded RNA proteins, but I can't get it to work in vitro. Well, if you guys unhook me from this, I can help you. 
 Yesterday, you were as good as dead, all right? Let's make sure you're not going to regress before we... 
 But I feel great. 
 Sarah, we have it covered. 
 Do you? 
 Because computer models are really only most effective in controlled environments, and this situation is anything but controlled. 
 Okay. 
 What do you have in mind? 
 In a fair fight, NARVIK will mutate to repel anything we throw at it, right? So... what we need is an unfair advantage. 
 We have to trust that our treatment will work fast enough. 
 No, wait, that's it. 
 There is no treatment that's fast enough, so what we need to do is slow down the virus long enough for the cure to take effect. 
 And we can do that by infusing it with cryo-fluid. 
 Did you just come up with that? 
 Actually, when my feet hit the cold ground. 
 Now, where are my clothes? I want to get back to work. 
 System voice :  Fire hazard. 
 
 
 
 ♪ The sun is out ♪ 
♪ The sky is blue ♪ 
♪ There's not a cloud to spoil the view ♪ 
♪ But it's raining ♪ 
♪ Raining in my heart ♪ 
♪ The weatherman says clear today ♪ 
♪ He doesn't know you've gone away ♪ 
♪ And it's raining ♪ 
 (group of people yelling faintly) 
 We need to seal off the Sun Room and track down Duchamp and the others. 
 There is no more time. 
 The vectors really did this? 
 The intelligence, the coordination... 
 Are we the only ones left? 
 I've got four techs not infected yet. 
 This was their plan all along. The traps, the bait. 
 Vectors wanted us to gather the uninfected in one place, and we gave them everything they wanted. 
 We cannot afford to look back. 
 We should commence the evac sequence immediately. 
 No, no, there is still time. 
 Our only hope is to retreat to the bunker and wait, then eliminate both threats with one blast. 
 So everyone else dies? 
 We have done all we can. 
 No. We've finally cracked the antiviral, and until Ilaria get here, we're going to help everyone we can, including vectors. 
 You need to ask yourself: are they worth saving? 
 That's an interesting question considering the source. 
 The have murdered and maimed, stolen the lives of others. 
 These are people, human beings! 
 Really? Your brother paid me a visit yesterday. 
 Only now do I understand why. 
 It was a warning. He knew what they were going to do. 
 I should have put Peter down when I had the chance! 
 Enough! That's enough! 
 In the last 11 days, I have been attacked, infected, left for dead, and crated like an animal! 
 Not to mention being transformed from the inside out. 
 I'm not gonna stand here and watch my father and my ex-husband behave like two schoolyard bullies. 
 Your father? What... 
 The vectors are working together. 
 If we can't manage that, maybe we don't deserve to survive. 
 The infection is similar to rabies. 
 Normally, we would treat it by coating the lymphatic tissue. 
 With an oral vaccine, of course. 
 Do you just expect them to line up and say, "Ah"? 
 No. We do it old-school bypass the mouth entirely by way of an intramuscular injection into the stomach. 
 Abdominal absorption works slowly. 
 Not if you've bonded the right protein accelerants. 
 It won't be immediate, but it should work quickly. 
 (vector shrieking in ducts) It better. 
 We know that extreme cold slows the virus, and likewise the vectors. 
 Dr. Jordan had the idea of infusing the cure into an ultra-low-temperature solution, giving the antiviral time to outperform the virus. 
 (rat squeaking) 
 (rat squeaking) 
 And how do you plan to get close enough to inject the vectors? 
 We've done it before. We'll shut off the power, chill the base down to below freezing. 
 If we cut the main power supply, the perimeter alert system will go dark. 
 We can't be blind with Ilaria a couple hours out. 
 Then the cure must be administered one vector at a time. 
 It's too bad we can't just wheel these out and douse them all cryo-fluid. 
 Maybe we can. 
 It's called Arca Indonesian for "statue." 
 It's a prototype to spread topical antidotes for chemical attacks. 
 Arca can harness most compounds at any temperature. all you have to do is adjust the settings. 
 I was not aware of this research. 
 What lab did this come from? 
 No lab. It was just... an idea I had. 
 You created this... Arca? 
 One man's scraps... 
 What the base discarded, I repurposed. 
 How did I not know? 
 You had more important things to do. 
 So, who's gonna do the honors? 
 Julia and I will go. 
 When Ilaria arrives, you must lead the survivors to the bunker, then detonate the charges. 
 (faint yelling) 
 (woman screaming) 
 (vector roaring) 
 Julia : Now! 
 (Peter roaring and shrieking) 
 Please. 
 I think it's working. 
 It is because of you that this is possible. 
 Oh, no, this is not father-daughter bonding time. 
 (vectors shrieking) 
 I thought we were immune to attack. 
 We are. But now they see one of their own in danger. 
 (vectors grunting) 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 We need to get these patients stabilized before we take them downstairs. 
 I've started grouping them according to condition. 
 The most serious cases are gonna go down first. 
 Great. 
 You okay? Sarah. 
 Ah, it's... it's just a headache. 
 No, look at me. Follow my finger. 
 Alan, do you think this is a reoccurrence of my tumor? 
 No, I've seen your scans, and your tumor appears to be in remission. But I am concerned. 
 Don't worry. We'll figure this out together. 
 Okay? 
 Okay. 
 Hey. 
 Shh, it's okay. You don't need to say anything. 
 Why... 
 Because you need rest. 
 Why me? 
 I don't... deserve. 
 You were there. I had the cure. 
 Good timing, I guess. 
 Peter's resting. 
 We need to talk. 
 Okay. 
 It's about Sarah. 
 What about Sarah? 
 She's having recurring symptoms nausea, headaches. 
 Do you think she's relapsing? 
 I don't know, but once we get down to the cabin, we won't have access to the right equipment. 
 System voice :  Perimeter breach. 
 This is it. Ilaria is here. 
 Perimeter breach. Perimeter breach. 
 Start getting people to the cabin now. 
 Okay. 
 Perimeter breach. Perimeter breach. 
 Perimeter breach. 
 Perimeter breach. The alarm was tripped a mile from the base entrance. Is that enough time to get everyone downstairs? We can use firepower to buy us a little more time. I see something. Headlights. How many? They are here. Wait until they get closer! We don't want to waste any ammo! Steady. Steady. Almost there. Now hold. Hold... and... Why'd they stop? Perhaps they did not want to be heard. Daniel : I'm not seeing anyone. My guess... is they'll stick to the high ground just north of the base, and coordinate an attack from there. We should make our way around, come at them from the south. Approach downwind from their position. Where'd the drivers go? There never was a driver. These are drones. This is... this is all wrong. (beeping) No! Get down! (explosion) Ahhh! It was a diversion! A diversion for what? As soon as Duchamp and his group get here, we'll blow the base. My staff... the scientists. Almost all here. You don't understand. We must detonate. Now. He's here. Who's here? What do you mean? The strike team? No. There is just one. That diversion was for one guy? They call him... The Scythe. He is... He's what? An assassin. The worst of us. (door beeping) Mon dieu. The call must have gone through. Are you with the army? (happy instrumental music) Come. We are going down with the others. Finally, a good day. We are being rescued and we have a cure for the virus. (door buzzer) (door buzzer) System voice :  Level R. (happy instrumental music) How long are we gonna wait? As long as we have to. If they're not down here by now, they're not coming. (Sarah groaning in pain) Sarah. You okay? Oh, this migraine, it's killing me. It's not a migraine. What's wrong with me? Daniel : We can't wait any longer. Do it. (beep) (beep) (beep) (beep) Amateurs. The NARVIK is gone. How? Hiroshi has it. Find him. What about the others? Exterminate. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 