Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Vade in Pace - Helix 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Vade in Pace https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=109&t=16851 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/07/15 09:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Vade in Pace 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Helix... 
 Do you remember anything from last night? 
 I was in the lab and then, I was attacked. 
 There's no baby. 
 You never wanted a baby in the first place. 
 That's not true! 
 Get out, Alan, I don't want to look at you. 
 Please! 
 I think Michael's going crazy. 
 Where do I find this Michael? 
 You told us you were the only one, but I saw her eyes, silver. 
 Of all my daughters... always been my favorite. Unh! 
 How long have you been working for Ilaria? 
 ALAN!! 
 You're not a god, you're a freak of nature. 
 Wonderful news! The good doctors from the CDC have developed a serum to combat the illness which has been plaguing our fellowship. 
 It's a thinning to wipe the slate clean and start over. 
 Mass suicide. 
 This crop is rotten, it needs to be plowed under. 
 (coughing) 
 ♪♪♪ 
♪ Remember when the AAA ♪ 
♪ Killed a million hogs a day ♪ 
♪ Instead of hogs it's men today ♪ 
♪ Plow the fourth one under ♪ 
♪ Plow under ♪ 
♪ Plow under ♪ 
♪ Plow under every fourth American boy ♪ 
♪ They said our agricultural system was about to fall ♪ 
♪ From Washington they sent a call ♪ 
♪ Plow the fourth one under ♪ 
♪ Plow under ♪ 
♪ Plow under ♪ 
♪ Plow under every fourth American boy ♪ 
♪ The price of cotton wouldn't rise ♪ 
♪ They said we've got to fertilize ♪ 
♪ So now unless they turn their eyes ♪ 
♪ Plow the fourth one under ♪ 
♪ 
 Everything that lives must one day fade away. 
 In its place, new roots take hold, new life grows. 
 There may be some impure elements left behind, some still will remain hidden within the abbey. 
 You want them killed. 
 Purified. 
 And what about the CDC? 
 Purify them first... but bring Dr. Jordan to me. 
 (theme music) 
 (knocking on door) 
 Sarah! 
 Sarah, open up. 
 (more knocks) 
 Sarah, please! 
 (more knocking) 
 Sarah! Sarah, open the door. 
 Look, what happened to you... Just... Sarah, don't shut me out, talk to me. 
 Please! 
 Open the door. 
 Sarah! 
 (more knocks) 
 (sigh) 
 Get out of my way, I need to get to the lab. 
 You're not seriously going back to work! 
 What would you like me to do, curl up in my bed and cry? 
 We have to get you off this island. 
 I'm not going anywhere until I find my baby. 
 It's still alive, Alan. 
 I know it is, somehow, I don't know how, but I know it's alive. 
 But I've run every possible prenatal test known to man, my baby is different, OK... 
 Our baby. 
 Exactly, so you should understand why I need to know one way or the other. 
 Day 8, St-Germain Abbey. Still haven't located the contact, I'm on my own. 
 Plans to make camp for the night to part at 0600 hours. 
 Potential contact Caleb has been there but, he knows nothing. 
 This island is nothing but a grave. 
 (metallic knocks from afar) 
 (metallic knocks continue) 
 What happened? 
 Are they...? 
 Are they all...? 
 The thinning is completed. 
 It was a terrible day, but a necessary one. 
 The children are... always the most difficult. 
 The tiny hands... 
 A pity they couldn't be spared! 
 I'm sorry you had to go through it alone. 
 It's not what you were saying yesterday. 
 I've had time to think... about Ann and Agnes... and all of my sisters. 
 Each of them had a role... as I now have mine. 
 And what is that? 
 To surpass them. 
 To not just be another portrait on that wall, but... to outshine them all. 
 You... you need a partner by your side. 
 A pillar of strength. 
 Not a sheep to slaughter. 
 Honor me! 
 Make me the first in a new line. 
 You remind me of Abigail, our first mother. 
 Let me take her place. 
 By your side. In your bed. 
 (clinking) 
 (latch clicking) 
 Since you've grown to womanhood... 
 I've so looked forward to our planting ritual. 
 Your mother was a fine... and decent woman, but you... with... fire... 
 (noise approaching) 
 (door closing) 
 You're not to come in here. 
 What is this!? What...? 
 Ah! Were you waiting until I was actually in labor? 
 What do you think you're doing? Get your HANDS off me! 
 (snicker) I'm afraid there has been a change of plans. 
 There isn't going to be a planting ritual today. 
 Or ever. 
 It's different when it's murder. 
 I've dug graves in the most... remote corners of the Earth, but this... 
 (whispered) I'm so sorry. 
 I never thought he'd go through with this. 
 He won't get away with it. 
 Ha, of course he will. 
 Who's going to stop him? 
 I have... associates coming to the island soon. 
 Oh my God! 
 What happened? 
 What are you doing here? 
 Found him last night. Ann too. 
 They were in some big pit. 
 You son of a bitch! 
 Ah! 
 Hey! 
 (grunts) 
 Hey! Alright, hey! 
 Alright, knock it off, that's enough. Alright, stop it! 
 Knock it off! That's it, that's' enough! 
 (machine gun fire) 
 (metal dropping on floor) 
 What the hell is going on? 
 Secure the exits, I want this entire facility locked down and no one in or out without my direct orders. 
 Yes, ma'am. You, with me. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Dr. Farragut? 
 Lieutenant Commander Winger! 
 The CDC sent us back for you, you're being evacuated. 
 Why? 
 Because this is no longer the only island under quarantine. 
 Pathogen is spreading. 
 Is this all from the pathogen? 
 It wasn't the pathogen... they were murdered. 
 The result of the island's cult leader cooling on his followers just like Jim Jones. 
 We should just go... 
 Easy, boys! 
 Hold on. 
 Commander, how is it possible that the pathogen has spread? 
 You said there were no other islands in the vicinity. 
 Officially, there aren't, unofficially, a US military radar outpost is located 40 miles to the southwest. They've lost 75 people who are getting sick and dying every day. 
 Must be the bees! 
 Yeah, maybe they got caught in the Jetstream and blown down to the islands. 
 Bees? 
 It's not confirmed yet, but we think the bees responsible for spreading the infection. 
 You have more experience with this than anyone on the planet. 
 That's why my orders are to get you to St-Sebastian ASAP. 
 Oh, we can't just run off, we haven't even contained the pathogen here! 
 My orders are very clear. 
 Well, I'm not leaving. 
 Sarah, I'll handle this. 
 Peter, don't... 
 You two! 
 Sarah, maybe you should go with them, get off the island. 
 Who the hell is this? 
 He's no one. 
 This is Dr. Alan Farragut, one of the top infectious disease specialists in the world. 
 How many Dr. Farraguts are there? 
 He's my brother. 
 Is he as much of a pain in the ass as you? (sighing) Tell me, is the other Dr. Farragut as good as Dr. Jordan claims he is? 
 Yeah, yeah, he is. 
 Great, then he's coming too. 
 I don't work for the CDC. 
 And I don't care. 
 I'm not coming with you. 
 You're coming. On your own or bound and gagged, your choice. 
 What about the other survivors, Ann and her people? 
 There are 2 coastguard cutters a day behind us. They'll be rounding up any survivors. 
 It's a mandatory evacuation. The island is being quarantined. 
 No. You can't. 
 It's the only way to eliminate the pathogen. 
 St-Germain has been our home for hundreds of years. 
 For most of us, the only home we've ever known. 
 The dead deserve our respect. 
 I agree. 
 You have 24 hours to give it to them. 
 But... 
 This isn't an argument. 
 It's my call. I won't be responsible for another Narvik. 
 (sigh) 
 Dr. Farragut, where do you think you're going? 
 If you want to bring my brother along, fine. 
 But right now, I'm caring for these people, and that's my call. 
 Ann, wait! 
 What are you doing, Peter? 
 Don't abandon your friends for me. 
 Hey! 
 I went missing for 3 days... and they didn't make much of an effort to find me. 
 (Both sigh) 
 Are you OK? 
 I feel so lost... alone. 
 We kept out the outside world for so long, but I was always afraid this day would come. 
 I won't let them destroy your home. 
 Thank you, Peter. 
 Now, I need to go pay respects to our dead. 
 Not alone, you don't. 
 My... friends... they may not care about giving those people a proper burial, but I'm not like them. 
 (chimes) 
 How does it feel, choosing another's path? 
 You tell me. You've been doing it for centuries. 
 I've always enjoyed my unique place in this world. 
 Take Agnes, for example: her death was swift and merciful. I saved her from a long and painful decline. 
 Don't you talk about her. 
 You don't have that right. 
 Of course I do, I made her and I ended her just as I'm going to end you. 
 That's a lot of big talk for a man facing the end of his path. 
 I'm going to enjoy not having to hear you chirping in my ear every day. 
 You say that, but what are you going to do? 
 What are you going to DO, girl? 
 You want to kill me. I've lived 500 years. 
 Death waits... for me. 
 No matter what you do, I will live forever. 
 Good. 
 I'm counting on it. 
 Hey! 
 What happened to you last night? 
 Are you OK? 
 I, uh... I don't really want to talk about it. 
 OK. 
 Just glad you're all in one piece. 
 Doesn't... doesn't really feel like that. 
 You'll feel better once we get off this island. 
 Can't imagine how things could get more insane. 
 (sighing) I can. 
 Hm! Oh, right, found this old ledger. 
 Some kind of genealogy record dating back to the 1600's. 
 Here's the weird part: look at the father's name. 
 He's listed as the father for every child over the last 400 years. Has to be a mistake. 
 Michel Dubois... 
 It's Michael. 
 Michael couldn't have fathered every kid in that book! 
 What if he did and what if it has to do with the pathogen? 
 Come on, things are intense enough without you screwing with my head. 
 Look, Kyle, we really need to talk. 
 About what, a 500 year old man? 
 This is payback for all the hot zone stuff, right? 
 How do you expect me to believe that you're... 
 Immortal? It's OK, you can say it. 
 I understand that this is very difficult to grasp, but what could I possibly gain by lying to you? 
 That's what I'm trying to figure out. 
 Maybe you're sick! You know, paranoid delusions are a symptom of the pathogen. 
 Preceded by jaundice and fungal nodules, neither of which I have. 
 Come on, this is crazy. 
 What about my foot injury? 
 You stitched it up yourself, right? 
 The spike tore through the sesamoid and took a good 2 inches of skin. 
 It took 18 hours to heal. 
 And my stab wound, you saw how much blood I lost. I had a punctured lung, a lacerated liver, OK, so you've got a hell of an immune system, still, it doesn't prove the other thing. 
 Tell me, Kyle, what other reasonable explanation is there for this? 
 No. NO! 
 There's no way it can be true! 
 (sigh) 
 Stop screwing around. The honey's dangerous! 
 It is, isn't it? Highly infectious, crawling with mycotoxins? 
 Sarah, Jesus! D-Don't, that's suicide! 
 Delicious. 
 Brother Harris. 
 He cared for the roses. 
 Knew to the day when they would bloom. 
 You say this happened before. 
 Yes. 
 Most recently, about a hundred years ago. 
 Then, as now, the fellowship failed. 
 It was Michael, wasn't it? 
 Even back then? 
 Yes. 
 But how did you know? 
 I've... known quite a few immortals, Ann. 
 How many? 
 At the beginning, there were 500. 
 We thought he was a god. 
 Never aging, healing so quickly. 
 He told us he was the only one and we never questioned it. 
 We trusted him. 
 But when Agnes saw Dr. Jordan's eyes, she knew. 
 We were such fools! 
 You had no reason not to believe him. 
 But now, I do. 
 And he's going to have to answer to me. 
 I've been wanting to tell you for a while. 
 Why, so my head could explode? 
 No, I didn't like lying to you. 
 Like it was difficult for me to accept too, but it's who I am now. 
 So all the times I was worried sick about you... 
 It was... it was very sweet. 
 
 
 
 (machine gun fire and screams) 
 AH! 
 Stop it! Stop shooting! 
 Stop it! 
 Get out of the way, Dr. Farragut! 
 You tell your men we're here to cure this pathogen, not murder its victims! 
 What happened? 
 Came out of nowhere. 
 He must have been hiding inside the building. 
 No, I saw this man 5 days ago outside this gate. 
 That's not possible. 
 He chased me and Peter, I put 2 bullets in him myself. 
 (shots) 
 Thought you said they were all dead? 
 We thought they were. 
 You thought...? 
 I want 2 men on the gates at all times. 
 Yes, ma'am! 
 We're getting the hell out of here. 
 No, we can't leave, we need this mycotic right away. 
 Myc... what!? 
 No, no more stalling. Finish packing up and let's go. 
 No. No, Sarah's right, this pathogen kills in 2 days and this man's been alive for at least 5. 
 So? 
 So if the mycotics outside the wall are not dying, we need to figure out why! 
 This could be the break that leads us to the cure. 
 You really think you have something? 
 We won't know until we can do an autopsy. 
 (forced sigh) 
 A "quick" autopsy. 
 We ship out at 1600. 
 So, is this it, my dear? 
 Hm? Is this your grand plan? 
 Most of it. 
 And do you think you've... beaten me? 
 You've imprisoned the king, congratulations! 
 That would make you... the queen... (laughing) of nothing! 
 This coming from a man who just killed his children. 
 Yes, yes... 
 Yes, I've killed... a thousand of my children. 
 And I will create a thousand more and kill them all over again. 
 Children... are simply wisps of dandelions. 
 Such bravado... for a man who stayed hidden on an island his entire life. 
 Men have worshipped me, little girl. 
 I'm sorry, I can't hear you from up here. 
 Ah, get on with it already. 
 GET ON WITH IT! 
 Fill this pit with... snakes or rats or whatever else you imagine might frighten me. 
 Um... no. 
 Wh... what, then? 
 You're going to burn me? 
 Drown me? 
 Armies have tried to kill me... and failed. 
 It's ready. 
 Is that my punishment finally arriving? 
 It is! 
 A fitting end for a king, if I do say so myself. 
 (clunking) 
 (more clunking) 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 I'm creating a... monument to you, a shrine. 
 You think this is going to scare me? 
 (snicker) 
 You can't do this to me, I'm your father! 
 And I'm a dandelion... with teeth. 
 YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME! 
 I WILL HAVE CENTURIES! 
 You know what to do. 
 And you have mere seconds. 
 Three layers. 
 You will become DUST! 
 AND THE DUST WILL SETTLE UPON THIS ISLAND, and when I'm free, I WILL WALK UPON THAT DUST! 
 NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO, YOU WILL WITHER AWAY AND DIE! 
 I WILL LIVE FOREVER! 
 AND YOU... WILL... 
 DIIIIIE!! 
 (Last word dies out muffled.) 
 (regular, rhythmic metallic knocking) 
 (last knock) 
 (more knocks) 
 (2 knocks in response) 
 AH! AAH! 
 Um, I'll meet you at the autopsy, there's something I need to do. 
 Be careful with that one, she's dangerous. 
 Amy, I need to speak with Michael, where is he? 
 Dr. Jordan. I understand you and your friends will be leaving us soon. 
 It'll be a shame to see you go. 
 Actually, it turns out we're not leaving just yet so I need to see Michael. 
 Hm, I'm sorry, Michael's no longer in charge here. 
 Then who is? 
 You're kidding me, right? 
 Given our recent tragedy, I'd expect more compassion from you. 
 Compassion!? 
 You people ripped my baby out of me. 
 I wasn't even aware you were pregnant. 
 You've really kept your figure! Do you think this is a joke? 
 Of course not. No one here would ever hurt a baby. 
 I don't know what happened to you, but if you want my help, all you need to do is ask. 
 (someone approaching from behind) 
 Dr. Jordan? 
 Lieutenant Commander Winger requests you don't stray from the group. 
 Are you saying you can help me find my baby? 
 Of course! Michael's gone, his fellowship won't run on fear anymore. 
 Dr. Jordan, please. 
 I haven't seen Sarah in a while, any idea where she's gone off to? 
 She wanted to have a word with Amy. 
 And you let her? 
 I think Sarah can take care of herself. 
 What with all the... immortality stuff! 
 Oh... so you're up to speed on that, are you? 
 Seriously!? 
 I didn't believe it at first either. 
 But trust me, it's real. 
 Was she born that way? 
 No, made. 
 By who? 
 It's a long story. 
 But it all ties back to Ilaria. 
 Aw, come on! 
 You're not gonna try and connect them to this too, are you? 
 It's why I'm here, it's why the world thinks I'm a criminal. Ilaria is run by immortals and I am trying to stop them. 
 Gentlemen, anything to report? 
 Uh, we still have to run a tox panel to be certain, but this is promising. The subject's teeth are discolored with a... a red substance. 
 He has traces of the same substance under his fingernails, in his hair... 
 So he doesn't brush after meals, what are you telling me? 
 Found this in his stomach. 
 That looks like tree sap. 
 Maybe sangre de grado, it's a medicinal resin. 
 Whatever it is, he's been practically living off it. 
 And you think this gunk may lead to a cure? 
 It's a lead. Right now, it's the only lead we have, and it's the reason we can't leave this island. 
 Hey, wait a minute... 
 I agreed to an autopsy, nothing more... 
 And our autopsy uncovered a potential treatment. A treatment, not a cure! 
 The victims are still showing all the symptoms of mycosis! 
 At the very least, we need to get out there and investigate, find out what it's all about. 
 Outside the walls? 
 This island is littered with corpses. I am not adding another name to the list. 
 You know what, Peter? 
 You are right for once in your... life! 
 This has nothing to do with me. 
 Dr. Farragut You can shoot me, Commander, I'm done. 
 I don't know what kind of sh1t show you people are used to running, but this is not how we do things. 
 I'll talk to him. 
 Sarah... 
 Peter, get out of my way. 
 If you leave this room, you are finished with my team, do you understand? 
 It was never your team, Peter, you were just keeping Helen's chair warm. 
 (sighing) Alan... 
 This wasn't supposed to happen. 
 I wanted all of you as far away from this as possible. All I wanted was to... 
 (sighing) ...was to stop Ilaria to beat them at their own game. 
 I never meant to be involved with the CDC. 
 I know you didn't, but now, you are involved. 
 Not anymore. I'm sorry, Sarah. 
 Alan, this is why you're here. 
 You want to stop Ilaria, you stop this pathogen, you find a cure. If this isn't part of Ilaria's grand plan, it will be as soon as they find out how deadly it is. 
 Peter won't go out there, Kyle doesn't have the experience, I've never asked you for anything, I'm asking you for this now so that I can go and find our baby. 
 Amy knows something, I... 
 I need to stay here and find out what it is. 
 Please. 
 (sniffle) 
 All right. 
 All right, I'll go. 
 (big sigh) 
 I said right. 
 A little to the right. 
 (sigh) 
 (sigh) 
 What is going on here? 
 Mother! Thanks for stopping by! 
 (sighing again) Do you think I should keep the rug? 
 So many wonderful memories! 
 Where's Michael? 
 Michael is... no longer with us. 
 He's found a new path. 
 What did you do? 
 What you never had the courage to do. 
 That means... you and me, we are responsible for the abbey now. 
 No, not you and me. 
 Just me. 
 Don't be ridiculous, you're my daughter. 
 And you're my mother who authorized our father's request to impregnate me. 
 You've lost your rights along with Michael. 
 The abbey is mine now. 
 I won't let you destroy our home. 
 Not after the destruction Michael has caused already... 
 Agnes is dead, Michael is gone. 
 There's no one left to cuddle you anymore. 
 Peter was right, you had me sent to the oubliette. 
 You, child. 
 All this chaos, this death and destruction... 
 You cannot take what he has. 
 You cannot be what he has been. 
 I don't want to be him. 
 I want more. 
 There was a time... when buildings stood for centuries as men were reduced to crawling on their knees. 
 But no longer. 
 Why did you release me? 
 What is it you want from me? 
 My name is Julia Walker. 
 I came looking for you once, Michael, thirty years ago. 
 I needed your help then, maybe you can help me now. 
 Thirty years. 
 But time has no meaning. 
 Thirty years can be a day or an eternity. 
 I'm looking for something special, something that was rumored to be on this island decades ago. 
 I'm looking for a child. 
 There's a new disease that's killing our kind. 
 We believe the only way to cure it is through immortal stem cells and we believe that child to be the key. 
 I remember. 
 Do you remember where it is? 
 Every day, in that pit, I was plagued by knowledge of that child. 
 Reminded of the failure of my work... with my own children, with my own life. 
 Can you tell me where it is? 
 Tell you, no. 
 I can show you. 
 What happened? Where's Sarah? 
 She had business to take care of. I'm going in her place. 
 Where's Peter? 
 Stormed away once we all took your side. 
 Why the soap opera doctor? 
 It wasn't my intention. 
 If you're wrong about this, we're screwed. 
 I'm wrong about this, we're all screwed. 
 The child's out here? 
 Yes. 
 There's a... a cleft in the rock leading to a small cave. 
 I swear! 
 I swear it was here! 
 A lot can change in 30 years. 
 Oui, plus ça change, plus c'est pareil. 
 (gasp) AH! 
 (cries of struggle) 
 Ha ha ha! 
 Very good! 
 Well, thank you, Miss Walker, for releasing me, I'm a patient man, but even my patience has its limitations. 
 I wouldn't want any of your immortal friends knowing of my existence. 
 Better to be discreet, don't you think? 
 Out of sight, out of mind. 
 (gasping) 
 (swish and a grunt) 
 (splash) 
 (grunt) 
 (panting) 
 I guess the sword works. 
 How are you feeling, Sarah? 
 May I call you Sarah? 
 You want to help me? 
 OK, tell me what happened to me and my baby. 
 Nothing. 
 You call being drugged and forced to undergo an abortion nothing? 
 Hm! 
 We didn't give you an abortion. 
 We simply induced labor. 
 You did what? 
 I told you. 
 We'd never hurt a baby. 
 Would we, Landry? 
 We would never hurt a baby. 
 See? 
 It's right there. 
 And I'd be happy to give it back to you... you just... have to give me something in return. 
 What? 
 Immortality. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 