Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - Plan B - Helix 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - Plan B https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=109&t=17530 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/28/15 07:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - Plan B 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Helix... 
 What's so important about this root? 
 You're missing the point. Mother is a means to an end. 
 It's very dangerous. 
 Dr. Kyle! 
 SHUT UP! SHUT UP! No! 
 Dr. Kyle's not feeling very well. I want you to stay away from him until we can get him some of that red sap. 
 Why not just bring him to the bleeding tree? 
 (grunting) 
 (yelling) 
 Don't hurt her! 
 Find me! 
 Say goodbye to your son! 
 That baby is the key to giving you immortality. 
 We'll have to implant the baby into your uterus. 
 I'm going to be a mother! 
 No... No! NO! 
 At some point, you must decide what kind of man you want to be: one who fears or one who inspires fear. 
 Are you ready to lead? (beeping) Our latest compound. It was hard to mass produce on such short notice, but I think we finally got it. Let me be the judge of that. (mechanical clunking) (buzzer) (gas hissing) (baboon hooting) It's an organophosphate pesticide, similar to VX gas. It kills everything it touches. (screeching) And that should do it. Exactly how many barrels do you need? All of them. (gurgling softly) You're a natural with that baby. You'll be the father he needs. I don't know anything about being a parent. You don't need to. You're a born leader. You will help us to rebuild, fill this room with the sounds of children once again. He needs a name. (snorting) I hadn't even thought of that. Well, we can choose a name later. Right now, we have a job to do. Loose ends that need to be tied up. Loose ends? The skeptics, of course. If we're going to rebuild, there can be no interference. We can easily expel them from the abbey. If you think that's best. You don't? I'm worried they might expose us. Can we afford to take that risk? Sarah would leave. Probably Kyle, too. But Alan... He's like a dog with a bone. He'd never leave us in peace. I will stand behind any decision you make. Shh. None of them can leave the island. Not even your brother? Especially not my brother. Exactly how are you going to get a baby inside of me? With this. What is it? An artificial umbilical cord and placenta that will allow us to implant Jordan's baby into your uterus. And then I'll be like my father? Not yet. Your body's not ready to carry a baby. Well, get on with it. Sorry. We'll need to raise your estrogen and progesterone levels so we can be sure the implant will take. (spitting) Is this really necessary? The sap is holding off the mycosis, but you're still plenty sick. How are you going to do that? It's not as though we have barrels of estrogen lying around. You do have livestock. A gradual course of bovine hormones should shock your body into creating the proper environment for the foetus. When can I go see my mom? We'll find her for you, but we need to do some tests on you, figure out why you got better. Think you can help us with that? Sure. When do I become immortal? Once your system begins to react to the baby's immortal blood, it should allow you to absorb the same genetic materials that kept it in stasis for 15 months. Now that you got that sap, we got to get off this island. I need to distill it first into a concentrate for Kyle and anyone else who may be sick. You can do that once we're off the island. I'm calling in an immediate evac. Dr. Farragut... Take Soren to the Octagon. Alan... Jules. What are you doing here? Looking for you. But you've been busy, with your new friends at Ilaria. Same friends you've been stalking and killing? I searched everywhere for you. I burnt down every Ilaria stronghold I could find. I never asked you to do that. The last thing you said was "Find me." You're right. Things are different now. Listen, Alan. Ilaria's planning to release a new version of Narvik worldwide. When? Two days, unless I can give them a viable alternative. To genocide? The infertility compound in Michael's apple, it's the only option they'll consider. That's the plan? Slow death of the human race as opposed to all at once? We can control the output, limit the population without exterminating them. Spoken like Hatake's daughter. I am Hatake's daughter. It's either this or Narvik, so help me or get out of my way, but don't interfere. Or what, Jules? What are you going to do? What happened to the woman I fell in love with? She became immortal. What happened to these two? I don't ask questions. Amy said to take care of the bodies. Good riddance for this one. Never liked him much. (growling) (bones cracking) (groaning) Easy, Landry... They said you were dead! (growling) (clanging) (theme music playing) It's too far to jump, and even if you didn't break your legs in the fall, where would you go? As far away from here as I could. There's no running away from here. Could you give us a minute? Amy told me to keep an eye on her. And I'm telling you she's not a prisoner. Now leave us. I'm sorry, Sarah. I didn't mean for any of this... Save it. I'm not letting you give my child to Amy. If I don't make Amy immortal, she won't give me Mother. Without the root, I can't stop Ilaria. And the only option is using the child I made with Alan. You have to trust me. This is the only way we can save the world and your baby. By putting him inside that psychopath? The foetus stopped growing inside you. Maybe gestating inside a mortal will allow it to grow again. If we try this, we give your baby a chance to live. (Kyle grunting) (dialling) (beeping) Make sure he can't hurt himself. He's still part of the CDC team. This isn't necessary. I'm fine! We have a new problem. You guys were doing such a good job of handling the old one. There's going to be a new Narvik outbreak. What? In two days' time. You need to contact your superiors. I've been trying to hail them since we got back. I'm not getting any response. Are their comlinks down? That would never happen. Unless... What? I need to make visual contact. Oh, my God. What? What am I looking at, a rescue? Just the opposite. They're going to kill everything. What the hell is going on? Why are those ships out there? After the first Narvik attacks, the military enacted a new set of protocols to deal with an aggressively infections disease. Anything with an R nought over 8 is met with a two-part response. Plan A is aggressive containment. But isn't that what you came to do? And we thought we succeeded. But now that the pathogen has hit our ships, they must have decided to implement Plan B. Which is what? Eradication. Aerial spraying with an organophosphate pesticide. They're going to kill everything on the island. And you knew this was coming? We should have been long gone by now. What are you doing? Preparing for an evacuation. You don't understand; Plan B involves killing all life forms on this island. There is no evac. Well then, you need to call them on a different frequency and tell them there are still people here. The protocol assumes everyone has been exposed and the pathogen is untreatable. communications are jammed to avoid the possibility of rescuing any of the infected who could spread the disease. Dr. Farragut, we're dead. Not if I can synthesize a cure. We don't have time. The planes will be coming in to spray at sunset. Then we have roughly six hours. You send your team out there, have them find us a secure place to hunker down when they start spraying, and if I can make this concentrated sap work, we'll hail the Navy somehow and negotiate our way out. woman : Hello, Doctor. I need to speak to Dr. Summer. We've been given orders to keep him isolated. He works for the CDC and is under my command, so unless you want to take this up with the Inspector General, I suggest you step aside. You've got two minutes. Thank you. Thank you, Lieutenant. How are you doing, pal? Never felt better. That's good. I wouldn't want anything else to happen to you while you're here on this island. The attacks, the illness... You've had some pretty bad luck since you got here. Guess so. But I guess we both know it's not really bad luck, right? We know who's responsible. Responsible? For all the bad things that have happened to you, to me, to Sarah. It's Alan. He's the one behind all our troubles. He is? Someone needs to stop him before it's too late. I could stop him. That's why they sent me here. Of course you can. If you weren't tied up in here... Why don't we just keep this between us, yeah? Thank you, Doctor Summer. Have you heard? You're going to be a grandmother. Why are you doing this, Amy? I'm giving your life purpose. You should be thanking me. What's that supposed to mean? You've always needed someone to worship. When Ilaria finishes making me immortal like Father, you can bow before me. You think that's what I want? For you to be immortal? Nothing could be farther from the truth. chuckling : Oh, right. You're still mad that I'm in charge now? I'm not mad. Maybe that's your problem. Don't you ever want to get really angry? Scream at someone? Hit them in the face? I don't have a problem. I'm just giving you a chance to apologize. (laughing) Apologize? For what? You've hurt a great many people. I hope one day you'll realize how your actions have ruined the lives of others. And I hope you'll come off your high horse. If I wanted counselling, I'd go to Michael. (sarcastic gasp) Too late for that now. Just remember, I gave you a chance. Sergio? What happened? One of the followers found him. I thought you should know. Balleseros was a highly-trained mercenary. Who here could have done this to him? I'm sure Amy was behind this. You're probably right. She still has what I need. What are you looking for? This. Why don't we just take the root from Amy? She has it hidden. We have to go through with the procedure. Fine. I'm going to help you. But this better save my child. Why do you need to take my blood? Because blood is everything. It can tell us all about you, what makes you the same as others, what makes you different. Right now, I'm trying to see why you got better and others didn't. My theory is that your blood is unique. So now I can analyze it to see if the data supports that. Does that mean that I can make Dr. Kyle better? Maybe, in combination with the red sap from the bleeding tree. Just as I thought. Your blood is very special. Really? Can I see? Yeah, yeah, come on. Wow! What does it mean? It means we might just be able to manufacture a cure for the mycosis. Move. Can you show me how? 
 
 (door opening) Soren! Mom! I thought I'd lost you. Soren, what happened to your eye? I'm OK now. Dr. Kyle and Jerome... I mean, Alan, they brought me home. They saved me. He was very brave. I owe you, and Michael always told us to pay our debts. Mom. He's going to show me how to make the cure. Dr. Summer. Time to eat. (head slamming) (grunting) (groaning) Help me... I'm sorry, Lieutenant Humphries, but your path ends here. (blade slicing) (Humphries groaning and choking) (distorted sound and screeches) Peter? What happened? Is the baby hurt? No, he's fine. Not a scratch on him. And you? I'm good. Really good. (gurgling) Yeah! So it's done? Just like we talked about. Did anyone see you? We have to be careful. Huh! I think he smiled at me! Did you see that? He smiled! Now it's your turn. Are you ready? More than ready. Good. This should be over by nightfall. Hey! Remind you of anything? Where's Dr. Summer? No one knows. There were no witnesses. This is wrong. Tell me about it. No... I mean, mycotics are brutal. They... They're clumsy. They kill from a deep psychosis. This is surgical, it's... precise. The almost poetic reference to the tree... So who do you think did it, Robert Frost? Has anyone been in here besides us today? The other CDC doctor. He was here. Peter Farragut, my brother? He wanted to talk to Dr. Summer. Came in throwing his weight around. How long did they spend together? What are you getting at, Alan? I don't think Kyle did this. I am not debating this. We've got three hours before sunset. Continue with locking down the interior. If you come across Dr. Summer, orders are shoot on sight. Now, wait a minute... I'm not taking any more chances with the lives of my men! Move out! coast guard officer : Let's go! other officer : Come on! Thank you for your sacrifice. You died to ensure his glory. Don't worry... I'll be a good mother. Soon, the three of us will be sisters. Just rest now. It'll be over soon. Interesting choice of words. Just remember... If anything happens to me, you'll never find Mother. I made sure of that. (inhaling) She's out. Don't. You don't understand. It's not your child. Sarah, I can't let you kill her. I need you to trust me. (slow, deep breathing) Landry? Landry? Landry, my sweet boy. You can come out. No one is going to hurt you. (breathing heavily) Are you in pain? Amy... Your sister is on a dangerous path, and I fear she has corrupted yours. Your feelings for her will be your undoing. You must break free from the hold she has over you. NO! (choking) (grunting angrily) Landry... Landry... Please! ARGH! No... Landry, please! UNH! Amy. Weakly : Mmm... Amy, can you hear me? Mm-hmm... How do you feel? Fine, I... I don't feel any pain, nothing... You don't feel anything because the procedure was successful. You really did it? See for yourself. (gasping) Finally! I'm immortal. (laughing) Immortal! Just like I was always meant to be. (laughing and crying) (door slamming) What do you want, Peter? I want nothing from you, brother. Oh... well then, maybe you have a confession to make? You want a confession? If the tables were turned, I wouldn't have helped you out of that pit, either. Get out of my way. I spoke to Julia. She'd like to see you. What are you, her errand boy? There's a new development, something about Narvik C. What about it? She wouldn't tell me. I guess it's the Jules and Alan show again, just like old times. Spare me, Peter. You made your own bed. Look, I said I'd tell you. Go see her, don't go see her, I don't care. Where is she? In the botany lab. What's she doing there? How the hell should I know? I'm just the errand boy. (distorted sounds and screeching) (whistling  Somewhere Over the Rainbow) Jules? Jules! (grunting) WOO! Think I got me a big one! (choking) (struggling) (laughing maniacally) Well, well, well! Kyle... Don't "Kyle" me! I'm on to you. Took me a while to figure it out, but... Ha! I got your number now, doc. You're sick! No, my friend, you're sick. Back when I was sojourning at Casa del Cadmus, I had some time to think. And the one thought that kept gnawing at my brain was, what in the world was Dr. Alan Farragut doing on this island for all those months before the contagion hit the boat? I mean, if you were really here to stop the worldwide immortal conspiracy, why didn't you kill Michael? (struggling to speak) You had plenty of opportunities. What now? Can't hear you. Ilaria... Ilaria. Right. (dropping tool) (glass shattering) Ahh... You're in Paris, picking off immortals one by one, but you realize, ha! That could take forever. Then you get a piece of intel about a rogue immortal running experiments on this island, so, you hop a boat and join the fellowship. HALLELUJAH! Cut me down... You really wanted to stick it to Ilaria, didn't you? So you stay here. But not working against Michael, no! Working for him. Developing the perfect biological weapon of a fungus that would affect anybody who ingested it. You created this. You did this to me. No... Thought you were going to watch me die, did ya? Now I'm going to return the favour. And then I think I'm gonna eat your eyes. (groaning) You know what I don't understand? Why we go to such inexhaustible lengths to hide these. Michael with his injections, you with your contact lenses... I will never hide my glorious silver eyes. It's time for you to keep up your end of the deal. Where's Mother? Why you care about a dried-up old root is beyond me. I couldn't see before. But now... Everything is so clear, so endless. (mirror shattering) Well that's seven years' bad luck. I'm not going to ask you again. What do we care? Seven years is a drop in the bucket... Just because you're immortal doesn't mean you can't die. Fine. If you want it that badly, you'll find it in the hollowed-out belly of an old tree stump 150 yards north of the main gate. man : More duct tape here! second man : Tighter up here! Woman : Coming right up! Disable the fan! More over there... (choking gasps) What's wrong, Doc? Can't hold out any longer? OH! What's this? You want to play too, huh? Huh? (groaning) Are you kidding? Gear up, boys, this is going down! Get your MOPP suits and gas masks on. Just a second here, (Over the Rainbow (gas hissing) ♪ Somewhere over the rainbow ♪ 
♪ Way up high ♪ 
♪ There's a land that I heard of ♪ 
♪ Once in a lullaby ♪ 
♪ Somewhere over the rainbow ♪ (laughing hysterically) You see Father? I'm just like you, only better! You spent 500 years trying to make an immortal, and I... I succeeded in a mere 19! (giggling) Your legacy is over and mine is just beginning! (laughing) ♪ Where troubles melt like lemon drops ♪ 
♪ Away above the chimney tops ♪ 
♪ That's where you'll find me ♪ 
♪ Somewhere over the rainbow ♪ 
♪ Bluebirds fly ♪ 
♪ Birds fly over the rainbow ♪ (cackling) ♪ Why, then ♪ (coughing and choking) ♪ Oh, why can't I ♪ (skin sizzling) What's happening to me? (choking and gasping) YOU CHEATED ME! (choking and wailing) My God. You did it, Peter. You saved the abbey. Now you just have to finish the job. (gasping and choking) (Alan choking and coughing) You do this yourself? Yeah, you showed me how! You said it would save Dr. Kyle. It did, and it saved me. I'm on a good path? You're on a good path. You are on a good path. (choking and coughing) Julia! Are you OK? (gasping and coughing) You found Mother! So did the gas. Oh, no... It's dead. Now the rest of the world's going to be dead, too. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 