Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - A Fall From Grace - Guilt 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - A Fall From Grace https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=658&t=28172 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/02/16 08:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - A Fall From Grace 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Guilt. 
 When I was growing up, there was this dog, called Molly. 
 She knew all my secrets. 
 Theo told me about Molly. 
 He did? 
 She wasn't a bloody dog, was she? 
 Mr. Finch, what are you doing here? 
 I got a little something to show you. 
 (groaning) 
 (silenced gunshot) 
 Find me that ledger, or you'll be next. 
 The last few months, Molly saw only one client, Gentleman 33. 
 You've seen him a few times, too. 
 Yeah. 
 Any idea who he is? 
 No. 
 What do you want from me? 
 I want you to stay away from Grace. 
 Any of your shady crap blows back on her, 
 I will make you pay. 
 Was that taken through Molly's window? 
 Molly had a stalker, and it was you, wasn't it? 
 After Molly died, I panicked and nicked her phone. 
 There were threatening texts from Finch all over it. I think he killed her. 
 We need to plant the phone in his car and turn it on. 
 The police will track it straight to Finch. If one of us starts cozying up to Finch, he'll definitely know something's dodgy. Grace :  That's why we need my sister. Roz :  She's a bloody prosecutor. Grace :  He doesn't have to know that's what we're doing. Natalie : You sick b*st*rd. Oh, Grace. Now do you like me better than Molly? She was gone longer than a few minutes, wasn't she? Tell me, how long, Luc. How long was she gone? How long was she gone for, Luc!? Close to an hour. We have a warrant. You're under arrest for the murder of Molly Ryan. Natalie :  It's going to be okay. Stan and I will sort this out. You just need to be strong. (camera shutter clicking) Prison guard : Turn to the right. Gwendolyn :  At 6:12 this morning, Scotland Yard executed an arrest warrant  for Grace Atwood in the murder of Molly Ryan. The police and the Crown Prosecutor's Office  have been working around the clock on this investigation,  and we're confident that the overwhelming evidence against Grace Atwood will prove, beyond any doubt, she murdered her flatmate, Molly Ryan. Take off your clothes. ♪ Oh, the world is all around us... ♪ Gwendolyn :  Now, Molly and her family deserve  swift and strong justice. ♪ And the world has overshadowed ♪ 
♪ But have you noticed me? ♪ 
♪ Oh, the world is all around us ♪ 
♪ But have you noticed me? ♪ Gwendolyn :  When Grace Atwood is convicted, I will seek the maximum penalty available under the law,  that's life in prison, without the possibility of parole. ♪ The world has overshadowed me. ♪ (panting) (Prince Theo chuckles) (puppy whimpers) Hello there. (chuckles) Where'd you come from? Isn't she adorable? I thought a new puppy might put an end to your nightmares. How thoughtful. I think we should call her Molly. Don't you? Yes. Yes. That would be wonderful. What a sweet gesture, darling. Oh. I have my ulterior motives. You said I need to find something that's all mine. Well, I think we need something that's ours. I want us to take care of Molly together. Make sure she never wanders into any trouble. Would you like that? I'd love that. So Molly Ryan was a high-priced hooker? Well, Merry Christmas. Do you have any idea how many alternate suspects this Courtenay thing opens up? A truckload. But my money's on Finch. I cannot wait to see Gwendolyn Hall's face when she realizes she arrested Grace while a secret society of sickos was left free to murder young women. Secret Society of Sickos does have a nice ring to it. There's one other thing. Yeah. Finch had all these videos of girls. There was one labeled Molly, but... ...there was one for Grace, too. Stan! Wh... I'm sorry. Did you want to give that to the police? Because I'm sure that whatever was on there is not our friend. And you "borrowing" it doesn't look very good, either. Even after watching that video, I still can't believe Grace did that. I thought I knew her. Did you ever think you'd seduce a dangerous criminal for a set of car keys? We all do things we're not proud of sometimes. I'm going to go see Grace this morning. See if we can break Luc's timeline for when he said she was up on the roof. I'm going to go blow the Courtenay wide open and get your sister out of jail. If Finch was able to keep the best little whorehouse in London under wraps for this long, we can't count on the cops tying him to it now. Gwendolyn :  You missed the press conference. You should have been there. Share in the glory. Something's come up, Gwen. Is that...? It's Martin Finch. Finch! (chuckles) Well, you're having a big morning, aren't you? I've been trying to build a case against this guy for years. Nothing ever sticks. What'd you bring him in on? Suspicion of murder. (scoffs) Surprise. We found Molly Ryan's phone in his car this morning. What? He switched it on. We've had a tracker on it since the morning she died. We had to act quickly before it got switched off again and the trail went cold. Our techies are working on it right now. Okay, so, wait. Hours after Grace Atwood's arrest, you arrest a career criminal for the same murder. You, you do realize that that could spell reasonable doubt for both of them? What was I supposed to do? Just let him walk, maybe go on the run? He owns the club that Molly went to the night that she died. He's got her phone. He's got a reputation for violence. I know that. I just stood in front of the world, and promised justice. Justice for Molly Ryan's family, and now, I might not even get a conviction. And Finch... what if Finch did this, and I've just rushed to judgment on Grace Atwood. Stop. You had solid evidence against Grace. I wouldn't have put those handcuffs on her if I didn't stand by your decision to have her arrested. But we've got new evidence to consider now. It's not that simple, is it? No. But one thing is: we will not rest until Molly Ryan's killer is brought to justice. Hi, Nat. Ugh. Are you okay? I'm fine. You look... you look great. (Natalie chuckles quietly) Stan found a loophole in the British system that allows me to be part of his legal team. Technically, I'm his intern. You know how much he loves that, but... it means I'm covered under attorney-client confidentiality. I, um... I found something in Finch's office. A video of you... ...and him. He was taping me. Oh, my God... I cannot believe you saw that. I was so stupid. I just... Grace. Did you work at the Courtenay? Like Molly? Molly and Roz made it sound so glamorous, so exciting. So I went one night. And-and at first, it was... thrilling. And-and you have on these masks, so it doesn't even feel like you. You know? Then I was chosen, and we went upstairs. And it wasn't exciting or glamorous at all, it was just a... stranger who expected me to do things to him, for money. So I ran out before we... you know. Do you think it will come out at the trial? Uh, I don't know. I mean, we have to be prepared for everything. Our bigger problem is how to prove that Luc lied to save his own ass when he said that you were gone from the roof for so long. It's hard in these "he said-she said" situations, but he has a record, so that's... He didn't lie. What? He didn't lie. Luc told me that morning. I left the roof and I didn't come back for... an hour, maybe more. Grace. I can't remember any of it. I was so wasted, I must have blacked out. We knew how bad it would look, so we decided to just say that I went down to pee. Luc swore he'd never tell anyone the truth. You don't remember anything? Maybe you did go down to pee, and you passed out when you were down there. That would explain why you were gone for so long, and it's-it's consistent with the amount of alcohol and drugs you used... Yeah, but I was really mad... that night... at Molly. I saw her with Luc. She was all over him at the club, and I was just... I was furious. What if I snapped, Natalie? What if I killed Molly? (ducks quacking) Gutterie : Don't let your fat friend hog it all. Veena : So what's this scoop of the century, Gutterie? You want to go? I didn't come all the way across town to feed the ducks. You have a story for me or not? You really should try this one. It's very relaxing, too. You look really stressed out. (ducks quacking) Molly Ryan was a whore. That's your story? The victim was a slut. I meant she was a whore in the old-fashioned sense of the word. She was an escort for an ultra-exclusive, ultra-private s*x club. Does this little club have a name? Yeah. (recorder beeps on) The Courtenay. And when I say exclusive and secret, I mean men and women at the highest level of government, of industry, of society paying a fortune to exorcize their kinkiest demons. Well, I can quote you on this? No. Well, maybe in a Deep Throat kind of way. It doesn't look good for my client if I'm smearing the victim's name. Why are you coming to me with this? Wh-Why didn't you go to the AP? The  Times? The BBC? Cause half the brass at those dinosaurs are probably Courtenay clients. I can't trust any of the old guard not to kill it. But you... you are young, you're hungry. You'd be crazy not to chase this lead. Or you think I'm too naive not to see your real agenda. You want to create a media storm that'll draw attention away from your client, give the public some posh perverts to feast on, creating reasonable doubt for Grace Atwood. But I'm not your patsy, Gutterie. I'm not gonna print your lies and wind up a joke. They are not lies. Where's your proof? Do you have pictures, client lists, receipts? I thought you had the guts to run with this. Maybe I was wrong about you. Call me when you've got hard proof. (knocking) Lahue : I heard about Grace. I know you asked me to stay away, but I couldn't. Not-not when she's in prison. Do you want to come in? Thanks. Where's Gutterie? What-what's he doing about this? He's out working an angle. Have you seen her? Since, uh... Yeah, this morning. How is she? Not great. You're researching diminished responsibility? Oh, God. You think she did this. When I was away at college and Grace was in high school, did she ever have blackouts? Do things that she couldn't remember later? She was an average teenager. She went out, she got drunk sometimes, did some stupid things, but nothing... You should go and see her. She loves you. And she can use all the support she can get right now. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Roz : You look like crap. Did you bring it? ♪ And even the air is toxic here ♪ You better find someone willing to sell to you, 'cause this is the last time I'm gonna be your mule. Like I've never done anything for you. ♪ So there's nothing left for me to fear ♪ You could always quit, you know. I don't need a lecture right now. ♪ 'Cause even the air is toxic here ♪ I tried to visit Grace. She refused to see me. What if she goes away because of me? Don't go down that hole, Luc. Finch got nabbed this morning. The police are sure to let Grace go now. Especially with that fancy lawyer of hers. She's golden. She's in jail. So were you. Now you're out. I'm gonna go. I'm late for work. ♪ 'Cause even the air is toxic here ♪ Roz. You gonna run that place if Finch goes down? Someone's got to. ♪ Toxic, that's why I have to quit ♪ (door closes) ♪ I need to quit. ♪ You own the night-club Diablo. Is that your only source of income? I have a variety of entrepreneurial interests. I'm sure you do. We're not here to indulge a fishing expedition, Detective Inspector. Let's get right on with it, then, shall we? We found text messages from you on Molly Ryan's phone. "Do you know who put those Lou... boutins..." Louboutins. "...Louboutins on your feet, little girl? You better walk them back in here or you're dead." And then there's, "I'm not messing about, bitch. "Your sweet ass better show up tomorrow night... or I'll kill you." I see a theme here. Did you make good on your threats, Mr. Finch? Don't answer that. Actually, I think I would like to respond. Molly worked for me at Diablo. She was a bottle service girl. She was good at bringing in the high rollers and I compensated her well for it. So when she quit without notice, it left me in a jam. I was angry, said some unpleasant things. Things that I regret. But... I didn't kill her. Then how did her phone wind up in your car? Clearly someone planted it. And I have a good idea who was in on it. Last night... (sighs) ...this sexy, redheaded American girl was all over me. She seduced me upstairs, and just when things were getting heated, the bloody fire alarm went off. So I went down to check on it and guess what I left her alone with? My car keys. Next thing I know, you chaps have pulled a phone from my car. You think that's a coincidence? (buzzer sounding) You got ten minutes to shower, go to the loo and do your business. Then it's back to your cell. ♪ ♪ Too good to shower with us, rich girl? No. I, um... (gasping) ♪ ♪ Bruno : This was taken a few minutes after Molly was killed. We knew that it alibi'd Roz, but Finch wasn't on our radar back then. There's no way that he could have killed Molly and gotten back to Club Diablo so quickly. And the phone in the car? Did he say how it got there? Pike : I can show you how it got there. When you buy a car that costs more than my house, they come with some flashy features. Finch's had a security camera in the dash. And guess who put in a starring appearance? Smile, Grace, you're on  Candid Camera. (laughs softly) Gwendolyn : Thank God. You saw Grace right from the start. I didn't. We've all made mistakes on this one, Detective. Your sister... she broke into Finch's car and planted Molly Ryan's phone. Grace tried to frame him for a murder she committed. I had a little chat with Finch and he seems to think that it all went down with the help of a redheaded American girl who seduced him to get his car keys. You're a prosecutor, Natalie. You know better. You could get disbarred for this. You could go to jail. I mean, I-I understand that you want to protect your sister, but planting evidence... I didn't... You didn't what? Can we speak in hypotheticals? Natalie, what do you think I'm doing here? I want to help you. Let's just say... hypothetically... there was a redheaded American girl involved. Then she would have thought her sister was simply turning on a phone that was already in the car. She would have thought she was helping the police track missing evidence to the real killer. You got played. Your sister used you to save herself. I'm gonna do my best to keep you out of this, but you need to wake up. You need to open your eyes and see her for who... for what... she really is. She's manipulated you through all of this. She's played everyone: Luc, the media, even me, but it ends right now. And if you don't want to wind up in a jail cell next to her, you'd better stay the hell away from this investigation from now on. ♪ ♪ 
 
 (ice rattles) What are you doing here? I have a client. It's not safe for you here. Not after you helped Patrick Ryan sneak out with our client list down his pants. I'm good with Finch. I, uh, made myself valuable. (scoffs) You're not the only one who knows how to handle him. Look at you, handling the boss now, are we? Gentleman 33 is ready for his Irish Ginger. Well, better not keep him waiting. ♪ That's just your body getting it done ♪ Watch yourself, Kaley. ♪ That's just your body ♪ This isn't a game. ♪ Getting it done ♪ 
♪ That's just your body getting it done. ♪ (lock buzzes, latch clicks) Lahue : Thank you. (door closes) (lock buzzes, latch clicks) (door closes) I'm so sorry. I wish you didn't have to see me in here. No, uh, Grace. I'm-I'm the one who should be sorry. I-I haven't been there for you the way I should have been. Yes, you have. No, no, especially after your mother died. I threw myself into my business. I convinced myself that I was helping you and Natalie by building my business. You have been there for me, James. You know you have. You know, after my dad died... ...I was so sad, but then, then you came into our lives and-and you did whatever you could to make me smile. You... you-you sang me to sleep at night. And... and played silly games, and... And made it okay for me to laugh again. What if I never get out? Shh. Don't say that, sweetheart. I'm scared, James. I'm so scared. ♪ Beautiful dreamer ♪ 
♪ Wake unto me ♪ 
♪ Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee ♪ (laughs softly) ♪ Sounds of the rude world ♪ 
♪ Heard in the day ♪ 
♪ Lull'd by the moonlight ♪ 
♪ Have all passed away ♪ 
♪ Beautiful dreamer ♪ 
♪ Awake unto me. ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ There's a man walking ♪ 
♪ With a rope and a shovel ♪ If you leave it free, I'll make sure you enjoy it. I enjoy this. ♪ Seeing him's easy ♪ There's something special in the top drawer of that dresser and I promise you'll like me using it on you. ♪ Oh, oh... ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ You make these fears... ♪ 
♪ Go away ♪ 
♪ You make these fears... ♪ 
♪ ♪ (exhales heavily) I wish you hadn't done that. You disobeyed orders, Kaley. (sighs) You'll have to face the consequences. You think I give a damn about who you are? You're in  my  palace now and you'll obey my orders. Untie me, now. Now... it's your turn to be tied up. (Kaley grunts) (both grunt) You remind me of someone. Someone I enjoyed spending time with. (pounding at door) (pounding continues) You know, this never gets old. (door closes) Look, I know I got the good stuff, but... Hotel bar kicked me out. I'm not done yet. Okay. I'm a prosecutor. I've devoted my whole life to putting the bad guys behind bars. You once asked me what I would do if I found out my sister was the bad guy. Guess what? She is. I can't defend her anymore, Stan. I can't. Grace lied to me. Mm-hmm. She told me that Finch guy had Molly's phone. All we had to do was turn it on. But Grace had the phone the whole time. She tried to frame a man for murder. She conned me. She conned Roz. She's probably lying about that s*x club, too. Both of her roommates worked there. Wait a minute. Back it up. Are you saying that the DJ worked at The Courtenay as well? Yeah, she's the madam, or the booker, or something like that. Then how do you know that Roz didn't have Molly's phone and not Grace? Because Grace is a freaking liar. She's probably lying about this blackout, too. It's just her latest excuse to save herself. I don't think she has diminished responsibility. I think she's a full-blown sociopath. All right, Natalie, whatever you may think of Grace right now... innocent, guilty, or sociopath... the fact of the matter is, she is still your sister. And I know you. You'll never forgive yourself if you give up on her. What do you know about family? Not a lot, unfortunately. But... I do know a thing or two about guilt. (crying quietly) (whispering): You wake anyone, you're a dead girl. I'm already dead. I heard about the showers. You better learn quick. Gotta start protecting yourself. How? Your pick. Get yourself a shank, or give the guards a wank. ♪ ♪ (beeping) (water running) ♪  Boom, boom, boom  ♪ 
♪  Boom, boom, boom  ♪ 
♪  Boom, boom, boom  ♪ 
♪ Pieces of you on the ground ♪ 
♪ Laying around ♪ 
♪ I threw them out ♪ (volume dropping) ♪ Soft and stuck here ♪ 
♪ In fear ♪ 
♪ Gravity isn't ♪ Gutterie : Roz Walters? ♪ Pulling you here... ♪ We haven't been properly introduced. Stan Gutterie. You scammed me for 30,000 pounds. ♪ Boom, you don't have to stay here ♪ Don't know what you're talking about. ♪ Anymore ♪ You know, for all her faults, Grace... she wouldn't blackmail James. Which leaves you holding the phone. Now, don't worry. I'm not here to shake you down for the money. Frankly, I like your style. Hiring those football hooligans, that was, that was very clever. Look, I was in a tough spot. I needed the money. Yeah, I know. You work for the bad man, Finch, don't you? My guess is he's got something to do with why you needed the money. And why you'd help Grace frame him for murder. That was Grace's idea. So you say. You know what I say? I say... let bygones be bygones. And I know just how you can make it up to me. In keeping with our little phone theme... I got you one. Now, it's going to ring and you're going to answer and you're going to have a nice chat with a young reporter named Veena Patel. And you are going to tell her everything there is to know about The Courtenay. It's never gonna happen. Excuse me. Really? Well, I guess I could call those Russian mobsters. I'm sure Vlad and Ivan would love to meet the girl who threatened to expose their entire operation. (phone ringing) Oh, hey. I think it's for you. (ringing) ♪ Close the door behind you when you leave. ♪ (puppy whines) I don't think she likes that crate. Maybe we should bring her into our room, just for one night. Theo, no. If you go soft, she'll never learn to sleep on her own. How will we ever teach our children to sleep through the night? I'm fairly certain my mum left that task to the nanny. I'm not your mum. Thank God. Thank you, Wilson. (sighs) What is it, darling? Darling? Uh, sorry. Um, nothing. Nothing, just a-another scandal. It's appalling how little real news the papers cover these days. I don't mind reading a scandal. ♪ ♪ (gasps) Hi. Sorry I'm late. I was getting worried. Don't worry, I'm fine. The story's out now, about Molly and the club. They're bound to shut things down now. Please tell me Gentleman 33 was at the club last night. He was, but... But what? Did something go wrong? Didn't you get a look at him? (sighs) Yeah, I saw his face. Who is it? Grace is a wreck, Gutterie. She thinks she might be going down for this and I think she might be right. James, why don't you sit down? Have a drink. I think we should consider our options. What are you saying? The evidence against her is overwhelming. I think we make a deal. If Grace pleads voluntary manslaughter, then she could get out in, what, ten years? She's got the whole of her life left in front of her. This isn't about Grace. This is about you. If this case goes to trial, the contents of Molly's phone go public. So do some interesting photos of you and your Russian friends. That picture's gone, no thanks to you. I heard from the Russians. They have a guy inside Scotland Yard who saw the photo and deleted it. He did your job. But because you left a loose end, the Russians are nervous. They think I might give them up to save Grace if this goes to trial. Well, I guess they don't know you that well. You think this is funny? They will kill me if you don't shut this down. And if Grace doesn't take a plea, then she might end up going away for the rest of her life. I'm trying to save us both. Maybe it's time to take some of that dirty money you've been squirreling away and lay low, James. I'm not letting Grace plead guilty. I'm the one paying you and I'm telling you to make a deal. You keep your money. I don't need it. I'll defend her pro bono. Give me a break, Gutterie. You're not doing this out of the goodness of your heart. This case is a dream for a... a publicity whore like you. You're gonna play roulette with Grace's life just so that you can stay in front of the cameras. Do you think Grace's real father would hang her out like that? (lock buzzes, latch clicks) ♪ ♪ 
♪ Brick by brick ♪ 
♪ Line them up ♪ 
♪ Stack them high ♪ 
♪ On top of our love ♪ 
♪ Make it strong ♪ 
♪ Make it tall ♪ (water running) ♪ Build again on top of that wall ♪ 
♪ You say... ♪ You think I want to brush my teeth where you wash your stinky bits? I'll clean the sink. Oh. Did you hear that? She'll clean the sink. Yeah, you'll clean it with your face. (laughs) You whittle that toy yourself, luv? Stay away from me. Do her! ♪ Now you're just ♪ 
♪ Like a stranger ♪ 
♪ Burn it down... ♪ Guard! Crazy bitch. ♪ ♪ They stabbed me. (whistle blows sharply) (alarm blaring) Guard : Lockdown! This is a lockdown! I need assistance, straightaway! (alarm blaring) Woman : There she is. Lucky girl. Missed all of your major organs. (groaning) Mm. But you'll be pretty uncomfortable for quite a while. I need to fill out an incident report if you're up for it. Do you know who did this to you? No, I... I didn't see her face. That's right. Never rat. Quick learner. You'll be safe here while you're healing up. Pike : Ah, Molly, you've got too many photos on her damn phone. Facial recognition report's not due back till tomorrow. I say we give just it a rest until we see what they come up with. No, no, no. We're behind already, mate. Molly Ryan was a bloody call girl and we didn't have a clue. Place like The Courtenay, they don't go advertising. Come on, please. For me? (groans, sighs) Stop, wait. Go back. Back. Back. Back. There. That woman, there, with Molly. She look familiar to you? Maybe. I think I know where I've seen her before. All right, come on... Come on, come on, come on. I know I've seen your face. That's right, she's a missing person. Jessica Marshall. 46. Married, two children. VP at Lloyds of London. Last seen leaving work on November 17 last year. Missing. Presumed dead. What is a missing insurance exec doing on Molly Ryan's phone? Maybe there's a Courtenay connection? Well, she's no call girl. Too long in the tooth for that. Maybe she's a client. If so, that's two women connected with that club who met with foul play. ♪ ♪ Neville, do you remember me? I'm Natalie Atwood. Grace's sister. Neville : Why are you here? I don't want to upset you, but I need to talk to you about something very important. Is that okay? I know you watched Molly sometimes. And I wondered... Neville... did you want to hurt Grace because... ...because you saw her kill Molly? No! Grace didn't kill Molly. I know she didn't. How-how do you know that she didn't do it? Did you see someone else, Neville? I'm not allowed to tell. Mum says I'm not allowed to tell. The police think Grace did this. They arrested her. If... if you know anything that will clear her name, you have to help her. They won't believe me. They'll just say I'm crazy. I'll believe you. I don't think you're crazy. I just think you loved Molly. That's right. And you couldn't help Molly that night, but you can help her now. Help her get justice. I saw him. He was standing over her, holding a bloody knife. And then he just... he just... threw it down and left her there, like she was nothing. And then he... he just goes in his car and drives off. Who, Neville? Who was it? Prince Theo. Prince Theo killed Molly. ♪ Oh, you think you're so slick, don't you? ♪ 
♪ But I know what you're doing in the dark ♪ 
♪ I got eyes in the back of my head, full proof ♪ 
♪ Watch me shut it down before it starts ♪ 
♪ I got venom in my fangs ♪ 
♪ And I'm not afraid to use it ♪ 
♪ Venom in my fangs ♪ 
♪ Venom in my fangs... ♪ Covering your tracks? Covering yours. ♪ And I'm not afraid to use it ♪ After the article in  The Story, I'm guessing the coppers'll find this place before the end of the day. Just like they found me. That was your handiwork, wasn't it? I don't know what you're talking about. Save it, Rozzie. Come on, Finch. It's me. Yeah. It is you, isn't it? Seems like you're awfully close to all my troubles. Your girlie let that Irish bloke steal my ledger. Your roommate planted Molly's phone in my car. And now this... the one thing I can't fix. (gasping) You exposed The Courtenay. Finch, I swear. I swear. It wasn't me. Please... (clangs) ♪ I got venom in my fangs ♪ 
♪ And I'm not afraid to use it. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 