Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Eyes Wide Open - Guilt 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Eyes Wide Open https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=658&t=28232 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/09/16 07:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Eyes Wide Open 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Guilt. 
 Stay away from me. 
 (groans) 
 Guard! 
 I understand that you want to protect your sister, but planting evidence. 
 You better stay the hell away from this investigation. 
 Lahue :  The Russians, they think I might give them up  to save Grace if this goes to trial. 
 They will kill me. 
 Bruno :  That woman there with Molly, 
 I think I know where I've seen her before. 
 Jessica Marshall, missing, presumed dead. 
 Please tell me Gentleman 33 was at the club last night. 
 Kaley :  Yeah, I saw his face. 
 You keep my secrets, I'll keep yours. 
 I need you to get a vial  of Molly Ryan's blood. 
 Molly Ryan was an escort for an ultra-exclusive, ultra-private s*x club. 
 I saw him. 
 Who, Neville? 
 Prince Theo killed Molly. 
 What is it, darling? 
 Nothing, just another scandal. 
 You exposed The Courtenay. 
 I swear, it wasn't me. 
 Please. 
 (clangs) 
 (thuds) 
 ♪ I'd rather not love at all ♪ 
 (low talking, laughter) 
 ♪ Then live with a broken heart ♪ 
♪ I'd rather not feel your touch ♪ 
♪ Then wonder why I'm lost... ♪ 
 Man : I mean, it's all over the tabloids. 
 Woman : Do you want to know what I heard about The Courtenay Club, Teddy? 
 You can't call him "Teddy," he's the prince. 
 Theo : I'll allow it. 
 Man 2 : I'll allow it. 
 I will. 
 It's my birthright, handed down by God himself. 
 Yeah, through the queen's knickers. 
 Stop. She'll hear you. 
 You know she hears everything. 
 Even the secrets you mumble in your sleep? 
 Man 2 : Go on, then, spill. 
 What did you hear about The Courtenay? 
 Woman : Remember Archie, from Rowing? 
 My cousin said his father's a member. 
 Had a thing for candles. 
 Hot wax, all up his you know... 
 My broker said that her boss went on a surprise holiday, an hour after the story broke. 
 This Molly Ryan murder caught a lot of randy blokes with their pants down. 
 Woman : Any one of them could have done her in. 
 She was pregnant, wasn't she? 
 I bet the baby daddy didn't want her tattling to his wife. 
 What do you think, Charlotte? 
 (chuckles) 
 Do you really want to know what I think? 
 The killer could be sitting at this very table. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Dun-dun-dun! 
 (scattered laughter) 
 (chuckles nervously) 
 Excuse me. (clears throat) 
 I need to use the loo. 
 ♪ I thought that I saw something so true ♪ 
♪ And every time that you held onto my thighs ♪ 
♪ All that you had faith in was you ♪ 
 That one's going to keep you on your toes, Teddy. 
 ♪ Every time that you looked into my eyes, I thought... ♪ 
 You have no idea. 
 Charlotte. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 Let me go. 
 I'm going home. 
 We have guests, Charlotte. 
 You're hurting me. 
 (gasps) 
 Pull yourself together, and come back to the party, right now. 
 No. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Gutterie :  So let me get this straight, Molly Ryan  was killed by the prince with a knife in the whore's apartment. 
 Why not Colonel Mustard in the conservatory with a candlestick? 
 I know how crazy it sounds, but I believe Neville. 
 Whether it's true or not, good luck convincing a British jury that their beloved prince is really a sex-crazed slasher. 
 No, you're going to need a hell of a lot more than the rantings of some madman. 
 Neville gave me this, too. 
 He memorized the license plate number to the car Prince Theo was in that night when he fled the scene. 
 Or it's the license plate of his favorite ice cream truck. 
 Or it's code for "I'm in a loony bin, get me out of here." 
 We finally have a concrete alternative suspect. 
 I'm not going to drop it just because Neville's not an ideal witness. 
 I didn't say drop it. 
 It's just that we pulled the short straw when Judge Manning was assigned to our case. 
 She is a prosecutor's wet dream and a staunch monarchist, meaning, she won't let us utter the word "Prince Theo" in court without substantial proof. 
 So I'll get proof. 
 All right. Go ahead. 
 I'm going to stay on The Courtenay angle. 
 We got to tie as many men with motive as we can to Molly Ryan. 
 Wasn't the scoop you leaked to The  Story  supposed to take care of that? 
 Unfortunately, your DJ friend was not as forthcoming with Veena as I would have hoped. 
 (plays guitar riff) 
 "Three members of Parliament, two energy tycoons." 
 That's all Roz gave her? 
 Don't worry, we're gonna get those dirty bastards. 
 And if we don't? 
 Then we got to turn our negatives into positives. 
 Like your sister, whom, for better or for worse, we now know was in the apartment at the time of the murder. 
 Yeah, and she doesn't remember anything. 
 I know someone, dare I say a "trained professional," who can poke around your sister's brain, and help her remember something other than herself holding the knife. 
 Prince Theo was holding the knife. 
 You chase your wild geese, I'll chase mine. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Look, what happened with Finch... 
 I don't want to talk about it. 
 It's going to be okay. 
 No one's going to find that doorstop at the bottom of the Thames. 
 Do you know how many people probably want Finch dead now The Courtenay's been exposed? 
 The police have no reason to come looking for... 
 Don't. 
 Don't touch me, Roz. 
 Let me help you. 
 I don't want your kind of help. 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 I had just moved to London for a fresh start, okay? 
 And somehow you convinced me that it was a good idea to sell myself. 
 If I remember right, you didn't take much convincing. 
 Look, I'm sorry. 
 This isn't a life, Roz. 
 Shagging strangers. 
 Seeing a man get shot right in front of me. 
 Killing someone. 
 You did what you had to do. 
 I shouldn't have had to have done it. 
 Look, I don't want this life anymore. 
 And I really do not want you. 
 Kaley, I know today was messed up... 
 So just get out. 
 Okay? 
 Just get out. 
 (bag thuds) 
 (buzzer sounds, door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 What the hell is this? 
 Are you all right? Wh... 
 Why didn't you call me? 
 Why wasn't I called? 
 It's up to the inmate whether they inform anyone. 
 I told them not to. 
 I'm fine. 
 They made me use this wheelchair. 
 (door closes) 
 What happened? 
 I was stabbed... by another inmate. 
 It's not that bad, really. 
 I'm okay. 
 Please don't tell Natalie. 
 I don't want to worry her more than I already have. 
 Really? That's... Okay, that's it. 
 That's where you draw the line. 
 All right, fine. 
 But you can bet your ass I'm going to milk this for all it is worth. 
 You are not stepping one foot in that gen-pop until we're through trial. 
 Thanks, Stan. 
 Oh, believe me, you're going to do something for me as well. 
 I brought with me someone here today who's going to poke around in your grey matter, and help us figure out what happened during your little blackout. 
 She is a memory recovery specialist, and she uses hypnosis. 
 You want to hypnotize me? 
 Dr. Caldwell's not going to make you cluck like a chicken. 
 She's going to put you under, and take you back to the night that Molly was killed. 
 No, I don't want to go back there. 
 What if I remember something that none of us wants to hear? 
 That I... 
 Listen, in order to stay ahead of the prosecution, I need to know what I'm dealing with here. 
 No one needs to know what we learn, not even your sister. 
 And I promise you, anything you say cannot be used at trial. 
 Will you be here? 
 Well, Caldwell says that my bold personality may taint the process. 
 Who am I to argue with a doctor, right? 
 I'm scared, Stan. 
 Yeah, I know, kid. 
 But the truth about what you did is buried somewhere in that noodle of yours, and eventually, it's going to come back to you. 
 Would you rather find out now that you killed Molly while we can still argue to a jury that you were not in your right mind, or recover your memory after you've been convicted, only to discover that you were innocent all along? 
 You're safe here, Grace. 
 You have nothing to fear. 
 Now I want you to take several deep breaths. 
 Nice and easy. 
 There you are. 
 In... and out. 
 You feeling relaxed? 
 A-a little. 
 Good. 
 Now I want you to travel back in your mind to the night Molly was killed. 
 Will you do that with me? 
 Yes. 
 I'm going to count backwards, and when I snap my fingers, you'll remember, Grace. 
 Okay. 
 Three... two... 
 (distantly): ...one. 
 (fingers snapping) 
 ♪ I'm going dancing by myself ♪ 
♪ I go dancing with no one else... ♪ 
 (music continues distantly) 
 ♪ We all need someone to hold... ♪ 
 Molly : Wakey, wakey, princess. 
 Grace : Molly? 
 Heard you snoring from across the quad. 
 (groans quietly) 
 (sighs) 
 My hands are like ice. 
 Oh, here. 
 It is freezing. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 Ooh, this is so soft. 
 You realize you're never getting this back, right? 
 (laughs) Keep it. 
 My mom knits me a new one, like, every month. 
 Did those selfish cows  give you the boot last night? 
 Oh, I gave myself the boot. 
 The dork was pulling an all-nighter fueled by the world's stinkiest curry. 
 (laughs) 
 And then the screamer stumbled home with her latest loser. I mean, hello, I'm not deaf. 
 Roz and I are looking at a new flat A third roommate might help. Goodness gracious, Molly Ryan, are you asking me to move in? We haven't even said "I love you." (laughs) Well, let's make it official, then. Grace Atwood, I love you. Would you move in with me? I love you, too, Molly Ryan! Is that a yes? Yes! Yes! (laughter) ♪ Can you keep me close, can you offer me warmth? Dr. Caldwell :  Where are you, Grace? The day I decided to move in with Molly. Dr. Caldwell :  Going to a happy place is a natural response to not wanting to face a traumatic event. But we need to go back to that night, Grace. The night Molly died. What did Missing Persons have to say about our Jessica Marshall? Not much more than we read in her file, actually, but I did have a little bit more luck with the forensic accountants. Jessica Marshall's financials show regular payments going out to a company called United Luxury. Guess what naughty company that's a front for? The Courtenay Club. Yes. Jessica Marshall was a client, which is how she wound up on Molly Ryan's phone. Did tech come up with anything useful from the metadata on the picture? The timestamp shows it was taken several hours after Jessica was last seen by coworkers, but... there's no geotag, so we can't prove whether it was taken at The Courtenay Club or anywhere else. I'm no art expert, but... I'm betting someone paid a pretty penny for that painting once upon a time. You think we could trace it? To see where Jessica ended up? Look into its provenance? "Its provenance"? Look who's breaking out the ten-pound words today. Do you want to ride my arse, or do you want me to look into this? Uh, no, I want you to look into its provenance, please. But just do it quietly, will you? Hey, Gwen. Hey. What's with the good mood today? Is it that rare? Yeah, but in a good way. Like a diamond. Judge Manning has been assigned to the Molly Ryan trial. Well, Manning won't put up with any of Gutterie's tricks, that's for sure. Exactly. That's great. You deserve a lucky break on this case, after all your hard work. I couldn't have made this case without you. I was wrong to question your ethics, Alex. Well, I've forgotten about it already. Let me make it up to you. Trial prep later, over drinks? That sounds great. (chuckles) Okay, big smiles, everyone. (clicks) Oh! That one's a keeper. And so are you. Prince Theo's lucky to have you. That's what I tell him every day. (chuckles) Oh. Good morning, Miss Crockleby. Good morning, Phillip. Has the prince decided to reassign my SO-14 detail? Not at all. You'll be back with your assigned security after a brief trip to the palace. If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not wind up trapped in a tower. His Highness just wants to talk. Is that what he told his dog? You've got nothing to worry about. He just wants to talk. I promise. I wasn't expecting you to show up here. I helped plant evidence. You arrested my sister. Can we call it even? Look, despite everything that happened, I still believe all you want is the truth. All you want is to find out who really killed Molly Ryan and to bring them to justice. And if you found out you'd made a terrible mistake in arresting Grace, you'd want to make it right. Natalie. Please, just listen. There was a witness. Someone saw Molly Ryan's killer standing over her body holding the knife. And it wasn't Grace. You know, we canvassed that whole area, but you, you just (snaps) find a witness, don't you? I cannot protect you if you're gonna keep on tampering with the investigation. I'm not tampering. And I didn't coerce the witness's statement in any way. He saw the killer. I just need your help to corroborate his story. Who? Who saw the killer? Neville Harris. (chuckles) Neville Harris? Neville Harris is in a psych ward, Natalie. He probably just wants your attention. What is wrong with you? Maybe, but I don't think so. You know Neville watched Molly all the time. He was watching her that night. He didn't just see the killer. He saw his car. He got the license plate. I'm worried that if I put in an official request for information on that plate, the owner will find out. That he'll have the chance to bury everything before I can nail him. But you could run the plate on the down-low. Just see if it matches up to the name Neville gave me. Neville gave you a name, did he? (sighs) Go on, then. Who is it? Prince Theo. It's not as crazy as it sounds. Prince Theo is exactly the kind of client The Courtenay caters to. Molly could have met him there. Neville saw Prince Theo standing over Molly Ryan's body with a knife in his hand, did he? Neville might be obsessive, but he's not delusional. Just run the plate. That's all I'm asking. Yeah, I will look into this. Thank you. I mean, I know Neville's not making it up. I just think that probably we should keep this quiet till I get back to you, all right? Yeah, of course. Thank you. (low chatter) 
 
 (door opens) (music playing low in background) ♪ Tell the children not to bother... ♪ I need to speak with Declan. It's been a long time, Patrick. What's 15 years between cousins? (chuckles) (groans) Oh, I'm sorry. Did you think this was gonna be a happy reunion? Takes some stones, coming to see me after you turned your back on our family. At least I stayed in Belfast. Well, I had to leave. To carry on in my father's name. As you should've. And look at what happened to our fathers... yours dead, mine in prison. I couldn't start bombing cars. I had Molly to look after. Oh, aye. And how'd that turn out? No offense meant. I never had nothing against your sister. She was a good girl. I'm not here to talk about Molly. Then tell me, what are you here for? I know a way to finish what our fathers started; to remind England that we haven't forgotten everything the Crown's taken from us. How? With blood. (door opens) I'll be right outside. Charlotte. I know you're upset, but what happened last night can never happen again. Or what? You'll kill me like you killed Molly Ryan? I didn't kill her. I swear. But you knew her? Yes. Through The Courtenay. The "one secret thing you kept for yourself." You could have any woman. Why pay for a whore? Because I could have anyone else. But I shouldn't have her. (scoffs) (stammering) No, I... sorry, no. No, Charlotte, please, don't. Char... don't. Charlotte, don't, don't do that. Why would I want to marry you? So you can cheat on me again? I wouldn't do that to you. Listen to what you just said, Theo. You want what you can't have. What happens after we're married? When you can have me anytime you like? Well, then I'll want you even more. Molly was an escape, but with you in my life, I don't want to escape anymore. I love you, Charlotte. I have since the day I surprised you at your parents' house. Do you remember that? You were in the garden, hmm? You were, you were elbow deep in dirt, and wearing your dad's old work shirt. You didn't know I was there at first, so I, I watched you working for a while. You were singing along to some terrible pop song on the radio. And you had this enormous smile on your face. And it wasn't because you, you had to try and present some perfect image. It's because you were happy. Just... genuinely happy. And your happiness is-is infectious. It's like some warm glow that has transferred to me. And I have never felt this way before. With anyone. Don't make me live without you. Please. Lie to me again, and I'll leave. And I will make sure the whole world knows why. (door opens) (door closes) Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah. I'll make sure your divorce lawyer has a copy of the next article in the series as soon as it runs. Yeah, all right. Eat up. We got a lot of work ahead of us. You're gonna need your strength. Meat is murder. Murder is my business, sweetheart. Business must be bad if you've come to me again. Didn't The Courtenay story I ran for you blow your field of suspects wide open? Let's not pretend you ran that for little ol' me. Before that story, @VeenaPatel was a nobody in the Twittersphere. And now, yes, you're finally on the map, and, no... thank you for asking... things have not blown up as big as I would've liked. I need names. I need salacious detail. I need you to find out everything you can about Molly Ryan's clients up till now. I don't have to share a thing with you. We aren't partners. No. But I thought we might have a mentor/mentee kind of thing going. I'm not trying to be a lawyer. No, you're trying to be famous. And I know a thing or two about that as well. Are you going to teach me how to take a wee on someone's supper? (scoffs) I'll pass. But you're welcome to read all about those Courtenay clients when I expose them in my award-winning multi-part series. So you don't value my guidance and wisdom, then how about something a little bit more concrete? Team Grace will give Veena Patel an exclusive on all media interactions throughout trial. Everyone who's ever heard of Twitter will be following you. # YoureTrending. (buzzer sounds in distance) Where are you now, Grace? I'm back at the flat. ♪ I go dancing with no one else ♪ 
♪ Solo dancing, push me as I go ♪ 
♪ I go dancing, it's so intense... ♪ Luc : Hey, there you are. What are you doing, hiding in here? You're missing all the fun. Molly : We know how to have fun. Don't we, Luc? ♪ ♪ What the hell, Molly?! Hey, relax, Grace. It doesn't mean anything. Yeah? What about the lap dance... did that mean anything? I had a crap day. I needed to blow off some steam. Then grind away the pain on somebody else's boyfriend! What's the matter, Grace, was he enjoying it too much? ♪ Music stop and the spell is broken. ♪ Caldwell :  Grace? You're shaking. What's happening? I'm scared. Why? Because I hated Molly so much in that moment. I wanted her to die. Patrick : I just need you to help me get to him, that's all. Look, I don't understand what you're asking me to do here. You're the prince's special girl now. Just figure out a way to get him alone. Wh... I'm done with all that. Besides, The Courtenay's closed. I wouldn't even know how to reach him. I bet Roz would. Oh, my God. Listen, I don't want any more blood on my hands! He's gonna get away with it. No, he's not. Okay, we'll-we'll go to the authorities. Two Northern Irish accusing a royal of murder? They're never gonna believe us. Then I'll make them. Okay? I'll tell anyone who will listen. So they can call you a whore like they did my sister? (sighs) Look, okay? If that's what it takes to stop you from getting yourself in trouble or worse, then yes. Yes. Molly needs me to see this through. Look at me. You think more death is what she'd want? No, she'd want you just to get on with your life. You go after the prince and what? Maybe... maybe you get him, but then what, hmm? What happens to you? I don't matter. Yes, you do. (knocking on door) James? Can I come in? We finally got a break in Grace's case. I've been trying to call you, but your phone says it's disconnected. Yeah, I tossed it. What's going on, James? Uh, I've, uh, made some mistakes in my business, gotten involved with some people I shouldn't have. But, uh, the less you know, the better. Why are you telling me this now? Because I have to leave. You're leaving? I know it's the worst possible time to abandon Grace... to abandon you, but I can't stay in London. I... It's not safe for me here. (stammers) But I don't even care about that. I don't, I don't want to endanger you girls. How long are you gonna be gone? I don't know. Uh, look, you don't have to worry. You're both gonna be taken care of. The one good thing about my dealings with these people is that I'm flush again. So I've set up a trust for you and Grace. Gutterie has all the details. Is there any way we'll be able to contact you? No, it's best that way. Grace will be devastated. She'll want to talk to you. I know... and it's killing me. My only comfort is that, uh, she still has you. I need you to know something, Natalie. I loved your mom. I love Grace. And despite what you think, I've always loved you. (door closes) (sighs) (inhales sharply, sighs) Son of a bitch. (phone beeps) Please tell me you got some good news. Meet me at my flat in a hour. Take the back stairs. Make sure you're not followed. (phone beeps) (phone beeps) ♪ I feel the heat ♪ 
♪ I feel the pain ♪ 
♪ I feel the sweat ♪ 
♪ Falling like rain ♪ 
♪ Meet me at the top ♪ 
♪  Don't stop  ♪ 
♪ I'm gonna push until I drop ♪ 
♪  Don't stop  ♪ 
♪ And if you want to chase the sun ♪ 
♪  Don't stop  ♪ 
♪ You better meet me at the top ♪ 
♪ At the top of the world ♪ 
♪ The top of the world ♪ 
♪ At the top of the world ♪ 
♪ The top of the world. ♪ (metallic creaking) (gasps) What do you want with my boy? Mrs. Harris? I saw your name in the visitors log. Why are you bothering Neville? I had some questions for him. Neville was very brave. He told me what he saw. Isn't it bad enough you sent my son to hospital? And now you want to drag him back into this? Well, he has information that's vital to Grace's defense. My son is sick. And this is too much for him! The-the stress, the pressure... Mrs. Harris, I don't want to hurt Neville. I just want him to tell the truth. You just want to use him. And you don't care what it costs him. Now, that's not true. Well, I won't let you. I'm not gonna let Neville have anything more to do with you or that case. Do you hear me? I'm sorry, but Neville's an adult. It's his decision. Look, please. Just leave my son alone. You have no idea what he's been through. He needs help. So does Grace. Look, to everyone else Neville might be an adult. But inside, he... he's still a child. He's not like other boys. But he wants to be. He wants to help someone. To feel good about himself. Let him have that chance. But you best not mess this up. (door closes) That's a pretty pricey pad for a cub reporter. Not when you have three jobs. I'm a reporter by day, a social media consultant by night, and a dog walker on the weekends. Your mom must be very proud of your hard work. So long as I don't call home for money, she's pleased as punch. (chuckles) Look, before you get any funny ideas, you should know that my walls are thin, and I scream loud. Don't worry, the only woman whose skirt I intend to lift is Lady Justice. Well, let the peep show begin. Where did you get all this? Veena : Since my story broke, I've gotten loads of calls from Courtenay ex-employees. Now that they're not getting paid by these perverts, they're happy to out them, for a price. And you put all the puzzle pieces together. What do we have here? George Zaveri's alibied out. I thought you were here for potential suspects? You may have just given me something better. Can I keep this? Thanks. Do I still get my exclusives? (door opens) (door closes) (sighs) ♪ ♪ Oh, Luc. What do you want, Roz? I need a place to crash for a while. I don't suppose I have a say in the matter. I guess you've forgotten who pulled you off the street, cleaned you up, gave you a job. (scoffs): Yeah. Working at The Courtenay. That was a real step up in the world. Why does everyone act like what happens to them at The Courtenay is my fault? I never pretended it was anything other than what it was. It was the money that seduced you, not me. You don't give yourself enough credit, Roz. So what now? You're just gonna slowly kill yourself as a penance for Grace? You have any better ideas? ♪ ♪ (knocking on door) Natalie, I told you to take the back stairs. (siren wailing in distance) To what do I owe this honor? You tried to frame me. (sighs) (chuckles softly) Well, you wanted me to frame someone, didn't you? Seemed a shame to bring a third party into this, after I found out that you were the killer. What are you talking about? I've got a witness, Your Highness. He saw you kill Molly Ryan. Why would I kill Molly? I loved her. I have from the moment I met her in Hertfordshire. Almost sounds convincing. Have you been practicing that? (groans loudly) You leave me no choice, Detective, but to inform Internal Affairs about how you planted evidence on Donovan Trimbly. I mean, you're in for quite the fall, Detective. That's fine. Really, because on the way down, I'm gonna tell everyone what you made me do. What I made you do?! Phillip, have I ever met a D.S. Alex Bruno before? Doesn't ring a bell, Your Highness. But I did hear about some copper from Homicide stealing knickers from evidence. You think that was him? Definitely. Yeah. I heard the same detective violated Molly Ryan's dead body so he could steal her blood and frame someone else for the murder, while he shagged the prime suspect's sister. Do you want to hit me? Come on, then. That's what I thought. (door opens) (door closes) (door opens, closes) Natalie : Alex. Bruno :  Natalie, please. I can't believe I ever trusted you. No, no, no, listen to me. Listen. I can explain this. No, you-you don't get to touch me, not ever again. Okay, look, I thought that I was just covering up a s*x scandal, okay, not a murderer. For Queen and Country, right? He had a gun to my head, Nat. If they'd have told IA what I'd done, a child killer would've gone free, dozens, dozens of convictions overturned. Because you planted evidence. And you've been protecting a murderer while my sister's been railroaded! I'm trying to make it right now. By planting evidence again? You had the nerve to lecture me on ethics. And I listened to you. I almost turned my back on my own sister. Yeah, well, the evidence was... Irrelevant! The truth was staring you right in the face, but you were too worried about saving your own ass to see it. (bell tolls in distance) Caldwell : I know it's been a long day, Grace, but we're making progress. Where are you? I'm... I'm in the bathroom. This must've been when I came down from the roof. I don't want to open the door. Caldwell :  Don't be afraid. It's okay to face it. You're completely safe. (hinges creaking) Grace :  I'm in the laundry room now. Molly's... (gulps) She's dead. Caldwell :  Tell me what else you see. Grace :  There's a knife in her stomach. There's blood under my feet. I just left her there. On the floor. Like I hadn't even seen her. Wait. Oh, my God. Caldwell : Grace? What is it? I see someone. Caldwell :  Who is it? Grace :  A man, I think. I can't see his face. His back is to me, but his clothes are covered in blood. I didn't kill Molly. (sighs heavily) (knocking) Put me on the stand. I want to testify against Prince Theo. Dr. Caldwell said that I-I-I disassociated when I saw her body like that. That's why I couldn't remember. Yeah, that makes sense. I'm just sorry you had to go back there. At least now I know. We all do. (sighs) Hey, does Stan know about Detective Bruno and the prince? Hell, yes, he does. We've got everything we need to get you out of here now. Your memory, Neville's testimony, the police cover-up. We're gonna win. I'm gonna take you home. Care for a drink? Oh, this'll do. Are you sure you have the stones for this? He killed my sister. ♪ Wild ♪ 
♪ Hungry arms ♪ 
♪ Wild hungry arms ♪ 
♪ Give me all the love I need ♪ 
♪ Girl, you say you want it ♪ 
♪ And I have no trips about it... ♪ Madam Prosecutor. Well, you look like you've been stood up. Just savoring the calm before the storm. What, in that get-up? Geez, you take me-time far more seriously than I do. Can we get two of the same? You're not here looking for a plea deal, are you? What, and miss the opportunity to spar with you in court? Please, where would the fun be in that? You haven't heard. Judge Manning doesn't put up with much fun in her courtroom. It is so funny that you should mention the Honorable Constance Manning. And why is that? Haven't you heard? She's, uh, recused herself from the case. Mm. As it turns out, her husband George Zaveri, was a client of... drumroll please... The Courtenay. Now how about that? I'm sure you played your part in helping Judge Manning make that unpleasant discovery. But I don't care. Whatever tricks you have up your sleeve, there's nothing compared to what I have on my side. Truth. You know, just between you and me, I am not always the biggest fan of the truth coming out at trial. But for once, I am really looking forward to it. To the truth. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 