Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Safe to Fall - All Rise 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Safe to Fall https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1009&t=43019 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/23/21 10:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Safe to Fall 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "All Rise"... 
 Why is there a decapitated deer head being mounted in my chambers? 
 We are in for a ride. 
 There's no denying we've always been good together. 
 I knew exactly what to do, how to approach the problem and solve it. 
 I had the skill. 
 I could see the path. 
 But you can't. 
 ♪     ♪ No sleeping, dreams, gotta get up ♪ 
 ♪ And turn on all the lights ♪ 
 ♪ Cold feet, not me, I deliver ♪ 
 ♪ I'll be living my best life ♪    Em, hey. 
 Morning. 
 ♪ Waking up to the future ♪ 
 Oh, my God. 
 I kept you waiting all night. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I kinda fell asleep waiting for you. 
 - [GROANS] 
 - So I'm the lucky one. 
 I spent the night in a proper bed. 
 - You, on the other hand... 
 - I lost track of time. 
 The verdict is today. 
 Insanity plea and attempted murder... 
 Not my favorite combo. 
 [CELLPHONE BUZZES] 
 Ohh. 
 ♪    - Not picking up? 
 - It's my dad. 
 I owe him a call. 
 I have to go home and change before I... 
 I hope I picked a good outfit. 
 ♪ Got me dancing in the rain ♪ 
 You're a superhero. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ 'Cause everything's gonna fall in place ♪ 
 Thank you. 
 - Bye. 
 - Bye. 
 ♪ Waking up to the future ♪ 
 - Aw! 
 [LAUGHS] 
 - Aw, look at that little face. 
 That's the Carmichael smirk right there. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 Little hands. 
 ♪    - Oh, I'm not... 
 - No. 
 - No, me neither. 
 - Okay, good. 
 - It's just Bailey. 
 - She's so cute. 
 - Ridiculously cute. 
 - Oh. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 - I mean, maybe someday but... 
 - Yeah. 
 BOTH: Not now. 
 [CHUCKLE] 
 - [SIGHS] 
 - [CELLPHONE CHIMES] 
 Are you serious? 
 The "anti-police attorney"? 
 Is that what I am now? 
 Well, you knew there'd be pushback. 
 Oh, I guess I'd better get used to it. 
 Rashel won't be my last. 
 That's fine, but you can't do it alone. 
 - I know. 
 I need a team. 
 - Callan army. 
 ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, it's a brand-new day ♪ 
 Rachel? 
 What... the hell happened to you? 
 - [EXHALES DEEPLY] 
 - And what is that smell? 
 Shut up, Callan. 
 Uh, I'm gonna be late for work, but I definitely wanna hear more about whatever this is. 
 Bye, baby. 
 Good luck. 
 - Come in. 
 - The pipes burst at the office. 
 - I was doing my makeup in the bathroom. 
 - [GROANS] 
 And then I heard a rattling in the cubicle, and then the floor started shaking, and then... 
 God. 
 You came  here? 
 My apartment is infested with bedbugs. 
 It's a long story. 
 I just really need to get this yucky off of me. 
 Okay,  mi baño es tu baño. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 [GROANS] 
 [WHISPERS] 
 It's oh-so-quiet. 
 Shh. 
 Shh. 
 ♪ It's oh-so-still ♪    [MAKES WHOOSHING SOUNDS] 
 ♪ You're all alone ♪    ♪ And so peaceful until... ♪   
 - [CELLPHONE RINGS] 
 
 - Ms. Kansky. Judge Carmichael, how is the tiny human? Not so little anymore. They grow so fast. Why did no one tell me? She's actually taking her fourth nap today. Uh, aren't you supposed to be napping when they nap? Isn't that the key to sleep? I'll let you go. No, it is actually good  to see your face. Is that a smile I see? Your Honor, Judge Laski is out, - and I undid his damage. -  Ohh. Sherri, you are a godsend. It looks... - Sherri. - Yes. Where's Uhura? Hmm? I... briefly moved her to clean. Oh, God. Good. - I almost  had a heart attack. - [BAILEY CRIES] Oh, looks like little Bailey's waking up. - You know, I'll let you go. - [CELLPHONE BEEPS] [SIGHS] [WHISPERING] "Uhura is safe... for now. Return my stag, or you shall never see her again." - Ohh... shh. - [GAVEL BANGS] People of the State of California vs. Alfredo Castro. He is present, and all counsel are present. Now the court has heard and considered all of the evidence, and now I will render a verdict. As to count number one, Attempted Murder, the court finds the defendant guilty as charged. [GROANS] The court also finds that the crime was committed with willful, deliberate premeditation. Now that said, the defendant entered a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity. This concludes the guilt phase. Is the defense ready to proceed with the sanity phase? We are, Your Honor. All right, the court will be in recess until  :   a.m. tomorrow. [GAVEL BANGS] [MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY IN SPANISH] We'll talk later, okay? So what exactly happens now? Well, the defense will try to prove that your brother was illegally insane - when he stabbed your father. - Why is it so complicated to send him to prison for what he did? [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] _     [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] _     - [GRUNTING] - Javier! Papá... _     Javier, please. Alfredo grabbed a knife from the kitchen and stabbed my father, and yet my father finds a way to be mad at  me. At me. What did I do wrong? I saved his life! You've been so brave. I'm tired of being brave. I wanna feel safe. Is there anything we can do to avoid the sanity phase? Alfredo was already found guilty. Ms. Lopez will try to get your brother sent to the state hospital for treatment. He's not crazy. He was high again. He knew exactly what he was doing. Alfredo doesn't have schizophrenia just because the defense says he does. Their doctor says he does, but we have a strategy. Our doctor found that it's unclear whether he suffers from a mental illness, and that is enough to argue against their diagnosis, plus there's no medical records, no family history. And that is why we still have a great case. If you hadn't there to stop your brother's attack, this would be a murder trial, Eva. I really do miss my brother, but that person doesn't exist anymore. [CRYING] I am so sorry, Alfredo. You work very hard, Señorita Lopez. I'm lucky to have you as my lawyer. When can I go home? Alfredo, you can't... Do you know what just happened? - The judge found you guilty. - It wasn't him. I don't know how to explain it, Ms. Lopez. That night, it wasn't my father. The Other took over him. - I would never hurt my family. - I know. And I need my family and the judge to know that, too, okay? I'll try, but it is gonna get personal, and I want you to be ready for that, okay? This phase determines whether you're going to prison or a state hospital. The guilty verdict is one thing, but the judge also found that the crime was premeditated. - So, Alfredo... - Now I'm facing life in prison. I know. I do remember that. I am going to fight like hell to not let that happen, okay? ♪   I heard you got the "guilty" verdict, so I brought you celebratory waffles. Oh, I'm starving. Thank you. We were hoping that Emily would drop the insanity plea. - She didn't. - I'm not surprised. She's not gonna give in on a case like this. - This is important to her. - It's important to me, too. It's horrible, what the trial's doing to this poor family. - Breaks my heart. - Could you imagine if your only sister wanted you in prison? - Maybe he  is  mentally ill. - He isn't. Hey, why did you take a Lyft this morning? I said I could drive you. Who are we hiding from, Luke? I'm pretty sure everyone knows that we're... Okay, but we're not hiding. We're being discreet. I thought you said you were cool with this. You are, right? [MOUTH FULL] This is good. I can't believe my boy won't be coming home. Javier, it doesn't help when my client's family doesn't believe he's ill. All I know is that he needs me. He needs his family, and he needs to come home. I know it's not that simple, but there has to be a way. Can... Can you appeal? It's not how it works. I'm a public defender. Our office doesn't handle appeals. But if you take the stand... And say what? That he's crazy? That he didn't recognize you when he attacked you, that he thought you were an imposter, that he wasn't trying to kill  you. Your testimony can save your son from prison. Rotting in prison or a state hospital seems the same to me. His life has been taken away from him. A state hospital is not prison, Javier. It's where he can go to get the help he needs to get better. And you could visit him whenever you want. You could talk to him. You could hug him. Why won't you help your son? What do you think I've been doing his whole life? [KNOCK ON DOOR] Oh. You play golf? No. [CHUCKLES] I just needed a change of view. I'm stuck inside here all the time. Look at all these plants. How do you keep them all alive? My plants always die. Well, they're not that complex. Most people neglect them and then wonder why their favorite plants turn brown and die. Oh, you got the transcript. - Is something wrong? - No, no, no. Some people replay conversations over and over in their heads. - I revisit transcripts. - Why? Sanity cases test me like no others. Now, Ms. Castillo, it is gonna be a wild ride. I suggest a game of poker at lunch to calm our nerves. What do you think? Did you know that poker for two people is actually called Heads-up? [KNOCK ON DOOR] - Hey, Mark. - Hey. So this is where the kings and queens play, huh? Not much of a kingdom. Things have been different since I put Deputy Rashel behind bars. Bravo went from showing up at my house to barely returning my calls, and I get hate mail now. Yeah, well, I knew you didn't invite me for coffee, so what do you need? You. I need you. I want you to come back to Trials. Not everyone enjoys the spotlight as much as you, Callan. You know, every attorney can only stand a finite number of trials, and I have already reached my limit. Carver, I am running a thick blue wall here. You're the only person who knows what that's like, and somehow the cops still respect the hell out of you. That's because I hold them accountable, - and I don't suffer fools. - Like in  The People vs. Cooper. They sent you down after that case. What happened? You know, I'm real sorry that Special Trials isn't so special for you anymore, but life's like that, Callan. Get used to it. [CELLPHONE RINGS] [SIGHS] [RING, DOOR CLOSES] - [CELLPHONE BEEPS] - I got your message. Absolutely not. Mark, what's the big deal? It's Rachel. I got a lot going on at work, and having a guest... It's... it's too much. Her apartment's being treated for bedbugs, and besides, I already said yes. How the hell did she get bedbugs? Why does anyone get bedbugs? So you're okay with it, right? [SIGHS HEAVILY] - He's excited to have you. - Thank you so much. It'll just be until I can get into my apartment. Okay. So where were we? Right. I think I've come up with a way for us to expand our brand, to broaden our clients' spectrum. Let me pitch this to you. Pro bono work. Amy, um... my apartment isn't being treated for bedbugs. - Spiders? - No apartment. I needed to downsize. I haven't found a place yet. I've been crashing at the office. My back hurts from sleeping on the couch, and this morning is the first day I've had a proper shower in a week. Why didn't you say something? Well, I'm saying something now. - Why don't you take my condo? - Oh, no. I-I couldn't. I have... I've been renting it out. I just need a couple days to get it cleaned up. But  mi  condo,  tu  condo. Just until I can find a cheaper apartment. Thank you. ♪ Until the sign, until the sign ♪ [SARA LAUGHING] All right. Not bad for a first-timer, all right? Oh, I doubt this is your first time. So how are your grandparents? - I heard your store was looted. - How did you... Heard you were helping them with the repairs. Yes, they have finally reopened. I couldn't be happier for them. [SIGHS] They're just the hardest working people I know. You're a good kid, Ms. Castillo. The Castro case is pretty stressful. Judge Delgado cornered me to talk about the deficiencies of mental health resources in prison, lectured me for    minutes on how I need to consider all of the sanity evidence. - [CLOSES REFRIGERATOR DOOR] - Number one... I know this. Number two... burden's on the defense, not me. Number three... I haven't heard the sanity phase yet, so... Maybe you should add a suggestion box to your office. I like you. [CHUCKLES] Oh, crap. Wait. Who is the small blind again? Me. Hey. Is Kiara here? She just left. What do you need? [SIGHS] Look, you and I both know how the trial absolutely destroyed the Castros. It's not too late to stipulate to insanity and just end this. He's not mentally ill. He thought his father was an imposter, Sam. Our experts see it differently, and the Castros need justice. They also need compassion. You know what? You don't know what it's like to be Latino and come from a community where therapy is frowned upon and is only for people who are crazy. Please don't tell me what I know and don't know, Emily. You don't know me. Well, you clearly don't know what it's like to have a father who is in absolute denial about his son's mental illness and a sister who thinks that her brother's mental breakdown is nothing more than him just being high on drugs. Drugs were found in his system that night. He's completely sane, and he knew perfectly well what he was doing. A mentally ill man has been self-medicating throughout his entire life because he has had no one to help him seek proper treatment. You don't stab someone three times by accident. If you can't see how the stigma is affecting Javier and Eva, then you need to educate yourself. ♪     - Lola's gonna kill someone. - Judge Carmichael can't find out. All right, whoever took the stag head had to be seen. They had to go past security. - And elevators. - And elevators. He could have taken the stairs. What? That's eight floors. I don't know, Sherri. That's some intense Pilates. You're right. We're overcomplicating this. You study the judges' calendar for the names of anyone who came in on the day of the crime. - Where are you going? - To interrogate Security. SHARON KING AND THE DAP-KINGS: ♪ I got a thing on my mind ♪ ♪ Sure I'm gonna find it ♪ ♪     [COUGHS] Rachel. - Uh, what are you... - Breakfast. It's the least I can do for you guys letting me stay here. Oh, come on, Mark. It's not like I haven't seen you... Morning. - Hey. - Morning. Hi. I'm gonna go take a shower. Can't wait for breakfast. [CELLPHONE CHIMES] - Ah, it's Lola. - Lola. Can I say hi? It's about a case. [DIALS, LINE RINGS] - Lo. - Mark, what do you think it means if Bailey cries every time I read her  this book? Do you think she's getting sick of the sound of my voice? Impossible. She's probably just sick of the book. Hey, listen, Lo. I need some help. Uh... I need you to call Rachel and get her out of my house. Rachel is at your house? Yeah, apparently she's having problems with her apartment or something. Why didn't she call me? She didn't call me. She just showed up out of the blue. She hasn't even seen Bailey. - Wow, I didn't know that. -  Just tell Rachel how you feel. You know, you two have always been able to talk. So... how are things at work? Any better? Well, I'm considering bringing Tony Carver on the team. Carver has been at the CEU for... -    years, I know. - The man is a legend. Yeah, well, he, uh, he kinda blew me off. Of course he did. He knows it's not gonna be that simple. Talk to Choi. See if it's even possible. And don't worry  about Rachel. Actually, now that you mention it, - your voice is kinda screechy. -  You are evil. - Bye. - [CELLPHONE BEEPS] I just got off the phone with our psychiatrist. Good news, I hope. Alfredo could be suffering from schizoid personality disorder. - We already knew that. - No, not schizophrenia. Schizoid personality disorder. - And the difference is? - It's huge. And I would like to do a cross-examination. Samantha, you've been doing a remarkable job. Kiara, I can do this. It has nothing to do with your abilities. - It's about experience. - You'll be right there. The moment that you ask me to sit down and take over, we'll switch. Look. What am I looking at? Our smoking gun. Dr. Johnson, did you reach a diagnosis when you evaluated Alfredo Castro? Yes, I did. Schizophrenia. And can you please tell the court what the main symptoms of schizophrenia are? Lack of normal thinking, withdrawal, lack of interest. Exaggerated ideas such as hallucinations or delusions. Could you please tell us what the Capgras delusion is? Whoever's suffering from it has this irrational belief that a person close to him has been replaced by an imposter. In your opinion, is it possible that Mr. Castro could have been experiencing a Capgras delusion - on the night in question? - Yes. Thank you. Nothing further, Your Honor. All right. Prosecution may cross-examine the witness. For how long have you been a licensed psychiatrist? years. Are you familiar with schizoid personality disorder? Yes, I am. Is it true that SPD does not cause delusions or hallucinations? Meaning that a person suffering from SPD maintains a complete understanding of their surroundings and is therefore completely sane at all times? Yes. Are you familiar with the book onscreen, Dr. Johnson? Um, yes, we use it as a standard diagnostic reference. Isn't it true that in order to get an official diagnosis of schizophrenia, a person has to show at least two of the following symptoms     most of the time for a month,     and some mental disturbance - over six months. - Yes, that's true. Now you, Dr. Johnson, a licensed psychiatrist for years, diagnosed the defendant with schizophrenia after only a couple of hours? Objection. Calls for speculation and argumentative. No. Overruled. You may answer. That is correct. Is it possible that you could have misdiagnosed Alfredo? Objection. Leading and prejudicial. It's a fair question, Ms. Lopez. Overruled. It's possible but not likely. Is it possible that Alfredo has SPD and not schizophrenia? Anything's possible. Is it possible that on the night in question, Alfredo acted solely on the influence of drugs and was not experiencing symptoms of schizophrenia? Yes, it is possible. No further questions. ♪     Carver hasn't had a courtroom assignment in decades. Any trial would be a challenge. Trials are challenging for anyone, and I need the help. After    years, I guarantee Carver will never return to the level of trial competence. He'll come on. He'll start as my second chair. I'll only assign him cases involving the prosecution... Carver will not work in any other unit while I'm still working here. Is that clear? Is this personal? Did something happen between you two? I've made my decision, Callan. I wish you were in court today. I was able to make everyone consider an alternative diagnosis. I totally buried Emily's witness. Hey. Don't underestimate her. She can bounce back. Whoa. How about "Congrats, Sam. Proud of you, girl"? Of course all of that. I just mean... Listen, I can't say much, but I'm guessing that this case is affecting her. Affecting her, yeah. She was rude, Luke. She came at me condescending and ready to argue, - and you're defending her? - No, I'm not defending her. I'm just saying that this case is... Important to her, right, right, right. Have you thought about how it's important to me? This is my first real cross-examination, and I was terrified to go up against the woman that you clearly still care about. - Sam, come on. - Um, I have work to do. [SIGHS] [TYPING ON KEYBOARD] I am not taking the stand. I already said no, but yet, here you are again. Trust me, Javier, I wouldn't be asking again if I didn't have to. You are not just my best option. You are my only option. You don't understand. Okay, then help me understand. What would change if you admit that your son needs help? Would you... Would you love him less? - No, never. - Then what? What would keep you from doing... My mother. She went from mental hospital to mental hospital, never getting better. What was her diagnosis? Schizophrenia. I asked you before the trial, Javier, if there was any mental illness in your family, and you said no. You know how hard it is. This could have been entered as evidence. We... We would've been in much better shape. All I'm trying to do is to protect my family. I protected her. I'll protect my son. Your son's mental illness almost killed you, and now it's gonna kill him if he doesn't get the help that he needs, Javier. ♪     - Thank you. - You're welcome. Hey, how's it going with Sam? - What do you mean? - Isn't it, like, weird and awkward? You've been a little tense. The problem isn't with Sam. It's this case. Eva's influencing the prosecution. She has zero compassion for her brother whatsoever, and Javier is in total denial. You're not prosecuting the family here, Em. You're defending Alfredo. You need to get in a room with Kiara Foster and Sam... - I don't wanna deal. - I know you don't, but no one else is working with you here, Em, so you might as well work with the D.A. [GROANS] You are wound up. I'm okay. I'm just... I don't know, a little stressed. You know. This isn't about the case, is it? It's Javier. He... He reminds you of your dad. This is totally different, Em. Your dad would understand if you just talk to him. Ah. Don't you have a bathroom in your room? Uh, Amy's using it, but go. No, no. I gotta take a shower. You go. Okay. [DOOR CLOSES] [BEEP, LINE RINGS] [CHIMES] Oh! What a surprise. Rachel Audubon with a working cellphone. Lola, Mark is being weird. It's like he's avoiding me in his own house. His and Amy's house. Don't forget that. I can't forget that. I think he thinks less of me because I'm... I'm crashing on his couch. Mark would never think less of you. He just needs his space. And you need to tell me why you haven't been here to meet Bailey yet. What are you talking about? Didn't get my present? I got your presents, Rach, but... It's not safe. I'm a COVID risk for you two. My life's a mess. I've been running all over town. - I don't even have a place to live. - Yeah, you know that my guest house is yours whenever you need it. I know. Amy offered me her condo. - [TOILET FLUSHING] - Can I call you later? Bye, Bailey! Mwah, mwah, mwah. [CELLPHONE BEEPS] [TELEPHONE RINGING IN DISTANCE] Ms. Lopez, a knock would be nice. Smoothie? If I lose the sanity phase, Alfredo will be facing life in prison. Life. Help me avoid that. Alfredo's grandmother had schizophrenia. Javier just told me. But he is unwilling to testify, and I do not have the time to get the medical records from Mexico. Why is Javier refusing? Because he thinks that he's protecting his son. Or he knows that Alfredo was entirely aware of what he was doing. No. No. It's... it's stigma. He is afraid of what people will think of his family if he tells the truth, and I... Like me, I've... I've been in therapy for a year now, and I... Wow, that's the first time I've said it out loud. We're so afraid to be seen as different, to be seen as vulnerable, and why? Why is it so hard to be real with the people that we love? Because once we do, it's out there, and it is real. Ms. Lopez, I appreciate you sharing this, but my position still stands. I know that schizophrenia can be genetic, but just because you have those genes doesn't necessarily mean that you will develop the illness. He stabbed his father three times. He's a dangerous man. [SIGHS] For the record, please state your whereabouts on February  th of this year. You do realize there's nowhere we can go. I asked a question, and that does not seem like an answer. - Home. - Home. A likely story. - Judge Benner? - I did not take Laski's stag head. Judge Benner, you seem on edge. If there's no stag head and no Uhura, you are facing the wrath of not one but two judges, and I for one, do not wanna see Lola upset. So yes, I'm nervous. I'm nervous for you. - Did you talk to security? - Oh, she did. My report indicates that no human was seen or caught on camera carrying a stag head. - The stairs. - More than likely, but I am more curious on who had access to Judge Carmichael's chambers. We would never hurt Lola. Intentionally, no, but unintentionally, you did. All right. You can intentionally or unintentionally exclude me from the list of suspects. I've got some work to do. Ms. Castillo? Sorry. 
 
 All right. Someone who had access to the building after hours. Someone who was fit enough to carry a decapitated animal carcass down eight flights of steps. Someone who wants revenge on Laski. Someone who cares about Lola. I have to say, Ms. Kanski, you have a talent for this. It is... so obvious. [KNOCK ON DOOR] Choi?! You went to Choi?! - Just hear me out, okay? - I cannot come back, son! Nobody wants me up there! It's been too long! What happened in the Cooper case? You filed charges against an LAPD officer, excessive force after a young Black man is wounded. Judge rules "not guilty." Now I know that's not the whole story. The defense wanted a bench trial. I pushed for a jury trial. I wanted my downtown jury, my jurors of color. My boss overruled me, and I had to waive jury, so the case went to trial before Judge Collins. Collins was tough, but he had a reputation for being fair. - He ruled "not guilty." - So? So I lost it. Right there in front of everybody, I lost my temper, and I accused that judge of not having the nerve to rule "guilty" because Cooper wore a badge. - You weren't wrong. - I wasn't right either, Callan. I should have handled it differently. Maybe it's time for you to pick up where you left off. Think about it. Retirement can't be that far off, right? How nice would it be to come full circle, you finish back on top? I really appreciate what you're doing, Callan. I really do, but do me a favor, huh? Leave it alone. [DOOR CLOSES] [SIGHS] You have a way with Tony Carver. He won't let me help him. You can't fix everything, Callan. Look, I'm leaving tomorrow, so you can either have that beer with me, or you can continue avoiding me. I'm not avoiding you. I'm... Just been swamped at work, and I'm... stressed out. The Mark I know talks nonstop when he's stressed and swamped at work. [SIGHS] Can I ask you... why'd you come here? The firm's not doing well. And I guess I just wanted to feel safe for a couple days. I mean, why didn't you go to Lola's? You know how much I love Lola. But COVID's been a lonely time, and seeing her with Bailey and Robin, I'm scared I'll never have that. You are Rachel frickin' Audubon, all right? You'll be fine. You think? Yeah. ♪     You always make me feel like I can take on the world. [ARLO PARK'S "HURT" PLAYING] ♪ I know you can't let go of anything at the moment ♪ Uh... ♪ Just know it won't hurt so Rachel, I'm... ♪ Won't hurt so much forever, it won't hurt so much ♪ ♪ Won't hurt so much forever ♪ - ♪ Won't hurt so much ♪ - [DOOR OPENS] ♪ Won't hurt so much ♪ I can't take the stand, Señorita Lopez. I mean, doctors can't even agree on what's happening to me. How much help can I be? Listen... A few years ago, I suffered trauma, and it took me a while to accept that I needed help. You were sick, too? I was wounded. And I couldn't heal alone. I... I couldn't even talk to my father. I... I was so scared, just like you are now. And I understand... how hard this is, I do. But I'm... I'm just asking you to be braver than I was. All you have to do is tell the truth... [VOICE ECHOING] what thoughts were going on in your head, how you were feeling, what we are... Why are you telling me all these things right now? Because your father won't testify, Alfredo, but you can. - No, I can't. - We're running out of options... No! [VOICE ECHOING] Okay. Hey. I'm s... Um, I didn't mean to stress you out. I thought you were gone. Why are you back? Back? Alfredo? It's me, Emily. No. I know who you are. You stay away from me! - Look at me. Look at me. - What did you do to Señorita Lopez?! It's Emily Lopez... Señorita Lopez! If you're in there, can you hear me?! Calm down. Señorita Lopez, I'm not gonna let him hurt you! - Guard! Guard?! - I'm not gonna let him... - Guard, please... - [SOBBING] Señorita Lopez! I'm not gonna let him. [SOBBING] Alfredo had enough last night. - Is he okay? - They gave him some medication. He didn't know who I was. He didn't recognize me. It was really hard to watch, and I can't imagine how hard it must have been for you. Alfredo is facing life in prison. I have tried to work with the prosecution, but it's not happening. His episode could be grounds to have him declared mentally incompetent, so I-I can push for a mistrial if you're okay with that. I don't have money to get him treatment on my own. I want him to get better. You say I can visit him in the state hospital, right? Yes. Would it help if the judge knows about my mother? I don't have time to get any evidence to prove that. Is it too late for me to testify? ♪     He was confused. He kept calling me an imposter, asking me not to hurt his father. There was fear in his eyes. I was just trying to understand where all this was coming from. Is there any history of mental illness in your family? My mother had schizophrenia. By the time she was diagnosed, the illness had fully taken over. Hospitals didn't seem to help. I had no idea what was happening to her. Everyone abandoned her. I didn't want that for my son. Mr. Castro, have you witnessed on multiple occasions over the past six months any behaviors from your son that may mirror your mother's schizophrenic symptoms? Objection. We all know what she's doing, Your Honor. Yes, we do. The witness may answer the question. [CRYING] Every day. Lo siento, mijo. [SPEAKING SPANISH] _     [SNIFFLES] Judge. Please. Send him where they can help him, Your Honor. Please? [CRYING] Mija. You should have told me. I had a right to know. You let me believe he was a reckless addict. The first time I've ever heard about his illness was here, in court. All this time, you knew. - I wanted to be wrong. - We wouldn't be here if you would've just talked to me, Papá. I could have helped. I apologize on Callan's behalf for wasting your time. Why'd you call this meeting, then, just to watch us beg? Yeah, I'm not doing that. You have a good day, fellas. Judge Collins was a good man. I was there that day. - How old are you? - I was a young D.A. Judge Collins was not only my mentor, but he also helped me find my career path. And your outburst set a few things in motion, including a formal grievance filed against Collins. Yeah, but only one of us got punished. You see, Mark, one loud moment in your life can define the rest of it, no matter how much good you've done before that. Life is like that... at least it is for some of us. Well, I look at Carver, right? I read about his old cases, the work that he did. And it makes me wanna do better. I want change, and I know you do, too, but we need all the help we can get. Do you wanna come back? - Do you want me back? - We need to take this to Bravo. But I think we can make it work. - That's all I need for now. - Whoa, what does that mean? As you get older, Mark, your priorities change. We see each other differently now, and that tops any job offer for me. That said, if you get a Special Trial, and you feel that it's special enough... go ahead and call me. [DOOR CLOSES] ♪     The prosecution may cross-examine the witness. Your Honor, no questions for the witness. The People are willing to enter into a stipulation as to the issue of the defendant's sanity and concede that he was legally insane when he committed the crime. Ms. Lopez, are you willing to stipulate? Yes... Yes, Your Honor. Very well. The court will accept that stipulation, and on that basis, find the defendant was legally insane at the time of the offense. Alfredo Castro... You will be committed to the Department of State Hospitals for care and treatment forthwith, and that will be the order. [GAVEL BANGS] [MOUTHS WORDS] Thank you, Ms. Lopez. I'm so grateful. Thank you. [MURMURING] Yeah, you know? Hey! Sam, Kiara, I just wanted to say thank you. You were both kind and fair throughout, and the D.A. needs more people like you. - Appreciate that. - Thank you. Hey, Sam. Really, thank you. That was nice. No, no, no. That one's still moist. These in particular have to dry out completely - before being watered again. - Oh. Ah. Few things sadder than a post-holiday poinsettia. Hey, Judge Campbell, can I ask,     why do you hate sanity cases so much? Mental illness affects many families. Mine's one of 'em. You know, I just needed a little light, some fun. - I thank you for both. - You are a good man, Judge Campbell. You've been an absolute pleasure to work with. It would be an honor if you would consider working for me. No pressure. Just promise you'll think it over. ♪     [SIGHS] [LINE RINGS] [CHIMES] Sherri, is everything okay? That depends, Mr. Callan, on how honest you are. Am I supposed to be following this? Laski took Uhura. He wants his stag head back. Sherri, I would never... On the night of February  th, you waited until everyone left, and you used the copy of your extra key to get into the building. I don't have keys to Lola's chambers. She gave you one for emergencies during her pregnancy. Nothing's gonna happen to Uhura, and I'll deal with Laski. You'd better. ♪ Walkin' up and down ♪ Sam? ♪     I'm sorry I didn't show my support the way you needed it. ♪     I'm really proud of you. Sam, you killed it. Thanks. I'm proud, too. Should we celebrate? Wine and dine, pandemic style? I cook? I actually wanna go home. Understandable. You had a big day. ♪ Time was moving fast ♪ I can't do this anymore. This? This... situation-ship, this entanglement, this "I want this, but I don't want that." I can't. Okay, I-I didn't know. I thought you were okay with our understanding. I was. I'm not anymore. ♪     You kept saying that we would talk later, - and later never came. - Sam... I've been putting your needs first, and I completely forgot about my own. And I just... I wanna feel safe to fall in love. So you're breaking up with me? We're just friends. There's nothing to break. ♪      ♪ We've been wasting time ♪ ♪ Getting wasted every night ♪ ♪ Now my eyes are open wide ♪ ♪ Blinded by streetlights ♪ ♪ There must be a reason ♪ - I love it. - Yeah? Yeah. You never actually told me why you named your organization "More Than Three."     [SIGHS] In     , I was part of an event     that changed my life. U.S. Customs and Border Protection opened the gate for three minutes so thousands of families could hug. Can you imagine that? Only three minutes? Families deserve to be together for more than three minutes. You reunite immigrant families, and I'm here panicked about having to  talk with my dad tomorrow. Why are you so afraid? Um... My ex-husband... hit me, and I... and I just... I needed help to heal from it, and that takes a little time. I'm finally at a place where I feel like I'm reconnecting with myself. Wait. Your dad doesn't know? I told him that we got divorced because my ex wanted kids and I didn't, but... [SIGHS] My dad raised me to be tough. And I just... I didn't want him... to think differently of me. I didn't... I didn't want him to know that his daughter, that his... his baby girl... was that weak. You're not weak. We have the right to be safe when we're not at our best. You're safe to fly or fall with me, Lawyer Bae. [CHUCKLES] [SIGHS] [WHISPERS] Come here. FLUME: ♪ What I would do to take away ♪ ♪ This fear of being loved ♪ Allegiance to the pain ♪ Now I messed up... Well, something smells good in the kitchen. What's the occasion? We finally have our house to ourselves. Where is Rachel? She has not been picking up her phone. She said she had a family emergency. She went to stay with her cousin or something. So... start looking for tenants for your condo. [GLASSES CLINK] I was thinking I would sell the condo. Yeah? Yeah. I already have a home. ♪ Tell me everything's okay ♪ ♪ 'Cause I got it ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ I love you. Wow. - Oh, boy. Wow. I just... I said that. - Yeah. ♪ Please just look me in my face ♪ ♪ Tell me everything's okay ♪ ♪ 'Cause I got it ♪ I love you, too, Callan. ♪ I'm only human, can't you see? ♪ ♪ I made, I made a mistake ♪ ♪ Please just look me in my face ♪ ♪ Tell me everything's okay ♪ ♪ 'Cause I got it, ooh ♪ ♪ He never be like you ♪ [CHUCKLES] So... what's for dinner? Did I ever tell you that I make the most unbelievable lasagne? No way. Ohh! ♪ He never be like you 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 