Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 - Grantchester 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=166&t=26210 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/24/16 04:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Season 2, Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Give Gary the strength to trust in you in the dark as well as the light. 
 And let him remember that Jesus was a prisoner too, and he will be with him always. 
 I can't sleep. 
 I keep dreaming that I'm falling. 
 And then... yank. 
 It is going to be all right. 
 You just have to tell the truth. 
 They won't believe me. 
 Nobody does. 
 Except you. 
 Have faith. 
 The jury will believe you. 
 (CHILDREN GIGGLING) 
 Are they making friends now? 
 Is Mary much nicer now? 
 It's Gary Bell's trial next week. 
 I know. 
 I'm a witness for the defence. 
 (SIGHS) Oh, come on, Sidney. 
 Juries these days are looking for any excuse to let murderers off. 
 Don't be part of that mob. 
 I think technically the mob is the lot that want Gary dead. 
 Pass me some nails. 
 Is this because you don't like the death penalty? 
 It's because Gary's not a murderer. 
 He didn't mean to kill Abigail. 
 I knew it was too soon to scrap that pram. 
 We need to stick you in it, you're that naive. 
 We can agree to disagree... can't we? 
 Yeah. 
 All right, Mr Chambers? 
 Mr Lawson. 
 Good to see you. How have you been? 
 Do you believe in ghosts? 
 In ghosts? 
 She won't leave me alone. 
 Anna's with God. I'm sure of it. 
 But she isn't. She's back. She's in the house. 
 She's in the stables where she... 
 You know, where... 
 .. where she did it. 
 You need to come to Kingsbrook. 
 To do an exorcism. 
 (DOOR SHUTS) 
 Who's doing this? 
 Mr Lawson? 
 Can't you smell it? 
 Smell what? 
 Joy. 
 It was Mrs Lawson's perfume. 
 A blend of rose and jasmine. 
 How many times? 
 You will refer to her as 'the late Mrs Lawson', if you must refer to her at all. 
 Mrs Lawson. 
 Mr Chambers is gonna say a few prayers. 
 Mrs Elton, will you get Laszlo, please? 
 Reggie, no. He's Jewish. 
 It's all the same god, Mrs Lawson. 
 Dear God... we thank you for the blessings of the present, and we pray that you heal the hurts of the past. 
 We ask you to hold close those who have departed, and in particular, Anna Lawson -- 
 (CRASH, GLASS SHATTERING) 
 Anna bought that. 
 You could say that about anything in this house. 
 I never liked it. 
 I'll... have it repaired. 
 You see, Mr Chambers? 
 Reggie, it's a terrible old house. 
 The plaster is no good. Nails give all the time. 
 What do you think, Mr Herzl? 
 My sister is here, in our hearts. 
 The rest is wishful thinking. 
 The horses have seen her in the stables, twice. 
 Twice, they've gone wild. 
 They start at anything. A pigeon. 
 Sospiro. My sister's horse. 
 Kicked so hard against the stable door, he broke his leg. 
 He had to be put down. 
 Well, maybe we should get rid of everything connected with Anna. 
 Er... could you bear to show me the stables, Mr Lawson? 
 You wanna put the church fund on this one, Mr Chambers. 
 Devil's Banquet. 
 Running at Newmarket tomorrow. 
 3:30. 
 Form of his life. 
 (HORSE SNORTS) 
 Devil's Banquet? 
 Not sure the Bishop would approve. 
 It's the most terrible sight I shall ever see. 
 My beloved wife, just hanging in the air. 
 You know, one lived in fear of it. 
 She'd made lots of attempts before, before we met. 
 I can still see her dead eyes... 
 (THUNDER RUMBLES OUTSIDE) 
 .. staring at me. 
 (HORSES NEIGH) 
 But it wasn't me that she was staring at. 
 It was... It was the horses. 
 Her beloved Sospiro. 
 Now he's gone, too. 
 (STABLE DOOR CLATTERS) 
 Steady, Greaves. The horses don't want any more frights. 
 How long was it before you remarried? 
 Four months. 
 Perhaps you didn't leave yourself enough time to grieve. 
 It's only catching up with you now. 
 In my head. 
 Like Kitty says. 
 It's the cleverest people that have the most lively imaginations. 
 (THUNDER RUMBLES) 
 Here you are. You take it, Mr Chambers. 
 No, no, no. 
 No, no. It's not mine. 
 We've got stacks of them in the house. 
 Thank you, Mr Chambers. I er... 
 I do feel calmer. 
 Clearer. 
 They say you can see Lord Byron's ghost swimming in Byron's pool, just below the weir. 
 I say any undergraduate in his birthday suit looks like Lord Byron. 
 Easy not to believe in 'em till you've seen 'em for yourself. 
 Goodness, Mrs M. Have there been many? 
 My Uncle Bert. 
 Died in a direct hit on the Anderson. 
 That didn't stop him going down the allotments every night and sabotaging Dad's runner beans. 
 Oh, whatever did you do? 
 I told him, if he didn't leave off, we'd dig him up and stick him under the asparagus. 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 Maybe that's him, now (!) 
 I know we said we'd go to the pictures on Monday, but my sister's throwing a party to celebrate her new job, so... 
 Oh. OK. 
 Er... so, would you like to come? 
 I know she's dying to meet you. 
 Well... 
 I'm sure Marlon Brando can wait. 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 (EXHALES) 
 It's not true, is it? 
 You're not really defending that monster? 
 I'm not defending Gary. 
 I'm just gonna say what I believe is true. 
 That he was Abigail's friend. 
 That it is a terrible thing that's happened, for which he is in large part to blame. 
 But he did not mean to kill her. 
 What if it was your daughter? 
 Then I would want justice. 
 As I would if he were my son. 
 There isn't enough hurt in the world to make him pay for what he's done to us. 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 Haven't they suffered enough? 
 What do you want me to do? Just stand by? 
 It's one thing supporting Phyllis, but what if that boy gets off? 
 Coming to live back here? 
 Do you want to tear the whole village apart? 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 (PHONE CONTINUES RINGING) 
 (DOOR SLAMS) 
 The vicarage. 
 There's been a hanging. 
 And I believe you know the deceased. 
 (HORSES NEIGH) 
 He said he felt calmer. 
 I thought I'd helped. 
 But it's because he'd made the decision already. 
 Don't go blaming yourself, Sidney. 
 He did this. 
 I have to speak to Mrs Lawson. 
 She's asleep now. They all are. 
 The doctor had to give the housekeeper a sedative. 
 Why was he facing the wrong way? 
 He described Anna's death so vividly. 
 She was facing the horses. 
 Ropes twist. 
 But the stool. 
 That's where he'd kick it if he was facing the barn. 
 Sidney, you've nothing to feel guilty about. 
 Don't make this something that it isn't. 
 (HORSES WHINNYING) 
 (GASPS) 
 (EXHALES) 
 (SIGHS) 
 It's er... kind of you to come, but Reggie wants his ashes scattered on the Long Gallop. 
 I've got a thousand things to sort out before I can think about that. 
 I think when something like this happens, people can feel a tremendous guilt. 
 I think that's what Reggie felt about Anna's death. 
 But... is it possible somebody... hounded him to it? 
 The perfume. The painting. 
 Was someone making him feel haunted? 
 Her brother? 
 The housekeeper that keeps this place a shrine to her sainted memory? 
 But he wouldn't get rid of them. No, he wanted to be haunted. 
 (HORSE WHINNIES IN DISTANCE) 
 (HOOVES CLATTER ON GRAVEL) 
 Mr Chambers. Would you help me down? 
 If there's one thing I'm sure of, Reggie would want the horses worked. 
 But the truth is, when I'm up here, I feel whole again. 
 Could you pass me my stick? 
 (GRUNTS) 
 A riding accident? 
 No. Auschwitz. 
 I'm so sorry. I didn't know. 
 Well, it's not exactly small talk, is it? 
 What's terrible is to be left behind. 
 Now I shall be cast out. 
 The second Mrs Lawson has no love for me. 
 I get the feeling she thinks you reminded Reggie too much of Anna. 
 Ridiculous. 
 If anyone should remind him of Anna, it's her. 
 I was in Israel their entire relationship. 
 Kitty was always here. 
 She was? 
 She was Anna's secretary. 
 No, the real reason Kitty hates me is the age-old one. 
 If only I was less Jewish (!) 
 You don't think someone erm... drove him to it? 
 With this haunting? 
 No-one could get Reggie to do anything he didn't want. It drove Kitty mad. 
 Of course, now she can have her way with everything. 
 But you can live wherever you want, though, can't you? 
 You're not dependent on Kitty's charity. 
 What we got out of Hungary? I gave my share away. 
 There are hundreds of thousands arriving in Israel every year with nothing. 
 Anna's share of our family fortune went to Reggie. 
 And now Kitty. 
 (STABLE DOOR CLOSES) 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 May I have a word? 
 Of course. 
 I've done something wicked. 
 And I've never felt more alive. 
 I put a guinea on Devil's Banquet. 
 Sidney, it won. 
 33 to one! 
 Of course, I shall give all the money to the Church. 
 Only there's a mackintosh at Joshua Taylor's that's caught my eye and... 
 I... I'll give it to the Church! 
 Take a friend out for dinner. 
 Why would Reggie Lawson hang himself before his best horse had the race of his life at Newmarket? 
 He fancied her to win! 
 Who knows what goes through the mind of a suicidal man, Sidney? 
 What if it wasn't suicide? 
 When Reggie was found hanging, he was facing the barn. 
 Anna was facing the horses. 
 What if he was forced to do it and his only way of telling us was to face the other way? 
 Sospiro, Lawson's champion race horse, supposedly broke his leg thrashing out against the stall door. 
 But the door doesn't have a scratch on it! 
 What if Reggie had worked out who harmed Sospiro and it cost him his life? 
 Inspector Keating? We're ready for your testimony. 
 And were you able to uncover the reason why Gary Bell would want to kill Abigail? 
 She was pregnant, and only 15. 
 A crime had already been committed and was bound to come out. 
 Are you saying that the accused was the father? 
 All I know is that back in the spring, Gary had been accused of assaulting Abigail. 
 He admitted they'd been all over each other. 
 My learned friend is going to suggest to us that Gary Bell was trying to help Abigail. 
 If you're helping someone, why do you hold them by the throat so hard you nearly break their collarbone? 
 And when they stop breathing, why don't you call a doctor? 
 Why do you leave them dead on the floor? 
 Like a piece of rubbish. 
 He told them it was Gary's baby. 
 It wasn't Gary's baby. 
 We don't know that. 
 Just because your friend Sam Milburn slept with Abigail doesn't mean Gary didn't. 
 You know he was trying to help her get rid of it. 
 That's what he told you. We got a different story. 
 Was that before or after you had him by the neck (?) 
 I'll do my job. You do yours. 
 Stay out of this, Sidney. 
 I'd love to stay out of it, but you're making it impossible. 
 Somebody needs to speak the truth. 
 Oh... 'I am the truth'? 
 That's you, is it? 
 For a clever man, you really don't know anything. 
 Are you coming or not? 
 I thought we had to investigate this damn horse. 
 (SIGHS) 
 How did Sospiro break his leg, Mr Greaves? 
 He thrashed out in his stall. 
 I just had a look at the stall door. Unmarked. 
 Please help us, Mr Greaves. 
 Who'd wanna get back at Mr Lawson? 
 I don't know. 
 Well, have a ride about on this one. 
 It was you. 
 Paid by a rival owner to destroy Mr Lawson's best asset. 
 It wasn't me. 
 But you know who it was. 
 Lawson. 
 He did it himself. 
 Why would Reggie harm his prize horse? 
 Ask the Jew. 
 Reggie? 
 That's what Greaves says. 
 He said you'd know why. 
 (SIGHS) 
 I'd organised insurance for the horses. 
 Sospiro was at the end of his racing career, but set to be a valuable stud. 
 I covered him accordingly. 
 Then we discovered he wasn't quite the stud we hoped. 
 He killed the horse for money? 
 Did Reggie have money worries? 
 No. But he was a shrewd businessman. 
 (HANDBRAKE ENGAGES) 
 (SIGHS) 
 The only crime committed was insurance fraud by a man who killed himself. 
 Oh, and you. 
 For wasting police time. 
 Publishing. 
 So, does that mean the party's going to be full of famous authors? 
 Absolutely. 
 I know JB Priestley's gonna be there. 
 Bertrand Russell. 
 I think Tolkein might turn up later. 
 No. There'll be no-one you have to worry about. 
 Sidney! 
 I was hoping you'd make the trek. 
 Hello. Lovely to see you again. 
 It's Mrs Hopkins, isn't it? 
 Oh, do call me Amanda. 
 I always feel like Mrs Hopkins sounds like someone awfully dull. 
 So, you're the girl that's keeping Sidney out of trouble, are you? 
 Excellent. 
 Sidney, you made it! Hello. 
 Margaret! I've heard so much about you. 
 He didn't tell me how pretty you are. 
 I'm sure he thought you could take that for granted. 
 Congratulations on the job. 
 I'm the lowest of the low, but it's a great house. 
 They publish Somerset Maugham, Graham Greene... 
 I love Graham Greene. I read The End Of The Affair twice. 
 He's got two new ones coming out next year. 
 I'll be sure to get you advance copies. 
 So, Jen, how is it? 
 Really long hours. 
 I've got this huge pile of books to get through, the phone rings every five minutes... 
 It's heaven, really. 
 How many weeks holiday do you get? 
 Two. 
 Me, too. Don't know what to do with it when it comes. 
 How are the men? 
 All right so far. Mostly married. 
 They're the worst. If they ask you out for dinner, it's not to discuss your career. 
 Tell me about it. 
 The novel that's coming out next year is set on a farm. 
 But why would a man who's feeling suicidal commit insurance fraud? 
 Well, he might do both if he's in financial difficulty. 
 But he wasn't. He was making money, planning ahead. 
 He wanted to build a new stable yard. 
 Sorry, we should talk about something else. 
 The first wife died the same way? 
 That's what the killer wants this to look like. 
 But who's to say she killed herself? 
 Get away with it once. Why not twice? 
 So someone murdered Anna Lawson? 
 (A double murder!) Oh, that's brilliant. 
 We'll have to dig out the old coroner's report. 
 I'll phone Geordie. 
 I suppose the person who's done best out of this is the new Mrs Lawson. 
 It seems an awful lot of trouble. 
 (UNINTELLIGIBLE HISSING) 
 Doesn't she know we can earn our own money now? 
 
 
 
 (MUSIC AND CHATTER FROM INSIDE) 
 Not quite the banks of the Cam, is it? 
 Well, if you close your eyes... 
 How's married life? 
 Sometimes, I have to pinch myself. 
 Can't the maid do that for you? 
 She wouldn't dare. Far too timid. 
 You seem to be making great strides with your lovely Margaret. 
 Yes. 
 She's got 'vicar's wife' written all over her. 
 Does she? I haven't found that bit yet. 
 Well, you can't have looked very hard. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Is it really all it's cracked up to be? 
 Someone who's always there for you. 
 Knows your thoughts before you know them yourself. 
 Laughs at your jokes. 
 Listens to your stupidities. 
 Lightens your sorrows. 
 Does Guy lighten your sorrows? 
 (FOOTSTEPS) 
 What are you doing out here? 
 Telling Sidney about the joys of marriage. 
 Come on. Let's fill our glasses. We can toast the career girl. 
 I'm going home. 
 Geordie, Anna Lawson's body was chock-full of sleeping pills. 
 How did you miss that? 
 We didn't miss anything. 
 All her previous attempts had been overdoses. 
 That's the good thing about hanging. 
 They don't find you in three minutes, you're dead. 
 You've been hanging around with me too long, Sidney. 
 You're seeing murders where there are none. 
 Why don't you worry about the murders that have been committed, not the ones that haven't? 
 Another? 
 (TILL RINGS) 
 Come on. 
 We've got work to do. You were right. 
 Reggie Dawson was hanging from a rope that was five foot... from beam... 
 .. to noose. 
 On you get. 
 You're a similar height to Reggie. 
 The length of the rope for Anna Lawson was six inches shorter. 
 She was your height. 
 Now, either she flew into that noose... or someone put her in it. 
 If Jesus was crucified on Good Friday, then on Easter Sunday was resurrected, doesn't that make him a ghost? 
 That's right, Geordie. 
 Thank goodness for ghosts and the death penalty, or I wouldn't have a job (!) 
 Oh, we'd find you something down the station. 
 You don't make a bad mug of tea. 
 The secretary kills the first wife, so she can marry the wealthy widower. 
 Then she does the same to him. 
 After three years? 
 She's patient. 
 Or she thought they'd be happier. 
 Laszlo. Now, he's more acquainted with death than anyone should be. 
 He was in Israel when his sister died. 
 I can get that checked. 
 The housekeeper, she was devoted to Reggie. 
 Maybe she thought she'd be the next Mrs Lawson. 
 So in the end, she couldn't forgive him for marrying the secretary. 
 (LAUGHS SOFTLY) 
 What? 
 You love all this, don't you? 
 Don't say that. 
 It's true, though. 
 Why do I spend so much time looking for the bad in people? 
 Mm, when you don't like seeing it through to its conclusion. 
 I don't like murder. Even for murderers. 
 It's not murder. It's justice, Sidney. 
 People need it. 
 The Redmonds. I need it. 
 This job. The things we see. 
 It has to mean something. 
 I swear by Almighty God that the evidence I shall give shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. 
 You say that the defendant was performing an abortion on Abigail, which she had asked for. 
 This was his baby? 
 No. 
 No? Then whose? 
 Sam Milburn's. 
 Until recently, he was the vicar at Hardwick. 
 A vicar, no less! 
 So, rather than asking this vicar to help, Abigail asked Gary. 
 Which he did out of the goodness of his heart (?) 
 That's what Gary told me, and having had the chance to observe the friendship between Gary and Abigail, that's what I believe. 
 Isn't it more likely that the defendent was jealous? 
 Why should sleep with the vicar and not him? 
 Maybe he pretended to know about abortions, but his true intention was very different indeed. 
 That's not the Gary I know. 
 I think he panicked. 
 Oh, you think he panicked? 
 So how do you account for the fact that Inspector Keating tells such a different story? 
 My concern, Mr Chambers, is that your dog collar gives you an air of authority, but it is little more than a signifier of unworldliness. 
 Whereas Inspector Keating is a man of experience. 
 He said he needs Gary to hang. 
 (OUTRAGED MURMURING) 
 He 'needs' Gary to hang? 
 Absurd. 
 I suggest that it is you who need Gary not to hang. 
 (DOOR SHUTS SOFTLY) 
 (SIGHS) 
 Thought you might need the company. 
 Where's Mrs Maguire? 
 She's gone off in high dudgeon. 
 Not, I think, at me. 
 (SIGHS) 
 I don't wanna talk about it. 
 I know just the thing. 
 Mm. 
 I need to think. 
 No, you don't. 
 Mm. Stop. Margaret. 
 What happened to 'I'm no saint'? 
 I'm not a saint, but I am a clergyman. 
 And this isn't -- 
 What? Appropriate? 
 No. 
 I mind my Ps and Qs. 
 I put up with your moods and your moans, and your jazz. 
 And I'm not appropriate? 
 Well, I bet I know who is. Your little friend Amanda. 
 This has got nothing to do with her. 
 I'm no fool. 
 But I'll tell you why SHE isn't appropriate. 
 One, she's married. 
 And two, she's nothing but a common little thief. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Shoplifting. 
 Why would you say something like that? 
 Ask Geordie. 
 (SIDNEY BECHET PLAYS ON RECORD PLAYER) 
 What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this? 
 Knocked off my bicycle. 
 Oh, b*st*rd. Did you get the number plate? 
 It was a metaphor. 
 Oh. Ah... 
 They're the worst. 
 They come out of nowhere, and bam! 
 I'll tell you something about the police force. 
 We may not all like each other, but another copper would never stab you in the back. 
 You know what I like about the police? 
 Nobody pretends to be a saint. 
 In fact, most of you pretend to be worse than you are. 
 Thank you very much. 
 And what's all this 'you' business? 
 You're one of us. 
 I'm not really. 
 Course you are. 
 And if anyone says otherwise, you come and tell me. 
 You're lovely. 
 (THUNDER RUMBLES) 
 (POUNDING RAIN) 
 Sorry. I didn't mean to startle you. 
 I haven't slept. 
 How long will the jury take? Do you think we'll know today? 
 Are you agreed upon a verdict? 
 We are. 
 Do you find the prisoner Gary Bell guilty or not guilty of murder? 
 Guilty. 
 (GASPS AND MURMURS) 
 (JUDGE BANGS GAVEL) 
 Gary Bell. 
 It is my duty to pass upon you the only sentence the law allows for wilful murder. 
 You will be taken from this place to a lawful prison and thence to a place of execution, where you will be hanged by the neck until dead, and thereafter, your body buried within the precincts of the prison. 
 And may the Lord have mercy upon your soul. 
 Please... 
 Look, I didn't mean to kill her! 
 I'm only 18... 
 Take him down. 
 No! No, please! No! 
 Please, no! No, no! 
 I'm sorry, Mum. Mum, I'm sorry! 
 I'm sorry, Mum! No, please! 
 (PHYLLIS SOBS HYSTERICALLY) 
 Twice in a week? My cup runneth over. 
 Is that blasphemy? I'm never sure. 
 I've burnt every bridge testifying for Gary Bell, and they're gonna hang him anyway. 
 What have I achieved? 
 Nothing. 
 I don't know what I'm doing. 
 Sticking to your guns, by the sounds of it. 
 Sorry, I... 
 (EXHALES) 
 I didn't know who else to talk to. 
 You can talk to me. 
 Can you talk to me? 
 I know about the shoplifting. 
 (LAUGHS UNCOMFORTABLY) 
 Oh, it was a silly mistake. You know how forgetful I am. 
 Amanda, I know you. 
 You're unhappy. 
 Anyone would be in your situation. 
 My situation? 
 I've seen how he is with you. 
 Why wasn't it you? 
 Why didn't you ask me to marry you? 
 I thought you could do better. 
 Then you're just like my father. 
 Like Guy. 
 Making my choices for me. 
 What can I do to make it right? 
 It's too late. 
 No, it's not. 
 I'm having a baby. 
 (SOBS SOFTLY) 
 I don't know what to say. 
 Thank you. 
 For what you did say. 
 At least you believed in me. 
 I wish I could have made a difference. 
 (SIGHS) 
 It's so unfair. 
 Don't say that, Mr Chambers. 
 Just makes it worse. 
 I have to think it is fair. 
 A life... for a life. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 (EXHALES) 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 Geordie's on the phone for you. 
 Remind me, why was St Peter crucified upside down? 
 He felt he wasn't worthy to die in the same manner as our Lord. 
 Are you coming or not? It's the third time he's rung. 
 I'm not here. I'm not breaking the ninth commandment, thank you. 
 It's not a lie. 
 You shan't need that. Swallows are flying high. 
 (TUTS) At least take the dog with you! 
 You're leaving. 
 It's only a matter of time before the new mistress of Kingsbrook gives me my marching orders. 
 You'll want this. 
 It's so worn at the tip, I suppose you use it as a stick. 
 Thank you. It's not how you used it at the stables, though, is it? 
 Is this about the insurance? 
 I thought it was about money... or horses... or love. 
 But it was about justice, wasn't it? 
 A life for a life. 
 Reggie killed your sister, so you killed him. 
 He kept you here not out of kindness but out of guilt. 
 When did you start to suspect? 
 And the haunting. That was to see if you were right, wasn't it? 
 Your sister's perfume. 
 Who's doing this? 
 (HORSE NEIGHS) 
 Frightening the horses. 
 And the painting. 
 There are advantages to having a stick. 
 (GLASS SHATTERS) 
 I wish you'd known her, Sidney. 
 She was the bravest woman in the world. 
 To survive is hard, but she did. 
 And for what? 
 So... Reggie facing the other way. 
 Was that just a mistake? 
 Or did you think he didn't deserve to die exactly how your sister had? 
 He was so on edge with it all, I thought he might even kill himself. 
 Put the noose up in the stables, but he just stared at it. 
 And I was impatient, so... 
 First, he tried to bluff his way out. 
 But I made him stand on the stool, put his head through the noose. 
 It was a relief for him to confess, finally. 
 He'd married her for her money, thinking she'd kill herself before long. 
 Auschwitz cast a long shadow. 
 But she stopped being suicidal. 
 What irony! 
 The year before her death was the happiest she'd ever been. 
 So he had to do the job himself. 
 I think he thought I just wanted to hear it. 
 That I'd let him go. 
 You have blood on your hands. 
 Is that what Anna would have wanted? 
 I feel guilty for many things... 
 But this? Never. 
 Where does it end? 
 He kills Anna, you kill him. 
 They kill you. 
 Is that justice? 
 Everyone dead? 
 Everyone is already dead. 
 (UMBRELLA CLATTERS TO FLOOR) 
 (RECEDING FOOTSTEPS) 
 (DOOR OPENS AND SHUTS) 
 Are you avoiding me? 
 Not successfully. 
 You've worked it out, haven't you? 
 Have you? 
 I've worked out you have, which is as good as. 
 Come on, then. 
 Who did it? 
 Who did what? 
 Don't play coy. Who killed Lawson? 
 Lawson. 
 No. 
 You persuaded me it wasn't suicide. What are you not telling me, Sidney? 
 That's your trick, isn't it? 
 Amanda, shoplifting? 
 She didn't want you to know. 
 This is different. 
 You're committing an offence if you don't report a crime. 
 What crime? You said it yourself. 
 I look for murder where there is none. 
 What is it you want? 
 A guarantee that the killer won't go to the gallows? 
 It is not your job to play God. 
 No. It's my job to serve God. 
 And what? That's it, is it? 
 You've just now remembered you're a vicar? 
 I could lock you up, for perverting the course of justice. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 You do your job. 
 I'll do mine. 
 (DOG BARKS) 
 Ooh! 
 I've booked a table for three at the Garden House Hotel. 
 For three? 
 Me, you, and Mrs Maguire. 
 I had to twist her arm a bit, but she gave in in the end. 
 You must promise me never to tell her where the money came from. 
 (DICKENS BARKS) 
 Hello, handsome. Do you want me to arrest your husband? 
 (GROANS) 
 You were the last man in that cell. 
 Don't make this personal. 
 It is bloody personal! 
 I really do think there was something between us. 
 Why do you always have to give me hope? 
 Where's your compassion? 
 I have compassion! 
 Mum thinks the appeal's gonna work. 
 If this appeal works... how are we meant to find peace? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 