Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - Death Will Have His Day - Empire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - Death Will Have His Day https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=123&t=26335 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/31/16 09:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - Death Will Have His Day 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Empire... 
 When Hakeem wins, I get to release Jamal's next album through Lyon Dynasty. 
 Lucious : Bet. 
 Times would like to do a profile on Jamal. 
 That's gonna be a little tricky, isn't it? 
 Seeing Jamal's got a girlfriend and all. 
 Nicole Richie : This has to be the first time in the history of the American Sound Awards that a father and son are going toe to toe. 
 Ain't that a bitch? 
 Lucious is just obsessed with this grandchild. 
 My beautiful wife, Camilla Marks Whiteman. 
 Remember me, Lucious? 
 You have to trust and believe me. 
 I can take you to the next level, Hakeem. 
 Hakeem : Think I'm in love. 
 I ain't never feel this way in my life. 
 I propose a vote to remove Lucious Lyon as chairman of Empire. 
 Hakeem, no! 
 Aye. 
 (alarm blaring) 
 (groans) 
 What keeps setting this thing off? 
 (gasps) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (groaning) 
 (door closes) 
 Pop. 
 Please, will you listen to me? 
 This is a huge mistake. 
 We should just... we should get out of here. 
 They already called the police. 
 This is my damn company. 
 I built it from nothing! 
 And I'll be damned if somebody gonna take me away from it. 
 Hey, Lucious, I'm down. 
 Okay? 
 I mean, I am down. 
 Feel me on this. 
 There's no doubt in my mind that that emergency vote was unlawful. 
 We get our hands on the corporate charter, I bet you we'll be able to prove that this whole Mimi/Camilla shenanigans was illegal. 
 Yeah, let's get the charter. 
 It's in a safe at our law firm. 
 Tomorrow morning, after we get a good night's sleep, we'll head down there, we'll look it up. 
 No, no, no, no. You get the charter now. 
 It's the middle of night, Pop; they're closed. 
 Excuses are the tools of the incompetent. 
 Doesn't help, Thirsty. 
 Fine. 
 If I go down there right now, will you two please leave the building before the cops get here? Please. 
 Get the charter, 'cause I ain't going nowhere. 
 Yes, sir. 
 (groans quietly) 
 (weakly): Help. 
 (sobbing) 
 Help. 
 (sobs) 
 Hey, Keem. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Why? 
 Why would you do this to your family? 
 I didn't do this to our family. 
 I did it to him. 
 Boy... you gave our business away to... that half-lesbian bitch. 
 You just threw away our legacy! 
 And for what? 
 Did she promise to make you CEO? 
 No, Mom, they didn't even know I was gonna make that decision till right before I voted. 
 We're gonna call another meeting, and you're gonna take your vote back. 
 No. 
 From the second we started Lyon Dynasty, Dad been trying to kick us off. 
 He had it coming. 
 We all got it coming, sooner or later. 
 But you getting ready to have it coming now, if you don't take your vote back. 
 Take your vote back, Hakeem. 
 No. 
 Take it back! 
 Take it back! (groans) 
 Take it back! 
 Take it back! 
 Take the damn vote back, boy! 
 Take the vote back, Hakeem! 
 I will kill your ass! You hear me?! (grunting) 
 Our next ASA nominee received a whopping seven nominations today. 
 Let's hear it for that, right? (crowd cheering) 
 Now to end our nominee midnight bash, performing his ASA-nominated song "Heavy," 
 Jamal Lyon. 
 (crowd cheering) 
 Thank you. 
 This has been kind of the craziest day ever. 
 Uh, I kind of thought I wasn't gonna make it here with y'all, but my mom told me I had to, so... 
 (laughter) 
 Y'all think I'm joking, but she really did say, "Jamal, get your ass over there." (laughs) 
 (laughter) 
 I know a lot of y'all have been talking about how my dad and I have been nominated against each other and, uh, all the craziness that's going on with our company. 
 But I want to make it clear tonight that I support my father 1,000%, always and forever, so... 
 Dad, this is for you. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ All hail the king ♪ 
♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ They say heavy is a head that wears the crown ♪ 
♪ They say heavy is a head that wears the crown ♪ 
♪ They say heavy is a head that wears the crown ♪ 
 (Rhonda sobbing) 
 ♪ Always used to think ♪ 
♪ That that was just some damn excuse ♪ 
♪ Something that the weak say ♪ 
♪ 'Cause they couldn't hold it down ♪ 
 (panting) 
 ♪ But now that I wear it ♪ 
 (sobs): Oh, no. 
 ♪ I know that to be true ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ Daddy raised a soldier whether he knew it or not ♪ 
♪ He supplied the pain ♪ 
♪ I put it in the music, made it hot ♪ 
♪ Strong back ♪ 
♪ Strong shoulders ♪ 
 Oh, God. ♪ 'Cause I'm holding up a lot ♪ 
♪ I'm underneath this bitch supporting... ♪ 
 Please. 
 Save the baby. 
 I don't care what happens to me. 
 ♪ I'm the leader, damn it, I'm the lead... ♪ 
 I can die a thousand times; just please, save my baby. 
 ♪ Feel the real weight of this crown ♪ 
♪ Not just the crown ♪ 
♪ Feeling like this whole damn kingdom's ♪ 
♪ Sittin' on top of me, yeah ♪ 
♪ Sitting on top of me ♪ 
♪ Sit-Sitting on top of me ♪ (grunts loudly) 
 ♪ Sitting on top of me ♪ 
 (glass cracks, alarm blaring) 
 ♪ And I'm-a carry it on my back until victory ♪ 
 (alarm blaring) ♪ Even though this whole ♪ 
♪ Damn kingdom's sitting on top of me. ♪ 
 (pounding on door) MAN: Police! 
 We got to get rid of these. 
 (pounding on door continues) 
 Man : Open the door, sir! 
 Trust me. 
 Mr. Lyon! 
 Okay, we are unarmed, okay? 
 And unless you have an arrest warrant, my client is the CEO of this company, which means he has every right to be in the building. 
 Former CEO. 
 This is a little pathetic, don't you think, Lucious? 
 You think this is some kind of game? 
 Get out of my office. 
 Bitch, you gonna have to drag me out of here. 
 Officer : Mr. Lyon, if you don't leave the building, we're gonna have to arrest you for trespassing. Trespassing? 
 In my office?! 
 I built this company! Lucious! 
 Uh, Rhonda's in the hospital. 
 She might not make it. 
 (heart beating) 
 Woman  (over P.A.): Code blue, Room 237. 
 Code blue, Room 237. 
 Look, y'all. 
 (sniffles) Whatever happens, we're gonna have to pull it together before Dre gets here. 
 Yeah. 
 'Cause he's gonna need us, man. 
 Yeah. 
 (door opens) 
 What happened? Is she okay? 
 You stay out of here while we talk to your brother. 
 Don't nobody want to see your ass. 
 Right now. Get out of here. 
 Who's gonna tell him? 
 Here he is. 
 What happened? Is she okay? 
 Look... 
 I'm so sorry, son. 
 What? 
 There was an accident. 
 And sometimes things don't work out the way you want... 
 Pop, what are you talk... What? 
 Jamal : Dad, wait, wait, wait. 
 Wait. Rhon-Rhonda's good, man. 
 She's okay? She's okay? 
 Yeah, yeah. She's fine. 
 Baby, baby. Baby, baby. 
 Rhonda's fine, okay? She's so strong. 
 (sniffles) But... the baby didn't make it. 
 Andre, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, Dre. 
 I'm so sorry, but it's okay. You guys are young. 
 You can try again. No, no, no. It's okay. I don't understand. 
 I know. Dre. 
 I know, baby. I know. 
 I know, I know, I know. 
 It's gonna be okay. Okay... Where-where is she? 
 Wait, wait, wait, wait. You can't go in there like that! 
 No, just... I just want to see her. Get your hands off me! 
 (overlapping shouting) 
 Dre! Dre! Get off me! Get off me! 
 They gonna come take you away, Dre. Stop. 
 Lucious : Dre! ANDRE: Let me go! 
 Dre! Let me go! (sobbing) 
 (sighs) 
 I just don't get it. 
 I don't know what happened. 
 I must have slipped or something. 
 I don't know. I'm so sorry, Andre. 
 It's all my fault. 
 It was an accident. 
 Don't blame yourself for this. 
 (gasps, sighs) 
 Don't blame yourself for this, baby. 
 When I was lying on the ground there, I thought for sure I was gonna die, so I just... started praying that God would save the baby. 
 (sniffles) 
 And then moonlight came in through the window, and I... 
 I swear, I thought he answered. 
 God saved you. 
 No. 
 No. 
 Andre, no. Uh... 
 God doesn't exist. 
 Don't say that, Rhonda. 
 If he did... then... the baby would still be here. 
 He didn't do anything to anyone. 
 (crying) 
 There really is no God, Andre. 
 (sobbing) 
 (sobbing continues) 
 Lucious? 
 Lucious? 
 Lucious? 
 Hey. 
 You okay? 
 (sighs) 
 (quiet clicking) 
 (clicking) 
 Lucious. 
 The hell are you doing? 
 I'm gonna take my company back. 
 I don't know how our son turned out to be so rotten. 
 (scoffs gently) 
 Well, maybe the apple don't fall too far from the tree. 
 If he tries to become CEO... it ain't gonna turn out good for him. 
 Don't say that. 
 I mean it, Cookie. 
 Don't ever say that. 
 I got another way in. 
 I'm-a take Camilla out from the inside. 
 I just got to get back into Empire. 
 Yeah, how you gonna get back in? 
 You just let Cookie handle that. 
 Just give me two days before you go and do something you gonna regret forever. 
 (gun clicks) 
 You got 48 hours. 
 Bye. 
 Put that damn thing away. 
 Look at this, it's fabulous. 
 This is our new clothing line. 
 Yeah. 
 I'm so sorry about your brother's child. 
 That was a tragedy. 
 How long you been planning to kick my dad off the throne? 
 Since the day he banished me. 
 Look, I've got big plans for us. 
 But you need to get rid of your little Mexican girlfriend first. 
 Babe, it's not that easy. 
 I told you, I think I'm in love with her. 
 What would you say if I made you CEO of Empire? 
 Would you still be in love with her then? 
 You can make that happen? 
 I think so. 
 The board wants Jago Locke to take over, but if we can swing enough votes, we can push you through. 
 I know a vote you can get. 
 Ma, what are you doing here? 
 I'm here to make you the deal of a lifetime, son. 
 (chuckles) 
 I'm gonna let you acquire my company. 
 And what's in it for me? 
 Hakeem Lyon, who as partner of Lyon Dynasty is still under contract with us. 
 He still belongs to me. 
 How much? 20 million. 
 (chuckles) Never. 
 Well, then you can't have Hakeem, bitch. 
 I already did. 
 And I have no problem suing you. 
 I will crush you with Empire legal bills. 
 (chuckles) 
 Hakeem, do you really want to be CEO? 
 Because I can make that happen for you, baby, but I got to be here. 
 See that scallywag next to you? 
 She ain't got what it takes to push out Jago out, but I can do it, and you know it. 
 This company is not gonna be run like gangsters anymore. 
 The answer is no, Cookie. 
 You really gonna pick this bitch over your own family, Hakeem? 
 At least she don't beat me with a purse. 
 Not unless you want me to. 
 (sniffs) 
 (candy clattering) 
 This is so childish. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay. 
 Jago Locke. 
 He's the leading CEO contender, but after Guy has a little talk with him, we expect him to drop out. 
 Or leave the country. 
 Lucious : I need you all to systematically pay a visit to each and every one of these board members. 
 Listen, just so we're all on the same page, and I'm clear, how hard do you want this talk? 
 Thirsty : Well, seeing as you and whomever else just got released from prison, I'd say nothing illegal like murder, but everything else is fair game. 
 Basically, truth is, we're at war. 
 The empire is at stake, and you can't be afraid to do whatever you got to do to secure the empire. 
 Whatever's necessary to bring back a victory. 
 Lucious, who's gonna handle Hakeem? 
 I'll take care of Fredo. 
 Okay, let's get to it. 
 Okay, here are the rest of the board members. 
 Just pass 'em down. 
 (knocking) 
 Come in. 
 Knock, knock. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How you doing? 
 Oh, great. 
 I, uh, brought you these. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 I'll just put 'em over here. 
 So... what happened? 
 I really don't know. I mean, I remember that that stupid alarm kept going off, and I... and I got up to try and turn it off, and then, I don't know. 
 The next thing I know, I'm at the bottom of the stairs. 
 (sighs) 
 Oh, honey. 
 When I heard the news, I just kept thinking, it's... so bizarre and extremely cliché, but... maybe everything happens for a reason. 
 I was so looking forward to meeting him. 
 Oh. 
 Here, honey. 
 (sobs softly) Thanks. 
 And I just feel so incredibly guilty. 
 (sniffles) Like I let Andre down. 
 You know, all that heir to the empire stuff. 
 Yeah. 
 And now there is none. 
 No, no, no, no. Honey, there'll be another heir. 
 You really think so? 
 I do. 
 I really do. 
 Jamal : Hakeem. 
 Come on, man. It's not even noon, you're already drinking? 
 Slow down on that. 
 You want one? 
 No. 
 What's wrong? 
 Would you be mad if I ran for CEO? 
 First you vote Dad out, now you want to take his job? 
 That's a little messy, don't you think? 
 After all the wrong he's done to me throughout my life, he deserves worse. 
 Truth be told... 
 I hated running Empire. 
 You know, it takes away from your music, it turned me into someone I ain't even know. 
 It's everything I want. 
 And Dad will kill your ass if you do it. 
 Man, I got bigger problems than Dad right now. 
 Camilla told me I got to ditch Laura. 
 Okay, all the girls you go through, why is that a problem? 
 I just never felt this way about a girl before. 
 She's special. 
 I hear you. 
 I guess we can't have it all, huh? 
 Guess not. 
 Then again, if you're willing to give up Empire for a girl, how much did you really want it to begin with? 
 Keem. 
 
 
 
 ♪ You can try and take away my crown ♪ 
♪ But I will never let my kingdom down ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ I know that they're comin' for my throne ♪ 
♪ But I'm the one who got here on my own ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh... ♪ 
 Cut! Cut the damn music right now! 
 (music stops) 
 Are you okay? 
 Why you being lazy? 
 There's millions of people who watch Tiny Desk, and you're a step behind the other girls, and you're supposed to be the lead. 
 You're holding 'em back, Laura. 
 No, I'm not. 
 You are a little bit. 
 Why are you acting like this? 
 'Cause you don't work hard enough. 
 I don't work hard? 
 I'm not the one barging in here, drunk, acting like an ass. 
 Who you calling an ass, bitch? 
 You, bitch! 
 Okay, you know what? 
 I can't take this second-rate telenovela anymore. 
 Honestly, I'm sick of this, too. 
 You both suck. 
 I need to get y'all some vocal coaches? 
 Screw you, Hakeem. 
 I don't know what your problem is, but I'm not gonna let you treat me like this. 
 Oh, so you gonna leave, too? 
 I knew your little virgin ass was gonna dip anyway. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I was so stupid. 
 Hey, hey. 
 So what's up? 
 I thought you were gonna push to help our cause. 
 Of course. However I can. 
 I'm not really sure if we want you to. 
 How's Skye? 
 Heard about that. 
 How? 
 Does it really matter? 
 If the press gets it, you're gonna give fuel to every politician that says being gay is a choice. 
 They're gonna look at Jamal Lyon and say, "Hey, the gay icon can choose to sleep with women whenever he wants." 
 Yeah, well, I'm still gay, so... 
 Yeah, well, then what are you screwing Skye for? 
 I'm not. I'm literally not. 
 But I-I'm sorry, I don't even know what we're talking about here. 
 Whose business is that? 
 There are ten countries in the world where being gay will get you executed. 
 Nigeria, Sudan, Mauritania, Somalia, Yemen, Pakistan, Iraq, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan. 
 But good luck with the music. 
 (haunting piano melody playing) 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 (piano playing stops) 
 All that I know is that I couldn't stand running Empire, but Hakeem and Camilla? 
 They gonna burn that place down to the ground. 
 That's the one I'm worried about. 
 Why? 
 Because music ain't in her soul. 
 And that's exactly why you can't lay up on these ASAs, Jamal. 
 Ma, don't nobody care about no award, come on. 
 Boy, we are Lyons. 
 Music first. 
 Do you realize if you win an ASA against your father in the same category, you're on your way to being legendary. 
 Don't you want that, stupid? 
 Yes. 
 But it's not happening right now. 
 Jamieson found out about Skye, and he's pulling back his support. 
 Yeah, see, that's another one I don't get, Jamal. 
 You messing around with girls? Pick a damn team. 
 I'm picking nothing. Do what I want to do, and ain't nobody's business who I get down with. 
 So what does this mean, huh? 
 You one of them wishy-washy, confused bisexuals now? 
 (laughs) Whatever. No. 
 Sexuality is fluid. Shut up. 
 Mom, it is, I'm sorry. 
 It is. You know what I'm saying? 
 You-you have straight and-and gay and bi and a lot a bit of everything. I don't know. Yeah, it sound like y'all just want to be freaky-deaky. A little freaky-deaky. 
 (laughs) You ain't never slept with no woman? 
 Boy, nobody having that conversation with you. 
 Oh, really? Look, all I'm saying is that sometimes things happen, you know? 
 You feel a certain way and you... you act on it or you don't. 
 Just because I have s*x with, uh, two women in my entire life doesn't mean, you know, I'm straight or bi or anything. 
 I'm still a gay brother looking for a man. 
 (laughs) 
 Yeah, me, too. All night long. 
 Okay, all right, see, you got to take it too far. I'm out. I like... 
 Shut up, boy. How you think your big-head ass got here? 
 Immaculate conception. 
 Look, Jamal, listen to me. 
 You cannot piss people like Jamieson off if you want to win an ASA award, okay? 
 Awards are like politics, baby. 
 Think of this like a campaign. 
 You're running for office, all right? 
 So I need you to get your head back in the game and get your gay back and get that ASA award! 
 You need to become legendary! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It has come to my attention that all of the CEO candidates have withdrawn their nominations due to personal reasons. 
 Jago : (chuckles) No, it's more than personal. 
 You know what, this sinking ship is going down with or without Lucious Lyon, But if any of you Lucious Lyon thugs are here, you tell him and his company... go to hell. 
 Very well, then. 
 Since all the candidates have withdrawn, we will now open up to any other board member for nominations. 
 So who would like to run for CEO of Empire? 
 Me. 
 I ain't scared of no bitch-ass Lucious Lyon. 
 You shouldn't either. 
 Empire... 
 That's my birthright. 
 I'm the youngest son. 
 I got the swag, the talent, the looks... you know it... to be the future head of this company. 
 But I'm-a take Empire to the future, unlike Lucious Lyon talking about his devil-ass past and snitch bitching. 
 From here on out, this is about to be the biggest and baddest company in hip-hop culture. 
 Ladies and gentleman, make some noise for the new era of Hakeem Lyon, y'all. 
 Jamal : Hey, everyone. 
 So, look, I know that this is an ASA event, so we're supposed to sing a song that, uh, is nominated. 
 But I'd to trump tradition for a moment and, um, sing a song that I just wrote. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ It's a new generation, welcome to modern love, yeah ♪ 
♪ It's a revolution, do what we want ♪ 
♪ 'Cause we must, yeah ♪ 
♪ I got a brand-new perspective ♪ 
♪ And I don't really give a damn who knows ♪ 
♪ So put your hands all in my pockets ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I wanna feel you up under my clothes ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I wanna love ♪ 
♪ Somebody, everybody ♪ 
♪ Can't nobody tell me how to love ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I wanna touch, ooh ♪ 
♪ Somebody, gimme body ♪ 
♪ Everybody calls it love or lust, I call it ♪ 
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪ 
♪ Grab someone you want ♪ 
♪ Singin' freedom, freedom ♪ 
♪ Dancin' in the dark ♪ 
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪ 
♪ Tell me can you feel the rush? ♪ 
♪ It's called freedom, freedom ♪ 
♪ Freedom, freedom ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Come and get you some ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ Pick it up, pick it up. ♪ 
 (crowd cheering) 
 Here you go, babe. 
 Thank you, Mom. 
 Thanks, Mom. 
 Mm. 
 So, um... is Rhonda happy to be going home today? 
 Yeah. But, um... she's, uh, she's scared we won't be able to have kids again. 
 Yeah, well... you tell Rhonda that, um... 
 I had a miscarriage, too. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Before the three of y'all. 
 You did? 
 Yeah. 
 Me and Lucious were devastated. 
 We pretended it didn't happen. 
 It was a little girl, too. 
 I thought it was the end of the world. 
 But then God blessed me with three of the most beautiful boys I ever seen in my life. 
 Even Hakeem? 
 Yeah, I still can't believe he pulled it off. 
 I hear you're trying to get Empire to buy Lyon Dynasty. 
 You really want to work under Camilla? 
 No, I want to take that bitch out, but I can't do it unless I'm on the inside. 
 Think I have a way to make that happen. 
 Make what happen? 
 Empire buying Lyon Dynasty. 
 You just got to promise me one thing. 
 What? 
 You gonna take down Camilla. 
 Hmm. 
 Don't you worry about that. 
 Home, sweet home. 
 I'm such an idiot. 
 No, you're not, baby. 
 You're just clumsy. 
 That's not funny. Really, really clumsy. 
 Well, you just dropped me on the couch. 
 I'm sorry. (laughs) 
 Want to put your feet up? 
 Uh... no, I'm okay. 
 Listen, don't beat yourself up, okay? 
 We are gonna get through this together. 
 I promise you that. 
 Okay. 
 I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 Want me to carry you upstairs? 
 (sighs) No. 
 I-I don't want to go up there. 
 I don't want to sleep up there tonight or tomorrow. 
 Or ever. 
 Okay, we'll sleep downstairs, then. 
 Okay. You want something to drink? 
 Vodka, please? 
 How about a water? 
 With vodka. 
 Uh, water it is. (chuckles) 
 Be right back. Okay. 
 (sniffles) 
 (groans) 
 Okay. 
 Okay, you can do this, Rhonda. 
 (groaning softly) 
 (grunts) 
 (panting) 
 (sighs) Oh, man. 
 (sighs) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It's not gonna kill you. 
 Worked real hard for it. 
 Would you look at this? 
 If this isn't the saddest sight I've ever seen. 
 Oh, and I'm not just talking about your face, Yoko. 
 Hello, Cookie. 
 It is never a pleasure to see you. 
 Congratulations, little brother. 
 Finally got your throne, huh? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Just be careful up there. 
 Brings out the darkness in you. 
 Like you? 
 Mm-hmm. I ain't scared. 
 But you should be. 
 Of what I'm-a do to your next album. 
 You do know I can release it whenever I want, right? 
 Cookie : And that's exactly what we came here to talk to you about, babe. 
 Yeah? Yeah. 
 Jamal : You see, my Black and White album was a joint venture between Empire and Lyon Dynasty, so I figure why not just let Dynasty release it? 
 You can't do that. We own that album. Right, babe? 
 Yeah. 
 Actually, they can, baby brother. 
 You see, there were never any stipulations as to which label would release it. 
 Try it and I'll have you tied up in court for years. 
 Try it and we'll leak it online. (chuckles) 
 See, I learned a few things from little King Hakeem, too. 
 Cookie : See, Hakeem, we know this puts you in a jam. 
 This could be terrible press for you. 
 Your first act as CEO, the first thing you do is lose your biggest artist? 
 Andre : Stock price will take a dive, but it should recover in a year or two. 
 Why are you doing this? 
 You bring Lyon Dynasty here, Ma. 
 That would be a disaster. 
 As much as I hate to agree with her, Yo-ho is right. 
 It would never work, us together in the same company. 
 Not unless I had full autonomy. 
 And that's ridiculous. 
 Andre : Actually, it's not. 
 Roc-A-Fella had the same deal with Def Jam. 
 Straight-up marketing and distribution with no interference. 
 Cookie has her own company under Empire with no questions asked. 
 Okay, I'm cool with that. 
 Cookie : Okay. 
 Well, then I want to be head of A&R for all of Empire. 
 Andre : What are you doing? 
 Cookie : I'm negotiating. I always wanted this. 
 And I'd be damn good at it, too. 
 I got the best ear in the business. 
 You all know it's true. 
 Hakeem, don't do this. Don't do it. 
 You're gonna lose the company. 
 They're gonna come in and they're gonna dethrone you on the very first day. 
 Everything you worked for is gonna be gone, just like that. 
 Biggest mistake you could make. 
 Maybe. 
 But I took my dad out because he lost his way. 
 But I did it for all of us. 
 So let's just come back to Empire and let's be a real family again, like we was before. 
 Ma, you got yourself a deal. 
 Well, you can use this place for as long as you like. 
 I know it's not Empire, but it's got soul. 
 Yeah, I kind of like this vibe. 
 Look, I need you to just focus on music right now. 
 Let me deal with Camilla. 
 No, I can help with her. No. 
 You sit your ass down somewhere and write a song, and you leave the dirty work to Cookie. 
 Yes, ma'am. You the boss. Yes. 
 Mm. And don't you ever forget that. 
 (chuckles) 
 You like it, don't you? (laughs) 
 (birds chirping) 
 (exhales) 
 (whispers): I'm sorry. 
 (whispers): I'm sorry. 
 (crying softly) 
 God, help me. 
 Please! (sobbing) 
 ♪ You can try and take away my crown ♪ 
♪ But I will never let my kingdom down ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ I know that they comin' for my throne ♪ 
♪ But I'm the one who got here on my own ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ I can still feel your eyes ♪ 
♪ On me like a spotlight ♪ 
♪ You held me up, up so high ♪ 
♪ So tell me, was it all lies? ♪ 
♪ Everything that I've done ♪ 
♪ Has got me where I want to be ♪ 
♪ So, baby, why'd you have to leave? ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh... ♪ 
♪ When you got the world in your hands ♪ 
♪ Seems like everyone wants you to fail ♪ 
♪ It's like I've got a target on my back ♪ 
♪ Take a shot at me, take a shot for me ♪ 
♪ You can try and take away my crown ♪ 
♪ But I will never let my kingdom down ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ I know that they comin' for my throne ♪ 
♪ But I'm the one who got here... ♪ 
 What are you doing here? 
 I knocked, and nobody was home. 
 Everyone's at my grandma's house. What do you want? 
 Babe, I'm really sorry on what I did. 
 I know I was being an ass. 
 I know. 
 But you got to understand, I broke up with you to get my empire back. 
 But now that I got what's mine, all I want is you. 
 I don't understand. 
 ♪ Everyone wants a piece ♪ 
♪ Just so they can judge me ♪ 
♪ I thought I had your heart, but you let me down ♪ 
♪ And left me standing all alone... ♪ 
 You sure you want to do this? 
 You promise me we'll really be together? 
 I promise. 
 ♪ When you got the world in your hands ♪ 
♪ Seems like everyone wants you to fail ♪ 
♪ It's like I've got a target on my back ♪ 
♪ Take a shot at me, take a shot for me ♪ 
♪ You can try and take away my crown ♪ 
♪ But I will never let my kingdom down ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ I know that they comin' for my throne... ♪ 
 I don't think we should do this. 
 Yes, Hakeem. Please. 
 ♪ On my own ♪ 
♪ When I put it on, it's on for real ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well ♪ 
♪ Oh, whoa... ♪ 
♪ Oh... ♪ 
 Don't stop. 
 ♪ Oh, whoa... ♪ 
 I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 ♪ Oh, whoa ♪ 
♪ Oh, whoa... ♪ 
♪ Damn, I wear it so well. ♪ 
 (whistling tune) 
 What's up? 
 Come on over here. 
 (train horn blowing in distance) 
 You have any idea where you're standing? 
 Where? 
 That's the spot where my very best friend lost his life. 
 He actually introduced me to your mama. 
 He damn near raised y'all when I was on the road. 
 He risked his life for me on more than one occasion, and I risked mine for him. 
 Except one night. 
 And I shot him in the face. 
 You know who I'm talking about. It was your Uncle Bunkie. 
 You see, that's how much the empire means to me. 
 And if you think you're gonna be the CEO of my company, I will stop at nothing to take it back. 
 Since you're my baby boy, I got something for you. 
 Take it. Don't be scared. 
 See, now's the time for you to decide how far you're willing to go to have the empire. 
 You want to be king... kill your father and sit on his throne. 
 It's life or death. 
 So if you don't shoot me right here, I promise you, the next time I see you, I will do my best to take your life. 
 So shoot me, so I don't have to do it to you. 
 There you go. 
 I know it's hard. 
 But do it. 
 It's okay. 
 I'll make it easy for you. 
 You like stabbing people in the back. 
 Shoot me in the back. 
 Oh, that's my boy. I knew you could do it. 
 Now pull the damn trigger. 
 This what you want? 
 Pull the damn trigger. 
 (train clacking) 
 I ain't got to do what you want. 
 (gun clatters on ground) 
 Watch your back, baby boy! 
 I keep my promises! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 