Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - The Outspoken King - Empire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - The Outspoken King https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=123&t=16058 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/15/15 02:19 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - The Outspoken King 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Empire"... 
 Lucious : Empire Entertainment has filed to become a publicly traded company. 
 Don't forget to thank your Cookie on this historic occasion. 
 You forgot about me the second you divorced me in there. 
 It was my $400,000 that started this bitch. 
 And I want half my company back. 
 I want to know everything she's doing. Everything. 
 Dr. Shahani : You got ALS. 
 How long I got? 
 Three years. 
 Part of us going public means I need one of my sons to man up and lead it. 
 We're all in competition to be the future head of the company? 
 Everything I did was for you and your brothers. 
 Do you want a medal, bitch? 
 What I want is some respect! 
 You got it, Mal. 
 Now we just got to show the world. 
 Lucious : Your sexuality... that's a choice, son. 
 Hey, mama. 
 You really made something of yourself. 
 She's trying to manage my career. 
 Hakeem : If you do end up working with her and pop's handling me, best believe they try to make us kill each other. 
 You can fool this country, but I know you ain't nothing but a punk-ass gangsta. 
 I never let anything come between friendship... 
 Except a bullet. 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Siren wailing) 
 All right, let 'em through. 
 ♪ That's what the DJ spins ♪ 
♪ All y'all might die tonight, this is your party right ♪ 
♪ Live it up, the drink is on me ♪ 
♪ That's what the DJ spins, all y'all not getting home ♪ 
♪ Live it up till the break of dawn ♪ 
♪ Live it up 'cause life is all free, that's what the DJ spins ♪ 
 That was Lucious Lyon's 2002 megahit, "What the DJ spins." 
 The multiplatinum recording artist... 
 Woman : R & B Hip-Hop's king is taking his Empire public. 
 Woman 2 : The IPO touts a streak of number one hits, a diversified lifestyle brand, apparel... 
 It appears he is attempting to make himself immortal. 
 You got ALS. 
 Would be the first time that a business has gone from the street to Wall Street, and, if successful, it would make history. 
 New York's Attorney General announced his... 
 (Doorbell rings) 
 What is she doing here? 
 (Doorbell ringing) 
 I told you not to be down here when I'm working. 
 ♪ That's what the DJ spins ♪ 
♪ That's what the DJ spins ♪ 
♪ All y'all might die tonight, this is your party right ♪ 
♪ Live it up, the drink is on me, that's what the DJ spins ♪ 
♪ All y'all not getting home ♪ 
♪ Live it up till the break of dawn ♪ 
♪ Live it up 'cause life is all free ♪ 
♪ That's what the DJ spins ♪ 
 Uh, where's my money, ma'am? 
 Pay that Pakistani. 
 ♪ That's what the DJ spins. ♪ 
 What are you doing here? 
 Checking out my house. 
 That's a Klimt. 
 Yeah, well, you can keep it. 
 It's ugly. 
 We've already settled our agreement, and my house was not part of the deal, Cookie. 
 I don't want no parts of this house or this tacky mess you got in it. 
 I'm just here to make sure you don't stab your son in the back. 
 And what are you talking about? 
 Lucious, baby, can you help... 
 Oh, I didn't realize we had company. 
 I'm hungry. 
 S01E02 
"The Outspoken King" 
Original air date: 14th January 2015 
 Y'all ain't got no bacon? 
 Oh, you don't talk. 
 I do talk. 
 Lucious : Thank you. That's enough. 
 I'm not backstabbing my son. 
 I know you have Hakeem performing at the opening of Laviticus. 
 Put Jamal up there, too. 
 No. It's only gonna be Hakeem. 
 Don't do this, Lucious. 
 Jamal doesn't belong on my stage. 
 It's not his audience. 
 His audience? 
 Jamal's music is universal, and you know it. 
 I've invested a whole lot of money into Laviticus. 
 I'm not gonna have it branded a homosexual club. 
 Anika : Cookie, you can talk as much mess as you want, but I have nine of Empire's top acts and none of them are gonna be there, so... 
 Tonight is not about Jamal. 
 Excuse me, sweetie, this is a family matter involving two of my sons and the family business that Lucious and I started with my $400,000. 
 Excuse me, baby. 
 Yeah. With my money. Cookie, let me talk to you for a second. 
 Get your hands off of me! I'm not that tired heifer. 
 You signed a nondisclosure agreement not to say anything about the $400,000, or have you forgotten already? 
 She don't know that it was my $400,000 in drug money that started this company, does she? 
 I went away for a long time for you to build all of this. 
 I missed my sons growing up. 
 I'm gonna make some things right. 
 You're not shutting Jamal out no more. 
 It's not gonna happen. 
 I'm here with Hakeem Lyon on the Eve of his debut performance at Laviticus. 
 Yo, Keem, you getting ready to be famous? 
 I mean, that's the plan, ain't it? 
 My pop's setting me up to be the prince of Empire, so... Hold on, hold up. 
 You ain't getting ready to be nothing unless you finish with that rehearsal first. 
 (Laughter) What... oh, my God! 
 Ooh. Look at that. 
 And who you? What's up? 
 Wrong room. 
 You ain't got the wrong... come here. 
 Hey, who that? 
 That's Tiana, man. 
 Your pop's girl just signed her. 
 She famous. 
 I need to be all up in that. 
 We going? 
 ♪ I can do what you want, boo ♪ 
 Come on, y'all, let's go. 
 ♪ Some call me a rolling stone ♪ 
♪ I don't want to stay too long ♪ 
♪ I'd rather be like a breeze ♪ 
♪ Come and going as I please ♪ 
♪ But you're the one that I want, baby ♪ 
♪ I need you, love you, drive me cray ♪ 
♪ No, I never want you to go ♪ 
♪ So stay right here till my body go ♪ 
♪ Don't you go ♪ 
♪ We got that chemistry ♪ 
♪ Don't you go ♪ 
♪ Knock it out like one, two, three ♪ 
♪ You're the one ♪ 
♪ Let's go, boy, I'm ready ♪ 
♪ Come here, kiss me ♪ 
♪ Set my heart free ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios, boy, adios, boy, don't say ♪ 
♪ Adios, adios, boy, don't say adios, boy ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios, boy ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios, boy ♪ 
♪ Adios, boy, don't say adios. ♪ 
 (Chatter, whooping) 
 Cut it. Man! 
 That's what I'm talking about. 
 Mmm. Now, that was bananas. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Yo, Keem, tell her you're the prince of Empire. 
 Tell her you about to be famous. 
 Hakeem : Pick one. Pick one you want. 
 You having fun? 
 No. 
 You ever handle a real firearm before? 
 Gives you a sense of power. 
 Um, you guys are ruining my rehearsal. 
 Come on, y'all. I got to get up out of here, man. 
 All right, we out. We didn't... we didn't mean to do that. 
 Come on, man. 
 I'm in there rehearsing, too. 
 I'm opening up at Laviticus this weekend. 
 That's nice. Where's Anika? 
 She was supposed to see this. 
 Anika? 
 (Sighs) Look, Tiana, right? 
 You're new here. You might be a little famous and everything, but... there's a lot of perks that come with being nice to me. 
 So how about this? I put you on VIP at Laviticus, and we turn up the right way. 
 How about this? Get your rich, phony ass out of here. 
 Phony? Come here. What you talking about, phony? 
 Don't waste my time. 
 For real? That's how it is? 
 Come here, girl. 
 ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ 
 Becky, have we heard anything back from any of the managers? 
 I need someone onstage backing him up. 
 Not yet, but I have word out to all five. 
 Still no word from Bunkie yet. 
 Well, send somebody up to Atlantic city. 
 Last time he disappeared, he was up there wasting my money. 
 Right, yeah, I know. So I did. 
 ALSo to Las Vegas and that casino outside of Palm Springs. 
 But, sir, there's a new problem that I really need your attention for. 
 Well, I've got one problem right now, and that's finding someone to back up my son. 
 Get Vernon on the line. I need him to get this done. 
 Right, I will, but you really need to... 
 Get Vernon, damn it. 
 Getting Vernon. 
 Vernon, you're on with Lucious. 
 Hey, baby, I need you to get me someone to back up Hakeem. 
 Somebody really big. 
 I got one shot to debut this boy, and it's got to be epic. 
 Yeah, well, how about Kidd Fo-Fo? 
 Photos alone are gonna go viral. 
 Nah, he would never do it. He's way too big. 
 Oh, yes, he will. He's about to owe us a huge favor. 
 What you talking 'bout, Willis? 
 There was a shooting at a mall in Elmhurst. 
 Two people are dead. 
 Becky, why didn't you tell me this? 
 You see, you never listen to me. I tried to tell you that before. 
 And the idiot goes and posts a video online and cites Fo-Fo as his biggest inspiration. 
 The media's been attacking us all morning. 
 (Reporters clamoring) 
 Mr. Lyon, do you have any comment about the shooting? 
 Mr. Lyon, do you have any comment about the shooting? 
 I have nothing. 
 Original share price set at $18. 
 Need to explain valuation model to dad. 
 Find streaming model to increase Empire's bottom line. 
 Figure out how to undermine Hakeem at Laviticus. 
 Did you see Dr. Obst yesterday? 
 Canceled my last two appointments. 
 With Laviticus opening and this IPO, dad freaks out every time I leave the office. 
 You need to go. 
 Today. 
 You were talking in your sleep about yourself in the third person. 
 You need to recalibrate your meds again. 
 Right after Laviticus, Rhonda. 
 Dad's using it to launch Hakeem. 
 He's completely crazy about it right now. 
 (Moans softly) 
 Listen to me. 
 For most people, canceling a doctor's appointment is just lazy. 
 But for someone who's bIPOlar, it's life-threatening. 
 And... your life... 
 Is mine. 
 (Zipper unzips) I'll go. 
 Oh. You should tell your mother that Hakeem is performing at Laviticus. 
 She'll try to sabotage it. 
 Already did. 
 (Chuckling) 
 (Kissing sounds) 
 Your mom's here. 
 Come on, boy, get up, we got work to do. 
 Ma, how'd you get in my house? 
 I got a key. 
 What is this song you wrote? 
 It ain't half bad. 
 Perform it at the club on Saturday. 
 You got a call from somebody named Carter. 
 Thought I told you to wait in the car. 
 Who's that? 
 Porsha. 
 My new assistant. Probationary. 
 You want to call her? She said it's urgent. 
 I said get out of here. 
 Hey. I got a plan. 
 Your daddy's got Hakeem performing at Laviticus on Saturday. 
 I'm gonna get you up on the stage, too. 
 He don't want me there. 
 I don't care what he wants. 
 Well, we do. 
 Shut up, Dora. 
 You gonna get up, and you gonna work on this song. 
 And come Saturday, you gonna show everybody that you are just as talented as your brother. 
 Let's hit it. 
 (Flushing) 
 (Water running) 
 (Door opens) 
 Becky, how... 
 Ow. many times do I have to tell you about Stop-stop it. using my bathroom? 
 Stop it. 
 I know you're sick. 
 Is that why you're doing this crazy IPO thing? 
 Is that why you're pitting your sons against one another for your company? 
 You went through my stuff? 
 Look, I wanted to tell you, but... nobody can know about this. 
 There's no cure, is there? 
 Lou Gehrig's disease. 
 Or ALS. 
 There's no cure. I'm dying. 
 What this man is doing is wrong. 
 (Clattering) 
 Get out of my way. Get out of our way. Move! 
 Get out of our way! Move! 
 Why should I apologize? 
 No, we don't... we don't want you to apologize, Fo-Fo. 
 We don't want you to say anything. 
 I mean, look, all the news say I inspired him, right? 
 I'm inspiring. I inspire people, like Gandhi. 
 Lucious : Yeah, yeah, like Gandhi. 
 Look, I'm getting a whole lot of pressure to drop you. 
 Now, I'm gonna take care of this thing for you, but I'm gonna need you to take care of something for me. 
 What? 
 Play with Hakeem at Laviticus's opening. 
 Play backup to your son? 
 No, no, no, no. 
 It's not you doing backup; You're-you're... 
 You're more like a mentor to him. 
 Like Diana Ross did for the Jackson 5. 
 Who's Diana Ross? 
 You don't need to drop him 'cause of the shooting. 
 Drop him because his music sucks. 
 Who is this stupid bitch? 
 Someone who would've never gave birth to your ugly ass. 
 Oh, hell no! 
 Yo, yo! Hey, hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey. 
 What, you gonna ray rice me? 
 Yeah. 
 No, let him go, Vernon. 
 I faced bigger in prison with more talent, bitch. 
 Yeah, a'ight, bitch. 
 Get your hands off of me. 
 He's a punk. Drop him. 
 I'm not dropping him. 
 He makes me a whole lot of money. 
 I'm not dropping him because of no damn controversy. 
 (Short laugh) 
 He must be on Anika's roster. 
 Yeah, I see you still letting that thing think for you. 
 No, I'm-I'm trying to think like a businessman. 
 You need to start acting like a professional instead of a hood rat. 
 Oh. Okay. 
 Well, my professional opinion is that you should launch 'em both at the same time at Laviticus. The press will eat it up. 
 The-the crowd would love to see two brothers onstage at the same time. 
 No. 
 And stop barging in my office. 
 You're not wanted here. 
 I'm-a call you back. 
 Porsha, get my damn shoe. 
 Porsha, get my shoe! 
 I'm coming. 
 (Phone ringing) 
 Hello? 
 Mr. Vernon Turner, Detective Walker, Manhattan north 28th precinct. 
 We need you to identify a body. 
 Walker : They found him floating in the Hudson at 96th street. 
 2:30 this morning. 
 They shot him in the face. 
 Lucious : It was Shyne, wasn't it, man? 
 Yeah, but why would anybody shoot him for $25,000? 
 I never let anything come between friendship. 
 We got to let his family know. 
 Got to tell Cookie. 
 Nah, that was her closest cousin, man. 
 You want me to tell her? 
 No, no, no, I-I got to do it. 
 Look, call everybody and have them meet me at my house tonight. 
 I'm-a see you there, dude. 
 Jamal : ♪ Tell the truth ♪ 
♪ Tell the truth. ♪ 
 It needs work, but it's something like that. 
 I love it, honey. 
 Dad won't even listen to it. 
 That's why we got to figure out a way to steal focus from Hakeem. 
 That's cold-blooded. Hakeem's your own son. 
 Jamal should come out as a big queen the same day Hakeem playing, and that'd steal his whole thunder, for sure. (Giggles) 
 That's exactly what we'll do. 
 You gonna listen to this imbecile? 
 Yes. 
 And you're gonna sing your little ass off and you're gonna steal that show from Hakeem. 
 I don't care to steal the show from Hakeem. And dad ain't gonna let me on that stage. 
 Fo-Fo is backing Hakeem. 
 Okay. 
 We'll stage our own show. (Short chuckle) 
 Right on the steps where they're doing that protest. 
 They can get all those reporters to show up because some moms are mad at kidd Fo-Fo, they will certainly show up for your little coming-out party. 
 And you'll sing that song, and it'll be all over the news, and you'll be a star. 
 Can you stop with the publicity stunts, Mama Rose? 
 I'm-a come out the way I want to. 
 It's gonna be bomb, Jamal. 
 Who's Mama Rose? 
 Oh, I know who she is. That's that lady... 
 Hey, can you shut up and get out of here? Give us a minute. Go. 
 (Under her breath): Drug dealing... 
 (Mumbles) Uh, what'd you say? 
 I didn't say nothing. 
 (Door opens, closes) 
 Trust me, Jamal, I know what I'm doing. 
 I need to write songs. I need to be creative. 
 I don't want to get in the middle of you and him. (Phone rings) 
 Speaking of the devil. 
 Lucious, why? You got kidd Fo-Fo playing with Hakeem after you told me no to Jamal. 
 Bunkie's dead. 
 (Quietly crying) 
 They don't have any leads. 
 But I'm gonna find the person that did this to my friend. 
 And when I do, I'm gonna tear... 
 Don't do anything silly, dad. 
 They gonna be found. 
 Bunkie wouldn't hurt nobody. 
 I understand, baby. 
 He was like a father to you. 
 Come here. Come here. 
 Don't touch me. 
 Don't you ever touch me again. 
 Hakeem. 
 Don't disrespect your mother like that. 
 Hakeem. Make sure he's all right. 
 Vernon : Don't you worry, Andre. We're gonna find him. 
 How does she know he was like a father to us? 
 They're cousins, stupid. 
 And? 
 And Cookie knows everything. 
 No, she don't. 
 Yes, she do. 
 No, she don't. 
 Yes, she do. 
 Yo, she wants me to come out the same day that you perform at Laviticus and get your press. 
 She's Satan's daughter. Why's she even here? 
 Ain't she supposed to be locked up for like ten more years? 
 Hakeem, she ain't that bad. 
 Man, I don't even feel like performing at this show. 
 You know Tiana? 
 What'd you do, fool? (Burbling) 
 Come on, what'd I tell you about this damn reefer? 
 (Coughs) 
 Police gave me Bunkie's personal effects. 
 There wasn't much left, but... think he'd want you to have this. 
 The last time I'm gonna tell you about this. 
 Why does Lil Wayne look like the devil? 
 
 
 
 Hello, Becky. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Hey, Andre, how you holding up? 
 Not great, dad. Got a new problem. 
 What is it now? 
 Underwriting bank for the IPO launch pulled out. 
 I think the kidd Fo-Fo controversy spooked them. 
 I don't get it. I mean, controversy is Hip-Hop. 
 That's how we get rich. 
 Corporate America may not be ready for Hip-Hop, dad. 
 With Bunkie getting killed and this kidd Fo-Fo mess, well, maybe it's not the right time to go public. 
 No. We do it now. Look, call the banks and get them back to the table. 
 I'll do my best. 
 Look... you get this done, and Empire is yours. 
 Okay. 
 I didn't want to bring this up, but I don't think Jamal's press conference is gonna help the situation. 
 What press conference? 
 That looks good. That looks good. 
 Can you come... Can you come over here? 
 Behind there. And you, too. 
 His hair looks good. 
 Uh... yeah. Mmm. 
 Rhonda. I want your job. 
 (Laughs) Hi, fellas. 
 Some white girls actually are brilliant. 
 Oh, there's Dominique. I want you to meet her real quick. 
 She's a fabulous publicist. 
 I got two minutes, so make it fast. 
 Where's the capers? I asked for capers on the damn bagel. 
 Um, Dominique, this is Cookie Lyon. 
 She's my mother-in-law. 
 Lucious Lyon's ex-wife. 
 (Laughing): Oh, Cookie. 
 It's amazing to meet you. 
 I've read all about you. 
 I love your pumps. 
 (Gasps) They're fabulous. 
 Oh, thank you, sister girl. 
 Sister girl. 
 (Laughing) 
 I love you. I absolutely love you. 
 So, what can I do for you? 
 Well, I have a son who's a musical genius like his father. 
 And he's also a homo. He wants to come out. 
 So, what do you want from me? 
 I want you to organize a press conference. 
 He could sing a song that he wrote about coming out to announce to the world that he's a gay. 
 It could be huge. 
 This is good. This is good. 
 And she's the best publicist in the city, so everyone will show. 
 (Laughs) 
 But I'm not cheap. $8,000 a month. 
 Ah. And make sure the kid shows. 
 If you're just using me for my contact, to stage some kind of performance, I'll kill Rhonda. 
 I'm not joking, Rhonda! I'll kill ya! 
 I know you will. 
 Hey, y'all, let's get another round in for Bunkie. 
 Now, I'm just getting this on film so that, like, it's documented, but you only put one lime in this, and I asked for two. 
 Give him a lime, man. 
 Hakeem, tell Tiana what you think of her. 
 Right there, man. Oh. 
 Tell Tiana what you think of her. 
 Yes. 
 Forget about Tiana. She just jealous. 
 Hey, baby. (Laughter) 
 This is your boy Hakeem Lyon, the original rap gangsta. 
 (Laughter) 
 I got something for you. 
 What you got for her? A ring? 
 Aah! Hey! 
 Oh! Oh, my God! Stop! Stop! 
 (Urinating) (Laughter) 
 Oh! 
 Really? Oh, no. 
 What? Yo, you're gonna embarrass your pops like that, man. 
 You know. Obama. 
 You're daddy's gonna kill you. 
 Man, so what? Barack Obama's a sellout. 
 That brother's not even half of a brother anyway. 
 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Somebody knows. 
 For real. (Laughing) 
 (People whispering) What?! 
 Y'all got a problem with some black boys in your fine establishment? 
 (Laughter) 
 I got enough money to buy this bitch and everybody in it. 
 Talk to the camera, KK. 
 Check this out. 
 All you white people that voted for the first black president to make you feel good about not being racist, the joke's on y'all, 'cause Barack Obama ain't nothing but a sellout. 
 Ooh! 
 Man : Oh, come on. Really? 
 (Laughter) 
 (Siren blaring) 
 Oh, so the po po comin' to shoot me now? 
 (Laughter) 
 Oh, no, man. 
 (Indistinct chatter, laughter) 
 No, man. They gonna be up here in like ten seconds. 
 All you white folk who voted for the first black president to make you feel good about not being racist... 
 He's doing all the work for us. 
 The joke's on y'all 'cause Barack Obama ain't nothing but a sellout. 
 It's gone viral. 
 What's viral? 
 I don't know. That's what they said on the news. 
 Oh, so the po po comin' to shoot me now? 
 (Laughter) 
 (Laughter and shouting in video) 
 There ain't nothing funny about that. 
 (Laughing): It is funny. 
 Mr. President, I am so, so sorry. 
 You know how he feels about you. 
 He loves you. 
 I love you. We all love you. 
 He's just young and stupid and had a little too much to drink. 
 Come on, Barack. 
 You know you don't have to use that kind of language with... 
 (Click, dial tone) 
 Hello? 
 Do you know the world that we live in today? 
 Do you have any idea what those cops could have done to your entitled ass? 
 Anika : Lucious! 
 Stop this! Stop this. 
 Dad, let me explain. 
 Get out of here! 
 Look at me. 
 (Whispers): Chill out. 
 (Laughs) 
 You're not gonna believe this, but press RSVPS for the Laviticus opening have quadrupled. 
 Everyone wants to see Hakeem perform since that video went up. 
 This bad boy thing has launched him. 
 (Sighs, laughs) 
 I don't like it. 
 Yeah. I know. 
 You're really not going to like this, but the kidd Fo-Fo story was picked up nationally. 
 Megan McGann has been ranting about it all day, saying that it's irresponsible to grant Empire a seat on the NYSE. 
 Enough, enough, enough, enough. 
 (Sighs) Okay. 
 We're gonna put out another statement. 
 No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, we're gonna put out another statement, and this time... oh. All we're gonna say is just that... 
 No more statements. It's not working. 
 I'll go on her show, I'll defend my own company. 
 CNN, own and bet said they're all coming to Jamal's press conference. 
 What are they doing in there? 
 Look like they having a meeting to me. 
 Anika : "Will you drop Kidd Fo-Fo from the label, "and do you feel rap lyrics are a dangerous influence on America's youth?" 
 I stand by Kidd Fo-Fo 1,000%. 
 I think that rap is an expression of somebody's life experience. It's not... 
 That's good, but try not to sound defensive. 
 The goal of the talking points is to make you sound non-emotional. 
 I wasn't being defensive. 
 Andre : He's right, dad. You don't want to come across as confrontational. 
 Or like a man. 
 And what's that supposed to mean? 
 Oh, just sounds like you grew a v*g1n*, that's all. 
 Rude. 
 No more rude than that anchorwoman haircut you slop on your head. 
 Lucious? 
 Cookie, I got to go on white TV and try and talk in a way that don't frighten these folks to death. 
 The Lucious Lyon I knew would tell those idiots the streets ain't made for everybody. 
 That's why they made sidewalks. 
 The Lucious Lyon you knew isn't going on that show. 
 Yeah, I guess you're right, kitty. 
 I liked you better when you was a thug. 
 (Phone ringing) 
 Thank you. 
 (Sighs) 
 I don't know how many times I can keep having the same conversation with you. 
 Out of respect for Bunkie, I'm asking you, please... 
 Are you serious? 
 Don't do that. 
 Bunkie had no problem with me, and you know it. 
 Yeah, well, other people do, and you know it. 
 Look, if you make that announcement, I'm going to lose artists, which will hurt Empire. 
 I'm sorry, dad. 
 The world does not revolve around you. 
 Your world does. 
 I pay for everything. 
 Your clothes, that $12,000-a-month loft you live in, the credit card bills, your brand-new piano you just bought. 
 Come out, and you're on your own. 
 I'm done. 
 Who's here? CNN? BET? 
 Is own here? If she cancels, I'll kill her. 
 Did he answer? 
 He not answering. 
 Keep calling. 
 (Playing gentle melody) 
 (Phone buzzing, ringing) 
 Hey. So where's that gay genius I've been hearing so much about? 
 He's coming. 
 I expect him here. 
 Okay. 
 What the hell are you doing? 
 Where is he? 
 He's not here yet? 
 No! Call him. 
 Today, we are here with Hip-Hop mogul and superstar Lucious Lyon whose artist, Kidd Fo-Fo, was accused of inciting a shooting with his violent lyrics. 
 Thank you for being here, Mr. Lyon. 
 You can call me Lucious. 
 First off, um, I have to commend your son, Hakeem Lyon, who recently accused President Obama of being a sellout. 
 Those were not his true feelings, and he has personally apologized to the president. 
 I found his comments bold and refreshing. 
 I'm not so sure about the, um, exhibition, though. 
 He was just being a kid. 
 Yeah, well, he's actually an adult. 
 Empire Enterprises has been accused of perpetuating violence. 
 Do you think that the misogyny and celebration of gang warfare that's so prevalent in Hip-Hop music is healthy for our nation's youth? 
 Well, anything that expresses the first amendment is healthy for our country. 
 ♪ Tell the truth... ♪ 
 If artists are supposed to thrive, they need to have the freedom of speech. Uh... 
 Right. Yeah, you had mentioned that many times before. 
 Let's go. Let's get out of here. He ain't coming. 
 Ms. Lyon, do you have any comment on the Kidd Fo-Fo controversy? 
 I got plenty of comments. 
 Apparently, one of your associates would like to make a comment on that issue. 
 Kidd Fo-Fo's tired rhymes ain't nothing compared to what Lucious Lyon used to spit back in the day. 
 The same man who used to sing, "The cops deny our freedom for life. 
 I ain't afraid to kill one to defend my wife." 
 Your own lyrics are even more inciting than the ones that you're defending. 
 Do you disagree? 
 ♪ Everyone has a closet ♪ 
 My music expresses my world. 
 ♪ In the night they wear disguises... ♪ 
 That's how I grew up. 
 Where you either sold drugs, or you watched your children go hungry. 
 ♪ In the dark they hide... ♪ 
 Where half of your family is locked off in prison. 
 Our music is more of a narration of an oppressed people. 
 You see, the Empire artists are telling the next generation that even though they live in a world where Trayvon Martin can get shot down like a dog without... 
 ♪ The closest people to you, you can't trust... ♪ 
 How does it give them hope if all the songs do is promote more violence? 
 Well, there's hope in the fact that these kids are expressing their anger with music and poetry and not with a 12-gauge shotgun. 
 ♪ Tell the truth... ♪ 
 Do you feel that you can still speak to these kids, even though you're now living in penthouses and yachts? 
 I try to talk to my sons. 
 ♪ Tell the truth ♪ 
 I don't think they're listening to me. 
 ♪ Tell the truth. ♪ 
 Maybe it's me that's not listening to them. 
 Did I look nervous in there? 
 No, are you kidding me? You handled it beautifully. 
 Oh, it was so good. 
 Thank you, love. 
 Hey, did we get any traction yet? 
 Oh, immediately, like, right away. 
 The bank wants to reschedule now. 
 Yes. 
 We got various others, several, wanting to opt in, and they all work perfectly. Absolutely perfect. 
 What's wrong with you? 
 Oh, nothing. I'm good, pop. Great, just great. 
 Excuse you, man. 
 My fault, my fault. 
 You got my back, dawg. I owe you. 
 Yeah, now, you make sure you look after my son. 
 Hold on. 
 I see you still trash-talking me, bitch. 
 Watch your mouth. 
 You better be careful. 
 So you just gonna let him talk to me like that? 
 If he says something I disagree with, I'll let you know. 
 (Laughs) 
 Oh, you... 
 Got your class. Get off of me, Vernon! 
 Get off of me! 
 What have I ever done to you for you to treat me like this? 
 (Bell dings) 
 I see why you got rid of her ass. 
 She crazy. 
 Effective immediately, your contract with Empire is terminated. 
 'Cause of her? 
 'Cause she's right. Your lyrics suck. 
 I didn't mean to piss you off, dad. 
 I need you to bring that beast out tonight. 
 Hear me? 
 You're a star. 
 And one day, Empire is gonna be all yours. 
 Just don't let me down out there. 
 Kidd Fo-Fo's not going onstage with you. 
 So who's playing with me? 
 You don't need nobody. 
 Look, ma, I... I know, and... 
 No, but I-I thought about it, and it didn't feel right. 
 In this business, son... you gonna have to do all sorts of things you don't want to do. 
 There's a price you got to pay to hit big, and soon that bill is gonna come. 
 Well, um... 
 I should go check on Hakeem. 
 Get me a whole bottle. 
 I do believe it is called bottle service for a reason. 
 Thank you. 
 Think you better slow down, mister. 
 Andre doesn't need to slow down. Andre feels great. 
 I got Jamal and Cookie fighting, I got Lucious mad at Jamal, I got the money back in the game. 
 Andre got it going on, ba... 
 (Grunts) I swear to God I will have you committed if you do not take those damn pills. 
 (Gasps) 
 Man, I wonder where they going. 
 You know where they going... to the bathroom. 
 Those two are like rabbits. 
 (Laughter) 
 I'm gonna keep this seat warm. 
 Oh, God, just be quiet. 
 What's wrong with you? 
 Porsha, please. 
 Man... 
 Man, Fo-Fo was supposed to play with me. 
 Now he out. 
 Well, whatever. You don't need that fool. 
 You're ten times more talented than him. 
 But I rehearsed this to play with somebody. 
 I don't want to play alone. 
 Hakeem, this is your night. 
 You know what? 
 No, I don't know nothing. 
 You know what... 
 Leave me alone. 
 I'll play better if you was up there with me. 
 For real. 
 You're killing me, son. 
 Hakeem : This is for my cousin Bunkie. 
 Let's go. 
 ♪ My mouth is a weapon ♪ 
♪ I ain't scared of nethin' ♪ 
♪ They say he so wreckless ♪ 
♪ Bunkie in da casket ♪ 
♪ Ah, better hit the exit ♪ 
♪ I eat you for breakfast, diamonds on my necklace ♪ 
♪ Guess that's what I'm blessed wit ♪ 
♪ I'm a revolutionary, pardon my vocabulary ♪ 
♪ I don't even 'member ever carin' ♪ 
♪ Sue me when I'm in the cemetery ♪ 
♪ I'm legendary, ow! ♪ 
♪ I do what I want and say ♪ 
♪ What I want ♪ 
 Jamal! 
 ♪ With no apologies ♪ 
♪ not-uh, not-uh, not-uh ♪ 
♪ Excuse me if I'm blunt, I say what I want ♪ 
♪ With no apologies ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ And they won't shut me up ♪ 
♪ hell naw, hell naw, hell naw ♪ 
♪ No, they won't shut me up ♪ 
♪ hell naw, hell naw, hell naw ♪ 
♪ I do what I want and say what I want with no apologies ♪ 
♪ yeah, uh-huh ♪ 
♪ They can't be mad at me, look at my family ♪ 
♪ I guess it's all in my bloodline ♪ 
♪ If you keep ridin' me for my apology ♪ 
♪ You'll be waitin' for a long time ♪ 
♪ Not sympathetic, I said it, I meant it ♪ 
♪ You don't like it, then I could care less ♪ 
♪ Not sympathetic, I said it, I meant it ♪ 
♪ You don't like it, then I could care less ♪ 
 Jamal : ♪ I ain't sorry, I ain't sorry for nothin' ♪ 
♪ I say ♪ 
♪ one hand on the Bible ♪ 
♪ I ain't in denial ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry for nothin' I say ♪ 
♪ Your honor, you can blame it on Tiana ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry for nothin' I say ♪ 
♪ One hand on the Bible, I ain't in denial ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry ♪ 
♪ I ain't sorry for nothin' I say ♪ 
♪ Your honor, you can blame it on Tiana. 
♪ 
♪ sorry for nothing. ♪ 
 (Chuckles) 
 (Whooping, cheering) 
 Can I come in? 
 No, stay out. 
 (Chuckling): Come on. 
 You look nice. 
 Thank you. 
 That was dope. 
 I'm glad you dug it. 
 You want to go to jet? 
 Jet? 
 Yes, jet. 
 You just want to have s*x with me now 'cause I'm a celebrity and all, huh? 
 I want to have s*x with you right on this floor. 
 Come here. 
 Why should I? 
 Just come. 
 Well, well, well. 
 So Jamal finally got up on that stage with Hakeem. 
 They looked good together. They did. 
 Yeah, don't get used to it, 'cause... next time, Jamal's gonna be out front. 
 Oh, that's what you think, huh? (Chuckles) 
 You were right. 
 Hakeem got it. 
 He got all of it. 
 But you don't. 
 You're a horrible parent. 
 How do you let that boy talk all that trash about Barack Obama and still let him perform? 
 He's ungrateful and entitled, and you made him that way. 
 Yeah, you'll make him a celebrity. 
 But you'll make him a fool first. 
 Lucious : Oh, God, Cookie, I ain't trying to fight with you. I just want to say I'm sorry for letting Kidd Fo-Fo talk to you the way he did. 
 And I dropped him because of it. 
 (Footsteps approaching) 
 What you need to do is drop this yella bitch. 
 Yeah, he probably will. 
 When I'm your age. 
 Except, by then, he'll probably be 110. 
 Where the hell is my damn car? 
 I'm fittin' to fire Porsha's dumb ass. She's slow. 
 Woman : Hey, Cookie. 
 Get in the car. 
 Aw, hell no. 
 Get in the car. Now. 
 Let's go. In the car. 
 Get off of me. 
 (Sighs) 
 Nice to see you again, Cookie. 
 Nice to see you again, Agent Carter. 
 So you've been avoiding my calls, right? 
 I ain't got nothing else to say to you. 
 We had a deal. I did my part. 
 Yeah, I know we had a deal. 
 But you know what, Cookie, we're gonna have to change that deal. 
 "Send." 
 Okay. 
 We need you to testify in front of a grand jury. 
 No. I cannot testify. 
 If I testify, I'm dead. 
 (Sighs) 
 You gonna get me killed. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 