Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - The Tunnel 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=617&t=26420 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/07/13 02:55 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Disguised voice :  There is no equality before the law. That is my first truth. 
 I can't go home. 
 Stay here if you want. 
 You said that your second truth has begun. 
 Jean-Claude Delplanque. Retired soldier. 
 Disguised voice :  What good are old people? 
 Get out of there. 
 Disguised voice :  They consume nothing, except our taxes. 
 What happens to old people in winter? 
 Disguised voice :  Soon we will see how much old heroes are cared for in France. 
 (Door opens) We think he's in some kind of industrial cold store and we know he has to be within two hours of central Calais. So, ring round all the companies that supply these cold stores. Get the average life span of them and then get the details of all units installed within this time frame and within this radius. Yeah? We know he was about to be evicted... so was it about that, or was it something more personal, something in his past...? We have a contact to talk to now at his old regiment. We are waiting to hear back from a Major. And how is he connected to our 14 dead pensioners? How to the four businesspeople? We find the answers, we find TT. We must remember, he murdered a prostitute to highlight the inequality of the law. Well, he said he did. But he's the Truth Terrorist. Funny. So it depends. On? Age, body type, s*x. My girlfriend still has the heating on in July. Actually, women bear extreme cold better than men. It's the fat. They have more of it. So we re-wound, he started shivering 20 minutes ago. Which would mean his core temperature has dropped between one and two degrees. He's old, so let's say two. Between two and four he'll start shivering more violently, then the shivering stops. It's wasted energy... and the hypothermia sets in. Below 25.5 he dies. So if we mark when the violent shivering starts, we can get a rough idea of the rate the temperature is decreasing. And figure out how long we have. ♪ Venez dans mes bras ♪ 
♪ Closer to me, dear ♪ 
♪ Donnez-vous à moi ♪ 
♪ Set aside all fear ♪ 
♪ Restons enlaces pour l'éternité ♪ 
♪ Yes, you shall be mine ♪ 
♪ Till the end of time ♪ Is that really what we want to be saying? What's wrong with it? Well, don't you think it's a little more complicated than that? Er...no. And here... You should see the competition. Mine is positively Matthew Parris in comparison. I guess I'm just beginning to find it all a little bit dull, always implying that we hate anyone who's earned a bit. That might be because you've earned a bit? It's always worth remembering, boss, that our readers subsist almost entirely on a diet of saturated fat and envy. And the occasional Wagon Wheel. Fine... So let's challenge them, make 'em think a little bit... If they wanted to be challenged they really wouldn't be reading us now, would they? What they want is to read their opinions, but typed, not just in crayon. Fine. But don't get boring, Danny, you can be as gratuitously offensive as you like, but I really don't pay you to be a dullard. That's worse than before, isn't it? Two hours, 20 minutes since he started shivering to go down two degrees. Gives us...eight, maybe nine hours? Yeah...Jesus. What? Capitaine Wassermann. Bonjour. (Speaks french) DCI Karl Roebuck from the UK. How do you do? Can I get you some coffee? Delplanque joined the Paras in 1956 aged 18 and stayed with the regiment all of his military career. As? A Soldat de Deuxieme Class. Rose steadily through the ranks, retiring as Adjutant Chef...in 1997 with an exemplary service record. Mentioned in dispatches three times, did tours in Chad, Suez, Algeria, Iraq and was awarded several medals over the years, including the Medaille Militaire and the Croix du Combattant. When were the medals awarded? He got the Croix for action in Chad. The other in Algeria. Does it say what for, specifically? Well, we only keep very basic files here, the rest would all be in storage. Could you find out? Why are you here? What? What are you doing here? You said I could sleep over. Don't you remember? It was raining. You offered me a cup of tea. I'll make some breakfast. Girl : What are you doing? Girl : I want your teddy! And I want your sword, so give it to me. Give me your teddy! Just leave me alone! Adam! Give me your teddy. No! Fine! Ha-ha, I've got mine! What? Can you just watch them for 20 minutes please, I'm not feeling too good. You need an au pair. No. I just need half an hour to put my head down. I'd appreciate it. (Kids scream and argue) Right, fucktards... Right, who wants hot chocolate? Both : Me! Shall I open the...? Leave them. We don't know who's watching. Have some breakfast. Do you have anything to eat? Any cereal or toast or something? A samurai always fasts the day before he goes into battle. And finally the CEO of Schuster Ritter. They all made billion dollar profits last year despite various accusations of malpractice. Yeah... So they all have some connection, or had, in Joubert's case... some connection with care for the elderly. Some sort of negative connection. They've started to arrive. Right. Anything on the kids? We're talking to their friends, their schools, anyone who knew them, so far no-one even knew they were planning to run away... We know what he's asked them to do, but the question is... what does he want them to do? When we work that out, we get ahead of him. Traditionally, as you know in this situation, we'd be asking you, you know... does anyone have a grudge against you? But as that might include half of the western world, we'll cut to the chase. What we want you to do is exactly as the Truth Terrorist has requested. A police officer is suggesting we effectively pay a ransom? Your surprise is exactly why we're suggesting it. It's the last thing he will expect you to do, the last thing he would expect us to advise. It will force him to adapt... He will have to return to Monsieur Delplanque. Or maybe he'd still let him die. This is a game, there are rules, he has to obey them too. He will have to return to Monsieur Delplanque to turn off the refrigeration system. And if we know where that is by then...we'll have him. Where's Joubert's widow, doesn't she need to be involved in this... as the beneficiary of his interests? It said on TT's website any decision had to come from us all. We're trying to contact Madame Joubert. Well, then, I think maybe we need to talk. On our own. Do you think they'll go for it? I wouldn't, if I were them. What's going on? Who are they? What does that say? "Save Jean-Claude, kill the fat cats." How did they know they're here? f*ck. Of course we shouldn't pay. Not a f*cking cent, the man's obviously a lunatic, he murdered 14 innocent pensioners, we pay him, we'd have every nutcase in Europe kidnapping our business colleagues, our families, us. The idea's absurd. Except we could actually help catch a brutal serial killer. Exactly. How do you think it'll play with the public if we say no? Did you miss the six months of tabloid headlines on your care homes, Michael? If you shat in the Dalai Llama's mouth, your public image couldn't be any worse. Do you know what a Glasgow kiss is, Gruber? The public are always going to hate us, we are successful, we have nicer lives than them, nothing we ever do will change that. (Phone rings) (Static buzz) (Tv is on in background) Laura? It's gone 11. Oh, God. Sorry, Adam. Yeah, just...give me two minutes. Oh, sh1t. (She gags) I still pick them up so the doctors don't get cross. But I don't need them any more. He said. The doctor? No-one. The doctors don't come any more. No-one said I'm better. That's his name. Right. So what were they for? I just used to get a bit confused... a bit distracted. But not any more. Not any more. In fact, things feel better than they have in a long time. Well... Do you mind if I went to the shops, got something proper to eat? Why would I mind? Here. I'll let you out. Crowd chants :  Delplanque liberer! (Train rumbles on recording) That's a train. Yes, it's the only thing that makes sense. So, we know he's next to a train line. If we go back to the beginning of the feed, mark all his movements, we can start compiling some kind of... Timetable? And there'll be someone who can identify the exact sort of train, just from that sound... And if we identify the type of train and frequency, compare it to the cold store locations and timetables, we may have something. Delplanque was awarded the medal in 1959, for saving the life of a fellow soldier who was being attacked by a prisoner, an Algerian. The prisoner's son tried to bring a case against us after the war. Ahmed Abbas. Is that the prisoner or the son? The boy, he's in his early 60s now. And what was the case? Look, none of this was ever proved. The case was thrown out in 1967. What was the case? Abbas claimed that Delplanque murdered his father and tried to murder him. Then, in February 1958, he and his father were abducted by members of the Parachute Regiment, put into a helicopter and flown five miles out to sea. Where Delplanque and his commanding officer threatened to throw the boy out. As they held him over the edge, his father managed to break free and attack the soldier holding him and Delplanque pulled the father away before throwing him out of the helicopter. He was then himself thrown out, also by Delplanque. How much is enough anyway, to show we care? I gave a beggar a euro for a coffee this morning. Was that enough? You gave a beggar a euro? Not literally. I'm making a point. Or is it 100 euros? Or a million? Look, at end of the day, there is a man dying, and we could save his life. Beautiful cliches, McBono. All right, children. 
 
 (Knock on door) (Chanting outside) I thought you weren't coming back. I did some shopping, got you some more green tea. Have you had a visitor? No-one. So does he sort of... come in to help you, then? Oh, yes. He helps me see things more clearly. And he bought you that? Yes. A present? I guess so. Well, aren't you going to open it? I'm not allowed to. Not yet. Right. Special day coming up? Very. I told him all about you. He was very interested. Abbas still lives in Algeria, and his family are about to go on the news to say Delplanque should be allowed to die. Not the smartest idea, if they had anything to do with his abduction. It seems pretty unlikely. So this is obviously intended to f*ck with everyone's head, some kind of exquisite moral conundrum he's set us. Any news from the conference room? No. Let's give them ten minutes, then put a rocket up their arse. Hey, don't worry, we've got him on the run, trust me. Why did you hit me? If  he plays by the rules,  If  the police can find out where this man is being held,  If  the Truth Terrorist deems any donation enough. Too many fundamentals missing. Sorry, but I'm out. Well, in the end, and very reluctantly, I actually think it would be irresponsible for us to do anything else. So purely for the sake of my family, I say no too. I think I want to speak to DCI Roebuck. So, a report came through. A woman found a distressed mother and child, probably illegals, in a cottage about ten miles from here. No sign of them anywhere, of course. And guess who the owner is? Karl :  Or you tell me who the owner is. It's our old friend Mr. Stephen Beaumont. Turns out he's caked and it's one of a few places he inherited when his mum died a few years back. There's also a place on the Scilly Isles and Normandy, which geographically is... I know where Normandy is. Near Calais, I was going to say. Not that near. Near enough. Depends which part of Normandy. Back-tracking. Anyway, I took it upon myself to get forensics in, considering the possible mispers including a kid. So blood traces, hair fibres and spunk Ring me if we get anything. Most of Normandy is further away from Calais than it is from London, by the way. I'm so sorry you had to be here today. (Chanting continues) (Phone rings) Yeah. Distorted voice :  UK pensioners comprise over ten million people. 20% of those live in poverty. In France, pensioners make up a third of all suicides. One quarter experience regular abuse. Yeah, I should be so lucky. Surely these very wealthy individuals could do something to help them. And, Jean-Claude, with all that money they make off the back of their misery. Delplanque tried to kill a kid, so they can ship him off to sea on an iceberg, as far as my readers are concerned. Well, maybe we should ask why he might have done such a terrible thing. What pain he must have suffered himself to become so unfeeling. Sorry, I'm confused. We are still talking about Delplanque, right? That we're talking at all is really what's important. That we provoke a debate, that ideas are exchanged. Yeah, definitely. Help me out here, right? Help me understand your position a bit better so I can explain it to the ignorant masses. How exactly does killing 14 innocent pensioners help their cause? We're all in this together, Danny. We all have to make sacrifices if we're to create a better world. But it is complicated, isn't it? Looking forward to reading you. (Line goes dead) Yeah, me too, Daniel. Me too. (He laughs incredulously) Maybe it was her child with someone else. No. He was holding her as a newborn. And I could see him in her eyes. It was his. And, you know... I could forgive him his vanity. I could forgive his need always for more. More power, more money, more respect. And even him f*cking that tart, but giving her a child? When I had begged him for 20 years for that chance? I will never, ever forgive him that. And I want to wipe every trace of him from my life. Every trace. This is a very significant amount of money, Madame Joubert, are you absolutely sure? I'm sure. Now she loves me. (Angry shouts outside) So Madame Joubert has decided to make a donation. She understands not all of you feel the same way, but she is willing to say that it comes from all of you. For TT to believe this and release Delplanque, obviously we need you to agree this publicly. How much? 27 million, give or take. Why would you do that? Look. The important thing is, notwithstanding your principled reservations about acceding to his demands, that you just go along with this. Delplanque has less than an hour. Elise : We're closing in on his location. We find him, we get TT. Then the game is over. Then you can say whatever you want. I'm in, no problem. Me too. Well, let's think about this, we all agreed it would be irresponsible to... You know, Mr. Anderson, the bottom line is, if you're not able to go along with this, we can let it be known outside this building you were unwilling to co-operate. Hey...I'm in. Thank you. My lawyers are transferring the money to the charity now. Good, we couldn't wait. We've told the press already, so... he's gonna know any second now his demands have been met. Are you all right? Yeah, actually I feel much better than I have for quite a while. Well, it's been nice seeing you again, despite the circumstances. Bye. They've narrowed it down to one of two places, one just outside Sangatte and one in an industrial park in Rety. There's no time. We've got to cover both. You take that one, we'll take that one. You need back-up. Do not go in until the back-up arrives. Okay! Elise... I won't. Karl... Yeah! Back-up will be there in ten minutes. Up the end, turn right. That's it. (Trains rumble by) (Phone rings) Yes, Chuks? He's just gone off line. It worked. All right. Ten minutes is a long time. It's only nine now. What are you doing? Just going to take a look. (Metal creaks) It's my opinion that the primary duty of a police officer is to cover his colleague. Right? Just to be clear, I'm your colleague. Yeah. Right. Elise. No power. Cecile... (Elise grunts) Oh f*ck! Elise, are you all right? Elise... sh1t! Speak to me. Where has he got you? Oh, thank God. Okay, all right. I've gotta go, okay? (They grunt) Jean-Claude? Jean-Claude? He's down there! He's coming down! (Machine gun fire) (She pants) (Banging) (Banging continues) (Siren wails) Hi. Hey, Karl. Did you get a look at him? I'm great, thanks for asking. (They laugh) I'm sorry. How are your testicles? (Karl laughs) How are you feeling? Well, I'm wearing one of these things, how would you feel? Are the kids all right? They're fine. And your boys? One died at the scene, two critical. I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Thank you. Well, I don't know what I'm waiting for, they've checked everything, as far as I know. Head, ribs, balls. I'll see if I can get things moving. Good man. Did it feel deliberate that he hit you where he did? Like he knew you were vulnerable in that area? We're all vulnerable there. Get well soon. (Knock on door) Hey. Hey. I just spoke to my mum finally. I thought she'd cry and beg for me to come home again, you know, but she just... She just freaked. Went totally ballistic. So... I'll stay another night or so... if that's okay? Stay as long as you like. After tomorrow the flat is yours. What do you mean, mine? Tomorrow the sword of justice will swing. Mrs. Roebuck? Yes. Elise Wassermann, Brigade Criminelle. Ah. Nice to meet you. Karl's told me a lot about you. He has? What's he said? Oh, just that you're working together. Right. I had to help Delplanque, you understand that? I had a duty of care to him too. Yes, I understand. I should go in. It was nice to meet you. Oh, Karl... Hey. It's all right. Come on. (She sobs) Ow, easy. I'm sorry, sorry. What did he do to you? Mmm. Everything's still in full working order. What? Mmm? It scares me when things like this happen. I could have lost you. But you didn't, did you, love? Gently. Sorry. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 