Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - Black Work 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=346&t=19207 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/28/15 21:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 A police officer is dead, sir. A friend. 
 He died. He's gone. 
 Have you any idea what Ryan Gillespie was doing at that warehouse on his day off? 
 Neil Cargill. That was his cover name. 
 We're looking for a blue Corsa that was parked on the bridge. 
 We charged all seven of them. 
 'If you don't love him any more, he deserves to know.' 
 Someone was listening to us. There was a bug in the car. 
 That's a kid called Michael Parry. We're looking for him. 
 Who's that? 
 Parry's girlfriend Sian Glover. 
 (High-pitched whine) 
 (Panting) 
 (Sparks fizz) f*ck's sake, come on! Come on! (Car alarm blares) Stay where you are! (Alarm blares) This is Constable Jo Gillespie. I'm in pursuit of a Michael Parry, he's wanted for the murder of a police officer. He could be armed. Over. Control : Which direction is he heading? North, on foot from Birch Cottage, Hildene Lane, Timble, LS21. All units. All units. Michael Parry wanted for the murder of a police officer. Five foot ten, light brown hair... heading north. (Tyres screech) .. LS21. (Panting) Melly : Mum? Dad? Ryan : Am I losing you? I called the police! You won't get away! I know you killed him! (Helicopter whirs) (Panting) (Passengers chatting) Armed police! Show me your hands! Man in red, show me your hands now! (Jo exhales) (Police radio communications) Are you all right? He could've killed you. He was right in front of me, I couldn't just let him get away. Any sign of the girlfriend? We thought we'd find them together. No, I searched his backpack. I found photos of her but nothing else. (Sighs) Come on, I'm gonna drive you to A&E. Get that head checked out. (Breathes heavily) Kapoor wants you to come in and give a statement. He'll ask how you tracked Parry there. Tell him about the CDs. No, I can't. Someone bugged your car, Jo. Do you want your wife to find out about us? You know what that station's like. If word got out... We haven't done anything wrong. It doesn't sound like that on the CDs. Until I find out who was listening to us, we can't say anything to anyone. We've gotta keep them to ourselves. Jesus! (Gasps) Hal! (Car alarm blares) How can you do this to us? Don't hurt him. Listen, he didn't do anything. He just brought me home, darling. How could you do it? Barbara : Hal, put it down. Come on. I don't want anything to do with you any more. Let's go in, yeah? (Door slams) Hal, they've arrested the man they've been looking for, Michael Parry. Do you think he killed Dad? He might've done, they need to question him. But he obviously knows something or he wouldn't have been there. Jack just brought me home, that's all. I'm not f*cking interested. Whatever you think of me, we're all each other's got now, me, you and Melly. Don't you dare use Melly that way! I know what it sounded like on those CDs, Hal, but nothing ever happened between me and Jack. Your dad and I, you know, we were having problems. Hal, please help me while I try to understand all this. I've got no choice. And I need you. I need you to look after Melly and Gran for me. You're full of sh1t! I'm gonna live with my mum. Hal, where are you going? Don't leave me. I can't stay here, Mel. Text me all the time, yeah? I want to know everything. (Door slams) You've got to stop him! You shouldn't have gone there. I caught him. And what if he'd hurt you badly, where would the kids be then? That's who you should be thinking about. I am. I'm trying to understand this for all of us. Our car was bugged. What if someone was trying to blackmail Ryan? You're a single mother now and those kids need you. Look what you're doing to them. I want to know who I was married to. Then I will tell you. Ryan lived for Mel and Hal. And he was the happiest I ever saw him when it was the four of you together. He loved turning his bloody rock music right up. Decorating this place, making a home for you. (Jo chokes back a sob) That's who my son was. (Sniffs) (Door opens) Sorry to keep you waiting, Jo. That's fine. I need to take a statement... as the person who found Michael Parry. Have you interviewed him yet? We're just about to. How are you bearing up? Fine, thank you. Had you been to that cottage before? No. So what took you there? I found the address in Ryan's satnav and I didn't recognise it. So you just drove there... on a whim? That's right. Hadn't Ryan ever mentioned it? He never spoke about his work. That's the problem, you see. We can't connect the cottage to the operation and I've checked with the previous owner. Ryan paid £90,000 for it. He bought it in his cover name. Neil Cargill. That's right. When we searched your house, we took away financial documents, bank statements. I've been through them all. There's no record of a property purchase. Because we never had that kind of money. So where did it come from? (Knock at door) Yeah, come in. You should see this, sir. Where was it? Parry's backpack, front pocket. We'll compare the markings with the bullet that killed Ryan, but... it's the same calibre. Come on. (Text alert) Kapoor : What were you doing at that cottage, Michael? It was Neil's place, he said I could hide there. Hide from who? You should be out there looking for Sian. Where is she? We were hoping you'd tell us that, Michael. Not now. I'm sorry, ma'am, I didn't realise. How are they getting on? 'Seven men were arrested recently at a wedding in Bradford.' Were you invited to the gathering, Michael? My mate said he wanted us all there, but Neil said I should go away for a while. Well, we arrested your mates that night for running guns out of Bradford. All of them, Michael. The whole gang. Except you. How do you think that must have looked to them when they were all banged up and you weren't? Do you own a blue Corsa, Michael? No. Did you drive a blue Corsa to a derelict warehouse on a canal on the night of October 17th and park it there? No, I told you, I don't own a car like that. Someone's trying to fit me up. Did you meet with a man you knew as Neil Cargill on October 17th? What does that mean? You saying that wasn't his real name? (Inhales)  That's very good, Michael. Was Neil a cop? You know that he was. You found out and you killed him cos you guessed what was coming. This is bullshit. Had you been to the cottage before? I was with him when he bought it. We were mates. Really? Then how much did he pay for it? 90 grand, cash. I take it you didn't know about this cottage? Mm-mm. It's not in his handler's notes. (Door opens) What's going on? I want to be in there. Just try and look relaxed, OK? (Rustling) Is this your backpack? For the tape, I'm showing Mr Parry a navy blue and grey backpack. Look, I think something's happened to Sian, you need to find her. Answer the question. We found tins of food inside with your fingerprints on, a paperback novel and a strip of photographs showing you and Sian Glover. I want those back. So it is yours? You already know it is, anyway. Stop playing games. No more games, Michael. We found a gun in the front pocket. (Inhales sharply) We found a gun in Parry's backpack. I thought you said you went through it? No, I did go through it. They can't have done. It's a 9-millimetre, the same as the one that killed Ryan. It's not mine. I don't even know how that got in there. I've never even owned a gun. You just sell them for a living. That was them, not me. Look, I didn't know he was a copper. I didn't know about the arrests. We were mates. And that's how you treat mates, is it, you kill them in cold blood? I didn't kill him. Then you run... and you hide. I thought he was helping me. I'm not listening to any more of this sh1t. Take it easy. He was helping me and Sian. Stop making lies up about him! DC Miekel, please leave the room. Tell me that you killed Ryan. Say it to my face! Lee, out now! You're gonna go to jail for the rest of your life for killing my best mate! (Heated argument) (Alarm buzzer sounds) Miekel : Say it to my face! Lee! Lee! (Argument continues) (Alarm continues buzzing) (Church bell rings) Jarecki : Let's get Parry charged with Ryan's murder. I'm not ready to do that, ma'am. The evidence is still only circumstantial. And he denies ownership of the gun. Are you surprised? He was found in possession of the weapon that killed Ryan Gillespie and had a strong motive. Ryan knew about his involvement with the gang and Parry was afraid it'd incriminate him. I'd still feel happier if we had more evidence. Do you really want to be the officer that lets Parry walk away? What about Sian Glover? Do you believe he doesn't know where she is? That's the story he's sticking to. If they didn't run away together, she's a missing person. I want her found. And charge Parry, we need to regain the initiative here. Any question marks about Ryan's time undercover and that gang's lawyers will have a field day. I want the body released and the funeral arranged. We need to remind people we've lost an officer here. Jack : Lee went crazy on him. We had to drag him off. I don't know what the hell's going on with him. I didn't see a gun when I searched Parry's backpack, I'm certain. Then someone planted it. Erm... I don't know. Well, how else could it have got there? Listen, if you're sure the gun wasn't there, you need to tell Kapoor right away. But if you say something after what Lee just pulled, then every finger's gonna be pointing at him. So you have to be absolutely certain. Could you have missed a gun? I don't know... maybe. (Exhales heavily) What are we doing here? I can't talk anywhere else. I don't want people listening. What if they bugged my house as well as my car? Jo, come on. Slow down. I don't feel I can trust anyone any more. That's not true. Look, just breathe, all right? What did Parry say about the cottage? Did he say if Sian Glover had been there? He insists he was on his own the whole time, and we've no reason not to believe him. There's no trace of her - no prints, nothing. What, so she's missing? What? Tell me! Parry said Ryan paid cash for the cottage. So you think he was bent too, just like Kapoor does? I didn't say that. But if Parry's telling the truth, then... Ryan had gone rogue. Stop it. You never even knew about that house. He kept that from you, the pills from you, maybe other secrets too. Why are you doing this? To help you to see who he really was properly. You were supposed to be his friend. Well, I didn't know him very well. None of us did. Reporter : Concerns are growing for a Leeds teenage girl who hasn't been seen since Tuesday. 17-year-old Sian Glover was initially thought to be with her boyfriend, Michael Parry, who's now been charged with the murder of undercover policeman Ryan Gillespie. The police are asking for anyone with information to come forward. Sian's father, Steven Glover from Bradford, made an emotional appeal to the media... Jo : I want to come back to work. Hepburn : Get the funeral out of the way, give yourself a chance to say goodbye to Ryan. Now that we've charged Parry, we can ask the coroner to release Ryan's body and you can move ahead with the funeral. I would imagine that Jarecki would want to do the eulogy. Then you can choose which flag you'd like to have over the coffin. Oh, a Forces flag, definitely. He would have wanted that. Do you want to go to the playground? (Children laughing) By Tokyo, 2020, I'll be ready. And if I work harder than anyone else and get more muscles, then it doesn't matter how old I am, does it, Mum? You're serious about this, then? It's what I'm good at. You're good at lots of things. Dad liked me swimming. So I guess I'd do it for him. Lee? Melly, Melly, Melly, stop, stop, stop. Melly, stop it. Lee? Mum? What's wrong? What happened? Melly was in a right state. Someone was watching us in the playground. Are you sure? Melly didn't see anybody. I'm not making it up. You're scaring her, acting like this. Like what? Well, look at you. 
 
 (Door bell rings) (Door opens) Jo? Ma'am. Erm... tea or coffee? I was a family liaison officer once. Believe me, I've drunk enough tea to last a lifetime. Got a couple of glasses? Thank you. I hope you don't mind my coming over, Jo. I just wanted to check that everything was OK with you. Thank you, ma'am. Carolyn, please. It's your home. Thank you. (Clears throat)  Actually, Jo, there was something I came to say. I can't give the eulogy at Ryan's funeral. Why? To do that would be to say in public that I had complete faith in him. But there are still doubts over his conduct. From whom? I can't go into that. If you don't speak at his funeral, you're judging him without knowing the whole story. None of us do. That's the problem. I met with Ryan's handler today. He's worked with him throughout the whole operation - that's three years. Fed back to us intelligence that Ryan gathered. They built the case up together. What did he say? Ryan missed their scheduled meeting the week before he died. It was the first time he'd ever done that. Well, maybe he couldn't get away without tipping someone off. He was avoiding him and we don't know why. (Sighs)  Jo, he was at a derelict warehouse on his day off. And for the last week of his life, he was off radar with a gang of criminals. Ryan died doing his job. If I stand up and open my mouth, it's with the weight of the whole force behind every word. I think you should leave, now. There's nothing more important to me than this police family, Jo. Everything I do, I do to protect it. We get picked away at every day by the government and the press. If you give them a sniff of vulnerability, it's like blood in the water. It's not the force you're thinking of, it's your own reputation. Now... Let's tread carefully now. If it was about the force, you would stand up in front of all of us in that church and talk about service and how Ryan died doing his job. And how he gave everything he had for the things that he believed in. Are you telling me you're not starting to have doubts about what he was doing those last few months, who he really was? He was a good man. Oh, I hope you're right. Because if he crossed a line, if he did anything he shouldn't have while he was undercover, then those seven men we've just caught will walk free. I'll see myself out. (Door closes) All right, sarge. (Church bell tolls) (Congregation sings Abide With Me) ♪ Hold thou thy cross... ♪ I'm so sorry, Jo. ♪ Before my closing... ♪ 
♪ In life, in death, O, Lord ♪ 
♪ Abide with me ♪ (Paper rustling) "I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, And I have kept the faith. From now on, there is reserved for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will give to me on that day." (Footsteps descending) I'm sorry, can I... What's she doing? (Woman clears throat) There's nothing... nothing to be said... no words for the loss of a friend... a husband, a son, a father. And we don't imagine when we say goodbye to someone one morning... that they might never come back. At least, normal people don't. But we know... that we are not in a normal line of work. We hold a line between the world we all want and the world as it is. And Ryan Gillespie... Ryan Gillespie held that line too. And for more than 15 years, he served his community. And we must bear witness to that kind of commitment... because it's rare. Jo. You remember my wife, Jocelyn? Of course. That was a beautiful service, Jo. You must be so proud of Hal. I am. I saw Ryan, the day before he... You know. Saw him where? He came round to ours. I was at work. Jocelyn let him stay for a bit. We had a cup of tea, talked about you and the kids. How did he seem? Tired. Well, he didn't stay very long. Sorry, this isn't coming out right. I just meant to say that he spoke about the four of you so beautifully. He loved you very much, Jo. (Sniffles)  Sorry. I wish I knew what it was he wanted to talk to me about. Thank you. (Exhales heavily) Jo? We're gonna go, OK? I can take Melly back with me so you can do the wake properly. No, I'm not going to the wake. I can take her, it's fine. Why don't you both come to mine? The kids need each other now, Jo, and we have to start getting used to this. What are you saying? We'll need a routine, now Hal's living with me. And he'll want to see a lot of Melly. You know how close they are. Nothing's decided yet. He might... want to come home. No, he won't, Jo. He's still knocking around, then. Do you know who that is? Tom Piper. He was Ryan's first boss. He was at our wedding. He must be coming up for retirement soon. Excuse me! I'm sorry, we weren't introduced. It's Tom, isn't it? Tom Piper. It's DI Piper. Sorry. How did you know my husband, sir? Look, I'm sorry for your loss. But if you'll excuse me... Were you his handler? Why would Michael Parry kill Ryan? I'm not discussing this with you. Do you think he did? I'd say it would be the best result all round. What does that mean? The Chief Constable spoke to you, didn't she? I know you know things about my husband... You should stay out of this, love. Believe me, you don't want to find what you're looking for. I think someone's trying to cover stuff up about Ryan. That stepson of yours seems like a nice lad. You should look after him... and Melly. What age is she now? She's nine next month. Be careful. This is a horrible world, Jo. (Breathes heavily) What are you doing? You're not ready to go back. Can you drop Melly at school? I don't want to wake her yet. What am I supposed to tell her? Tell her I'm doing my job. (Computer bleeps) Welcome back. I'm sorry the funeral was weird... and that I was weird. The whole time I wanted to come over and make sure you were OK. That's all right. How's Amy? I think she knows summat's going on between us. She's not stupid. What are you doing? (Sighs)  I'm trying to find Ryan's handler. Is this why you came back? He was at the funeral. He's a DI, his name's Tom Piper. Have you heard of him? (Grunts) He had a meeting with Jarecki. When I met him at the funeral, he couldn't wait to get away, he threatened the kids. How? Well, it wasn't what he said, it was the way he was with me. He told me to stop looking. I think he's hiding something and I think - Jo... I know what you're gonna say. I think you should. What? What are you doing? You need some answers, right? You can find him through the electoral register. I'm sorry for the mess. It's my mother's stuff. I should have thrown it out years ago. Thank you. I tend to use these to get a proper look. Ah, thank you. Can you turn that light out, please? What's he supposed to have done? I can't tell you, I'm afraid. Well, then, I'll leave you to it. Thank you. I hope you catch him, whatever he's done. People are bloody animals! (Vehicle draws up) Here's a cup of tea. I should have said, there's an eiderdown in one of them boxes if you get cold. No, I'm fine, thank you. I hope I'm not keeping you up. I can't sleep unless I watch the late news. The bulletins are full of that girl that went missing, Sian Glover. I've got to go. 17. It's a tragedy. Yeah. Her poor father! I'm sorry, I've really got to go. Thank you. sh1t! I want to see Parry. Where have they taken him? Just give me two minutes with him and I'll find out where she is. Why isn't anyone doing anything? Sian's 17 years old, for Christ sake! She's a child! Jo : Lee was at Piper's. Jack : What? He was helping him move out. But don't say anything to him, not yet. Jo, where are you? I've got to go, I'll call you later. Jo... When was the last time you saw your daughter? Three weeks ago. We'd had a row over breakfast. She left. I haven't seen her since. Do you know how she met Michael Parry? No. But I complained to the police about him months ago, that he were leading Sian astray, I could see it. She stopped coming home every night, gave up on college, her music, all of it. The police said there were nothing they could do. Did you ever meet any of Parry's friends, the men he hung around with? Only the one who come round to the house. He said his name was... Neil Cargill and that he were worried about her. And then I saw his picture in the paper. It was that copper who was killed, the one Parry's just been done for. I couldn't believe it. That's him. (Buzzer sounds) Jo, wait. You been checking up on me? Yes. If I saw the paperwork, so will anyone else who looks. Does your duty sergeant know you're here? Jo, this is crazy. I can't let you go in there. I have to speak to him. We've done that already. I know what I'm doing. Do you? You'll screw up the whole case if you get this wrong. (Door closes) I'm not saying a word. Cos you lot just twist it anyway, you bunch of f*cking liars. How far into Tess Of The D'Urbervilles did you get? The book in your backpack. Not far. It wasn't mine. You should finish it, it's good. How did you met Neil Cargill? I'm being fitted up. This is bullshit, that gun wasn't mine. I know. Look... I'm here to help you. I need to understand this, so tell me. Where did you meet Neil Cargill? At the cafe. Which cafe? It was where we did business. It was just a mobile tea place on a lorry yard off the Stornely Road. And you were working for the crew we arrested? Only low-level stuff. What about Neil? Was he working for them? He was helping out at the cafe. It was a few months before the boss got to trust him. Then he got the job of paying the drivers. What drivers? A truck would come in, the driver would leave the keys in the ignition, he'd go in for a cup of tea and someone'd nick it. Neil would pay the bloke for looking the other way. The police found a gun in your backpack. That wasn't mine. You worked for a crew that sold hundreds of them. It wouldn't have been hard to get your hands on one. I didn't get near that stuff, you had to build up to it. OK. Tell me about Sian. How did you meet her? She used to work at the cafe at weekends. She never told her dad. Zoe used to pay her cash in hand. Zoe? She owns the cafe. It's called the Butty Shack. It's just a caravan. The place was a shithole. But Sian... She was a bit of sunshine, you know? Always getting me to look at things differently. She gave me books. She gave me that one too - Tess. She started talking about getting away from that place, that it wasn't me. And it wasn't. But they weren't just gonna let me get away that easily. She said that was OK, cos Neil was gonna fix that. Neil? How? I dunno. He told me to go to the cottage and he'd bring Sian there when he found her. I waited there for days. Something's wrong, isn't it? Something's happened to Sian. I don't know yet. (Keys turn in lock) Your sergeant has made a complaint. Neglect of duty. He couldn't reach you. Do you have any idea how many rules you're breaking, visiting Parry? You're Ryan's wife, for Christ's sake. You could easily compromise the case against Parry, doing something as stupid as that. I'm not comfortable with how Ryan's case was handled. There are still leads that need to be pursued. The blue Corsa that was at the warehouse... I have no doubt that DCI Kapoor's team has done an exhaustive search for that car. Well, we need to find it, ma'am. It was there that night. If you can't be trusted to do your job, then I'm left with no other option. No, that's not necessary, ma'am. PC Gillespie just needs a longer leave of absence. Jo, I need your warrant card and your security pass. (Door slams) (Reversing bleep) I'm closed. It's Zoe, isn't it? That's a nice touch... sending a woman this time. Did you think you'd get further than he did? I don't know what you mean. Are you here to pay me off like the other fella? The man who came here before, what did he look like? Older bloke, white hair, not from round here. Look, I've got a pretty good antenna for cops now, all right? Did you know Neil Cargill? We lived together for three years. So my answer to that probably should be yes, shouldn't it? Only, it turns out I didn't know him at all. Are you OK? Erm... You two... You were together for three years? If you can call it "together". He were only here half of t'week. Did you know him? Yeah, I knew him. (Car approaching) (Inhales and exhales sharply) (Phone rings) Hello. Jo, it's Hepburn. Listen to me. They've found Michael Parry in his cell. He's dead. (Child gurgles) Jo, where are you, can you hear me? Is she...? She's Neil's. Look, I'm sorry, who are you? I'm his wife. No! No, Jack! I don't want you talking to anyone down the station, right? Have you been listening to me and my family? Woman : Where are you taking me? Take this. I think I know what happened the night Ryan died. You killed Ryan and Sian Glover. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 