Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x13 - Athelstan's Journal Loyalty (webisode) - Vikings 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x13 - Athelstan's Journal Loyalty (webisode) https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=192&t=16573 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/15 13:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x13 - Athelstan's Journal Loyalty (webisode) 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [solemn vocal music] 
 Fever Ray : ♪ If I had a voice, I would sing ♪ 
 Athelstan voiceover : Loyalty, the lifeblood of this place. 
 This is a personal combat. 
 [crowd yelling] 
 Athelstan voiceover : Whole empires have fallen in the name of loyalty. 
 But new empires built on loyalty will rise from the ashes to take their place. 
 Hail Earl Ragnar! 
 all : Hail, Earl Ragnar! 
 Athelstan voiceover : For as long as the loyalty that built them remains unbroken... 
 I swear to be true to you, your wife, and your family. 
 There is no need for you to swear. 
 You have already paid a heavy price for your loyalty to me. 
 Nevertheless, I will swear, brother. 
 How will we ever be equal now? family... 
 I'm with child again. 
 Athelstan voiceover : Common intent... 
 You were once married to an earl. 
 Would you not like to be married to another one? 
 Athelstan voiceover : A shared enemy... 
 Aethelwulf : It seems they intend to stay here a while as scavengers, little more than beasts. 
 We must be able to outthink them. 
 You see them up there? 
 Yes. 
 What are we waiting for? 
 Ragnar : Until the odds are in our favor. 
 man : We're being attacked. 
 Athelstan voiceover : And inspired leadership always wins the hearts of men. 
 Ragnar : Who are you? 
 Aethelwulf : I'm Lord Aethelwulf, brother of King Aelle. 
 Yet you lead his army. 
 Hmm. 
 Ragnar : Shall we go visit the king? 
 [Aelle claps hands] 
 What do you want for the safe return of my brother and for leaving my kingdom? 
 £2,000 in gold and silver. 
 What did he say? 
 How much? 
 £2,000. 
 [people whispering] 
 Aelle : I agree to the terms. 
 But first I desire that either you or one of your companions agrees to be baptized into our faith. 
 That way, I can make peace with a friend and fellow Christian and not an enemy. 
 man : How will you ever get Odin to forgive you now? 
 Athelstan voiceover : Most surprising of all is the loyalty born of kindness. 
 I want to serve you. 
 Lagertha : If it's really what you want, I accept your offer. 
 [gasps] 
 Athelstan voiceover : Carefully nurtured, it is a currency beyond riches. 
 Carelessly tended, it is a torch to the fire of vengeance. 
 man : They're empty! 
 [men yelling] 
 Aelle : I swear before God Almighty I declare war eternal on the Northman Ragnar Lothbrok. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 