Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - Dublin Murders 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=917&t=34744 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/24/19 09:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 The body of a young girl was found this morning in the woods. 
  We have reason to believe it's Katy. 
  You know everyone's going to ask, don't you? 
  Is this something to do with the others? 
  Three kids go into those woods, only one comes out alive. 
  You two get across that Peter, Germaine and Adam case. 
  Any detail, any connection. 
  I don't care how tiny or random it is. 
  Hound it down. 
  Peter? 
  Jamie? 
  Our evil. 
  Ours. 
  You, me and Jonathan. 
  The three of us. 
  There's no escape. 
  We can't escape. 
  Mr Johnstone may be in prison, but he has associates to do the work for him. 
  We can't do this. 
  Not this one. 
  Say yes, Rob, because we absolutely cannot do this one. 
  - [BANGING] 
  - Adam! 
  Adam! 
  Where are they? 
  Leave him alone! 
  My middle name's Robert. 
  I want to be Robert now. 
  Where's Peter? 
  And where's Jamie? 
  What did you do to them? 
  Where are they, Adam? 
  Ah! 
  [MOANING] 
  Where's Peter? 
  - Stop! 
  I don't know where they are. 
  - Tell us where they are. 
  [SHOUTING] 
  Sir, the Paddy boy is shouting again. 
  Robert. 
  Wake up. 
  Wake up. 
  You were shouting. 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  Get a move on, charity boy. 
  Dear Peter and Jamie, please come back. 
  Please. 
  If you come back, I can go home. 
  I really want to go home. 
  [WHISTLE BLOWS] 
  Come on. 
  If you've got a stitch, then breathe through it and it'll go. 
  Knees up, keep the pace. 
  ECHOING: Dear Peter and Jamie I'm sorry I wasn't fast enough I tried to keep up. 
  I am on my own here. 
  Please come back. 
  Why didn't you wait for me? 
  I don't understand Next time I will keep up [SHE SIGHS] 
  [RADIO PLAYS] 
  I thought that you loved me I see I was wrong So, you've broken my heart now Didn't take you too long Jonathan Devlin. 
  Hey, hey! 
  The train now approaching platform one is the 8. 
  45 from Malahide. 
  Calling at all stations. 
  [INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT] 
  I don't know how I'm going to pay for a coffin. 
  I lost my job. 
  Funerals are expensive. 
  I don't want a cheap coffin. 
  Are you ready, Mr Devlin? 
  It's not working. 
  I'm so sorry about that, Mr Devlin. 
  You'd think that they'd test it. 
  Don't they care enough to test it? 
  And this bloody music! 
  Mr Devlin, is this your daughter, Katherine? 
  Yes. 
  Let me talk to him. 
  Is there anyone, anyone you can think of who would want to do this to Katy? 
  Not to Katy. 
  To me. 
  They'd want to hurt me. 
  - Because of the campaign. 
  - Move the motorway? 
  That motorway has got nothing to do with jobs and infrastructure. 
  It's about buying up land and you'll never find out who's buying it. 
  I got phone calls. 
  Threats. 
  What sort of threats? 
  "Watch your back. 
  " "We'll break your legs. 
  " I told him to send their best lads because I would be ready. 
  - Him? 
  - Same voice. 
  Every time. 
  And a few weeks ago, Katy picked the phone up. 
  I thought she was talking to Simone, her teacher, but then she came in and said, "It's for you," and off she went, out to practise. 
  I took the phone and he said, this man, the same man, the same voice "That's a lovely little girl you've got there, Jonathan. 
  "Talented too. 
  "Be a shame if anything happened to her. 
  " A few weeks? 
  You didn't report it. 
  I thought, "Now I'm really getting to them, "they're getting desperate now. 
  " I was pleased about it. 
  Happy. 
  God forgive me, I felt like a king. 
  Mr Devlin. 
  I want you to know that we're going to do everything to find the person that did this to Katy, to your family. 
  We're going to find them. 
  You want to tell me what that was about? 
  I want to show you something. 
  Whoo! 
  Go higher. 
  I'm trying, I'm trying. 
  Come on, Adam. 
  Come on Adam, higher, go on. 
  That was our swing. 
  Peter's dad, Joe, put it up for us. 
  On the tenth anniversary of his son's disappearance, he hanged himself from it. 
  After that, Peter's family moved away to Glasgow. 
  Jamie's mum, Alicia Rowan, still lives in the same house. 
  She's going to need protecting. 
  We'll pass it on to whoever takes over from us. 
  We're not passing on this. 
  We have to do it. 
  Rob, we agreed. 
  I wanted Jonathan Devlin to look right into my face, to see if he recognised me. 
  He doesn't, but then again, I didn't recognise him either. 
  Not his face. 
  Not his name. 
  - You know him? 
  - Him and his mates. 
  We called them Hairball, Headbanger and The Other One. 
  Wannabe bikers without a bike or money for petrol. 
  Jonathan Devlin's initial interview, taken two days after the disappearance. 
  sh1t. 
  Oh, sh1t. 
  What do you reckon any detective working Katy Devlin's murder is going to do, handed a lead like this? 
  Find Adam Reilly. 
  Find Adam Reilly and his family. 
  Initial interview? 
  There's others? 
  There's boxes and boxes of evidence, months' worth, years, so I'd have thought so. 
  Somewhere in there, they interview again, because I would. 
  I'd be pushing on his alibi. 
  Who worked it originally? 
  Emmet and McCabe? 
  Emmet had a massive heart attack in '97, dead before he hit the ground. 
  McCabe died of pancreatic cancer in 2003. 
  Yay. 
  We just saw our futures. 
  I failed to disclose, Cassie. 
  Of course I did. 
  I'd never have been able to work Murder if they knew who I was. 
  And you failed to disclose. 
  Of course you did, you're my friend. 
  But do you think anyone is going to believe you didn't know about me? 
  No. 
  I shouldn't have told you. 
  I compromised you. 
  It's not like we planned this. 
  You know things about me no-one else knows, not even Sam. 
  We stay on this, we can control it. 
  - Hide in plain sight. 
  - You could be recognised. 
  Who's going to make the association between skinny, little Irish Adam and English Rob? 
  And my surname? 
  Christ, throw a stick and hit a Reilly. 
  - There's two in Fraud. 
  - You shouldn't be doing this. 
  - Why not? 
  - Because it's about you. 
  I remember every inch of that estate and every inch of these woods, but this round here is where it stops. 
  I don't remember. 
  From chasing my friends to being found, there's nothing. 
  There's ten hours approximately, and nothing. 
  It's like running into a fist. 
  I've had psychiatrists and therapists and hypnosis, for f*ck's sake. 
  And nothing. 
  But what happened to us and Katy's murder, they're connected. 
  Who do you want to bring this in, Cass? 
  Someone else or do you want it to be us? 
  Shane? 
  Shane! 
  Keep up. 
  I'm not your mammy waiting on you! 
  Move. 
  Sandra, I wasn't expecting you. 
  You didn't say not to come. 
  I can go if you want. 
  I mean, as long as I get my money, I can go. 
  Leave you in peace. 
  I'm done. 
  I had to let the ballet school know. 
  All the grants, you know, the boards of all the grants. 
  It's tragic. 
  The poor child. 
  I had to give the police the names and addresses of everyone who works here. 
  They'll want to talk to you. 
  Ask if there's been anyone hanging around looking at the girls. 
  That's what they asked me. 
  Miss Cameron? 
  How long you going to stay shut? 
  A week. 
  At least. 
  You won't need to come in. 
  You'll still be paid as usual. 
  Footage taken from the Devlins' neighbours. 
  Somebody kept stealing the saints and angels in their garden, so they put in basic CCTV. 
  Counting backwards from the discovery of her body, this is 12am. 
  She's not carrying a bag so she wasn't running away. 
  Likelihood is she was going to meet someone and then expecting to come home again. 
  Door to door is questioning about unfamiliar vehicles. 
  Any link between this and the three kids in '85? 
  Even a vague one? 
  There is. 
  Jonathan Devlin, Cathal Mills and Shane Waters, all 18 years old, are questioned about the disappearance. 
  Now, fair enough, all males aged 15 and over are questioned and Devlin, Mills and Waters have an alibi. 
  They went into town to see a film, Porky's Revenge. 
  The cinema was rammed, none of the ushers able to identify them as being there, but they are seen by a 14-year-old Knocknaree girl, also in the cinema with her family to see Police Academy 2. 
  This 14-year-old girl goes to the foyer to get popcorn and sees Devlin, Mills and Waters in the corridor. 
  She's the only witness who can say they were there that night. 
  Her name is Margaret Byrne. 
  Three years later, Margaret Byrne gets married to Jonathan Devlin. 
  sh1t. 
  - Were they interviewed under caution? 
  - I don't know yet, sir. 
  I'm working my way through it all. 
  No, Quigley can do that. 
  As long as he's in the basement I don't have to look at him. 
  - Quigley? 
  - Well, you're not going to have the time unless you leave Maddox to do all the heavy lifting, and Quigley's capable of reading transcripts God almighty, you have me defending the bollocks! 
  Who the f*ck are you and why don't you knock? 
  O'Neill, Sir. 
  From General. 
  O'Neill was seconded to Revenue Customs for six months last year and we wanted him to work on Devlin's allegations of land fraud. 
  Did we? 
  Well, that's very nice for you. 
  A leg up to Murder from the howling abyss of General. 
  Welcome to Operation Vestal. 
  Do your job, we'll get on fine. 
  Dick about, I will shred your testicles. 
  Understood. 
  Vestal? 
  As in Vestal Virgin? 
  Is this a joke? 
  If she'd been raped, it'd be called something different because she wasn't a virgin? 
  Did some middle-aged man come up with this name, by any chance? 
  Listen, you. 
  I've got to put my face in front of the cameras and deal with this "He Rises" bullshit and I do not need lectures on feckin' patriarchy! 
  So good luck to you, the feminist and the Englishman, you poor bollocks! 
  Quigley! 
  Vestal, though. 
  Jesus. 
  Oh, thanks for this. 
  Gives me a break from arsonists and scrotes. 
  It was Rob's idea. 
  Appreciate it. 
  And I'm back on the team, M*therf*ckers! 
  [LAUGHS] 
  [GIGGLING] 
  You're going to get all the boys in a few years, Jamie. 
  What do you reckon, Cathal? 
  Melissa, it's Cathal. 
  Just tell them I've had to fly to Berlin for a meeting and there's some druggy arsehole been hassling people outside the office. 
  Road mender's jacket. 
  You know, the orange plastic. 
  Get security to deal with him, but don't call the f*cking Gardai, OK? 
  I want him got rid of. 
  I'll text you when I've landed. 
  And he was late thirties? 
  Or early forties. 
  I'm not brilliant at telling people's ages. 
  And it's hard cos mainly I remember the tracksuit. 
  Blue. 
  Like a French blue. 
  French blue? 
  That's specific. 
  Oh, I had a Saturday job in the DIY store years back. 
  Mixing paint. 
  That's how I know. 
  Very popular with the middle classes for their hallways, French blue. 
  And you're the only person on the dig who saw this man? 
  Well, I do the tours, show people around the finds, - tell them what's going on. 
  - And that's your job, giving people tours of the dig? 
  I like talking to people. 
  I don't mind answering the same questions. 
  The others get bored, but I don't. 
  - Did you know Jonathan Devlin? 
  - Of course. 
  Because of the campaign. 
  And he came to look round the dig. 
  Brought his family. 
  Well, his daughters. 
  So you knew them too? 
  Well, only by sight. 
  Didn't talk to them. 
  He's quite, erm protective. 
  Can't blame him, a load of students and him with his daughters. 
  The one that's got the learning difficulties? 
  She got sick on herself and started crying, and her sisters took her away. 
  Mr Devlin stayed. 
  And this man with this French blue tracksuit, he was on one of the tours? 
  Oh, no, no, he was in the woods. 
  - Doing what? 
  - Just looking. 
  At the dig. 
  I called him to say he could come and join the tour if he wanted and he went away. 
  The other students and archaeologists were at a house party the night Katy was killed, but you weren't? 
  I was at home with my mum. 
  She's got MS. 
  I look after her. 
  She's got people going in during the day but she needs me there at night. 
  We'll get someone in here to work with you on getting a better image. 
  What about my mum? 
  She gets upset if I'm late. 
  I'll drive you home after, Damien, it's no bother. 
  That's grand. 
  Erm, I'll just go to the toilet. 
  I'm bursting from all the tea. 
  Is this helpful? 
  - It's a definite lead. 
  - I'm glad. 
  Because you know when we saw her, on the altar? 
  I'm glad I'm able to help. 
  It's Phelan, isn't it? 
  Yes, Detective Phelan, yeah. 
  When you take him home, go into the house and check what he says about his mum. 
  And be discreet. 
  Say he's been a good citizen and thanks very much, that sort of thing. 
  And talk to the staff at the ballet school. 
  No problem, Detective. 
  Yeah, I'll report back. 
  He's got a man crush on you. 
  Someone needs to have a crush on me. 
  Oh, belt up, you do just fine. 
  [LIFT DINGS] 
  LIFT: Ground floor. 
  - Hi. 
  - Hi. 
  Ride back up with me? 
  You looked so surprised when I said it was Rob's idea to get you in. 
  I never know quite how to take him. 
  Well, now you'll learn. 
  I don't hang around with twats, you know. 
  He's one of them good ones. 
  You sure this isn't too close for you? 
  Me being in the investigation? 
  If I said it was, you wouldn't do it? 
  This is your chance to get into Murder. 
  Sam, I'm really happy you're doing it. 
  Really. 
  And I know you're not some arsehole who goes round bragging about his girlfriend. 
  That's why I go out with you. 
  That's one hell of a compliment. 
  "You're not an arsehole. 
  " I'm going to get that on a badge! 
  [SHE CHUCKLES] 
  You know what code Katy had in her mobile? 
  It was her twin sister's name. 
  Jess. 
  J-E-5-5. 
  I don't think she gets it at all, you know. 
  Jessica. 
  She says the word "dead" but I don't think she gets it. 
  See you tomorrow. 
  I'll think of some more compliments. 
  Can't bloody wait. 
  LIFT: Doors closing. 
  Going down. 
  [FOOTSTEPS] 
  [KEYPAD BEEPING] 
  [BUZZER, LOCK CLICKS] 
  [DOOR CLOSES] 
  You know there's a jacks up one flight of stairs, don't you? 
  I'm not that much of an animal I'm going to sh1t in the corner of the room. 
  It's for my fingers, so I don't get barbecue sauce on anything. 
  You know McCabe that got the cancer? 
  He worked on this till he was practically dead. 
  There's a whole box of papers, diaries, whatever. 
  All handwritten. 
  Must have asked his family to bring it in. 
  Don't think anyone's ever been through it. 
  You'll be careful with all of this. 
  It's a lot of lives here. 
  Reilly, before I f*cked up, I was actually pretty good at this, you know. 
  Or did you think I bribed my way through my exams? 
  Made detective by giving hand jobs? 
  Just let me know when you've got something. 
  No, I'll keep it to myself, won't I. 
  Reilly? 
  You said "jacks". 
  Normally you say "the loo". 
  We'll make an Irishman of you yet. 
  Strong wrists Long in the neck and shoulders down. 
  You can't be scared of the pain, Katy. 
  The pain is what makes it beautiful. 
  And hold it TV: There is a serious incident telephone number, it's free to call, completely confidential, if there's anything that people out there want us to know, you don't have to give your name, you don't have to speak to an officer What about the graffiti? 
  "He Rises"? 
  You can't be sure there isn't some sinister Satanic aspect to this case? 
  Satanic? 
  Catch yourself on! 
  That graffiti could be for anything. 
  You see? 
  w*nk*ng themselves into a frenzy. 
  Satanic, me hole. 
  All right, so talk to me. 
  Three lines of investigation. 
  Devlin's Move The Motorway campaign. 
  It was gaining a lot of traction, causing problems for Mallin-Davis, is that enough to get Katy killed? 
  Possibly. 
  Tracksuit Man. 
  French Blue Tracksuit Man. 
  Is he in the woods because this is the place where he plans to leave Katy's body? 
  Or is he scoping out the dig because he's involved with Mallin-Davis? 
  We've shown Damian Donnelly images of known offenders in the same age range and physical type. 
  Wasn't able to make a positive ID. 
  We're monitoring chat and conversation on child p0rn sites. 
  - Jesus Christ. 
  - But Katy wasn't groomed. 
  She had no social media. 
  Jonathan Devlin has a computer. 
  We checked it, nothing. 
  We checked Simone Cameron's, nothing apart from a ballet school message board. 
  Katy had a mobile. 
  Simone Cameron got it for her so she and Katy could talk when Katy went to England. 
  The mobile was kept in the dance school with Katy's passport. 
  Rosalind Devlin is 18 but doesn't have her own phone. 
  Jonathan has one. 
  He uses that and the landline for the campaign. 
  Daddy controls the communication. 
  We think family is the strongest line. 
  Family and friends. 
  Which brings us all the way back again to Knocknaree '85. 
  Jonathan, Cathal, Shane and Margaret. 
  Could be a coincidence. 
  - Shitty luck but - Yeah. 
  It's a big but. 
  So, it begins. 
  To murder gods. 
  May they reveal their f*cking secrets. 
  Sandra Sculley? 
  So, er, you knew Katy, then? 
  I wouldn't put it like that, but I seen her practising. 
  [SNIFFS] 
  She was a polite little thing. 
  Please and thank you. 
  Not like some. 
  Had anything changed for her recently? 
  Did you notice something different about her? 
  She was just practising harder. 
  Every hour. 
  For that school in England she got into. 
  It's a terrible, shocking thing. 
  Did you ever see anyone hanging around? 
  Perverts, you mean? 
  Kiddy fiddlers spying on the girls? 
  No. 
  If there had been, the girls' daddies would have ripped them to shreds. 
  No. 
  OK. 
  What about the rest of Katy's family, then? 
  Her parents, Margaret and Jonathan? 
  Did you know them, or? 
  No? 
  Only to see, but otherwise no. 
  Never spoken a word to her mammy or her daddy. 
  Can I just check the spelling of your surname, actually? 
  It's Sculley, is that with an e or without? 
  S, C, U, double L, E, Y. 
  - Sandra Sculley. 
  With an E. 
  - With an E. 
  Thank you for that. 
  Thank you for your time. 
  I'll just let myself out. 
  Do you know what I think about Damien Donnelly and the man in the French blue tracksuit? 
  Bullshit. 
  He likes talking to people, being important. 
  - Centre of attention. 
  - Yep. 
  A bit of excitement after caring for his mammy all his life. 
  Poor guy. 
  f*ck him! 
 
 
 
  He got snacks and a lift home, he had a lovely time. 
  Bet you 50 he changes his mind, and never saw anyone in two weeks. 
  - Three. 
  - All right. 
  [SHE CHUCKLES] 
  What were they like? 
  Peter and Jamie? 
  They were great. 
  Great kids. 
  Funny. 
  Did you hang round with Jonathan and his mates back then? 
  Bit of an age difference. 
  No, sometimes they'd give us cider and cigarettes, laugh when we coughed. 
  Hairball, Jonathan, had a girlfriend. 
  Can't remember her name but she used to put make-up on Jamie and treat her like a doll. 
  Mostly, we just spied on them. 
  Spied on them doing what? 
  Getting pissed, getting stoned, trying to get laid. 
  The usual. 
  We thought it was hilarious. 
  And this was all in the woods? 
  It was all in the woods. 
  Did they have a problem with you three? 
  I don't know, Cass. 
  Not that I can remember. 
  I'm going home. 
  - Want a lift? 
  - It's the other side of town for you. 
  I'll get a cab. 
  - The girlfriend wasn't Margaret, was it? 
  - When she was 14? 
  Jonathan would've had his cock and balls torn off by her family. 
  Maybe she kept it a secret. 
  Maybe he didn't care how old she was. 
  The old bird on her mobility scooter Mrs Fitzgerald. 
  She'll know. 
  We'll pop in on her, then, in the morning. 
  - Go home, Rob. 
  - Yeah, I'm going. 
  What do you think? 
  I think I look gorgeous. 
  Hairball's girlfriend did it on me. 
  - You look stupid. 
  - What would you know? 
  Adam thinks I look gorgeous, don't you? 
  [SEAGULLS CAWING] 
  [TV ON LOUD] 
  [TV GETTING LOUDER] 
  - Daddy? 
  - Turn it down. 
  Turn it down. 
  [STAYS LOUD] 
  - Turn it down! 
  - Let me do it Turn it f*cking down! 
  Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you, you stoned f*cking lump? 
  Give me that f*cking You! 
  - You! 
  - f*ck! 
  - You! 
  You! 
  You! 
  You! 
  - [GLASS SMASHES] 
  [TV NOISE CONTINUES] 
  Yeah, well, I generally find that it was either you know, football. 
  Man United, that type of thing. 
  - I would like to have been a goalkeeper. 
  - Genuinely? 
  For? 
  Yeah. 
  For, for County Down. 
  I want to watch telly. 
  I've done a lot of shows. 
  Some of them a lot of them rubbish, some of them quite good, some of them, you know [TV NOISE] 
  Are you working on that poor girl? 
  I bet it was some filthy sexual pervert. 
  Makes you ideal. 
  Set a thief to catch a thief. 
  Do you think I'm a pervert, Heather? 
  I think you're an arsehole. 
  I don't even like you. 
  Good. 
  I prefer it like that. 
  [GUN COCKS] 
  You f*cking b*st*rd, Frank. 
  Got anything to eat? 
  You haven't got much in. 
  Do you know who I thought you were? 
  Someone sent by that plastic gangster Johnstone. 
  Yeah, I know. 
  Which begs the question, why did you sit with your back to the connecting door on the train? 
  Could have throttled you for that, Cassandra. 
  How do you eat this filth? 
  Tastes like grass and hairspray. 
  Feel free to put it back. 
  No, I'm getting used to it, actually. 
  What do you want? 
  It's a friendly reminder not to reactivate your old identity. 
  And a warning that reactivating your old identity brings a storm of sh1t down on you that not even I can protect you from. 
  Frank, I haven't been Lexie since this happened. 
  And I nearly died, remember? 
  Yeah, but you didn't, and being stabbed doesn't make you special. 
  Everyone's been stabbed. 
  I mean, I nearly got gelded. 
  I've a hole in my thigh you can put your thumb in. 
  Do you want to see? 
  I've seen it and it wasn't that much of a treat. 
  Did you know I kept an alert on the name Alexandra Mangan? 
  No, course you didn't, but I did. 
  And Alexandra Mangan applied for her birth certificate. 
  And you think that was me? 
  Why would I want Lexie's birth certificate? 
  You can't get a passport without a birth cert. 
  Can't get credit cards or borrow money without a passport. 
  Why would I do something so dumb? 
  How do you buy this place? 
  No-one else can afford to buy. 
  Your partner rents a room in some cardboard piece of sh1t apartment block and your boyfriend rents in a part of town even I don't want to live in, and yet you own this flat. 
  You own it outright. 
  Black Rock. 
  Nice and posh. 
  My aunt died. 
  She left me her house. 
  I sold it and bought this. 
  Oh, Cass, that's tough, I'm sorry to hear it. 
  Yeah, Frank, you know, the only family member I had and she was good to me, brought me up, so it's been pretty hard but just got to keep going, eh? 
  Well, if it wasn't you, who was it, then? 
  How should I know? 
  It could have been anyone I had contact with when I was pretending to be someone else. 
  For you! 
  Course, the other reason undercovers activate old identities is they want to come back. 
  Well, I don't. 
  I'm happy where I am. 
  I didn't try and get Lexie's birth certificate and I'd like you to go now. 
  I need to sleep. 
  Whatever you were planning, whatever you were thinking of doing, don't. 
  Christ's sake! 
  No more Lexie, OK? 
  You've been warned. 
  You'd do time for it, Cass. 
  No undercover wants to go to prison. 
  Bad things happen there. 
  Boss? 
  I'm sorry for waking you up. 
  I'm glad you did, Rosalind. 
  How did you get here? 
  There's a night bus. 
  And how can I help you? 
  Are you sure you wouldn't like to talk to my partner? 
  She looks at my clothes. 
  There's nothing I can do about my clothes. 
  She doesn't have to keep looking at them. 
  This is going to sound strange, but I have to ask because I don't know. 
  No-one's saying anything. 
  Was Katy - Did a man? 
  - Had she been raped? 
  No. 
  No. 
  No. 
  Why should that matter to me so much? 
  Why? 
  The worst thing that could've happened has happened, but I I just couldn't stop thinking if she'd had to go through Do you promise? 
  You're not just saying that to make me feel better? 
  You promise? 
  I I promise. 
  There was absolutely no sign of any sexual assault. 
  I'm sorry. 
  I'm I'm really sorry for making you promise. 
  Don't be sorry. 
  That's what we're here for. 
  I have to get home before anyone wakes up. 
  The Garda can drive you. 
  Could she drop me in the next street? 
  I don't want anyone to know where I've been, and then if someone is awake, I can just say I went for a walk. 
  She can drop you wherever you want. 
  Detective Reilly? 
  Will you promise me something else? 
  If I can. 
  Katy was a person. 
  You will always think of her as a person, won't you? 
  Not a body who had things done to her but a person with a life. 
  I promise. 
  - Stay in touch, Rosalind. 
  - I'll try. 
  You don't mind that I didn't call? 
  Christ, no. 
  I want Rosalind to talk to us. 
  If she trusts you, then great. 
  Visitors! 
  And I just made scones too. 
  How do you think Margaret's doing? 
  Have the big scone, young man, and plenty of butter. 
  You want feeding, you do. 
  Mrs Devlin's doing as you'd expect, I'm afraid. 
  I remember when she was born. 
  You'd never have looked at that child and think she'd turn out the way she did, with her nerves and all the pills. 
  - She came from good people. 
  - The Byrnes? 
  Marrying into that family was certainly the making of young Jonathan, because he was a wild one. 
  How do you mean wild, Mrs Fitzgerald? 
  Oh, keeping bad company. 
  And what sort of company? 
  Friends? 
  Oh, the lads were fine. 
  They were just being young men. 
  It was the girl he was with. 
  A wee whore, like her mammy before her. 
  Going around in a dress so short you could see what she had for breakfast, lunch and tea. 
  Time was the Magdalenes would have taken a one like Sandra Sculley and straightened out her nonsense. 
  There's a lot to be said for the old ways. 
  Sandra Sculley? 
  What happened to her? 
  I mean, if she was in love with Jonathan, then it must have been awful when he married someone else. 
  Love had nothing to do with it. 
  She made the trip to England. 
  You know? 
  Got rid of it. 
  But of course, her mammy and daddy would never let Margaret do something like that. 
  So up the aisle she went with little Rosalind already there. 
  Oh, you mean- Oh, she had a good dress so nobody could see the bump. 
  Margaret's daddy gets Jonathan a job, helps them out with a house and there's that beautiful baby Rosalind. 
  But Margaret gets the nerves, and by the time the twins come along, it's poor Rosalind doing everything, even as a child. 
  Taking on all the duties of the mother. 
  But there's no denying young Rosalind has no life of her own, doing everything for that poor fetch Jessica. 
  Fetch? 
  A twin who isn't a twin. 
  One comes from God. 
  The other comes from some place else, with a curse. 
  The fetch. 
  Help me? 
  Please? 
  [WATER RUNNING] 
  Those scones were like bricks. 
  What are you going to do with them? 
  Take them up to the roof, fire them at the seagulls - and kill a few for fun. 
  - Psycho! 
  You got twitchy when she started going on about the fetch. 
  Yeah, because it's superstitious, time-wasting nonsense. 
  I was just putting these reports out for you, detectives. 
  Very thorough. 
  I like it. 
  Mrs Donnelly is very much bedridden. 
  Really sweet lady. 
  It's so sad. 
  That's great, Phelan. 
  Here, these are for you. 
  Yeah? 
  Right, thanks. 
  Er Oh, and I've got all the Gardai statements from the ballet school teachers and other parents whose daughters went to the school. 
  And the cleaner, Sandra Sculley. 
  If you need me, just text me. 
  I put my number on the report. 
  Thanks for the scones. 
  Sandra Sculley, Jonathan's old girlfriend, works at the ballet school. 
  She's the one who put make-up on Jamie, right? 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, that was her. 
  Rob, she lied. 
  She says she doesn't know Jonathan and Margaret. 
  Why would she lie? 
  You're going to get all the boys in a few years, Jamie. 
  [THEY LAUGH] 
  Miss Sculley, did Jonathan Devlin get you pregnant? 
  What did they say? 
  They asked about the three kids. 
  Those children were taken as a tithe, as a reckoning, to settle an account. 
  You're never going to find them. 
  How much longer? 
  When are you going to be out of my way? 
  It takes as long as it takes. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 