Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Episode 1 - Dublin Murders 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Episode 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=917&t=34743 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/24/19 09:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Episode 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We always think that the ones who get away are the lucky ones. 
  They must have someone watching over them, they're blessed. 
  We're not supposed to think like that, sentimental bullshit, that's not for us jaded bastards, but we do. 
  And if someone still clings to life, a flicker of pulse, we think, lucky blessed watched over. 
  But what if the killed are the lucky ones? 
  The brightest, the most golden, the most alive, they're chosen. 
  And the rest of us aren't lucky at all. 
  Not blessed. 
  Not watched over by some kind angel. 
  The ones who get left are just too slow, too stupid, too muddy, too dull. 
  The gods don't want them. 
  They're lumps. 
  They're rejects. 
  We all are rejects. 
  We won't see each other again. 
  [INAUDIBLE RADIO CHATTER.] 
  Roger, control, we've got the whole area sealed down. 
  PHONE: Please hang up and try again. 
  Please hang up and try again. 
  Please hang up and try again. 
  Eye-witnesses saying they saw someone like me. 
  Isn't really me though, is it? 
  I know that, Cian, but we've got to go through the motions, tick the boxes. 
  I was with Alannah all night. 
  What were you doing? 
  Do the English even do that? 
  Heard all the girls have to fake it cos you're so sh1t and repressed. 
  Absolutely true. 
  I don't even go into that shop. 
  It's a shit-hole. 
  Food in there is always out of date. 
  - Wouldn't be seen dead in the kip. 
  - As you've mentioned the word dead She speaks! 
  the cashier who got stabbed, well, he is. 
  Bled out right there. 
  Poor fella. 
  I'll light a candle for him. 
  I should be at home, should be in bed and I'm sat here while you lot dick around. 
  I told you what happened, over and over. 
  He's saying it was you. 
  What? 
  What was me? 
  Your boyfriend, Cian, he says it was you. 
  He wouldn't. 
  And you've got a conviction. 
  Possession of an offensive weapon, a serrated kitchen knife. 
  That was years ago. 
  I was 14, for f*ck's sake, didn't do anything with it. 
  What's a jury going to think when they look at you? 
  You're, what, 23 now? 
  You've already got two kids that don't live with you because of the never-ending car crash of your life, but, despite that, you're having another one because you think this time it's going to be the fairy tale with a happy ending and it's not, because a man's dead in a pool of blood, and you're the one with the prior conviction. 
  So you'll go to prison and Cian will find someone new, because he reckons he can do better and, deep down, Alannah, darling, you agree with him because you don't think you're worth anything either. 
  Why should anyone love you when you're lower than sh1t, so there is no fairy tale. 
  No happy ending, not for you, not ever, there is only this moment, right here, right now, and what you do with it. 
  Three, two, one. 
  [SOBBING.] 
  Did Cian leave the flat? 
  Did you get rid of the knife for him? 
  Put it down the grate of the drain outside my flat. 
  Put it in a carrier bag. 
  Still had blood on it. 
  That's yours. 
  How can you have two sauces on a bacon sandwich? 
  Red sauce, one side, brown on the other. 
  It's the rules. 
  You're a monster. 
  Well done. 
  I'm a ruthless b*st*rd. 
  Detective Garda Cassandra Maddox. 
  Here he comes! 
  Good man, yourself. 
  UNENTHUSIASTICALLY: Thank you. 
  Thank you. 
  I know that little prick, that Cian. 
  He's been a twat since he was in nappies. 
  Good man yourself, though. 
  Well, it wasn't just me, was it? 
  Been thinking, we should team up again. 
  I've got a partner. 
  Yeah, but we all know she's only in Murder because of "quotas". 
  O'Kelly. 
  What? 
  All you did was your job, Reilly. 
  No call to look smug. 
  It's just my face, Sir. 
  - Where's the other one? 
  - She's in court this morning. 
  Old case, before she was on Murder. 
  If it's not my squad, I don't give a bollocks. 
  Get off your arse and go out to the country, local Garda have called it in, forensics already attending. 
  - Piss off. 
  - I'll come with you. 
  What the f*ck are these? 
  You're the sheriff now? 
  Are you going to ride into town to make a giant tit-sandwich out of everything? 
  No, sir. 
  Then go back to your desk and do some work, and I see that T-shirt again, I will staple your sorry pen1s to the wall. 
  JESUS CHRIST! 
  Are you trying to give me an aneurism?! 
  f*ck Why haven't you pissed off yet? 
  I will when you tell me where the body is, Sir. 
  It was your evidence that helped secure Mr Johnstone's conviction, when you were working as an undercover officer. 
  That's correct. 
  Mr Johnstone asserts that, while he accepts his sentence, it is his inalienable right to maintain contact with his children from prison, as any other loving father would be allowed to do. 
  What Mr Johnstone wants is to know where his wife is. 
  Allowing him any contact whatsoever with his children means a clear and immediate threat, to the safety and wellbeing of both his children and their mother. 
  They must remain hidden. 
  Mr Johnstone may be in prison but his associates will do the work for him. 
  Any further questions? 
  No further questions, Judge. 
  What've you got? 
  12-year-old scrote, drove a stolen car into his mother's front room because he didn't want noodles for his tea. 
  Fair! 
  You culchie dickhead! 
  That's me nailed. 
  See you tonight? 
  Oh, I can't. 
  Got a body. 
  How was Johnstone? 
  Well, you know. 
  He'd like my head on a spike. 
  Pretty ordinary, really. 
  - Where are we going? 
  - Knocknaree. 
  I didn't know where until it was too late. 
  Your boots are in the back. 
  Is it the woods? 
  Rob Reilly and Cassie Maddox. 
  Phelan. 
  This way, detectives. 
  Archaeologists. 
  It's a dig. 
  Statements and personal details are being taken. 
  Come on, Adam. 
  Here, Jamie, wait up. 
  Her name is Katharine Devlin. 
  She's 13. 
  She was registered as missing at 2:47pm yesterday. 
  I ran a check. 
  The photo of a Missing Persons sent through. 
  [ROPE CREAKS.] 
  It's her. 
  She lives up on the estate. 
  She LIVED up on the estate. 
  Have her family been contacted? 
  No, sir. 
  We'll do that. 
  Has some b*st*rd been You know, at her? 
  Apart from killing her, you mean? 
  Going to need more presence on the road. 
  Make sure no cameras get through before we've got the tent up. 
  Yeah, on it. 
  Phelan? 
  Good job. 
  This isn't the kill site. 
  Egg stage insect activity and no traces of blood on the stone or around it. 
  And she's been dead approximately 24 to 36 hours - but don't quote me on that. 
  - Who found her? 
  Two of the archaeologists. 
  Well, I say archaeologists, they're students. 
  The lad bent over her, thought she was asleep. 
  - Tried to wake her up. 
  - Has she been raped? 
  Can't say at this stage. 
  Cooper's away at some conference, enjoying the sound of his own voice. 
  He'll work through the night on her, says he'll see you first thing in the morning. 
  - And what is this? 
  - Some sort of altar. 
  That's why they're doing the dig. 
  All this is going to be flattened for the motorway. 
  You know what everyone's going to ask about, don't you? 
  It was the first thing Cooper said when I called him. 
  What's that? 
  Is this something to do with the others, back in the '80s? 
  They were the same sort of age, weren't they? 
  12 or 13? 
  Boss? 
  Peter, Jamie, wait for me. 
  Slow down. 
  No, you speed up. 
  Wait for me. 
  [HE BREATHES HEAVILY.] 
  Wait up! 
  Slow down! 
  Peter! 
  Jamie! 
  Where'd you go? 
  Peter? 
  Jamie? 
  Peter? 
  Jamie? 
  Where'd you go? 
  REPORTER: Is there any chance you could give us statement? 
  When can we get on with our work? 
  Who are you? 
  Mark Hanley, site director. 
  - OK, Mr Hanley - Dr Hanley. 
  Dr Hanley. 
  No-one's going to be doing anything today. 
  Who found the body? 
  We did. 
  Mel Royce and Damien Donnelly. 
  I leant over her, I'm sorry. 
  I told him not to. 
  It was obvious she wasn't sleeping. 
  No, not to me. 
  I didn't know that, I thought Look, I'm sorry for leaning over her. 
  Have you noticed anything unusual around the site recently? 
  - Anyone suspicious? 
  - Yeah, yeah, loads of them, all of them with signs over their heads, saying "f*cking weirdo. 
  " Did you pull this out of your policeman's hat of sh1t questions? 
  Mark Thank you for your time, Dr Hanley. 
  NEWS REPORTER: There continues to be a strong Garda presence in the woods of Knocknaree this morning, as the search for the missing schoolgirl Katherine Devlin intensifies. 
  The community was rocked back in 1985, when three children disappeared from the same estate. 
  Right, let's do it. 
  Did ya find her, then? 
  Did ya find Katy? 
  Come here, you. 
  f*cking mouth, ya. 
  Keep your mouth shut. 
  When people come here asking questions [DOORS SHUT.] 
  [SHE KNOCKS ON DOOR.] 
  [TELEVISION PLAYS LOUDLY.] 
  Out of the way, Jessica. 
  Good girl. 
  - Mr Devlin? 
  - Yeah. 
  I'm Detective Garda Cassie Maddox, this is Detective Sergeant Rob Reilly. 
  You've found Katy? 
  Can we come in, Mr Devlin? 
  HE SHOUTS: Rosalind? 
  [HE TURNS TV OFF.] 
  Rosalind? 
  [FOOTSTEPS APPROACH.] 
  Is she dead? 
  The body of a young girl was found this morning in the woods. 
  I'm very sorry to say but we have good reason to believe it's Katy. 
  But is she dead? 
  I'm afraid she is, yes. 
  How? 
  How? 
  How is she dead? 
  We can't say, at this moment. 
  Did somebody hurt her? 
  I'm afraid so. 
  She was such a good girl. 
  She never gave us a moment's trouble. 
  Are there any family members we can call? 
  Anyone who can be with you? 
  No, it's just us. 
  Jessica, sweetheart I'll get a cloth. 
  You alerted Missing Persons yesterday afternoon, is that right? 
  We all went to bed. 
  I looked in on her. 
  she was asleep. 
  And she wasn't there in the morning? 
  I thought she'd gone training. 
  She did that. 
  Can I take a look at Katy's bedroom, please? 
  It's upstairs, first door on the right. 
  That's very kind of you. 
  Not a problem, Mrs Devlin. 
  I got those for her, for Jess. 
  She likes them. 
  Is this how Katy left her bed? 
  I did that. 
  I always do that. 
  So it's ready for her. 
  And Jessica didn't notice or hear anything? 
  She was in with me. 
  She gets Well, she gets night terrors sometimes. 
  I take her in with me. 
  Katy needs her sleep. 
  And you didn't hear Katy leave? 
  You said Katy went training most mornings? 
  She got into ballet school in England. 
  She was going there in September, in two weeks. 
  She was training and training. 
  We thought she was there. 
  Is this really happening? 
  Is this happening? 
  Is this happening?! 
  [SHE SCREAMS.] 
  [SHE SCREAMS.] 
  Katy's dead. 
  Jesus Christ! 
  Family Liaison are here. 
  I'll go brief them. 
  I had them ready. 
  You pray for good news but it's never likely, is it? 
  I'm sure they'll appreciate the kindness. 
  Is Katy? 
  I'm sorry. 
  That's the dance teacher. 
  Simone Cameron. 
  - Teaches all the little girls. 
  - You know everyone. 
  Everyone and everything. 
  The curse of being old. 
  Nothing to say with Katy that it's like the other poor children? 
  - No. 
  - Well, that's something. 
  My Mammy used to say, "Course they'll never be found, "not hide nor hair. 
  " They've gone under the hill with the old ones. 
  We'll find out who did it to Katy. 
  I always liked the English. 
  There's lots that don't, but not me. 
  I always liked them. 
  Mind your feet there, now, young man. 
  Rob? 
  - We need to stop off somewhere quiet. 
  - No, we haven't got time. 
  Somewhere quiet. 
  It won't take long. 
  This isn't for us. 
  We can't do this. 
  Not this one. 
  You know what O'Kelly does to people who pass on cases? 
  - You've seen how he treats Quigley. 
  - I don't care, we're passing on it. 
  How? 
  We tell him my head is wrecked from working dead kids. 
  You back me up. 
  I'm drinking too much, my concentration's shot, I'm not sleeping. 
  My head is f*cked from all the raped, dead kids. 
  That's not true, Cass. 
  You think I can't play a psych report? 
  So, we go back and bail on it now? 
  Not right now. 
  We do the prep, set it up. 
  [HE GROANS.] 
  Gives you time to have concerns over my erratic behaviour, concerns you take discreetly to O'Kelly. 
  We set everything up, take the family through to formal identification, but then we're out. 
  Say yes, Rob, because we absolutely cannot do this one. 
  And you know why you can't do it. 
  Yes. 
  Are we OK? 
  We're always OK, Cass. 
  Always. 
  TV: A murder investigation is under way after the body of girl was found in the woods - near the local estate - [PHONE RINGS.] 
  TV: Residents of the Knocknaree estate are only too familiar with grief and heartache as, 21 years ago, again, in August, three children disappeared from the woods, And only one was ever found. 
  Nobody in Knocknaree who remembers that terrible summer will ever forget the names Peter, Germaine and Adam and now there is another name to add to that list, that of Katy [SHE CHANGES CHANNEL .] 
  We're missing our favourite programme! 
  GAME SHOW: . . and is often served in a long shallow jug known as a boat? 
  - Gravy. 
  - Correct Cathal, it's happened again. 
  Yeah? 
  What's happened again? 
  Knocknaree. 
  f*cking Christ! 
  Keep your voice down. 
  You f*cking animal! 
  Here, buy a toothbrush, buy some wet wipes and f*ck off. 
  Cathal? 
  Our evil. 
 
 
 
  Ours. 
  You, me and Jonathan. 
  The three of us, there's no escape, we can't escape. 
  Come back again and I'll have you kneecapped. 
  Is it paedos? 
  There's no immediate sign of sexual assault. 
  Cooper's doing the PM overnight, he'll be ready for us at 5am. 
  Jesus, that fella. 
  Sometimes he wouldn't give you the steam of his piss, other times he gives you the full bladder. 
  Family? 
  Door to door says they keep themselves to themselves. 
  Not drinkers, not ones to give a party. 
  Mrs Devlin looks like she's on prescription tranqs, Jessica, the twin daughter, has some sort of learning difficulty. 
  Jonathan Devlin leads the campaign to move the motorway. 
  The estate thought a lot of Katy, though. 
  One of their own doing well. 
  Yeah, well, I'm getting bollocks off the bloody press. 
  w*nk*ng themselves into a frenzy about the dig and this ancient site and is it a Satanic ritual, f*ck's sake. 
  And is it a serial killer who takes 21 years off in between crimes? 
  I hate journalists. 
  I'd quite happily set the dogs on all of them. 
  We have a body and there were no bodies recovered back then. 
  Three kids go into those woods, only one comes out alive. 
  You two get across that Peter, Germaine and Adam case. 
  Get down to the archives and pull all the files. 
  See if there's anything we missed last time round. 
  Any detail, any connection. 
  I don't care how tiny or random it is. 
  - Hound it down. 
  - We will. 
  What is wrong with you, Maddox? 
  If I had wanted female detectives to stand around and look pretty, I'd have got ones with bigger tits. 
  You don't get to speak to me like that. 
  And it's Jamie. 
  - What's Jamie? 
  - Germaine. 
  That's what she got called. 
  That's what she liked to be called, so if you're going to talk about her, have the decency to use the name she preferred. 
  Jesus! 
  Well, usually I get some smart-arse comment about, "Sure, no-one could have bigger tits than me. 
  " She hasn't been sleeping well. 
  Drinking a bit too much, if you ask me. 
  Dead kids, you know? 
  Sir. 
  Reilly? 
  She isn't going to complain to HR about me, cos it was just craic, everyone knows that. 
  I'll talk to her, Sir. 
  What's that? 
  From the ballet teacher. 
  Simone Cameron. 
  From Katy's farewell performance. 
  So, O'Kelly? 
  Well, he doesn't give a sh1t about your erratic behaviour. 
  He's just scared you'll complain to HR. 
  I like when he's scared! 
  We agreed. 
  It's the right thing. 
  I didn't say a word. 
  - Peter! 
  - Peter! 
  - Jamie! 
  - Jamie! 
  [DOG BARKS.] 
  Adam! 
  Adam! 
  [DOGS BARK.] 
  Jamie! 
  Adam! 
  - Peter! 
  Jamie! 
  Peter! 
  - Peter! 
  Sarge, over here! 
  His feet aren't cut. 
  It's not his blood. 
  No cuts on his back either. 
  Jesus, Heather! 
  You woke me up. 
  You know I'm a light sleeper. 
  Sorry. 
  Something you want, Heather? 
  There is, actually. 
  Could you not smoke in your room? 
  Really aggravates my asthma. 
  - You have asthma? 
  Oh, no. 
  - Yeah. 
  You never told me that. 
  Have you got a puffer? 
  No. 
  sh1t, Heather! 
  You should have a puffer if you're asthmatic! 
  This is dangerous! 
  You could die! 
  We should get you to a hospital right now, grab your jacket, I'll drive you! 
  Could you just not smoke in your room? 
  Yeah, sure. 
  And that is mine. 
  See, the H? 
  Oh, yeah. 
  Thought it was an R. 
  It's a bit like how you thought you had asthma but it was just a bit of a tickly cough and a good suck on a lozenge will sort you right out. 
  The cheese you had in there went green, so, chucked it out. 
  It's your turn to buy bleach and loo roll. 
  OK. 
  And those are my peas, too. 
  Asshole! 
  - [CAR HORN HONKS AGGRESSIVELY.] 
  - Get out of the f*cking way! 
  Sorry to wake you up, Cass. 
  I think the moral of the story for you here is don't screw your landlady. 
  I didn't think she'd take it out on the cheddar. 
  Be thankful that's all she's taking it out on. 
  Let's not pretend it's been a normal day. 
  Yeah, all right. 
  Rosalind Devlin. 
  What about her? 
  She wasn't wearing a bra. 
  What, you didn't notice? 
  Did I notice that the teenage sister of a murdered kid wasn't wearing a bra? 
  How f*cking dark do you think I am? 
  Well, I did! 
  I am that f*cking dark. 
  She wasn't wearing a bra. 
  And those clothes. 
  Those f*cking clothes. 
  What are you thinking? 
  Are you changing your mind about passing on it? 
  O'Kelly wanted me to come. 
  Report straight back to him if it's, you know Feckin' paedos. 
  Nice that he let you out of the building. 
  He wants Cooper to tell him I puked up, so he can laugh at me. 
  He's a b*st*rd. 
  Just breathe through your mouth, Quigley. 
  So, stomach contents, a meal consisting of beans on toast. 
  Classic dish, I enjoy it myself. 
  Advanced digestive process, so eaten a good five hours before death. 
  And a chocolate biscuit. 
  Initial digestive process. 
  So, her killer could have given it to her, then? 
  Or she could have taken it from her house. 
  A snack for the walk. 
  Even I have a biscuit tin. 
  So, two blows with an object of considerable weight. 
  The first grazes the right-hand side at the back of her skull. 
  Second blow was more forceful, landing just behind and above the left ear. 
  A lot of blood, though neither blow were enough to Are you going to vomit, Detective Quigley? 
  All right, so, what did kill her, then? 
  This is what killed her. 
  Some material, probably a plastic bag, was placed over her head, twisted at the top of the spine and held in place. 
  Petechial haemorrhage to the eyes and the surface of the lungs means that I can confidently assert that cause of death was suffocation, complicated by blunt force trauma. 
  Though there is a time lapse between the trauma to the head and the suffocation. 
  Perhaps about an hour and a half, during which time she was undoubtedly still living. 
  Did she know what was happening? 
  Abrasions to the knees, hip, elbows are consistent with struggle. 
  There was also bruising and tooth marks on the inside her mouth consistent with the perpetrator pressing a hand over her mouth. 
  No secondary lividity so the position she was found in, was the position she was kept in. 
  Time of death, I would, say between midnight and 2am on 24th of August 2006, meaning that she was kept somewhere sheltered before being carried into the woods to be discovered at 7:45am on 25th of August 2006. 
  She wasn't raped? 
  No sign of any violation? 
  No. 
  The child, in that respect at least, is untouched. 
  She'll be ready for formal identification later this morning. 
  I'll ring O'Kelly. 
  Oh, sweetheart. 
  Your little feet. 
  [PHONE RINGS.] 
  VOICEMAIL: Hi, this is Cassandra Maddox. 
  Please leave me message. 
  MAN: Hey, it's me. 
  I was hoping to catch you before you went to Cooper. 
  I'm guessing you've got your phone turned off. 
  Just checking you're OK. 
  See you later. 
  I'll get a shower and a change of clothes. 
  I have to wash the smell of that place off me. 
  Get flowers. 
  Make sure you get flowers. 
  And give her a hug, Rob. 
  [SHE SWITCHES ON RADIO.] 
  MUSIC: Run, Run [SHE TURNS RADIO OFF.] 
  Hello, Mum. 
  Hello, Adam. 
  You need to be careful calling me that. 
  Adam? 
  Adam? 
  Where are Peter and Jamie? 
  Their mammies and daddy are desperate. 
  Where are they? 
  What happened? 
  - Adam! 
  Adam! 
  Where are they? 
  - Leave him alone! 
  - Where's my Jamie? 
  - Just go away! 
  What happened, Adam? 
  - Adam, please - Leave him alone. 
  - Where are they? 
  - He doesn't know! 
  [SHE CONTINUES BANGING AND SHOUTING.] 
  Adam, please! 
  Be a good boy, Adam. 
  I know this is a big change, we're going to make a success of it, aren't we Adam? 
  My middle name's Robert. 
  I want to be Robert now. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 