Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - The Smile - Homeland 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - The Smile https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=54&t=14128 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/04/12 07:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - The Smile 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 President Reagan :  Air and naval forces of the United States launched a series of strikes against terrorist facilities... 
 Reporter :  Pan Am Flight 103 crashed into the town of Lockerbie. 
 Reagan :  He has sanctioned acts of terror in Africa, Europe, the Middle East. 
 President George H.W. Bush :  This will not stand, this aggression against, uh, Kuwait. 
 Reagan : This relentless pursuit of terror. President George H.W. Bush :  We will make no distinction... Reporter :  The USS  Cole  was attacked while refueling in the port of Aden. This was an act of terrorism. It was a despicable and cowardly act. The next samba we're going to swing for you  is one of the good old favorites. ...until something stops him. Carrie :  I'm just making sure we don't get hit again. Man :  That plane crashed into the World Trade Center. Thousands of people running. We must and we will remain vigilant at home and abroad. (speaking Arabic) Saul :  What the f*ck are you doing? Carrie :  f*ck! Carrie :  I missed something once before. I won't... I let that happen again. Saul :  It was ten years ago. Everyone missed something that day. Carrie :  Everyone's not me. Previously on (man speaks Arabic) Soldier : What did you say? I'm an American. It turns out he's one of ours. Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody, MIA since early 2003 and presumed dead..ntil now. Hi, Dad. Carrie : Did you ever meet him? Brody : Abu Nazir? Was he ever present during any of your interrogations? No. So Abu Nazir's resurfacing Dad...  If he is a terrorist, we need eyes an ears on Brody from the minute he steps off that plane. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, I know you. Hey, look, I'm not going back in if it means you can't go back in. That's not necessary. Maybe we can hold our own private meeting out here. How's that sound? It's tempting. How about your wife? I can't be with her,  but I can with you. The f*cking CIA thinks I'm working for Al-Qaeda? I think you're working for Al-Qaeda. I was broken, living in the dark for years, and a man walked in. And he was kind to me. And you became his follower? Brody :  For the last time, Carrie, I am not what you think I am. Nazir :  I pray every day that you never lose sight of what you committed to do in Issa's name. Man :  The switch is here. Wait until the last second before you open it. Brody :  I read that part of the blast goes upward  toward here-- point of weakness. There is a bigger, pernicious, Abu Nazir-worthy plot out there, and we have little time. We have to code it, collide it, collapse it, contain it. Maggie :  She's bipolar. She's stable on her meds. Why didn't she ever tell me? She said no one at work could know. Your office at Langley is being cleared as we speak. I am about to solve this f*cking thing. What are you doing here? It's about your dad. Was he hit? - He is with the vice president and other innocent people. He is going to kill them if we don't stop them. Okay, the world is about to end and we're standing around, talking! Do not move. (overlapping shouting) Saul, you have to listen to me. The woman that was hit-- she is not the target. Right now they're putting the vice president and his team in a single small space. They're supposed to be safe there but they're not. They're vulnerable. Say the holy words. Remember Issa. Got a call for you from your daughter. Dana, I got to call you back. No, Dad, no, there was this crazy woman at our house. Dad, she said that you're a terrorist. You have to promise me that you're coming home, Dad. I'm coming home, Dana. I know about your condition. You need to get some help. I am. And you need to stay away from me. Good-bye, Brody. I can't live like this anymore. It needs to stop. What about the side effects-- memory loss? Saul, I've made up my mind. (beeping) Foreign Correspondent : Countering criticism from the international community, the Israeli government continues to defend its successful bombing of five Iranian nuclear facilities. Demonstrators held protests outside of U.S. embassies over the American government's support of Israel. I told you to turn it off. IDF spokesman Yigal Nitzani called Iran's claim of 3,000 casualties "a gross exaggeration meant to stir international outrage..." Dad. "...against Israel in its..." (turns TV off) It's not like she doesn't know what's going on over there. Maggie : Of course she does. But why wave it in her face? I mean, she's finally gotten to a good place. Depends how you define good. What do you mean? I think her lithium levels are too high. That is for her and Dr. Rosenberg to decide. When mine were too high, I couldn't read for six months. Stay out of it. Puttering around in that stupid garden like your mother used to do. (door opens) Morning, guys. Hey, want some pancakes? No, thanks. You sure? Yeah, I've got a bunch of exams to grade before class, and, Dad, you can turn the TV back on now. Oh. What did I tell you? ♪ ♪ (overlapping shouting) Saul : You said a woman gave this to our cutout. You didn't say who. Man : That's the thing, sir, we don't know. What do you mean you don't know? She contacted us with a priority three code-- intelligence about an attack on U.S. interests. Someone in this station must be running her. Except no one has any idea who she is. We were hoping you might. Let me show you. I've never seen her before. Man : Well, she wants a face-to-face at one of our designated dead drops. When? In two hours. (shouting continues) Get the car ready. You're gonna drop me outside. Sir, the last unconfirmed asset we trusted blew himself up with five of our officers. Shouldn't we work our sources, - find out who she is first? Two days ago Israel bombed five nuclear sites deep inside Iran. Ayatollahs are not amused. They have climbed into their minbars, vowed to retaliate against the West. You're saying it's not a coincidence this woman comes forward now. I'm saying it's not a coincidence we can ignore. I'll get the car. (shouting continues) (honks horn) (speaking farsi) I think we got company. You'd think they'd at least change out their follow car. (honks horn) ♪ ♪ (man speaks Arabic) (Saul speaks Arabic) (crowd chatter) Why are you running away? I came here 'cause you wanted to talk. You are confusing me with someone else. I don't think so. You said you had information about an attack. No, Aaron, that's not what I'm saying. I've just been trying to get some sort of conformation. Well, get him on the phone. Betsy : Sir. Morning, Betsy. Who? (whispering): The Vice President. Mr. Vice President. (door closes) Congressman. I understand the wives are becoming fast friends. Oh, Mrs. Walden's been great, sir. Getting Dana and Chris into school, helping with their scholarships. Well, that's what Cynthia does. Now it's our turn. Sir? Build some mutual trust. Within the hour, my campaign is going to float your name as a potential running mate on the ticket. Assuming you're interested, of course. Are you're serious? This is for real? We've got a long way to go to the convention, and there's other hats in the ring, but I believe you're the future of the party. So I'll ask you again. Are you interested? Hell, yes. That's the answer I was looking for the first time! Understood, sir. Thank you. There is one other thing. I had you vetted by my search committee, background checked by the FBI. Turned you inside out. (sighing) What did we miss, Nick? What flaw in your character, what deep abiding secret? I need to know. I need to know now. I've been in a Taliban hole, sir, for eight years. I didn't get much of a chance to misbehave. Fair enough, but here's what people are gonna say about that. You were a prisoner a long time. Too long. You're damaged goods. You really want me to respond to that? You can hit a curveball. That's good. Expect my office to send over a preliminary schedule. First up are the Sunday talk shows. I'm also arranging an intelligence briefing. I want you prepped for the inevitable questions about the crisis in the Middle East. I appreciate that, sir. And good luck. (door opens) (door closes) Nice work, Hana. Thank you. You, too, Hakem. Almost perfect, Omar. Watch out for the extra pronoun, though. It's not: "Those are the sunglasses I want to buy them." It's: "Those are the sunglasses I want to buy." Those are the sunglasses I want to buy. Good. (knock on door) Uh... I'll be right back. Excuse me. What do you want? How are you, Carrie? I'm fine. Hey, I'm sorry I never stopped by the hospital. I always meant to. Don't worry about it. I wasn't exactly having a party. What do you want? Estes needs to see you. Tell him to f*ck off. Don't you even want to know what this is about? No. Come on, Carrie. What am I supposed to tell him? Tell him he was right. Tell him I never belonged in CIA in the first place. Sorry, everybody. Uh, yes, Omar? (speaks Arabic) Uh, he wasn't anybody. He's on the short list. That's all we really know right now. Uh, Senator Laughton, I think? (laughing): No, no, I mean, it's all good. We're just in a complete state of shock over here. Listen, Jean, I have to go, but thanks for calling, and please thank Martin. Bye. The phone has been ringing all day. You would not believe who's coming out of the woodwork. Guess how many friend requests I got today? How many? Three hundred. That's a lot of friends. Chris, please tell Dana that your father's home. Dana! And please don't yell. Just go get her. My God, Brody, Vice President of the United States? Let's not get carried away. Walden's just floating my name. They said you didn't have enough experience to be Walden's running mate. I don't. I think he's just using my name to help sell the public on taking a harder line with Iran. Still, just the fact that he's mentioning your name in public. That's pretty incredible. Well. After everything you've been through. Everything we've all been through. Hey, you sure you want this? You know, being a member of Congress is... It wouldn't be easy on the family. I get that, but I'd be lying if I said this hasn't been fun. Dana : I'll be back in, like, an hour. Do you have anything you want to say to your father? Congratulations. Thank you. Where are you going? Dinner. Jessica : With who? (murmurs): Xander. Can you speak up, please? Xander. How come you never go out with friends from your new school? Because I don't have any friends at my new school. Are you done interrogating me? (sighs) It's okay. Her attitude sucks. Yeah, she's 16. When I was 16, I was working two jobs, saving money for junior college. Yeah? I was repeating my sophomore year in high school. You were, weren't you? Oh, yeah. Carrie, where have you been? I've been trying you and trying you. How come you didn't answer your phone? I turned it off. (sighs) Saul Berenson's been calling all afternoon. Did he say what he wanted? No. Just that it's important he speak to you. (phone line ringing) Saul : Hello? Saul, it's me. Carrie. Thanks for getting back. I'm guessing this isn't a social call. No. What's going on? I can't talk. We're on an open line, but we need your help. I know. I hate myself for even asking. Well, can't it wait until tomorrow? I'm afraid not. David Estes is sitting outside your house right now. Well, tonight is Thursday. I cook dinner for the family on Thursdays. I'm making vegetable lasagna with vegetables I picked this morning from the garden. (sighs) Don't make me talk to him, Saul. I don't ever want to see him again. I've put all of that away. Please, Carrie. God, why are you doing this to me?! (sighs) I want you to know, Carrie, this is much appreciated. Just get it over with, okay? There's a photo inside I'd like you to take a look at. Do you recognize her? Yeah. I recognize her. Why? Who is she? Fatima Ali, first wife of Abbas Ali. The Hezbollah district commander. How do you know her? I recruited her, that's how. Yet there's no record of her ever being an agent of yours. Well, I ran her off book. Why? Because I was interested in keeping her alive. Our networks there were blown, if you remember. It was right around the time we lost Garrett Hedges. How did you make your approach to her? Carefully, over a matter of months. I first spotted her at the Acadamie des Beaux-Arts. She had a weakness for American movies. She loved Julia Roberts. And did she turn out to be a valuable asset? I was transferred to Baghdad before I had a chance to find out. So your last contact with her was when? March, 2005. It was right before I left Beirut. I was trying to farm her out to another case officer. And? She wouldn't go for it. She said I was the only one she could trust. So she's been a dead agent ever since? As far as I know, yeah. Well, apparently, she came back to life yesterday, and with information about an attack on America. Tell me. Unfortunately, that's all I know. Well, what do you mean? Well, she's refusing to speak to anybody but you. (scoffs) Look, Carrie, I, uh, hear you're doing well, making good progress... David, I've had a long day. If you're gonna ask me to go to Beirut, just ask me already. You'll be back in three days. We just need you to go meet with your asset, find out what she knows. After all the sh1t you dragged me through? The unceremonious humiliating way you ran me out of the agency? I didn't come here to open old wounds, and just so we're clear, this isn't you getting your job back. This is you being a good citizen. Just so we're clear, I haven't said yes yet. Carrie, please, this is crazy. Believe me, I wouldn't be going if I had a choice. You do have a choice. You always have a choice. Not-not this time. Carrie, you're just starting to get back on your feet. You're not ready for this. Don't you think I know that? Regular sleep and meals, avoiding stress, a schedule. These are the things that have been working so well for you. At least call Dr. Rosenberg before you make a decision. I've already decided. I don't understand how you can trust these people for one minute after what they did to you. I trust Saul. He'll be there to hold my hand, and it's only for a few days. You say this is about patriotism, but we both know that's not the whole story. Part of you wants to do this. Frank : Let her go, Maggie. I'm worried she's gonna wind up back in the hospital. Let her go. (whispering): Thanks, Dad. Be safe, sweetheart. (engine starting) 
 
 Carrie Mathison, Major Joy Mendez; she'll be traveling with you to Cyprus. I'll take your bag, ma'am. Thank you, Major. Call me Joy. If you don't call me ma'am. (knocking on door) Come in. Roya Hammad is doing a story on veepstakes. She wants 15 minutes of your time. When? Now. She was just down the hall in Senator Laughton's office. She's waiting outside. All right, bring her in. Hi, Roya. Congressman Brody. Please. You want me in on this or... Uh, no, I'll be fine. (door closes) So... So, been an extraordinary couple of days, wouldn't you say? Depends. On what? On whether or not I actually have a shot at the nomination. Well, Senator Laughton thinks you do, and he's not too happy about it. (laughs) But that's not why I'm here. Congressman, do you tape what's said in this office? Do you have any hidden recording devices or video cameras? No. Why do you ask? Because we need to speak privately. Oh, you mean off the record? I mean privately. About Abu Nazir. He sends his best regards. Excuse me? Relax, Congressman. I'm a friend. Friend of whose? I'm sorry. I have no idea what you're talking about. Of Nazir's. Our families have been close since 1947. They were refugees from Palestine together. (clears throat) I'm gonna have to ask you to leave now. Issa's birthday is Monday. He would have been 13 had he survived the drone strike. Do you remember what you gave him for his tenth birthday? He was scared of the big, black crows that perched on the villa walls. You made him a slingshot. What do you want? It's want Nazir want-- your help. My help? Yes. David Estes is briefing you tomorrow morning on homeland security. There's a safe in his office containing the encryption key to a database of potential targets. The code to Estes' safe. If you need these, you must be planning to hit one of these targets. I told Nazir I would influence lawmakers through my access. That is what I'm doing, and that is what we agreed to. I know what you agreed to. I am not a terrorist. There's a difference between terrorism and a justifiable act of retaliation. I will not help you in the killing of innocent civilians. What about the 3,000 civilians Israel just killed in Iran? Everybody knows those numbers are bullshit. The point is blatant aggression against a sovereign nation cannot go unanswered. Even if I agreed... if  I agreed to do this, I can't open Estes' safe while he's in the office. You'll have your chance. Nicholas, we're at war. You need to choose sides. Abu Nazir knows which side I'm on. I killed Tom Walker. And I'm sure some part of you hoped it would end there. If your allegiance is truly with us, this is your chance to prove it. Contact me when you have the target list. (door opens) I couldn't sleep last night. All I could think about was Israel bombing Iran to try to stop Iran from bombing them. The whole logic of that just makes me want to scream. I think maybe the whole human race is insane. Uh... I think sometimes military force is necessary. I mean, the Iranian president keeps saying he wants to wipe Israel off the map, so..hey have every right to defend themselves. Plus the Arab religion doesn't value human life the way we do. I mean, we're the infidel, right? And these Arabs believe if they kill us, they get to go to heaven. And we're supposed to let... They're not Arabs. Iranians aren't Arabs, they're Persians. Dana, I realize you're new here, but Quaker meeting has rules. The main one is to remain silent between statements so we can each contemplate what's been said and what we want to say. You can speak when Tad sits. Persians, Arabs, what's the difference? They both want the same thing, which is to annihilate us. Why shouldn't we hit them first? Maybe with a nuke or two of our own. Douche. Did she just call me a douche? We don't tolerate name-calling. And what about mass murder? Do we tolerate that? I mean, because that's what he's really saying, isn't it? He was just talking. He's talking about turning Tehran into a parking lot. Dana, that's enough. Who do you think you are and what do you know about any of this anyways? What do you know? Well, what if I told you my dad is undersecretary of state? Yeah, well, what if I told you my dad's a Muslim? Right, and mine's a Scientologist. (laughter) Teacher : All right. That's enough. Mendez : Okay, Carrie, this is the last one. One, two, three. Spell it. Two Rs, two Ss, and an EY. Morrissey. Mother's maiden name? Uh... (sighs) Hold on, I know this one. It's DeCarlo. (groans) Can we start again? Sure. (sighs) My name is Kate Morrissey. I was born on October 16, 1981. Where? Uh, in Ottawa at the Queensway Carlton Hospital. But you grew up in... Calgary. The hockey team there is... (sighs) I don't follow hockey. You do if you live in Calgary. The Flames. Mother's maiden name? f*ck. f*ck. It's DeCarlo. Right, DeCarlo, um, like the olive oil. DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo. Want to take a break? (sighs) I think I want to go home. I understand, and you will be home in a short 72 hours. When's my meet with Saul again? We're still working on it. Instructions will be waiting for you when you get to your hotel room. At the Commodore. Correct. You fly commercially into Rafic-Hariri tomorrow afternoon, you grab a cab downtown, and you check into the Commodore. What's wrong? I don't eat meat. (sighs) Jessica : Good, you're home. Dana! Why? What is it? Her dean called today. Something the three of us need to talk about. Dana, get in here now. Dana : I'm coming. You don't have to yell. So your dean called? You want to tell him? No, go ahead. I mean, you obviously know everything... She got into a fight. It wasn't a fight. At morning meeting. I didn't start anything. Just a couple of morons that... They are not morons. Actually, yeah, they are. Finn Walden was one of them, the vice president's son. See? Look, she is just terrified of causing any sort of trouble with Mrs. Walden, - her new best friend. Hey, wait, what did they say? You know I'd rather stick with what Dana said. She said you're a Muslim. Dana : And I didn't mean it. Jessica : Then why say it? To guarantee everyone at your new school thinks you're out of your mind? To make it impossible for me to show my face there? To blow up your father's relationship with the vice president? Really, I want to know. Are you that starved for attention? Mom, I said it was a mistake. A mistake? No one believed it. That's not the point. I want to know why you would say such a thing? No, don't look at him. I'm asking you, right here. Are you deliberately trying to crash and burn? Is that it? Do we need to send you to a shrink? Jessica, stop. No, seriously. I want to know why she would say such an insane thing. Because it's true. What? Dana : Dad, I'm so sorry. I really did not mean to say anything, it just slipped out. Wait... I didn't want to tell you because I knew it would upset you. But you told Dana? No. No, she saw me praying one day..n the garage. The garage? Jessica. Dad... I didn't mean to. I know. It's okay. Jess. It makes so much sense now, why you spend so much f*cking time in here. Do you want to know why? Does it matter? It does to me. What matters is you lied to me. Every time that you came in here you were lying to me. No. Yes, Brody, yes. Do you know how f*cked up that is? Do you know how much that hurts? I'm sorry. I-I don't understand. These are the people who tortured you. These are the people who if they found out Dana and Xander were having s*x, they would stone her to death in a soccer stadium. That's not supposed to touch the floor. Did you actually just say that? I thought you put this crazy stuff behind you. I thought we were getting somewhere. We are. No, we're not. I married a U.S. Marine. This..his can't happen. You have a wife, two kids. You're a congressman in the running to be vice president. It cannot happen. You get that, right? Yeah, Jess, I do. Does she know? Who? The CIA woman..ou were with. Does she know you're Muslim? Why are you even asking me that? Because she stood on our lawn and said a bunch of things I'm remembering all of a sudden. Jess, that woman..as fired by the CIA and locked up in a mental institution. ♪ ♪ Carrie. Carrie. Hey. Wake up. Oh, what time is it? 2:30. In the afternoon? Yeah. We're moving out in a little over an hour. I need you to get up now. You gonna be ready by then? No problem. Okay. Sir. Please take off your jacket and remove anything from your pockets. We'll need to retain your cell phone, sir, till you leave. Thank you very much. Step through. She seemed okay when I saw her. In Virginia, in the bosom of her family where her mental state is coddled and cared for. Now she's 6,000 miles away. Mendez is there, she doesn't think Carrie's up to it. Is this Mendez talking or you? It's both of us. We've been through this, Saul. We have no other options. No good ones, I admit, but if Carrie f*cks up this operation then we have none. (door opens) Can we push back 24 hours? For what reason? I'm still waiting to hear from two sources. Maybe one of them's gotten wind of something. That married couple? The professors with the American University? They're not sources, Saul, they're dinner guests. You said so yourself. Look, I know you're worried about Carrie. I am, too. But we got the wife of Hezbollah commander who says she has intel about an attack against America. You still there? I'm here. The mission clock starts in an hour. When the door opens, I need you to walk Carrie through it. Sorry I'm late. I got held up by a call. No, I appreciate you taking the time. I'm sure you got your hands full. And I was just getting used to calling you Congressman. Oh, the convention's still months away. A lot can happen between now and then. I doubt the vice president would be taking such a personal interest in prepping you unless he was serious about your prospects. Please, have a seat. So, uh, I understand you used to work together when he ran the agency-- the vice president. Bill Walden's the reason I'm in this job. He pulled me off a division desk to help him run the drone program back when we only had eight Predators over Baghdad. How many do you have now? How many? Predators. I don't know, 8,000? 9,000? You lost count? Al-Qaeda's been gutted because of those drones. That's what matters, right? Right. (knocking on door) Come in. I'm sorry for interrupting, sir, but we've got a time sensitive matter. What is it? Oh, you can speak freely, as long as it's not classified. Roya Hammad-- she's filing an on-air story tonight and she wants a comment. What? Now? She's in the pressroom. Media Relations should be handling this. They tried. They sent down the Public Affairs officer, but the DCI just weighed in, wants you to talk to her. I am sorry to keep apologizing, but I need to take care of this. No, do what you got to do. You can wait here, I won't be long. Can I get you anything? Coffee? Water? No, I'm good. Thanks. (door closes) (beeps) (sighs) (door opening) (low, indistinct talking) Deputy Director? Ms. Hammad, what can I do for you? Please. You can confirm or deny reports that only four of the targeted Iranian nuclear facilities were actually destroyed, and that the fifth is still operational. Reports from who? Multiple sources inside the government. Ours or theirs? (door opening, closing in distance) We're breaking the story tonight on  World News  with or without a statement from the agency. Oh, do what you have to do, but if I were you, I'd sit on it. Unless you're okay with being wrong about the facts. What do you mean? Have a nice weekend, Ms. Hammad. You know I'm close, so at least help me get it right. Not a chance. How about dinner then? Saturday night? Cafe Milano. I've got a standing reservation for two. 8:00. You can ply me with wine, feed me pasta. I still won't divulge classified intelligence. No worries. I'm sure we could find something else to talk about. All right. Is that a yes? Yes. Saturday. (door closes) Estes : Tell Korman he needs to do damage control. See if he can give Roya something else. Get her to sit on the story until we can find out who leaked this. (clears throat) Everything okay? Uh, yeah, fine. Traveling alone? Miss Morrissey? I'm sorry? I asked if you're traveling alone. Uh, yes. You have anything to declare? No. Hotel Commodore. (elevator bell dings) (sighs) (breathing loudly) (sighs) (crowd chatter, music playing) (phone rings) Carrie? Sorry I'm late. Half the streets are shut down. Yeah. People are pissed. So I've noticed. How was your flight? A little bumpy. But you made it. Yeah. It's just like old times. Carrie, listen to me carefully. You need to walk past the cafe. Do not stop. Why? I got company. You hear me? Uh, yeah. There's a safe house on El Ghadin. 2218. I'll meet you there when I lose them. Okay. Repeat the address. Uh, 2212 El Ghadin. 2218. Uh, 2218. (speaking Arabic) sh1t. (sighs) They may have made you, Carrie. There's a man with a gray jacket, yellow stripes crossing El Barghout. His partner's still on me, so I'm pinned here, but you'll be okay. Dump your radio phone, let him take you into custody. Your cover will hold until we get the ambassador. I can lose him, Saul. If you run, you'll only make it worse. If they arrest me, this mission is blown. Don't worry about that now. Carrie? Carrie? (speaking Arabic) (speaking Arabic) (speaking Arabic) (panting) (speaking Arabic) (sighs) (crickets chirping) (sighs) (speaking Arabic) Dana : Dad? What are you doing? Your mom threw my Koran on the floor, tore some pages. It's desecrated. So I'm burying it out of respect. Here, Dad, let me help. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 