Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Crossfire - Homeland 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Crossfire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=54&t=14124 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/01/11 21:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Crossfire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 President Reagan :  Air and naval forces of the United States launched a series of strikes against terrorist facilities... 
 Reporter :  Pan Am Flight 103 crashed into the town of Lockerbie. 
 Reagan :  He has sanctioned acts of terror in Africa, Europe, the Middle East. 
 President George H.W. Bush :  This will not stand, this aggression against, uh, Kuwait. 
 Reagan : This relentless pursuit of terror. President George H.W. Bush :  We will make no distinction... Reporter :  The  USS Cole  was attacked while refueling in the port of Aden. This was an act of terrorism. It was a despicable and cowardly act. The next samba we're going to swing for you  is one of the good old favorites. Until something stops him. Woman :  I'm just making sure we don't get hit again. Man :  That plane crashed into the World Trade Center. Thousands of people running. We must and we will remain vigilant at home and abroad. (speaking Arabic) Saul :  What the f*ck are you doing? God! Carrie :  f*ck! I missed something once before. I won't... I let that happen again. Saul :  It was ten years ago. Everyone missed something that day. Carrie :  Everyone's not me. Previously, on You're telling me the f*cking CIA thinks I'm working for Al Qaeda? I  think you're working for Al Qaeda. Brody :  Ask me anything.  What goes on in your garage? Why do you go there so late at night,  so early in the morning? To pray. You're a Muslim? Why did they kill Walker and not you? I killed him. Carrie :  Who told you to kill him? Brody :  Abu Nazir.  So you meet him. We were wrong about Brody. A POW  was  turned. It wasn't him. Aileen just I.D.'d Tom Walker. Tom Walker died! No. He's the terrorist. Helen :  Tom was dead. That's what they told me. What we need to do is find him before anything happens. Oh, baby, I've done a horrible thing. No, Helen, no. Don't. Don't! They're tracing this call. You've got to get out of there! (tires squealing) Gun! Carrie :  The tac team followed Walker here. Two casualties. Local Muslims here for morning prayer. Tv Newswoman : Congressman Richard Johnson, caught in a sexting scandal sending nude and semi-nude pictures of himself to a number of congressional interns. He'll be gone in two days. I have an idea who might replace him. Are you crazy? You people told me Walker was dead. I-I don't... My friend! (screams) You told me I killed him! You made me believe! I don't know! You have to talk to Abu Nazir! (grunting) I'm through talking with Nazir. Tell him it's over. (mellow country music playing quietly) (dialing) (vacuum humming loudly, phone vibrating) Hey, Jess. It's me. I'm in the store. What's... I think it says Vitamin Water? What is that, some kind of medicine? If you get this in the next few minutes, will you call me back? Thanks. (vacuum stops) You finish your homework? I just can't believe that Tom Walker is really actually alive. I know. It seems crazy. What's Dad say? So far, not a whole lot. Well, have you even asked him? Yes, Dana, of course I've asked him. He can't believe it. He says there's got to be some mistake. It's not the first time the FBI have gotten it wrong. Yeah, but what if they're right? Two Marines are captured and one comes back a terrorist? Dad must be going out of his mind. Did you find everything you're looking for today, sir? Yes, thank you. You're welcome. Just one thing. Yeah. What does that say? Vitamin Water. What is that? It's-It's good. It's like flavored water. Would you like me to get someone to find it for you? What flavor? I don't know, what you got? Um... Hey, you're that Marine war hero guy, right? (cell phone ringing) (grunts) (car alarm wailing) (grunts) (cell phone continues ringing) (groans) (grunts) (panting) (speaks Arabic) (groans) (panting) (speaks Arabic) Imam : We have nothing to do but pray for our brothers, that they were going to heaven for God. And the FBI said that they were fired at first. Which is a lie. (crowd murmuring) The truth is, they shot and killed two innocent people in a house of worship. Without provocation. Reporter : What about the man they were chasing-- Tom Walker? What do you know about him? All any of us know is that a stranger ran through our mosque being chased by FBI agents while we were gathering for morning prayers. Reporter : Have you been told the names of the agents who fired the shots? Imam : No, we're still awaiting a full investigation. We don't know anything yet. (crowd clamoring) Imam : No, sir. We do not condone hate. Or violence. Hall : Ms. Mathison. Special Agent Hall. I asked to meet the SWAT team commander, the man who was on the ground for this. And you got me. His boss. How can I help? Would you mind taking your shoes off, please? What are we doing here, exactly? Everything we can to catch Walker. You're aware there's an FBI manhunt up and running. All 56 field offices, canceled leave... The reason why I asked to meet the actual SWAT commander is because I need him to walk me through exactly what happened here. Which he already did with me. So, Walker comes in from the alley, through this door here. And we already know he was armed, because he stole a gun from one of your men. And? Did Walker open fire first? Yes. Yet the imam is standing out there, telling the world that's a lie. The imam? It's his word against mine. He also says that neither he nor any of his flock know Walker. Which is not true. Do you want to know why? Please. Walk with me. He hauls ass down these stairs to a service corridor that goes left to a janitor's storage room, or right, doubling back underneath the building to a bilko door on Raum Street, all the way on the east side of the building. Son of a bitch goes right. He knew exactly where the f*ck he was going. You following me on this so far? He knows this mosque. Correct. And probably a lot of people that come here, too. Assalamo alliakum. Wa 'aliakum-as-salam. Imam, let me begin by saying how deeply sorry I am for your loss. Losses. Plural. There were two dead. Imam, my name is Carrie Mathison. Another government official here to suggest that if we weren't all guilty, one way or another, none of this would have happened. Right? I'm also well aware of your good work in this neighborhood, beyond just here in the mosque. Then you should know how violated we all feel. I do. Yes. I have seven eyewitnesses, including myself, who saw what happened. Please forgive me, but my job right now, my only job, is to catch this man Walker as soon as possible. He did not fire a single shot at the agents. He was moving too fast, trying to get away from them. Either Walker was very lucky to get away as quickly as he did, or he knew this mosque well enough to use it as an escape route. I have families to comfort. I have funerals to arrange. I have a community who believes they will never get justice for what happened. If you do know Walker, or anything about him, or anyone who might..hatever you tell us, no matter how small, would be in total confidence. And yet you offer me nothing in return. What do you mean by that? Specifically. Just so I'm clear. Two families will get no justice, unless the FBI tells the truth about how they killed two innocent people who were doing nothing but pray. In other words, you do know something. Good-bye, Ms. Mathison. Mr. Galvez. He knows Walker. You saw that, right? I'm not crazy? You're not crazy. (sighs) I don't give a sh1t what it takes, that imam is going to talk to me. What it takes? He wants a full FBI mea culpa. Good luck with that. (kettle whistling) It's not medicine, it's a drink. Dana likes the "Revive" flavor, and Chris likes the "Energy" one. And Dana's been asking a lot about Tom Walker. It's all over the Internet, and I don't really have any answers, so if you can come home as soon as you can... Oh, um, I told Chris that I would take him to a movie if he got all his homework done today. He specifically asked if you would come, too, so..ust... call me back. Okay? ♪ ♪ (panting) ♪ ♪ (gasps) (panting) This is your new home now. Come. (water running) ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ (door opens) This is Issa, my son. Assalamo Alliakum. Issa... (speaks Arabic) Issa. (speaks Arabic) I want him to learn English, fluently. You will live here with him as long as it takes. (door opens) (door closes) I have no clue how to do this. I'm not a teacher. (doorbells jingle) We have a problem. (chuckles): Hey. What, are you stalking me now? How'd you find me here? They spent years training me. Ah. So, what's the problem? The imam. He'll calm down in a day or two. I don't have a day or two. He says your men fired first. I know what he's saying. He has seven eyewitnesses, including himself, saying Walker didn't shoot, or even raise a weapon at them. And? I believe he's withholding information about Walker. You people have rubber hoses, don't you? He's a good man caught in a bad situation. He runs a mosque that a terrorist suspect used as an escape route. He wants justice for the men who were killed, for which I think he'll tell me what he knows about Walker. Justice? W... What does that mean? (sighs) Well, for one thing it means compensation for the families. Look, if one of your men made a mistake, you need to come clean. Let me ask you something. You ever been in a firefight? Yes. Okay. So, my men follow an armed terrorist suspect, based off intel provided by you people, at zero dark-thirty into a f*cking building that they don't even know is a mosque. In seconds, a member of the team thinks he has a clear shot at bringing down a terrorist, and he takes it. Accidentally, he drops two civilians in the crossfire. sh1t happens. But if you think that I or the bureau are gonna let the CIA come in and throw any of my guys under the bus, you're f*cking high. Hey. Hey, Issa, come closer. Don't be afraid. Come on. Want to play? Hey. Hey, you know how to do this? Can you do this? Yeah? Want to learn? Yeah? Look. Soccer ball. It's a soccer ball. Soccer. Can you say that? Soccer. Soccer... Hey. Hey. Hey, Issa. Hey, wait. Hall  (recorded):  Accidentally, he drops two civilians in the crossfire. sh1t happens. But if you think that I or the bureau are gonna let the CIA come in and throw any of my guys under the bus, you're f*cking high. You're really f*cking something, Carrie. I got to hand it to you. There is no bridge you won't burn, no earth you won't scorch. When it comes to catching Walker, or any terrorist suspect, for that matter, damn straight. You recorded a senior FBI agent who thought he was talking off the record to someone on the same side, so you could leverage the FBI into admitting a mistake. Are you really prepared to sacrifice the very agency that, with all their manpower, is the best chance we have to get Walker? They accidentally shot and killed two people. Now, I get that it's not easy, or even ideal, but we need to convince them to just make a statement taking responsibility. For what? The hope that this imam will give you information that you don't even know he has? No disrespect, David, but I think I've been in the field long enough to know a source when I see one. You will not, I repeat, not, do anything to sabotage the FBI manhunt for Walker. That is a direct order. What's happened here? I was showing him a trick with the ball. And I, uh, I knocked over some glasses. (panting) What the hell..re you doing, Carrie? What? Nothing. The last I checked, this was my office. Just needed somewhere private to calm down. Somewhere private? Okay, so I was hoping you'd be here. Where have you been? I just heard about the imam and the FBI. Estes is right. That imam knows Walker. I f*cking know it, 100%. You think the Imam's bad? No. No, that's the problem. He's practically a saint. I've got nothing on him. I've got zero leverage. You're 100% sure he's not bad? Pretty much. So? Maybe you're approaching the problem the wrong way around. 
 
 (man singing in Arabic in distance) (praying in Arabic) Allahu Akbar. 
Allahu Akbar. 
Allahu Akbar. 
Allahu Akbar. Crowd  (chanting): We want justice! We want justice! We want justice! (clamoring) So what are we doing here? I think they call it a Hail Mary. (knocks) As-salaam alaikum. Wa 'alaikum-as-salam. My name is Carrie. I know who you are. May I come in? I need to speak with your husband. Please, have some tea. I'm sorry, this isn't easy. I understand. Imam, I've done my research. I know of your work in the community-- the woman's refuge you run with Father Rose from St. Agnes' down the street. I have no doubt you and I want the same thing. Which is a better world. And a better America. If there's another terrorist attack, this country is primed to turn on itself. You and I both know we're halfway there already. But if an attack happens that can be traced back to information that you chose to withhold when you were given the chance..he mosque, this community that you worked so hard to build..hey'll put a match to it all. Our only hope-- and it's a good one-- is that people like us put our heads together and help each other. Now, I need to find Tom Walker. Will you help me? I pray what you say about another attack on America is wrong. But you're right. It takes more than just prayer. We have to help each other. Action speaks louder than words, yet so far you've done nothing but talk. What were you expecting? It's very simple: the truth. Two people were tragically caught between a terrorist suspect and those whose job it is to stop more attacks on America. That is the truth. I know you know Walker. Please. If I say I have no information, I have no information. I'm sorry. In case you reconsider. Thank you for the tea. Assalamo Alliakum. Fi Amaan Allah. Crowd  (chanting): We want justice! We want justice! We want justice! How'd it go? The FBI better f*cking find Walker-- that's all I can say. ♪ ♪ "A man wants to build a home for his wife. "He loves his wife. The house must be strong to keep them safe." Issa, that is amazing. To be able to do that this quickly? That's truly excellent. (sighs) Sometimes, I swear to God, people are their own worst enemy. Saul  (over phone): Yeah, tell me about it. What are you doing, Saul? Y-You sound kind of... What do we know about Walker? We know he's a sniper. Snipers are trained to go to ground, either in plain sight or, as is the case here, that doesn't work, they blend into the wild. I think the other word for that is "disappear." (phone beeps) Hold on a second. Hello. Carrie, this is Zahira. Can you meet me in 15 minutes? Yeah, of course. Man : Hey there. Whoa, whoa, I come in peace. My bad, I didn't mean to sneak up on you like that. Don't worry about it. May I? Sure. That sure is some work of art you got there. What is that, some sort of limited, made to measure edition? Something like that. Nice. What you hunting? Office supplies. (chuckles) What you got there? Marlin 336 with the Vari-X. Yeah, gets the job done. Oh, it'll get her done. (both chuckling) It sure is a beautiful day for it. You, uh, you have yourself a good one. Want to see this thing in action? Just about got it in the sweet spot. Sure, sure, w-why not? I didn't get your name. It's, uh, Dan. N-Name's Dan. Good talking to you, Dan. Good luck out there. Right, y-you, too. Hello, Zahira. When you came to our home, you knew it was not permitted for you to be alone with my husband. Two pairs of ears to hear what you had to say being better than one. Maybe. I love my husband, Carrie. He is a good man. I don't doubt it. I understand what you said about this country-- the knife edge it's on. Please, I need your word that you will not say anything to anyone about our meeting. You have it. This man Walker-- over the last few weeks, he has come to the mosque maybe eight or nine times. Every time, he meets with a man who does not come to the mosque to pray. Just to do business. Do you know the name of this man? All I know is, he drives a car with the diplomatic plates. Which country? S-Saudi Arabia. Thank you. (breathing heavily) (gasps) Bad dream? Yeah, yeah, it was. (panting) Hey, what you got there? Hey, this is beautiful, Issa. This is really great. Thank you. (sighs) What is this? What's going on? (groans softly) (sighs) (tapping) Nicholas? Can you hear me, Nicholas? Nicholas. Yeah, I can hear you. You're angry. How the f*ck do you think I feel? You're also in shock. Which is why you told our friend in Washington to tell me that it's all over. I've been living the last eight years thinking I killed Tom Walker. Which I now find out is not true. Which means everything I did-- everything... Is the peace you found in Islam a false peace? Everything I believed in. You believed in Allah's forgiveness and, through Allah's mercy, in yourself. It was all a trick! It was based on a lie! I did not let you actually kill your friend. Isn't that good news? What is Walker doing? Helping. That's all you need to know. You remember the new beginning you were given? Yes, I remember. Issa. You trusted me with Issa. Why? Why not trust a man who would rather die than give information to his enemy? You got your enemy to teach your own son. No, we only began as enemies, because that's what the others told us to be. Are we enemies now? Have you forgotten? Both : Buy me some peanuts and Cracker Jack I don't care if I never... Both : ...get back I want to... Both : Root, root, root for the home team... Finish it. Come on, brat. You're almost done. Let me root, root, root for the home team If they don't win, it's a shame For it's one, two, three strikes, you're out at the old ball game. ♪ ...ball game. ♪ You air brat. You  are  a brat. You are a brat. And you're gonna be late for school. Get out of here. (sighs) Hey, are you forgetting something? Score a goal today. (explosion) Issa?! (speaks Arabic) (speaks Arabic) Issa?! Issa?! Issa?! (mumbling in Arabic) Issa?! (woman shouting in Arabic, crying) Issa?! Issa? Issa? Issa? Issa? (sobbing): Issa... Issa. Issa! ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ (speaking Arabic softly) (both praying in Arabic) Nazir : I pray every day that you never lose sight of what you committed to do in Issa's name. I never wanted or planned any of this. It was your choice doing what you are doing after what happened that day. But... in the end, you are... a soldier, as you say. And you will either stay true to that and do what you feel is right..r you will not. Alamdulilla. Nazir? Nazir?! Nazir said that you would remember this from two years ago. At 4:42 p.m. local time, a drone missile hit and destroyed part of a compound 120 miles northeast of Mosul in the mountains of Northern Iraq from which Abu Nazir, the leader of the IPLA, is believed to have been operating. The images being broadcast on some news outlets around the world of the bodies of 83 dead children allegedly killed in the strike, we believe to be false, created by the terrorists for propaganda purposes. And they call us terrorists. Make no mistake, that in the planning of these missions, all that can be done is done to protect the innocent, in particular, the precious lives of children, while we keep our promise to hunt down the terrorists who continue to plot against... (turns off TV) As you already know, that man there, the Vice President, the former Director of the CIA, and the man most instrumental in the drone attack that killed young Issa, as he prepares to become President, he's going to want to use you, to be seen with you, his American hero, more and more. Let him. We also believe that he's going to ask you to run for political office. Say yes. This will be a signal to Abu Nazir that you are committed still to doing this. Ah, Jesus. (gunshot) The doctor says you should take these with food. Go out the back way. Take a right. Your car is across the street. The groceries are inside. (engine starts, country music playing over radio) ♪ So glad he never made the choice that he'd always regret ♪ 
♪ And the tougher things got, the tougher that he stayed... ♪ (grunts softly) Saul : That's it on the left, home of our Saudi diplomat. Carrie : Diplomatic f*cking immunity. Just like "Klaus" in '03. That was the Swiss embassy in Caracas, and we nearly let Klaus slip away. I'm not losing this guy, Saul. For now, we wait and see if Mr. Zahrani does anything or goes anywhere that will help us get to Walker. You live for this sh1t. So I've been told. What if Mr. Zahrani doesn't give us anything anytime soon? We figure out an elegant way to lift and interrogate him. (groans softly) I'm not gonna ask you where you've been all day. I know you have a lot on your mind, and a lot to process, and I'm in danger of sounding like a broken record. Oh, my God, what happened?! I got mugged. What do you mean, mugged? As in, attacked and robbed. Are you all right? Did you call the cops? What good are the cops gonna do? By the time I came round, the fuckers that did this were long gone. Where did this happen? Grocery store parking lot. Three of the bastards. I-I'm fine. I'm fine. I went to the, uh... I went to the emergency room. Why didn't you call me? They got my phone. I didn't want to worry you and the kids. Seriously, it's no big deal. Are you hurt? Ah, a couple broken ribs. It... Hey, hey. I'm fine, I'm fine. All right? f*ck, Brody, you should've called the cops. I really don't need the attention right now. What else did they take? Oh, a few bucks, my pride. You're all right, that's what's important. Mm-hmm. You know what the worst part of it is? I really wanted to spend the day with you and the kids. I want us to spend more time together..s a family. That sounds so good. (sighs) Eight years out there, I come back, I get mugged outside the grocery store. It's unbelievable. (both chuckle) America's a violent country. What can I tell you? Oh... (groans) I'm sorry. Oh, and guess what. What? There's a message on the voicemail.. from the Vice President's office. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 