Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Semper I - Homeland 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Semper I https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=54&t=14119 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/27/11 19:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Semper I 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 President Reagan :  Air and naval forces of the United States launched a series of strikes against terrorist facilities... 
 Reporter :  Pan Am Flight 103 crashed into the town of Lockerbie. 
 Reagan :  He has sanctioned acts of terror in Africa... 
 President George H.W. Bush :  This will not stand, this aggression against, uh, Kuwait. 
 Reagan :  ...his relentless pursuit of terror. 
 President George H.W. Bush :  We will make no distinction... 
 Reporter :  The USS  Cole  was attacked while refueling in... 
 This was an act of terrorism. 
 It was a despicable and cowardly act. 
 The next song we're going to play for you  is one of the good old favorites. 
 Until something stops him... 
 Carrie :  I'm just making sure we don't get hit again. 
 Man :  That plane crashed into the World Trade Center. 
 Reporter :  Thousands of people running... 
 We must... and we will remain vigilant. 
 (speaking Arabic) 
 Saul :  What the f*ck are you doing? 
 (sighs) 
 Carrie :  f*ck! I missed something once before. 
 I won't... I let that happen again. Saul :  It was ten years ago. Everyone missed something that day. Carrie :  Yeah, everyone's not me. (sirens wailing) Previously on  Homeland... An American prisoner of war has been turned. Hello? Jessica? It's me. Brody. Carrie :  We need eyes and ears  on Brody from the minute he steps off that plane. Wait, there's no camera in the garage? And now he's placing a bag containing God knows what in our blind spot?! Three days ago, we were about to tell your kids. He's my husband, Mike. I know this is hard, but that's his job now-- to be a public figure. You know, Mom, it'd be a lot less funny if you weren't f*cking his good friend Mike. We need Brody in the public eye, It's been great..or all of us. Five days ago, on Prince Farid's yacht, the prince's majordomo announces that the prince has a surprise visitor. Abu Nazir. His Highness has a special favor to ask,  a job he wants you to do. (silenced gunshots) She was DOA at Providence. Apparently, they had her wearing some crown jewel type necklace  that's vanished. Maybe Abu Nazir really went on that boat to talk to someone in the prince's entourage. Saul :  You're looking for a money transfer, right? Jewelry is the easiest way to move wealth. Four hundred. Where did the money go? Could be anywhere. Realtor :  Congratulations. I hope you'll be happy here. For us, it's perfect. (sighs) ♪ ♪ (sighs) Service A's today, Marine. Shirt first. Green pants. Khaki tie. You left it on the back of the bathroom door. Hey, Jess, have you seen my tie? In the bathroom, behind the door. And smile for the cameras. (applause) What can I tell you that you don't already know? Not much. But here goes. This is what I learned over there. Friendly fire isn't. In an ambush, shoot for the knees. Never lie. Never leave a man behind. And if you pick it, it will not heal. (chuckling) Good luck in your deployment. Remember your training. God bless you and God bless America. (cheering and applause) Look at him. (broadcast stops) Ever since that Lawrence O'Donnell interview, it's been like this wherever he goes. He's been blogged and tweeted about, offered book deals, been solicited by every national talk show. The vice president tells me you had a hand in convincing Sergeant Brody to go public with his story. The vice president didn't send his chief political operative here to thank me for delivering Brody. You're right. I came to find out how closely the public image matches the man. Now, for someone who's been through what he's been through, Sergeant Brody seems remarkably composed. Are you asking me if he's emotionally stable? Is he? I'm not a psychiatrist. But you ordered his psych evaluation in Germany, which I'm sure you reviewed. So, if we looked under the hood, what would we find? Well, we weren't exactly vetting him for national office. That is why you're here, isn't it? In the most preliminary sense. Then again, if his psychological profile checks out, and his politics are correct, why not? I sure know a lot of folks who would open their checkbooks to him right now. (knock on door) Sorry to interrupt, sir, but Saul Berenson is outside. Tell him I'll be right out. I'm sorry, Ms. Gaines, but I need to take this. My colleague has never learned how to take no for an answer. The vice president remembers well your conversation regarding directorship. Any information you could give us on Sergeant Brody would be much appreciated. How much longer is he gonna be? He'll be right with you. Did you tell him I have an operational protocol for him to sign off on? Sir, right now, he's in a meeting with... Lizzie. Saul. We'll see ourselves out. Nice to meet you. Major. So, tell me what's so important that it couldn't wait. Abu Nazir, David, remember him? Two horns, long tail, a strong scent of sulfur? I think we found out how he's financing his attack. This is a photograph of the prince's chief aide, Latif Bin Walid, taken nine hours after Lynn Reed was killed. And the necklace she was wearing that the police reported as stolen..e believe it was in this package. You're saying that was the money transfer we've been looking for? It's a working theory. Hard to believe Latif would park a half a million dollars in some Laundromat. Not when that Laundromat's doubling as a hawala broker. Hundreds of millions move through these informal networks every day. And because they're based on an honor code, there are no records, which makes financial transactions nearly impossible to track. Yeah, but hawala systems are typically used to transfer funds across borders, internationally, not as dead drops. What you're suggesting is pretty unorthodox, isn't it? Abu Nazir is always unorthodox. That's why he's still out there. Our friends at the Bureau have ongoing surveillance of the five known hawala operations in the metro area. That's where we got this photo of Latif at the Laundromat. Since then, 51 customers have come and gone. One of them may have the necklace or its cash equivalent. One of them may have the money that Abu Nazir is using to fund an attack on American soil. Galvez : Why not just ask the guy who runs the place which one came for the necklace? Same reason we're not extraditing Latif. Arrests at this time would be of negative value. We don't want to spook Abu Nazir before we know how many others he's activated. Carrie : Lynn Reed was killed three weeks ago. That means we're three weeks behind the bad guys. Saul : Which is why we need to initiate an operation immediately. Work up files on all these people. Do it. All right, you heard him. Let's start putting everybody through facial recognition, cross-referencing with INS, DMV, every database we've got. And once that happens, we'll split into five two- person teams and run them down. That means background checks, limited surveillance, selective face time with family, friends, employers. (jet engines rumbling) Hey, can I talk to you for a minute? The FISA warrant expires tomorrow. If you're asking me to try and extend it, don't. At least hear me out. I had to drag a skeleton from Judge Turner's closet to get you those four weeks in the first place. I know what you did. And you still haven't produced a single lead connecting Sergeant Brody to this or any plot against America. That doesn't mean I'm wrong. It just means he may be laying low for awhile. Turned and trained, but a sleeper. You're arguing against yourself, Carrie. We can't watch him indefinitely, and you know it. But, Saul... Listen to me. Listen carefully. This intelligence your asset gave up her life to acquire-- do not squander it by continuing to invade the constitutionally-protected privacy of the Brody family. It's not an either/or proposition. The money we're tracking is connected to Brody. I just haven't found out how. If you're right, the money will eventually lead back to him. But until then, you need to take down that surveillance. First chance you get, you will remove the cameras and microphones from Sergeant Brody's house, and cover your tracks. Are we clear? Brody : I'm just saying, they were a bunch of kids. They're Marines, and they were looking at you like a rock star. Not because I was a POW for eight years. Because my face has been plastered all over TV for the last three weeks. Whatever the reason, your visit meant a lot to them, Brody. Well, I'll take your word for it. Good. I'll see you tomorrow. All right. Hey, you hungry? I think we have steaks on the grill tonight. Thanks, I'm good. I'm just gonna grab something on the way home. You sure you don't want to come in? Yeah. Why not? Mikey, all I'm saying is, for the last two weeks, you've hardly come by once. I've been driving your ass around every day. I figured you'd be sick of me by now. See? That's exactly what I'm talking about. Every time I invite you into the house, you make up some lame-ass excuse. If I didn't know any better, I'd..hink you were avoiding us. Hey, I just figured... I thought I'd give you some space. I mean, let you be alone with your family without me getting in the way. Well, I appreciate that, Mike. You looking out for the family. And for Jessica. Like you did while I was gone. You'd have done the same for me. You know what? I'm not sure I would have. Ah, I'll see you tomorrow, Mike. All right. What's so interesting? There, in the woods. See the antlers? It's an eight-point buck. It's beautiful. Yeah, until he tramples those tulips you planted. How'd it go with the recruits? Great. Good. Yeah. When's dinner? Whenever you want. Okay, well, we need some more propane. Don't worry, honey, probably just had a bad day. Forget it, doesn't matter. Come on, let's go wash up. (music playing) Jessica : Are the kids asleep? Well, then, what are you waiting for? (chuckles) (sniffs) ♪ ♪ (banging) Yo, wild man. Cut that sh1t out, you're gonna miss the war. (laughs) ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Come on, tuck in your shirt. (car horn honking) Dana-- she's waiting in the car. Did you see the flowers? I did. I told you. I'll put out some soap flakes. (car horn honking) Soap flakes? Yeah, the deer think they're smelling people. (laughs) If that doesn't work, we can build a fence. Build a fence-- there's an idea. Maybe Mike could do it; He's pretty handy. (door opens) (door closes over monitor) Virgil[b]: Carrie? Are you ready? (sighs) Come on, we don't have all day. They're only gonna be in church for, like, an hour and a half. Rolling up this operation is a f*cking mistake. You don't agree? It's not like we have a choice. Saul said that he would have my head on a stick and parade it out in front of the inspector general. Yeah, but what do you think? I mean, you've been watching Brody as long as I have. You must have an opinion. Look, we've been on him for a month and we've come up empty. W-What about Max? What does Max think? He thinks the wife is hot, okay? Come on. (sighing) (door opens) ♪ All people ♪ 
♪ That on Earth do dwell ♪ 
♪ Sing to the Lord ♪ 
♪ With cheerful voice ♪ 
♪ Him serve with fear ♪ 
♪ His praise forth tell ♪ 
♪ Come ye before Him ♪ 
♪ And rejoice ♪ 
♪ The Lord ♪ 
♪ Ye know, is God ♪ 
♪ Indeed ♪ 
♪ Without our aid ♪ 
♪ He did us make ♪ 
♪ We are His folk ♪ 
♪ He doth us feed ♪ 
♪ And for His sheep ♪ 
♪ He doth us ♪ 
♪ Take ♪ 
♪ The Lord, ye know ♪ 
♪ Is God indeed ♪ 
♪ His mercy is ♪ 
♪ For ever sure ♪ 
♪ We are his folk ♪ 
♪ He doth us feed ♪ 
♪ To Father, Son ♪ 
♪ And Holy Ghost ♪ 
♪ The God Whom Heaven ♪ 
♪ And Earth adore ♪ 
♪ From men and from ♪ 
♪ The angel host ♪ 
♪ Be praise ♪ 
♪ And glory ♪ 
♪ Evermore. ♪ 
♪ Amen. ♪ (door opens) I have been looking all over for you. Just a second. We're done here, it's time to go. You ready? There's one camera left. Thought I'd let you do the honors. (sighing) Hey. (indistinct chatter) That was a beautiful service. Yes, sir, it was. Sergeant, this is Elizabeth Gaines. She is one of the vice president's closest advisors. It's an honor to meet you, Sergeant Brody. This happened yesterday? When I dropped him off. What did he say exactly? He asked why I haven't been coming around the house. I told him I didn't want to intrude. Think Dana said something? No. Well, maybe we should just go ahead and tell him ourselves. What we should have done is tell him right away when he first got back. Now it's turned into this big lie. Your story has inspired a nation in need of inspiration. Well, I'm not so sure about that. I asked Major Foster to introduce us because there's something I'd like to discuss with you. May I take you to lunch next week? Yes, ma'am. Don't drive yourself crazy. (children laughing) I just think that maybe we should try to find a way for us all to be together again without feeling so damn awkward. We're having some people over tomorrow night. Good, good, I'll be there. Hey. We've barely spoken in three weeks. I'm kind of, kind of worried about you. I'm fine. Tell me. It's just..e's so... What? Nothing. Jessica, I want to know. [b]Galvez Lives with two roommates in Tenleytown. Single mother back in Jakarta. So she's sending money home, which explains her visit to the hawala broker. Personal references all check out, and I called up her supervisor at Exotech. Mm-hmm. Diligent, super bright, star of his I.T. department. All right, moving on. Where's Carrie? Oh, she should be here soon. She said she was running late. She say why? No, sir. How well do you know her? I like to think we're friends. I understand she's a bit of a folk hero to some of you analysts. Well, we've all read the cables, sir, heard the stories. (chuckles) With you it's more than that, isn't it? You want to do what she does. It's no secret I've put in for Operations. Three years in a row. You know, you don't look like a Galvez. I take after my mother, sir. She's Lebanese. And your father? Guatemalan. They met at the DMV. My mom refused to take off her headscarf for the photo, my dad was the guy taking the pictures. (both chuckle) America. Yes, sir. Your file says you're fluent in Arabic. And Spanish, sir. You know, there might be something opening up in the Cairo station. My recommendation would carry weight... which brings us back to Carrie Mathison. I didn't put you with her by accident. I don't understand. During a debrief, Carrie mentions Abu Nazir's name out of the blue. Three days later, one of her assets reports the first Nazir sighting in over seven years. Maybe it's coincidence. Or maybe there's something she's just not telling us. You want a taste of Operations? Find out if she's running something on the side. Sir... I'm not sure I-I'm comfortable with... Spying? I'm making sure there are no loose cannons rolling around on my deck, because if there are, I need to tie them down. Hey, Carrie. David, hi. Sorry I'm late. What was that all about? Uh, he wanted to review the, uh, Jalbani file before he cleared it. So we're onto the next case. Raqim Faisel, Assistant Professor at Bryden University. That woman you were talking to at church today-- who is she? Oh, she works for the vice president. Works for him how? Some kind of advisor. What did she want? She wants to have lunch with me. Why? No idea. I invited Mike over tomorrow night. He knows most of the people who are coming, so... No. It's a great idea, Jess. The more the merrier. Better go check on Chris, make sure he's doing his homework. (sighs) (crickets chirring) (phone ringing) Yeah? Galvez : What happened to you? You just disappeared. Carrie : I had some personal stuff to take care of. Off campus? Carrie : Yeah. Well, uh, okay, listen. I just, uh, finished running background on Faisel. Listen to this. Three trips to Lahore in the last 18 months. For what purpose? Unclear. I put in a call to Pakistani intelligence. Oh, I don't trust those fuckers. Make some appointments at the university, find out what you can. And tomorrow, you and I will spend some quality time with our professor. (dial tone) 
 
 (knocking) (door opening) You know, it's customary to wait for someone to say, "Come in" before you actually come in. You didn't say anything to your father, did you? About what? No, I didn't. 'Cause if you did... Ma, I didn't say a word. Jesus, it's like the Spanish Inquisition around here. I believe you, okay? What are you doing, Ma? I'm sitting on your bed. Well, yeah, I can see that. Is that a crime? No, not exactly. What then? Is something wrong? No. Are you guys gonna get a divorce? No. We're not getting divorced. (scoffs) 'Cause if you are, I just want you to know that I'm cool with it. I just think you guys should do whatever's best for you. Dana, no one's getting a divorce, okay? Okay. You should probably tell Chris that, 'cause he's, like, totally certain you and dad are gonna ruin his life or something. (indistinct chatter) Galvez : Rumor or fact? What, me and Estes? Why are you so interested all of a sudden? I don't know. I keep hearing you guys had a thing once. Is it any of your business? We had a moment. (laughs) Misguided. Ancient history now. (chuckles) What? I was on the wrong side of that bet. Why? Does it seem so unlikely? Kind of. Well, he was the smartest guy in the Near East Division by a mile. It's not that. It's just, I don't see a lot of love lost between you two. It didn't end well. Does it ever? Uh... That's our guy. I thought you said he lived in Truxton Circle. He does. Not headed there now. (phone ringing) Hello? Man : Where is he? It's after 4:00. He should be on his way here. Tell him the traffic's bad on the beltway. What did you say? He should use an alternate route. Tell him now. (panting) Guy hasn't broken the speed limit once. Does that make him more or less suspicious? Makes him boring as sh1t. We tailed him all afternoon. After class, he drove to a Moroccan restaurant near the airport, where he dined alone. Second team's outside his apartment now. His briefcase looked full, so, my guess is, he's in for the night. What's he an assistant professor of? Mechanical engineering. Tenure track. Generally liked. Published, peer reviewed. Muslim? Yeah, but not a Koran thumper. Worships at Kalid Muhammud. What about those three trips to Pakistan? Lecturing at the University of Lahore. It all checks out. He was delivering a series of papers on alternative energy applications. All right. Then see what second team comes up with tonight. If nothing, move on. Hey, uh, whose birthday is it again? I think it's Mitchell's. I'm gonna go buy him a drink. Sure. How about you? You want another? Uh, no. I should go. Stay and visit. Visit? Why not? Why are you being nice to me? Do I need a reason? Not unless you want me to believe a word you're saying. All right. Okay. It occurs to me that I've been holding on to the idea of being angry at you, rather than actually being angry at you. Just so we're clear, are we talking about Baghdad, or what happened pre-Baghdad? Both. Did you just get diagnosed with cancer, or something, David? You see? It's a habit for you, too. Neither of us can get past it. Past what exactly? Our period of distrusting each other. Well, that could have been pretty much any time, couldn't it? I don't know about that. Well, if I never said it, I'll say it now. I'm sorry, David. Just so I'm clear, are we talking about Baghdad, or what happened pre-Baghdad? Both. (laughs) Both. But mostly pre. I can't believe I chased you up to New York like that. No, I never should have left in the first place. You deserved an explanation. I don't know. I might have run away from me, too. If I had known your marriage would break up, David... No, no. The truth is, it was probably over anyway. How is Victoria? Remarried. To a nice Jewish guy from Fort Lauderdale, a doctor. She and the kids converted last year. You're kidding me? Victoria? Well..azel tov. (laughing) Estes : He's short. (Carrie laughs) So, how's it been? It's been tough, I won't lie. Well, at least he's home. Joanie's husband is still over there, and she only gets to talk to him once a month on the SAT-phone when he's back at Battalion. Yeah. How's the s*x? (laughs) I know. It's awful, right? More like nonexistent. Denis couldn't get it up for almost a year. Really? Oh, yeah. What about drugs, like Viagra, or whatever? No, the problem wasn't between his legs. It's up... Have I ever been with an impotent man? I don't think so. Well, you haven't lived. (both laughing) Mm. Ooh! Oh, uh, looks like they might be, uh... Oh, there she is. Hey, Jess. Hi. This is Demmie. Demmie, Jessica. Jessica, Demmie. Debbie, nice to meet you. It's Demmie with two M's. Demmie. Come in. Let me get you guys something to drink. Okay. (clicking) Where'd you find her? It was short notice, all right? (clicking) So, where's Brody at anyway? I don't know. I haven't seen him for a little while. I have no idea where he is. Want me to find him? That would be great. Thanks. All right. I'll be right back. (door creaking) Brody? Brody? So when are you going back to work full-time? This week, I think. That'll be good. Get you out of the house a little more. Are you hungry? I am starving... (gunshot) (gunshot) Brody?! Mike : Jesus f*cking Christ. Jessica : Brody? What's going on? Is everybody all right? Looks like the soap flakes didn't really work, Jess. I killed the deer. Give me the gun, Brody. Back off, Mike. Mom! Go back inside, Chris. Everything's gonna be fine. Come on, Chris, let's go inside. It's gonna be okay. You know what, Mike, I can handle this. Can you please just tell everybody to go home. No, I'm not leaving you alone. Just go, please. Do what she says, Mike. Make sure Chris stays inside. I don't want him coming back out here. Chris? Why? What's the problem? What do you think I'm gonna do? I don't think you're gonna do anything. All right. I'm gonna go get a shovel, clean up this beast before the flies get to it. Goddamn it! Don't walk away from me, Brody. He was eating all your flowers, for Christ's sake. What's the big deal? You fired a weapon! In front of our friends, in front of our son! You want to believe that's normal, go right ahead. There's nothing wrong with me. Is that right? You barely sleep, you turn your back on your friends, you scare your children. I mean, you won't even... What? Say it. You can't even f*ck your wife! We need help, Brody. I see what this is. Time for me to get my head shrunk, go to psych services? I don't give a sh1t who you talk to, as long as you talk to somebody. What if I say no? Then I can't do this anymore. ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Aileen :  There's no point in imagining the worst. I'm not imagining. They followed me to this house. They followed you past this house. Darling, I promise, no one knows we're living here. How can you be so sure? Because if they did, they'd be tearing apart the living room, not driving by outside. No. I still think we should leave. Our instructions were to sit tight. In the meantime, we owe it to ourselves not to panic. You have a class to teach. In less than an hour. It's important that you do exactly what you always do. Go to work. Hiyati. We knew this would not be easy. (sighs) (door opens) Who's next? Sheik Eyad Hassoun. He's a groundsman for the Islamic House on Constitution Avenue. Any red flags? It depends. On what? What you consider a red flag. He was arrested 12 years ago for refusing to leave an unpermitted rally. What was he protesting? The presence of U.S. Troops in Saudi Arabia. All right, start with his immigration status. I'll be right back. Any luck? Not yet. Keep laboring in the vineyards. Something will turn up. What I wouldn't give right now for a little retail intelligence. (chuckles) Disenchanted imam, an Islamist kid halfway to the bomb belt. A live source. That would be nice. Anything else on your Christmas list? Yeah. Let me put Virgil and Max back on Brody. But this time, we leave no footprint. Just a light tail, two 12-hour shifts. No. But we're following all these other targets. In case you hadn't noticed, there's a lot of political heat on the good sergeant. Now more than ever, we need to keep our distance. (sighs) I know it's hard. I can't help but feel I'm missing something. You're missing him. When you're on somebody all the time, it's like that. You know that as well as anybody. He's in your rearview now, Carrie. You're moving in another direction. Understood? Yeah. (rolling thunder) (sighs) (rolling thunder) (crickets chirring) (rolling thunder) Hey. Are you all right? Yeah. Just watching the storm. Oh, yeah? Is it coming or going? Hard to tell. Coming, I think. (thunder rumbling) You want to join me? I was just getting ready to go. There's a, uh... (clears throat) There's a veteran' support group meeting at the church tonight. Okay. Thought I'd... Thought I'd drop in and just try it out. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, don't thank me yet. I don't think I'm gonna be able to stomach it for more than about five minutes. (laughs) Well, let's get you an umbrella, just in case. (thunder rumbling) (crickets chirring) (car engine starting) (car bell dings) (car engine starting) (rolling thunder) (indistinct crowd chatter) (panting) Stay away from the milk. Spoiled. Thanks. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, no worries. No worries. Hey, I know you. You were in the debrief at... Please. What? It's just, I'm... I... I'm not supposed to be here. Why not? Okay, seats everybody. Time to begin. Hey! Hey, wait. Hey, wait. Wait! Look, I'm sorry. I really had no idea you were in this group. I'm not. It's my first time. Well, then, I'll leave you to it. Hey, hold on. Hold on a second. What you say your name was again? Carrie. Carrie Mathison. Look, I don't understand. It's, uh... it's... What's the problem? It's totally fine with me if you want to stay. No, it's not that. It's just, uh..o one in there can know what I do for a living. I'm still an active intelligence officer. Your secret's safe with me. Besides, I'm better at spilling my guts to total strangers anyway. I hardly ever go to the same meeting twice. Sounds complicated. You all right? (thunder rumbling) Are you? Anyway, you should go back in. They're getting started. Hey, look, I'm not going back in if it means you can't go in. Please, really, that's... That's not necessary. Or maybe we could hold our own private meeting out here? How's that sound? It's tempting. Right? Can I ask you a question? Sure. Where was it you said you served again? Baghdad? Yeah. (rolling thunder) How come it's so hard to talk about with people who weren't there? I have a better question. How come it's so hard to talk with anyone who wasn't there about anything at all? (crackling thunder) Okay, now I really am going. Don't leave me like this. All alone..n the rain! You'll be fine. Nobody expects you to say anything till the second or third meeting anyway. Well, that's assuming I  get  to the second or third meeting. (car alarm chirps off) (car engine starts) (engine revving) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 