Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - ... Through New Beginnings - Satisfaction 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - ... Through New Beginnings https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=472&t=23203 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/15 21:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - ... Through New Beginnings 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Satisfaction"... 
 Simon : He's been dead to me for a long time. 
 Company's mine. I need to put this behind me. 
 We're all one mad, dysfunctional family at this point. 
 Say I was interested in the money, how much are we talking? 
 Half percent profits on fourth quarter earnings in Waverly Industries. 
 And I want a seat on the board. 
 Anytime money changes hands over s*x, someone is getting exploited. 
 When did you see Simon? 
 I dropped by his place earlier with some food to offer condolences. 
 I think I'm finally ready to start my own family. 
 I had some eggs frozen years ago. 
 Maybe you can help me navigate this motherhood thing. 
 What's a married couple doing getting involved in the world of s*x for hire? 
 We are strictly management. 
 Can't have it all, I guess. 
 We had it all, Barry, and we lost it. 
 [upbeat pop music] 
 Sounds like you want us to build a dating site. 
 More like a desire-companion site. 
 ♪ The choice is yours ♪ 
 We provide pre-screened, upscale men for professional women seeking short-term companionship. 
 I'm gonna get started, okay? 
 Sure you don't want to wait? We're almost done here. 
 No, I can handle it. 
 Gonna be fun. 
 ♪ Something new ♪ 
 Thank you all for coming today. 
 We're running a little behind, so please be prepared when I call your name. 
 Steven Sprung. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ See, I want to give you whatever you want ♪ 
♪ Whenever you like ♪ 
♪ I have the best in mind ♪ 
♪ To make you move and treat you right ♪ 
♪ The one who makes the vibe come alive inside your mind ♪ 
♪ Anywhere, anytime ♪ 
♪ Come on, we got an axe to grind ♪ 
♪ Try me, baby I know you want it more ♪ 
♪ I got what you need ♪ 
♪ I'm what you've been waiting for ♪ 
♪ Try me, baby I know you want it more ♪ 
♪ You can have it all ♪ 
♪ Baby, the choice is yours ♪ 
♪ The choice is yours ♪ 
♪ And you'd be best to choose me ♪ 
 So, how did it go today? 
 Excellent. Roster's coming together and the website should be up by the end of the week. 
 And we should have that updated proposal for you by tonight. 
 I like the sound of that. 
 Barry, it's that time. 
 If we're gonna keep the lights on here and continue with the startup process, we're gonna need your full commitment now. 
 Okay, let me crunch some numbers again. 
 All looks good, I'll come out tomorrow morning with a check. 
 Oh, and I like chocolate croissants and cappuccino with 2% milk. 
 Duly noted. 
 He's really gonna invest. 
 We could be in business by the end of the month. 
 We're gonna need staff. 
 And a cappuccino maker. 
 [chuckles] 
 We're really starting an escort business together. 
 [laughs] 
 What is wrong with us? 
 [laughs] 
 [both groaning] 
 [grunting] 
 What? 
 Let's take a break. 
 Oh. Oh, my God. Thank you. 
 I think I need a glass of water. I'm gonna die. 
 [panting] 
 Hey, you take it easy with that, okay? 
 I did pay for the whole afternoon. 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [grunting] 
 Gah. 
 [footsteps approaching] 
 Hey, I think I need a sip of your water. 
 You sure do. 
 What the... 
 What are you doing here? 
 Real question is, what are you doing here? 
 Oh. 
 Nearly two weeks since the Trumans and I helped you out of that sticky situation with your father. 
 Where have you been? 
 Is Trish still back there? 
 Oh, I see. 
 Nothing like throwing yourself into your work when you want to forget your life, drown your sorrows. 
 Hmm. Rosalie? 
 Send her home. 
 Hey, hey, wait, what? 
 Don't worry, I'll make sure she's taken care of. 
 You can't just barge in here like this! 
 Oh, you mean like you did at my place, looking for a favor? Sure I can. 
 I stuck my neck out for you, Simon. 
 You know you never even said thank you? 
 Gee, you know what, I'm really sorry. 
 Thank you for all your help. 
 I've had a lot to deal with lately. 
 Honestly, I could give a sh1t about your feelings right now. 
 We had a deal. 
 You've been put in charge of a multi-million-dollar company, one where I now have a stake in the profits and sit on the board. 
 You need to get to work. 
 Oh, I see. You need me. 
 Oh, on the contrary, darling, you need me, because from the looks of things, you're standing on the ledge, looking a little off balance. 
 Look, I know things have been hard. 
 Your whole life just changed, but with great fortune comes great responsibility. 
 You need to pull your act together. 
 If not, you're going to be disappointing a lot of people, people who put their faith in you. 
 Grace alone. 
 You're not an escort anymore. 
 You're head of a company. 
 Start acting like it. 
 And for God's sake, buy better vodka. 
 You can certainly afford it now. 
 Rosalie. 
 ♪ I can't get no ♪ 
♪ Satisfaction ♪ 
♪ And I try and I try ♪ 
♪ And I try ♪ 
♪ And I try ♪ 
♪ But I can't get no ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ 
 So, how long have you been a professional escort? 
 Under a year. 
 And tell me what you enjoy most about it. 
 The women. 
 I love hearing about their lives, their joys, their pains. 
 I love their smell, their taste. 
 I bet you taste amazing. 
 What's your background, Neil? College? 
 That's a really beautiful accent. 
 What is that, French? 
 [chuckles] Um, my mother was French. 
 I spent time there as a child. 
 That's it. French women are so mysterious. 
 They smile like they're hiding some hidden sexual secret. 
 Are you hiding a secret, Grace? 
 [laughs softly] 
 Well, I don't know about that. 
 No, see what I just did? 
 You asked if I went to college, I flirted, you got off-topic. 
 I was making conversation. 
 But I never answered your question. 
 For all you know, I could have just gotten out of prison. 
 [laughs] You're being ridiculous. 
 No, you're being careless. 
 Oh... 
 If you're gonna be interviewing for us, then you need to stay professional. 
 It's a tactic, Neil. 
 How am I supposed to know what a potential escort has to offer if I don't flirt a little? 
 Adriana would sleep with all her potential escorts. 
 Yeah, maybe I should do all the interviewing and you do client relations? 
 Oh, so neither one of us gets to have any fun? 
 Grace, the whole point of this is to have fun together, right? 
 Right. Right, we just need... 
 [doorbell ringing] 
 Boundaries. 
 Like, maybe we only sleep with one new person each month. 
 Well, that doesn't sound like all that much fun. 
 Five? 
 Three. 
 [laughs] Deal. 
 [chuckles] 
 [door opening] 
 Need you to sign for it. 
 Sure. 
 Thanks. 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Is that from Barry? 
 No, it's from... 
 Zeitlan Publishing, whoever they are. 
 It's a release form... for my life story. 
 What? 
 It's from Kate Marston. 
 Who? 
 Ten years? 
 That's a long time. 
 And do you enjoy it? 
 What about you? 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Neil. Wha... [laughs] 
 What a surprise. It's so good to see you again. 
 I called your office. 
 Your assistant told me I could find you here. 
 Um, ladies, can you please give me a minute? 
 Yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 You're writing an article for "Esquire?" 
 Yeah, on pop-up casinos. 
 There's a big one happening here tomorrow night. 
 Well, that's really the background for the piece. 
 It's more about escorts and high rollers. 
 Let me guess your angle. 
 "Whenever money changes hands over s*x... " 
 "Someone is being exploited." Yeah, I know. 
 That's actually not really my approach anymore. 
 I... recently had a corrective experience when I spent the night with an escort. 
 Maybe you read the article. 
 I heard something about it. 
 Well, yeah, you know, it's been reposted almost 1,000 times and gotten over a million views. 
 And you got a book deal out of it, too. 
 [scoffs] Oh, my God... 
 I told my lawyers not to do anything until I had a chance to talk to you myself. 
 Kate, you want to write a book about my life now? 
 No, no, no, your lifestyle. 
 Neil, there is such huge interest in this right now. 
 Women are dying to know how it all works, and this is a side of the business that just doesn't get exposed. 
 My publisher is borderline in love with you already, and she's paying me a lot of money to write it. 
 She would pay you too. 
 I don't care about the money, Kate. 
 I have a family. I'm married. 
 You're married? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Does she know? 
 She's my business partner. 
 Neil, what you're telling me right now... 
 No. 
 Could be huge. 
 I'm talking about, like, Oprah's Book Club huge. 
 I don't do what I do for attention. 
 Okay, so you don't do what you do for attention or money. 
 Why do you do it? 
 It was very nice seeing you again. 
 Please tell your publisher I'm sorry. 
 [stirring music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [phone buzzing] 
 Simon. 
 Hey. Sorry I never called you back. 
 I was worried about you. How are you? 
 Are you near the front door? 
 Hey. 
 It's not something I wanted to drop in the mail. 
 Really, I wanted to see your face when you opened it. 
 [laughs softly] 
 I realized I never said thank you for what you did. 
 Oh. You didn't have to do that. 
 Open it. [Laughs softly] 
 [clears throat] 
 Uh... "Sense and Sensibility." First edition, 1811. 
 [poignant music] 
 Look underneath. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [laughs softly] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It's from the same time period. 
 England, early 19th century. 
 It kind of fit with the theme, and I thought it would look beautiful on you. 
 Simon, I... 
 I can't accept this. 
 Why not? 
 Because I kissed you. 
 This has nothing to do with that. 
 This is about gratitude. 
 And the kiss, what was that about? 
 I don't know. 
 I could tell you it didn't mean anything, that I was confused, but the truth is... 
 I know how much you love Jane Austen. 
 Just accept it. It would mean a lot to me. 
 So after Spain, I got my undergrad at Harvard. 
 Graduated early, of course. 
 Unfortunately, I had to put Law School on hold once I got the Rhodes Scholarship. 
 [upbeat music playing] 
 Will you excuse me a minute, please? 
 Sure. 
 Thank you. 
 God, I think I'm gonna throw up. 
 He seemed nice. 
 Well, his gene pool certainly hit the lottery. 
 And if it's just about being a donor... 
 Darling, looks and intelligence can only get you so far. 
 It's the... intangibles that make a man worth investing in. 
 I couldn't agree more. 
 Door was open, just like the last time I was here for a party. 
 Barry, I hardly recognize you with all those clothes you have on. 
 Lovely to see you again, Adriana. 
 Will you send our guest on the veranda home and cancel the others? 
 Barry and I have business to discuss. 
 Business? 
 I thought when you called, this was about pleasure. 
 In this case, they are one and the same. 
 Ah. Well, you got me for 20 minutes. 
 I have a meeting downtown after this. 
 With the Trumans. I heard. 
 That's what I want to talk to you about. 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 What's she doing here? 
 Thank you for coming in, Mona. We'll call you later. 
 Hi. 
 Is this really going to be the future site of the business? 
 It's very corporate. 
 But I guess if you're investing in a website and hoping to go more mainstream... 
 Who told you about the website? 
 Barry. 
 When did you talk to Barry? 
 Perhaps we should discuss this in the conference room. 
 What do you mean you got rid of him? 
 It was painfully clear it wasn't the right fit. 
 I told him to move on. 
 You asked him to come to you about our business? 
 Grace, I told you, I was going to help you get set up. 
 I've sent you some of my top-tier men already. 
 This is our business, not yours. 
 Barry was our investor. What makes you even think... 
 All he cared about were the returns, Neil. 
 You don't invest in this business if all you want from it is money. 
 I know investors, more than you, and they all want to have their say, because they're investing a lot of money, which we needed to get started. 
 And I have plenty of cash, plus the raw materials. 
 You don't think we're gonna get into business with you now, do you? 
 Grace, we're family, remember? 
 Doesn't it just make the most sense? 
 [dark music] 
 You have no idea what family actually means. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 No, no, no, Barry, let me explain. 
 We are not in business with Adriana, nor do we want to be. 
 Your our partner in this. 
 Well, what did she say? 
 Of course not, we would never agree to... 
 No, and before you... 
 What, he hung up? 
 What'd she tell him? 
 That we had no idea what we were doing and basically, he'd be throwing his money away. 
 So that's it? 
 What about... what about all those clients at Bastion? 
 Is there anyone else we could call? 
 No, they all thought that we were cheating them, remember? 
 The SEC, the road trip. 
 So Barry was our last shot? 
 Maybe not. 
 So, I was looking over fourth quarter earnings, trying to get acquainted with, you know, how things work here, and I had some questions, which I wrote down. 
 Simon, let's be honest. 
 This is way over your head. 
 I mean, you can't seriously be thinking of acting as CEO. 
 You have zero experience in this world. 
 My father intended for me to run Waverly Industries. 
 Your father didn't even want you around when he was alive. 
 You should stop taking notes. 
 No. No, no, Amber. 
 You might as well get this on record. 
 I've been all but running this place for ten years, and everyone knows it. 
 What exactly have you been doing the last few years, hmm? 
 I've heard rumors. 
 I hope they're not true, because if they ever came to light... 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hi, Neil Truman to see Simon Waverly. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Bottom line, we're one week away from taking over the lease at Bastion, which is a substantial commitment. 
 Neil, want to cut to the chase here? 
 You know the business plan. 
 We're going more mainstream now, more commercial. 
 Website, customer service. 
 You were there on the ground floor. 
 Is that what this is about? 
 You're asking me for money? 
 No, I'm not asking you for money. 
 It's an investment. You'd see returns. 
 [scoffs] 
 It's just funny how you and Grace were perfectly happy to do this without me till you ran out of cash. 
 You've been kind of busy lately, Simon. 
 How do you know what I've been doing? 
 Huh? What I've been going through? 
 You're right. I can only imagine. 
 No, you can't. 
 You and Grace, you have each other. 
 Well, I'm on my own now, and I gotta start making decisions based on what's best for me. 
 You looked kind of busy when I got here. 
 Sorry to interrupt. 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Yes, I heard of the casino event. 
 No, unfortunately, all of my men are booked. 
 I'll call if something opens up, thank you. 
 Grace, you scared me. 
 Adriana. 
 You're upset about Barry. I know, I understand, but honestly, I was just... 
 Doing us a favor. I know. 
 The more I thought about it, I realized you were right. 
 And investors, they come, they go. 
 But that's not why I'm here. 
 You had asked me for a favor before and I never followed through. 
 I met him when we were conducting interviews at Bastion the other day. 
 His name is Chip. 
 He's 32, gorgeous, a graduate of Cornell, and... I saw something special in him. 
 I sent it to your phone. 
 So you found me a donor? 
 Thank you. 
 You asked. I said I would help. 
 You know, I'm just never sure with you, Grace. 
 Are we friends? 
 Enemies? 
 Lovers? 
 We're family. 
 And I know what motherhood did for me. 
 Who knows, maybe it can even warm your heart of stone. 
 [poignant music] 
 He's expecting your call. 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [door opening] 
 Hey. 
 Where have you been? 
 How did it go with Simon? 
 Confusing, although maybe it makes a little more sense now. 
 Oh. 
 I found the note with the book. 
 Why didn't you tell me? 
 I... I wasn't planning on keeping it, and with everything that happened with Adriana, I just... 
 Why would Simon give you a diamond necklace, Grace? 
 As a thank you for helping out with his father. 
 So, he gave you a diamond necklace for helping him, but he just told me to go to hell when I asked for help. 
 You sure there's not more to the story? 
 That day I went to his house and he told me about his father still being alive, he... he kissed me. 
 He kissed you? 
 It was nothing. 
 If it was nothing, why didn't you tell me? 
 Because I didn't want you to... 
 You're right, I should have told you. 
 But you didn't, which means it meant something. 
 No, it didn't. 
 It was... it just... it took me by surprise, is all. 
 And he was really upset and I chalked it up to everything that was going on. 
 I forgot about it the second it happened. 
 Okay. 
 We said we were going to be open and honest and do things differently, so I have to trust that you would tell me if it meant something. 
 [car arriving] 
 He really told you to go to hell when you went to his office? 
 But I think I might have another investor. 
 She comes with strings attached, though. 
 What kind of strings? 
 [doorbell rings] 
 I'll let her tell you. 
 [door opens] 
 Thanks for coming. 
 Hmm, pleasure. 
 Please come in. 
 Oh, look at this house. 
 [door closing] 
 Grace, this is Kate. 
 Kate, my wife Grace. 
 Hm. 
 Okay. 
 Ah, this is her, Harper Pantauk. 
 I've read about her. 
 She made the Fortune 500 the last couple of years. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 How do you know her? 
 She read my article and got in touch. 
 As a successful single businesswoman, she's hired quite a few escorts in her time. 
 So what makes you think she'd want to invest in our business? 
 She likes her image as the bad girl, you know, thumbing her nose at the old school Wall Streeters. 
 And when I told her that you two were married, that sealed the deal. 
 Really? 
 A married couple running an escort service? 
 It's gonna be huge in the publishing world. 
 [laughs] You'd be writing the book about both Neil and me now? 
 Harper is gonna be at the casino tonight. 
 I can make the introductions. 
 Can I see you for a second? 
 Yeah, sure. Excuse us. 
 Yeah, yeah. [Clears throat] 
 Now you're bringing me into this book thing? 
 Look, it's just a negotiation tactic. 
 If she can deliver on an angel investor, well, then we have something to bargain with. 
 Look, I'm never gonna be okay with someone following us around and writing about our marriage. Are you? 
 Nothing's etched in stone. 
 I'm just trying to keep us from going under before we've even started. 
 At what price, Neil? And a book? 
 What about Anika? 
 And I read the article. 
 "As he was thrusting into me like I was the only sexual being in the world." 
 Come on, she's practically in love with you. 
 You're uncomfortable because she and I have had s*x. 
 Yes. 
 And we're just starting over, figuring out what our marriage is, and I don't want some woman you slept with writing about it. 
 Look, if you want me to, I'll call the whole thing off. 
 I'll send her home right now. 
 But I think we should at least meet with Harper, see where it leads. 
 [gentle music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [both moaning] 
 [moaning loudly] 
 [groans] [sighs] 
 [laughs] Oh, good. 
 [both sighing] 
 Thank you, darling. 
 My pleasure. 
 Not entirely yours, love. 
 [laughs] 
 Any other questions that I can answer for you personally? 
 Are you free tonight? I may have some work available. 
 I wish. I booked another job. 
 But I can cancel. 
 Booked through? 
 Grace. It's a casino night event. 
 [birds chirping] 
 I'm sure you'd like to take a shower before you go. 
 It's straight out and to the left. 
 [sighs] 
 Well... [sighs] 
 Thanks for the opportunity. 
 [door closes] 
 I already know what you're thinking. 
 You know, maybe you're expecting a little too much. 
 Physically, he's... 
 We're talking about the father of my child, not some orgasm du jour. 
 [dark music] 
 You don't really want a baby. 
 You already have so much, and you're practically a mom to all the girls here, so what is this really about? 
 Because I know there's something else going on. 
 A simple pass line bet works like this. 
 "You place your bet on the pass line before a new shooter begins his roll. This is known as the come-out roll." 
 "Come-out roll?" Sounds dirty. 
 "If the shooter rolls a 7 or 11, you win. If the shooter rolls a 2, 3, or 12, you lose." 
 Huh. 
 Are you still attracted to Kate? 
 I know we agreed to tonight and we're gonna make the most of it and decide later, I just... I just want to know. 
 Yes. I am attracted to her. 
 Let me ask you something. 
 If we get this business started... when we get this business started... how you gonna be with all those guys around the office? 
 I can't compete with 20-somethings that go to the gym all day anymore. 
 Neil, those aren't my type. 
 What is your type? 
 I don't think I've ever known. 
 Well, he's handsome... with a sense of humor. 
 He's successful, and a little mysterious, and he's got to be great in bed. 
 But he's also sweet and someone I'd want to have my children with, someone I can trust. 
 [laughs softly] That's a tall order. 
 Where you gonna find someone like that? 
 I did it once. 
 I think I could do it again if I try. 
 [laughs softly] 
 [poignant music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Shall we? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [Latin music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Double down! 
 Should we try our luck at the craps table first? 
 Sure, why not? 
 [cheers and Latin music] 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 [cheering] 
 All right! No, no, baby, come on back now. I need my girls. 
 Here we go. Are you ready? 
 Neil. [Laughs] Hi. 
 Kate. 
 Grace. 
 Oh, you guys made it and you look great. 
 Harper's here. She's dying to meet you. 
 So we've got a table up this way. 
 Okay. 
 There it is! [All cheering] 
 Come on! Yes! Yes! 
 You go. I'll be right there. 
 You sure? 
 Yeah. 
 [dark music] 
 Oh! 
 [all cheering] Yeah! 
 It's so good! Come on, 5! Give me 5! 
 [dice scatter] 
 [crowd reacts] 
 There it is! Yes! 
 Hi. 
 Grace! Holy sh1t. 
 Neil and I are here on business. 
 You and Neil? Oh, yeah, yeah. 
 The happy couple's working together now, right? 
 [laughs] God. 
 [growls] You guys are just so... damn sweet, aren't ya? 
 All right, come on, where is he? Let's go say hi. 
 All right, you know what, you probably shouldn't do that. 
 Hey, hey. Don't tell me what to do! 
 Look who I found. Neil, Harper. 
 It's a pleasure to meet you. 
 Meet me? I feel like I already know you. 
 [laughs] That article, my, my. 
 Thank you. 
 Wasn't your wife coming with you? 
 She's just saying hello to someone. 
 She'll be here in a moment. 
 There was a time when I wouldn't have been caught in public with an escort, much less consider investing in one. 
 But the world, it's... it's changed so much for women. 
 Not just for women. Men too. 
 And relationships in general. 
 It seems like all of the old taboos are falling away. 
 I mean, let's not forget, it wasn't that long ago that divorce was a taboo. 
 Now it seems strange if someone stays in a bad marriage. 
 Isn't that what happened with you, Kate, why you wrote the piece? 
 Um, yes, partly. 
 You never told me that. 
 Divorced? 
 Recently, yes. 
 Now, I have to say, one of the aspects that intrigued me the most about Kate's article and about investing in your company was the chemistry that came across on the page. 
 It's an important aspect of the service, to create a real, human connection with the client. 
 Simon! 
 I just... I just want to say... 
 Excuse me for a second. 
 Look, I just want to know where your necklace is, that's all. 
 You're starting to make a scene. 
 Hey, look at you, you're all dressed up, and you got... put all this other jewelry on. 
 Stop. 
 Hey. 
 How come you're not wearing my necklace? 
 Hey, hey. 
 Hey. 
 What are you doing? 
 Oh, look! Look at this. 
 Here is is, the big man on campus. 
 Simon, you know he... 
 He's drunk. Let's just go. 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, whoa, you can't say hi to me? 
 You know what, we were talking. 
 In fact, what are you even doing here? 
 Didn't you tell me you're broke? 
 You can't afford to be gambling right now. 
 All right, back off. 
 No, no, no, no, okay, I got it. 
 He sold the necklace I gave you 'cause he needed the cash! 
 What is your problem? 
 You have the problems right now, my friend. 
 Get your hands off me. 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey! 
 Okay, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right. 
 Aah! [Crowd gasps] 
 Yeah, yeah. Yup. 
 [all grunting] 
 Get off! 
 Oh, my God, he's so drunk. 
 Maybe I just should just... just make sure he gets in a cab. 
 Be safe. 
 Yeah. 
 Get off me! Get off me! 
 Let go! 
 [grunts] 
 [groans] 
 Don't even think about coming back. 
 [coughs] 
 [groans] 
 [door shuts] 
 Everything all right? 
 Yes. A friend of ours is here and just having a really bad night. 
 Where were we? 
 We were just discussing chemistry and how important it is to the success of your business. 
 As part of the book, you and I would have to go out on a second date, maybe even a third, in the name of research, of course. 
 [laughs softly] 
 What my wife and I are looking for is an investor to help our business... our very lucrative business... get off the ground. 
 And I have a lot of money to invest. 
 I just need certain accommodations to be met. 
 Neil, it's not like I'm asking for something that you and I haven't done before. 
 I'm not the same man you met, and neither is my marriage. 
 I appreciate you taking the time to see me this evening. 
 Neil, Neil, you're missing a tremendous opportunity here. 
 No, I'd be throwing one away if I stayed. 
 [Latin music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You look like you could use this. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Relax, I've not come to ruin your life. 
 I was brought here on a date, actually, set up by your wife. 
 Grace set you up? 
 Drink first, then we talk. 
 Ah. 
 She thought she was doing me a favor. 
 Turned out to be a real jerk, though. 
 She's upstairs in my room, firing him now. 
 You sent Grace upstairs to fire him? 
 If she's getting into the escort business, she better get good at firing people. 
 Come on, let's go see how she's doing. 
 Yes. 
 Look at you. 
 Still trying to make a man of yourself, getting your ass kicked every time. 
 Let me ask you something. 
 Have you even been back to the lake? 
 You know, just 'cause I sank doesn't mean I stayed down. 
 [grunts] 
 [sobs] 
 Let him go, Simon. 
 Mom? 
 Come here. 
 It's okay. It's gonna be okay. 
 But I killed him. 
 I killed Dad. 
 What did you say? 
 [poignant music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hmm, they were just here a few minutes ago. 
 [liquid pouring] 
 Before you go texting her, have a drink with me. 
 I already had a drink with you. 
 Neil, I'm on the other side now. 
 You're the one with the business and I'm the client, and I just had an awful experience with my first date. 
 Can't you at least make up for it by sharing a drink with me? 
 [chuckles] 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Well, I guess that'll have to do. 
 Are you all right? 
 No, I'm... 
 Whoa, whoa. 
 I don't know, I... 
 I don't feel good all of a sudden. 
 Sit down, sit down. 
 Oh, God. Are you okay? 
 Oh, God... 
 Shh. 
 What... what have you done? 
 Just try to breathe. 
 [drops glass] 
 [loud whooshing] 
 [groans] 
 Okay. All right, great. 
 Thanks, Mona. We should be there in about an hour. 
 [phone beeps] 
 How are you feeling? 
 Like I've been run over by a freight train. 
 What the hell happened last night? 
 You don't remember? 
 Hi. 
 Neil. 
 I'll help you get him to the car. 
 Adriana said you went looking for me upstairs and then practically passed out. 
 I haven't seen you that drunk since college. 
 I didn't drink that much. 
 She texted me when I was with Kate. 
 I heard what you told them. 
 Yeah. 
 How did things end up with Simon? 
 Simon, what do you mean, you killed your father? 
 I... I put him in a cab, got him home. 
 Okay. 
 Oh, Mona called, she said something about the delivery of a sign. 
 [chuckles] 
 Well, that was supposed to be a surprise, not that it matters now. 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 I had it made when I still thought Barry was onboard. 
 What do you think? Too much? 
 No, I like it. 
 Little on the nose for me. 
 [sighs] 
 I wanted to apologize for last night. 
 I said a lot of things, and... I... 
 I wasn't in the right space. 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I wanted to drop off this. 
 Look, I... I know I wouldn't be in the position I'm in if you hadn't of done what you did for me, and when you needed help, I should've been there for you, so here. 
 Come on, this is an investment, right? 
 And I will see returns? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Tell you what, consider it a retainer for your services. 
 This whole CEO thing, it's not exactly in my wheelhouse. 
 I'm gonna need some coaching, and if in return I help out around here from time to time... 
 Coaching? 
 Yeah. 
 What do you think? 
 [elevator bell dings] 
 Hail, hail. The gang's all here. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Oh, relax, darlings. 
 I'm not here to fight. 
 I'm here to surrender. And celebrate. 
 Celebrate what? 
 New beginnings. 
 I'll admit, I was jealous of you two, starting a business without me, but I realized this is a chance for new beginnings, a way for us all to find happiness. 
 It's those dreams we share. 
 That's what's important here. 
 So, what was so urgent you needed me to come into the office in the middle of the night? 
 [stirring music] 
 How long ago did you collect that sample? 
 An hour ago, which explains the urgency. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Well, as soon as we have your surrogate prepped and ready, I'll call the lab and set things in motion. 
 She's ready right now. 
 To the birth of a new business. to new beginnings, second chances, and to family. 
 To family. 
 To family. 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 