Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - ... Through Family - Satisfaction 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - ... Through Family https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=472&t=23201 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/15 20:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - ... Through Family 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Satisfaction"... 
 Cancer? 
 Stage four. 
 It's everywhere. 
 Do you know where your father is? 
 No. 
 We're going to Argentina. 
 There's a clinic down there. 
 If he disappears, you inherit his debt. 
 Arthur and his wife were killed in a car accident two days ago. 
 Holy crap. This is your closet? 
 There are a few things in here that could use a new owner. 
 You know, my mom would never do something like this for me. 
 We can't go back to what we were. 
 Did you know that the most popular online escort service had 2 million subscribers last year? 
 It's a morally ambiguous market. 
 Barry, you're already a member of a service yourself. 
 The accident was faked. 
 I needed to make it look like I was gone, but I am still alive. 
 Now, I need to see you. 
 I can explain it all to you then. 
 What do you think? 
 Too much? 
 Mm. 
 Too much. 
 Grace, go with your first instinct. 
 It's usually right, and it's how good business gets done. 
 I've just never been in a pitch meeting before. 
 Think of it like a second date. 
 You pick up where you left off, you tell him something new, and you laugh at all his jokes. 
 You heard anything more from Simon? 
 No. 
 I can't imagine what he's going through. 
 Maybe I should drop off some... 
 Barry. 
 Jesus, it's like a ghost town in here. 
 Give everyone the afternoon off? 
 How are you? 
 How was your flight? 
 Oh, you know, Neil, when you own the plane, you never feel the turbulence. 
 Nice flowers. 
 Thank you. 
 Can we just jump in? 
 I reviewed your business plan. Impressive. 
 But I have to be honest. 
 My accountant wants to have me committed for even considering it. 
 And yet here you are. 
 Well, call me curious. 
 The P and L projections are conservative, but still, they have you in the black within three years. 
 I'm not talking about the money. 
 You're married. 
 We are. 
 At our previous meeting, you introduced Grace as your partner, not your wife. 
 Why? 
 Well... she is my partner, and at the time I didn't think it was important. 
 And all that talk about honesty? 
 It's an interesting detail to leave out. 
 Barry, if our marriage was the issue, you wouldn't have got on a plane to come out here, so... what are you really asking? 
 What's a married couple doing getting involved in the world of s*x for hire? 
 All right, first of all, it's not always about the s*x. 
 That's what people can assume it is, but very often it's just about connecting with someone. 
 That's right. 
 Does that mean you both...? 
 We are strictly management. 
 Can't have it all, I guess. 
 We had it all, Barry, and we lost it. 
 Now we just want to focus on each other. 
 That's what this is about for us. 
 It started with a land deal in Malawi through the company. 
 Omar was invested in it, and I had to renege. 
 He thought I still owed him. 
 He made it very clear that if I didn't pay him, he'd... 
 Now he thinks I owe him. 
 You're head of the company now. 
 You dissolve the board, you put it up for sale, you tell Omar you'll pay him pennies on the dollar. 
 He'll take it. 
 Trust me. 
 This was your plan the whole time. 
 You faked your death so I can pay off your debts. 
 And the cancer, that was...? 
 Just to buy me time. 
 All this talk about bringing me back into your life, and about caring again. 
 It was all bullshit. 
 No, Simon. 
 That was real. 
 You did it to save your ass. 
 How am I supposed to believe anything you say? 
 It's all lies. 
 And you've been so honest? 
 Do you think I don't know what was going on between you and Emma behind my back? 
 Did she know about any of this? 
 I had to tell her once we were down there after you called. 
 Look, we can't take any more risks. 
 I'll put you in touch with her once Omar's gone. 
 Maybe in a few years we can all come back together, and I can meet my grandchild. 
 She took a test. 
 It's for real. 
 I didn't mean for any of this to happen. 
 I hadn't seen her in years, and she came to see me... 
 You can't dwell on that now. There's no time. 
 All right, it happened. 
 End of story. 
 Maybe one day I'll even be happy for you two. 
 These are specific instructions on what you need to do next. 
 I'll be in touch. 
 Hi. 
 Just the person I was looking for. 
 I wanted to drop these by before you go. 
 To college? 
 How did you know? 
 Well, I just know things, dear. 
 It's a talent I have. 
 The dresses you tried on, plus a few others. 
 Like I said, when you get over a man, you need a new wardrobe, Well, I don't know if I'll be wearing cocktail attire to music theory, but thank you. 
 You never get in trouble for being the best dressed person in any situation. 
 Remember that. 
 And I have something else for you. 
 The security code for the alarm at my house. 
 If you ever need a quiet space away from school, your parents. 
 It was really nice to have you there. 
 Oh, uh... sorry. 
 Hi, Chisa. 
 Yeah, sorry. 
 Tonight? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 I don't want to stay, I just... 
 I wanted to drop off some food. 
 You didn't have to do that. 
 Simon, I... I'm so sorry about your father and Emma. 
 How are you? 
 All things considered, I'm not really sure yet. 
 I picked up some prepared food, and those sodas you like. 
 Oh, and... 
 When my grandmother died, we ran out, and didn't have any for days, and nobody bothered to go get some, so ever since I come bearing toilet paper. 
 Yeah. 
 Neil told me about the will, and something about a debt? 
 You can stop, okay? 
 You need help with arrangements? 
 I don't know if you have anybody... 
 No, arrangements are on hold for the time being. 
 Okay? 
 Is there anything else you want to pry into? 
 I'm not trying to pry. 
 I don't know. 
 Last time you went through my stuff when I wasn't here trying to find out about my family. 
 I just... I want you to know that no matter what you need, we're here for you. 
 Neil and I. 
 Okay. 
 That was... 
 I get it, but... no. 
 All right, I'm gonna go, but if you need help with... with anything, just... 
 Wait. 
 I really need to talk to somebody about this. 
 Wow. 
 You scared me. 
 No, you're scaring me. 
 You look like... a woman. 
 Hmm. 
 Why are you wearing that dress? 
 Chisa is having a welcome back good-bye party for me tonight, and I already checked with mom, and she said it's okay. 
 It's just a couple people, and Chisa's parents will be home. 
 Dad, I've known Chisa since, like, second grade. 
 Neil? 
 Neil? 
 Hey. 
 You never told me Anika was going out to Chisa's tonight. 
 Look, I know we had the talk with her, and I know she's already 18, but... 
 What's the matter? 
 I have to talk to you. 
 What's your name, sweetheart? 
 Leonardo. 
 He said the car crash was faked. 
 He actually saw Arthur in the flesh this morning. 
 They talked. 
 You're kidding? 
 I didn't believe it either. 
 When did you see Simon? 
 I dropped by his place earlier with some food to offer condolences. 
 He needed to tell someone. 
 It's crazy, right? 
 You don't need to fake your own death to liquidate a company. 
 No, but apparently there's this guy named Omar involved that would want to hurt him, and Simon's convinced that if he goes to the police it could make things worse. 
 I'm really worried about him. 
 Just... he's doesn't know where to turn. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, well, I know that feeling. 
 When Daniel turned up at our house that day. 
 The stakes were so high. 
 You make the wrong move... 
 Thankfully you made the right call. 
 I think we should set up another session. 
 I don't think we found him. 
 Adriana. 
 It's quite a pickle you're in, darling. 
 Is that supposed to be funny? 
 Yeah, a little bit. 
 You really thought this was a good idea? 
 Simon, take a breath. 
 Could you please be serious for one second? 
 Can you? 
 I'm still waiting for an answer as to why this problem had to come knock at my door. 
 You know Omar. You know that world. 
 I know Omar from a long time ago. 
 Another lifetime, really. 
 It doesn't have to directly involve you. 
 Your lawyer? Raymond? 
 You've done it before. 
 Sweetheart, the only reason I helped you out with the dead man in your pool was because I was at serious risk as well. 
 No, the only reason you helped us out was because you were in love with my husband. 
 And it appears he's not the one asking for a favor. 
 You know what? 
 This is ridiculous. 
 I didn't ask for anyone's help. 
 I got myself into this. 
 I stole the paintings. I slept with Emma. 
 I will get myself out of it. 
 Simon, look, we all care about you. 
 Just hear us out. 
 She's practically begging you, darling. 
 Let's face it, the four of us, we've been through a lot. 
 Hell, I'd go as far as to say that we're all one mad, dysfunctional family at this point. 
 You're including me in this family? 
 I wouldn't choose to, but I guess I have to admit it. 
 You know what? 
 We've all pretty much slept with each other. 
 Better or worse, I guess that kind of makes us connected. 
 Well, I'm touched, but maybe not so sentimental. 
 Say I was interested in the money. 
 How much are we talking? 
 Name a price. 
 Half-percent profits on fourth quarter earnings in Waverly Industries. 
 And I want a seat on the board. 
 Are you insane? 
 You really want to expose your company to that much scrutiny? 
 I'll take my chances. It'll look good on my résumé. 
 A seat on the board or no deal. 
 Okay. 
 All right then. 
 Let's make it official. 
 Did you really mean that about...? 
 We wouldn't be here if I didn't. 
 Well, technically this is all yours now. 
 We're here to see Ryan. 
 I'm Simon. 
 Oh, my gosh. You're Simon. 
 I'm so sorry. We're all just... 
 We loved your father so much. Emma too. 
 Simon? 
 Simon, Ryan. 
 We spoke on the phone? 
 Yes, hi. 
 This is my associate, Neil. 
 Let's go back to the office. 
 So, we called ahead. 
 Wanted to look at the Malawi deal. 
 Had the files set up for you right there. 
 Perfect. 
 We're assembling the staff, if you want to introduce yourself. 
 You are in charge now. 
 Yeah, of course. I should do that. 
 Thanks. 
 Never thought I'd be here. 
 The family business. 
 What are you looking for? 
 If you want to know what people are really up to, you look at where the money goes. 
 If Arthur owed Omar that much, there's gonna be more to the story. 
 Let me see that envelope he gave you. 
 Thanks. 
 If you want to go check out the offices, this is gonna take a while. 
 All right. Sure. 
 I think that's Simon. 
 He's in charge here? 
 That's definitely him. 
 Unbelievable. 
 That's our new boss. 
 You ready, Simon? 
 Really? 
 You want to stay a second night? 
 Yeah, her parents got us tickets for a play tonight, and I already packed for Rand, so... 
 I can put Chisa's mom on the phone if you want. 
 No, honey, it's not that I don't trust you. 
 It's just your father and I want one-on-one time with you before you go. 
 I know, but I'm gonna spend all day tomorrow with you guys. 
 Are you in my room yet? 
 Yes. 
 Okay, in the closet, top shelf. 
 I have those jeans that I love. 
 If you can just drop them off here so I don't have to wear this dress all day. 
 Mom? 
 Did you find them? 
 Grace is here. 
 Darling, you remember Raymond. 
 Yes. Hi again. 
 Things are good? 
 I'm gonna get to the office, get in touch with my guy at the embassy, see what I can come up with. 
 Thank you, darling. 
 He managed to locate Emma's passport records. 
 It's a good first step to finding her. 
 That looks familiar. 
 You never mentioned anything to me about giving Anika dresses. 
 I gave Anika some dresses. 
 And you came to the house when I wasn't there. 
 Aren't we past this, Grace? 
 Our daughter is off limits. 
 I was being gracious. 
 Having Anika here, it... it opened up something in me. 
 I think I'm finally ready to start my own family. 
 I had some eggs frozen years ago. 
 It's time. 
 You're not serious? 
 I already started pulling back on bookings. 
 Thought I could hand over some to you and Neil. 
 You will be starting your own business soon, right? 
 I admit I was surprised to learn about your new venture, especially considering Neil and Simon's little experiment earlier, but taking it mainstream? 
 We're still working on the model, and we're not trying to put you out of business. 
 I'm sure it hadn't crossed your mind at all. 
 I'm tired of fighting all the time, Grace. 
 Let's call a truce. 
 I have a lot to offer, and maybe you can help me navigate this motherhood thing. 
 What do you say? 
 Can you really see her trying to raise a kid? 
 She's never had to sacrifice for anyone else. 
 Everything she does revolves around her. 
 Having a kid, you have to give up your life as you know it. 
 There is no way she could do that. 
 Did you hear any of that? 
 Arthur Waverly was entangled in a slew of lawsuits. 
 There's a litigation for faulty construction, bad land deals. 
 That happens to every major corporation, doesn't it? 
 Yeah, but the corporation's not named as defendant. 
 It's Arthur personally, and this Malawi deal. 
 Something's not right about it. 
 It's a good thing you're doing. 
 Helping Simon. 
 It's just I never said, "Thank you." 
 I'm just saying. 
 Not everyone would be so generous towards the man who used to sleep with his wife. 
 Well, not every woman would take her husband back after he became an escort, and want to start a business with him. 
 Hey. 
 Can you contact your father? Set up a meeting. The three of us. 
 
 
 
 Hi. I just heard from Raymond. He'd like to see all of us this afternoon. It sounds like he might have something. 
 Great. 
 So, you should probably tell Neil and Simon. 
 You didn't need to drive over here to tell me that. 
 No, no. I... 
 I'd like you to help me find a man. 
 Excuse me? 
 Just let me in, and I'll show you. 
 Right. 
 Sounds good. 
 We'll see you there. 
 We're all meeting at Bastion in an hour with Adriana's lawyer. 
 How much longer do you want to wait? 
 You sure you told him the right time? 
 Yeah, I'm sure. 
 He's not coming. 
 He must sense that we're on to him. 
 Are we? 
 From the other day. 
 It's what I dug up in his office. 
 So, these are men from your roster? 
 And then some. 
 Pick your top three. 
 Oh, Neil and I aren't exactly ready for... 
 Oh, no, no. 
 This isn't about your business, Grace. 
 This is about me. I looked through some candidates at the clinic where my eggs are the other day, and honestly, I just... 
 I can't trust anything I haven't touched myself. 
 I can't even tell what I'm looking at here. 
 Is this a land lease? 
 Yeah, but it's forged. 
 It's pretty easy to forge paperwork. 
 I learned that the hard way this year. 
 The Malawi deal never existed. 
 What? 
 It's not real. 
 It's fake. 
 Yeah, but if the deal didn't exist... 
 It means that Arthur created a fake debt to Omar. 
 Why? 
 Well, he wanted you on the board, that's clear. 
 Yeah, but he could've done that while he was alive. 
 Could he? 
 Oh, you're looking for a donor? 
 Well, that's still the way you make a baby. 
 Adriana, this has to be your decision. 
 I can't help you with this. 
 I just want to know what you think. 
 Come on. 
 We both know you understand what it takes to find a good father. 
 Asshole has been doing this to me my entire life. 
 Lies to me about everything. He manipulates me. 
 All right, we don't know the whole story. 
 I'll tell you the whole story. 
 Arthur Waverly is a piece of sh1t and a lousy father. 
 Emma is carrying my child, and he won't even tell me where she is. 
 Do you want the child's father to be in your life? 
 I didn't grow up with a father, so... 
 What do I know? 
 He died when I was six. 
 Who knows, it's not like there's a guarantee he would've done a good job. 
 I wish he really was dead. 
 If only that b*st*rd had actually died in a car crash. 
 Look, Simon, I get that you're angry. 
 Do you? 
 Is it that obvious? 
 But we need to focus on what's in front of us. 
 Which is what? 
 It's a bunch of paperwork. 
 How's this gonna help me find Emma? 
 We find Arthur, we find Emma. 
 We need to focus. 
 One foot in front of the other, and we will figure this out. 
 I used the new cell number you gave me from your father to trace his calls. 
 Now, he hasn't called Emma or Argentina at all, but he has spoken with Omar several times in the last 24 hours at length. 
 I'm not following. 
 The whole point of faking his death was to avoid Omar. 
 Now they're talking? 
 More like working together. 
 And I think I know why. 
 Lawsuits. 
 Hundreds of lawsuits filed against Arthur worth hundreds of millions of dollars. 
 But even if he's dead, his estate would still have to pay his debt. 
 No, that's the thing. 
 His personal estate is practically nil. 
 He has very little cash. 
 Everything he leaves to Simon and to Emma, it's almost entirely from the company. 
 And if he sold the company, he'd have to pay off those judgments with his profits, but if he dies, and his son inherits Waverly Industries... 
 He gets me to sell the company, funnel all that money to an offshore trust. 
 He gets everything free and clear. 
 All he has to do is pay off Omar for his part of the scam. 
 He's been playing me this whole time. 
 You're not gonna get all the answers or locate Emma till you find him. 
 Omar would know where to find him. 
 You know where to find Omar? 
 When I said before that I know him from another life, let's just say if I called, he'd be anxious to see me, and happy to pay for it. 
 Pay for what? 
 I wasn't always in management. 
 Wait. You used to... 
 Make more money in one night than you can make in a month. 
 Omar doesn't know my connection to Simon or Arthur. 
 If we meet, I can get information from him, but he always liked two girls at once. 
 I'd need someone with me... 
 Who I could trust. 
 What? No, that's not gonna happen. 
 I'd just need help long enough to distract him. 
 No, I'm not comfortable with Grace seeing Omar. 
 The guy is dangerous. 
 All right, maybe someone should ask Grace what she thinks. 
 Let's do it. 
 Make the call. 
 Well, don't you look available. 
 She's up in her room. 
 Oh. 
 Do you want to go first or should I? 
 You look beautiful. 
 Thank you, so do you. 
 How do you feel? 
 Nervous, what else? 
 Darling, the last thing you want to be is nervous. 
 This job requires confidence, and the ability to put someone at ease. 
 If you can't do that, we'll have a problem. 
 I just don't like you posing as some... 
 Same old story, isn't it? 
 When a man does it, he's a stud, and when it's a woman, she's a slut. 
 Okay, yes. Yes, you got me, but it's different for women. 
 Men are stronger. 
 Women are more vulnerable. 
 With everything that's happened in the last six months, the last thing I am is vulnerable. 
 Feels different, doesn't it? 
 Being on the other side? 
 Ah, it's getting late. 
 We should go. 
 What a vision you are. 
 Oh. 
 Even better than I remember. 
 I'd like to think I brought you out of retirement, but... 
 Would I have any other reason? 
 Omar, this is Grace. 
 Grace, Omar. 
 Pleasure. 
 Hopefully there's more to come. 
 Mm. 
 Nice. 
 This one is nice. 
 We're meeting in a public place. 
 I'll be perfectly safe. 
 And Adriana will be with me the whole time. 
 Great, well, we all know how Adriana sticks to a plan. 
 Omar, we were meeting at the restaurant. 
 What are you doing here? 
 It's been so long. 
 I couldn't possibly sit through an entire meal, waiting for what I wanted from the beginning. 
 So let's get started. 
 Actually, I have a better idea. 
 Why don't we all take a shower together? 
 What do you say? 
 Trying to tell me something? 
 Oh, absolutely. 
 I want to get wet with you. 
 What do you say? 
 Sounds like fun. 
 Sure. 
 A little fun in the shower, and then back here on the bed. 
 Right this way. 
 I'll turn down the sheets, and get things ready in here. 
 Wonderful. 
 Be right in. 
 You sure this is it? 
 According to his calendar, Omar met someone named AW three times here in the last two days. 
 Come on. 
 I think I see a house. 
 Porch light on. 
 Yeah, but no car. 
 Well, let me. 
 How the hell do you know how to do that? 
 There's a lot you don't know about me, Neil. 
 Oh, he's definitely staying here. 
 I've been here before. 
 Must've been about five years old. 
 I remember being out in a canoe with my mom and dad. 
 He was singing some corny sailor song, and she was laughing. 
 So, what now? 
 We wait. 
 All his stuff's here. 
 He'll be back. 
 You know, I've really been meaning to say thank you for helping me with all this. 
 You're welcome. 
 It's funny. 
 Felt like I was losing one family, and then... you know, you realize... 
 Yeah. 
 You know what? 
 You should go. 
 It's cool. I'm okay. 
 Neil, it's 4:00 a.m. 
 You have to drive Anika to college in the morning. 
 I'm fine, Simon. 
 It's not just that, okay? 
 He's my father. 
 I need to hear this all from him. 
 Man to man. 
 Father to son. 
 I'm asking you to go. 
 I need to do this alone. 
 So peaceful out here. 
 Still have that canoe. 
 From when I was a kid. 
 You remember bringing me here? 
 I thought you would've sold the place by now. 
 Upgraded. 
 Well, I'm sentimental that way. 
 So, how'd it go at the company? 
 Did you arrange for the sale? 
 We're way past all that, Arthur. 
 You thought I wouldn't ask any questions if you just kept Emma away from me, right? 
 It was all part of the plan. 
 I know everything. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I know about Malawi. 
 I know that you and Omar are working together. 
 Wouldn't call it working together exactly. 
 Omar's pretty good at being the tough guy, but not a whole lot going on upstairs. 
 When the dust settles, and the company's yours, you slip him 100 grand, he'll go away. 
 Yeah, so it really was all you. 
 Simon... 
 Shut up. 
 The company. 
 It's gonna be mine, and you are gonna pay for what you did. 
 Oh, I'm gonna pay for what? 
 For making you rich? 
 Faking a death, forging a land deal. 
 There's plenty. And once I call the police, I'm sure they're gonna find even more. 
 Oh, is that what you're gonna do now? 
 I want to hear her voice. 
 Call her. 
 Call Emma. 
 You know, you never even said sorry to me. 
 You slept with my wife, Simon. 
 You slept with my wife. 
 I tried to be okay with it 'cause God knows I've had my dick in a few places over the years that it shouldn't have been in, so I let it go, but you can only push a man so far. 
 Where is she? 
 Pregnant? 
 The one thing that I couldn't give her. 
 How was I supposed to react when she said that, huh? 
 How would any man react? 
 What are you saying? 
 I thought she was kidding. 
 Then she broke down, and started talking about how she needed to be honest with me. 
 When she said it was yours, I wanted to strangle her, but I pushed her. 
 Yeah, a little harder than I meant to, but I meant to, and down those stairs she went. 
 Come on. 
 Do you have any idea the kind of pressure I have been under? 
 No, you don't, do you? 
 'Cause you don't understand how hard I have worked my whole life. 
 Where is she? 
 What I have done for this family. 
 No, all you've ever had to do was take care of yourself, and what did you turn into? 
 A goddamn whore! 
 Where is she? 
 She's dead! 
 Aah! 
 Aah! 
 Are you sure you've signed all the paperwork? 
 Yes, Dad. 
 Admissions sent an email confirmation, and it's just orientation. 
 We're gonna need to stop for gas. 
 What's the plan when we get there? 
 Unpack and check into the dorms. 
 Mom, save some tears for when we actually have to say good-bye. 
 I'm fine, honey. 
 Hey. 
 You never told me. 
 How was last night? 
 What do you mean? I told you. 
 Adriana got an "emergency call," and gave him his money back, and... an old trick of hers from back in the old days. 
 I meant, how did it feel playing the part of an escort? 
 You're right. 
 I think it is different for a woman. 
 Oh, I have to take this. 
 Can you...? 
 Thanks. 
 Simon. 
 He's gone. 
 What? 
 Back to Argentina. 
 To be with Emma. 
 I don't understand. 
 It's just over. 
 We're done. 
 No, Simon. 
 It's not over. 
 Arthur committed fraud. 
 You need to contact the authorities. 
 They'll get in touch with the embassy down there... 
 Neil. 
 I need to put this behind me. 
 Omar's not a factor anymore. 
 The company's mine. 
 I just want to move on. 
 Yeah, but Arthur is still out there. 
 As far as I am concerned, he's been dead to me for a long time, and I'd like to keep it that way. 
 Neil. 
 I have to go. 
 Everything okay? 
 Yeah. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 