Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - ... Through Travel - Satisfaction 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - ... Through Travel https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=472&t=23179 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/18/15 11:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - ... Through Travel 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Neil : Previously on Satisfaction. 
 Adriana : You don't need whips and chains to dominate someone. It's all in the mind. 
 Grace : You said, "Pain and pleasure are two sides of the same coin." 
 I want to know what power feels like. 
 The investigation will be closed on Monday when they arrest Victor on fraud and money laundering charges. 
 I go to jail, and who benefits? 
 We're going to Argentina. 
 My father isn't sick. He's been faking his illness. 
 His bodyguard Donny, I've left him messages. 
 So far, nothing. 
 His sudden lack of presence was so that he wouldn't have to pay Omar Sandahl. 
 That's me. 
 You killed Donny. 
 You inherit his debt. 
 You never had kids. That's for sure. 
 Did you ever want? 
 I knew something was going on. 
 I knew it! I knew it! 
 I'm sorry. I'm sorry. 
 I came to give you this. 
 It's the money your mother and I set aside for college. 
 May I help you? 
 I'm sorry to show up like this. 
 You're Adriana, right? 
 Yes. 
 Neil : We have to embrace that this business, our business, is about making an impact on clients, not just an income. 
 It's about managing relationships, not just relying on returns. 
 Victor's departure is a shock, no doubt, but it's also an opportunity for us to better ourselves, to bring our clients a more honest, a more personal approach. 
 The Buddha says "What we think, we become," and I think... 
 I had five clients call me this weekend and ask to pull all their funds, and Janice had eight. 
 I can't even get half of mine to return my calls. 
 Who else is having difficulty? Show of hands. 
 This firm has faced challenges before, and we've overcome. 
 Now, I promise you, we will do it again. 
 So let's go over our projections. 
 My dad gave me some money. 
 A lot of money, and I lost it. 
 You lost it? 
 No... Well, it wasn't as simple as that. 
 Anika voice-over : I was traveling for a while and playing at these music festivals and making all sorts of new friends, and it was a blast. 
 [California Dreamin' playing] 
 And then about a month ago, I came across this group of people. 
 It was like this family atmosphere, and everyone was so free. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 And that's where I met him. 
 ♪ All the leaves are brown ♪ 
 Julian. 
 ♪ And the sky is grey ♪ 
 Adriana : Tell me about him. 
 ♪ I've been for a walk ♪ 
 Come on. Top shelf's inside. 
 Anika : Well, he lives in this trailer in the woods, and he said he went to Harvard and that he's a chemist. 
 Adriana : A chemist in a trailer? 
 Do you know what that sounds like? 
 Anika : I know, but he's really smart, and he has this philosophy about life and religion, and he understands things. 
 Ever since I can remember, I've always thought that there was more to this world than meets the eye, that there were other planes, hidden doorways to get you there. 
 Have you ever had a psychedelic experience? 
 Adriana : There were drugs involved? 
 Anika : It wasn't about that, though. 
 We connected on a much deeper level. 
 I don't know. It's like he knew what I was... what I was looking for. 
 You're not traveling, you're searching. 
 Those who travel are lost. 
 Those who seek, such as ourselves... know exactly what they're looking for. 
 ♪ I stopped in to a church ♪ 
♪ That I passed along the way ♪ 
 Anika : He said he wanted to usher in a new consciousness, and that he created a new method to make that happen. 
 ♪ Well, I got down on my knees ♪ 
♪ And I begin to pray ♪ 
 He called it a new type of spirit molecule... 
 The ultimate psychedelic. 
 ♪ The preacher give me clothes ♪ 
♪ 'Cause he know I'm gonna stay ♪ 
 I never felt anything like it in my life. 
 It opened my eyes to so many new feelings and ideas. 
 ♪ California dreamin' on such a winter's day ♪ 
 But then things changed. 
 Changed how? 
 Anika, are you in trouble? 
 Are you pregnant? 
 Pregnant? No. 
 No, no, God no. Um, I just, uh... well, I ended up becoming a part of the community. 
 I slept in his trailer, and then one day I woke up and... 
 She's awake. 
 Where's my money? 
 It's not in my backpack. Did you take it? 
 My dad would die if he found out, and my mom would totally freak. 
 Darling, crashing here last night is one thing, but, well, there has to be somewhere else you can go. 
 All my friends are away at college, and my aunt's in Egypt or something. 
 My mom always said you were really cool. 
 I'm trying to reach my father, Arthur Waverly. 
 No, I don't want to leave another message. 
 He's not getting 'em... his cell doesn't work down there. 
 No, don't put me on hold again! 
 [knock at door] 
 Are you Simon? I'm Detective Monroe. 
 This is Detective Lacy. 
 Can we come in? 
 Sure. 
 You're Arthur Waverly's son. Is that right? 
 Different last names, though. 
 I like my privacy. 
 "Waverly" tends to draw a crowd. 
 What's this about? 
 Do you know who that is? 
 I think he works for my father. 
 Are you two friendly? 
 Something happen? 
 I'm afraid so. 
 We're conducting a homicide investigation. 
 Simon, where are you going? 
 Suitcase on the bed. 
 Looks like we caught you in the middle of packing. 
 Argentina. 
 Well, Donny's last incoming call came from your phone, and we know he called you a couple of times before that. 
 Seems he doesn't have any family, and since we can't locate Arthur, we were hoping you could help us out. 
 Det. Lacy : So why'd you call Donny the other day? 
 I was looking for my dad. 
 Your dad, who's not around, and now you're going out of the country. 
 I think you should postpone that flight, come into the station, and talk with us. 
 You're not gonna be able to travel right now. 
 ♪ I can't get no ♪ 
♪ Satisfaction ♪ 
♪ And I try and I try ♪ 
♪ And I try ♪ 
♪ And I try ♪ 
♪ I can't get no ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ 
 [rock music playing] 
 ♪ Say you make me crazy, but, hey ♪ 
♪ Ooh, you're mine ♪ 
 Neil? 
 ♪ Ooh, the way you love me, honey, yeah ♪ 
♪ I said it's fine, fine, yeah ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 Who's Hamilton? 
 Oh, he's no one. 
 I see. No one sent you flowers. 
 ♪ You're the last one for me ♪ 
 No, I, um... 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I met him at that fetish club. 
 Adriana took me. I told you about it. 
 It was nothing. 
 Didn't you get my texts? 
 I did, I did. 
 I barely read them. 
 I got a call earlier about design work and met with a client, and they wouldn't stop talking. 
 [sighs] 
 What's going on? 
 We had 25 clients jump ship today. 
 I've been on the phone since breakfast. 
 Oh. 25? What... what does that mean? 
 There's still some top tier investors that I haven't been in contact with yet. 
 I know that I can convince them to stay if I pitch them face-to-face. 
 At least I think I can. 
 I'm gonna jump on a plane tomorrow. 
 If I can convince them to stay, we'll be okay. 
 If I can't... 
 Why don't I come with you? 
 And do what? 
 Just be there for support. 
 Grace, you don't have to compensate now. 
 I'm not angry about the flowers. 
 No, I'm not... I'm not trying to compensate. 
 I just... I'm partly responsible for all this, and we're in this together now. 
 We said we're gonna try things differently, so let's try. 
 [Joy Enriquez's Two's plays] 
 ♪ They took me to the club looking so fly ♪ 
♪ Snuggle's lookin' at me, like, two times ♪ 
♪ I'm getting stopped because I wasn't feeling them right ♪ 
♪ They try to pull me seein' that my thighs were so nice ♪ 
♪ They took me right I let 'em look me in my eyes ♪ 
♪ I let them knew I wasn't playing games tonight ♪ 
♪ So, if you really wanna talk to me, then wait in line ♪ 
♪ So you sayin' that you loving me here right ♪ 
♪ Stop playin' and gamin' and get your mind right ♪ 
 You are gonna call that child's parents, right? 
 I gave her 24 hours. 
 What are you planning? 
 You still remember what it's like to be young and stupid, don't you? 
 She just needs help, that's all. 
 [clears throat] 
 That's not him, is it? 
 Uh, no. I was just looking at my, uh, playlists. 
 Do you mind if I change the music? 
 No. 
 Hip-hop's not really my thing. 
 Make yourself at home. 
 [dreamy music plays] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [vocalizing] 
 Do you remember what we talked about? 
 We're a family here. 
 That means we trust each other and support. 
 I said I would help out, not give it all away. 
 If we're going to usher in a whole new level of consciousness... 
 For the past month, all it seems like we're doing is getting high. 
 And you know that that's an integral part of it. 
 Look, when you feel cornered you revert back to your old thought patterns. 
 We've been over this. 
 And I just... 
 I just want my money back. 
 I want to go home. 
 You really like that music, huh? 
 Sorry. 
 I know it's not for everyone. 
 Uh, I'm just gonna go listen to it upstairs. 
 [hip-hop music plays] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [indistinct talking] 
 Rosalie : Simon... you can't just walk into a house like this. 
 Just a few minutes. 
 I don't recall extending you an invite. 
 I'm sorry to barge in like this, all right? 
 I really need your help. 
 You should have thought of that before you abandoned a client of mine at the party the other night. 
 I need a lawyer. 
 I know from Neil you have good connections, and I just had some homicide detectives show up at my house. 
 What? Homicide? 
 It's not me. It's something related to my father. 
 You said my father's an old friend of yours. 
 Okay? 
 How does someone like him wind up owing $50 million to an Omar Sandhal? 
 You know who that is? 
 I could be in a lot of trouble here. 
 What your father does, lease foreign land rights for mining purposes, it's very profitable. 
 It's very corrupt, but very profitable. 
 You hire someone like Omar to help soften the ground when you need political assistance in a new territory, and they expect to be compensated. 
 If you're in trouble with Omar, a lawyer isn't going to help. 
 I just need to get out of the country and find my dad. 
 Can't you help me with that? 
 If I go to the airport and I show my ID, I'm gonna get stopped. If you can just put me in... 
 Simon, you want work, you come to me. 
 You want help like that? 
 I either need to owe you or be in love with you, neither of which applies here. 
 Adriana, if I had anywhere else to turn... 
 Then I guess you're at a dead end. 
 Rosalie. 
 Time's up. 
 Come on. 
 stewardess over P.A. : We thank you for choosing to fly with us today. 
 We will be pulling back from the gate shortly. 
 Would you or your wife like to stow anything before I close the bin? 
 No, we're good. Thanks. 
 Oh, and, um... she's not my wife. 
 stewardess : I'm so sorry. 
 I saw the same last names and just assumed. 
 Oh, people make that mistake all the time. 
 We're business colleagues. 
 We're on a business trip. 
 Well, my apologies. 
 Enjoy your flight. 
 Thank you. 
 Trying things differently, like our date the other night, only this time since the experiment is about business... 
 Okay, Neil, I think I get it. 
 And as your business colleague, I put something together for you. 
 What is this? 
 List of the clients we're meeting, key points from their social profiles, personal info, that sort of stuff. 
 I worked on it with Mona. 
 You're gonna sell 'em on the numbers, and I'm giving you the personal touch. 
 Teamwork. 
 steward over P.A. : At this time, we ask all passengers to turn off personal electronic devices and stow them for takeoff. 
 We will notify you when it is safe to use them again. 
 Neil... 
 Yeah, it's a client. 
 It'll only take a second. 
 Do all your clients send glamour shots in their texts? 
 This is for the other business. 
 I'm referring her to Simon. 
 Oh. 
 I didn't... I didn't realize you and Simon were still doing that. 
 We've been booked solid since the article came out. 
 I guess everything that's happened this past week, we haven't really had a chance to talk. 
 Sir, your phone. 
 Oh. Sorry. 
 I guess what my colleague does on his own time is his own business anyway. 
 Adriana : Anika? 
 Anika? 
 You busy? 
 So tell me more about this Julian. 
 What was so fantastic about him that he managed to arrest the attention of a woman such as yourself? 
 I don't know. 
 He's unlike anyone I've ever met. 
 Oh, the world is full of men like that. 
 [sighs] He made me feel, like... 
 Smart? 
 Beautiful? 
 Transcendent. 
 You are. 
 And you don't ever need a man to tell you that. 
 You don't understand. 
 Darling, I do. 
 Which is why I want to help. 
 Come. 
 Holy crap. This is your closet? 
 Whenever I need to get over a man, I buy myself a new wardrobe. 
 There are a few things in here that could use a new owner. 
 We really should do something about that hair. 
 Here. 
 Try these on. Go on, go. 
 Lot more to get through in here. 
 You know, my mom would never do something like this for me. 
 She hated me in her closet. 
 Go. 
 [footsteps approaching] 
 Already? 
 Well, you said as soon as you got her out of the room. 
 I found drugs. A lot. 
 And this. 
 It's been 24 hours. 
 You're gonna call Neil now, right? 
 All right, we're all checked in, and I got 'em to give us free breakfast and a late checkout, too. 
 All right, the first client should be here in about five minutes. 
 You get your presentation? 
 Yes. 
 You're gonna do great, honey. 
 I'm not sure my wife would appreciate you calling me "honey," darling. 
 Oh, you're right. Very unprofessional. 
 Good luck, Neil. 
 Thank you. 
 What are you doing? 
 I haven't eaten since the plane. 
 I thought I'd get an early dinner. 
 Here? 
 Is that gonna be distracting? 
 sh1t, he's early. All right. 
 Make sure the bartender makes my drinks weak and the client's drinks strong. 
 I'm gonna be here a while. 
 David! 
 David, good to see you. 
 Shall we have a drink? 
 I don't know if what I have to say is going to take that long. 
 I wanted to look you in the eye and personally let you know that your money is safe with us, and looking to improve. 
 I put together some numbers. 
 Well, the numbers look great, but this is not about numbers, Neil. 
 This is about trust, and Bastion has lost all of mine. 
 You've been in business with us for ten years. 
 If you could just hang in there for six months. 
 Neil, we really like you. 
 Always have, but Bastion's toxic now. 
 My lawyers will get in touch about the transfer. 
 I'm really sorry. 
 
 
 
 ♪ Vultures above my head dying to be fed ♪ 
♪ Though I've been wounded no, I won't lie down there ♪ 
♪ This game of death and life is fight or flight ♪ 
 I know things are different between us, but what are you trying to do over here? 
 What are you talking about? 
 Neil? 
 Greg, didn't see you there. 
 Been chatting with your colleague here, and, well, I am very impressed. 
 She is quite the salesman. 
 Of course, I'm not the one that makes the decisions. 
 You know Barry always has me do his dirty work. 
 Well, why don't we all have a drink, and we can talk about it? 
 Since you met my colleague, give us a minute to change your mind. 
 Please. 
 No, you were amazing. 
 Oh, I just buttered him up. 
 You, you did the heavy lifting. 
 If Greg can get us this meeting, then we are back in business. 
 Just one guy? 
 Oh, Barry's a big fish. 
 If he stays, the others will regain confidence. 
 See, I knew having you along on this trip was a good idea. 
 Oh, really? That's what happened? 
 Uh-huh. Yeah, my wife? 
 She never would have allowed me to go out of town with such a beautiful woman, but I said, "No. 
 She is my business partner, and I need her." 
 What would your wife say about this, hmm? 
 Hm. 
 She knows I've done worse. 
 Oh, yeah? Like what? 
 Show me. 
 [growls] 
 [laughs] 
 [cell phone ringing] 
 Hey. 
 How are you? Thanks for calling me back. 
 No, no, no. Hey, wait. 
 Listen, um... 
 I need to see you. 
 Yes, uh, tonight. 
 Because it's important. It has to be tonight. 
 No. No, no. 
 I... I promise, not like last time. 
 Okay. Okay. 
 I'll be waiting. 
 ♪ Have my body ♪ 
♪ For your ♪ 
♪ Pleasure, pleasure ♪ 
 Adriana, echoing : And what would your wife say about this? 
 [paddle smacks] 
 Neil, echoing : She knows I've done worse. 
 Adriana, echoing : And what would your wife say about this? 
 Hey. 
 Did you forget something? 
 Client cancelled, and the three after that. 
 And my lunch was a no-show. 
 We had such success yesterday. 
 Greg was only gonna go back to his boss to try and get a meeting. 
 We'd still have to close the deal. 
 So that's it? 
 That's it. 
 So, uh, what does Neil the businessman normally do when he's on a business trip and things turn out like this? 
 You're gonna think it's crazy. 
 Really, with everything that's happened in the past few months, you have a secret I'm gonna think is crazy now? 
 Let's hear it for the lovely ladies of Theta Pi Kappa! 
 [cheers and applause] 
 This is crazy! 
 I can't believe you never told me you like to do this. 
 You're a terrible singer. 
 No, but that's the whole point. 
 You don't have to be perfect. 
 It relieves stress. 
 I don't care what you say. 
 Getting up there in front of a room full of strangers is stressful. 
 It's freeing. Trust me, you'll find out. 
 I'm not going up there. 
 Okay, next up, we have Neil and Grace Truman! 
 That's us. 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 No, no, no. 
 Yes, come on! 
 Teamwork, remember? 
 [cheers and applause] 
 All right, we'll do one of my favorites, all right? 
 Oh, boy. 
 [Cheap Trick's I Want You To Want Me plays] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ I want you to want me ♪ 
♪ I need you to need me ♪ 
 both : ♪ I'd love you to love me ♪ 
 Neil : ♪ I'll shine up my old brown shoes ♪ 
♪ I put on a brand-new shirt ♪ 
♪ I'll get home early from work ♪ 
♪ If you say ♪ 
♪ That you love me ♪ 
♪ Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you crying? ♪ 
♪ Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you crying? ♪ 
♪ Feeling all alone without a friend ♪ 
♪ You know you feel like dying ♪ 
♪ Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cry? ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ I want you to want me ♪ 
♪ I want you to want me ♪ 
♪ I want you to want me ♪ 
♪ I want you to want me ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 [door shuts] 
 Hello? 
 Julian, I presume. 
 I'm sorry, who are you? 
 I need to speak to you. 
 About Anika. 
 Are you her mother? 
 $22,345. 
 That's how much you stole from her. 
 I want it back. 
 I didn't steal anything. 
 Anika made a donation. 
 As for stealing, she took something of mine before she left. 
 Which you can have back when you return the money. 
 Should I really believe that? 
 You're not her mother. Who are you? 
 We don't have time for this sh1t. 
 Can you... 
 Anika told me all about her mother when she first got here. 
 Grace, I believe her name was. 
 I got the impression she was a good woman. 
 Authentic. 
 You seem a a bit too... sprayed, dyed, and injected. 
 You know... 
 Anika texted me. 
 Did you do this to her? 
 Dress her up like one of those reality TV tarts? 
 [sighs] So upsetting. 
 It's people like you that are bringing this world into a frightening state of consciousness... 
 [electricity crackles] 
 Ugh! 
 [Julian groans] 
 I'm only gonna say this one more time. 
 Return Anika's money. 
 It's gone. 
 All of it? 
 Invested. I can't get it back. 
 Rosalie : I don't see it. 
 [Julian sighs] 
 I want you to lose Anika's number. 
 I have friends at the DEA. 
 You so much as text that girl again, and your little party ends for good. 
 Screw... oh! 
 [electricity crackles] 
 [groans] 
 Wrong choice of words. 
 [slow jazz music plays] 
 [Julian groaning] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [knock at door] 
 My God. 
 How did you get more beautiful? 
 Champagne? 
 I told my driver to wait. 
 What am I doing here, Simon? 
 I've been thinking about you. A lot. 
 Is that why you called me this morning? 
 Six months ago you vanished off the face of the earth without so much as a phone call. 
 I know. 
 No, you don't know. 
 My marriage was in shambles, and you were the one bit of happiness I had in my life. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I really didn't mean for it to go down that way. 
 I was having family issues. 
 I'm not naive. 
 I know what our relationship was, but I thought you at least liked me enough to end things respectfully. 
 Let me make it up to you. 
 [moans] 
 Do you remember that weekend in Mexico? 
 Mm, how could I forget? 
 We should go again. 
 Mm, maybe. 
 When? 
 Now. 
 You're not serious. 
 Yeah, why not? 
 I enjoy being with you, Amara. 
 I'm glad we were able to reconnect. 
 Like tonight, it would be strictly off the books. 
 Well, I do have plans this weekend. 
 Cancel them. 
 It's a shareholder's meeting, quarterly earnings. 
 Say yes. 
 Mm-mm. 
 I'm the CEO. 
 I have to... 
 [gasps] 
 [moaning] 
 [moaning] 
 Yes, yes, okay. 
 I'll call Emilio and tell 'em to gas up the plane. 
 Good girl. 
 Maybe not Mexico this time, though. 
 Have you ever been down to Argentina? 
 [groans sleepily] 
 Ohh... 
 Grace, wake up. 
 We got to get up. 
 We have to check out. 
 I got late checkout. 
 No, we slept through it. 
 Come on. 
 You jump in the shower. I'll pack us up. 
 You can't tell me what to do. You're not my husband. 
 No, I'm your boss, and if you don't jump in the shower I'm gonna have to punish you. Muah. 
 Ow! 
 That's sexual harassment, mister. 
 We better hurry if we want to make that flight. 
 [shower turns on] 
 [text message chimes] 
 Uh, Grace? 
 We just got a text from Greg. 
 We have a meeting with Barry in an hour. 
 Okay. 
 She's in her room. 
 Ah. Thank you. 
 Are you gonna tell her that's your money? 
 Knock knock. 
 Hi. 
 I thought you went out of town. 
 I did for a minute. 
 I went to see Julian. 
 You what? 
 I got your money back. 
 But it comes with conditions. 
 You never speak to him again. 
 You don't text him, write him, sing a song about him, anything. 
 And you get rid of the Birkenstocks, for the love of God. 
 Thank you. 
 I can't tell you how much this means. 
 One more thing... 
 I'm gonna call my parents. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I promise. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Neil, how long has it been? 
 Too long. 
 This is my colleague, Grace. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 Greg's been singing your praises so loudly I think I took the meeting just to shut him up. 
 Neil, this business with the SEC, come on. 
 It was ugly, but it's over, that's why we're here. 
 Bastion's dead, Neil. 
 I mean, what could you possibly be selling me at this point? 
 Myself. 
 Well, I guess I bit the apple already. 
 Let me hear what you got. 
 Victor cheated, no doubt about it, but I've worked for that company for 15 years, and in that time, I've made my clients millions. 
 8.6, for you alone. 
 I'm sorry, I don't really know you. 
 But I know Neil, and I've watched him work his fingers to the bone for years, and he's a good man, an honest man. 
 And you think he tells you everything about how he operates? 
 We're very close. 
 [chuckles] 
 Got her fooled too, huh? 
 Neil doesn't remember, but we bumped into each other at a party recently. 
 I was wearing a mask under an assumed name. 
 It was that kind of party. 
 Were you moonlighting or full-time? 
 I didn't really come here to talk about that. 
 But that is what we're talking about here, right? 
 Trust? 
 Look, I don't care what you do in your free time as long as my returns are good, but... escorting? 
 You know what? You got us. 
 It is a side venture, a very profitable one, but not something we like to share with all our clients. 
 Wait. 
 Bastion is in prostitution? 
 Barry, please. Prostitution is illegal. 
 Right, Neil? 
 Yes. Yes, it is. 
 But what two consenting adults choose to do after they arrange their time together is completely up to them, and very legal. 
 In fact, did you know that the most popular online escort service had 2 million subscribers last year? 
 That's not just a legitimate business. 
 That's a very profitable one. 
 In fact, there's talk that the IPO might be north of 300 million. 
 It's a morally ambiguous market. 
 And subprime mortgages and strip mining are bastions of virtue. 
 Barry, you're already a member of a service yourself. 
 She did her research before the meeting. 
 But we'd never assume you'd want in on that venture. 
 That's reserved for our more trusted clients. 
 And to be quite honest, we're not sure that we trust you anymore, but thank you for your time. 
 Thank you. 
 Wait. 
 What if I want to hear more? 
 Um, I need to talk to someone about a missing person. 
 Two, actually. 
 American? 
 Yeah. 
 They checked into a hotel down here a few days ago. 
 Never checked out, and I can't find 'em, and their... their phones don't work. 
 How long have they been missing? 
 Three days. 
 [laughs] Three days? 
 He... he's a very powerful man. 
 He doesn't just disappear in a foreign country with his wife. 
 It's, um... it's Arthur Waverly. 
 Have you heard of him? 
 I'll be right back. 
 Sir, who are you? 
 Simon. 
 Arthur Waverly is my father. 
 We contacted the embassy. 
 They must have not gotten in touch. 
 I am very sorry to have to tell you this. 
 Arthur and his wife were killed in a car accident two days ago. 
 Grace : And how much did the party pull in? 
 After costs. 
 Almost $50,000. 
 For one night. 
 [laughs] One night. 
 Were you serious when you brought that up in the meeting? 
 Yes. You said it. 
 Business is booming, and you may have lost most of Bastion's clients, but with all the new ones you could have coming in... 
 I mean, Barry's a good example. 
 Can we really do this? 
 Run our own escort business? 
 I mean, we're not keeping secrets from each other anymore, and we'd be working together, so... 
 So why not? 
 No more secrets. 
 What two consenting adults do together is up to them. 
 Sky's the limit. 
 [text alert chimes] Oh, my God. 
 Did you leave your phone on? 
 There's wi-fi on the plane, relax. 
 Wait, what the... 
 From Adriana? 
 Where is she? 
 She's upstairs. 
 She's waiting for you. She's fine, but she's been through a lot. 
 If you can't be sensitive... 
 This is our child. 
 Anika? 
 Anika! 
 She's in your old room. 
 Where is she? 
 Anika voice-over : "Mom and Dad, I'm so sorry I've been so absent, and I'm sorry I lied to Adriana. 
 Please tell her thank you for me. 
 I came to her because I wasn't ready to see you yet or tell you my whole story, but now everything is fine. 
 I know you're worried about me, but please don't be. 
 I realized that up until now, I've just been traveling, and I was lost. 
 But in the process of traveling, I became a seeker, and I finally found what I was looking for." 
 Hi. 
 Thanks for giving my money back. 
 I told you I'd always take care of you. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Anika voice-over : "I found love. I found a home, and I found a new family." 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 