Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - Close Encounters - Limitless 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - Close Encounters https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=438&t=25834 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/09/16 01:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - Close Encounters 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Limitless... 
 Mike :  We give him the pill once a day. 
 It enhances his cognition. 
 Five NZT pills. 
 What are those for? 
 Whatever you want. 
 I might have a few extra NZT pills, my own stash. 
 We are gonna talk about this later. 
 Brian :  Pretty tidy  stitch job. 
 Rachel : The FBI teach you that? 
 Yes, it did. 
 Rach, I really mean it when I say don't tell anyone about this, okay? 
 Not anyone, ever. 
 Brian :  Sands killed Rebecca's father. 
 I couldn't help my father. 
 Maybe I can help you. 
 Just don't lie to me. Ever. 
 Brian :  "I want to wake up in the city that never sleeps." 
 Frank Sinatra once sang that, and now it's cliché. 
 But when things get bad... 
 And I would say that living with the knowledge Sands killed Rebecca's father qualifies as bad... 
 It's comforting to know that I can walk out any door, any hour of the night, and New York is still going. 
 Plenty to keep an NZT-enhanced mind occupied. 
 That's kind of how I wound up here. (speaking Farsi) Beard. Beard. The guy had a beard? No. He's saying the guy had a neck tattoo. FBI. Uh, do you have a sketch artist on hand? Yeah. Marty? Hey, Marty. Do you mind if I take a stab at this? Thanks very much. Brian :  I know what you're doing. Brian Finch, not the hero the people want, or need for that matter. What are you even doing out here? I'm about to close this case. Look, I get it. You're good at this. And you may like that doing good helps you forget all the bad. But you know what you're really doing? Is ducking a bunch of trouble that's gonna find you anyway. (phone ringing) You're gonna have to lie to her sooner or later. Man : You're pretty good at that, huh? Yeah. (speaking Farsi) There you go. Dispatcher : We got a 10-10, body of a male in his 20s found in Grand Ferry Park. All units please respond. (camera clicking, helicopter passing overhead) (crunching) Are you eating Funyuns? Doesn't that defy the rules of... You're not the only rebel tonight. This whole avoiding Rebecca thing... Dude. What am I supposed to do? You know, when I'm around her, all I can think about is how I know that Sands murdered her dad. That the person who killed him is the same one keeping me alive. But can I tell her that? No. No. Because that would mean you would have to tell Rebecca that you are Senator Morra's mole in the FBI. Which means losing, let's see, the enzyme and your immunity. (chuckles) And my freedom, my life. And even if you found some way to dodge all that, you'd have to go back to being just Brian. Hey. And let's face it. You'd miss me, wouldn't you? So I'm telling you, pushing Rebecca away is not the way to handle this. That's not what I'm doing. (phone ringing) Dude. You can ignore her, but you can't ignore me. (sniffles) Huh. That's weird. Hmm. Did you find something? Yeah. This is a city government-issued key. How do you know? One time, I memorized the whole NYC government directory online. And that key starts with a nine-seven, which is the Department of Buildings, followed by a one, which specifically means the Manhattan Permit Approvals Office. So, maybe you should move your investigation there. Brian :  Let's just say it was a very productive night. While the energy of the city temporarily took my mind off things, I was right. Or the other Brian was right. I knew I couldn't avoid Rebecca forever. My subconscious just wouldn't let me. Brian, what the hell?! Never mind. I know people at the NYPD. You think that they're not gonna tell me my consultant is running around flashing his badge? Well... Why haven't you been answering my calls? Well, my phone's dead. (phone ringing) That's weird. Are you on NZT when you're off-duty? We've talked about this. Well, technically, I am working, Rebecca. I'm just not working for you. Whoa. Look over there. Nice try. Not gonna work. No, no, I'm serious. (electrical crackling) What's going on? (people murmuring) ♪ ♪ Woman (over P.A.) : Emergency generators are in use. Please conserve all power. Mike. What, are you hitting me with a pick-me-up? Yup. We're assembling in the bullpen. Be right there. (ding) You're gonna double your dose? Listen, I really appreciate you not saying anything to... you know. We are gonna talk about this. Naz : We have two distinct areas that are currently affected by the blackout. The Financial District took the first hit at 0400 hours. Authorities are dealing with the usual mess... People trapped in subways, elevators, as well as the what-ifs. You know, what if the backup generator fails and the hospitals go dark or the cell tower goes down or the water stops running? So, in the northeast... Lightning bolt emoji. Pea soup emoji. Middle finger emoji. Jackass. Naz : You're here because we have to acknowledge that the blackout hit our financial lifeline first. Cyber is working on an angle that countries like China and Russia are powerful enough to actually launch a cyber attack that will basically knock us back to the Dark Ages. Brian : Mm, yeah. I don't know. Brian, you have a thought. I do. As a matter of fact, um, while we still have power, I'd like to propose an alternative offender. Come on up. Okay. So, uh, dark red indicates our city's highest level of energy consumption. The largest consumer being here and here. Now, even though these two areas seem geographically disparate, they are, in fact, connected by the wind. Now, the power outages are following the natural citywide gust flow. I got a D-minus in environmental science, by the way. It was a real squeaker, but, you know, passing is passing. Brian, Brian, your parents must have been very proud. They really were. All right, watch this. Drafts get stuck inside the city walls, and then slingshot up and over the high-rises. And you can see, it goes right from the Financial District up to Midtown. So you're saying the blackout is weather related? Oh, I'm saying that based on the pattern, whatever's causing the blackouts might be getting blown around by the wind, but, you know, I'd have to confirm by visiting local power plants, and, uh... And we should still rule out the possibility of cyber warfare, of course. Naz : All right. Go. Okay. Agent Paget will coordinate with Cyber. Agent Boyle will deal with the task force here on the floor. I'll give you a lift. You're coming? Is that a problem? Uh, no, I just... I don't know. It's kind of a wild guess. I don't want to waste your time. Well, I've seen those pan out before. You can explain it on the way. Oh. We should let Mike and Ike know. Oh, I actually kind of sent them on a mission of their own. Man, what in the hell are you doing? Nothing. You're primping. I'm not primping. Like a peacock. Got to look good to win over little sister Finch. Oh, please. That ship already came in. Well, do tell. Yeah, we've been, um... texting. Mm-hmm. Which is mainly... you know, me texting. She's not texting you back. How many texts have you sent? I mean, do Bitmojis count? (door opens) Oh, hi. Hi. Hi, Rachel. Hi. Thanks for picking me up. Yeah. (sighs) Are we going or just...? Buckle up. Yeah. (engine starts) Generator's operational. I've had my guys check and recheck. Nothing wrong with the turbine blades. The rotor is moving. The stator is good. It doesn't make any sense. We should be hot. Man (over P.A.) : Engineer, please stand by. Actual pressure test. You guys hear that? (electrical humming) Hey, Maurice. So the electricity's not making it out of the generator. It's-it's not reaching the power lines. Exactly. It's just disappearing into thin air. Can you open it up? Sure. Step back. What are you looking for? Well... Well, if it was carried by the wind, it might be something we can't see with the naked eye. Do you mind if I borrow that black light? Maurice : Be my guest. Here, step back. Maurice : What the hell is it? Whatever it is, it's organic. Could that be causing the blackout though? Thank you. Can I talk to you for a minute? We have to call Naz. This could be some kind of biological attack. Yeah. You know, I saw this last night. Out on your Capeless Crusade? This glowy stuff, it was on a murder victim. It was all over his hands. I mean, it's got to be connected somehow. Oh, so your illicit, illegal escapades, they weren't for nothing. I also do some good, you know. And the city thanks you, but... it doesn't make what you did right, or legal, or okay with me. You want to follow up on this lead or not? Yes, lead on. Brian :  So we headed to the workplace of Luis Vargas, the dead security guard with the glowing hands. The New York City Department of Buildings is the department that regulates the building of, well, buildings. Which is where we ran into my new friend, Detective Hernandez. Brian Finch. The man fights crime by day, too. Detective Hernandez, meet Agent Rebecca Harris. Thanks for letting us borrow your golden boy last night. Pleasure. So what's up? Well, last night, I noticed something really weird. It was like a green and orange substance on Luis Vargas's body. I think it may be connected to the blackout. Did you guys notice anything unusual here? I mean, there was a broken lamp on the 18th floor, but far as we could tell, it could've been knocked over in the blackout. Nothing's missing. Huh. Isn't that where they store the blueprints for city buildings? Saw it on the directory. You mind if we take a look? Cool. Elevators are out, aren't they? Yup. Hope you packed extra lungs. (chuckles) (groans) I've got to up my cardio. What do you think, spinning? Do you spin? I chase you around all night. Hey, you know, to be fair, we wouldn't even be following this lead... Hang on... if I hadn't gone out last night on NZT. If you expect me to thank you for a lead that took me up 18 flights of stairs... It's just, you swore you would stop hoarding NZT pills. I have. Okay, that was my last one. Well, and this one. The one Mike gave me. You promise you're not lying to me? What are we, six years old? I promise, okay? No more extra pills. Well, files here. Files there. You want to split up, cover more ground? Yeah. You might be wondering what I'm looking for. So am I. But I at least have a theory: someone broke in here searching for something. But what were they after? I mean, their filing system was a clerical nightmare, but after I sorted out the documents that were misfiled, or misplaced... there was one empty drawer that stood out, one that seemed recently raided. Blueprints for a building on 53rd Street in Turtle Bay. What was there that was worth murdering a guard for? And how did all this relate (door closes) Rebecca? Rebecca?! (sirens chirping) Brian : Whoa. Detective Hernandez, what's going on? Sir, please hold right there. Are you Brian Finch? Yeah. He's positive. You need to come with us. What the hell? Under 42 CFR 70, we're placing you into quarantine. You came into contact with a suspicious substance. What, the stuff from the power plant? What was it? Undetermined. Well, what does that mean? It means it came from an unknown origin. You've both been exposed. Okay, okay, okay, okay. (lock clicks) Remember when you offered to give me a ride today? And I was like, "Nah," and you were like, "I insist." I'm guessing you regret that decision now. You're not wrong. Of all days to get sealed up in a plastic bubble together. I just mean 'cause you're annoyed about last night and the pills. We cleared that up. Unless you're still lying to me. I'm not. Then we're good. Good. (sighs) My phone's dead. Here, can I borrow yours? Just got to do some research on the Luis Vargas case. (muffled): Well, here's a lucky pair. I'm Sturgeon Reid, astrophysicist. Today, I'm working in tandem with the CDC to take a look at the substance that you encountered at the power plant. Why is an astrophysicist working with the CDC? (chuckles): Well... Man (on TV) : What did we discover today? Officials are not yet sure, but panspermia, yeah? The idea that life on Earth was seeded from other planets, other places... What exactly were we exposed to? Would you turn that off, please? Extraterrestrial life... We know that it is a bacterium, which appears to be feeding directly off the electricity generated by the power plant. It's not the first bacterium to do this, but this species is unique. Unique? As in... from outer space? We found traces of the bacterium on a cargo ship that passed under the Quadrantids meteor shower yesterday. So it's possible that the origins of this species could be... Alien? This is awesome. Wait, we're not gonna die, are we? What's the plan to stop the bacteria from spreading? Since it's feeding off electricity, we're hoping to starve it by shutting down all the power in Manhattan. That's going to be chaos. And how long do we have to stay here? Reid : Well, since you've had direct exposure, I've recommended you stay in observation. Alert the attendant if you feel ill. But look on the bright side. You could be making history. I don't know about all this. What do you mean? I don't know. Can I borrow your phone? Or we could play charades. Thank you. (horns honking) (engine revs, tires screech) (music playing) What's your, uh, what's your station? Anything's good. I don't really listen to the radio. (turns off radio) (horns honking) Looks like we're getting out of here just in time, huh? I don't want to. Come on, come on. Hey, thanks for this, by the way. You can imagine what it's like to have a cold, stir-crazy five-year-old. 
 
 Girl : No, I want my... Give me the bag. All right, we need the bag. (horns honking) You have the bag? (Marie laughs) Come on. Hi. Oh, I'm so glad you're... I'm so glad you're okay. Hi, doll. Hi, honey. Oh, we're so glad you got here. We were getting worried. Who's that? They got us out of the city. Be nice. Thanks for taking care of my kids. Of course, sir. It was... it was our pleasure. Well, I assume you'll be going back now. Good luck. Actually, our orders are to stay until everything's been cleared up. Orders from whom? Your son, sir. Brian. Ike : We can wait outside, if that's easier. Well, no, of course not. It's freezing. Uh, come in. Dennis is just getting lunch. I'm gluten-free. Brian (on phone) : Turtle Bay. The address is on 53rd between 2nd and 3rd. Boyle : You do realize we're kind of busy here. Brian : Yeah, I'm not asking you to go get me some Skittles, Boyle. I know this is important. Look, the missing blueprints were for some kind of commercial building, and when I looked online, all of the occupants from the ground up were pretty mundane. I mean, I couldn't figure out why anyone would target them. But the basement tenant is the United States Bureau of Engraving and Printing. Oh, I know that location. It's where banks send soiled and defaced bills. Exactly. The Department of Mutilated Money. And the New York office handles the entire northeast. I mean, do you know how much cash they must have in there? Yeah, but it's unusable currency, waiting to be destroyed. Not all of it. A good fraction of it can be cleaned and repaired. A security guard, Luis Vargas, was killed the other day, presumably by whoever was stealing the blueprints for this address. And do you know what they found on his body? The same bacterium that's causing the blackout, except Luis Vargas was killed a full day before the meteor shower hit New York. So you think the bacteria came from some other alien invasion? As much as I hate to admit it, I think it might not be alien at all. I mean, they say it's similar to known bacteria. So what if someone cultivated a new strain and released it to cause a blackout? It's the perfect cover to steal a bunch of cash. Yeah, mutilated cash. Why not hit a bank? Because it's an easier target. I mean, people think that money's basically trash, which means people wouldn't think to look there first, but we did. And if we can just get over there, we might be able to stop the heist from happening and find the people responsible for the whole blackout. Yeah. And by we, I mean you, because we're still kind of quarantined here. All right, I'll see what I can do. (phone beeps) Can I have that? What the hell is this? Can I have my phone, please? No. What the hell is this? Who-who sent this to you? An agent sent to search the government property where you're living for what looks like NZT pills hidden in your vinyl collection. You told me there weren't any more. You know, you could've said something to me before sending the cavalry into my apartment. I did say something, and you lied to me. Do you have any idea how irresponsible it is to use this drug however you want, whenever you want? The rules, managing your dosage, keeping a watch out for you... They're there to keep you alive, to keep you safe. Oh, come on! The FBI doesn't care about keeping me safe. They care about keeping me useful. Brian, if you think that I don't care, then you haven't been paying attention. I brought you into the FBI, I've stood up for you... Don't, don't, don't, don't. More times than I can count. You have no idea what you're talking about here. I know what happens if this gets out of hand. I'm not like anyone. No one else is going through what I am going through. You are hiding pills like an addict, Brian. I know that you are immune to NZT side effects, and I know that makes you think that you're different somehow, but you are not immune. Oh, you're gonna tell me what I think right now? I'm not... That's not what I'm saying. No, 'cause you don't know inside my head, Rebecca. We're not psychic twins, okay? And if you want the real truth, I may be addicted to these drugs. Thanks for that, by the way. But you're addicted to me. What? Solving things, breaking cases, that's your high. And because of me, you get to do it at a whole new level. What, you want to go back to your old life? Keeping up with paperwork and crossing your T's and dotting your I's, seeing it all end in frustration, what, like, half the time? You need all this as much as I do. You need NZT as much as I do, and you know it. Can I have my phone? Brian :  Two pills. They only found two. Where are the others? Dad looks stressed. Marie : Well, can you blame him? First there's the power outage. Now we have federal agents in the living room, making awkward conversation. (video game playing) Yeah. Or maybe he's just picking up on the glances between you and the one who looks like Cary Grant. Mom. Well, I'm just saying, Rachel, come on. That boy is smitten, it's written all over his face. Please stop talking. Square jaw, still has all his hair. I swear to God, I will cut my wrist with this butter knife. All right, so something is on your mind. If it's not him, what is it? Don't tell Dad, okay? He gets so upset about these things. (video game playing) It's Brian. We were hanging out at his safe house the other night, and he went over to his records, and it looked like he took something out. So when he left, I went over... (sighs) and I found... I'm not sure what they are, but I'm pretty sure that they are part of why he is the way that he is now. But what's really bothering me is... did he get into the FBI because he's taking these? Or are they the ones that are giving it to him? I've never seen anything like this. You okay? Hey, Dad. Yes, yes. Good, um... Here, let me help you put out lunch, okay? Okay, good. (metallic creaking) (whistles) They cleaned house. Brian :  Not a dollar inside? Boyle : Not one you can spend. Cleaned out. Looks like you had the right idea. We just didn't get here in time. So it was a heist, and they did know the blackout was coming. Well, I talked to the department's senior manager. The guy estimates there was a little more than $8 million in this safe. Boyle, I have to call you back. Looks like the CDC might have an update. Boyle : All right. Agent Rebecca Harris, Brian Finch. Aren't you guys supposed to be wearing masks or something? The bacterium proved non-communicable. Seems it feeds exclusively on electrons found in inanimate sources. Meaning we didn't have to be here in the first place? You're free to go. Well,  after  we take your vitals. Legal issue. Proof we sent you home in good health. (chirping) You're discharged. Hey, Rebecca? (chirping) (sighs) We get our clothes back, right? Dennis : Marie. Marie, stop. Come here. Sit down, talk to me. What's on your mind? (sighs) You talk to Brian more than I do. He's always sought you out, trusted you. Dennis, I know that you have been talking to him about all this, all right? And I understand if you want to keep it close to the vest, and you wouldn't do that if you didn't know that he was all right. But  is  Brian all right? What do you mean? I mean, what are they doing to him? Do you know? He's fine. Brian's gonna be all right. Do you know anything about pills or drugs they're giving him? What do you know? Hard at work, I see. Yeah. You okay? Yeah. I mean, I'm a little bummed that the CDC burned my Joy Division shirt. It was an original. (scoffs) You seen Rebecca? She's upstairs with Naz. Mm. Something happen between you two, in quarantine? I don't know, mistakes were made, words were said. I guess it's our first real fight. Oh. The handler-consultant relationship is stressful enough without being thrown into a plastic bubble together. You guys will get through it. Okay? Yeah. Generators and cell towers are starting to power down. I told Naz I'd come down, check in to see if you had any leads on the mutilated money gang. Yeah, I do have something. So my theory is that whoever pulled off the heist planted the bacteria, right? And since the financial district was the first to lose power, specifically the 200 block of Chambers Street, we can assume that's where the bacteria was first introduced. Now, as for who did it, there are only 12 people in the New York area with enough scientific expertise to not only engineer the bacteria, but also know how to successfully plant it. Now, if they were smart enough to do all that, then they're probably smart enough to stay off security cameras. And that's where these come in. Well, I've come to respect some of your ways, Finch, that doesn't mean that I'm gonna be strolling around the financial district wearing a sandwich board. There's a large homeless population around that area, people who have nowhere to go during a blackout. They might be able to identify one of the perps. Or I could just call a friend at the NSA. We're not doing that. Why not? Yeah, they would have a copy of every phone conversation these scientists have had. Well, is this on the DL or are we asserting the Patriot Act? You're siding to protect people's privacy? That's ironic. Heist or not, someone shut down the power on Manhattan. That's an act of terrorism. Or you can wear the sandwich board. He's your consultant. Actually, I was gonna make a few. I thought we could all wear them. No, you're right, Boyle. We should call in the NSA. Brian, can I talk to you for a second? Yeah. Look, I'm sorry... You know, when all of this started, we made promises to each other. I said I would help you through anything as long as you didn't lie to me. I know. I didn't mean to lie to you. I just spoke to Naz. You're being assigned to a different handler, and in the meantime, you'll work with Boyle. ♪ ♪ Brian :  Of course the day the NSA came to the CJC was the day everything started spiraling out of control. You know how for years the NSA's been saying they only collect metadata from phone conversations? Well, that's sort of a lie. Don't handle that, please. They're actually recording and storing the audio of at least 80% of Americans' phone calls. Sign here. Can I touch? The average adult sends and receives about five calls a day. Times that by 365 days, times 12 suspects, I'm listening to over 21,000 conversations. Most of them were totally irrelevant. I told you not to push her away. Relax, you don't have to say anything. A new handler? Really? You think you're gonna be able to make  that  work? Is there anyone else here who will protect you like she did? How are you going to fix this? I can't. (indistinct conversations over headset) Ma... uh... I can't... I can't make out this last track. If you... Yeah, rewind that. Thank you. Where was I? Right. It's down to Ian Marshall and Sturgeon Reid. One dollar says we will find evidence of alien life in our lifetime. Reid : And one dollar says we won't. I believe you owe Dr. Marshall a dollar, Dr. Reid. What is this? What are we doing here? You two have kind of a friendly rivalry. Ish. Just a couple of eminent astrophysicists debating whether or not we discover evidence of extraterrestrial life within the next couple of decades. You even made a bet about it, didn't you? For one dollar. How could you possibly know that? Brian : On the one hand, we have the skeptic Sturgeon Reid. Laying his money and pride on the ETs, Dr. Ian Marshall. And you saw to it you were gonna win that buck, didn't you? Uh, I'm not conceding that such a bet even happened. Boyle : We don't need you to. Uh, we shared our concerns with the provost of Walcott University, and she agreed to let us take a look in your lab. We found trace amounts of the bacteria causing the outages, some destroyed cultures. Care to explain? I'll get you started. You discovered a species of bacteria that feeds on electrons, but you kept it to yourself. You released a colony in the financial district and timed that release with the passage of the meteor shower, so people would start thinking aliens. It's a clever plan, dude, own it. Plus we already got you kind of dead to rights, so... Actually, it was one of my research assistants who discovered the bacteria, but I convinced her not to report it. I-I just wanted to win. And at some point you started to want more than that. I'm sorry? The theft of $8 million from the Department of Mutilated Money. Luis Vargas, the security guard you murdered two nights ago. Brian : You caused the blackout, then used it as cover to make yourself rich. He surprised you when you were stealing the plans. No, no, no, no, no. I am not a killer. I-I'm not a thief. I have tenure. Two nights ago? What time did this murder happen? Time of death is estimated between 9:00 and 11:00 p.m. Relax, Ian. Tuesday night, Dr. Marshall and I gave a lecture together at Columbia. 1,400 students will attest for our whereabouts. Uh, he may have planted the bacteria... but Dr. Marshall didn't kill anyone. Man (over radio) : Please avoid all streets between Hoten and Grand, Allen and the East River. City officials has reopened the Williamsburg Bridge and a checkpoint... Woman : Come on. Has been reestablished... Come on. Come on. Causing major traffic delays. (horn honking) Brian : Hey, guys. How's it going? Oh, that's a dumb question. It's not going. That's the thing about standstill traffic, right? It's the pits. Corey Martinson? You're Ian Marshall's research assistant. I'll take that as a yes. So we're from the FBI and we just learned that your boss is the one behind the hoax that paralyzed the city. And the way he tells it, you helped him fabricate the bacteria that did it. Also, he said you were his only partner. Would you be willing to testify against your boss in the charges he faces? Um... I don't know. Wait, how did you find me here? Here? Oh, we just waited for you to show up. I mean, this is, after all, the only way out of the city at the moment. We at the FBI kind of set it up that way. Boyle : Thing is, somebody used the blackout to stage a robbery of the Department of Mutilated Money. Someone, like, say, an underpaid research assistant with crushing amounts of student debt. Someone who saw her boss' relatively harmless hoax as an opportunity. Boyle : That same somebody had a cousin who did time for armed robbery. Hi, Frank. Together, they came up with a plan and they even ordered a ridiculous amount of laundry detergents and solvents from Amazon to clean the money they stole. Any of this sounding familiar? Of course not. Brian : Now, would you two mind if we took a look in the back of this ambulance, no doubt rented from a private EMS service to move about freely in the quarantine? Hey, hey! Thank you. We weren't able to get a warrant, with all the power being out. But that attempted escape is probable cause. And that, my friend, is irrefutable evidence. Boyle : What's it say? I wonder if anyone's ever tried calling this number. Think there's actually a good time at the end of this line? Huh? Should we call? You can give it a shot if you want. I'm gonna go home, man. Hey, Brian. Pains me to say it, but, uh... it's not the worst thing, huh? Us working together? Brian :  I didn't really want to go home. I sure as hell didn't want to go back to the CJC. There's only one place I could think to go, the one place people still love me. Because they have no choice. Hey, Cameron. You leaving already? I was hoping to catch you guys for dinner. Yeah, we heard it shouldn't be long before the power's restored. Hey, if I were you, I'd turn around now. What? Why? I don't know what's going on, but I definitely heard your name. So run while you can. (door closes) Hey, guys. What's going on? Sit down, Brian. Okay. That sounds ominous. Mom? Are you okay? You know, Brian... I always knew that you had something special about you. A good heart. You were sensitive, you cared about other people. Even if you were being impulsive, even if the things you were doing looked selfish on the face of it. I believed in that light that was in you so much that, uh, I let a lot of things slip by. Finding pot in your jeans when you left them out for me to wash as usual. Mom, come on... No. Let me finish. (sighs) I figured that we would find some kind of balance, you know? Your father would give you discipline, some structure; I would give you room to run so you could figure things out. And I honestly thought that's what was happening to you now. I thought, maybe he's finally figured it out. Ugh. What an idiot I was. Come on, Mom, you... No. What the hell are these? Geez. You want to tell me about them? Because your father won't. We've been married for 42 years and there has never been a single thing that we could not discuss. So whatever these are must be serious. Dad. Oh, no. This is between you and your mother. You brought this into our home. No, I didn't. No, I didn't. The moment you got your sister into this, you did. Leaving these pills lying around, having her come to that safe house that you have been mysteriously given. You put your sister in danger. No, I haven't. Undercover agents coming over, bleeding out on the kitchen table. Rachel. Marie : Brian, no. I am not turning a blind eye anymore. I don't know what these pills are. I don't want to know. And I don't want our family any deeper in this than we already are. Mom... I can't tell you everything, but I can explain... Brian, no. I don't want any more excuses. Because unless you start making some different choices, you are not welcome here. I love you, Brian, but... just... no. ♪ Paper cup of the boat ♪ 
♪ Heaving chest of the sea ♪ 
♪ Carry both of us ♪ 
♪ Carry her, carry me ♪ 
♪ From the place we were born ♪ 
♪ To the land of the free ♪ 
♪ Carry both of us ♪ 
♪ Carry her, carry me ♪ Oh... God... ♪ Moving silent her lips ♪ 
♪ By the moon's only light ♪ 
♪ Sowing silver prayers ♪ 
♪ In the blanket of night. ♪ 
♪ ♪ Mike : Just go do it. It ain't gonna get any easier, you sitting here. I-I know. It just... You're gonna miss her. Go. Get out of the car! Rachel. Hey. Listen... Jason, I'm sorry. I... I should've stayed in touch. And I was weird to you at my parents', I know. It's just, things have been strange. I'm not here to talk about that. Oh, okay. Your mom mentioned an undercover agent, that he showed up at Brian's apartment, bleeding out. Yeah? Could you describe him for me? Banker's hours today? "F" Train, there was some kind of delay. I need to talk to Brian. Not in yet. I guess he took the same train. (phone beeps) Brian (recording) : I can't come to the phone right now, but if this is an emergency, you can try Rebecca Harris any time. (phone beeps) Brian :  Hey. Thought about stopping by, but I figured you'd seen enough of me lately. You should know a few things. I'm sorry for the things I said. You deserve better than that. Whatever else happens, you saw potential in me that no one else ever did. It's not just the pill that changed my life, it's you. So, thanks for that. Things may get a little crazy for a while. I know I haven't given back as much as you've given me. There's probably no way I ever could. But starting now, I'm going to try. And in order to try, I've got to do a few things. So you may not hear from me for a minute. I think I have a way to make some of this okay. And if it all works out, I'll see you in a few days. And if it doesn't? Well... we had some lulz, right? ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 