Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - The Forbidding Funeral Home - Haunted Case Files 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - The Forbidding Funeral Home https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=693&t=28403 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/30/16 03:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - The Forbidding Funeral Home 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : America's top ghost hunters relive their most extreme assignments. 
 [ woman screams ] 
 This house is beyond haunted. 
 Narrator : Hardened veterans of the paranormal, these are the cases that truly tested them. 
 There was a evil presence in that house. 
 Oh [bleep] 
 What the hell? 
 I got goose bumps. 
 Right here. 
 Narrator : In one small town, a funeral home's dark past comes back to haunt an investigator. 
 [ breathing heavily ] 
 Instead of burying the bodies properly, they started burying them in the walls. 
 Narrator : In an Ohio mansion, a father-daughter team capture startling evidence of a spirit moving a ball across the floor. 
 Man : Can you roll the ball over here, please? 
 Oh, boy. 
 Narrator : Also in Ohio, a group of ghost hunters are threatened by a powerful force. 
 [ woman screams ] 
 You know, they're stronger than we are. 
 Narrator : In rural Ohio, outside of the small town of trinway, stands prospect place. 
 Built in 1856 by railroad tycoon and abolitionist George Adams. 
 The 29-room mansion sits on a 14,000-acre estate. 
 Abraham Lincoln is said to have been a guest. 
 The family's fortunes changed after Adams died in 1879, and the mansion was left abandoned some 50 years after being built. 
 When George Adams' great-great-grandson started to restore the home in 2001, the renovations seemed to unleash something terrifying. 
 Constructions workers were terrorized by apparitions, unexplained noises, and overwhelming feelings of dread. 
 They stopped work and fled. 
 There are all sorts of accounts in the mansion, hearing whispering, seeing shadow figures, being touched or poked, scratched. 
 Narrator : Now the owner wants to start renovating again, but this time, he calls in paranormal investigators first. 
 Father-daughter team Alan and Anna Tolf have been doing battle with the paranormal for five years. 
 Alan is a former police officer, while Anna has degrees in psychology and biomedical science. 
 They cannot wait to put their skills to the test at prospect place. 
 Alan : It's just a beautiful place, and it had some very dark stories. 
 We really were interested in investigating there. 
 I was excited to get into it. 
 I was very excited to start investigating. 
 I knew something was there, and I wanted to do all I could to try and capture it and learn as much about it as I could. 
 Narrator : Alan and Anna want to know what they're getting into. 
 They research the history of the house and learn they may be headed into a world of trouble. 
 Alan : Prior to investigating, we were aware that there had been squatters that had utilized the house for, you know, satanic rituals. 
 [ eerie whispering ] 
 The satanic rituals caused a big uproar in the activity in the home. 
 Narrator : As they start their investigation, Alan and Anna are on high alert. 
 Alan : Being in there, you feel vulnerable. 
 [ door creaks ] 
 Anna : Walking in it, it felt like there was a presence there with us. 
 [ banging ] 
 Narrator : It's not long before their suspicions are realized. 
 [ banging continues ] 
 Heard what sounded like a baseball bat being smacked against the wall. 
 [ banging continues ] 
 And we're alone in the mansion at that point. 
 Hearing that was extremely startling. 
 [ banging continues ] 
 Narrator : Cautiously, Alan and Anna head to the source of the banging. 
 We went directly to the staircase. 
 Could not find anything or anyone. 
 Narrator : The Tolfs want to capture hard evidence of any further paranormal activity. 
 Anna : I'm just gonna go a little bit closer. 
 Ended up setting a camera which was just one of our static night-vision cameras, just set at the end of the hall, facing our equipment. 
 Check this out real quick and see. 
 As I'm walking back towards the camera, a large, misty, white, billowy -- 
 It was like a cloudy ball kind of forms in the back, in the darkness. 
 You can see it move out and around. 
 So it kind of avoids the light of the monitor and stays along the wall and goes in back behind it. 
 Anna : Oh, we just had an orb fly right at you, papa. 
 Did you see the huge orb? 
 Yeah. 
 In the paranormal community, orbs are controversial. 
 An orb being potentially a ball of energy, and we can debunk this as not being dust because of the way this moved. 
 Narrator : In the face of the intensifying activity, Alan and Anna cautiously head to the ballroom... 
 The site of the reported devil worship. 
 Alan : There were some dark-type, potentially satanic rituals held in the ballroom. 
 We're entering the ballroom and immediately just feel a heavier feeling. 
 Dad, check this out. 
 Alan : Oh, boy. 
 Narrator : They discover signs the devil worshipers had tried to protect themselves from whatever demons they had unleashed. 
 Alan : There was a cross painted on the wall to try to seal what was opened. 
 Narrator : For their own safety and peace of mind, the Tolfs decide to check if anything evil still remains. 
 Alan : We began a spirit box session up in the ballroom. 
 A spirit box is an am/fm radio that has been modified to sweep through frequencies at variable rates of speed. 
 The concept is that a spirit or ghost, entity of sorts, could grab on to sounds and utilize those to form words. 
 Anna : It's one of my favorite pieces of equipment to utilize just because you can hear them right then and there. 
 We were hoping to identify what it was that was up there. 
 Narrator : Alan and Anna don't have to wait long to find out. 
 The atmosphere of the room quickly darkens. 
 Alan : What is that? Stick your head out. 
 Please? 
 Narrator : The Tolfs believe an entity is in the room with them. To prove for certain, they devise a test. They place balls on the floor and challenge the spirit to move them. 
 Alan : Can you roll the ball over here, please? 
 Anna : Can you kick that ball back? 
 Alan : Oh, boy. 
 Narrator : A black ball starts to roll. 
 This means the entity is very powerful. 
 Then the spirit box captures a threatening voice. 
 Narrator : In a derelict mansion's ballroom, father-daughter team Alan and Anna Tolf are in the presence of a powerful spirit. 
 It's strong enough to move a ball across the floor. 
 And when it speaks, its message is chilling. 
 Anna : What was that? 
 And the tenor in his voice indicated he was probably an older man. 
 Narrator : A large, black shadow appears on the ceiling. 
 Anna : It's following dad. 
 Alan : It was scary. 
 In my mind, I feared that it could potentially have an impact or hurt Anna or myself. 
 Narrator : Alan and Anna decide it's time to move on to other areas of the mansion. 
 Man :  Hear you, hear you, now I'm gonna get you. 
 Go over to the left a bit. 
 Narrator : On the second floor, they set up cameras to try to capture footage of any more entities in the house. 
 Is this a good frame, Anna? 
 Yeah, that looks good right there. 
 Anna : We ended up setting our command post in the hallway outside of these bedrooms. 
 Alan : I ended in Anna Adams' room. 
 Narrator : Anna Adams was the eldest daughter of the mansion's original owner, George Adams. 
 Alan : We positioned the camera to capture the largest portion of the bedroom, and now I'm just kind of fine-tuning it. 
 Anna : I was watching the monitor, and... 
 From my perspective, first I hear dad holler, and then I see the camera going down. 
 [ Alan shouting ] 
 Dad! 
 He was shaken up, for sure. 
 Obviously, I freak out. I was extremely concerned. 
 I didn't know what was gonna happen. 
 I didn't know what had happened. 
 Two fists push against my chest quickly but enough to knock me backwards into a large closet space. 
 It was a very, uh... violent type push, shove. 
 Aah! 
 It was a very frightening experience. 
 I mean, I'd not been physically handled in that fashion or pushed by anything like that. 
 I did feel like maybe we had bit off a little bit more than we could chew. 
 [ hissing, shouting ] 
 Aah! 
 I believe it to be Anna Cox Adams. 
 I believe she was angry. 
 She didn't particularly care for men in her bedroom. 
 I don't think she was happy that I was in there and in there for the time that I was. 
 [ hissing ] 
 Aah! 
 Anna : To be able to force a man with my dad's stature, that would take a significant amount of energy. 
 At that point, I was getting obviously concerned for my dad's safety. 
 Narrator : After the shock of the attack, Alan and Anna head to what they hope is the sanctuary of the basement. 
 A friendlier spirit is said to be present there. 
 Alan : There were reports of a child, a little girl, and her name was mary, and she was playing on a balcony. 
 She had fallen from the second floor to her death. 
 [  girl screams, body thuds  ] 
 Narrator : It was a bitter winter, and the ground was too hard to dig a grave. 
 So they couldn't bury her, and they actually kept her in the basement. 
 Alan : A basement is a dark, kind of damp place, but in entering, it didn't feel that way. 
 Almost playful. 
 Anna : I definitely could feel her presence. 
 I knew a little girl was there. 
 It was soft and gentle and kind, you could tell, innocent. 
 [ ominous music plays ] 
 Narrator : Suddenly, the investigators feel the atmosphere turn threatening, as if the little-girl ghost has been shoved aside by something dark and malevolent. 
 I start feeling, um... just a dark, heavy feeling. 
 Alan : And then Anna started expressing to me that, "dad, something just touched my back." 
 Ow! What was that? 
 I don't know. Something on my neck. 
 Anna : I was scratched. 
 I was absolutely terrified. 
 I couldn't see it. 
 If you can't see it, how are you gonna defend yourself? 
 That was my biggest fear. 
 Narrator : Worse is yet to come. 
 He put the digital camera down to grab his video camera. 
 Narrator : Alan installed fresh batteries just moments ago, but his camera isn't working. 
 The battery's dead. 
 Alan : And it was gone. I mean, it sucked it down. 
 It was gone. 
 Whatever it was used energy from my battery. 
 Ow! 
 What's happening? 
 My leg! 
 Alan : At that point, she's saying, "dad, dad, it's grabbing my leg." 
 Aah! 
 Narrator : In the basement of an old mansion, Alan and Anna Tolf have run into the friendly spirit of a little girl. 
 Ow! 
 But she is soon overpowered by another, far darker entity that launches an attack on Anna. 
 Ow! What's happening? 
 My leg! 
 You really just feel defenseless and vulnerable. 
 Narrator : Whatever demonic spirit is down here has sucked all the energy from Alan's camera battery. But Anna's camera still works, and she records a terrifying encounter. 
 Anna : It's doing it. It's doing it. 
 What? 
 It's doing it. 
 You're gonna [bleep] when you watch this video. 
 Anna : Thank goodness I got it on camera. 
 You can clearly see the indentation on my leg of the fingers. 
 It got tighter, and it was stronger. 
 It's doing it. It's doing it. 
 What? 
 It's doing it. 
 Alan : I could see an imprint of a large hand squeezing her calf. 
 Ow! 
 Aah! 
 And you can just see the imprint of four fingers and then coming around a thumb, and it, um... 
 They almost don't look human because they're so long. 
 Just scared to death, honestly, that I didn't know what was gonna happen. 
 Words don't describe what a father feels. 
 I did tell it to get its hands off of her, to get away from her. 
 I was pissed. 
 Look at my leg. I have it on video doing it. 
 Keep videotaping. Swear to god. 
 What? 
 It's doing it. 
 It's doing it. It's doing it. 
 After maybe 15 seconds, I said, "we need to go." 
 I was afraid for her. I was afraid -- 
 That's hard to talk about that. It really is. 
 Narrator : Reeling from the attack, Alan and Anna feel they've had enough. 
 We ended our session and went outside, said a prayer, and blessed each other with holy water. 
 Narrator : Although bumped and bruised by the most aggressive spirits they've ever encountered, Alan and Anna believe they have come away with answers. 
 Anna : By the end of our investigations, we both concluded that the energy in the mansion was overwhelmingly sinister. 
 Anna Adams was a very bitter and angry woman. 
 She didn't enjoy us being there. 
 Aah! Aah! 
 Narrator : But some questions remain unanswered. 
 I think there's a darker entity, and I don't think it was ever human, based on the evidence that we gathered. 
 I hate to say it was demonic, but it didn't feel human. 
 Alan : Seeing my daughter being grabbed physically and an imprint, that's something that is imprinted in my brain for the rest of my life. 
 Narrator : Still to come, a powerful and angry spirit refuses to leave its home. 
 Her anger is at another level in the afterlife, and she's pissed off. 
 [ woman screams ] 
 Narrator : But first, a demon tries to frighten off an investigator... and then won't leave her alone. 
 [ screaming ] 
 
 
 
 Narrator : This house in Bruce County, Ontario, on the shore of Lake Huron, has a colorful past. It has served as a restaurant, a funeral home, and now a private residence. The current homeowner, Susan Johnson, is experiencing eerie events. There are strange moving shadows and rapping sounds from inside the walls. 
 [ banging ] 
 When the doors open and close on their own, Susan starts to worry. 
 [ door opens ] 
 Desrochers : She was concerned. She was nervous. 
 I could feel the anxiety in her voice. 
 Narrator : Susan calls in Michelle Desrochers. A paranormal investigator, Michelle was born into a family of psychics, giving her a special sensitivity to the spirit world. She has investigated dozens of cases. 
 I have been actively researching ghosts and hauntings since 2004. What I've learned about the paranormal is that things are not always what they seem to be. 
 Narrator : Michelle knows she should never go into a haunting unprepared. 
 Desrochers : My plan going in was to try to accumulate as much information as I could. 
 [ music box playing ] 
 The music box on one of the fireplaces used to go off by itself all the time. 
 Narrator : Michelle also discovers that, decades ago, the original occupants of the house suffered a terrible tragedy. The story goes that two of the children were pushed down the stairs to their deaths. 
 [ music stops, children scream ] 
 It was not uncommon to hear a voice on the stairs saying, "hurry up. He's coming." 
 hurry up. He's coming. 
 Hurry up. A little girl's voice. The homeowner would hear all these things all the time. It became part of everyday life. Narrator : Michelle agrees to investigate the lake house and brings along fellow investigator Patrick Cross. Upon entering the home, I felt a heavy presence. I just felt there was a heavy kind of load or something. I could feel something at the top of the stairs. The sensation of it was just so overwhelming for me that I actually started to feel a pressure in my head, and I knew at that point that this was gonna be a really special place. Narrator : This house is more special than Michelle can imagine. [  loud jazz music plays  ] I wasn't in the house five minutes and the whole sound system went on in the house. Cross : It was actually playing '40s music that was kind of odd. Desrochers : I watched the homeowner try to turn it off. Narrator : But the team makes an alarming discovery. [ retro music continues ] It's not plugged in. Narrator : The homeowner had previously unplugged her sound system and TV to avoid just this kind of activity. [ music stops ] Cross : Then it just stopped. Desrochers : Whatever it was wanted to be noticed. This is like nothing I have ever investigated before. Narrator : Michelle and Patrick split up. Patrick stays downstairs while Michelle goes to the master bedroom. She hopes to experience the strange knocking sounds that homeowner Susan has reported. I could hear knocking behind my -- my head. [ knocking ] Something was already in the room with me. [ knocking continues ] All of a sudden, I feel something down by my feet. I look down, the blanket was coming up my legs. Something was pulling the blanket up. [ breathing heavily ] This thing was crazy. This house is beyond haunted. Narrator : Shaken but undeterred, Michelle takes a moment to recover from her encounter before rejoining Patrick and the homeowner. Desrochers : I come back to the very back part of the house. Cross : There was a big TV on the floor. And everybody's kind of standing there, like, shocked. Nobody's talking. They're just staring. I saw an image of some man or something coming in from the TV. Narrator : While investigating a lakeside house, Michelle Desrochers and Patrick Cross experience a level of paranormal activity they've never encountered before. This thing was crazy. This house is beyond haunted. Narrator : Now they're watching in shock as a terrifying apparition appears. I saw an image of some man or something coming in from the TV. Narrator : This is not some scary program that happens to be on. There's no power on. It's unplugged. There is no way anything could come through that television. Something started walking from a side profile. You could see kind of, like, horns on the top of his head. You could just see it moving around as if it was trying to get out. And I just felt all the hairs on the back of my neck go up. I just froze. [  growling  ] We could actually hear an animal sound, like a growling or a low growling. [  growling  ] It was something that was trying to get at our attention to know it was there. It could be demonic. [ growling ] Desrochers : They're scary. They are there with intent to harm, period. Narrator : To determine if the entity can be removed, Michelle and Patrick first try to make contact with it. Make yourselves known. I hear something going down the steps but in a hurry -- Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch! I look around, nobody on the stairs. Everybody experienced this whole flurry of wind flying around. It was just wind everywhere started coming through. [ wind howling, table banging ] Desrochers : The table started to vibrate and move back and forth. I felt like I was in a hurricane. It was just totally bizarre. Sounds and voices and growling and just kind of, like, scratching on the table. [ growling ] And a growly, gremlin type of voice... [ tapping ] .. and this table's going dun-dun-dun-dun-dun, like this. Dun-dun-dun-dun-dun. Cross : All the candles just went out. We're all in the dark. The only thing with enough power to move a large piece of furniture, theoretically, would be a demon, which we already know was there. Narrator : Michelle and Patrick check the camera that has been taking pictures during the session. The image sends shivers down their spines. There was a being there with small horns, a snout, and white under the eyes. I feel very confident in saying that it is the same demonic creature that we saw in the big-screen TV that day. I was pretty freaked out. I was pretty scared. There was a life-force about this house that I've never experienced before and I've never experienced since. Narrator : Michelle and Patrick cleanse the house. But the spirits are so strong that the activity soon returns. Desrochers : The house was eventually sold, and the person who purchased it never set foot in the house, and the house was sold yet again. And from what I hear, still very active. Narrator : Not even Michelle could escape the demon's attention. [ phone rings ] Desrochers : The current homeowner phoned me one day. She said, "I have to step outside for just a minute. Would you mind? I'm just gonna put the phone right down here." I went, "okay. Whatever." [ growling ] Something comes on, growling. It's like it learned how to use the phone. Because all of a sudden, my phone is getting messages. It was growling, hissing. And one of those messages, in a real creepy voice, said, "you know he looks for you at night." Man : He looks for you at night. I was shocked. That has never happened to me before. I have investigated a lot of places. I've never, ever had something come through the phone at me, something like this. I've done crazy places. This place stands above many of them. [ growls ] Narrator : Sometimes a person can be so attached to their home that, even when they die, they still won't move out. And that can cause all kinds of trouble for whoever moves in next. Halfway between cleveland and toledo sits the small town of Cyde, Ohio. Real-estate agent Mavis Fitzpatrick and her husband are renting a house here while they look for a place to buy. But shortly after moving in, they are confronted by bizarre and disturbing activity. Mavis hears whispers in empty rooms. Objects start to move on their own. Aah! Aah! Narrator : Then, one night, while Mavis is sleeping... something creeps into her bedroom. [ woman screams ] [ Mavis screams ] [ dog barking ] Narrator : Real-estate agent Mavis Fitzpatrick and her husband have just moved into a house in Cyde, Ohio. They soon wish they hadn't. A hostile entity is making their lives hell. [ Mavis screams ] Terror-stricken, Mavis reaches out to paranormal investigator Karlo Zuzic for help. It was one of the strangest e-mails I've ever received. "Please, please, please, please, please, please call me. I need help. Please." and then she gave me her number. Narrator : A veteran of hundreds of investigations, Karlo Zuzic is a member of orbs, the Ohio researchers of banded spirits. He knows what it's like to be plagued by ghosts. Zuzic : From the time I was 8 years old, I knew I was living in a haunted house. Growing up and being tormented in my house, you know, I didn't have anybody to turn to, so I wanted to be that person for others and help them. Narrator : Karlo agrees to help Mavis and heads to Cyde with his team, including co-investigators Amy Cobb and Chris Page. She was very desperate about having us come out and do an investigation. She just was -- you know, wanted us to come out now. The house was a normal, everyday american home until you realize the terror that's going on behind the walls. [ doorbell rings ] Narrator : Wanting to know what he will be going up against, Karlo asks Mavis to tell him every detail of the hauntings. Zuzic : She gave us a description of all the activity, where it was happening, what she experienced. And you could see it in her face, the fear. This woman was terrified. [ woman screams ] [ Mavis screams ] Narrator : Mavis describes the woman she sees at night. Zuzic : She looked very nasty. She was yelling. I mean, you could see her facial features. She was pointing at her. She had so much anger. This woman was pissed. Narrator : Karlo and his team begin the investigation. With us coming in, you could feel this energy, this presence that's in there. The hair on your neck, the hair on your arm stands up. You feel the electricity going through you. You get the chills. That's what I was feeling going to this location. Narrator : Karlo is using a thermal imaging camera which shows images based on temperature rather than visible light. I had just managed to hit record. Thank god I did. I'm looking at the screen, and I see something moving towards the bedroom, and I look up... and I was like, "Guys, I just saw somebody walk in this bedroom. I just saw it." Who's walking in front of us? There's no one. It's just us. I was freaked out, as well. I was looking on his thermal gun, and you could see it looked like a lady, kind of hunched over like this, like she was going inside the doorway. I know I'm not crazy, so I played it back, and sure enough, it looks like an older, hunched-over lady walking into the bedroom. It was just so amazing. At the same time, it was scary. Narrator : Cautiously, Karlo follows the apparition into the bedroom. But he's in for a big surprise. Zuzic : We looked in there, and there's nobody in there. That sent the chills right through my body. I was shocked. I know what I saw, and, to me, I saw that old lady that that woman was experiencing. Narrator : Suddenly, Karlos' K-II meter starts to blink. It measures electromagnetic fields associated with paranormal activity. And as soon as they lit up, we hear this bang. I was like, "What the hell was that?" Cobb : So, we went, took off, and went into the other room to find out what it was. As we entered the room, here it was a battery. Zuzic : You could tell that something was thrown. I mean, 'cause you hear it hit the wall, and then it hit the ground. Cobb : And you could see there was an indent in the wall, and it had to have taken a lot of force for her to throw that battery across the room and make the indent in the wall. It was getting mad. It was mad that we're in its room. Now it wants us out, and it's throwing things. To me, this tells me this spirit is very strong. Her anger is at another level in the afterlife, and she's pissed off. She wanted us out. Narrator : The violent nature of the activity puts everyone on edge. I was in fear for my crew that if we didn't tread lightly and watch how we approached it, how we said things to this spirit that was there, that something could turn ugly, that we actually could get injured. Her energy level's getting stronger and stronger and stronger and more mad. Narrator : Karlo checks the audio tapes from the time the battery was thrown. What he hears is alarming. You could clearly hear a woman's voice say, "get out." This spirit's warning me to leave. At any moment, this thing could lash out and hurt me. Narrator : While investigating a haunting in a family home, Karlo Zuzic and his team have run into an angry female spirit. And now she's threatening them from beyond the grave. Karlo suspects the spirit might have once lived in the house. He asks the current tenant, Mavis Fitzpatrick, about the previous occupants. The answer is revealing. It was an older lady. She was a nasty lady. Cobb : A very mean lady. She was mean to adults, to children. She would throw urine on the kids. We believe that who you are in life is who you are in death. If you're mean and nasty in life, that's how you're gonna be in the afterlife. One day, I guess she was walking on the porch and she fell. She laid there for two days. No help. Zuzic : The son actually came over to check on her, and they took her to the hospital. She did die a few days later after that. That kind of traumatic experience can leave a lot of energy there. She's lived there for 40-plus years. You know, that was her home. That energy's gonna stay there. You're gonna leave that imprint behind. Narrator : With their tape recorder running, Karlo tries to contact the old lady's spirit. We're asking questions like, "Why are you so nasty? What's your issue with this family here? You know, they're a loving family. They just want to make a home. Why are you bothering them?" Why are you here? During the session, I actually forgot the woman's name, and I was like, "Bertha or whatever your name is." I was blurting out all these names. Bertha... Is that your name? Bertha? Am I right? Can you touch that green light there? [  indistinct whisper  ] You could hear this old lady's raspy voice correct me, and it says, "Benita." I got the chills. I mean, the chill just ran through my whole body. I'm thinking, "this woman's actually correcting me." This is an intelligent spirit. And the next thing you know, we hear choom choom choom choom, like, this banging sound. [ banging ] And I was like, "what the hell is that?" [ banging continues ] Narrator : Unsure where the sound is coming from, the team heads to the basement. [ banging continues ] I just kind of really want to turn around and go out, 'cause it's scary. You don't know how strong this spirit is, what their intentions are. Narrator : Now the noise seems to be coming from outside. Zuzic : We ran to the porch area. There's nobody there. So we went back downstairs, and you hear it again. It's almost like her residual energy was still in that location, banging and banging and banging, like, trying to get somebody's attention. [ banging continues ] She's still banging, she's still trapped up there, looking for help. [ distorted voice ]  help! Narrator : Worried about the hostility and strength of the spirit, Karlo and his team perform a cleansing. Chris and I would go room to room. We'd do our prayer. I put the holy water on each location, any opening. [ banging continues ] My goal is to move the spirit out of this home, you know, to give the family their home back. Narrator : But the ghost doesn't want to leave. I've personally never seen a spirit this strong. It's almost like trying to push you back as you're trying to go, and it's just like a force. It was, uh -- it was fearful. Definitely fearful. Zuzic : This spirit didn't care what we were doing. It stood its ground and said, "Look, I'm not going anywhere. I'm staying right where I'm at." And that's where you come into a problem with spiritual warfare. You know, they're stronger than we are. [ banging continues ] Narrator : The cleanse reduces the spirit's power, but Karlo cannot remove it completely. Page : When we told them the evidence that we caught, it actually reassured them that, no, they weren't crazy, that what they were witnessing was, you know, truly happening to them. Zuzic : I felt bad because usually that works, but when you've got a strong presence like you have in that home, we may have to come back. And, unfortunately, they don't want to wait long enough. They pack their stuff, and they've only lived there two months, and they did end up moving. Narrator : As far as Karlo is aware, the spirit still lurks in the house. It sits home, and that's where it stands. [ woman screams ] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 