Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - The Imaginary Friend - Haunted Case Files 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - The Imaginary Friend https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=693&t=27829 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/02/16 19:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - The Imaginary Friend 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Narrator : America's top ghost hunters relive their most extreme assignments. 
 This house is beyond haunted. 
 Narrator : Hardened veterans of the paranormal, these are the cases that truly tested them. 
 There was a evil presence in that house. 
 Oh  (bleep) 
 What the hell? 
 I got goose bumps. 
 Right here. 
 Narrator : In new York, an investigator battles a demonic entity intent on harming his own son. 
 Whatever it was was targeting Joey. 
 Narrator : In Ohio, a ghost from the past returns to tear a family apart. 
 There was a violent spirit there. 
 Wow. That thing's going crazy. 
 Narrator : And in an old Colorado jail, investigators are stalked by a dangerous doppleganger. 
 How did you get in here? 
 Richard : That's very, very frightening. 
 It becomes very personal in that moment. 
 Narrator : Joe Cetrone and his family have lived in upstate new York for five years. 
 Joe : So we're just a regular family. 
 My son, Joey, uh, typical 10-year-old, great boy. 
 Um, you know, he just... 
 Really good-natured, quiet kid. 
 Joey : I'm a fairly happy individual. 
 My family seemed pretty normal, pretty average. 
 Narrator : Joe works for a phone company. 
 But what he does in his spare time is anything but normal. 
 I've been investigating the paranormal since 2001. 
 Narrator : Joe Cetrone is a veteran ghost hunter who specializes in dark and demonic hauntings. 
 What I had learned is that the supernatural realm is real. 
 And what we do here in this world alters what happens in the afterlife. 
 And when you do various cases, especially ones that are frightening, you never stop to consider the reality and the dangers of what's lurking in the shadows. 
 During all the years of my paranormal research, I never stopped to consider that my family would be the target. 
 Narrator : In October 2007, Joe is called away to investigate a haunting out of state. 
 Joe : I had a big case in Connecticut. 
 Right off the bat, I -- I started saying that there's something going on. 
 The feeling that I got, there was a darker energy that was hovering around us. 
 We were filming video. 
 And all of the sudden, it just kind of -- 
 Just started jumping. 
 There was static. 
 Narrator : The video crashes at 8:44 P.M. 
 At the same time, 200 miles away in Endicott, new York, Joe’s son Joey is taking out the trash. 
 I remember going out to the porch to throw something away. 
 And there was a black figure the shape of a human but the absence of color. 
 It was just black. 
 I was frightened, petrified, actually. 
 It sent chills down my spine. 
 A kind of fear that I don't think I've ever felt before. 
 It was just fear. 
 Narrator : Joey's mother is out, only his grandmother is home. 
 Ran inside to tell nana and immediately, she called my dad. 
 Joe : She tells me that Joey has seen what appears to be a shadow figure. 
 I could hear it in her voice. She was concerned. 
 But she also had to kind of keep everything together, to keep Joey, um, not so scared. 
 My first instinct was to leave. 
 But the investigator in me and -- and helping people, and that's what this is really all about is helping somebody. 
 I couldn't just abandon the case that I was in. 
 I told my mom to just talk to him, calm him down, let him know everything's gonna be okay. 
 Joey : He said, "all right. Hang tight. 
 We will finish up what we got to do here and I'll be back as soon as I can." 
 When I tried to go to bed that night, it was very difficult. 
 I remember keeping the light on and tossing and turning. 
 Narrator : Eventually, Joey manages to fall asleep... 
 But not for long. 
 He's woken by strange sounds. 
 There was a doll figure on the table. 
 And all of a sudden, it just went across the room. 
 Nana! 
 Nana looked at me. 
 And she said, "was that you? 
 Did you bang... Did you..." 
 I said, "no." 
 Oh, my god. 
 Are you all right? are you all right? 
 We then looked in the door and realized that that nick had not been there. 
 It's physical now. It's -- it's real. 
 I was, again, petrified, just fear of the unknown and no answers. 
 Joe : I received another phone call from my mom. 
 So we go from the shadow person... 
 To the doll. 
 It was just too coincidental that it had to be all linked together. 
 I felt that whatever it was was targeting Joey as a direct attack against me for the case that I was doing. 
 I'm on my way. 
 Narrator : Fearing for his son's safety, Joe returns home. 
 Anytime a spirit can move an object, it shows me the power and energy that that spirit has. 
 It takes some power to pick that up and toss it across the room and, above all, leaving a mark. 
 It was pretty -- pretty shocking to me because it was -- it was a deep nick. 
 Whatever it was knew that I wasn't there. 
 And it was targeting Joey. 
 (Screams) 
 When my dad came home that day, I was very, very comforted and very excited and hoped that he would have an answer and a solution. 
 Joe : He seemed relieved that I was there. 
 And, uh, kind of gave him a little hug. 
 And, uh, you know, I can see that my wife's relieved that I was there. 
 Whether it was my family or not, I still had to treat it like a case. 
 Narrator : When Joe tries to sense the entity that has been tormenting his son, he gets a surprising result. 
 Typically, if I feel any sensations of spirit activity, my spider senses will start tingling. 
 But in this case, I didn't feel anything at all. 
 It was pretty warm and inviting. 
 But, you know, I wanted everybody to feel a little bit safe, so we prayed. 
 In the name of the father, son, the holy spirit. 
 After that, nothing really happened. 
 Our father who art in heaven... 
 Narrator : To Joe’s great relief, family life returns to normal...For a while. 
 Joe : Few weeks after the incident, my mom wanted to go visit her mom. 
 And, uh, she wanted to take Joey. 
 And I thought that was a perfect opportunity for Joey to get away. 
 Narrator : It's also a chance for Joe to spend more time with his wife. 
 So I says, "listen, we got this case coming up. 
 It's nothing dangerous. It doesn't seem like it is. 
 It's probably just a preliminary thing. 
 Would you like to go?" 
 She says, "yeah, I'll go." 
 Narrator : The case is in a town 30 miles away. 
 The family here is concerned about strange noises in the house. 
 The thing about my wife, she's more of the sceptic. 
 So if I presented her evidence, she would counteract it and say, "yeah, but that could be this. That could be that." 
 I told my wife, "put the headphones on. 
 If you hear anything unusual, just let me know." 
 Is there anyone here with us? 
 Maybe 10 minutes later... 
 Can you tell us your name? 
 ...She takes the headphones off. 
 She says, "I think it just said my name." 
 What? what is it? 
 It just said my name. 
 So I put the headphones on, rewind that part. 
 And all of a sudden, this voice comes over. 
 And it says, "Debbie." 
 And it was at that point I started to draw conclusions that it might be more of an evil-natured spirit. 
 (Cellphone rings) 
 I received a phone call from my mom. 
 And she was frantic. 
 Joey's had an accident. 
 Something attacked Joey. 
 Narrator : In Endicott, new York, the son of paranormal investigator Joe Cetrone is being targeted by a powerful entity. 
 Now Joe has just got news that his son has been violently attacked. 
 Joe : Something attacked Joey. 
 And I was like blown away. 
 I -- I -- I didn't even know what to say. 
 I had no answers. 
 Narrator : Away on a trip with his grandmother, Joey had felt safe. 
 Joey : We were sitting down in the living room. 
 I'm looking at the TV. 
 And nana's sitting directly behind me. 
 And I felt a -- a pressure in my chest, just a very unsettling feeling. 
 And right then, it was as if something had hit me in the face with enough force to send me back. 
 Joey? Joey? 
 Joe : Whatever it was, it had -- 
 It had to have powerful energy because it -- 
 It sent him across the room. 
 Joey : When I finally got to my feet, I had realized that there was a scratch across my face. 
 It was a mark going from here to here and then another one from here to halfway. 
 Why me? 
 I had no other train of thought. 
 It was simply that, "why -- why us? 
 Why me?" 
 Narrator : Joey immediately returns home and into the worried arms of his parents. 
 I was totally shocked. When things happen, a child gets hurt or attacked by something or in a fight, you could either do something about it or you can call the police or whatever you needed to do to help that person. 
 But when it's something you can't see, how do you explain that? 
 Who do you go to? 
 You can't just go tell the officials, "hey, you know, something attacked my son. 
 But I can't tell you who it was." 
 I do remember his confusion as to why, why his family, why his son? 
 Just looking for answers. 
 Narrator : Joe consults another investigator for advice. 
 Joe : I had spoken to a demonologist in the area. 
 He said, "well, Joe, what did you really expect? 
 You've involved yourself with darker cases. 
 Did you not think you were gonna get some sort of repercussion for doing it?" 
 And I -- and I realize at that point that my son and my family were that backlash. 
 It just said my name. 
 Narrator : Joe suspects the revenge attacks on Joey are the work of demonic entities from his last two cases. 
 I had believed and still believe that there were spirits who were very upset that we were there. 
 And I think spirits did attach themselves and follow me back. 
 And I believe that they stood there lurking in the midst, waiting for an opportunity to frighten me, to discourage me, to deter me away from what I felt my calling was. 
 Narrator : Joe knows what he must do to protect his son from further attacks. 
 Joe : You know, I never thought that I would be doing a cleansing in my own home. 
 But we did. 
 I -- I made sure we went around the house. 
 We prayed. 
 Thou shalt not be... 
 We blessed. 
 ...Afraid of the terror by night. 
 We cleansed the house. 
 After Joey was attacked, I started to realize the severity and the realism of messing around with forces that are beyond our comprehension. 
 What I was doing was, uh, causing more harm than it was doing good, at that point. 
 Narrator : Despite the cleanse, Joe is so worried about further attacks that he makes some major life changes. 
 I decided that selling the house and -- 
 And moving and starting new is something we needed to do. 
 Narrator : Joe even puts on hold his paranormal investigations. 
 Joe : I took about 16 months off. 
 After taking that break, I decided to deal with investigations in a different way and keep myself a little bit more protected. 
 Narrator : The changes seem to have worked. 
 I'm fortunate and I'm blessed that nothing has happened to my family, paranormal, supernaturally, um, ever since -- 
 After the incident with Joey. 
 So I've been fortunate. 
 Joey : I was very comforted just knowing that whatever was targeting my family and myself was now gone 'cause I knew that -- that the power of good would override the power of evil. 
 Narrator : Still to come, when the spirits lurking in an old jail start to toy with a group of ghost hunters, not everything is as it first appears. 
 How did you get in here? I just saw you standing outside. 
 But first, an evil spirit terrorizes a woman in her sleep and tears a family apart. 
 Lima, Ohio. 
 The Howell family moves in to their dream home. 
 Shortly after moving in, Sylvia overhears her daughter talking to someone. 
 Girl : There's a lot of nice things in the house and...Yeah. 
 I do miss all my friends and my old school. 
 But I can always call them. 
 Sweetie, who are you talking to? 
 My friend over there. 
 Which friend? 
 There's nobody else in the room. 
 Where do you see someone? 
 Right there. 
 There's nobody there. 
 Narrator : But this is no imaginary friend. 
 The little girl would see a full-body apparition of a child. 
 She'd be talking to it and laughing. 
 It's almost like they were having a full conversation. 
 Narrator : Worried that her child may be in danger, Sylvia contacts paranormal investigator Karlo Zuzic. 
 Karlo is a leading member of the Ohio researchers of banded spirits with nearly 10 years of ghost-hunting experience. 
 You know, we want answers. 
 That's why we come and help families. 
 We want to protect them. 
 Narrator : Karlo's motivation to help others comes from the experiences he had as a child. 
 Growing up in Cleveland, um, there was a entity in my home and used to torment me. 
 You know, it was really hard talking to anybody about that. 
 I tried to tell my parents, they didn't believe me. 
 I didn't have anybody to turn to. 
 So I wanted to be that person for others and help them. 
 Narrator : When Karlo hears the story, he suspects the family could be in grave danger. 
 I wanted to get out there immediately and help them. 
 My first thought was the child spirit could be demonic. 
 Narrator : Karlo brings along co-investigator Amy Cobb as backup. 
 My primary goal was for us to come in and to rid the house of the spirits and give her some peace. 
 Karlo : We decide to go upstairs. 
 We wanted to see if we could actually draw out this little child's spirit and see if we could communicate with her. 
 Narrator : Karlo decides to set a trap. 
 Karlo : The teddy bear was a trigger object that we brought to see if we could draw the spirit to this. 
 The spirit, especially a child spirit, is gonna be familiar with that. 
 So we actually placed the EMF detector inside. 
 EMF detector stands for electronic magnetic field tester. 
 And what it does, it picks up energy. 
 Anything that comes close, any mass that comes close to this teddy bear will make it go off, and it will light up. 
 Karlo : And we also placed another teddy bear on a landing just to have two to see if it would actually activate either one. 
 So we figured between the stairs and the little child's room, maybe I could actually physically see this spirit manifest. 
 Karlo : We brought a gift for you. 
 Narrator : Karlo tries to make contact with the spirit of the little girl. 
 Can you come out and -- 
 And touch the teddy bear for us? 
 We're not here to hurt you. 
 You could hear, like, a kid, maybe like humming or something like that, maybe singing or humming. 
 And you could hear little footsteps. 
 The next thing you know, we hear this buzzing sound on the landing. 
 That's the teddy bear. 
 We run over to the staircase. 
 And, you know, we're videotaping the bear and asking questions. 
 Wow. Dude, that thing's going crazy. 
 Amy : I'm telling ya, I'm just getting -- still getting k2 hits setting on those steps. 
 Karlo : We brought that teddy bear on many investigations and nothing's ever triggered it like that. 
 Are you interested in that toy now? 
 You like that, don't ya? 
 And all of a sudden, after this incident, the other teddy bear in the bedroom goes off. 
 Karlo : So we ran over there and sure enough, this teddy bear's lighting up, it's buzzing. 
 And it's just like the whole household is in havoc. 
 
 
 
 Narrator : In Lima, Ohio, Sylvia Howell suspects her daughter's imaginary friend is something more sinister. 
 Paranormal investigator Karlo Zuzic is using sensor-equipped teddy bears... 
 We brought a gift for you. 
 ...To draw out the spirit of a mysterious little girl. 
 Something has triggered the teddy on the stairs. 
 Dude, that thing's going crazy. 
 And now the teddy in the girl's room is going off. 
 And it's just like the whole household is in havoc. 
 And then we tried to communicate with that child. 
 We're like, "do you like that teddy bear? 
 Go ahead, touch it." 
 And as soon as it touched it, you could -- you could hear it go flatline. 
 It was just like, "beep," you know. 
 You could tell there was a presence there. 
 It's okay. 
 You can play with the bear. 
 That's why we brought it. It's for you. 
 And then it just stopped. 
 That was that. It just ended. 
 Just completely stopped. 
 I believe that child got frightened because we were trying to reach out to it and then just backed away. 
 Narrator : From his interaction with the spirit girl, Karlo believes she does not pose a threat. 
 She was a harmless spirit, which the family could've learned to live with. 
 My job was done. 
 Narrator : Or so Karlo thinks. 
 Soon after he and his team leave, new and more sinister things start to disturb the family. 
 They hear dragging sounds in the dining room area followed by a mumbling male voice. 
 (Indistinct voice) 
 A broken cupboard door, normally held closed with tape, is suddenly ripped open. 
 They begin to suspect the little girl ghost is not the only entity in the house. 
 Sure enough, an apparition of an old man appears. 
 (Screams) 
 But that's not the worst of it. 
 (Gasps) 
 Karlo : She'd wake up with scratches on her leg. 
 She would have bruises on her leg. 
 And the husband wasn't there. She was actually alone. 
 So it wasn't, like, her husband doing it or anything like that. 
 It was something else causing this to happen. 
 My reaction was, there was definitely an evil presence in that house. 
 The spirit of the old man was pure evil. 
 Someone told 'em, "that's the previous owner." 
 He was a violent man. He drank a lot. 
 He would beat his wife. 
 You carry that energy with you when you pass away. 
 This guy was the same way in life as he is in death. 
 He's abusing this woman. 
 It's targeting her for a reason. 
 You know, a negative presence, it tears you apart piece by piece. 
 It does cause havoc in a household. 
 Life is hard enough as it is than to have spirits come into your house and take over. 
 Narrator : Terrified, the family called Karlo back, this time to remove something much darker and more violent. 
 I was on guard immediately. Soon as I walked in, I was on guard because I felt negativity. 
 I knew there was a violent spirit there. 
 I don't want to get hurt either. I'm here to help this family. 
 The next thing you know, I'm the one getting hurt. 
 So, you know, you're always watching. 
 You could feel that negative presence there. 
 You just felt kind of surrounded by, I would say, like, a blanket of darkness. 
 Narrator : Karlo heads upstairs towards the master bedroom. 
 I was asking, "who's here?" 
 And, you know, I didn't get a response. 
 So I just held up my camera. 
 The second I did that, this cold feeling, like, half my body was just frozen. 
 I mean, it's almost like you were just in a -- a freezer. 
 I've never had a feeling like that before. 
 I knew I was not alone in that room. 
 And, you know, backing out, you could still feel that pressure and that cold backing you out of there, telling you, "get outta here." 
 Was that a warning? possibly, you know? 
 I mean, the spirit was, you know, abusing the wife. 
 It could, you know, take advantage of me also and hurt me. 
 Narrator : Karlo decides to check his camera. 
 Karlo : I pulled up these pictures. 
 And I noticed this dark, black mass. 
 Narrator : A black mass appears to be moving around the master bedroom. 
 A black mass could form into a human, like a shadow-man type. 
 This thing had its own movement. 
 You could see it move and then move back in. 
 I think it's some sort of dark energy that's in that location because I actually felt this presence. 
 Now I'm actually looking at it. 
 And when I seen that, it just gave me the chills. 
 Narrator : Karlo attempts to make contact. 
 Why are you trying to hurt this family? 
 We're trying to do anything we can to draw the spirit out. 
 Why do you want to hurt this woman? 
 Leave their child alone. 
 We're going through a series of questions trying to get a response. 
 And it was almost like it didn't even want to respond to us. 
 You know, I think it was satisfied, you know, scaring me to get out of its room. 
 Next thing you know, I hear footsteps like something's coming at me, you know, like it's running at me. 
 And I'm like, "whoa, what the hell is that?" 
 Ah! 
 Narrator : A violent spirit has attacked a woman as she sleeps. 
 Now it's coming after paranormal investigator Karlo Zuzic. 
 Karlo : Something's coming at me, you know, like it's running at me. 
 And I'm like, "whoa, what the hell is that?" 
 Ah! 
 As I was about ready to get up, I hear, "woosh." 
 That door just got ripped open. 
 And you could hear the tape being ripped apart. 
 And this door's just swinging. 
 I'm like, "are you kidding me?" 
 I mean, it was something I had never seen before. 
 I had never seen anything like that. 
 How could a spirit rip that door open like that? 
 We just validated what this family is experiencing. 
 There was definitely an evil presence in that house. 
 The spirit of the old man made my skin crawl. 
 With the evidence that we collected, I do believe that family was in danger. 
 We did tell them that negativity will split a family apart. 
 You know, we need to do a cleansing and blessing of this house. 
 They said, "yes, you know, we want that. 
 We want this thing gone." 
 Narrator : Karlo's team sets about cleansing the house. 
 In the name of Jesus, I take authority. 
 If there's a strong evil presence there, it's gonna fight. 
 Ah! our father... 
 You're telling someone to leave its place. 
 ...Who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. 
 So now you're in spiritual warfare. 
 They're gonna stand their ground. 
 Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. 
 I was worried that something may happen to us during that blessing. 
 I bind all demonic forces. 
 We won with our cleansing and blessing and moved it on. 
 I feel confident. 
 You know, the family felt fine afterward. 
 To me, there was two presence there. 
 You had an evil. And then you had the good. 
 My belief is that the spirit child is probably communicating with them. 
 It's probably trying to help them. 
 It's almost that child came to them and protected them from this evil presence that was in this house. 
 Narrator : Although the evil is gone, the emotional scars take their toll on the family. 
 I was hoping they would still stay together, but they did end up separating at the end. 
 A negative presence being in a home will separate a family. 
 A lot of our cases, you hear this. 
 You know, families are torn apart by negative energy that's in that house. 
 Narrator : Hauntings and attacks by ghostly entities are terrifying and potentially harmful to those enduring them. 
 And occasionally, paranormal investigators have an encounter that could prove fatal. 
 100 miles south of Denver, Colorado, lies the small gold rush town of Cripple Creek. 
 Like all wild west towns, the local jail held violent outlaws and bloodthirsty desperados. 
 Members of butch Cassidy’s notorious gang are said to have been imprisoned here. 
 Now a museum, multiple witnesses report the jail is alive with terrifying paranormal activity. 
 Lights switch on and off for no reason. 
 Mysterious voices echo from empty cells. 
 Hello? 
 Apparitions stalk the hallways, frightening away staff and visitors. 
 Richard : Jails are very, very high on the list of haunted places. 
 And so paranormal activity occurs. 
 And when that activity manifests, nice things rarely happen. 
 Narrator : Seeking answers, the museum calls in seasoned paranormal investigator Richard Estep. 
 Richard is the founder of the boulder county paranormal research society. 
 Over my two decades' worth of investigations, I've learned that 90% of claims of the paranormal have no grounding. 
 But the 10% that do really make up for it. 
 Historical places, in my experience, seem to have an energy all their own. 
 You have this melting pot of, essentially, hatred and bitterness and anger, frustration, rage, all of it coming together. 
 How is that not going to leave a mark on the environment? 
 How is that not going to alter the nature of that place? 
 Narrator : Richard and his team decide to spend a night investigating the jail. 
 They begin in the most active part -- the cells. 
 Richard : Walking on to the cell block, the atmosphere itself becomes very oppressive and very heavy. 
 You can almost sense the weight of years that have been expended inside that building by people locked in for, sometimes, decades. 
 Narrator : On Richard’s team is U.S. Air Force veteran and gear specialist Shaun Crusha. 
 Cripple creek had violence throughout it -- its history. 
 They would hold multiple, uh, prisoners in that same cell, up to potentially six within that very, very small, confined location. 
 Richard : We are looking at people who have committed murders, theft, rape and various other heinous crimes. 
 Had to have just been hideous. 
 You've got a lot of negative emotion brewing for years within this fairly enclosed space. 
 And I think that is what contributes to the activity at the cripple creek jail. 
 The first thing I wanted to do was establish a baseline. 
 I wanted to know if there were any high levels of electromagnetic energy. 
 I wanted to know how the temperature was going to be. 
 Narrator : Katelyn Kenan, another member of the team, looks for cold spots that can indicate the presence of a ghost. 
 Richard : I wanted to also know if there were any areas that might reflect light in a certain way that might fool us. 
 Shining flashlights around a little bit, see how the beams reflect. 
 And once that's done, all the necessary groundwork has been laid, then we decided that we would spend a little bit of time in the cells. 
 Narrator : Each investigator heads into a different cell while a fourth plays the role of a warden. 
 Shaun : You  (bleep) 
 (Bleep) 
 Narrator : They hope this will provoke a response from the spirits of former prisoners. 
 I'm the one who tells people what to do. 
 He would belligerently say that it was his rules, his way. 
 It was his building. 
 Uh, he was the top dog. 
 What the hell, man? 
 And he was making a very good performance of it. 
 I tell everybody what to do! 
 In trying to elicit a response, it may not be always a good response. 
 Narrator : The method may be unusual, but it works. 
 He seemed to do a great job of stirring up the energies and activity within the place. 
 That was what he'd set out to do. 
 What the hell do you think you're doing here? 
 Then, we began to hear voices. 
 I could feel my heart rate going up. 
 Narrator : In an old jail museum in Colorado, unexplained events have terrorized the staff at night. 
 Now, seasoned ghost hunter Richard Estep and his team are experiencing the activity for themselves. 
 Shaun : What the hell do you think you're doing here? 
 We wanted to stir up the energies and activity within the place. 
 So we're in the cramped, claustrophobic confines of these cells. 
 And you're hearing whispered, hushed voices speaking to us. 
 It's kind of like a raspy male voice. 
 It definitely was trying to get our attention. 
 But the voice, itself, didn't have any specific, um, words to it. 
 Richard : The voices, they appear to be in the cell with you. 
 And they're always indistinct. 
 And they're always on the edge of your hearing. 
 Very much like this. 
 Shaun : I called Richard over. 
 I said, "Richard, you need to come over here, uh, because there's something definitely interesting I'm hearing." 
 Richard : And on several occasions, it seemed to be as though they were actually in the cell with us, whispering from over our shoulder. 
 It was quite disconcerting, to tell you the truth. 
 And these voices, they continue all around us. 
 But then, we heard some downstairs. 
 Narrator : The whispers lead them into an old interrogation room. 
 But then, the voices stop, leaving just an eerie silence. 
 Richard : Suddenly, we heard a noise. 
 (Gasps) 
 It sounded to me like a human being breathing their last gasp. 
 It sounded as though, actually, somebody had taken a blade to somebody's throat and had slit it. 
 (Gasps) 
 On multiple voice recorders, you've got this strangled last gasp. 
 And that has a very gut-wrenching reaction on you. 
 That really reaches in and grab you. 
 You get a chill. 
 You're going, "am I -- am I needing to fight something or am I needing to run?" 
 It made me wonder how many people have had their throat cut in that prison over the years. 
 And were we hearing the residual sounds of that being played back to us naturally through the atmosphere? 
 (Gasps) 
 Narrator : To find out who they heard being murdered, Richard and Katelyn hope to make contact with the entities in the cells. 
 Meanwhile, Shaun picks up more equipment from the team's van. 
 But as he heads back, he runs into a familiar face. 
 I looked over to, uh, my right. 
 And I noted, uh, what I thought was Richard. 
 Narrator : It looks exactly like Richard standing in the hallway. 
 I was actually inside the cell with my back against the far wall. 
 Shaun came walking along, entered the cell and saw me and did a double take. 
 How did you get in here? 
 I just saw you standing outside. 
 Narrator : There's no way Richard could've got to the cell before Shaun without Shaun noticing. 
 Shaun : I was in shock at that point. 
 I just saw what I thought was you just around that corner. 
 It was a little unnerving. 
 I said, "Shaun, what do you mean? it's a jail cell. 
 I've been in here for a while, mate." 
 He went as white as a sheet and looked at me and said, "I saw you standing out there, Richard. 
 It was you. I looked you in the eye and saw you." 
 Narrator : In an old Colorado jail, frightening events are unfolding. 
 Investigators are confronted with chilling sounds of murder. 
 (Gasps) 
 Richard : It sounded as though somebody had taken a blade to somebody's throat and had slit it. 
 Narrator : And now an entity has taken on the form of lead investigator Richard Estep. 
 Shaun saw me and did a double take. 
 He's like, "no, no, no, no. 
 You were just standing out there." 
 "I saw you." 
 It looked like Richard. 
 And it looked very solid. 
 And it took me a second to go, "wow, that was incredible." 
 It's not as though he could've mistaken somebody else for me because it was deserted. 
 It was abandoned. 
 Cameras covering the doors, uh, and the interior of the cells proving that there was nobody who went in and went out. 
 Narrator : Richard has a terrifying realization. 
 What Shaun saw in the hallway was a spirit that had taken on Richard’s appearance. 
 Rare and dangerous, it is a doppleganger. 
 That's going to put a shiver down the spine of -- 
 Of anybody, I don't care who you are. 
 It's genuinely chilling. 
 Why would a spirit want to imitate me? 
 Narrator : There are stories of dopplegangers, doubles of a living person luring friends and family to their doom. 
 I could tell there was some energy, strange things going on. 
 Put yourself in my shoes for just a minute and think about what that would be like, if somebody walked in here now dressed identically to you with your face. 
 It's a threat of the weirdest, most unusual manner. 
 It's one thing to know that you have the spirits of these prisoners all around you. 
 But when it's something that looks like you and takes your form, that's very, very frightening. 
 Seeing a doppleganger or a body double of an individual is extremely rare. 
 There was rumors of different things that happen when you see it. 
 The saying is that, if you meet your own doppleganger, you die. 
 Narrator : With such serious potential consequences, the team decides to leave in a hurry. 
 Shaun : Just, like, in the military, we have to have each others' backs. 
 This was, uh, one of the most frightening investigations we had had. 
 Richard : It's one of the longest drives home I've ever had from a case just because I'm constantly looking in that rearview mirror wondering if I'm bringing home anyone with me. 
 As an investigator, uh, I try to learn as much as I can about, uh, anything that goes on in the field. 
 So I would love to investigate that location again. 
 You would definitely, uh, find me eager to return to the cripple creek jail to investigate for another night. 
 But there's no amount of money you could give me to do it alone. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 