Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Part 1 - Show Me a Hero 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Part 1 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=399&t=19963 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/17/15 05:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Part 1 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( bird squawking ) 
 ( train whistle blowing ) Oh, God! ( snorts ) Oh! ( exhales ) ( pager beeping ) Ah. ( beeping ) ( crow caws ) ( coughing ) ( beeping ) ( beeping ) ( beeping ) ( pager beeping ) ( beeping ) ( pager beeping ) ( pager beeping ) ( chattering ) ♪ in the fields of the Lord ♪ 
♪ stood Abel and Cain ♪ 
♪ Cain slew Abel 'neath the black rain ♪ 
♪ at night he couldn't stand the guilt or the blame... ♪ ( siren wailing ) ♪ so he gave it a name ♪ 
♪ so he gave it a name ♪ 
♪ so he gave it a name ♪ 
♪ Billy got drunk, angry at his wife ♪ 
♪ he hit her once, he hit her twice ♪ 
♪ at night he'd lie in bed ♪ 
♪ couldn't stand the shame ♪ 
♪ so he gave it a name ♪ 
♪ so he gave it a name... ♪ Yonkers. ♪ so he gave it a name... ♪ Pilot : Six minutes, seven, tops. ♪ Pa told me, "Son, one thing I know is true ♪ 
♪ poison snake bites you, you're poison, too..." ♪ - We're gonna go east. East, on the side of the parkway. ♪ at night I can feel that poison ♪ 
♪ running 'round my veins... ♪ Is that Palmer? Pilot :  No, I think that's Tuckahoe. ( camera shutter clicking ) Now west. Getty Square. Pilot :  Do you wanna go around again? Man :  Yeah. Woman : The zoning board has attached certain conditions to its own approval of the special exception subject to this council's approval... Thanks, Kathy. Are council meetings all this boring? Most. That's, um, Mr. Oxman? Harry. Over there. You didn't meet him yet? No, not yet. I heard about the job from Father Duffell at St. Peter's. Mr. Oxman's a Democrat, right? In Yonkers, parties don't matter. Whoever controls the majority of the council controls the city. Angelo Martinelli, the mayor, he's Republican. He's been around forever. Has most of the council voting with him. The Republicans were really pissed at Martinelli, especially Nick Longo right there. Restiano :  ...Rules Committee and adopt the measure... Hey, how are you? Good. How are you? Thank you, Councilwoman Restiano. Nick Wasicsko-- he was a county cop who ran in the 7th Ward. First-timer. ( gavel bangs ) If your mother needs a handicap space, you just let me know, 'cause I got these parking people on the speed dial, all right? Lives with his mother. Martinelli :  Is Mr. Wasicsko here? Councilman Wasicsko. Right here, Mr. Mayor. Just give me a call. I will. Thank you. Yeah. Sorry. Nick : One second. Sorry, sorry. Mr. Mayor, Resolution 143 deals with traffic safety along Yonkers Avenue between... ( helicopter blades whirring ) Man :  I want to get one more good look at the projects. Pilot :  Which ones? Schlobohm. Pilot :  Those? Man :  Yeah, right there. Right downtown. There you go. ( helicopter blades whirring ) ( children chattering ) ( helicopter passes ) ( woman in Spanish ) Come, Felipe. ( boy in Spanish ) You can watch some TV now and then you clean your room. ( boy speaking Spanish indistinctly) ( woman in Spanish ) All right, but you have to do your tasks. ( music blaring on radio ) ( chatter ) Man : Yeah. Man #2 : See, I told you! What the f*ck is that, nigga? Go ahead, m*therf*cker. That's it, man. Go ahead. See, I told you, B. Man :  Nah, sh1t, boy! I told you. I told you. ( continues indistinctly ) ( voices echoing ) Boy :  No, but you changed it. ( dog barking ) No! But I want to turn on the TV. But you changed the channel yesterday. Boy #2 : No. ( children continue chattering ) ( children arguing ) Mom : Guys, please. Girl : I hate this show. Mommy? But why wait? I want fun now. First, the car colors need a tune-up... All I'm saying is it would be a good thing if you and Tasha could get out of Schlobohm. And this place ain't gonna get no better. You want Lorna Doones or... Nilla Wafers? I'm serious, Ma. Now, there are other places besides Schlobohm for black folk. You think School Street Projects gonna be any better? Or Mulford? An apartment, Ma. Now, I can help you with the rent. Like you like it. I came here to visit, not to have my mama pack me a bag lunch like a schoolboy. Go build some nice cars today. Minivans, Ma. We build minivans up in Tarrytown. I told you. Good ones. Y'all build the best little vans money can buy, I'm sure. Come here. ( chuckling ) Love you, Ma. Mm-hmm. ( door opens, closes ) You want a moment for yourself, don't you, Nicky? Not really. I can tell. Go on, talk to him. All right. So, uh... what's new with you? Uh, me? You know, same old bullshit. Traded a vote with Oxman on a parking ordinance. I, um-- I got a bill in with Martinelli to name the senior center. Housing resolution's coming up again. That should be sh1t in a bag. But nothing's easy, you know? We all got problems. Except you. Right, Pop? Hey, Tommy. Councilman. Hey, you coming to kiss the ring? For what, gold shield? Nah. Council agenda for Tuesday. How else would you guys know how to vote if Ralph don't tell ya? ( chuckles ) ( exhales ) Hey, Joni. Mr. Arred should be expecting me. I'll let him know you're here. All right, thanks. Hey, young Charlie Cola, as I live and breathe. I just left your dad over at the hall. You up here for what? Nothing, really. Joni :  Councilman Wasicsko is here. Okay, well, good luck with that. ( receiver clicks ) Mr. Arred's ready for you. Oh, all right. ( knocks ) I don't know. I don't see it, Ralph. Martinelli's been in there for six terms. Enough is enough, maybe. The guy owns a printing company. He can paper the city with campaign literature a dozen times over. Look, I'm not gonna bullshit you. Angelo's strong. But who knows? Right guy at the right time? You got two years on the council and no enemies so far. How old are you? I'll be 28 in May. ( chuckling ) Christ. You got plenty of time, even if it doesn't work this run. I'm-- I'm really not seeing it, Ralph. Why? Why run me for mayor? Nick, look, this redistricting, I got two Democrats, two good votes-- you and Frank McGovern-- who are gonna be primarying each other. Yeah, okay, well, then run McGovern for mayor and let me hold down my council seat and, you know, you run Frank against Martinelli. I don't see Frank that way. Look, I'll raise you some money, Nick. Enough to make a respectable run-- say, 40 grand. I'm not gonna throw you to the wolves here, Nick. You got a real shot at this, maybe. ( chatter ) Clerk :  Councilman Mangieri. Here. Councilwoman McKirgan. Here. Not so boring tonight, huh? Clerk :  Councilman Fay. Here. Councilwoman Restiano. Here. Councilman Spallone. ( people cheering ) I was there, Bobby. You don't think I wasn't there? I watched the Bronx die from what this idiot judge is trying to shove down our throats. Councilman Spallone! Yeah, yeah. I'm here. ( crowd cheering ) Clerk :  All present, Mr. Mayor. ( gavel bangs ) First item, then. Clerk : Resolution number 69, Mayor Martinelli and Vice Mayor Oxman sponsoring. In the matter of court-ordered housing  in the case of the United States and the NAACP versus City of Yonkers. ( crowd booing ) ( gavel banging ) Is there any discussion? Yeah, there's something I'd like to discuss, Mr. Mayor. Spallone :  I'd like to discuss the fact that what this judge is doing  is nothing short of social engineering by someone-- by someone who doesn't live anywhere near our neighborhood. The fact is is that we lost that lawsuit. ( crowd booing ) The decision before us tonight is clear. The choice is to be responsible  to the people who elected us. Well, I, for one, am not going to be intimidated by this judge on what I believe in. We can't become a city that is both... ( crowd booing ) ( gavel bangs ) In contempt and bankrupt. The issue is that someone is gonna put together a housing plan. Do you want to have a say in it? ( crowd shouting ) Do we want to make sure that the plan is a moderate one? 'Cause that is the only issue now-- ( shouting ) Let him finish. ( shouting continues ) ( stammers ) ( gavel banging ) That's it. We are no longer allowing signs in the council chamber. You. ( shouting continues ) Martinelli :  Anybody who is carrying a sign shall relinquish it or be removed. And anyone involved in any more outbursts ( gavel banging ) Help me here. Jimmy, you try and take my flag, I'll take it to a reporter. 10-minute recess! ( gavel bangs ) ( shouting continues ) Goddamn judge needs to come down here and see what he started. Mm. ( toilet flushes ) It's a shitstorm out there, and Spallone's leading the charge. You want to hear my good news or what? Come on, take a guess. Ralph Arred thinks I should run for mayor against Angelo. Offered me $40,000. ( door opens ) ( door closes ) ( unzips ) Who was that? That's Oscar Newman. He's the expert we hired to consult on the housing. We tried to fire him twice, and now the judge is making us pay the guy to help us build the housing whether we like it or not. Within this crowd, you don't want to stand within 10 feet of the guy. So, "Nick Wasicsko for Mayor"? Of Yonkers? Good one. Let's talk. ( news radio playing ) Not working today? Store closed? No, I'm off. What are you doing with the day? ( car horn honks ) You got a plan for the day? Going down School. School Street? What for? To see my sister. We left out of there 10 years ago. I just don't know why you keep going back. Ma, are you ready? I'm gonna be late my own self if we don't get out of here. Woman :  Are those my earrings? Woman #2 :  No. Woman :  They look like a pair I'm missing... ( door closes ) ( radio announcer chattering ) Tell Gail big sis said, "Hey." ( engine starts ) ( music playing on radio ) It's just down to foot-dragging at this point and the judge won't put a stop to it. He could. He could impose a housing desegregation plan with or without the cooperation of Yonkers. Why doesn't he? He thinks it's better for the city government to participate. He thinks that once they realize that the fight's over that they'll come around. ( chuckling ) The people have been doing the same thing for 50 years. They're not-- not just gonna change. You don't mean to suggest that white folk aren't gonna welcome us? ( all chuckle ) Look, like it or not-- like it or not, Yonkers has to put 200 units of low-income housing on the white side of the Saw Mill River Parkway, and when Judge Sand loses patience, they'll desegregate or they'll be held in contempt. The contempt is there no matter what. ( all chuckle ) Man :  Preach, brother. ( chattering ) Ben? Ben. Hang on. Do you think I could just-- could I have a minute, please? Are you guys pissed at me about something? Did I do something wrong? This is a victory for the NAACP. It's a-- it's an honest-to-God legal precedent. How many other cities just pile the low-income housing into black neighborhoods or use federal money to segregate? This is-- it's a big win for the movement. 10 years ago, I would've agreed. Back then, I'd have seen this case as the answer to a problem. Okay. Most of us would have, but we've been at this game a long time, Mike. Longer than you, and a lot of us are at the point where if they don't want to live with us, then why should we want to live with them? Ah, come on. What? Are you-- are you serious? I don't know. Maybe I've grown old in this fight. Maybe the fight has grown old to me, but watching how this has played out over the last seven years, how much we're going through for a few hundred scattered units of housing... The Executive Director of the NAACP is arguing against integration. Who'd have thought it? No. I'm not arguing against anything, Mike. I'm just tired. ( chattering ) ( music playing on radio ) ( woman chuckles ) I like Yonkers better than Jersey. ( coughing ) ( inhales ) Yo. They fiending today, boy. Time to head back over to Riverdale for that re-up. Yo, you met Doreen, Gail's sister? This is my brother Skipper... after that peanut butter. Oh, come on, man. No, true dat. Yo, you ate so much of that sh1t when you was comin' up, we had to tag you with that sh1t. ( women laughing ) Yo, you stupid. Nuh-uh, Gail didn't say nothing about no sister, now. I'd have remembered that. Yes, I would. Mm-hmm. ( chuckles ) Police? Yo, if them off-brand, professor-looking bitches be police, ain't nobody getting caught doing sh1t. ( all laugh ) Man :  Look at the beard on that Abe Lincoln-looking m*therf*cker, yo. ( all laugh ) Man :  God damn. Pass it. He got a grip on them emancipation papers. That sh1t ain't gonna work up in the projects. sh1t. ( dog barking ) Maria :  We cooked, Mama. Tia Dama showed me a recipe-- sancocho. Dama :  Maria wanted to cook. I couldn't keep her out of the kitchen. Mm! It's really good, little girl. ( dog barking ) ( people shouting ) Carmen :  Do you know the Mota family in Building Two? Gabriella's boys? Mm. Just yesterday they were little. ( chuckles ) They're older now. How much longer for the city of Yonkers to comply with the order of this court, of this judge? Your Honor, compliance with the court order-- - Compliance. This is 657 pages. The finding? Yonkers intentionally segregated its housing and its schools for 40 years. This is a decision. It was issued a year and a half ago. I, too, am growing impatient. Your Honor, when there is a violation of the Constitution, the remedy cannot be ignored because it is unpopular. On the subject of the housing remedy, Your Honor-- Mr. Newman. - Your Honor, the court's idea of concentrating 200 public housing units on just two sites is-- well, I think there's a better way. We're only talking about 200 units in a city of 200,000 people. Yes, but you want it on just two sites in East Yonkers. For that to work, those 200 units would have to be spread out over more sites-- maybe eight or 10. Eight or 10 sites? Too many units in any neighborhood won't blend in with the community. It becomes isolated and divisive. Any low-income housing in Yonkers is divisive. That's how they see it. Your Honor, for the record, Yonkers' city officials agree with Mr. Newman's assessment. All Yonkers' city officials care about is getting reelected. If they can use another study to keep them  from doing anything until after the next election, they will. I'd like to hear Mr. Newman out. Newman :  Your Honor, first off, to make your remedy order successful... Jim. Hey. Hey. Nick : My brother Michael. Hey. Hey. Mike, Jim Surdoval. All right. You lose those glasses, we could run  you  for office. ( men laugh ) Nick : All right, Jim, what do you got? Ralph offered it to Frank McGovern before you, but Frank didn't think Angelo was beatable. - Son of a bitch. And if you do win, he'll be the first to tell you how good he's been to you. Unbelievable. What the f*ck? Maybe Angelo is vulnerable. You know, if we can exploit his weaknesses or, I don't know, make you into a statesman. Funny. - No, but I'm saying he's been in there a long time, right? So, you know, he's probably made some enemies. - Here you go. He's made a lot of friends, too. Thank you. Boom. Maybe we bang him on that, on putting them all on the city payroll. Yeah, imagine that. Patronage-- appointing friends, not enemies to important posts. I mean, when you're mayor, Nick, I expect a cushy board job, too. His IDA appointees giving tax breaks to fat-cat developers who don't deserve them. That's pretty boring, right? Jim : Yeah, that. Not like there's a scandal there. He's twice Nick's age. He's got a confrontational style. People complain about it. "Don't get mad, get a new mayor." ( groans ) I don't know what that meant the last time you used it and told them to get a new councilman. Well, you know what, it kicked out a six-term incumbent, so... But, Nick, you vote with Angelo mostly. You're right. You're right. Come to think of it, Angelo's been a pretty good mayor after all. ( coin clinks ) f*ck it. He's got my vote. ( music playing ) Jim : Springsteen? Mike : This again? Oh, come on. Nick : It's my theme song. ( music continues ) ♪ got a wife and kids in Baltimore, Jack ♪ 
♪ I went out for a ride and I never went back ♪ 
♪ like a river that don't know where it's flowing ♪ 
♪ I took a wrong turn and I just kept going ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hungry heart ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hungry heart ♪ ♪ lay down your money and you play your part ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hu-hu-hungry heart ♪ ( vocalizing ) ♪ I met her in a Kingstown bar ♪ 
♪ we fell in love, I knew it had to end ♪ 
♪ we took what we had and we ripped it apart ♪ 
♪ now here I am down in Kingstown again ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hungry heart... ♪ He should be indicted. You know why? Because he knows what we should know... ♪ lay down your money and you play your part ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hu-hu-hungry heart... ♪ ( yelling continues ) ♪ la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ everybody needs a place to rest ♪ 
♪ everybody wants to have a home ♪ 
♪ don't make no difference what nobody says ♪ 
♪ ain't nobody like to be alone ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah, everybody's got a hungry heart ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hungry heart ♪ 
♪ lay down your money and you play your part ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hu-hu-hungry heart ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hungry heart ♪ 
♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ everybody's got a hu-hu-hungry heart ♪ ( siren chirps ) "Honesty, integrity, commitment. Vote Nick Wasicsko for Mayor." Add in "leadership," and you've hit for the cycle. What's your bumper sticker gonna say? Mine? "Nick Longo is an asshole." ( chuckles ) Seriously. What's it matter? The way they redrew my district, I lose to Longo by eight points no matter what. I know. I'm sorry, Vin. You should've run for mayor like me. It's always better to lose big than to lose small. Uh-- hey. Um, any of you guys want some fresh coffee? I just put a pot on. Yeah, I'd love some. No, I'm good. Thank you. Sure. ( whispering ) That's Harry Oxman's new secretary. Or, as I like to call her, "The future Mrs. Wasicsko," though she knows it not. ( chuckles ) Well, she's cute, Nick. You could do a lot worse. In fact, you  have  done a lot worse. "Leadership, lechery, commitment. Vote Wasicsko." Oh, yeah, that's better. You're getting there. Martinelli : And I can work with both parties without any political consideration. That's what experience gives you. The more you serve, the more you're able to do what's right-- letting the chips fall where they may. Angelo, there's been a lot of opposition to the housing initiative. Well, that's an understatement. ( reporters chuckle ) Martinelli :  I think that by and large  the people of Yonkers understand that a federal judge has ruled and the city must now comply with the law. Man :  Nick Wasicsko is a first-term councilman. It doesn't seem like much of a race, does it? I expect a quiet campaign. ( all laugh ) No, listen, I say so because my opponent has voted with me on most issues. But Nick-- Nick's a smart guy with a lot of promise, so I am taking nothing for granted. 
 
 Hi, ma'am. How you doing? I'm Nick Wasicsko. I'm running for mayor of Yonkers. You don't wanna take this with you? Nick Wasicsko. I'm running for mayor. Nah. Hi, how you doing? I'm Nick Wasicsko. I'm running for mayor. No, not now. Sure? You can take that pamphlet with you. Look at it at home. No, thanks. Hi, ma'am. How you doing? Can I help you with your items? Yeah? Your store items here? Okay. Looks like you need a hand. Thank you. How you doing? I'm Nick Wasicsko. What's your name? Uh, Marie. Nick Wasicsko. I'm running for mayor. Mayor of Yonkers. Hope to have your support in the election. It's W-A-S-I-C-S-K-O. Spelled just like it sounds. Okay. I'm running for mayor of Yonkers. You wanna just take it home and take a look at it? Doesn't cost anything. You just gotta read it. I'm sorry. Ma'am, where exactly are you parked? Oh, I got no car. I live six blocks over, up on Warburton. Are you f*cking kidding me? Hi. How's it going there? How are you two doing? Are you registered to vote? No. I'm Nick Wasicsko. I'd like to be your mayor. ( woman giggles ) ( screams ) Oh, my God! Ooh! I'm sorry! Jesus. Oh, God! Oh, come on. I'm sorry, baby. ( book rustles ) Mr. Hobart? What time is it? Mr. Rodriguez was supposed to relieve me at 4:00. It's 2:00. It is? Seems later than that. I'm having trouble with my eyes. ( whining, humming ) f*ck this. Hi. I'm gonna be a while. Okay. How long you thinking? Hours, it looks like. ( sighs ) All right, yeah. Thinks he's gonna run against Angelo and get help around here? He's crazy. Nick... there's another one in the basement. What? A copy machine. Oh. Yeah, well... I'm sure that one only works for Angelo, too, though, right? Well, you can't blame people. I mean everyone in here owes their job to Martinelli. Yeah. No, I know. I know. Well, you can give it to me, and I'll get it copied for you. Just don't tell anyone. Oh. Well, that's very nice. No, but I need like 300 of these, though. ( chuckles ) Sure. Wow. I really appreciate that. And if you want, you can put a sign on my father's house. We're on Pier Street. What would, uh, vice man Harry Oxman think, though? Um, well, he's my boss, right? Yeah. But I-- I vote how I like. Okay. Hey, it's the American way, right? ( snickers ) If you say so, yeah. I appreciate that. Thank you. You got it. All right. I'll see you around. Yeah. ( door closes ) Dwayne :  Hey, Ma. Norma :  Hey. ( TV playing in background ) ( distant siren wailing ) Feel better? ( chuckles ) You ain't seein' no better? I suppose I need a little more rest. You've been in bed four days now. How much more rest you gonna give it? I'm calling the doctor, Ma. Oh, no, Dwayne-- No, Ma, I'm calling. Thanks for the lift. Yeah, no problem. It's on the way to the Italian-American forum tonight, so... Every night's some other event, huh? Yeah, well. It's crazy. I know. If you wanna be the mayor, you gotta work at it, right? Yeah. And, um... well, don't tell anybody, but I always wanted to be the mayor. Really? Yeah. ( chuckling ) It's true, I swear. I used to talk about it all the time growing up. The other kids used to call me "the mayor." ( laughs ) Really? It wasn't a compliment. But, you know, I try to take it as one. Mm-hmm. So... Yeah. All right, I better go in. My parents will worry about me. Yeah, okay. Have a good night, okay? All right, yeah. It's just-- 'Night-- That was weird. Was it? I just-- you kinda caught me off guard. Um, I'd better go in now. Okay. We should talk. Yeah, okay. Monday. Okay. All right, bye. Nick : Good night. Yeah, good night. ( wind chimes tinkling ) ( engine starts ) Whoo-hoo-hoo! Sand :  I have long despaired of giving civic lessons in Yonkers, but if a detailed plan for 200 units of public housing is not approved by the council before next Thursday, Yonkers will be in contempt of court. Fines will commence and be doubled every day thereafter. Your Honor? Mr. Sculnick? Your Honor, holding the city in contempt would serve only to divide the city council further, and the fines would damage the city's bond rating, close the door to borrowing, and cause property values to plummet. All of which is of little moment to those suffering the deprivation of their rights. Your Honor, you could impose your own integration plan on the city. Mr. Sculnick, I was not elected to represent Yonkers. Sculnick :  Your Honor, the city council is bitterly divided. Threatening to fine the city will only force each side to dig their heels in further. Mr. Sculnick, the City of Yonkers now faces a choice of compliance  or receivership until a housing plan is approved. Am I understood? Yes, Your Honor. We're adjourned. Bailiff :  All rise. Number one or number two? Neither. I-- I just see color. You don't see the top line on the chart? Norma : I see dark red, and it's mostly round, whatever it is. It's the diabetes, Miss O'Neal. Is it gonna get better? Yeah, I know. I think that we could have a nice time together. Get to know each other a little better, you know? ( softly ) How does that look, though? You're running for mayor, and I work in the office. Yeah. Okay. Well, we'll be careful, you know? Nobody will know anything. I'm serious. I wanna take it slow and see where this goes before everyone in here is talking about me. I love slow. Okay, great. Okay, all right. I'll see you later. Okay, go-- What the f*ck? Martinelli :  Sand's threatening fines that will bankrupt the city in 22 days. That is Russian roulette with five bullets in the chamber. Sorry. I got, uh, buttonholed out in the hallway. Angry constituent. 200 units on four possible sites. It's not the end of the world, guys. We spread it around. No district gets more than one site, no site gets more than 50 or so units. I'm thinking maybe we double the number of proposed housing sites. Eight sites means less units in any one neighborhood. Less anger from voters. We spread the pain thinner. Or we dump all of them in Spallone's district. Either way. ( all laugh ) Like I said, it's better to be on the inside when a deal goes down. I'm asking you all to be cosponsors. I'm not gonna bother with Spallone on them. We know how they stand. Christ, an election year? Tell me about it. Thank you. Martinelli :  Look, I know you guys  would rather do nothing and let the judge pick the sites himself, but the judge ain't buying that. He put it on us. I can't be a cosponsor. I just can't have my name on it. Martinelli : Come on, Frank. Yeah, but you can vote for it, right? Or Angelo will put three of the eight sites in your district. ( laughter ) Look, I understand complying and that the law is the law, but what about our appeal? We should have never appealed in the first place. Not a chance in hell they'll overturn Sand. But we're still paying the lawyers to carry it to the second circuit, so if you wanna tell the voters you're fighting it in the courts, you can. Honestly, guys, I think this is the only responsible option we have. You think about it over lunch, and I want a "yes." Ha. After you. Wanna grab some lunch? Nick? How's it going out there on the hustings? Tough racket, huh? Yeah. I hear you're out there pounding the pavement, pressing the flesh. Hey, don't worry. You'll hit your stride. I'll see you, Angelo. ( door slams ) Outwardly, he's calm. Inside, he's terrified of me. Absolutely terrified. Yeah, well, at least if you lose, you'll lose to a six-term incumbent. Me? No. You'll pull it out, Vin. You will. Well, nice of you to say so. Woman on PA :  Because I don't think any of these people understand the simple fact that the law doesn't guarantee  that you get to live in a neighborhood that you can't afford. Am I right? And last I gotta say that maybe this judge, if he likes the people who live in public housing so much, then maybe he should have that kind of housing  in his neighborhood where he lives. See how he likes it. We're not prejudiced. We just object to giving housing subsidies in an area  where people have worked so hard to afford their homes. Sir, you've already had your chance to speak. Anyone is welcome to live in my neighborhood if they have the money. Man :  I'm just saying that this city council-- Martinelli :  ...a long list of residents who have signed up to speak. Woman :  We wanna hear what he has to say! Man :  Let me have my say. I'm gonna ask you one more time, sir. Please have a seat. I just wanna say one last thing. Sir, you are not going to speak again. Man :  One last thing. Martinelli :  Sir, you are done speaking. You have spoken your case. ( crowd chanting ) Let him speak! ( elevator bell dings ) Oh, morning, Hank. Morning. Morning, Anne Marie. You lurking or stalking? Did you see the "Times"? Not yet. Seems the council finally had the courage to make the right decision. Well, eight of them, anyway. That was the vote, right? Eight to five? Maybe we've turned a corner here. ( chuckles ) You think so? We're talking about Yonkers. True. Thank you. Mm-hmm. ( music playing on radio ) So, uh, I was thinking maybe we'd go over to Mannion's. Mannion's? Yeah, get a couple steaks. Yeah, so we can see everyone we work with. Oh, come on, they got the best steaks in town. - No. No. Everybody goes there 'cause it's a great restaurant. I don't care. What are we gonna do, go to a drive-thru where nobody'll see us? Look at that. ( laughs ) They're making their own signs. Look. Nay, they're making their own goddamn signs. ( music continues ) Holy sh1t. ( car door opens, closes ) This is Angelo's district. Yeah. Look, the housing case is killing him in his own f*cking district. Look at this. It's all you. Nick... My God. With the groceries and the bus fare and money for the Laundromat, I spend $30 less a month than I make for you, Paul. That's $30 left to get me through a month with three kids. I work my ass off for you, Paul. And at the end of the month, I have enough to take my kids to a movie or maybe put a winter coat on layaway. That's it. So what do you say? ( music playing ) ( Nay chuckling ) Everywhere on the East Side, right? I saw. I drove around after you called. I saw. Nay : Hi. I don't understand. Why should they vote for me over Angelo? I mean, I haven't done-- Because you're not Angelo. Yeah, but I voted the same way as Angelo on almost everything, including the school deseg and the housing. I mean, I was cosponsor on his plan to give in to the judge, for Christ's sake. But that one's understandable, given the threat of the city being fined. You were responsible. The only thing that separates me from him on the housing is the vote to appeal last year. I voted to appeal the judge's decision and he did not. And we hit that hard. Every day from now until the polls open, we hit them with the appeal vote. Nay : Thank you. Nick : Thank you. Jim, why don't you order something? No, no. It's okay. We're on a date. It's a date. No, we're-- we're not on a date. Well, whatever it is, you two enjoy yourselves. - Thank you. Have a great night. Thank you. A date? I mean, come on. Come on, what? Dama :  DR? You remember DR? I remember it was cheaper, safer. It's like a prison here for them. ( speaking Spanish ) You're gonna move to DR? I was happy there. Poor, too. And here I am parking my Mercedes in front of Building Eight. ( chuckles ) To be poor in DR was no crime. ( speaks Spanish )  But here... ( scoffs, speaks Spanish )  f*ck, DR... See, I was the one who voted to appeal last year to give Yonkers its full day in court. My opponent did not. He was satisfied with the judge's decision on the housing desegregation case. I was not. Vote Wasicsko. All right? It's time for a new future. Oh, I've heard about you. Okay? No more two years. Not another two years. Vote Wasicsko. Good luck. Thank you. Here you go. Vote for Wasicsko. Vote for Yonkers' future, all right? Okay, thanks. Thank you. Thank you very much. Good for you. Go get him, kid. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Angelo's dead to me now. Oh, well, all right. Well, he's not dead yet, so... Oh, thank you. ...vote for Wasicsko, okay? Martinelli's been mayor a long time. Too long, in fact, all right? He's no longer listening to the voters, because what I'm hearing-- what he should be hearing-- is that the people of Yonkers want the housing decision appealed. You'll go to the Supreme Court. That Jew judge ain't gonna build that garbage nohow. Okay, look, I don't-- Not where I live. I hear ya. I just don't think that we should-- Tell that judge to go shove it! It kinda brings out the ugly in people. So, you're the fella taking on Martinelli. That's me. How do you do? I'm doing very well. I'll do better if you vote for Wasicsko come election night, all right? All right. You bet. I think the people of Yonkers should have their say. And if the people wanna have their say, they're gonna be voting for Nick Wasicsko next Tuesday. My opponent has been in office a long time... A lamb into a lion. Yeah. I should've made McGovern run. Let the kid have the council seat. Ah, it's the housing, not him. ( grunts ) Tell me about it. f*cking judge f*cked you good, Ange. You should've voted for the appeal. Waste of money. That appeal goes nowhere. You'll see. But, yeah, should've voted for the goddamn thing. No f*cking kidding. ( chuckling ) I'll call you back. ( Nick continues speaking ) I can't fit more in that one. What's left? My sweaters and books. It's warm there, right? But if we need them, your cousins will be staying here. They can send what we need. And I will buy you more books when we get there. I promise. ( siren wailing ) ( Carmen speaking Spanish ) Felipe, we have to leave. Roberto. ( Carmen speaking Spanish ) Don't worry. I'll take care of everything. Gracias. De nada. ( door opens ) ( dog barking ) ( door creaks ) ( crowd chattering ) Longo beats Vinni. But I figured that. She had no shot. But I can't believe Frank McGovern going down to Chema by almost two to one. Fagan's coming back. Spallone won, Charlie Cola. Christ, except for Oxman, everyone who was even moderate on the housing got knocked off. I mean, sh1t, even if I get in, I'm not gonna have the votes. Nick Longo's gonna have four votes and the council in his pocket. These numbers? Is that mostly East Side? Because if it's East Side, I'm gonna-- I'm gonna drop this guy. Yeah. Surdoval's on the line. Hey, Jim, what do ya got? East Side's coming in. Hold a sec. Thanks. They're saying he's losing the 11th. If Martinelli can't win his home ward, it's over. I'm looking at new numbers on TV. The AP called it. Christ. I win by 1,500 votes. ( crowd cheering ) ( cheering continues ) I'm the f*ckin' mayor! ( cheering continues ) I'm so proud of you! ( music playing ) Thank you. Gonna start calling you the "miracle candidate" for beating these odds. Well-- He did the same thing two years ago. Nobody thought he'd win. Hartley :  But did you really believe you'd knock off Martinelli? Well, I never thought I'd lose. Hey, Martinelli's here. Uh, excuse me for one second. Congratulations, Nick. Thank you, Angelo. You know, the voters have lifted a tremendous burden off of my shoulders and placed it on yours. Well, I think these shoulders will be able to handle it. Well, good luck to you, Nick. Thank you, Angelo. I'm happy for you. Mr. Mayor? Yes, Martha, one second. If you need anything, let me know. Thank you. So I guess the voters decided not to get mad. No, no, no. You know, I think that, uh... they were disappointed in the last administration and they saw in me someone that has the ability to change the direction of the city. Are you surprised at the margin of votes for you? You literally continued to pull away. Well, you know, I talked to thousands of people during this campaign, and they told me they wanted a change, and I guess they voted the way they spoke. So-- Excuse me. Congratulations. No, it was the housing issue, not the candidate. First time getting kissed by a mayor. Is it really? You mean Angelo never slipped you one? ( phone ringing ) ( Nay laughing ) ( applause, cheering ) Thank you! Thank you. ( phone continues ringing ) Thank you! Thank you. Thank you, really. I am truly honored. ( ringing ) Wait, wha-- what do you mean by "major"? Major cities, cities that matter. Yonkers matters? Cities of 150,000 population or more. You are definitely the youngest mayor in America. Which means you're officially a rising star in the Democratic Party. ( chuckles ) Nice of Martinelli letting you work out of the office before inauguration. A good man-- Angelo. Hell of a guy. ( Mike laughs ) ( phone continues ringing ) ( phone continues ringing ) Where the hell is Cheryl? We can't just leave the phones. Mayor's office. ...big plans. ( knocking on door ) The lawyers on line one. The lawyers? The lawyers. Nick here. Nick Wasicsko. The mayor. Mayor-elect. Right. Yeah, hi, Mike. Uh-huh. No grounds at all? Yeah. Right. Okay, well, thank you. All right. Bye-bye. They denied that housing appeal. Sided with Sand on every count. I voted for the appeal and I lost. Nothing I can do about that, right? Yeah, they can't blame you. Right? ( distant siren wailing ) Yeah. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 