Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Part 5 - Show Me a Hero 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Part 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=399&t=20186 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/31/15 15:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Part 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ( bell dinging ) 
 Man :  86 the special. 
 ♪ I'm so inspired by you ♪ 
♪ that hasn't happened for the longest time ♪ 
♪ once I thought my innocence was gone... ♪ What's this? Oh, yeah, this is the "Profile in Courage" thing? Yeah, I saw that in the paper. Congratulations. It's our ticket home. Home? City Hall. I'm running again. I'm gonna kick Spallone's ass or Chema or Martinelli or whoever else the Republicans wanna send at me. I was on the right side of the housing and more and more people see it. How you doing? I'm also hearing that Vinni's gonna run for the new council president post. And she polls really well on the East Side, so I'm thinking we tick it up with Vinni, and then we just get in here-- Nick, I'm-- I'm committed to Zaleski. Zaleski? Yeah. Terry f*ckin' Zaleski? I helped recruit and encourage him to run. He's the reform candidate for the Democrats. You didn't check with me first? Come, on, Jim, you knew I was thinking about getting back into this thing. Come on, Jim. You got your start with me. For Christ's sake, you were my chief of staff. Who's Terry Zaleski to you? Nick, I know he's only an assemblyman, but he's got an East Side district, so he can carry those precincts. Plus, he's pro-compliance on the housing, but he's not identified with it like you are. Or he's not identified with it because he hid the hell up in Albany in '88 and stayed as far away from Yonkers as he could. There's a lot at stake here. This is gonna be the first four-year term and strong mayor in our lifetime, and we need the Democrat with the best shot... Yeah, it's gonna be... ...against whoever's coming at us in the general. ...the first strong mayor because I got the charter amendment through, and you're gonna hand it to Terry f*ckin' Zaleski? No, no, no. Jim, no. It's not a negative for me anymore. I took a courageous stand. I was the only one in the city who did the right thing. Nick, courage isn't the kind of word you can use to describe yourself even if it's true. It works when other people say it. Other people are saying it, God damn it. Read the f*cking letter. The city's still too raw, Nick. They're not ready for you again. f*ck you, Jim. Oh, come on, Nick. f*ck you, I'm running and I'm winning. Nick! Man over PA :  Number 70... Ella Cummins! ( crowd cheering ) Man over PA :  Number 71... ( shovel scraping ) Hey, watch your step. I'm good. No, it's slippery. I'm good. Hey, what's the matter? I just-- Doll, you okay? It feels like there's-- there's-- nothing's ever finished, nothing's ever accomplished. I mean, you shovel the walk and you shovel it again. - Right. I weed the garden and I weed it again. We mow the lawn, we mow it again. Uh-huh. Is this about the house? We voted for Wasicsko over Martinelli, because he said he would fight for us. But he didn't really fight, so we vote for Hank Spallone, who said he would fight, but he... So he's up against Chema, who caved on the consent decree vote, or Martinelli, who didn't fight for us way back when. It just-- we keep shoveling the same walk. It never ends. So it is about the house. Is this enough manpower? Do you want to spend more? Not if I can help it. Then it's enough. Based on my experience up in Greenburgh, you'd be hard-pressed to get HUD to fund any of me. They're about the bricks and mortar. They have less interest in building the people up. Well, I'll find the money.  ( knocking on door ) Oh, am I-- sorry to disturb you. No, no. Oscar, please come in. I want you to meet Bob Mayhawk. I was telling you about his program. You're the consultant. As are you. I'm an admirer of most of what you've done with these housing units. The emphasis on ownership and personal responsibility is essential here. We're gonna start with that. I'd better go brief my team. The only thing I'll need from you will be a list of the most vocal opponents to the housing. Opponents?  Not political people. Homeowners. The angrier the better. I'll have my office work that up. Good. I'll go through them in detail, pick our targets. It's good to meet you, Mr. Newman. Same here. Most of what I've done? ( laughs ) Hey, girl. I'm in here. How are you? Hey, where's my little monster? I just put him down for a nap. Oh, I'm just gonna go peek on him and see in there. Uh, you wake him, you take him. Where's Ma and Daddy? She's at the grocery store and Daddy's at work. Where else? So, how you doin', little sis? I'm getting better. Mm-hmm. Feeling better. Not that they trust me to go anywhere or do anything. I've been thinking, maybe you and Jaron could come stay with me at my apartment. I mean, if Ma and Daddy see you all right, they gotta come round to trusting you again. For real? I want you to come out with me today. Meet a friend of mine out of Dunbar Homes. A friend? Mm-hmm. When HUD talked to me, I said your staff could do it. No. I mean, on paper we're the City of Yonkers, the same city that fought the housing for a decade. I mean, I'm white, you're white, the whole damn city government's white, in case you haven't noticed. Oscar, we're gonna need somebody outside of this agency, somebody with standing in their community. And he's your man? You may not want to hear this, but your houses are just houses. The people we put in them are gonna matter even more. Well, I'm not a people person, or so it's been said of me. But you may not be wrong. ( chuckles ) Woman :  They say we're tenants. We're not tenants. We're residents, a community. And calling them projects makes me think of science projects. ( laughs )  We are not a project. We are, I would think, a complex or a development. Woman #2 : Amen! Right? Low-income--  that's another phrase we hear, too. But low-income doesn't mean low class. ( crowd agrees ) See, the problem begins with the language that gets used with the assumptions that all the folks in public housing are low, that all we wanna do is just lay around and smoke drugs. I live in public housing. Woman #3 :  All right. I live here, and I am nothing like what they are describing. That's right, now. Woman #4 :  Amen! Amen! ( music playing ) You know, I never really trusted Surdoval. He's a little too feral for me. Yeah, well, he's done a hell of job orchestrating all these phone calls from people telling me they're gonna back Zaleski and that my running would just split the vote. God damn it. Yeah, well, I mean, Zaleski's a fresh slate, you know? He's a back-bench state legislator that no one knows enough to dislike. It's not fair, but it makes sense. I've got the press waiting for me to announce, I've got everybody primed. I'm f*cking twisting here. All right, look. If it were me, this is what I'd do. I'd take it one step at a time. Grab Chema's council seat now that he's throwing in for mayor. And from there, you're in the game. You either run the Democrats on the council and share credit with Zaleski-- Or if Zaleski's a lousy mayor, I'm an everyday thorn in his side. Yeah. I know. I thought about that. Well, what does Nay say? You know she's always got my back no matter what I do. She's always on my side... which is why I wanted to talk to you about this. Why, I'm not on your side? No-- How long have we known each other? You say that-- I'm just saying. I'm just saying. So you... out of it for four years, now you're throwing your hat in for council president? Why now? I don't know. I mean, I think I have enough name recognition to run citywide. The field is weak. Farmer's gonna have trouble on the East Side, and Jack O'Toole's a write-in joke. You're getting better at this. ( snickers ) Mm. Really, you are. So what are you gonna do? I don't know. I think I need to look Terry Zaleski in the eyes. Yeah. Not like we can stop you, but you've seen how these drugs do. And if you got another way... I'm stronger now. And if I'm not, then hiding here or New Jersey ain't gonna help. Schlobohm ain't no place to raise no child, especially alone. You need to trust me some.  ( music blaring on radio ) Yeah. ( chatter ) What the f*ck?  ( music continues ) Yeah, kiddo. That's gonna be you in a few years, baby. Hot, I heard you was back. Yeah, just got home. You seen my son? Little shorty here? Ain't no stranger to me and Meeka. So, what you moving back? Building Seven? Yeah, that's the plan, yo. ( boy coos ) Got hisself a grocery job, too. Meeka :  Aw, damn. Homeboy going all Huxtable and sh1t. ( laughing ) f*ck you, Meeka. Why you gotta put my sh1t in the street about the grocery store? What's the problem, bro? ( door closes ) Come on, baby. ( door slams ) For the good of the party, we cannot afford to lose City Hall this year. First time to elect a strong mayor in 50 years. But I'm the one with the experience that we're gonna need. And I think that people know that. Nick, people have long memories, especially in this town, and that housing mess, it's still too fresh. Well, look, Spallone's made it-- Spallone? Really? You and Spallone again? No, people want to put the housing behind them and forget about it. I don't have the taint of all that. ( teakettle whistling ) On the other hand, quite frankly, you're the face of the entire ugly mess. But you don't need this right now. It's too much. ( whistling continues ) You and Nick are young. You're newlyweds, just starting your lives together. Terry and I are older. We've got it all mapped out. You have what mapped out? Life, career, you know. ( distant boy yelling ) We're not gonna be in Yonkers for long. Oh-- We look toward a congressional run, which will necessitate a move. And then maybe Albany after that. We have a clear idea of the future. You guys are just starting out. Right. But we need to be united here. Listen to reason. Don't do this now. We'll take care of you. You can have any position in my administration. Deputy mayor, commissioner, anything you like. And if you do decide to run for mayor down the road, you still have all the time in the world. But not this time. Lynn : Here you are, honey. We need to be united, Nick. ( boys shouting ) ( doorbell rings ) Yes? Mrs. Mary Dorman? I'm pleased to meet you. My name is Bob Mayhawk. You've been recommended by someone who thought you would be perfect for a community project to which I'm presently attached. It's about the public housing. I'd appreciate it if you'd hear me out on the matter. Oh. Yes, uh... Uh, won't you come in, mister... Mayhawk. Mr. Mayhawk, yes. Thank you. Um, sure, please. As I began to explain, I run a group called the Housing Education Relocation Enterprise, or HERE. We've been commissioned by the Yonkers Housing Authority to help these tenants move into the new homes. Thank you. And to do so in the best possible way for the tenants and for the existing neighborhood residents. Mmm. We intend to make sure that what is going to happen, happens in the best possible way for everyone. May I ask, Mrs. Dorman, how do you feel about the housing presently? Honestly? But of course. Honestly, I don't-- I don't believe in it. You don't believe in the purpose of the housing, or you don't believe that the housing is coming to your neighborhood? I don't believe in the idea of it. I know the housing is coming. It is. Oh, pardon me. You are exactly right. It is going to happen. And what is left for all of us to decide is exactly what it will be. Or, more importantly perhaps, what it will not be. Nick : Yeah, you know, I won't deny that I looked hard at another run for mayor. I think time has made clear that we chose the correct course in regards to the housing issue, and in that sense, I feel that Yonkers was ready to reconsider my leadership. Nick, if you'd have won the Profile in Courage Award, would your hat be in the ring for mayor? Well, uh... what do the stars and starlets always say? "It's an honor just to be nominated"? ( laughter ) But, no. Here, look. It's not about any award, you know. It's about the future of the city. Reporter :  Nick, was this a sudden decision? I mean, we came here today expecting to hear your formal announcement for mayor. Yeah, well, Maury, I've been agonizing that a split would weaken the general effort, so it's time to come together. Reporter #2 : Mr. Zaleski, do you think a Wasicsko endorsement boosts your candidacy? I think people expected the Democrats to be scattered, and now that's not so. Nick, are you going to be working on behalf of the assemblyman? Full-time. I'll be working with the Zaleski campaign full-time as well as my own efforts to return to the council of the Second District. So you're gonna run for a council seat instead of mayor? ( chuckles ) Yeah. Well, with a Democratic mayor and council president, I look forward to being part of a team, a time of real progress for the City of Yonkers. Reporter #2 :  Mr. Zaleski, how do you see your chances, given the Republican candidate's higher name recognition? I think the people know and are confident in the reform that I can bring to city government. All right, what aboutow our poll watchers? What do their numbers look like? Man on TV :  His term of office will be four years instead of... All right. All right, call me when you got something. Okay, but what about that Radford Street polling place? Still nothing? Well, I haven't seen anything from the Fourth and Eighth Wards either. Woman on TV :  Looks like we have some new numbers. With 86% of the election districts reporting, Democrat Terry Zaleski is leading with 38% of the vote,   trailed by Republican... ( line rings ) Hey, it's me again. What do you got? sh1t, are you kidding me? Seventh Ward returns are in. Magilton's ahead 150 votes, Chema's carrying those two. f*ck! Right, right, right. Okay, no. That's-- that's a district around Nodine Hill. That's where he lives, so, no, I get it. Nay, could you do something, please? Can you just call the elections board and get me some better numbers, 'cause I can't lose another f*cking election, okay? Calm down. No, I'm sorry. I'm not yelling at you. Joke. Sorry. Woman on TV :  Okay, I understand there are new developments. We have a crew standing by live. So, now we'll be going to Martinelli campaign headquarters, where the former mayor is now addressing supporters. I wanna thank everybody who volunteered not only for this campaign, but for all my campaigns.  It has been a real honor to serve six terms.  - Oy vey. ( chatters ) Thank you so much. You gave it one last run, Angelo. I did, didn't I? Yes, sir. Good try, Ange. Thank you. Well, I always say, what is meant to be is meant to be. In this case, it was meant to be that I suck enough votes away from that squirrel Chema to finish the son of a bitch. ( chuckles ) And although we gave it our best shot, Terence Zaleski did just a little bit better. Yeah, all those chickenshit votes, Pete. Look at you now. Chema :  A few moments ago, I called Terence Zaleski to congratulate him. Yeah? Okay, Fourth and Eighth Wards are coming in now, so this should be better, right? Chema :  We ran a good campaign. All right. Yeah, no. I got it, thanks. ( phone beeps ) Hey! It's really close, Nick. It's gonna be a few votes either way. He doesn't care. What wards do you got? You got Fourth and Eighth? Yeah, complete. Okay, let me-- I'm gonna call you back. Yeah, 'cause in my head, even after the Fourth and Eighth Wards come in, I'm still down like 40 votes, right? f*ck, 40 votes. sh1t. Okay. So maybe I'm about to get knocked off from my own council seat by some fool that works for the Department of Public Works and is running for office for the first time in his life. That's not such a good night.  ( channel changes ) Zaleski :  Thank you all. Thank you, Jim. Michael :  Zaleski looks happy. For the first time in 50 years, we have a strong mayor. ( cheering, applause ) ( laughs ) This should have been you, Nicky. The only reason he's mayor is because you stepped aside for the good of the party. Oh, yeah, Ma, is that why? Zaleski :  Vinni Restiano! Is that why I did it, for the good of the party? ( laughs ) I mean, here-- here I am, waiting for the last returns to carry my own home district. What makes me think I could've beat Zaleski or any of these guys? 40 votes is nothing, Nick. You can make that up. Mike's right, the absentee ballots are gonna favor you. Yeah, right. Okay. Let's go salvage "whatsever" left, all right? Deputy mayor at least. I can lick Zaleski's shoes for the next four years. Come on, let's go.  ( music playing ) ( chatter ) There he is. Nick! Hey. I am back! They put me out to pasture, but I found my way back to the f*ckin' barn! I'm really glad for you, Vinni. Oh, sh1t! The last time I checked, you were up a few hundred votes-- No, I'm down a few dozen now, so it's gonna come down to a recount, but... maybe the absentee ballots. Absentees will favor you, Nicky. You know this. Nay, honey, do not let him get down. I won't. You know, he'll squeeze this one out. We will. Don't worry. Congrats, Vinni. Thanks. I just-- Donny! Man :  Come on, Angela. You ready to vote? The reason is my message of reform. Terry, hey. And I think... the voters responded to that. ( laughter ) Man #2 :  Only six! Woman on TV :  ...votes counted. Terry Zaleski, a state assemblyman who is certainly not as well-known as his two main opponents, appears to be the new mayor of Yonkers, having captured 30% of the vote. Man on TV :  One of his opponents, Angelo Martinelli... Mr. Mayor. Mr. New York Times. You're still a tough man to track down, even on election night. Got a smoke? It's my last one. What do you still want from me? I'm not even on the ballot tonight. Pete Chema saw to that. Mm. Yeah, he did. And Zaleski sought to beat Chema, didn't he? Do you see tonight as a repudiation of your anti-housing position to have Zaleski and the Democrats win? What repudiation? You fought the housing, you lost. The guys willing to build the housing have won. Care to comment, Mr. Mayor? ( pen clicks ) Verna, can you find the remote, see if the game's still on? ( TV report continues ) ( chuckles ) ( sighs ) I don't care what anyone says, Hank. I'm gonna miss having you around. Woman on TV :  Let's go back to the council races for a second. Were one of the reasons... Hi, Phil. Hi. Hi, La Toya. I just want to know-- are you estranged from all the members of your family, or are you friends...  ( lock clicks ) with any of the members of your family? La Toya :  She asked earlier do we get along. We get along very well with the members of my family. However, at the moment, I haven't spoken... Hey. Hey. Any word from the Board of Elections? Nope, nothing. Not even a rumor. And Zaleski hasn't called me yet either. No "thank you for your support," or "couldn't have done it without you" or "hang in there" or "go f*ck yourself," nothing. Well, anybody else call today? Yeah, a couple people. But how about that f*ckin' Zaleski? I sacrifice for the guy and he can't even pick up the phone. I mean, come on. Where was the count last night? Is that still where we are? Every count's a roller coaster. I'm up 30, and then I'm down 40, and I'm up two. They haven't counted the absentee ballots yet, though. As long as they're still counting. No, I blew it, Nay. I'm not gonna pull this one out, and you know the rule-- you lose twice in a row, you're done. You can't run again without looking like an idiot. Nobody will take you seriously. You haven't lost. That is not true, okay? It's gonna work out. ( scoffs ) My own f*cking council district. What a embarrassment. ( scoffs ) Jesus Christ, Nick, get it together, please. They're still counting votes. And that I will faithfully discharge the duties of the office of council member, District 2. According to the city charter and to the best of my ability. According to the city charter and to the best of my ability. For and in the City of Yonkers. For and in the City of Yonkers. Congratulations, Councilman. Thank you. Better late than never. Thank you, Aloysius. All you have to do now is sign the book. Yeah. Congrats, Mr. Minority Leader. Thank you, Mr. Majority Leader. 26 votes, 26,000-- a win's still a win. Yeah, well... you know, I had this calculated to a seven-vote win or six if the old man on Linden Street got sick and stayed home again. So 26 votes is a landslide. To tell you the truth, you fooled me, Nick. I thought you'd run for mayor. Hell, John, maybe I fooled myself.  ( door opens ) All right.  ( door closes ) ( chatter ) ( women clearing throats ) Welcome, Mrs. Dorman. Please, have a seat. Consider the watering hole on the African veld where all the great herds gather-- the zebra, the giraffe, the gnu, the wildebeest-- and the predators that prey upon them-- the lion, the cheetah. Imagine for one moment that there's a race to that water. It's been a long, hot summer. Doreen : Ain't enough I'm in Schlobohm... Go on. Why the hell am I doing this? You always want to be taking? When are you gonna start giving back? Let me put it another way. Why don't you sign that before I come over there and bang you in the side of your hard head? All right. Uh-huh. Mary : What do you think about us going to the projects? You-- wait, do you think it's safe for us? Oh, forget about it. I grew up in public housing on Martin Ray Place, over where the senior living is now. Well, it was army barracks, really, for the veterans coming back from the war. Of course, back then, we took care of our apartments. We didn't trash the buildings. We were white. You know, you like metaphor and simile... Thank you. ...and you're partial to parable, too. And allegory. Don't forget allegory. ( chuckles ) What are you trying to give them with all those stories? Stuff they can give to their residents. The mysteries of life, keys to the universe. Special weapons that they can believe they possess that will keep them confident. Really? Yeah. And what are the keys to the universe? I have no idea. Do you? But before we're done, they'll believe they have a few of them. And isn't that the point? Do you think that we could get started? Well, I guess no one else is coming, so I think we can get started. This being my first meeting as tenant representative, I wanted to talk about my idea for a resident-run day care center here at Schlobohm. I think it could really-- Yes? They still ain't fixed my closet door in Building Two. I been calling and calling and calling up housing, but ain't nothing ever gets fixed. And now the drain in my tub don't work.  It backs up and takes hours before it let the water out.  Now what I'm supposed to do about that when they don't never come round? Um... 
 
  ( police radio chatter ) ( tires screech ) Man :  All right, gentlemen. What do you want me to do with that vest? Man #2 :  Leave it for now. ( sirens wailing ) Sir, I'm gonna have to ask you to stand behind the tape. I'm a councilman. I-- Man :  It's all right, Jerry. He's all right. Let him through. Hey, Pete. Mr. Mayor. Not anymore. At least one of us made rank, though, right? What the hell happened? Pipe bomb. Watchman found it on his rounds. Jesus. Bit of a clusterfuck right now. I see Pete Smith. Okay. Okay, thanks. All right. Pete! Hey, Nick. How you doin'? Probably better than you. What the hell they do to our houses? ( mutters ) Look at this. They put the bomb on the windowsill here. They destroyed the bathroom. Wow. They shattered the tiles. But it could have been worse. Look at this, right here. That's a gas pipe. That goes straight into the meter. It's not hooked up yet, or God knows, you know? ( sighs ) These f*cking people. Yeah.  ( helicopter blades whirring ) I thought this housing sh1t was over. ( scoffs ) These bastards just don't quit. Okay. All right.  ( music playing ) ( distant chatter ) ♪ I'll open the door if you come into my life ♪ 
♪ boy, I adore you and I will treat you right ♪ Where the f*ck you been? ( laughs ) Where the f*ck I've been?  ( bottle opens ) I've been at work, working two f*cking jobs. That's where the f*ck I've been. It's midnight. You all f*cked up like that at work? Huh? I'm not taking this sh1t no more, John. I had it. I'm going. Where the f*ck you gonna go? Away from you and your sh1t! Yeah, go ahead, leave, then. Baby stays here with me, bitch. Yeah? What, you gonna take him to work? Look, don't worry what I'm gonna do with my son. ( scoffs ) I thought you was leaving. ( men shouting, laughing ) I can't take this sh1t every night. ( tsks ) I just want things to be right, the way they're supposed to be, for the baby, you, me, not all this. I'm here, all alone with this baby all day and all night. - I was just hangin' with Rico and them after work. It ain't no big thing. ♪ come into my life ♪ 
♪ boy, I adore you, boy, I adore you... ♪ Look, I'm sorry. I'm gonna do better. You'll see. Come on, baby girl.  ♪ and I'll show you... ♪ Yo. ♪ sweet, mellow days ♪ 
♪ that you want and need ♪ 
♪ because I... ♪ Let's make us a baby. ( scoffs ) Another? Yeah, you lost your f*ckin' mind. ( laughs ) Come on. Boy, you crazy? We ain't had us a little girl. This is our answer to the pipe bombs-- politics, everything thrown at us during this project. I only hope people still wanna live in these houses. Oh, they do. Hmm. And they will.  ( music blaring ) ( dog barking ) ( music playing ) Mama? ( distant siren wailing ) Who's there? Pat :  Who the hell you think it is? It's me, with the groceries, Norma. Did they have okra? I didn't forget the okra, and I brought the mail, too, and something from housing they put under the door. Oh, you reading my mail, now? You can't see it to read it. I can see well enough. Then read. ( TV playing in background ) I'm gonna read it later. They wanna know if people are interested in moving into the new townhouses. 142 units of public housing will be completed sometime near the end of this year. It says tenants will be selected on the basis of an open lottery. A lottery? Tenants who are interested should indicate by filling out the form below. Well, I ain't going in on no lottery. I may play the number, but... No, I'm fine just where I am. You can barely see, Norma, and it's just not safe around here. And with your situation, you probably won't need no lottery. I bet you could just go and talk to somebody downtown. Is this awkward for you? I mean, I called because I thought there were some things we could work on together going forward. No, no, no, no. I'm happy to help any way I can. What's on your mind, Mr. Mayor? I'll cut right to the chase. We want John Zakian out of the Parking Authority. Well, hey, don't I know it. I tried to get rid of him during my term, but I lost that battle in court. Well, it's taken a lot of research, but Andy Maniglia has figured out a way to get around the legal issue by a restructuring. Short version is, we terminate his contract with the IDA, then the Parking Authority board is free to fire him as YPA's director. Zaleski :  But I need to know going in  that I have the votes on the YPA's board. Ah, my brother Michael. And you're close to Nader, too. Who replaces Zakian? Guy by the name of Robert Jean, Bob Jean.  Do you know him? Mm-mm. Professional, not political. This is an act of reform, Nick. Well, you both know that my wife works for the Parking Authority, so if I go after her boss, I need to know that she'll come out all right. Understood. Okay.  Great. Good to see you, Nick. Happy to help. This the second time. He gonna go away for longer now. You don't know that yet. You don't even know what they gonna charge him with. What'd he do exactly? I don't know nothing else, just that the police went to his mother's apartment and told her something about him having a knife and trying to rob some men-- A knife? Look, if you ask me, homeboy's an asshole for going around jacking people like that. I didn't ask you, did I? I'm just saying. No, f*ck you, Meeka. Come on, that's my man. ( sighs ) Where's he at now? Rikers? He got arrested in the county, so they took him up to the county jail in Valhalla. Westchester ain't the city, Meeka. ( sniffles ) They make people jail up there. They give people years and sh1t. ( crying ) ( sighs )  ( music playing ) The mayor came to me. He brought me in. He asked for my help with this. Nay :  So what? Let Zaleski do his own dirty work. So, he's a Democratic mayor, and I'm the veteran Democrat on the council. And he comes to me for help. This is him bringing me in here. This is him finally making good on his promise to make me part of the administration. I can't f*cking believe this. You're gonna try to fire my boss for no reason. Don't do this, Nick. Nay, it's about the bigger picture. If I throw in with Zaleski, I become the go-to guy on the council. I don't know, Nick. You don't know? I don't think it's a good idea. Christ Almighty, what's the matter with you people? ♪ we only run for the money, got no strings attached... ♪ ( boys chattering ) Maria! ( door closes, locks ) What's all this? New pots. Three heavy iron ones, very good quality. A woman at work sells them through a catalogue. No, no, don't open it. They're for the new house, when we get the new house. But what's the point of a pot if you can't cook in it? They're too good for this place. I don't know, I can't explain. They're like us. Roberto :  No. Come on. I'll show you, I'm not cheating. Felipe :  Yes, you are. No, I'm not. Woman on TV : Where are you from? Man on TV : Milwaukee. Woman : Would you help me? Man : Sure. Noted for good beer, women with lovely legs,  and practically no millionaires. ( chuckles ) Hey, Mom. Hey. I'm gonna go to bed, okay? All right, baby girl. Give a kiss. Tasha, let me ask you-- you're all right living here, right? Ma, I don't know. I guess so. Uh, you know, this is what I know. I ain't lived anywhere else. Get some sleep. Well, you're good at it. I've learned who to call about what problems. So what? But to change anything for real? They had a grant program for HUD, and I sent a list of ideas up Central Avenue. We need security here, new doors, fences on the playground for the children. But nothing. sh1t, I wanna do more than write down everybody's complaints about their own apartments and then call them in. I want a neighborhood. You thinking about applying for those new townhouses? Already did.  ( sighs ) Those new townhouses are guaranteed to fail. They built them because they had to, but that don't mean they want them to work. You know what Sadie calls them? Cardboard houses. 'Cause they put them up so fast. Oh, come on. They put them up fast so that they would fall apart fast. And then those white folks could say that we can't take care of nothin'. You gonna get yourself killed over there on the East Side. They do not want us.  ( door closes ) Janet :  Billie. Billie, you home? ( sighs )  ( distant chatter ) Oh, you got your hands full, girl. ( boy babbling ) Janet : Yes. Grandma's here. You gonna fill this out, Billie? Billie. Fill out what? ( sniffs ) You might wanna change that diaper. Baby's eyes are big and brown enough as it is. ( boy babbling ) I don't feel that this is right. I shouldn't be asking for special treatment. You're blind, Norma. I can see more than you think. Mm-hmm. There's him, right there. Where? Stand your blind ass up. Mr. Smith. Hmm? That's me. Heard you had a meeting here today. I'd like to speak with you, please. Sure. Mr. Smith, I'm legally blind and I live here in Building Six. And your name is? Norma O'Neal. And it's not that I'm afraid or that I can't do for myself or anything like that, because I've been living here long enough that... Well, I don't want to make it sound as though I'm asking you for-- Mr. Smith, Schlobohm is no place for a blind woman. Okay. Well, there are handicapped units at each site for those who qualify. Do you require home assistance? Well, that's another thing. It's hard to get home care to come here. But I go every week to the Guild for the Blind. Two years next March. Ms. O'Neal, you have one of those ladies over there at the guild write me a letter saying all of this, and we'll start from there, okay? There you go. How'd I do? Wasn't for me, you'd still be explaining why Schlobohm ain't bad at all, considering. Come on. Mayhawk :  Before we even get to the lottery,  we need to know that whoever is picked for these homes is going to succeed, that they're going to make their way in these neighborhoods. Now that means knowing who these families are, what they're capable of, and what they might need help with. Excuse me, Mr. Mayhawk. Mm-hmm. Will my husband be able to come with me? Mrs. Earl and her daughter have coordinated the appointments. The families know that they're being screened and they know that you're coming. Excuse me, how will we get back and forth? It will be all right, Mary. That'll be all for tonight. Thank you. ( chattering ) Now, how much are they gonna learn about the applicants in one or two visits? Learn about the families? Just a few basics. It's all there's time for at this point. Learn about themselves. Hmm. You know. Hey, so, for starters, we'll go to the sixth floor. - Great. Okay? Okay. You've got it all set up. Absolutely. Fellas, how are you doing? Woman :  As usual. Okay. No, no, you're gonna want the good stairwell. Why is that the good stairwell? It's the one for walking up and down. So what is the bad stairwell for? ( chuckles ) Please. Man :  Yo, all the Spanish girls be active. Man #2 :  Man, that one Spanish girl be something else. ( chattering continues ) Excuse me. Hello.  ( music blaring ) We're going in this apartment here. ( knocking on door ) ♪ we be to rap what key be to lock ♪ 
♪ but I'm cool like that, I'm cool like that... ♪ Hi. Welcome to Schlobohm. For real. Hi, I'm Doreen. Come on in. ♪ we getcha free, 'cause the clips be fat, boss... ♪ That's my son Jaron. Hi, Jaron. Hi. I'm Lucille. I'm Jaron. Nice to meet you. You know, but she's teaching the kid Swedish... ♪ him, that's my man with the asteroid belt ♪ 
♪ they catch a fizz from the Mr. Doodle-big ♪ 
♪ he rocks a tee from the Crooklyn-nine pigs ♪ 
♪ the rebirth of slick like my gangsta stroll ♪ 
♪ the lyrics just like loot, come in stacks and rolls ♪ 
♪ you used to find the Bug in a box with fade ♪ 
♪ now he boogies up your stage, plaits, twists and braids ♪ 
♪ and I'm peace like dat, I'm peace like dat ♪ 
♪ I'm peace like dat, I'm peace like dat ♪ 
♪ I'm peace like dat, I'm peace like dat ♪ ♪  I'm peace like dat, I'm peace... ♪ 
♪ check it out ♪ 
♪ and I groove like dat, I'm smooth like dat ♪ 
♪ I jive like dat, I roll like dat ♪ 
♪ yeah, I'm thick like dat, I stack like dat ♪ 
♪ I'm down like dat, I'm black like dat ♪ 
♪ hey, yo, I funk like dat, I'm phat like dat ♪ 
♪ I'm in like dat 'cause I swing like dat ♪ 
♪ we jazz like dat, we freak like dat ♪ 
♪ we zoom like dat, we out ♪ ( echoes ) Thank you. Nice to meet you. Oh, you, too. Pleasure to meet you. You, too. Thank you. Thank you, Mrs. Dorman. Thank you. Thanks. Lucille : Getting to know some of them...  ( siren wailing ) ( men shouting ) I appreciate you telling us... ( siren wailing ) ( police radio chatter ) Officer :  I said turn around! Turn around! ( police radio chatter ) And what, I carry this asshole's water, I get rid of Zakian just 'cause he asked me to, and then I get the freeze for the next month. No phone calls, no thank yous. I mean, sh1t, I'm supposedly the party leader on the council, and I gotta find out the date of the housing lottery from the f*cking newspaper like I didn't have anything to do with it? And now I got the Republican leader telling me that other council members are invited? I mean, no offense, John, but Jesus on a f*cking cracker. No offense taken. I'd be pissed off, too. This sh1t is no oversight, okay? I've paid more politically for that housing than he'll ever know, but Terry Zaleski wants the credit all to himself. ( woman laughs ) ( sighs ) Today I need a tall f*cking drink. I'll buy. Good, it's about time you pulled out that fat, Republican wallet. ( laughs ) What? "You have been selected for the opportunity to move into the new housing and have been assigned a handicapped apartment." Oh, my God. "Congratulations to you and your family. Very truly yours, Peter Smith." ( laughs ) See what you did with all your meddlin'? Oh, girl. No, no, no, no. You know, you're getting better at it. You just gotta gavel them down sometimes, end the debate. I just get nervous. I'm figuring out the right time to cut him off. Yeah, well, that will come with time, you know? I can give you a nod or a sign. Vinni told me this was a tradition with the two of you. Oh, that's my weak spot, John. ( Restiano laughs ) So what are we gonna do about this asshole? Zaleski? No, "Mu-hammar Ca-doofie." ( Restiano laughs ) Yeah, f*ckin' Zaleski. Hey, you guys campaigned with him. Oh, come on, John. What were we gonna do? He was the Democratic nominee. I mean this guy actually believes he is the only honest man left and that corruption is everywhere. I know. - And that Yonkers is Gomorrah-on-Hudson. It's all this "investigate this, investigate that." It's all this star chamber sh1t. You know he actually put up a room in City Hall with a two-way mirror so he can watch Andy Maniglia's people interrogate city workers? It's true. It's on the first floor. Yeah. Hey, Kath. Huh? What do the girls in the office call Zaleski? ( chuckles ) Eliot Ness. ( John laughs ) "Mr. Untouchable." Yeah. Well, he did run as a reform. You know what? We all run on whatever. But if you get in, you have to f*cking govern. Hear, hear. Yeah. To four more years of f*ckin' Terry Zaleski. Restiano :  God. Hear, hear. ( retches ) We have a decimate-- designated driver. Ooh! Whoo! I know. I can drive. I'm all right. I'm-- I'm feeling very good. You know what? You don't even need a car. You can just flap your wings and fly south. ( squawks ) ( laughs ) Oh! Whoa, you can't even stand. Come on. It's all right. What? I'm standing. What do you mean? I'm standing here. I'm standing here! ( chuckles ) Mmm. Oh. John's right. ( sighs ) I should have run for mayor. I could have beat this guy, Vin. I could have... So you do it in four years. But, Nick, you can't take it personally. What? You can't confuse votes with love. They're not the same thing. They're not? John : Called you a cab, Nicky. It's on its way. ( laughs ) I am all right. I'm gonna drive. Yeah? Feeling fine. Yeah, it's very close. Thank you for the Sambuca. Be safe.  Arrivederci,  Vin. Good night. ( car beeping ) Oof. ( grunts ) ( engine starts ) Smith :  Welcome. I'm Pete Smith. ( cheering, applause ) I'm the director of the Yonkers Municipal Housing Authority. Now, first off, just a reminder, once your name is selected, go to the front lobby and pick up your packet of information. Now, I know there's a lot of anxious folks here, so let's just get started right away. ( crowd cheering ) Number one... ...is Delphina Paige.  That's me! ( cheering ) Delphina-- there she is! That's us! Come on! Oh, wow. Oh, they called us. Smith :  Congratulations, Delphina! That's us. Let's go! Ow, wow.  ( Smith laughs ) Man :  Whoo! Smith :  Number two... Barbara Johnson. ( cheering ) Smith :  Number 29, Doreen Henderson. ( woman shouts ) Woman : I don't really think she knew what she was getting into, though. ( chattering ) Smith :  Number 30... Kelly Collins. I'm gonna be so happy! ( cheering, applause ) Smith :  Number 31... Geraldine Cardwell! ( cheering, applause ) ( squeals ) Yes! Woman :  Oh! ( laughs ) Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on! Smith :  Number 32, Donna Jackson. ( cheering, applause ) Woman : Oh, my gosh! I can't believe it! Bye! Smith :  Number 33, Jacqueline Perkins. ( women squealing ) Smith :  Number 62, Dama Montero. ( squealing, laughing ) ( chattering ) You're the next one, my love. You're the next one. Smith :  Number 63... Billie Rowan. Billie Rowan. ( applause ) Smith :  Number 64... Shaniqua Martin! ( woman screams ) Smith :  Number 65, Denise Morales. ( gasps ) That's us! ( chattering ) Congratulations. Women : Thank you. Smith :  Number 66... Desireé Harris. ( women squealing ) Woman : . Oh, my goodness! ( women chattering ) Woman :  We got it! That's us! Woman #2 :  Praise God! Smith :  Number 67, Sheila Davis. ( women whooping ) Smith :  Number 68... Sloan Plaxton. ( whispers ) Oh, God. Smith :  Okay, the first 71 names of current residents have been chosen. The next names we pick will be on the waiting list. ( crowd groaning, murmuring ) Well, what can we do? Smith :  Number 72, Keesha Thompson. We'll get a house just like Tia Dama. You'll see.  My love. Number 73, Aurora Perez. ( applause ) Number 134, Carmen Febles. They picked us. They picked our name! Yes! Okay. Okay. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Smith :  Number 135, Rosalyn Quill. Number 136, Catherine Hickson. ( chatter ) Woman : Wait! ( excited chatter ) ( bus hisses )  ( engine turns off ) ( bus door opens ) ( laughs ) Oh! Hi, how are you doing? ( chattering ) Here we are. Oh, my gosh! I don't believe it! This is gonna be a nightmare. What? Woman #2 :  A new beginning. - Well, as we said, we're dreaming. ( women laugh ) ( excited chatter ) Woman #3 : My grandmother would love to see this. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 