Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - 98 Seconds - Colony 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - 98 Seconds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=525&t=24956 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/29/16 07:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - 98 Seconds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Colony... 
 You want my help? We want our son back. 
 You help me, I help you. 
 We need to know how close they are. 
 There's a woman running a unit, ex-CIA, if I had to guess. 
 They caught the bastards and put the bomb on a truck. 
 I'm gonna use him, work my way up the food chain, find Geronimo, and then we get Charlie back. 
 Why can't I go to school anymore? 
 Because the government is giving us a tutor. 
 So that's gonna be your new teacher. 
 Geronimo needs every soldier loyal to the cause ready and willing to fight. 
 You have contact with him? 
 We're close to executing an operation that will give us a fighting chance to end the occupation itself. 
 My fellow colonists, welcome to day 341 of our occupation. This morning I want to talk to you about an ordinary man, a family man. His name is Tom, and he works the loading dock in Ward Six, graveyard shift. Tom's wife was killed during the arrival, and now he lives with his 12-year-old daughter, Fiona, in a house shared with four other families. But Fiona made a mistake. She blamed the raps for her mother's death during lunch at school, and one of the teachers overheard her. And even though she was just telling the truth, she was expelled. Now... Fiona's friends are afraid to talk to her. She spends her days alone in the house. 
 Tom watches his little girl withdraw deeper and deeper into her shell. 
 She misses her friends. 
 She misses her mother. This breaks Tom's heart. But we all face hardships in this new reality, don't we? 
 What matters is what we do with our frustration, how we turn our anger and sorrow into action. 
 [Device beeping] 
 Triangulating. Less than 3 kilometers. 
 So, last Tuesday night, Tom left for work at the usual time. That night, as Tom was loading another truck with the tools of the occupation, he decided to add his own special package. 
 An hour later, Tom's package exploded inside the Santa Monica Gateway. His timing was perfect. The bomb destroyed a military convoy that was about to move into our Block. The collaborators got a taste of their own medicine. 
 Tom is a genuine American hero. And imagine if he wasn't just one in a million,  but one  of  a million. 
 Turn left up there. 
 [Device beeping] 
 What if we all found the courage to push back? 
 Don't wait until your daughter gets thrown out of school or your wife gets sent to the factory. 
 The history of free men is not written by chance. It is by choice. And our choice is clear, my friends-- resist or die. 
 [Device beeping rapidly] 
 I am Geronimo. You are Geronimo. We are Geronimo. 
 It's clear. Go, go. 
 Go, go, go! 
 All right, we're in! 
 [Indistinct chatter over radio] 
 All set, 347. 
 Do you need backup? Can you confirm? 
 Negative. Target not acquired. 
 [Dramatic music] 
 [Dog barking in the distance] 
 Everyone has a first time. 
 I know. 
 Mine was named Giovanni. 
 He was 19, a student from Naples. 
 I was 22-- late bloomer. 
 There's nothing wrong with waiting for the right one. 
 [Scoffs] Right one? 
 He didn't even speak English, but the accent was hot. 
 I was so scared. 
 I was so nervous I wasn't gonna do it right. 
 He's Italian, so he was an old pro. 
 Took me through it, and wouldn't you know, I survived. 
 We're still talking about s*x, right? 
 You're surrounded by people who know what they're doing. 
 Just relax, follow our lead. You'll get through it. 
 Copy that. Keep me posted. 
 All set. 
 Hey, Justin. 
 [Gun cocks] 
 Ever shot one of these? 
 Only at the range. 
 Hopefully you won't need it, but if you do, it's point and click. 
 Okay. 
 Listen up. 
 Target is en route. 
 We are a go. 
 Hey, you'll be great. 
 Yeah. 
 [Tires screeching] 
 sh1t! 
 Pull him out of there. 
 Oh, what the hell, man? 
 Don't move! 
 Freeze! 
 Don't move! 
 Get down! Now! 
 Stay down. 
 What's your call sign? 
 Transpo, Unit 16. 
 Mayday! Mayday! TU 16, hijack in progress! 
 Request immediate assistance, Magnolia and 7th! 
 Clock one. 
 All units, all units, hijacking in progress... 
 [Beep] 
 Clock two. 
 Hey, we're getting an audience. 
 Hey, man, let us in on this. 
 We'll help you out, you help us out. 
 We don't need help. Get off the street. 
 You really gonna shoot me? 
 If you touch the truck, yeah. 
 Okay, ready? Let's go! Go, go, go! 
 Down! Get down! 
 [Gasping] 
 Let's go. 
 Okay. It's okay. It's okay. 
 We're gonna get you help, okay? Here... 
 You're okay. 
 He's bleeding everywhere. I don't know what to do. 
 We can't move him. 
 Oh, my God, we can't leave him! 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 It's gonna be okay. It's okay, Justin. 
 Katie, move! 
 That's enough. He's gone. 
 [Alarm blares] 
 Drones incoming! 
 Come on. 
 Pull out! 
 We got to get out of here! 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 [Drones whirring overhead] 
 Stop clock two. 
 [Device beeps] 
 98 seconds. 
 [Alarm blares] 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 Leave it! Leave it! 
 [Sirens approaching] 
 Stop clock one. 
 [Device beeps] 
 [Sirens stop, car door closes] 
 [Indistinct chatter over police radio] 
 We're out. 
 [Children laughing] 
 [Children chattering indistinctly] 
 Kids? 
 Kids? You need to clean up before you can play. 
 Okay. 
 [Door opens, closes] 
 Hi, Mrs. Bowman. Gracie and I were just working-- 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 Are you okay? 
 I'm fine. Thank you. I'm just gonna take a shower. 
 [Footsteps climbing stairs] 
 Katie! 
 Katie! 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 No. 
 You in here? 
 Hey. 
 Okay. 
 [Door closes] 
 All right. 
 [Sobbing] 
 Okay. 
 [Door opens] 
 So... 
 That was kind of weird. [Chuckles] 
 [Laughs] 
 To be clear, I'm not complaining. 
 Babe... 
 Hey. Hey. 
 Hey, what's-- 
 Katie. 
 Katie, come on. 
 [School bell rings] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 You want to get lunch? 
 I can't. 
 You got someone better? 
 I'm not blowing you off. 
 I just have some family stuff I have to handle. 
 Catch up later? 
 Hey. 
 Shut the door. 
 Nice. 
 Thank you. 
 You see the launch the other night? 
 Yeah. 
 It was different, though, wasn't it? 
 The noise. 
 That's very perceptive. 
 What do you think it was? 
 Whatever it is, it is way beyond our comprehension, like, uh, if you were to show a jet engine to somebody at the turn of the century. 
 But the bigger mystery is, what exactly is happening up there? 
 What do you mean? 
 The last three nights, I've been monitoring the skies, and... 
 I saw something up there. 
 It's in the Earth's low orbit-- something huge. 
 Like, it blocked out Polaris for a minute. 
 Then it disappeared. 
 You have a telescope? 
 I got a-- I got a small one... but I'm working on a bigger one. 
 [Scoffs] 
 [Indistinct chatter over radio] 
 [Sighs] Damn. 
 Don't mess with the drones. 
 Now, this truck was headed to the Green Zone. 
 [Indistinct chatter continues] 
 Four dead redhats-- it wasn't a food riot. 
 All right, so what's your theory? 
 Resistance group managed to stop the truck, hold up the driver-- so far, so good. 
 Then they lose control of the situation. 
 Maybe someone starts popping off shots when they shouldn't have. 
 Public joins in, looting starts, turns into a free-for-all. 
 We got all these bodies out here. 
 Did the cell carry away their dead? 
 That's a very good question. 
 This guy right here. 
 Looks like somebody tried to help him before he bled out, then they executed him. 
 No ID tags-- like somebody didn't want him telling any stories. 
 What do you think? 
 Well... 
 I think you better go talk to the boss lady. 
 [Indistinct chatter continues] 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 Whoever did this left a body behind. 
 Looks like they executed him. 
 Get a photo of the face. I'll track it down. 
 This wasn't neighborhood looters. 
 This was a planned op that went bad. 
 I agree. 
 Homeland found this before you arrived. 
 Geronimo. 
 Hold still. Hold still. 
 Come on. 
 Please! [Sobbing] 
 Stop talking. 
 But we didn't do anything. 
 You're gonna be all right. 
 I swear. 
 Do you have to come in like storm troopers? 
 The parents are out front. Did you try talking to 'em? 
 Look for photos and anything handwritten. 
 You have a teenager, right? 
 What kid reads Joseph Conrad? 
 [Mattress rips] 
 Ma'am? 
 Wow. p0rn in a teenager's room-- looks like you've cracked the case. 
 What's that? 
 A cipher. 
 We found a couple of these before. 
 We think it's how they communicate. 
 So what's it say? 
 It says you were right about the kid. 
 Nothing to see, people. 
 The parents didn't do anything. 
 They harbored a terrorist. 
 They lost their son today. We don't have to send them away. 
 Justin Kim participated in a criminal act that resulted in the deaths of 22 people, including four members of Homeland Security. 
 They had families too. 
 Sending innocent people to the factory is not gonna change that. 
 You see everybody watching? 
 They'll think twice before getting involved and putting their families at risk. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 The Occupation beat me to Kim's parents' place. 
 [Sighs] 
 How did they get there so fast? 
 They found people who know what they're doing. 
 [Sighs] Well, we need to look at today as a win. 
 We got the intel we needed. 
 Now, did Kim have anything that could've lead them back to us? 
 He was a good soldier. He knew protocol. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 But you don't know for sure? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Dog barking in the distance] 
 You're home. 
 I wanted to check on you. 
 Thanks. I'm fine, but... thank you. 
 So what was all that about this morning? 
 I was prepping the Yonk, and I... 
 I found, um... 
 Oh, his-- his home-run ball, the-- the one he signed. 
 [Sighs] 
 Three-run walk-off. [Chuckles] 
 Yeah, the three run walk-off. 
 What a day. 
 [Laughs] 
 [Whispering] I never know when it's gonna end. 
 I'm sorry I complained when you took this job. 
 That was selfish. 
 Oh, come on. 
 Neither of us wanted this. 
 There was this kid today-- maybe 20... killed in an attempted robbery... for food. 
 So we search his house. 
 As soon as we found evidence linking him to the Resistance... redhats came in, drug his parents away. 
 They lose their kid... and then they go to The Factory, just like that. 
 I'm responsible for that... 
 All so we can get our son back. 
 Whatever you're going through... we're going through together. 
 You can tell me anything. 
 Just talk to me. 
 [Sniffles] 
 I love you. 
 [Sniffles] 
 I love you too. 
 
 
 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Hey. Thanks for coming. 
 [Whispering] What happened today? 
 It was terrible, I know. 
 I went home to my kids, and... and I didn't know, but I had blood all over me. 
 [Voice breaking] And I kept seeing everything, and-- and I could hear it, and I could smell it, and it took hours for my hands to stop shaking. 
 Same thing happened to me. 
 Dreams are gonna be bad too, but you'll get used to it. 
 I don't want to get used to it. 
 Come on, there's someone else who wants to talk to you. 
 Sit with me. 
 No. 
 I've been involved in a lot of operations. 
 That one didn't go well. 
 "Didn't go well"? 
 Is that how you explain what you did to Justin? 
 Please, sit. 
 I did what had to be done. 
 No one gets taken. No one gets tortured. 
 If I'm ever in the same situation, I hope you'd do the same for me. 
 There's nothing pretty or romantic about armed conflict. 
 I understand what you're going through, but I need you to try and focus. 
 Your man just hit Justin's house. 
 I know. 
 You know? 
 He told me. 
 What else did he tell you? 
 They arrested Justin's parents. 
 Did they give up anything? They take anything? 
 What'd they take from the house? 
 I don't know! 
 I need you to go back to him and find out. 
 I can't. I can't. 
 No. 
 You have to, Katie. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Excuse me, ma'am. 
 Want it in the back? 
 Straight back, last door on the left. 
 Got ya. 
 [Sighs] 
 What? 
 It's your place, not mine. 
 Oh, come on, I can handle it. 
 Thanks. 
 Thank you. 
 [Chuckling] That thing's got to go. 
 Larry? 
 First, there are no moose south of the Mason-Dixon line. 
 Second, it makes the place look like a VFW hall. 
 Okay, I hear you. 
 Where's all this stuff from, anyway? 
 The beer's from San Francisco. 
 Oh. Guess they're still around. 
 And brewing beer, and that's not bad. 
 I guess Kentucky is still in business. 
 Cheers. 
 Cheers. 
 Mm. 
 Mm. 
 Ooh. 
 Whoo. 
 All right. 
 You and Will seem good. 
 Oh, it's a small house. 
 [Laughing] 
 I'm sorry. 
 [Laughing] It's okay. I'm glad you're happy. 
 [Both laughing] 
 [Clears throat] What about you? 
 You, uh-- you thinking about anything like that yet? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 No. No, it's too soon. 
 I think I'll have another. [Chuckles] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 What's wrong? 
 Hey, do you have your bike? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay, I need you to follow me. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 Oh, God. 
 You have keys for that? 
 My dad was DWP. 
 He had keys for everything. 
 The raps must not have known about it, or it was too deep. 
 What are you doing? 
 Trusting you. 
 Come on. 
 [Laughs] Dad totally busted you. 
 I have no memory of this. I've nev-- 
 Mrs. Bowman? 
 Where are the kids? 
 They're eating. 
 It's very quiet. 
 Peace of environment is peace of mind. 
 Right. 
 Thank you for today. 
 Yes, we're good. You can go. 
 Is everything okay, Mrs. Bowman? 
 Uh, what do you mean? 
 You looked upset this morning, like some terrible had happened. 
 [Water running] 
 Not sure what you're talking about. 
 Everything's fine. 
 I want you to know that your home is a sacred place and your privacy is important to me. 
 Whatever I see and hear will remain inside these walls. 
 Thank you. That's-- that's very good to know. 
 I'll see you tomorrow. 
 [Dog barking in the distance] 
 Uh, is it just me, or is she-- 
 Completely bonkers? 
 [Laughs] 
 The kids seem to love her. 
 They do. 
 [Wall groaning] 
 What's that noise? 
 It's the wall, up above us. 
 Come on. 
 - Who is this guy? 
 My friend. 
 Are you crazy? 
 Who else would I bring? Bram, this is my cousin Pedro. What happened? I fell is what happened. Stupid-ass ladder was wet. [Groans] Oh, my God. [Wincing]  My foot. What's out there? The rest of the world. Homeland, LA Block, how can I help you? She's still in there? Man, she disappears for hours when she's on the rolodex. The rolodex? Our database. Justin Albert Kim-- he lasted three weeks in boot camp in Coronado before he broke his leg and medical-ed out. I've been able to flag several locations of interest. This might be nothing, but we need to follow the string until it's cut. Oh. He liked swimming and drift racing and old-school video games. Where does all this come from? Well, the great mystery of the universe, Will, isn't where we come from, but where we're going. I need you to go to these locations to see if you can follow him upstream into the cell. You two hit the community center. I'll take a Homeland breach team and go to the auto-parts place. Keep in touch by radio. See? Good work leads to more work. [Chuckles] The data on the rolodex-- is it new? No, it's from before. Who's tech is it, the raps? Uh, I don't know. You ever seen one? Snyder has, or so he says. You think Phyllis has ever seen one? Seen one? She might be one. [Lock breaks] [Suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Man... I miss sports so much, I could watch reruns of synchronized swimming. [Chuckles] We're in the right place. Huh. Look at this-- sound proofing. For what? Shooting drills. [Gunshots] This is Dagger 2-1! We're under hostile fire! We need Homeland QRT on this location now! What are you doing? Will! Son of a bitch. Are you all right? Fine. I survived 30 years on the job 'cause I didn't run  at  bullets! Good note. What do you got? Look at this. [Whistles] Yeah. Ain't that a peach? Finally, we're home. How long have you been going there? Six months. Our rations weren't enough to get by. My dad's gone, and my mom-- well, she can't work, so my cousin and I started liberating stuff from the other side. What about all the people? There are no people. It's-- it's totally empty. Half our armament... gone. I mean, I thought it would take a year for the counterinsurgency to get to this level. We need to shut him down. We've never had anyone this deep inside before. And you just want to cut that off? [Sighs] All right... Tell Katie the math here is simple. Her intel needs to outweigh the damage that her husband is doing to us. [Exhales deeply] Jesus, you scared me. I got a million things to do before-- I need you to hear this. Will's team hit our armory, took half our weapons. Was there-- Shooting? Yes. No casualties. How did they find it? I don't know. But if Will had gotten there a few hours earlier, he would've walked in on the whole cell. Listen to me. Will can be one of two things to us-- an asset or a hazard. With you on board, he's an asset, but if you're not... No. No, no, no-- Don't act surprised, Katie. Will put himself in danger the moment he signed up for that job, same as you. I never wanted it to get here. But if you can't provide more actionable intel, then Will needs to get a lot worse at his job. [Upbeat music playing, indistinct chatter] How's everybody doing? Cheers! Beer? Here it is. Here it is. This one's on the house. You can pay for the beer. Ready? One, two, three. Oh, oh, really? You want another one? Yep. Here you go. That's for you. One more of those-- you got it. One more of those. Thank you very much. Cheers! Uh-huh, I'll get at this. Thanks, guys. I'm gonna need you to re-tap that-- Hey. Well, you made it after all. You think I'd miss the opportunity to drink publicly for the first time in 11 months? What'll you have? Oh, give me a brew. All right. Oh, and this must be the lovely wife, or maybe you rented a supermodel for the occasion. He is just like you said-- full of sh1t. [Will laughs] I like her. I like her. Man, it's crowded in here. Yeah, it's gonna be until curfew. I don't know. I feel like I might need some bouncers, unless you think me and my guns have got it covered. Oh, you look like you're up for the task. ♪ ♪ Good evening, everybody! [Music stops] Welcome to he Yoknapatawpha! I practiced that all morning, which is why it will always be the yonk to me. I wanted to personally stop in and say how proud we are to have the Yonk back open and contributing to the community once again. This institution is another strong example of the progress that we are making in the Los Angeles Block, as law and order are restored. Rest assured, this place is critical in the transitional authority's long-term plans, so we will have our eyes close on it to assure that everything moves ahead as smoothly as possible. To the Yonk... and ten more years of beer, bourbon, and success. [All murmuring] [Quietly] Cheers. Alan Snyder, nice to meet you. [Blues music playing] Nice to meet you. As promised. What do you think? I told you people would do pretty much anything for a drink, huh? Just part of what makes us human. Can I ask you something? Sure. What's that? What's your stake in all this? In my world, there are a lot of competing theories on governance. I believe that the softer hand is more effective. No one can change our present situation, it's immovable, so instead, everyone needs to try to appreciate the good things. The city is cleaner and safer than it's ever been. There's no worry of terrorism or unemployment. You can even catch a bus and go from anywhere to anywhere in 20 minutes. ♪ ♪ Bringing back places like this is one of the ways we give everyone something to put their energy into. That's good for me. It's good for you. It's good for everybody. So cheers. Good luck. ♪ ♪ Great. ♪ ♪ All right, what are you having? You good? Beer. Hey. [Exhales deeply] Why are you hiding back here? [Exhales deeply] You were right, Will. We sold out. I miss Charlie so much, I can barely breathe, but there's-- there's got to be another way, something that doesn't have us working for Snyder. Where's all this coming from? What happened? I thought we agreed. We rationalized, but we can't trust him. We sold our souls, and we may never get anything in return. Yes, we will. Listen, you saw the power of your new ID. [Whispering] Maybe we use that, and we all sneak into Santa Monica together, the whole family. And if it doesn't work? All of us go to The Factory. Then maybe Sirak has new connections. We've tried that! We've tried everything! Look, it's killing me working for these bastards, but Snyder likes me, and I'm learning things-- things that can help us. They got all kinds of information from before the arrival. My boss is a mastermind at putting it together. Listen to me! [Grunts] [Whispering] If I can figure out how it works... then we can use it. Can you use it to find our son? Yes! Yes. But that's only step one. You have to trust me, okay? I know what I'm doing. [Indistinct chatter] [Blues music playing] I've been thinking about that safe house we hit. What about it? Jennifer was awful quick to jump on that other location. Still on that leak, huh? Maybe somebody talked, but for damn sure, it wasn't Jennifer. How do you know that? You and me-- we're realists. For guys like us, this job's just a means to an end, but Jennifer-- she's a true believer, my friend. [Chuckles] You were LAPD? San Fran. When I retired from the job-- and my second wife-- bought myself a nice little place up in Big Bear, cozy little cabin. Thought about that place for 30 years, clearing cases up north. Finally, I built myself a house. I cut every board, drove every nail, lived there for five years. One day the dishwasher breaks, needs a new o-ring. Closest place that had one in stock was down in Los Angeles, so I figured I'd make a day of it-- come down, have some tacos. [Laughs] Then... The arrival. Hell, yeah. So you're saying you're stuck here working for the Occupation... because of your dishwasher. Make sure they put that on my tombstone. ♪ ♪ Is that on the house? No. A dollar barely used to be enough for the jukebox in here. I could get used to these prices. I know how they got to Justin and the armory so quickly. They have this huge database of information, and, more importantly, they have a woman who knows how to manipulate it. Who is she? First I want to make a deal. My husband is never harmed, ever. You have my word. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 