Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - Seppuku - Colony 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - Seppuku https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=525&t=41380 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/02/21 13:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - Seppuku 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Colony"... 
 Rise, Maddie Kenner, and receive your welcome into the Greatest Day. 
 Holy sh1t, it worked. 
 You can do something with the gauntlet? 
 We have someone who understands the alien interface. 
 Who took it? A group called the Red Hand. 
 Bram Bowman. 
 Thank you for your service in the war. 
 An attack on the Green Zone. 
 It was a massacre. 
 The Red Hand are your friends? 
 Everything that we built was just set on fire. 
 Can we trust Alcala to respond appropriately? 
 Of course not. Which means that we need leverage. 
 I might know a way inside. 
 The suit just arrived. 
 Yeah, I heard. 
 You boys get your story buttoned up? 
 Actually, I was thinking on telling them what really happened. 
 And why would you go and do something like that? 
 You ever stop and wonder how we got here? 
 We got here because we took the money. 
 There ain't nothing wrong with that. 
 I didn't go private for a paycheck. 
 Just couldn't remember why I signed up anymore. 
 So now you want to go to an Iraqi prison because some dumb-ass on your team got trigger-happy? 
 Good game. 
 B. 
 Don't talk to that suit until you get your head right. 
 Damn. 
 Do you ever miss? 
 Nope. 
 You're Eric Broussard? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm here for your incident report. 
 Sign here. 
 What's that? 
 Your sworn affidavit that you and your men fired in self-defense. 
 We'll get you through the checkpoint into Kuwait this afternoon. 
 These are commercial tickets home. 
 Home? 
 We have to get your team out of here in case the locals start demanding interviews. 
 It's company policy. 
 The locals should be asking questions. 
 We screwed up. 
 Nobody in Baghdad or Washington wants this to be a problem. 
 So don't make it a problem. 
 You want to clean your conscience? 
 Volunteer at a soup kitchen. 
 Go work for Amnesty International. 
 Just wait until you're out of this goddamn country. 
 Understand? 
 You okay? 
 114 dead in the Green Zone, including four department heads, and even worse, an ambassador from the IGA. 
 How do you think I am? 
 You're gonna survive this. 
 Only if the people around me remain loyal. 
 You know I'll stand by you. 
 Do I? 
 Because I remember asking you to get rid of that girlfriend. 
 Instead, she walks an IGA security team into a trap. 
 I'm getting rid of her. Why is it so hard? 
 All you have to do is snap your fingers. 
 She's got a son. Not yours. 
 I just want to make sure the kid's in a safe place. 
 I'm taking care of it... this morning. 
 We're gonna survive this. 
 Helena is the real problem. 
 Which is why we need to make the case to the folks at IGA that she's the cause of our recent issues. 
 If we had been left alone to initiate the Seattle Protocol, none of this would have happened. 
 You know that. 
 Do you know someone at the IGA? 
 I do. 
 Nolan. 
 We all have our needs. 
 But perhaps you should be a little more selective about who enters your bed. 
 I'm planning on it. 
 You haven't called me. 
 I'm trying not to take it personally. 
 I don't have anything. 
 Are you telling me that despite the shocking massacre that just occurred in this bloc, you have nothing to report? 
 It's all just noise. 
 I didn't want to bother you. 
 Tell me about Nolan Burgess. 
 The Deputy Proxy. 
 You know, a man can only play dumb so many times before everyone starts to believe it. 
 You just oversaw a security failure of biblical proportions. 
 Do you want to go down with the ship, or do you want to start helping me? 
 A file was illegally downloaded to Nolan Burgess' home computer. 
 We believe the file passed to the Resistance via Nolan's girlfriend. 
 Katie Bowman's sister? 
 Yes. 
 What was in this file? 
 I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 I'll come and visit as soon as I can, okay? 
 Okay. 
 Hey, Hudson... lay it on me. 
 Ow. Ah. 
 Be good, okay? 
 Maddie, Maddie, don't. 
 I can't, I can't. It's too much. 
 What if one of those maniacs had come to our house, found you and Hudson? 
 This is just until we can clean up the bloc. 
 He'll be safe there? Yeah, of course. 
 Look, it's an honor, actually. 
 He's gonna be with children of top officials from around the world... maybe even IGA. 
 There's no better place for him to be. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 I reached out to the Red Hand. 
 I tried to explain to them why we need the gauntlet. 
 I couldn't even get to their leader. 
 Do we really need the gauntlet? 
 I'm not leaving the bloc without it. 
 Then we need to negotiate and, if that fails, have a backup plan. 
 How we gonna make contact? 
 We might have a way. 
 We need to contact the Red Hand. 
 Why? 
 They have something we need. 
 They don't talk to anyone outside their group. 
 That's their rule. 
 We just want to meet with them. 
 It's important, Bram. 
 I don't know how to find them. 
 Their friends at the camp gave me a location, but it was a one-time thing... they're always moving. 
 I don't believe you. 
 You wanted to be... a part of what we're doing. 
 This is your chance. 
 There's a guy... a bouncer at a club. 
 I'm looking for Karen. 
 Man, get out of here. 
 I'm not telling you a goddamn thing. 
 Okay. 
 You know who he is? 
 Yeah. 
 I admired your Green Zone attack. 
 We thought your group might want to take it to the next level. 
 We have a back door into Homeland. 
 Bullshit. 
 I used to work there. 
 Just take our offer to your leader. 
 Tell her we want to meet. 
 What do you say, drink? 
 No. I don't feel much like celebrating. 
 Oh, come on. 
 We got an empty house, a little music. 
 Hey. 
 Stop it. 
 Stop what? 
 I don't want to do this right now. 
 Don't want to do what? 
 What do you think's gonna happen to the bloc? 
 Nothing good. 
 And us? 
 It depends on the choices we make, I guess. 
 What do you mean? 
 We live in a moment filled with tough decisions. 
 Sometimes those decisions can seem... selfish. 
 We're really just doing what we need to do to survive. 
 Do you believe in the Greatest Day? 
 I mean, we have to. 
 Otherwise, how could we live with ourselves? 
 See you. 
 Move in. 
 Hello? 
 Go, go, go! 
 What are you doing here? This is my house. 
 Nolan! 
 Nolan! 
 Wait. 
 My son! Move. 
 No! You b*st*rd! 
 What have you done with my son? 
 So Nolan Burgess is dating the sister of a Resistance leader? 
 Yes. And this Resistance leader used the relationship to lead an IGA security team into a trap. 
 Well, bad optics, obviously, but how does this help us with Alcala? 
 A file containing classified population data was downloaded from Nolan's house. 
 It passed to the Resistance, and they've been using it as propaganda. 
 Nolan's either complicit or careless. 
 So we can squeeze him. Exactly. 
 And Nolan knows where all the bodies are buried in this bloc. 
 We'll turn him and then explain that his only chance is to give up something on Alcala. 
 Well, it's nice to see that you didn't lose your gift for political maneuvering while down in that camp. 
 I'm just trying to serve the Authority and you, of course. 
 Of course. 
 That leaked file... the Resistance has been twisting information to make some inflammatory claims. 
 Such as? 
 That the attrition rate in the bloc is rising so rapidly that Los Angeles will be empty in two years. 
 We'll just push back with our own propaganda once we have Alcala under our thumb. 
 Is it true? 
 Uh, when I was proxy, I was told that the escalation was temporary, that we needed to populate new facilities, but eventually the bloc's numbers would stabilize. 
 Don't play innocent. 
 It doesn't suit you. 
 You think she's actually gonna show up? 
 Why not? 
 As far as she knows, she holds all the cards. 
 Behind the trees, 50 meters right of your mark. 
 Got 'em. 
 Somebody's coming. 
 You wanted to meet? 
 Well, here I am. 
 You have something of mine... an object in a lead-lined box. 
 I want it back. 
 The RAP artifact. 
 I paid a price for that thing. 
 We brought down holy hell on our heads by stealing it, and it killed one of my men. 
 Then why do you want it back? 
 We made contact with a resistance group beyond the wall. 
 They have scientists who can do something with it. 
 This is an opportunity to make a real difference. 
 No. 
 Why not? 
 It might be useful to us. 
 Like it or not, you're a part of something bigger than yourself. 
 Our group is successful because we don't work with people like you. 
 Bogeys behind the ridge. 
 Your problem is you don't even see the compromises that you've made. 
 You work with people within the Occupation. 
 You've got hostiles trying to flank you. 
 Get ready to pull out. 
 Sources. 
 Yes, and you are corrupted by your contact with them. 
 Only an amateur would say that. I'm proud to be an amateur. 
 A million professionals were wiped out the day of the Arrival, and you still think those tactics are going to work? 
 You can't even get a handful of people to follow you. 
 Meanwhile, I'm turning away volunteers. 
 Then why did you kill Hennessey? 
 Because he would have flipped the moment the Occupation found him. 
 He was a good man doing good work. Really? 
 And what did he do to change the bloc? 
 He did a lot more than killing women and children in the Green Zone. 
 They were collaborators. 
 And if you shed a single tear for them, so are you. 
 They're coming up on our position. 
 Either we fall back, or I start shooting. 
 This was supposed to be a parlay. 
 Tell your people to fall back... or we can all die here. 
 That woman is a plague. 
 She'll burn this bloc down without a second thought. 
 She lost a child. Exactly... which is why she'll keep provoking the Occupation till eventually they go nuclear, which is probably what she wants. 
 So what do we do? 
 Take back the gauntlet... and wipe them all out. 
 Alan, always a pleasure. 
 Please, have a seat. 
 Forgive me if I cut straight to the point. 
 I just learned about a certain file that apparently disappeared from this very house. 
 This situation has raised certain unpleasant questions with Homeland, of course. 
 They're ready to launch a full investigation. 
 Unless I play ball. Hmm? 
 Unbelievable. 
 I save your ass, and this is how you repay me... with some clumsy blackmail attempt? 
 At least I didn't promise you a level-three job in the Authority and a house in the Green Zone. 
 You know what your problem is, Alan? 
 You know why you failed as proxy? 
 You're just too damn petty. 
 Yes, I might have dated the wrong woman, but that situation has been handled. 
 I expect her to sign a full confession before she gets shipped off to the Factory. 
 Now she'll be able to reconnect with your wife. 
 It's interesting how all your women wind up in space. 
 Would you excuse me, Alan? 
 I've just got a mountain of paperwork here. 
 Oh, of course. You understand, yeah. 
 Why are you loyal to Alcala? 
 He wouldn't stand up for you. 
 Helena's been weakened. 
 At some point, you got to place a bet, right? 
 See, that's exactly where you're wrong. 
 The moment you place a bet, you're exposed. 
 Were you able to follow her? Yep. 
 Our little bumblebee tracked her all the way home. 
 A theater? Yeah. 
 Not a bad place for a hideout. 
 Lots of entrances and exits. 
 Good job. 
 I got to tell you, there's a lot of people coming in and out of here. 
 How many? 
 Like, a lot. 
 You're back. 
 I need you to find the Bowman sister, the one who was banging Nolan Burgess. 
 You know where she is. 
 This is no way to treat a lady. 
 Unbind her immediately. 
 Miss Kenner, I'm so glad I found you. 
 I'm horrified at the outrageous way that you've been treated. 
 You can help me? Of course. 
 I'm here to make sure that your side of the story is told. 
 I signed a confession. 
 This confession? 
 Seems like a whole lot of nonsense to me. 
 How could an upstanding woman like yourself be solely responsible for these kinds of crimes? 
 They said I had to sign it... to keep my son safe. 
 They don't have the power to keep your son safe, but I do. 
 I can see why you were attracted to Nolan. 
 He's smart, handsome, but he has the wrong kind of ambition. 
 And it's going to destroy him... and maybe even the whole bloc, unless he's stopped. 
 And you're different? 
 I'm here to help you. No. 
 You're here to help yourself. 
 Perhaps. 
 But unlike Nolan and his friends, I keep my promises. 
 What do I have to do? 
 Just work with me. 
 And in exchange, I'll protect your son and keep you from going to the Factory. 
 Thank you. 
 I'll send someone to take your statement. 
 Just remember, the more you can give me on Nolan, the more I can help you. 
 Fine. 
 I need to know something. 
 The Greatest Day... all the promises they made. 
 Is it real? 
 No. 
 And my son? 
 Is there really a camp? 
 That's real. 
 And at least he'll be trained for what's coming. 
 I'm sorry you picked the wrong guy. 
 Morgan was able to pull off a flyby with the drone. 
 They have barracks for their foot soldiers on the first floor. 
 Headquarters is up these stairs... only Karen and a few key advisors are allowed access. 
 They keep valuables in here. 
 There's the box with the gauntlet. 
 It was too dangerous to get the drone any closer. 
 These are bad odds. 
 We really gonna risk our lives for that thing? 
 That thing is the game changer. 
 Okay, why? 
 We have a RAP. 
 
 
 
 What? One of them defected. 
 It doesn't believe in what the rest of them are doing. 
 Our RAP just needs the gauntlet to tap into their communication. 
 It's the only piece we're missing. 
 We got to get it back. Okay, but how? 
 They probably outnumber us ten to one. 
 Their soldiers might be fanatics, but they're also untrained amateurs. 
 We can beat them if we fight them on our terms. 
 Maybe we use the tracking device that BB removed from the gauntlet? 
 We toss it into their hideout, wait for the drones to respond, and grab the gauntlet during the chaos. 
 Target's too exposed. We'll never get out of there alive. 
 Then we do it the old-fashioned way... hit 'em hard and fast. 
 What do you think? 
 I think our kids need a future. 
 [knock at door 
 Need to talk to you. 
 Your father and I have to go do something. 
 And it's dangerous. 
 You're going after the Red Hand? 
 Yes. 
 Because of me. No. 
 No, because... they have something we need. 
 That woman, Noa, she's gonna take our family someplace safe. 
 But we have to do this first. 
 And what if you don't come back? 
 Then you need to take care of your sister and brother. 
 Go to Aunt Maddie, ask for her help. 
 She won't listen to me. 
 She will. 
 She's... she's still family. 
 We'll be back tonight. 
 I love you. 
 Hey, Mom. 
 Be careful. 
 Hola, amigo. 
 Go. 
 You okay? 
 I'm fine. 
 Better keep it moving. 
 Is she...? 
 Yeah. We're being overrun. 
 We've got the target. Get out of there. 
 She can't... she can't be dead. 
 She never told us where her base was. 
 She never told us anything! We got to go. 
 Hurry up. They're downstairs. 
 Will, two bogeys coming up behind you. 
 Go! 
 Set! Move! 
 Go! 
 sh1t. 
 I'm out of ammunition! 
 Go! I'll cover you! 
 We move together! It's too hot! I'll buy you time! 
 We move together! 
 You have a family! 
 Get out of here! 
 Where's Noa? Uh-uh. 
 Broussard? 
 He's coming. We got to go. 
 I'm out. 
 Hello, Nolan. 
 What are you doing here? I'm enjoying a drink. 
 You should leave. Before you even hear my offer? 
 Alan, I told you, I'm standing with Alcala. 
 I remember, but that was before I got a chance to chat with the delightful Madeline Kenner. 
 She had all sorts of things to say about you. 
 Hell truly hath no fury... 
 Alan, she signed a full confession. 
 Under duress. 
 But she has subsequently decided to elaborate. 
 For example, she explained that you played a direct role in getting a certain file to the Resistance. 
 That's a lie. Perhaps. 
 But consider it from the IGA's perspective. 
 They aren't gonna want to take the risk that you can be trusted, not after this. 
 What do you want? 
 Same thing I've always wanted... to protect this bloc. 
 You give me what I need to take down Alcala, in exchange, Helena will push you as the new proxy, and your ex-girlfriend problem will simply disappear. 
 What's your angle? 
 I didn't enjoy my time as a front man. 
 But I think I could be very effective behind the throne. 
 To old friendships... 
 ... and new roads. Mm. 
 Where are we gonna rendezvous with Broussard? 
 He's not coming. 
 We were about to be overrun. 
 He stayed behind to hold them off as long as possible. 
 He's not dead. 
 We have to move. Let's go. 
 Someone attacks the Red Hand, kills their leader, and then lures most of their soldiers into an ambush. 
 The attackers used this to summon our drones. 
 That's from the Host's gauntlet. 
 Broussard. 
 I'm not a man who generally looks a gift horse in the mouth, but why would Broussard attack the Red Hand? 
 What did he want? 
 I don't know. 
 Show me the roof. 
 Sir, the Governor-General is here for you. 
 I can see that. Get out. 
 So you have been falsifying your reports to the IGA? 
 That's an absurd accusation. 
 Well, this appears to be an edit made in your handwriting, cutting the terrorist incident report in half. 
 And that's only the tip of the iceberg. 
 I have everything. 
 You got this from Nolan Burgess. Mm-hmm. 
 He seems to want your job, which shows a certain lack of imagination, given that Los Angeles is going through proxies like firewood. 
 What are you gonna do? 
 Well, that depends. 
 You haven't been a very good listener. 
 I can change that. 
 Well... 
 Los Angeles needs to project stability, so you will remain as proxy... but in name only. 
 People I trust will run the bloc, and you will rubber-stamp all of their decisions. 
 What about Nolan Burgess? 
 Like I said, the people I trust are in charge. 
 Yeah, I know what time it is over there. I don't care. 
 Wake him up. It's urgent. 
 Just have him look at the file as soon as possible, okay? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh. 
 Up against the wall! Go, go! 
 Now! Let's move! 
 Let's go! 
 You have ten minutes to pack whatever personal items you want. 
 Where's Nolan? 
 My son... I sent him to a camp. 
 How do I get him back? 
 Nine minutes. 
 What are we gonna do? 
 Noa was our point of contact. 
 We're gonna get out of this bloc. 
 Then we'll figure it out. 
 We don't know anything. 
 We don't know where to go. 
 We don't know if it's safe. 
 It's better than staying here and waiting for what's coming. 
 It's me. 
 Thank God you're alive. 
 I shouldn't be. 
 What happened? 
 I got the Hands to chase me onto the roof. 
 When they pinned me down, I dropped the tracking device. 
 The drones showed up and opened fire... 
 Shredded everything. 
 Except you. 
 Yeah. 
 One of them came down closer than you are right now, just stared at me. 
 And then it just flew away. 
 That happened to me... coming back from Santa Monica. 
 Maybe it has something to do with that, uh, file that you found in the Blackjack's car? 
 Maybe you're both on some kind of special list? 
 To Nolan, who shot for the moon and finally got it. 
 You're bad. 
 Whoever eliminated the Red Hand did us a huge favor. 
 Now we just need to rein in the Greatest Day and let the people in the middle, the normal people, take control of their bloc. 
 I hope you're right. 
 There's a call for you, ma'am, from Davos. 
 They're up early. 
 Excuse me a moment. Of course. 
 This is Helena Goldwyn. Governor-General, this is Sabine Arnuad, the chief counsel. 
 I'm afraid I have bad news. 
 I see. 
 What is it? 
 We just received word from our Hosts. 
 The Los Angeles bloc... has been scheduled for total rendition. 
 I understand. 
 Something wrong? 
 No. 
 Just the usual politics. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 