Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Company Man - Colony 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Company Man https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=525&t=30981 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/10/17 00:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Company Man 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Colony"... 
 [explosion] 
 [gunfire] 
 So we were able to isolate the sound they were hearing. 
 Our best guess... some kind of message. We need to send a response. What do you think it is? I think it's a freaking dead alien. Whoa. This must be its communications protocol. Quayle came to me. He was ready to give up the whole damn cell to save his own ass, so I killed him. [gunshots] I'm afraid you lack both the skill set  and the constitution to be an officer. I'm therefore transferring you to the general surveillance pool. Clean out your office and report down there in the morning. Fire! My book! Mr. Bowman, help! Smoke alarm didn't go off. I must've got to the fire before the sensor tripped. There's a camera in the smoke alarm in the kitchen. We can't talk about anything in here anymore. [whooshing] [whooshing] [device beeping] [device powering down] Holy sh1t, it worked. We're already behind. Let's make sure it's off and get it out of here. Stop staring at it and get to work. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ I can't move it. You said we'd be able to. It's alien tech, man, we're just guessing. [device humming] It's waking up. What are you doing? I'm trying to shut it down. It's gonna nuke us, guys. It's not working. Time's up. We're done. It's a drone. I said... We captured a live drone. ... we're done. Pull out. Morgan, abort. Morgan! ♪ ♪ Camera's mounted. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [rustling] They're out there again. Keep your voice down. [rumbling] I told you. [mechanical whirring] ♪ ♪ [rumbling] Did you see that? Yes. That's why I told you to keep your voice down. [explosion] [shouting] Hell was that? [indistinct] Watch your back! [alarm blaring] Sweep out! [indistinct shouting] [radio chatter] Jesus. Forward! Forward! Suicide bomber? [radio chatter] They were making a bomb. Got the recipe wrong. How the hell are they making bombs? I'll handle it. Let's go. [alarm blaring] [indistinct shouting] ♪ ♪ Is there anything else? Can't be sick of oranges already, love. You just got home. I wish we had cereal or oatmeal. I hate oranges. [door opens] Morning. Hi, Lindsey. Look what I brought. Are we ready to get to work? Uh-huh. Good morning, everyone... beautiful. Morning, Dad. Get enough to eat, big man? Let's take Minnie for a walk. Yeah. I can't live like this, with cameras watching everything we do. We have nothing to hide. We're just model citizens, right? [sighs] How long has Jennifer been watching? If she has actual recordings... I don't know. That's why I got to go back in the office and find out what she knows. If you go in there voluntarily, they might just arrest you. They're gonna be looking for me either way. If I don't go back in willingly, it seems suspicious. I know it's a risk, but I need to talk to Jennifer, and I need to figure out what Bram's real situation is. I can't do any of that from here. I wish I could help. Then stay out of it. Stay at home and play housewife? I don't care what you call it. The only thing that matters is righting this ship, and we'll both do whatever it takes to do that, right? That means playing our roles... me the good soldier, you the good citizen. Because I wasn't before, right? Do we have to get back into this? I was trying to protect you. I can take care of myself, but Charlie and Gracie need you right now. I'll update you as soon as I can. Okay. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [scanners chiming] Go through. [inaudible] ♪ ♪ Step through, sir. Step through, ma'am. I'm Will Bowman, I've been out of the bloc on assignment. I'm here to report. ♪ ♪ I have him. Come with me. ♪ ♪ [door opens] I'm Dan Bennett, Chief of the Special Police Division. Welcome back. Thank you. Your reputation precedes you. Look, I don't know what happened when I left, but I went to Santa Monica in an official capacity. I had transit documents authorized by the Proxy's office as a reward for finding the VIP. Why would the Proxy provide you with transit documents simply for doing your job? You'd have to ask him that. He's been exited. So I heard. Did you recover your missing child? Yes. I came back in as soon as I got home. I'm ready to work. Finding the missing VIP was obviously commendable. But... other facts in your file... raise certain questions. Detective Bolton Miller. "Beau." Good enough guy... what about him? He walked off the reservation right before the VIP disappeared. I didn't know that. Did you talk to Jennifer McMahon about it? Did Detective Miller have sympathies toward the Insurgency? Beau? If he did, he kept 'em hidden from me. You worked together to turn Alexander Quayle, a key member of Broussard's cell. That's right. Who was, rather conveniently, assassinated in one of our safe houses before he could start talking. You think Beau was our leak? I think there was a leak, but I'm not sure it was him. Let's talk about your other son, Bram. He was caught trying to go under the wall... Yes. In a tunnel that we discovered based on your tip. Seems like an odd coincidence. You think I'd try to get my own son arrested? I don't know what to think. Something odd was happening in your division, and I need to know what it was before I hand you a badge and a gun. The moment Phyllis died, I knew we had a leak, but finding it wasn't my job. So I kept my head down and did my work, which is how I recovered the VIP and saved this bloc. Now, you need to find Broussard, and I can help, which is why you need to put me back on the street. ♪ ♪ Guys, we rehearse these ops so that we don't run into amateur hour sh1t like we did back there. When I give a command, it's done in the best interest of the unit. I won't have time to explain myself on the battlefield. I just don't ever recall voting you in as chairman. Chairman? This is a military operation, Eckhart. Guys, our drone's shift is over, he's headed home. What's the range on your transmitter? We're about to find out. Damn. Here we go. Oh, stay with us. What, we lost signal? No. No, there's no light source. We're seeing what it sees. And what are we seeing? Drones. God, there are hundreds of them. Thousands. With that many of them, they could vaporize the entire bloc. How the hell are we gonna fight that? Quiet! [machinery humming] What is that? [machinery humming] Hmm. You didn't do your homework. My brother just came home. This work is important to Gracie. Why? Because the Greatest Day is going to save all of us. But lots of other religions say that. How do we know it's true? Did those other religions build giant walls? Do they have spaceships? Their miracles are just fairytales. We can see proof of the Greatest Day all around us. Where are you getting these ideas? Let's continue with the lesson, okay? Okay. Don't move. Back in line. So who wants to tell me where the bomber got his material? Huh? One... two... [screams] ... three. One... two... That's enough! Everybody on the buses. Let's go! [bus engine turning over] This is a labor camp, which means our workers should probably do some actual labor. And What about the bomb? I'll handle it... with a more targeted strategy than whacking prisoners in the head. You... clean up duty. I promise I've been listening, but I haven't heard anything yet. If that shithead last night had blown up one of our Host shipments instead of just himself, you'd be dead... not in the Factory, not in another labor camp, just dead, along with every other prisoner in this camp. Do you understand? I'll see what I can find out. You do that. ♪ ♪ [door opens] Will Bowman. This is Detective Burke, your new partner. My pleasure. How's it going? Detective Burke is familiar with my way of doing things. Let me show you your desk. [elevator humming] So what's your story? Honor and duty. I'm dedicated to rooting out and destroying the terrorism that threatens the security of our Los Angeles bloc. Where's Jennifer? Who? Jennifer McMahon. She was one of the detectives on my counterinsurgency task force. I'm not familiar with her. Really? She worked here for the better part of a year. Your desk. Hey, Betsy, have you seen Jennifer? Um, sorry. So much work to do today, it's... Hey, where is she? Uh, I really don't know. A number of staff was recently relocated to the surveillance annex. Maybe your friend is there. ♪ ♪ [chime] [handle rattles] [mechanical humming] [keyboard clacks] [humming continues] [sound stops] We need more footage. We need to know more about that audio signal. If that's how they communicate, we'll have something big... something actionable. This is pointless. You saw it yourself... there are thousands of drones in those walls. I mean, we didn't you see that whole bloody nest? What does it matter if we crack their communication? Put that audio file on a thumb drive. I'll take it to Hennessey, see if he has any ideas. So once again you're going for a stroll around town while we're all stuck underground doing nothing? I know how to handle myself. You don't. What if you pop your head up out there and a camera or a Redhat or a civilian looking for a reward sees you? We all die. Sit tight. 
 
 What's it like being a mole? What? The camp commander saved your ass again this morning. Once might be a coincidence, but twice? I'm not the only one with secrets. You know something about the bomb. Snyder trusts me. I can feed him information and keep him off your trail. If he realizes that you're lying to him, you're dead. It's no more dangerous than going under the wall. Tell Snyder that it was a three-person gang. Pinto and Lyons were helping Morales steal supplies for his bomb. They were gonna blow a hole in the fence and escape. Is it true? Does it matter? They'll get sent to the Factory. There's no reason for Snyder not to believe their story. We've got big plans. But we need space to operate. Pinto and Lyons understand the stakes. They signed up for this. You said you wanted to help us. Did you mean it? Yeah, I meant it. ♪ ♪ This was a terrorist attack at a Homeland Security recruitment center. They tell me you're a great investigator. So why don't you tell me what happened here? Is this a test, Bob? All right. Well, it looks like blast came from inside. It was a phased attack. Shooters were placed here to ambush the survivors... and the first responders. My guess is, the explosion pushed everybody that way. The bomb was just a diversion. They locked the gate, shot the survivors like fish in a barrel... which is a pro tactic, and they left their calling card. How'd I do? Broussard's ego's grown in lockstep with his destructiveness. Doesn't seem like Broussard's MO. He was a military target guy. It doesn't matter. Once the good people of this bloc understand that Broussard is the reason for the oppression and the misery that they're suffering, they'll root him out themselves. [whooshing] ♪ ♪ Hey, it's me. Yeah, I stuck my head up for a meeting. Can I see you after? ♪ ♪ I got to go. Forgive me. Perhaps that is an unfair question... But let me say only two things. The French have helped us greatly, and they are too powerful to combat. For years, I've heard that dismal... Haven't had a signal from you in a while. I've become more popular than I want to be. Nice to be popular. Not in our line of work. Our friends with the red hands seem to think differently. Catchy PR campaign they got going. Any luck making contact with 'em? They're a closed loop. As far as I can tell, they want to talk, they come to you. Any idea who they might be? Not of our world. They're something new. Any progress on that tech you acquired? Some. Mm? I need you to find me an audio engineer. I couldn't let her die for something that wasn't her fault. So I let her go last night. You what? I didn't think it would rain, and, after all, she's a woman. Pinto and Lyons. Idiots. Take 'em to interrogation. [gunfire] ♪ ♪ This is what happens when you break the rules. You answer to me. ♪ ♪ Right, one more row. Come on. Let's go! Back to work. Let's go. Let's go! Hello. Hey, Mom. Hi. Where's your brother? He went out. Out where? He said he wanted to go for a walk. And you let him? He's not my student. ♪ ♪ Charlie! ♪ ♪ Charlie? You can't just run off like that. I was getting things we needed... look. ♪ ♪ This isn't Santa Monica. What are you doing? You can't just go around stealing other people's... There are rules here. Don't we need that stuff? You're not listening to me. Okay? You're gonna stay safe. So no stealing stuff, knucklehead. No breaking the rules. Okay. Listen, things are different, right? So you can let me and Dad take care of you again. ♪ ♪ That's a waste. In this bloc, people are always watching, my love. You understand that? Yeah. Mm, look at you. You were so skinny in high school. [chuckles] My mom's cooking. Mm. Mm-hmm. I used to be able to pin you down. I can still take you. Oh, yeah? Yeah. You got me? Mm-hmm. Ah! [both chuckling] You can stay, if you want. It's too dangerous. You can't spend the rest of your life trapped underground. You'll go crazy. You'd get tired of me. No, I wouldn't, 'cause you make me laugh. I'm not the kid you used to know. Well, thank God, 'cause I wouldn't have slept with the kid I used to know. [pounding] [knocks] Hey. What's going on? Lindsey said I'm a bad influence on Gracie. She told me to stay in my room. You don't have to stay in here. I'll go talk to Lindsey. [indistinct chatter] So what do you think the answer to this would be? We're almost done for the day. Did you tell Charlie to stay in his room? He was being disruptive. Gracie's work requires peace of environment. This isn't your house, Charlie's not your son, and it's certainly not your job to discipline him. So that's not gonna happen again. I can't make that promise, Mrs. Bowman. My responsibility is to Gracie and her studies, and to teach her, I need a sound environment. Get out of my house. Can't you see? That child is a poison. He burned my book. ♪ ♪ I don't give a sh1t about your book. Get out! Get out of my house. You're making a big mistake. I don't care. [door locks] ♪ ♪ Okay, move on. [scanners chiming] ID. [chimes] This is what we've collected on Broussard since you've been gone. I expect you to be current by tomorrow morning. [loud rumbling] What was that? [screaming] Evacuate! EMTs and Fire in here! The other door is locked! [indistinct sobs and screams] [groans] [alarm blaring] [sobbing] Are you okay? [radio chatter] They're coming for me. [whimpering] ♪ ♪ Just keep it together! Get outside! Help me! Please! [radio chatter] [indistinct screaming] Don't panic! [indistinct shouting] He's gone! I can't find him anywhere! [alarm blaring] ♪ ♪ [indistinct shouting over monitors] ♪ ♪ Drink. Don't blame yourself for this morning. That mouth-breather Jenkins was trying to make a point instead of doing his job. Well, aren't you his boss? Technically. But have you ever tried to train a bear? Goddamn Jenkins. I needed to interrogate those bomb-making morons. I guarantee this thing runs deeper. [door opens] That shipment just arrived at the loading facility. I'm coming. ♪ ♪ Just keep doing good work. As long as we don't make any mistakes, you and I are gonna get out of this shithole. I promise. ♪ ♪ Extra security for the shipment... it's going up. We'll take good care of it. ♪ ♪ We're unloading it here. ♪ ♪ [knocks] ♪ ♪ Jennifer? ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Where's Jennifer? What happened to her? Agent McMahon wasn't adaptable. She didn't have the constitution to survive in the new system. ♪ ♪ See you tomorrow. [engine turns over] ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] Every time something happens like this morning, it's a reminder of what's important. Humans are stomping down other humans because nobody thinks we can beat the Raps, but we're gonna change all that. How? With your help. A shipment's coming to the distribution center. What kind of shipment? I don't know. But Snyder acted like it was a really big deal. [tense music] Thanks. ♪ ♪ Talk to Jennifer? I couldn't find her. I think something terrible's happened to her. What? I don't know, but... I think whatever she knew about us, she took with her. If this new crew had anything on us, we'd already be on our way to the Factory. Are we gonna be okay? They need to find Broussard and the thing he took from the Rap. As long as I seem useful, we'll be okay. I'll keep working to find out what they have on us. How's Charlie? Lindsey went after him, and I threw her out. I've already called Maddie.I 'm gonna go up there tonight. I'm gonna get ahead of this. And a messenger, uh, dropped off clothes for you. [whooshing] [instrumental piano music] ♪ ♪ Katie, what are you doing here? Is everything all right? Well, can I just speak with you for a couple seconds in private? You have to apologize. What? She was trying to help you, Katie. Help me by brainwashing my children? Brainwashing? Nolan oversees the Greatest Day movement. I'd appreciate it if you didn't come into my house and insult his work... our work. You're kidding. You actually believe this sh1t. Don't be so judgmental. You don't know the things that I've seen. Wait, wait, wait. Everything you've been telling me about Bram... is that true? Of course it's true. If you believe the rest of this, how do I know that he's not in the Factory or... I would never, ever lie to you about something like that. Look... I'll show you, okay? See? Bram Bowman. This column means that he's at a labor camp. What do the other columns mean? Look, I don't know, I just asked about Bram because... [knocking] I'm sorry to interrupt, but Mr. Burgess is about to give his toast. He wants you there. Of course. I'll be right back. [clinking on glass] Maddie and I are so glad that you could all be here. [applause] ♪ ♪ [speech continues indistinct] ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 