Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Panopticon - Colony 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Panopticon https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=525&t=30851 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/03/17 01:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Panopticon 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Colony... 
 I just need to find a way out of here. We could use a coyote. Let's go! The art of deception is a natural talent, and your wife has it in spades. How long you been spying on me, selling me out? I did it to protect you. Bullshit. You did it for you. The tunnel under an old DWP substation that leads right into downtown. We can exploit this,  set a trap for whoever's using the tunnel. Hands up! On your knees! Get down! A VIP was attacked and abducted. So bring me something actionable on Broussard. I told you-- I cannot get him for you. I wasn't lying. You wanted a body. You got me. [thud] Charlie. [tense music] ♪ [indistinct chatter] Good morning. I would like to begin by saying that I am honored by my appointment to the seat of Governor General. I know that the Global Authority has placed a great deal of trust in me, and I want to assure you that I have hit the ground running. My first decision has to been to replace the Los Angeles bloc's proxy. I promise you that these are only our first steps. We are already pursuing advanced security measures to remain ahead of the insurgency. What concrete steps are you taking to secure the stolen artifact? We have begun implementing the same surveillance protocol used by the Seattle Colony to put down its insurgency and recover our Hosts' stolen vehicle. Our goal is to achieve total information awareness. Many of the colonies face a certain level of unrest. Los Angeles will become a test case for a new way forward, a better way. No, no, no. A vote has been called. All in favor? [together] Aye.  Si. Those against? [together] No. We have decided against recommending Los Angeles for total rendition at this time. We will reevaluate your colony's status at our next summit. Units from our Intelligence Directorate are already on the ground in the Los Angeles bloc. We expect they will be given complete latitude. You have my word. Thank you again for seeing me. ♪ Come in. Come in, come in. [door closes] I just... I missed you so much. You, uh-- Are you hungry? You got to be hungry, right? Or how about we, um-- how about we get you cleaned up first? Can I show Charlie his room? Yes, yes, yes, yes, great idea. Um, you do that, and I'll-- I'll get a shower running, okay? This is it-- your room. Mom and Dad had to move some of your stuff, but we had to leave lots of things behind. We also had to change our last name for a while and pretended we were a different family-- the Sullivans. I don't know why. It's because they would've killed dad for being in the FBI. Where's Bram? Bram was arrested trying to leave the colony. What? He snuck out the day that-- the day you left. I asked Maddie-- her new boyfriend's got some big position in the Authority. I asked them for help, and they managed to get him transferred to a labor camp outside the walls. As long as Bram doesn't get into any more trouble, eventually he'll be brought back. And this is Mom and Dad's room. And here's the bathroom. I'm giving Charlie a tour of the house. Maybe we should give the kid some privacy, yeah? How about, um-- how about you let Mom and Dad talk for a little bit, okay? Okay. Thank you so much. Charlie has blood on him. It's not his. What happened over there? It was bad. How bad? Bad  bad. I found Devon. She helped me get to Charlie. I lost my transit pass, so I couldn't come back here legally. We went to a coyote who had a plan to go over the wall. Over? It would have worked. We were spotted by a drone-- killed everyone but me and Charlie. Devon just, uh... I don't know why it didn't kill us, too. Maybe it scanned my face, knew I worked for the Occupation. I don't know. Charlie saw all of it? I don't think that's the worst thing he's seen in the last year. It's anarchy over there. The Occupation basically handed over control of the flats to gang lords. Charlie was run by one of them-- a total sociopath. [breathes shakily] How'd you get him out? Is he gonna be all right? He's a tough kid, and he's young. [breathes shakily, sniffles] We can bring him back. Sure. [knock at door] Yep? [computer beeps, door opens] [indistinct chatter] Boss wants to see you. Thanks. [knock at door] You said yesterday you had something for me. What happened? My source went quiet, uh, but I'll keep trying to work him. This bloc is under pressure to produce results, and I don't have the luxury of patience. I need the identity of your source. Uh, any contact other than me will spook him. It's become obvious to me that something illicit was happening in your unit. Maybe there was a leak, maybe something worse. I had assumed that you were too naive to be involved, but your recent behavior has made me wonder. I don't have the time to deal with this investigation personally, so I'm assigning an officer I trust to dig deeper. I expect that you will cooperate fully with his investigation. Do you understand? Yes. It's possible that you aren't lying, or maybe you got caught up in something above your pay grade and are trying to protect a colleague. I understand the code. I'm giving you the chance to prove that you're a member of my team. I suggest you take it. [dog barking in the distance] You grew up. How about we raid Bram's closet? Where is he? Bram got into trouble. Is he at the Factory? No, they sent him to work at a-- outside the colony, but he's gonna come home. He's at a labor camp. You know about the labor camps? Sure. What have you heard? Bram's gonna have to change. Remember the day we took this... when you'd just ridden the big coaster at Six Flags, and you were so proud of yourself? I'm hungry. Okay. Let's eat. That's Bram's seat. It's okay. Sit wherever you want. Hudson and Aunt Maddie moved into a new house. They have a pool and everything. [dramatic music] ♪ Gracie. [machine beeping] [indistinct chatter] Hey. [chuckles] How are you? [chuckles] Oh, pretty good. I swapped DVDs with my neighbor last night, got the whole Friends DVD box set. Mm. What's new? Oh, um... [whispering] I'm under investigation. Wh-- what? Why? Someone from my department was breaking the rules, and they think I might be helping him cover it up. Are you gonna turn him in? I don't know. If I do, I can save my job, maybe even get a promotion. Yeah, well, you have to look out for yourself. Yeah. [tense music] ♪ Oh, hi. You must be Jennifer McMahon. I'm Detective Burke. I've been asked to look through your files. I welcome the review, order and duty. Oh, good. I'm glad you're not taking it personally. Security comes from watchfulness, and a secure bloc is a strong bloc. So help me get up to speed. Who's your source? I never had a source. The majority of the terrorist cell that attacked our Hosts came from a startup company. Apis. Right. They made tiny drones before the Arrival. I figured they must have bugged our office to get the intel for their attack. Why did you lie? Because I was trying to keep my job. I'm good at it. Hmm. You know, I noticed from your daily logs that you've been focusing on one location in particular. Right, uh, that's because Will Bowman got home this morning. The agent who located our missing Host? Why would we be watching his house? Because Beau, one of the other members of our team, disappeared. It's just protocol. Protocol? Mm-hmm. You know, I have a background in internal affairs, and it's led me to trust my instincts, and something here-- it doesn't smell right. So I'm going to dig... and if I find something, you're going to the Factory. Wh-- Because concealing a crime is as bad as participating. Think about that before we talk again. [door opens, indistinct chatter] What's he doing? Stockpiling food. We got to get him to open up, Will. He'll talk to you. I tried. I'll try again. Still hungry? Did you pick this house because of the oranges? That was one of the reasons. How'd you get this house? People who lived here were on vacation when the Arrival happened. We're safe here. No, we're not. Come on, sit with me. I want to tell you a story. [sighs] My last tour with the Army, I was on a convoy that got attacked outside of Mosul. The Humvee right in front of me got hit by an IED. Our Humvees had a weak spot, and the IED must have hit it just right. First thing I saw was one of my best friends. When I got home, I never said anything about it to anyone, not even your mom. I just carried it around inside me, and I can still feel it sitting there. That's why we need to talk about what happened to you in Santa Monica, 'cause I don't want you to carry it around like I did. I'm not carrying around anything. What about Devon? She saved my life, maybe yours. It's okay to be sad about her. I am. People die. [solemn music] ♪ Want an orange? [footsteps approaching] It's okay. I'm good. ♪ I got oranges. Great. ♪ He blew me off. Like you said, he's home. That's the first step. What about Bram? Bram will come home, too. And then what? You think it's an accident he got involved? Don't put it all on me. You didn't see it either. I didn't see a lot of things... because I loved you. I love you. Will, lying to you was the biggest mistake of my life. It haunts me. Did it haunt you while you were doing it or just now that you've been caught? I was trying to do something-- something bigger than me, than us. The cell started to fall apart, and-- and I asked-- I know. Quayle came to me and was ready to give up the whole damn cell to save his own ass-- Broussard, you. He didn't even blink. So I killed him. [gasps] He was unarmed, and I executed him... for you. That's what haunts me. [scoffs] You know, I did a lot of things  to try and keep this family together, and the whole time you're doing things to tear us apart. That's not fair. Will, this all started when you decided to smuggle yourself through the wall to get Charlie without ever saying a word to me. You and I trust our instincts. That is who we are. It's who we've always been. Well, it's not working! You think I don't know that? Tell me what happened to Bram. He joined a resistance cell through a-a teacher at his school, and they were caught going under the wall. Under? Where? He said something about an old DWP tunnel. What? God. 
 
 [doorbell rings, knock at door] [sighs] [knocking continues] [knocking continues] Mr. Bowman! Oh, welcome home. Thanks. What a blessing. I'm sure everyone's so-- Charlie's home. Oh, excellent. Come on. I'm so excited. He's upstairs. He didn't fit into... Gracie. ...his clothes but Mom gave him some of Bram's. Charlie? Charlie? Are you playing hide-and-seek? Lindsey's here. Hello. You must be Charlie. Who are you? I'm Gracie's tutor. We were praying every day that our benevolent Hosts would bring you home, and they did. My dad brought me home. With their help and guidance. No. Come on, Gracie. What now? We stay together. That's how we survive. What about us? I don't know. [dramatic music] ♪ [sighs] [door creaks] You want some help? Okay. You know, I kind of like it long. It reminds me of Dad's. I want it how it was. Okay. [calm music] ♪ Okay, what do you think? Better. Yeah. You know, I missed you... so much. Why is Lindsey here? Uh, the government assigned her to us. You don't like her? No. Me neither. You should get rid of her. Well, that's not that simple, Charlie. Yeah. [sighs] [indistinct chatter] [knock at door] I'd like to show you something. You're getting the backstage tour. Come on. [man grunting] Come on. [keys clacking] Look familiar? I understand you have a background in data processing. That's right. Who did you work for? Uh, singlemingle.com. Hmm, interesting. That's not exactly the resume for a security post. I've heard that despite your background in matchmaking, you now live by yourself. How is this relevant? I need to know whether you've been compromised. Your points of contact are very relevant. Do you have any family in this bloc? Old friends? No. Well, look around this room. We now have the operational capacity to follow your every move, dig through every corner of your empty life. So I'm going to give you one more chance to make this easy on yourself. Who is your source? I told you. I know what you told me. But you obviously aren't the kind of agent to have this building searched on a hunch. Someone told you something. I'm telling you the truth. We'll see. [dog barking in the distance] I left it for Bram to clean up... when he got home. I should have paid more attention. We both missed it. [sighs] Jennifer has me. She knows what I did. She came to see me while you were away. What did you tell her? Nothing. That's the problem. I-I don't have anything for her. They'd already ID'd Broussard and the rest of the cell. I'm out of time. You're an asset. She's running you. She wants Broussard. So give him to her. I can't. You won't. I can't. After I burned him at the loft, Broussard cut off contact. If I tried to reach out to him now,  he'd know I've been compromised. Will, I promise you, I am done with them, but I have nothing to give Jennifer, so I told her that if she wanted a body, she'd have to settle for mine. I asked Maddie to take Gracie, and I was just waiting for Homeland to kick the door in,  and then you and Charlie came home. I'm so scared. It's okay. I can deal with her. She's been loyal to you. She's the only reason I'm still here. Maybe we trust her. No, we can't. You think she'd turn us in? Jennifer's got a good heart, but she's weak. It won't take much to break her. She doesn't have the experience or training for this kind of thing. If she sells us out, we all go to the Factory-- Gracie, Charlie. I worked her before. I can work her again. As long as she thinks we're friends, I can keep her from saying anything. I can handle her. [foreboding music] ♪ [computer beeps] ♪ [knock at door] Yes? I feel like we got off on the wrong foot. I'd like to come clean, start over. I'm glad to hear that. Transitions are always difficult, especially since I demand a certain type of loyalty. Your lack of personal entanglements actually might make you a good fit. The Authority can become your life. So what do you have for me? [dramatic music] ♪ Will Bowman... ♪ What about him? ♪ He's back from Santa Monica. He'll be a big asset to the office. That's what you came here to tell me? My source was Simon Eckhart, the English guy from Apis. He'd been calling me from public pay phones, but he stopped. I don't know if Broussard got to him or if he just got cold feet. Why was he calling you? Dumb luck. He called the tip line, and they transferred him to me. [sighs] I'm afraid you lack both the skill set and the constitution to be an officer. I'm therefore transferring you to the general surveillance pool. Clean out your office and report down there in the morning. [humming Amazing Grace] All right, are you ready to continue the lesson? Mm-hmm. Okay, we're going to start with this card. Obedience. Very well done. So that will go here on number one. Good job. All right, number two? I don't know. You don't remember? Mm-mm. Okay. Let's read a little bit about that here. Fire! Fire! My book! Lindsey! My book! Mr. Bowman, please help! Jesus. No, no, no, no. Stay put. No, no. [coughing] You guys okay? Yeah. What the hell happened? I was making tea, and somebody put a book on the stove. Okay, it's all right. It's all right. Everything's fine. Uh, Lindsey, how about you take the rest of the day off? This is-- I got your book. This is so wrong. It's okay. It's all right. I'm sorry, Lindsey. ♪ Mom, that book is really important. She's gonna be okay. Come on. How about you tell me what happened in here? I was just sitting and reading, and I saw a fire. What? Smoke alarm didn't go off. We must have got to the fire  before the sensor tripped. [sighs] You shot me. Sorry, I-I panicked. Want to help me get cleaned up? Sure. Jesus. Be gentle. [knob squeaks, water running] [somber music] ♪ We're being watched. There's a camera in the smoke alarm in the kitchen. It's probably not the only one. We have to assume the whole house has been compromised. Shh, shh, shh, shh. We can't talk about anything in here anymore. You understand? Yes. [indistinct chatter] [keys clacking] [sighs nervously] Okay. Quayle came to me. He was ready to give up the whole damn cell to save his own ass-- Broussard, you. He didn't even blink. [suspenseful music] ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ [crying softly] Okay. [sniffles] [sighs] [whispering] What are we gonna do? We're gonna get through it... together. Can't be any more lies between us. I know. ♪ [sniffles] [knock at door] One second. What are you still doing here? Just logging out of the system, packing up my stuff. [indistinct chatter] [insects chirping] [sighs] [sniffles] [cork pops] [inhales deeply] Come on. Come on. Are we going? Yes, we're going. And you're recording this?  Is that what you're saying? I think it's-- [speaks indistinctly] Okay, it's recording. It's recording. Okay, okay, we're ready. Guys. Ringo. It's Ringo's birthday today. What? Long walk. What-- hey, how old are you, Ringo? You got to bark as many times as your age. Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf. Five? [inaudible] Thank you. Here, here, here. Buddy, come here. Buddy, come on. I have no idea where all my-- [laughing] Okay. [laughing] It was amazing. You were really good. You could totally get a job-- Wait. I just learned. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Let me get the front. Okay, buddy, let's do this. You got this. [melancholy music] [laughs] It's-- Are you taking a still picture, or are we taking an actual full video right now? It's a video. Okay, okay. I love you. I love you, too. [laughs] Mwah. [laughs] You're beautiful. [cries softly, sighs] I'm sorry. ♪ [indistinct chatter on computers] [keys clacking] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 