Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Broussard - Colony 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Broussard https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=525&t=25610 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/26/16 09:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Broussard 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "Colony"...  
 Hey! 
 Whoa! 
 Wait, that... that's Homeland! 
 They're not with us. 
 You are... 
 Maddie. 
 I'm working for Charlotte. 
 My wife has excellent taste. 
 I love you. 
 Whatever you're going through,  we're going through together. You can tell me anything. 
 Why can't I go to school anymore? 
 Because the government is giving us a tutor, and that's gonna be your new teacher. 
 Your son Charlie is alive. 
 If you are lying about this... 
 I really want to help you get him back. 
 [knock at door] 
 I need you to let me inside. 
 Where's Snyder? 
 [Gunshots] 
 Katie fed us bullshit, and then she helped her husband take us apart. She's a double agent. 
 We have always known that we were destined for... something greater. 
 Before the Arrival, we were Jews and Christians, Muslims. 
 Our beliefs were not invalid. 
 They were just incomplete. 
 Each of our faiths promised us that a great day of salvation was coming, and why? 
 Because we all knew in our souls that one day our destiny as a species would be fulfilled and we would be lifted up from the tribulations of our history and become... something greater. 
 Today, we have been blessed with a visit from brother Nolan Burgess. 
 Welcome, brother. 
 Welcome. 
 He and his friends in the Political Ministry understand the importance of our work. 
 In particular, brother Burgess has thanked me for the dedicated service of our youth leaders. 
 Brothers and sisters, would you please stand. 
 Please. 
 We the faithful understand the critical role that children will play on the greatest day, which is why we must do everything in our power to prepare them. 
 The day shall come. 
 All : The day shall come. 
 [dramatic music] 
 Bram and Gracie? 
 I'm back, and I got apple juice. 
 Almost didn't get it. 
 Guy in front of me got the last one. 
 But he forgot his ration card, which was lucky. 
 Kids? 
 Is anybody home? 
 [creaking] 
 Lindsey? 
 [creaking] 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [wood creaking] [gunshot] Are you all right? Baby, what is it? It's nothing. [door closes] [light music] ♪ ♪ Brett, what happened to the Basquiat I pulled? It was here yesterday, but someone erased it from the log, and... it's not here. Maybe someone borrowed it. You don't borrow a massive $12 million piece of art. Hey, Bear, have you seen your brother? He left early for school, Mrs. Bowman. [hums] [laughs] What's that? It's a man. Maybe when I get home we can go to the park. Maybe. [Laughs] We can all go, Gracie. Okay, sure. [humming] If you need me, I'll be at the Yonk. I'm going to dig down in this... [laughs] [murmurs] [giggles] Do you want to know who this man really is? He's someone who is very misunderstood. He came here thousands of years ago to help us. Help us do what? Learn about ourselves and about our universe. But then the man died, and for 2,000 years, lots and lots of people on Earth have believed that someday he's going to come back to save us. Do you think he's gonna come back? Yes, just not in the way that everyone thinks. But, when it happens, we'll finally understand why we're here, and we'll start over, brand new, and that day is going to be the greatest day ever. And you're going to be a big part of it, Gracie. This... is a special book. It has all kinds of secrets in it. Can I read it? You can. But we have to keep it just between us, okay? Okay. Good girl. Charlotte? Charlotte? [tense music] [distant voices] [radio chatter] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ All right, guys, I need this numbered and tagged. [overlapping chatter] [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [doorbell rings] [phone dials] You've reached Bronson Construction. No one's available. Please leave a message. This is Amelia Gould. We need to talk about my house. I went by your office. There was no one there. [radio chatter] That's our guy? Well, it's his face. Dwight Ford. He enlisted with Homeland Security nine months ago, right after they started taking applications. Meaning he's been on the inside collecting intel. What are you doing to find him? Well, it would help if we could use the Rolodex. We need a password. I'll have to make some calls, but I can probably get you authorized. Authorize Jennifer. She's the expert. Find this guy. Grab the Homeland file and... gimme Dwight Ford's address. Whoa! Get over here. Come on! Yeah, Mom, I'm coming. [radio chatter] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ On foot! All right, keep your heads up. Stand by to breach. Stand by one. Stand down one! Stand by to breach. Ready? Go! [men moaning, indistinct chatter] We need a medic to assist! [overlapping chatter, commotion] An explosion, like, an explosion explosion? Not sure there's another kind. Lost four members of the breach team. Jesus. Who the hell has C-4 these days? Nobody I want to meet. Did you find a way into that machine? Snyder just sent the login. Put in his social. All right. [ominous music] How do we slow this down? Hit print. No, wait. Let me know what you find. [background chatter] Officers Greinke and Robles? That's us, bro. Division Five? You guys rolled with Officer Dwight Ford, also known as D? Yeah, we did. Tell us about him. Not much to tell. The guy hardly talked, man. The guys are saying he's Resistance? Ever see any action with him? Yeah, sure. Couple times. He was always good, clean, professional. Anything that stood out? He never showered in the barracks. And you had a problem with that? It was gross, bro. What I mean is, one time, at his locker, I saw that D had this tattoo on his chest. A skull with wings. And? And I asked him about it, just trying to make conversation. He didn't like you asking. He didn't answer. Just looked at me. So I never asked again. Thank you, gentlemen. Yes, sir. Skull with wings is a Force Recon tattoo. Marine Spec Ops. Or maybe he was drunk in Vegas, picked that one out of a sample book. Yeah, I'm sure that was it. Hey, this area's off limits. Are you deaf, shit-bird? Hey! [groans] Uhh! [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Everything about Dwight Ford is right here. Every social media page, credit report, receipt. That thing can access every single bit of digital data that we had on Earth up until the moment of the Arrival. What do you want to see first? His military background. Uh, well, Mr. Ford was in international sales. Machine tools. Traveled a lot for his work. He was a hobbyist shooter, trap and skeet, mostly, and studied some martial arts. He... he wasn't military, though. What did you do? Before this, I mean. NSA? Something like that? I managed one of the largest private databases in the world. They keep track of a lot of trained killers in there? [scoffs] I hope not. Then trust me, these files are bullshit. Weekend warriors don't rig their own house with C-4 and they don't sneak into the Green Zone and assassinate people. Okay, since you obviously have all the answers, why don't you just tell me what you want? Use your machine to keep digging until you find someone with a face like this and a military background. Katie wants to meet. Good, saves you the trouble of finding her. [both grunt] She's been an asset. In 52 B.C., the Gauls decided to revolt against Roman rule. They were facing probably the greatest army the world has ever known, commanded by a ruthless general named Julius Caesar. So the odds were obviously stacked against the Gauls. But Vercingetorix, their king, fought a brilliant campaign. I mean, he basically adopted a scorched-earth policy, set fire to his own villages to cut off the Romans from needed supplies. This action caused Caesar huge logistical problems. But when it came time to put his own shiny capital city to the torch, Vercingetorix faltered. He gave in to the pleas of the town elders, who couldn't bear to see their capital city destroyed. How'd that work out for them? Caesar took Avaricum for his own and slaughtered all of its inhabitants. The graveyards of history are littered with merciful men. As I recall, Caesar's dead too. War is about making hard choices. I understand hard choices. Then do the math. Since Katie joined us, we've lost our armory, our chance at Snyder... And most of our cell. She gave us the head of the Security Wing. Yeah, and her husband was promoted to fill the vacuum. I mean, maybe we're playing right into her plans. [sighs] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [radio chatter] [background chatter] How is it that since I met you, I regularly find myself standing next to awful sh1t like this? It's a common complaint. Van was stolen two weeks ago. Witnesses to the Snyder ambush report seeing one like it leaving the scene. Inside is... what was a black male, muscular build. Any tattoos? This fits the pattern. The cell is cleaning house again, just like they did with the Gateway bombing. Check him for a gun. Your theory. You check him for a gun. Hell no, man. I'm eating. Sig P226. Standard Redhat issue. Guys that good don't go out like punks. Meaning what? Brother's got some magical ability to dodge bullets? A guy he knows walks up to him, pow, back of the head. Simple. Or that's exactly what our cell wants us to think. Why you gotta be like this? We're looking at an engraved invitation to just walk away. Why can't you take it, man? Guy had a gun on my wife. sh1t. You work too hard. [chuckles] Sorry, I just have to finish this. [softly] I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. Nolan... Why don't you come back to my office and help me out with some paperwork? Three is the magic number. She has to be there. That's the rule... her rule. Three's a crowd. Come on. Nolan, I can't. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [softly] 41... 2, 4, 6, 10, 12. 14. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 1. [murmurs] [whispering numbers] 20. A friend. [background chatter] [sirens] Get in. Come on. [tense music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 How you doing? I figured out how to search photos. We have one face with 14 different identities. U.S., Canadian, German, French-Algerian... Damn. This mean something to you? Means he isn't just ex-military. He was some kind of operator. Dig into his covers, try to link them to news stories or anything tangible. It could take me a month to plow through all these. [sighs] Good thing we have government jobs. This is good. Follow the rabbit hole. See where it goes. What are we doing here? We need to talk. In private. [intense music] My father used to bring me up here. He was a firefighter. Man of few words. We'd sit here on a hot summer day and see if we could spot smoke. He told me the only thing in this world you can trust is yourself. And then, one day, when I was 12, I guess to prove it, he cleaned out the family bank account and disappeared. I've lived my life by that rule ever since. What's going on? I'm gonna ask you some questions, and I need you to be honest. I've always been honest with you. That's not what I heard. Is that coming from Quayle? Let's consider the source. Quayle's been lying to us from the beginning about his relationship with Geronimo. All of us, unless you already knew that Geronimo was just some Green Zone advertising executive. This isn't about Quayle. Have you ever given Will information on our cell? Are you seriously asking me that after everything I have done? You killed Vasquez. You put me in that situation. What else would you do if someone put a gun to Will's head? I've been clear from the beginning that my family comes first. Yeah. Everything I have is on the line right now because of you. I came to this cause because of you, because I believed you were the one person I knew who might be able to make a difference. And then you bring me up here, and you question my loyalty. Katie, wait. Let me take you home. I'll walk. It's not safe. [scoffs] I'll take my chances. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [click] Keith. Looking for your mom. [three knocks] [three knocks] Back here. [country music] ♪ ♪ Male announcer: Looking for new opportunities? Interested in bonus rations? Consider putting your skills to use in the Green Zone. The Authority is currently looking for everything from manual laborers to people with specialized skills. Rachel. We gotta talk. Announcer: Isn't it time you considered a career in the Green Zone? And now, back to the music. [country music resumes] What's going on? Quayle ordered me to take out Katie. Oh. I took her up to Griffith Park, but... Quayle thinks she's a double agent. I think he's wrong. This is a problem. Do you believe in him? Quayle? He taught me we can resist... that the RAPs may hold all the cards right now, but that if we are smart and resourceful, then we have a chance. What would you have done? Quayle would never ask me to pull the trigger. He knows who I am. Hmm. [radio chatter] Will Bowman, Division Five. You have en escort for me. [beeps] Just pull up and follow, sir. [soft music] ♪ ♪ All units report in. Clear. Reporting in. [radio chatter continues] Good morning, Will. [sighs] New place? It's called Hillhaven. Ingrid Bergman lived here once, I'm told. Bored of the other house? I keep a few different places. For convenience. Coffee? Not gonna turn that down. Thank you. I had to pull a lot of strings to get you access to the Rolodex. I hope it was worth it. I know who he is. What's his name? Depends on the day. Or whether he was working for the CIA, DOD, or a private contractor. Doing what? What do you think? So, we have a military-trained ex-mercenary sociopath leading the Resistance. Something like that. That's lovely. The drones zapped my Congressman, but they left this guy behind. Tell me you can find him. He ended up here for a reason. There must be some local connection. I'm gonna find it, and then I'm gonna find him. Krista, bring me the thing. This is for you. What is it? I know what you're going through. I have a daughter. She matters more to me than anything. Hey. What are you doing home? Poured you a drink. I need one? What's that? Good news. Where'd you get this? Snyder gave it to me. So they know where he is. Those assholes were close enough to take a picture of my son, and we still don't have him home? We know he's alive. We know that they're manipulating you with our baby, Will. So that you'll keep doing their dirty work. It's evil, what they're doing. You gotta get out from under their thumb. That's what I'm doing. But when I'm ready. On my terms. Look at him, Katie. He's growing up alone. [dramatic music] Please don't touch the art. Excuse me? Charlotte wants you to manage the correspondence today. What? You put me back on envelope duty? Brett will set you up. Charlotte, I don't understand. No, apparently you don't. You serve at my pleasure. Whatever I've been kind enough to give you, I can take back just as quickly. Like the medical care we're providing for your son. I would never to anything to jeopardize my position with you. Well, you did. Maddie, what are you doing here? Your wife just threatened to fire me and take away my son's insulin. Why would she do that? I refused to f*ck you so you f*cked me instead? That about right? I said nothing. I know all of this, it's just a big game to you people, but this job, my son, that is my life. Do you have any idea what your wife is involved in? Because I do, and I promise you, it will not improve your position in the Political Wing, so I suggest you fix this. Look, Charlotte's reckless. That used to turn me on, but I am tired of trying to convince her that we live in a totally different world now. You know, sometimes I wonder what would happen if fate took its course, you know, maybe I'd be better off if she were forced to face the consequences of her actions. I need a partner who's smart, capable, and discreet. Someone I can trust. Find anything? No. Stop asking. What kind of databases did you manage in the private sector? Relationships. Criminal profiling, that sort of thing? More like the online dating sort of thing. Wait, what? You were a matchmaker? I oversaw 17 million people who were looking for that one other person in the entire universe who might understand them. It taught me everything I need to know about the human condition. Well, that explains a lot. Oh, ha ha ha. Yo, got something. What? How 'bout real, live physical evidence? [water splashing] [door opens] Katie? Will? We need to talk. I'm kinda talked out, love. Yeah, I know. But this is important. The guy that had a gun on you in the Yonk? We just found out he's been in there before. What? We pulled a set of fresh prints off the front door. It matched a bunch of older ones on the bar and in the bathroom. There's a decent chance that you've at least seen his face. Look familiar? I don't know. Think hard. He was an ex-government hit man. He sold out to a military contractor. Now he's a stone-cold killer. He took out the cell responsible for the Santa Monica Gateway bombing, just so they wouldn't talk. Executed Phyllis and her husband in their own home. And he almost killed me and you in the Yonk. Look at his face. Anything you can remember could help. I think I may have seen him. He used to come into the bar. Talked a few times. He liked rye. He, um... I think he lived at his mother's house in Hancock Park. He said he used to like working on the place. Does that help? Yeah, yeah, I think it does. Thanks. Found it. I cross-indexed all the I.D.s with credit card payments made to home improvement stores in LA. A few months before the Arrival, Home Depot delivered a bunch of building supplies to that address in Hancock Park. Who lived in the house? Harriet Broussard. She died during the Arrival. She had a son who enlisted in the Marines. Force Recon. And then, he dropped off the map. Name? Eric Broussard. Nice. We got him. Hey. I got your message. Did you know Broussard killed the cell responsible for the Gateway bombing? Yes. I thought we were gonna help them hide. Quayle decided they were too much of a risk. Is that what Quayle decided about me? That I'm too much of a risk? What are you talking about? Broussard took me up to Griffith Park. Wasn't for the view. You're being paranoid. Please. I am inexperienced. I am not naive. Quayle is a pragmatist. You? No. But I can't argue with your instincts. I came to them because I believe in this cause... And they're just gonna throw me away. Broussard didn't go through with it. You're still standing here. Is that supposed to make me feel better? A cause needs all sorts of people, Katie. It need soldiers like Broussard who can pull the trigger, and it needs people like you. Why? What purpose do I serve? Other than spying on my husband? Broussard needs you to remind him why he's fighting. To keep him away from the edge. He really does trust you, Katie, which is incredible, because that man doesn't trust anybody. I know. [line ringing] Come on. [phone rings] Damn it. [ringing] Yeah. He's coming for you. [dial tone] [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ Entry is clear. Let's go. Go, go, go, go! I'll check upstairs. [overlapping shouting] K-9 unit in back. [overlapping shouting] Bathroom clear! Kitchen clear! Bedroom one, clear! Bedroom two, clear! [sighs] Hey. You seen your neighbor today? Uh... nope. I haven't. Sorry. [intense music] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 