Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Ancient, Chinese, Secret - Backstrom 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Ancient, Chinese, Secret https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=169&t=16730 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/27/15 03:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Ancient, Chinese, Secret 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You know, Chinatown freaks me out. 
 Yeah, me, too. 
 I don't like seeing faces on the stuff I eat. 
 I don't like watching one country buy up another country, then make tiny versions of itself inside every city. 
 Maybe they have a United States of Americatown in China. 
 You know, you take tinier steps, this stupid pedometer doesn't even notice. 
 Yeah, it makes you look like you got to pee. 
 Is that made in China? 
 Good point. They got mostly short legs there. 
 Short legs take short steps. 
 Don't be racist, Moto. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 Oh. 
 Ooh, ooh, ooh. Yuck. 
 The victim was identified by his twin sister as Davis Gu, age 27, proprietor of this establishment. 
 Claimed to be a psychic. 
 What happened here? 
 Ah. 
 Well, here's what the blood-spatter patterns tell us so far. 
 Here we go. 
 It was after midnight last night when the victim hears a knock on the door. 
 He sees who it is and he unlocks it even though there's a sign reading "closed." 
 He moves further into the store when stab! 
 In the upper back, but the victim is fast. 
 He turns and he flings up both of his arms... slash, stab, slash. The victim, bleeding from both of his arms and the gash to his cheek, runs for this sword in hopes of defending himself, but before he can reach it, the killer strikes again... stab! Stab! 
 Now he's in trouble. 
 Now he's in trouble? 
 The victim stands here, punctured lung, perforated kidney, losing strength. 
 But not the will to live. 
 Turns, slash, slash, stab. Victim goes down. 
 He kicks. He kicks again. 
 The weapon skitters across the floor. 
 See the streaks of blood? 
 The victim drags himself away, weak from loss of blood. 
 The assailant, meanwhile, regains the weapon, drags the victim, pulls him into the middle of the room, and then he just... koo, koo, koo, koo, koo, koo!... stabs his way up from the belly to the throat. 
 [Sighs] 
 That's at least the way that I see it. 
 Twin sister, who also works as a psychic, found the body when she came in after 9:00. 
 Okay, wait a minute. I have a very important question. 
 Did everybody already do the jokes about psychics not seeing it coming? 
 'Cause I don't want to repeat anything. 
 Did you find the murder weapon? 
 No. 
 Gravely is supervising a neighborhood canvass. 
 [Scoffs] She should look for suckers. 
 Fake psychic gives a fake fortune to the wrong guy. 
 Where's his sister? 
 In back. 
 Davis and I, we're twins. 
 You have one of those things where you felt your brother's death? 
 No. Unlike Davis, I have no psychic ability unless I utilize the ci qiu. 
 The... 
 Almond : Did your brother have a beef with any of his clients recently? 
 Not that I knew. 
 What about triad gang stuff? 
 He miss any payments? 
 No. Our business is legitimate. 
 Very few triads still exist. [Sniffles] 
 And the preferred method of execution is blinding, followed by slow hanging from a piano wire. 
 Not what happened here. 
 Oh. 
 You and your brother are rip-off artists. 
 So why don't you drop this whole oriental mystical crap and help me find who diced and sliced your brother? 
 My brother and I are the grandchildren of go dawei, a famous tongji. 
 Oh, I-I... 
 I thought you were Chinese. You look Chinese. 
 Tongji means "medium." 
 We can communicate with spirits beyond the grave. 
 Okay. 
 Then why don't you ask your brother who killed him? 
 Because she needs the Cheech and Chong. 
 Ci qiu. 
 Ci qiu. 
 Cheech char... 
 Ci qiu. 
 Chow chee. 
 Okay. Show us. 
 Niedermayer, check this out. 
 Ms. Go is gonna tongji the Cheech-Chong. 
 The ci qiu. This is not gonna be pleasant. 
 [Shouts in foreign language] 
 Moto : Whoa. Okay. 
 Lady. 
 Are we just gonna let her do that? 
 Niedermayer. 
 Huh? 
 Any chance that's the murder weapon? 
 No, it wouldn't explain the slashes. 
 [Shrieking] 
 [Sobs] 
 I have a message from grandfather to the police. 
 Quick. Somebody write this down. 
 He says, "the answer lies behind the red door." 
 The red door? 
 Behind the red door, huh? 
 We were actually looking for a name. 
 He has one more message. What is it? 
 "Two worlds will collide." 
 Yeah, the worlds of moo shu pork and my mouth. 
 Congratulations. You finally got one right. 
 Okay, that was all pretty weird. 
 I mean, twins are weird, anyway, but smacking themselves with bloody nail balls. 
 So, uniforms are checking the sewers for a knife, and no one saw a man soaked in blood walking around the neighborhood last night. 
 Uh, maybe it was a ghost. 
 Or maybe he got into a car. 
 Thank you, Gravely, for not being crazy and believing in nonsense. 
 Oh, I believe in ghosts. I saw one once. 
 Stop talking. 
 I was by myself, and it was a creepy little girl. 
 It was a mirror. 
 Okay, guys, when we solve this case, it's not gonna involve demons or voices from the great beyond. 
 It's gonna be about greed and jealousy. 
 You know, the stuff from regular homicides. 
 Plus, extra added bonus... any fakes we catch, we'll turn into the fraud unit. 
 And we'll find them behind a red door. 
 Why a red door? 
 The victim's grandfather spoke from beyond the grave and said, "the answers lie behind a red door." 
 Really, Moto? 
 Like that one? That one? 
 That one or that one? Or that one? 
 We're in Chinatown. There's red doors everywhere. 
 [Shouting in Chinese] 
 Okay. Sorry. Here. They're perfectly good noodles. 
 [Speaking Chinese] Noodles! 
 [Shouts in Chinese] 
 Well, lieutenant, two worlds collided just like she said. 
 Gravely : And look behind you. Red door. 
 Okay. 
 Stop it. 
 There's no such thing as psychics. 
 A red door is a code for something the sister was afraid to talk about. 
 We find out what, we'll find our killer. 
 Oh, God. 
 What? 
 Just noodles. 
 S01E06 
Ancient, Chinese, Secret 
 Celia Gu has a confirmed alibi. 
 She was at an all-night tongji ritual at the time of her brother's death. 
 You know, this is terrifying, this object. 
 I don't understand how anyone would beat herself off with this. 
 [Chuckles] The tongji ritual symbolizes a deadening of the body, which frees the spirit to travel. 
 Much of traditional Chinese religion is about ancestor worship, so fortunetellers and spirit guides are revered because they're able to convey the messages of the dead to the living. 
 What... what's that? 
 His ghostly eyes were following me. 
 Have you had a personal experience with the occult, Gravely? 
 I had a tarot card reading in college that was so spot-on, I couldn't sleep for weeks. 
 Was it about a boyfriend cheating on you or your parents' divorce? 
 Oh, my God. 
 Are you psychic, Paquet? 
 No. I went to college. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You know, there is a photo on Davis Gu's Portland annual review page of a traditional Chinese astrology wheel. 
 But it appears nowhere on the crime-scene photos. 
 Yeah, look at that. 
 There's a blank space where the wheel should be. 
 So perhaps the murder happened in the course of a robbery. 
 You know, an old astrology wheel like this would be worth a fortune, so we should... we should find out where it went. 
 That's very good, Paquet. 
 Did you check the reviews, see if there were any particularly angry clients? 
 Yes, I did, and he got mostly four stars. 
 But there was one dissatisfied customer. 
 "This fraud ruined my life. 
 He should be the one speaking from the beyond." 
 Albert Reid. Angry. 
 That's really very good, Paquet. 
 Thank you. 
 Okay, you two, just word of warning... you're not fooling anyone. 
 That is not true. 
 Okay, well, you're not fooling everyone. 
 I will locate Albert Reid. 
 Niedermayer, you get the lieutenant and Almond up to date. 
 Reid : Yeah, I gave go a bad review. 
 Psychics are supposed to help, not ruin your life. 
 Almond : Well, you called him a fraud. 
 And a conman. 
 Well, the lieutenant thinks all psychics are frauds. 
 That is not the case. 
 You've left 11 comments about 11 psychics online in the last 2 months. 
 I believe in giving feedback. 
 11 psychics? 
 You must be awfully worried about your future. 
 Did any of them foresee that you would lose a fight? 
 I got mugged last night. 
 What time? 
 Around midnight in Chinatown. 
 Really? 
 You got smacked around at the same time Davis Gu was fighting off his killer? 
 Wait. Davis Gu's dead? 
 [Sighs] 
 "This fraud ruined my life." 
 These are your words. 
 "He should be the one speaking from the beyond." 
 That is called issuing a public threat. 
 It wasn't a threat. It was a review. 
 I was a loyal client until Davis told me and my girlfriend Mae Lin that I was a water rabbit and she was a fire snake. 
 Obviously the snake would eventually consume the rabbit. 
 Well, obviously. 
 So Mae Lin took that to mean that we didn't have a future together, so she left me. 
 I'm a hot Asian girl. 
 I dump my boyfriend 'cause I find someone less stupid to help me get my green card. 
 He blames it on the fortuneteller. 
 No. False. 
 Mae Lin came back when she discovered I'm actually a fire rabbit and she's an earth snake. 
 That's totally compatible. 
 You look like a fire rabbit. 
 Found out how? 
 Another lady... Lady Mah. 
 She has true sight. 
 She even told me Davis is a fraud. 
 Well, so much for professional courtesy. 
 No one hates a con like another con. 
 Well, here's my prediction from the future. 
 If your mugging story doesn't hold up in the light, you will spend the rest of your life in the dark. 
 [Laughs] That's good. That's good. 
 [Laughs] 
 [Siren wails] 
 Ah. Gentlemen. 
 So, Davis Gu died from multiple sharp force injuries to the thoracic cavity. 
 Now, overkill usually indicates a crime of passion, but in this case, it was a necessity. 
 Gu's muscle mass indicates that he was a very strong man, a difficult adversary. 
 I'll check Reid's alibi. 
 Uh, the medical examiner said that the weapon is a serrated blade. 
 Every time you say "the medical examiner says," that means you disagree with him. 
 I don't know. 
 It's just, every time the weapon is withdrawn, the tissue is... 
 Okay. Ugh. 
 Just let me know when you got it figured out. 
 Sir. [Groans] 
 Davis Gu's personal effects. 
 I went through his wallet, and I found cash, old business cards, and... these. 
 Pay stubs from a laundry? 
 Yes, sir. Three checks, 5 grand each. 
 Have Paquet check it out. 
 Hmm. 
 Money laundering. 
 What? 
 It's where you take money you got in a bad way and you try to make it look like you got it in a good way. 
 I know that. I just don't know how you know that by glancing at a few old check stubs. 
 Well, see, the check numbers here are very close in sequence, indicating an absence of documented payouts from the issuer. 
 So, all the checks are written at once? 
 Yes. 
 Or even more likely, these checks are hardly ever used. 
 Well, lots of Chinatown runs on a cash-only basis. 
 Hmm. 
 In my opinion, these checks are a paper trail left on purpose. 
 So the business itself is a money-laundering operation? 
 I have a source at the FBI who can help. 
 You already sound like a source. 
 Oh. No, I'm not. 
 The science of money laundering is just one of my many talents. 
 Almond : Albert Reid filed a mugging report last night. 
 Backstrom : Was he drenched in blood when the cops showed? 
 No, they got there this morning. He'd already showered. 
 There have been a rash of muggings in the area lately. 
 By "lately," you mean since the dawn of time? 
 Margaret Ann Latrell. Lady Mah for short. 
 She's not Chinese. She's got an afro. 
 Are you Lady Mah? 
 Yes, and I am many things. Chinese is but one of them. 
 Oh. 
 Well, we are also many things. 
 Cops is but one of them. 
 We're investigating the murder of Davis Gu. 
 I know. 
 You know because you killed him. 
 No. Because I had a vision. 
 Hmm. Three nights ago. 
 Oh, really? 
 So, what number is he thinking of? 
 7. 
 Maybe. Maybe not. 
 Most men think 7. 
 Uh-huh. 
 There are many tricks of the trade, and Davis needed them all. 
 Oh, because he's a sham and you're not? 
 Oh, she's a sham, too. 
 You didn't come here to question my clairvoyant abilities. 
 You got that right. 
 Hey, Almond. 
 What's this? 
 Davis Gu's astrology wheel missing from the crime scene. 
 You're staring at those autopsy photos as though they can speak. 
 I don't think the medical examiner's right about the murder weapon. 
 See, these wounds, they're vicious, they're jagged. 
 The flesh is torn. 
 Nadia : Hmm. 
 Well, a serrated blade would tear flesh. 
 But it wouldn't pull out tissue. 
 See? 
 Hmm. 
 Okay, so what would do that? 
 A fish-cutting knife with a hook at the end of the blade. 
 Then that's the weapon. 
 You're welcome. 
 All right, so heavenly laundry's income and expenses are pretty reasonable for a small business. 
 I mean, the cash intake is high, but not out of the ordinary. 
 And the costs and gross receipts are also pretty normal on a relative basis. 
 How are you gonna get a warrant? 
 Oh, by highlighting the transaction numbers. See? 
 Yeah. Sure. Definitely. 
 Transaction numbers. What does it mean? 
 Okay, a business this size would never have so many transactions, so this is how we know there are illegal goings-on. 
 So, you bought the wheel from the victim? 
 From his sister, Celia, two weeks ago. 
 I still have the receipt. 
 Why would she sell it to you? 
 Davis not only had no natural talent, but he never bothered to study the astrological signs. 
 He couldn't even read Chinese. It was embarrassing to Celia. 
 So she killed him. 
 No. She wouldn't do that. 
 I... [Thunder rumbles] 
 I have a different theory. 
 Let's hear it. 
 The wheel is a Gu family artifact. 
 Selling it offended the spirits of his ancestors. 
 I believe that Davis was killed by his grandfather's ghost. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Groans] 
 No such thing as ghost murderers or astrological signs or Dalai Lamas. 
 I'll get a warrant, search her place for the murder weapon. 
 Hey, kid! I don't want that. 
 Better be for a dinner special! 
 "Do you feel lucky?" On Couch Street. 
 Look at that. It's got a red door, too. 
 What do you think? Brothel? 
 Brothel? 
 I'm gonna hand it into vice. 
 Get your mind out of the gutter, Almond. 
 Pervert. 
 Thank you. 
 One of those nights, huh? 
 My best suspect is a Chinese ghost. 
 The victim is a fortuneteller. 
 All the witnesses are psychics. 
 Everywhere I look, it's scammers scamming. 
 I was a psychic for two weeks. 
 Why does that not surprise me? 
 Did pretty well, too. It's easy pickings. 
 People only ever ask about two things... love or money. 
 You figure out which means more to them. 
 You advise them gently in that direction, they'll give you their whole damn life savings. 
 So why'd you quit? 
 I have a naturally mocking face, and it started to give me a headache pretending that I was sincere all the time. 
 [Laughs] 
 I should bring you down to Chinatown with me as an expert. 
 You know I can't go to Chinatown. 
 Oh, okay. Well, now you know I cannot go to Chinatown. 
 I may or may not have promised to procure an ancient scroll written by the legendary Chinese General Guan Yu for a scary mobster type who paid up front. 
 [Clicks tongue] 
 Yeah. 
 I tell you, though. I really miss Chinatown. 
 Speaking of which... 
 What do you know about this brothel? 
 Uh... Enough to know it's not a brothel. 
 It says "Get lucky." 
 It says "Feel lucky." 
 It's an underground gambling den behind a fluff-and-fold laundry. 
 Down in the basement filled with suckers. 
 You can't miss it. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Fantastic. 
 A money laundry... with a red door. 
 Hey, don't touch that button. 
 It's not a red door. 
 Leave no stone unturned, Moto. 
 Every gambling den's got a symbol lets the lowlifes know it's safe to come inside. 
 [Loud chatter] 
 Almond : Don't move. 
 Everyone, hands where I can see them! 
 Get over there! 
 Everybody, don't move! It's the police! 
 Gravely : Dominic Chan, please identify yourself. 
 Everyone, relax. 
 This is a private party. 
 You got a lot of friends. 
 Nobody move, not even a twitch, or the enormous black man and the ginger dwarf will shoot. 
 Is that a warrant? 
 As a matter of fact, it is, and it covers everything... wallpaper, tiles, books, strip searches. 
 Nope. No strip searches. 
 No strip searches. Everything else, though. 
 Somebody call a paddy wagon. 
 And get me someone who can mirandize in mandarin. 
 [Indistinct] 
 Can I help you? 
 Special Agent Jacob Cole with the FBI's organized crime division. 
 Has this visit got anything to do with us busting an illegal gambling den in Chinatown? 
 I'm here as a favor to Nadia. 
 She called me about Dominic Chan. 
 You called the FBI? 
 I have experts in many walks of life. 
 Jacob applies on this walk. 
 Dominic Chan's a small-time operator, no ties to organized crime. 
 He's been running a gambling ring for a year. 
 The Chinese laundry is how he scrubs his profits. 
 So how come you never arrested him? 
 We messed up one of your long-term undercover stings. 
 Yes. But to be honest, it wasn't going anywhere. 
 Jacob says he'd be all right if we popped Dominic Chan for murder. 
 Oh, Jacob said that? Oh, well, thank goodness you're checking our work with the FBI, Nadia. 
 Oh, you're very welcome. 
 So, did the name Davis Gu come up during your investigation? 
 Yeah. Your murder victim. 
 He was definitely a known associate. 
 He was a known associate who Chan was paying $5,000 a week. 
 We didn't know that. 
 I can tell you that Chan's establishment was heavily rigged for the house, even more than usual. 
 Virtually impossible for anyone to win. 
 If Davis Gu was involved, that's the sort of thing that can get a guy killed. 
 So you admit to knowing Davis Gu? 
 Of course. 
 Did he ever gamble at your establishment? 
 I have no establishment. [Scoffs] 
 Merely some friends who drop by and play a friendly game. 
 Why'd you pay Davis Gu? 
 He was a personal adviser on various matters. 
 I will be lost without him. 
 He wasn't an adviser. 
 He was a shill. 
 Oh, and by the way, found that on the windshield of our car. 
 A child put it there. 
 I'm a fake fortuneteller. 
 I soften up the biggest suckers with tales of big money luck. 
 Then I plant this flyer, sending them to my friend's illegal gambling den. 
 You and Gu were partners. 
 It's quite a scam you got going. 
 Successful, too, if you're writing 15 grand in checks. 
 [Chuckles] If you believe that, then you'd also believe I'd be insane to kill him. 
 Chinese mob guy like this with a partner dead, there's no way there's not some guy with his eyes gouged out hanging from piano wire. 
 [Chuckles] You are suggesting I'm triad. 
 You give me too much credit, lieutenant. 
 I'm but a simple man. 
 And simple men need their attorneys to speak for them. 
 I should call mine, don't you think? 
 [Sighs] 
 These are Dominic Chan's gambling ledgers? 
 Yes. 
 How can you tell? 
 This looks like Chinese to me. 
 Like, literally, this is in Chinese. 
 It's code. It's pictograms and symbols. 
 Dominic Chan told us it was his salsa recipe. 
 How do you think they know each other? 
 Who? Paquet and the fed? 
 I don't know. Maybe he was stationed in France. 
 Hey, we cracked the code! 
 Yep. [Laughs] Good job. 
 Wow. So, here is a partial list of the gamblers who owed money. 
 It'll take me some time to decipher the rest, but this is a good start. 
 Oh, and the lieutenant's theory is correct because the names in red are also known clients of Davis Gu. 
 Wait, wait, wait. How did you break the code? 
 Okay, so these symbols are homonyms for the last names of the gamblers. 
 For example, this heart here represents the Chinese word "zhong," which means "heart," but also sounds like the word "bell," which is the last name of this particular gambler. 
 And the Chinese numbers here are pai gow tile pairings indicating the amount owed in thousands. 
 So Dominic Chan was making a lot of money from this business arrangement, and if Davis Gu died, then his whole revenue stream would dry up. 
 So no motive. 
 Well, there is if you're a gambler who's been taken to the cleaners. 
 Ha! And in this case, the gambling den is literally the cleaners. 
 [Both laugh] 
 Okay, as I was saying, one of the angry gamblers might have killed go for setting him up. 
 Hmm, that is a weak motive. 
 Why? 
 Well, even if Davis Gu is dead, the debt is still owed to Dominic Chan. 
 It's not rational. 
 Well, people are not rational. 
 They get angry and take revenge even if they don't get anything out of it. 
 Whoa. That was so cynical. 
 Backstrom is rubbing off on me. 
 Hmm, sadly, you also sound correct. 
 
 
 
 [Knock on door] 
 Hey. 
 We're running down the biggest losers from Chan's gambling den, see who has alibis and who doesn't. 
 Okay. 
 The ledger says some of the gamblers lost up to 100 grand. 
 Okay. 
 Lieutenant? 
 This picture points to a big fight. 
 Every fight's got two stories. 
 Well, we know that Gu lost that fight. 
 But we don't know that he didn't start it. 
 Look at this. [Clears throat] 
 This rug, see? 
 Yeah. 
 Been rolled up and shoved aside. 
 Forensics crew didn't do that? 
 No. 
 There's blood spatters on the outside of the carpet. 
 So you're saying Davis Gu rolled up the carpet before he was killed? 
 Yeah. 
 Wow. 
 He knew a murder was gonna happen. 
 I'm Gu. I want someone dead. I invite them over. 
 I roll up the rug for easier cleanup. 
 Somehow they get the drop on me. 
 Yeah, but Gu wouldn't kill a gambler. 
 No. Not one of the players that he was ripping off. 
 But what if someone was ripping off him and Chan? 
 A big winner? 
 Maybe. Someone scamming the scammers. 
 That's a short list. 
 Here we go. One big winner. 
 Over 100 grand over 2 days. 
 Huh. 
 Jinjing Fei. 
 Bring him in. 
 You got it. 
 [Knock on door] Lieutenant. 
 What? 
 This is Jimmy. 
 He said you wanted to see him. 
 Jimmy who? 
 My American name is Jimmy. 
 My Chinese name is Jinjing Fei. 
 No way. 
 Wait. The guy we were just talking about. 
 Yeah. 
 You wanted to see me. I'm here. 
 He brought this. 
 [Chuckles] That fits the description of the murder weapon. 
 It's the reason you want to see me. 
 Kid's kind of small to do that much damage. 
 Could explain the ferocity of his attack. 
 Why would he turn himself in? 
 So, you're a psychic. 
 Psychic enough to know that you don't believe me when I say that I'm psychic. 
 Okay, so what am I thinking right now? 
 That you need a new bra. 
 Okay, that is actually what I was thinking beneath what I was thinking. 
 Oh, stop it. 
 Is this the murder weapon? Huh? 
 Yes. 
 You know who did the murder? 
 Yes. 
 But until you guys figure it out for yourself, you won't believe me anyway. 
 You were the only person to have ever beat the house at Dominic Chan's gambling den. 
 You know, that place is totally rigged. 
 So, what? You used your psychic powers to cheat the cheaters? 
 That is correct. 
 So, how come you're not the one who's dead? 
 He's psychic. 
 Come on. 
 I'm you. 
 I'm a cocky, little psychic kid who thinks he sees the future. 
 And the future tells me Davis Gu is gonna kill me, so I stop by and I kill him first. 
 I'm you... 
 A lonely, depressed kite maker who would drink himself to death out of boredom if there weren't evil people out in the world trying to outsmart him. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Chuckles] 
 Kind of have some strange abilities yourself. 
 Limited, but strong. 
 Like a blind man seeing in the dark. 
 Seeing the very worst in everyone. 
 This way of viewing the world is dangerous, and it will lead to failure and death. 
 [Pounds wall] Hey. 
 Did you see that coming?! Hmm?! 
 Lieutenant! 
 Okay, where are you getting your information from? 
 I'm one of the super psychics of China. 
 That sounds very important. 
 [Knock on door] 
 That guy will fill you in. 
 L-lieutenant, the Chinese government runs a psychic training program to hone the skills of gifted young children, and I believe that he is one of those gifted children. 
 I'm... I'm surprised your government let you out. 
 They didn't. 
 But when you can see the future, it's easy to get away. 
 Okay... hey... this is for John, Frank, you, Nicole, Peter, Everett, and lastly, Aurelie. 
 Aurelie? 
 [Chuckles] I'm sorry. 
 Nadia. 
 Go ahead. Compare. 
 I'll wait. 
 This better be good. 
 Freak. 
 All right. Almond. 
 You. And Moto. 
 Ah. 
 All right. Who's up? 
 Go ahead, Niedermayer. You go. I'm not going. 
 All right. I'll go, you big babies. 
 He'll go. 
 Um, "the silence is broken. The heart will now mend." 
 [Chuckles] 
 I haven't spoken to my daughter in four years. 
 [Sighs] 
 She called me yesterday. 
 Coincidence. 
 Gravely? 
 "You are making the exact same mistake for the third time." 
 What does that mean? 
 It's true, it's about a guy, and I don't want to discuss it. 
 Please don't. What about you, anchorman? 
 Okay, um... [Clears throat] 
 "The love of your life... is keeping a very big secret." 
 Hmm. 
 Whoa. Okay. Wow. 
 You two? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. 
 Oh, that is so unprofessional! 
 Well, mine says, "your dreams will elude you, but not forever." 
 My dreams are to get out of uniform and into plainclothes. 
 Well, prophecy's obviously wrong 'cause that's never gonna happen, so... 
 Paquet. 
 Nadia : Oh. Um... 
 "He is still looking for you." 
 Gravely : Wow. Who? 
 You know, this holds absolutely no meaning to me, so... Lieutenant? 
 We've wasted enough time on this hooey. Come on. 
 Almond! 
 All right. 
 So, we're convinced of your mighty, mighty psychic powers. 
 Now tell us who killed Davis Gu. 
 It was me. I killed him before he could kill me. 
 Exactly how many steps ahead are you thinking? 
 [Sighs] Lieutenant, just a thought. 
 If we hold Jimmy on suspicion of murder, then he can't be deported back to China, which is the main thing he wants. 
 Well, then, let's give Jimmy what he wants. 
 Read him his rights. Get him a lawyer. 
 This case is closed. 
 Who's still looking for you? 
 Oh, like the lieutenant said, that was all hooey. 
 A Chinese boy pulling a scam because he doesn't want to go back to China. 
 I'm not psychic, but I'm pretty observant. 
 You have a sophisticated knowledge of money-laundering operations that doesn't fit in with anything I know about you or your background. 
 The FBI consults... 
 Okay, look, the most important thing right now is to discover if the knife that the boy brought to us is the actual murder weapon. 
 Nadia. 
 If you're in trouble, you don't need to look any further. 
 I will do whatever needs to be done to help. 
 [Siren wails] 
 Oh, God! don't do that. 
 Do they just let you in now? 
 Pretty much. 
 Listen, uh... [Clears throat] 
 Dominic Chan is the guy I may or may not have ripped off. 
 Well, good news for you. 
 We just arrested him for running an illegal gambling den. 
 Oh, great. That'll keep him on ice for what, another six hours? 
 Look, if you wouldn't mind putting down your emphysema phallus, would you give this to him for me, please? 
 That's your thing, huh? 
 Yes. 
 Why don't you just sell it to someone else? 
 Nobody wants it, or I would. 
 So, let me get this straight... you want me to give that to Dominic Chan so that you can go back to Chinatown? 
 Yeah, I'm just like everybody else. 
 I like a little gaysian now and again. 
 Oh, no. 
 Valentine. 
 Niedermayer. 
 [Sighs] Will you two stop gaying up my personal private quiet space? 
 So, we completed the forensic analysis on the hooked dagger that Jimmy brought us. 
 It's the murder weapon, but not the murder weapon. 
 Wow. How Buddhist. 
 What are you talking about? 
 The dagger is a perfect match for the puncture wounds found on the victim. 
 However, there was no blood residue found on the weapon at all. 
 Could he have cleaned it? 
 No, 'cause the other residue that dates back before the murder makes that impossible. 
 Let me see that thing. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Yeah, song dynasty hooked dagger. 
 They replicate these things all over Chinatown. 
 So the killer used a mass-produced weapon to throw us off the trail. 
 See, this is an actual replica. 
 It's got weight to it. 
 It's not flimsy like the stuff you buy at the nickel and yuan. 
 There's only one guy who sells those. 
 Black-market type. Goes by the name of Tiny. 
 Where's his store? 
 In his van. 
 He always parks in the same place. 
 And I can draw you a map. 
 [Sighs] 
 Moto : You know, this street doesn't even have a name. 
 We're looking for a man named Tiny, which I assume is a nickname that he's actually very large. 
 Hold on. 
 Or not. 
 Tiny? 
 I didn't do anything, so you can keep your gun in your holster. 
 Yeah, we're gonna ask to see your knives, so I'm just gonna keep my hand on my gun. 
 I got you covered, Niedermayer. 
 What are you looking for? 
 A hooked dagger. 
 That there is an illegal weapon. 
 I can assure you, Mr. Tiny, our interests lay not in your inventory, but in your clientele. 
 What the hell does that mean? 
 It means that if you don't show us what we want to see, we'll bust you. 
 Oh. 
 Okay. 
 Very good. I'm gonna show you some photographs of some people. 
 You stop me if you sold any one of them a hooked dagger. 
 What is that? No. 
 No. 
 I got to tell you, I'd lie about Dominic Chan, anyway. 
 Are you lying this time? 
 No. But I would, is what I'm saying. 
 You don't mess with that guy. 
 Yeah. Him. 
 Came in a couple days ago. I sold him a dagger. 
 It's Albert Reid. 
 If it helps, I overcharged him. 
 No. It doesn't help. 
 I did not kill Davis Gu. 
 These symbols stand for the Chinese words for "sun" and "big." 
 "Ri" and "da." 
 Ri-da. 
 That sounds like "Reid" to me. 
 This puts you in the heavenly laundry gambling ring. 
 And you lost big. 
 $60,000. 
 We think Davis Gu sent you to the red door after telling you that the signs were auspicious. 
 And you trusted him and you gambled all your money. 
 Went back and hacked him with a knife. 
 This knife. 
 We found it in your apartment. 
 It's the murder weapon. 
 It's Reid. Forensics indicate that he was in possession of the actual murder weapon. 
 Yeah, but why did he do it? 
 Anger at being set up. 
 I'm 60 grand in hock. Why waste a murder on the shill? 
 Dominic Chan is still waiting there to collect the debt. 
 Oh, we all know that Reid's not the smartest guy in the world. 
 I am going to go get some coffee before Reid's lawyer gets here. 
 [Door opens] 
 I got a feeling we're wrong about this. 
 All due respect, lieutenant, you sound like a psychic. 
 I don't believe in psychics. 
 Neither does the justice system, so we have to stick to evidence. 
 Detective Almond. 
 Yeah? 
 Um, so, I've been thinking about what the psychic said to me. 
 Which one? 
 The Chinese from China kid. 
 He said that "your dreams will elude you, but not forever." 
 It's not the worst fortune I've ever heard. 
 Right. So I said to myself, I said, "take Detective Almond's advice. 
 Work hard. Prove yourself." 
 Backstrom said, "turn over every rock." 
 Moto, Moto. I have a lot of work to do. 
 The point? 
 Okay. So I started looking through the paperwork that we got from the laundry, and... 
 I found that. 
 Oh, good. Go get it translated. 
 Already did. 
 And it says... 
 "You will be betrayed by your partner." 
 That's right. 
 And you found it where? 
 Buried under a stack of ious made out to Dominic Chan. 
 If it was up to me, you'd be out of that uniform tomorrow. 
 Still have to write the exam. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I never would have taken you as someone that believed in psychics. 
 I don't. 
 Well, not scammers like Davis Gu and Lady Mah. 
 But real psychics like Jimmy, who was trained by the Chinese government. 
 I bet you'd bet on that. 
 Huh? 
 I'm you... a businessman with a plan. 
 I make a lot of money playing games, but my partner only gets a fraction of the profit. 
 Then I get a message from a reliable source. 
 My partner gets greedy. 
 He wants more and is gonna kill me to get it. 
 So I make a deal with Albert Reid. 
 He kills Davis Gu first, and in exchange, I forgive his gambling debt. 
 You can't prove that. 
 Hmm. 
 I'm Albert Reid, a moron with a gambling problem. 
 They tell me they're gonna execute me for murder unless I make a deal and implicate the man who made me do it. 
 Now, I'm no psychic, but I am a gambling man. 
 And all my money's on Albert Reid singing like a choir girl. 
 You want to take that bet? 
 It had my name on it. 
 Really? And he ate it anyway? 
 Yes. He ate it anyway. 
 Dog. 
 Bye. 
 The lieutenant ate my pizza. 
 Good night, guys. 
 You know you can't leave anything in the refrigerator with him around. 
 Aurelie. 
 So, I know that you were part of something that involved a money laundry, something you can't talk about. 
 And this man who is looking for you... 
 This man looking for me... 
 He's gonna find me. 
 And when he does, I'll have to run... alone and fast. 
 Until the day you decide to make a stand. 
 There is no standing against this man. 
 You're in witness protection? 
 I cannot be a football mother in Kansas. 
 But the FBI helped me establish a new identity. 
 And Agent Cole is my contact, someone I can trust. 
 You can trust me. 
 I just did. 
 With my life. 
 Look at that. 12,000 steps. 
 2,000 more than I needed. 
 Let me guess. 
 You did not give Dominic Chan my gift, did you? 
 Nope. 
 Oh, great. So I can never go to Chinatown. 
 I did one better. 
 I arrested him for soliciting murder. 
 What happened to your cute, little Asian psychic? 
 The D.A.'s trying to figure out whether or not to charge him as an accessory. 
 For what? Telling Chan that Davis Gu was gonna kill him? 
 [Scoffs] I don't know. 
 The kid seemed kind of cheerful, so maybe he foresaw it all working out for the best. 
 Oh, so you believe in psychics now. 
 Never in a million years. Here. 
 It's my fortune from Jim-Jim. 
 [Chuckles] Jimmy. 
 You haven't read it? 
 Of course not. 
 What? 
 Give me that. 
 "You won't see next Christmas." 
 It's a good thing you don't believe in it, huh? 
 Yeah. 
 Good thing. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 