Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - The Mystery of the Fateful Fire - The Mysteries of Laura 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - The Mystery of the Fateful Fire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=63&t=16055 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/15/15 01:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - The Mystery of the Fateful Fire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I know you did it. 
 Admit it now and this can be over. 
 I got nothing to admit to. 
 Yes, you do. You're a predator. 
 This is not my fault. 
 Oh, so now you're gonna blame the victim? 
 Uh-uh, buddy. That doesn't play. 
 You're done. 
 I swear to you on my mother's life... 
 Your mother! Shame on you. 
 You prey on parents. 
 Well, not anymore. 
 You're going to confess, or else. 
 Okay, I made a mistake. 
 You sure did. You short-changed me. 
 I gave you a $20, and you gave me change for a $5. 
 And it wasn't the first time. 
 My money, or you will never sell an overpriced latte again. 
 Do you have your receipt? 
 Voila. 
 (Sighs) 
 That was amazing. 
 I get a macchiato every day after drop-off. 
 There's no telling how much he's ripped me off. 
 You are my hero. 
 Well, tell my kids that. 
 This morning they said I was, "the worst mother in the world" because we ran out of milk and bread and toilet paper. 
 Nicholas and Harrison, right? 
 They're in Liam's class. 
 I'm his mom, Kate. 
 Oh. 
 I don't know how you do it. 
 Work full-time, raise twins... 
 Not to mention the winter carnival. 
 Wait. What, what? Back up. 
 Work, check. Twins, check. 
 What was that last thing that you said? 
 The school winter carnival on Friday. 
 You're doing the class booth, right? 
 (Laughs) Hell no. 
 I'm sure I saw your name on the sign-up sheet. 
 I was going to do it until I saw the class Pinterest page. 
 No way am I that crafty. 
 No! My son is in there. 
 My son is in there! My son is in there! Shawn! 
 (Screams) Shawn! 
 Shawn! 
 Oh! Oh, my God! Thank you! 
 Oh, my God, thank you. 
 Thank you! 
 (Coughing) 
 (Sirens wailing) 
 Oh, thank God. 
 Thank you. Thank you. 
 Please tell me that you did not sign me up for winter carnival. 
 I signed us both up at Back-to-school Night. You're welcome. 
 You said you wanted to be more involved. 
 Yes, by working drop-off line, or chaperoning a field trip. 
 Or anything that doesn't require a past life as a carpenter. 
 Come on, how bad could it be? 
 Oh, it's pretty bad. 
 Apparently, I have to design and construct a carnival booth, make a ring toss game, and snowman decorations. 
 Not to mention baking 200 snowman cookies for prizes. 
 Yes, that's right. 
 Me, baking. 
 Don't worry, I'm your co-pilot. 
 We'll rally together this weekend. 
 Oh, no, no, no. This carnival goes down in 48 hours. 
 There is no weekend. 
 Oops. 
 Damn right, oops. 
 How are we supposed to get this thing done? 
 We don't. You kick it back to the PTA, tell them you're not the kind of mom who bakes cookies, that are edible. 
 I can't back out. 
 Half the school gave me the cold shoulder when I flaked on that Halloween thing. 
 We were busy with real police work. 
 Nobody's gonna blame us for that. 
 No one will blame you. Dads get a free pass. 
 No one will judge you if our boys are eating gluten, or high-fructose corn syrup, or dirt. 
 I get it. I messed up. What do you want from me? 
 Two days vacation time. 
 I'm between cases. I can use it to nail operation winter carnival. 
 I say farm this winter carnival thing out, but if that's how you want to spend your vacation, go for it. 
 I want to spend my vacation time on a beach with trashy books, and a bottomless Mai Tai. 
 No, this is how I need to spend my vacation, thanks to you. 
 Max, can you pull up the Pin-interest page from the twins' class and explain to me what the hell a Pin-interest is? 
 Pinterest. 
 If Martha Stewart and Rachael Ray had an orgy at the craft store and posted photos online, Pinterest is their beautiful love-child. 
 (Max singing high note) 
 Please tell me you have a glue gun. 
 I've got a gun gun, which I may now use to kill myself. 
 Well then, I present to you your last meal, courtesy of your not-so-secret admirer, food truck Tony. 
 Aw. 
 Morning beautiful. Thought you could use some lobster tacos. 
 Ooh. 
 Who couldn't? 
 Sounds like a keeper. Angela Ryan, FDNY arson investigator. 
 Detective Laura Diamond. How can I help you? 
 Fire on Plymouth, unidentified body in the basement. 
 Per department protocol... 
 You need us to investigate so you can ID John Doe. 
 Okay, you can talk to... 
 Captain Jake Broderick! 
 Angela freaking Ryan! 
 I haven't seen you since your promotion, captain. 
 I don't know whether to salute you, or hug you. 
 Get over here. 
 Wait, is that Angela Angela? 
 Do we hate her? 
 Ex-girlfriend. No biggie. 
 We hate her. 
 I see you've met Laura. 
 This is Laura Laura? 
 Funny, Laura was just saying... 
 That's me. 
 I have heard so much about you. 
 Well, then maybe she told you she's out the door. 
 Vacation. Bad timing. 
 Yup. 
 I'm gonna need the glue gun back. 
 I have a sideline bedazzling jeans at Barneys. 
 Of course you do. 
 I have a pair, or three. 
 Max carnegie, investigative aid. 
 Way to rock that sweater vest! 
 Way to rock those fab suede boots! 
 Let's hit my office. Uh, Max, get us two coffees. 
 Extra cream for Angie. 
 Angela : You remembered. 
 Max : She's awesome. 
 Her boots are everything. 
 No, her boots say everything. 
 Like, "hi, I'm here to impress my ex." 
 Not that I care... Just make sure you keep me updated, so at least someone stays focused on the work. 
 I thought you were focused on the winter carnival. 
 I am. I'm really, I'm really fantastic at multi-tasking. 
 What's up, cap? Where's Laura? 
 Oh, she's taking a couple of personal days. 
 FDNY shares jurisdiction in light of the fire, so we'll be working together on this one. 
 Glad to meet you. 
 Billy. 
 Buzz on the second is that you guys are kicking butt. 
 Thanks for the props. 
 I like her. 
 Do you know what started this fire? 
 Building is a million years old. Maybe it was faulty wiring. 
 You sure our victim wasn't a tenant? 
 Very sure. 
 The building's set to be converted into condos soon. Everyone's moved out except Gloria Leighton and her son Shawn. 
 The boy who lived. 
 I read about the heroic rescue in the morning paper. 
 That's the hometown hero, Gil Carter. 
 He's got some stones on him. 
 Aw, man, you could smoke a ham in there. 
 Got to put in for hazard pay. Anybody want the nickel tour? 
 You two get the down-low, we'll go talk to the hero. 
 Sure. 
 All right. John Doe, Asian male, late teens. 
 Apparent cause of death, smoke inhalation. No wallet, no ID. 
 Any scars or tats? 
 Clean as a Tim McGraw ballad. 
 I'm a little bit country. 
 He's got this hot pepper smeared all over his hands, wrists, elbows. 
 Teenagers, man. Always up to their armpits in flaming hot cheetos. 
 I was there. Not much to work with. 
 Yeah, well, John Doe didn't have much. 
 Dead of winter and he's got no coat, no shoes, just socks and flip-flops. 
 He could be a squatter, a street kid. 
 Let's see if we can ID him the easy way. 
 You recognize him? 
 I've lived across the street for eight years. 
 Never seen him before. Wish to hell I'd known he was down in that basement. 
 Hi, this is Laura Diamond, Harrison and Nicholas' mom. 
 I was just calling to see if you could pitch in for the winter carnival. 
 You're helping the fifth graders? Can't they help themselves? 
 Well, we're all busy. 
 No, I'm not a new mom. Uh, we've been in the class the whole year. 
 I just missed the class copy. 
 New fall sing along. 
 Lunch duty. 
 Bite me. 
 Excuse me? 
 Just rhetorical. 
 The mom cavalry didn't come through. 
 You're an inspiration, especially the way you're handling the Jake and Angie reunion special. 
 Enough already, I don't care. This is me, not caring. 
 Absence of caring noted. Um, back to business. 
 They're canvassing for an ID on John Doe. 
 See if anybody remembers the world's messiest eater. 
 He had hot pepper all over his wrists. 
 Messy eaters, they spill on their faces, on their chests, on their... 
 Laps. Not on their wrists. 
 Wait a minute, my mom's arthritic bridge partner, Mrs. Han, used to rub pepper on her joints. 
 It's a Korean home remedy. 
 Maybe John Doe had tendonitis. 
 From what? He wasn't an athlete. 
 The guy didn't even wear sneakers. 
 He wore flip-flops and socks. Major fashion faux-pas. 
 Not for boys who play sports. 
 I bet he stashed his kicks somewhere. 
 Okay, this time of year sports means basketball. 
 Tell them to check all the closest courts for an ID. 
 On it. 
 (Grunting) 
 Max called in a lead based on his sports knowledge? Please. 
 In his world, the Super Bowl is crystal, and holds a large quinoa salad. 
 Laura. I knew she couldn't kick homicide cold turkey. 
 Glad she didn't. 
 Rough game. 
 NYPD. If you all could take a little time-out. 
 I need some help getting an ID here. 
 You're gonna need more than that to stop a game out here, little man. 
 Excuse me? I'm six feet. 
 Valiant effort, cap. 
 I might just have to dust off my skills. 
 Gain a little respect out here. 
 Easy now, white chocolate. 
 I'll have you know, I was all all-city. 
 Mmm-hmm. 
 (Cheering) 
 Whoa. Now that was sexy. 
 That was an impressive three, slim. 
 You know what impresses me? 
 Good Samaritans. Do you recognize him? 
 Aw man, yeah. He's here like, seven days a week. 
 Kevin Park, age 16. We already notified his mother. 
 She's devastated. Last time she saw him was Sunday night. They fought. 
 What about? 
 Basketball. He's a good kid, but he dug hoops more than trigonometry. 
 Who can blame him? Trigonometry is right up there with water-boarding and root-canal. 
 Really? Trig was my bitch. 
 Same. Come here. 
 Ah. 
 Explode it. 
 Pow! 
 Yes. 
 (Giggling) 
 Anyway, Kevin's parents told him he had to get his grades up or he was off the team, so he ran away. 
 I don't think it was an accident. 
 We narrowed down the fire's point of origin to a trash can on the second floor, outside of Gloria Leighton's apartment. 
 Yeah, it's a little hard to believe that a fire started accidentally outside the door of the last remaining tenant. 
 Even harder to believe when you discover that the trash can was full of accelerants. 
 Nail polish remover, paint thinner. 
 One match hits that flammable mess and... 
 Laura : Ow! 
 I got this. 
 No, I got this. I got this. 
 Ahem. 
 This is good. 
 Oh! don't mind me. 
 Packing peanuts make perfect snowflakes. 
 It's cheaper than craft world. 
 It's a solid story, but it still sort of seems like you're snooping on fire hottie. 
 Please! Why would I bother? 
 The victim's been ID'd. Case closed. 
 Fire hottie says it's arson, so case opened. 
 If it's arson, then the victim's death is a homicide. 
 New leads? Suspects? 
 Not yet. 
 Well, then Angela and the team should be out on the street working the case. 
 Oh, they will. But fire hottie wants to treat us to ramen burgers first. 
 (Laughing) 
 Befriending the co-workers. 
 It's all part of her plan. 
 So, by her, do you mean fire hottie? 
 Can you stop saying that? 
 I can try. How is it her plan? 
 She didn't start the fire. 
 No, but she's certainly trying to rekindle an old flame. 
 Thank you for coming in. 
 Since the fire's been ruled an arson, we need to re-interview all of the witnesses. 
 No problem. I'm happy to help. 
 Great. So, why don't you start by telling me what happened last night? 
 Uh, well I was, uh, down in the basement doing laundry, moving the wet clothes into the dryer when I smelled smoke. 
 I tried to get to Shawn, but there were flames everywhere. 
 I thank God every second, Gil was there to get my baby out alive. 
 So it's just you and Shawn who live there? No husband or boyfriend? 
 No, and no. Single mom. 
 So any idea who might've started the fire? 
 No "might've" about it. David Grant. 
 Slumlord is too kind a word. 
 He was trying to force everyone out so that he can flip the property. 
 Are you saying he threatened you? 
 No. 
 He's too much of a coward for that. 
 Just intimidation tactics. 
 Holes in the roof, rats in the basement, no heat, no AC. 
 Shawn and I just keep getting sick. 
 Sounds like a real scumbag. 
 You know what? It worked, because everybody else left, and I wanted to, I just couldn't afford to move. 
 Now she has to move, which gives the landlord motive for starting the fire. 
 Speaking of which, the fire lady is all over your territory. 
 The vending machine? 
 The office. 
 She's talking designer pantsuits with Meredith, Cuban music with Billy and she's working out of Jake's office. 
 Of course she is. 
 That woman is shameless. 
 She's been waiting to pounce for the last nine years. 
 More salaciousness, please. 
 Well, they just dated for a little while. 
 And then Angela went backpacking in south America, and Jake went into the Academy where he met me. 
 You stole her man. Heaven forefend. 
 Please. You can't leave a half-decent guy in New York City alone for three months, and expect him to still be there when you get back. 
 Although, I suspect that she's been regretting that trip for the last decade. 
 Who wouldn't? Backpacking is like pretending to be homeless. 
 Speaking of homeless, that supposed landlord lead? 
 It's not gonna pan out. He's gonna have an alibi. 
 According to Billy, the slumlord's got an iron-clad alibi. 
 He was at the fights in Atlantic city, in full view of dozens of witnesses. 
 Damn. 
 But the good news is the guy's a real douche. 
 Billy found dozens of tenant complaints. 
 The landlord's done everything he can to get his tenants out including turning off the heat, the hot water, letting cockroaches run wild. 
 But Gloria Leighton wouldn't leave. 
 So maybe he farmed out the dirty work to an arsonist, took himself off to some high profile event, smiled big for the paparazzi to cover his ass. 
 We find the firebug, get him to flip the b*st*rd, and then we take them both down. 
 57 known pyromaniacs whose mo match that fire. 
 I'll get everyone searching for the one with the possible connection to the landlord. 
 Thanks for lunch, though I have a feeling we'll be here till breakfast. 
 You wanna punk out, go ahead. 
 Everyone knows the police can handle the boring dirty work, unlike you FDNY glory hounds. 
 You are just bitter because we're in better shape. 
 (Laughs) 
 You should be. They pay firemen to sleep on the job. 
 Jealous? 
 Absolutely. 
 I heard about the divorce. 
 You okay? 
 Life throws you curveballs. Yeah, I'll be all right. 
 Good thing you're charming as hell because you're a crap liar. 
 I can still read you like  The Times. 
 Some things never change. 
 (Inhales) Do you want a refill? 
 Sure. 
 Dig down in there deep enough, you just might find your self-respect. 
 I ran out of paper to mache, for our kids. 
 So your being here doesn't have anything to do with a certain other ex of mine? 
 (Scoffs) 
 I really need to get a T-shirt that says, "get over yourself." 
 Is that all you'll be wearing? 
 'Cause that could get exciting. 
 (Imitating porno music) 
 Man child. 
 You rang? 
 No, I meant the overgrown thirteen-year-old that you call captain. 
 Well, now that I'm here, help, m'lady? 
 No, I'm almost done. But I can't believe what people read around here. 
 I mean,  Guns and Ammo,  sure. 
 But  Women's Wear Daily? 
 Hair plugs hal. Shoe fetish. 
 You are worse than my super. Always looking through the tenants' garbage. 
 Just has to be in everyone's beeswax. 
 Well, you gotta know who you're renting to. 
 I bet the slumlord knows a lot about his tenants, including which one has a penchant for playing with fire. 
 Max : So Grant has a total of eight buildings in the neighborhood. 
 That's 221 units. 
 And I cross-referenced his properties with addresses of convicted arsonists. 
 And you found a suspect? Good work! 
 Don't congratulate him. Max is Laura's front. 
 Well, I wish I had a front like him. 
 What's the b*st*rd's name? 
 Jasper Schecter. 
 He lives on Bridge and York. 
 Jasper Schecter, NYPD. 
 (Metal creaking) 
 Fire escape. He's running. 
 Go home! 
 Freeze, Jasper, right there! Freeze! 
 Oh! 
 (Struggling) 
 Told you we were in better shape. 
 I did not start that fire. I swear, I'm innocent. 
 Of course you are. That's why you were doing wind sprints across the roof. 
 I'm just tired of being harassed every time someone lights a match. 
 You're a convicted arsonist. 
 I did my time. I got treatment inside. I'm rehabilitated. 
 So you don't get off on fires at all anymore? 
 Correct. 
 Want another? 
 Tell me about the fire on Plymouth. 
 A thing of flipping beauty. 
 So you were there? 
 Well I live two blocks away, so yeah, I came up to watch it. 
 Along with half of the neighborhood. 
 You gonna lock us all up? 
 Nah, just the pyro with the record. 
 Well, that would be shortsighted. 
 For your info, I happened to see a thug, with a neck full of prison tats, running from the fire. 
 Let's talk about how you looked at my lighter just now. 
 Like a man who would be more than happy to set a fire for his landlord. 
 You cops are all the same. I want a lawyer. 
 I'll call legal aid. 
 (Footsteps approaching) 
 Interesting show. You could charge admission. 
 I thought you were on vacation. 
 Well, yeah, I was just on my way to the copy machine for my project. 
 Well, it's good you took the scenic route. 
 You got to see us nail the perp. 
 Jasper said he didn't do it. 
 Oh, come on, the guy's full of it. 
 He admitted to being at the scene of the crime. 
 Why would he cop to that if he was guilty of setting the fire? 
 Because we'd prove he was there eventually. 
 And Kevin Park died. The stakes are higher this time. 
 Still don't buy it. 
 When he was talking about the fire he was excited, but more like he was admiring someone else's work. 
 How did you get that? 
 Same as when I look through the window at the women doing soul cycle. 
 Oh, I love spinning. I go three times a week. 
 Congratulations. 
 Mmm. 
 What about the tattooed ex-con Jasper said he saw? 
 Total bull. Jasper would be too mesmerized by the flames to even notice anybody else. 
 Your opinion. 
 In mine, it's a lead worth looking into. 
 Oh, come on, it's a Hail Mary from a pyro. 
 Or it's the truth. 
 Respectfully, detective, is this really about Jasper Schecter? 
 What else would it be about? 
 You checking up on me, maybe. 
 The only person I've ever seen work this much on their day off is me. 
 Then you understand. 
 I understand that we have a lot in common, including taste in men. 
 If that's what the real problem is here, let's just get it out in the open. 
 The real problem is Kevin Park was murdered. 
 I'm after his perp. But you, and your do-me boots, apparently are after something else. 
 Wow. We're going there? 
 Going there? 
 You were the one who brought us there. 
 Look, if you want to get back together with Jake, I am fine with that. Knock yourself out. 
 But don't let the case of a dead kid go sideways while you're at it because that, I am definitely not fine with. 
 Crafty mom thing getting to you, partner? 
 (Sigh) 
 I'm making a snowman ring toss out of empty bottles. I need two more. Drink. 
 Frosty the Snowman never looked so creepy. 
 Don't bash my snowman. 
 He and I are very fragile right now. 
 Personal issues. 
 Heard you weren't exactly on team Angela. 
 What is it with all you gossipy men? 
 Angela and I are a non-issue. 
 Being friends with my ex is evolved enough. 
 I don't need to be friends with my ex's ex. 
 True. 
 Captain should consider himself lucky that you're so chill with him. 
 No. I'm just really good at masking my homicidal daydreams. 
 (Both laughing) 
 Fading there, wino? 
 The fire was set outside Gloria's apartment. 
 Maybe she had an ex with murderous daydreams too. 
 And just maybe, he has a neck full of tattoos. 
 Detective Soto. 
 Sorry to bother you at work, but I... 
 No, not a problem. 
 How can I help? 
 Well, you told Detective Bose that you weren't seeing anyone. 
 But how about old relationships? 
 Ones that didn't work out? 
 My mother raised me by herself. 
 Almost had a couple of stepdads, it didn't work out. 
 But she said, "every now and then you kiss a frog. Even if he's got slicked back hair and great salsa moves, he's still a frog." 
 Cliff Gaskin, not my finest moment. 
 Right. Did he have any tattoos? 
 Not since I last saw him. 
 Did he ever get violent? 
 Only when he drank, which was a lot. 
 But he's in jail. 
 I finally got tired of being his punching bag and had him locked up. 
 Right. 
 Okay, here it is. 
 Looking him up on the corrections website. 
 It says Gaskin was released a week ago. 
 Oh, my God. 
 The night that I had Cliff arrested, he swore he'd kill me. 
 Okay, yeah. I was at Gloria's place the night of the fire. 
 You were spotted leaving the scene. 
 Gloria has a restraining order against me. I didn't want to get busted for violating it. 
 Or you didn't want to get busted for starting the fire. 
 No, I heard about the fire on the radio. I just went over to see if Gloria was okay. 
 Huh. That's awfully considerate, considering she got you locked up. 
 I think you were there for payback. 
 I do need to pay her back. But not like that. 
 I've got to make amends for what I did to her. 
 Let me guess. 
 You got religion in jail. 
 No, I got sober. 
 I was a violent, paranoid drunk. 
 Every time Gloria left the house, I swore she was cheating on me. 
 But now I know she was just working all the time trying to keep a roof over Shawn's head. 
 Going to jail was the best thing that ever happened to me. 
 Forgive me if I don't trust the word of a confessed woman-beater. 
 You don't have to. Like I said, I heard about the fire on the radio at the soup kitchen in the Bowery. When the fire started, I was feeding 200 hungry homeless guys. 
 Don't be modest, Gil. Not many people would ruh into a burning building to save a stranger's life. 
 Shawn's just a kid, and he's not a stranger. 
 I'd seen him on the block riding his little bike. 
 Let's take a look at the cell phone video, shot by one of the neighbors. 
 This dramatic footage shows the daring rescue of eight-year-old Shawn Leighton. 
 Now, tell us how you firt became aware this little boy was in mortal peril. 
 I was in bed sleeping. 
 Then I heard his mama screaming. 
 I mean, that's what woke me up. 
 And then I smelled smoke. So do I. No! No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. Oh! (Sighs) 
 
 Hi. Quick question. Do you make cookies? Fantastic. I would like to put an order in for 12 dozen. And I'm gonna need some booze. Oatmeal, raisin, snickerdoodle, chocolate chip. And of course, cabernet. (Giggles and applauds) You are the sexiest man alive. For cookies? Wow. Okay. What do I get when I make you my creme brulee? We'll see. Are you free tonight? (Sighs) I wish. But once I'm out of crafty jail. Hmm. All right, it's a date. Can I help you in early parole? (Sighs) Chocolate chips, and prison metaphors. Aw damn. That is hot. (Both laugh) No, don't. You're going to lose all respect for me. Ugh. (Sighs) That's not so bad. I'm a detective. I bust lies for a living. (Laughs) All right, well you got me. That was disgusting. Yeah. I'll tell you what. I'll stick to cooking, you stick to homicide. I wish, but thanks to Jake, I'm in DIY hell, and he's working my case. I thought you were between cases. I am. I mean, yes. But... But you can't let it go, can you? There's no shame in it. I take a day off, I wind up frying my own fritos. Yum. Mmm-hmm. Feel free to share. Anytime. So what's the case? Arson homicide. Runaway teen died. Neighbor rescued an eight-year-old little boy, thankfully. Is that the guy? Yup. Kevin Park died. I don't feel like a hero. Not like last time. Gil, would you tell everyoe what did happen last time? A couple years ago, I was down in DC, in a Metro station. A guy fell on the tracks. I jumped down, and pulled him up. Talk about a humble brag. Shh! This is the second time you've saved a life. I suppose it is. Gil, you deserve a medal, a key to the city. This man has been a hero, not once, but twice. I mean, what are the odds of that? (Door slams) Hot chocolate. Pretty serious. I'm guessing cramps? Or Angela? Oh, please. Twiggy couldn't drive me to unnecessary calorie consumption. Mmm-hmm. Then why are we meeting here, and not the squad room? 'Cause I don't need Jake thinking I can't stay away from the case. Which you can't. But I don't need him knowing that. And I don't need Angela thinking I care about her. When I don't. At all. But obviously she thinks I do. You seem to care. No, I don't. I just care that she thinks I care. I will never understand women. Talk to me. Two years ago, Gil Carter had his 15 minutes of fame with the subway rescue. That kind of attention can be addictive. When your 16th minute arrives... You're yesterday's news. You got nothing left, but press clippings, and a boring life. Maybe, Gil wanted another moment in the media sunshine. So, Gil set the fire to get back in the spotlight? That's cold. But a damn good theory. I mean, Gil lived across the street, so he knew that the building was empty, except for Gloria and her son. He figures, "rescue him. No harm, no foul." But he doesn't know that Kevin Park is in the basement. So, our hero could also be our killer. Time to find out. Thank you for coming in, Mr. Carter. Please call me Gil. And it's not a bother, anything I can do to help. So sorry to intrude. Just need you to sign these overtime slips. Right his very minute? One PP needs them asap. PDQ. Wtf? What? Oh! I'm all thumbs today. Oh. I am all thumbs. Oh, boy. My files. Huh, okey-dokes. That's it. Will not bother you again. Toodles. Anyway. We have a few questions about the night of the fire. What's the first thing that you remember? Like I told you before, I was sound asleep in my bed, when I woke up to hear Gloria screaming. Right. Then you called 911, and ran across the street to Gloria. Yeah. She said that her son was trapped on the second floor. You went into the building, ran up to the second floor, and rescued Shawn. Yeah. And then you ran straight out of the building. Yes. I mean, if you don't believe me, you can ask the firefighters. I mean, they saw me. They were pulling up when I came out of the building. It's a nice story, but it doesn't make sense. The 911 call was placed at 11:37. Nine minutes later, the fire trucks arrived on the scene. Now, if your story was true, it would have taken you three to four minutes, tops. Well, I don't know how long I was in that building. I mean it felt like forever. You know what does make sense? You called 911, and then set the fire. What? No! I would never do that. I don't know, maybe I was a little slower going up stairs than I thought. Stop lying, Gil. Tell us what really happened. I did. Oh, come off it. You're hooked on heroism. You got a taste of glory when you saved that dude on the subway in DC. Gil :  That has nothing to do with this. Angela :  It has everything to do with this. People forgot you. Two years later, you're just another nobody. No, no, no. Then you noticed that building across the street. It's your path back to gloryville. And the landlord's going to tear it down. So, hey, you'll be helping him out. I wouldn't do that. Of course you would. Just a couple of matches between you, and  The Today Show. So you set the fire, and it works. You save Shawn, and you're a hero again. Look, you guys got me all wrong. But you didn't know Kevin park was in the basement. If it weren't for him, you'd be home free. He died for your vanity. I want a lawyer. (Crashing) (Crashing) Damn it. Really? My bad. Hey. Any luck? Plenty. He's lawyering up. Which, nine times out of ten, means a guilty plea is coming next. Drinks are on me. My man. Something is not right. So Gloria comes out of the basement. She screams. Gil wakes up, calls 911. Comes down, "it's my son, my son. He's on the second floor." Runs into the building, climbs the stairs, comes down the stairs, into the street. (Sighs) This does not add up. It just seems too fast. Let's do it again. Gil comes down the stairs, onto the street. The firemen swore that Gil was coming out onto the street just as they were pulling up. What the hell took you so long? Did you get lost in there? Reporter :  This dramatic footage shows the daring rescue of eight-year-old Shawn Leighton. Now tell us how you first became aware this little boy was in mortal peril. What did Shawn say to you? Lucia, I need a babysitter. Laundry emergency. $1.50. $1.75. $2.00. (Sighs) I don't think so, Gloria. Excuse me. Just sit where you'd like, hon. I'm not here for the pie. For once. (Giggles) You spoke with my partner, Detective Soto. Yeah, he's a real nice guy, but I think I've told him everything I know. That must be Shawn. Do you usually bring him to work? Just when I work days. It's cheaper than after-school care, or a babysitter and it's usually quiet here after lunch. I totally get it. If anyone knew how many times my boys napped in a holding cell, I'd be locked up. It's hard being a working mom. Work a full day. You make lunchboxes at 3:00 am just so you can get another five minutes of sleep. Do laundry at midnight. That's the truth. But sometimes you can't do it all. Something's gotta give. Or you make a mistake somehow, let someone down. Epic mom fail. I've had those. Don't even ask me about the disaster in my living room right now. (Chuckles) So I get why you did it. Did what? Left your son home alone. What are you talking about? I would never... Yes. You did. Just to go down to do the laundry for a minute. I mean, don't tell me that you've never done that. Sure. But the washer-dryer in your building is busted. Has been for months. Another tactic by your landlord trying to force you out. Which is why it took Gil so long to rescue Shawn. He knew that your little boy was in that building somewhere. He just didn't know what apartment, 'cause you weren't there to tell him. I know you're afraid. But Gil Carter could go to jail. And Kevin Park's mother deserves the truth. I keep thinking about that poor woman. (Sniffling) And that my son could be dead too. It's all my fault. Just tell me what really happened. Doris was a no-show for the late shift. And my boss said that I had to cover or he'd fire me. I called the sitter, I begged her to stay. She wouldn't. I just told myself that it would be okay, because Shawn was still sleeping. I can't afford to lose this job. I got home as soon as I could. And you saw the building was on fire. I was out of my mind. I thought that my baby was gone. But then I saw Gil running out of the fire with my son. He saved me too. He told me not to tell anybody that I wasn't home. He said that it wouldn't do any good if I was in jail. He lied to protect me. And Shawn. What are you talking about? It was below freezing that night. The landlord was harassing you by turning off the heat. If Shawn woke up cold and alone... (Sobs) Oh, my God. I need to talk to your son. Please, he's a good boy. I know. Hey, Shawn. I'm Detective Diamond. Can we talk? About what? About the other night. I tried to tell Mr. Gil. I know you did. I'm sorry. I got to say, you guys are the best squad I've ever worked with. Aw. We do make a pretty good team. Cheers. Cheers. I wouldn't celebrate just yet. What do you mean? Gil's innocent. Shawn Leighton set the fire. Gloria's kid? Yup. He wakes up, his babysitter's gone, mom's not home, he's cold. And so he freaks out. Walks out into the hallway, finds a trashcan and decides he's going to make a campfire to keep warm. All of a sudden now, up go the flames, he runs back into the apartment, gets trapped and he wouldn't be here today, if it wasn't for Gil. Wow. How did you figure that out? Legos. Laura. She didn't even break a sweat, man. (All chuckle) What? To Laura. To Laura. You are free to go, Mr. Carter. Thanks. And, uh, what's gonna happen to Shawn? Well, I spoke to family court. Because Kevin Park's death was an accident, there will be no charges. And Gloria? Social service is gonna find her a new home, help with childcare, and set her up with what she needs to start over. That's great. Thank you. Actually, it was all Detective Diamond's doing. Teamwork. Uh, let me get you a ride home. It sort of was all you. That's nice of you to say. Listen, I know that you were just trying to do your job. I'm sorry if I was out of line about your very, very lovely boots. I'm glad you like them. (Chuckles) For the record, you were right, kind of. I was trying to make an impression. On you. Whoa. I didn't see that coming. Not like that. Um... (Laughs) I've only been dumped once in my life. For you. And the idea of coming in here and meeting the great Laura Diamond. I was so intimidated, I changed my clothes five times. Wow. I'm oddly flattered, I think. No. I'm definitely flattered. Thank you. You're welcome. I wasn't going to ask this, but, um... Since the case is closed, and you and I had this little talk, I think I can go there. Go where, exactly? You said you didn't mind. I mean, you and Jake, you're... Oh! God, no. We're over, finished, kaput. Great. Because I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I still have feelings for the guy. But if I would be getting in the way of something... No! No, no. Go for it. Okay. Going for it. (Chuckles) I'll see you around? Sure. Hey, guys! Just come here, just a second. Ah! (Laughs) Go back and play. Looks good, Laura. Oh. Mmm-hmm. Gotta say, none of us in the PTA thought you could pull it off. Well the PTA's got nothing on the NYPD. Come here, guys! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 