Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - eps2.0_unm4sk-pt1.tc - Mr. Robot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - eps2.0_unm4sk-pt1.tc https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=303&t=27949 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/13/16 23:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - eps2.0_unm4sk-pt1.tc 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 What is it about society that disappoints you so much? 
 Sometimes I dream of saving the world, saving everyone from the invisible hand, the one that controls us every day without us knowing it. 
 What if this all went away? The city, the money, all of it? 
 Hey, kiddo. 
 Exciting time in the world right now, exciting time. 
 Tell me about your father. 
 He had leukemia, made me swear to never tell anyone. 
 Finally I got so worried, I told my mom. 
 I tried to hug him, tell him I'm sorry, and he shoved me so hard I fell backwards out the window. 
 I was eight years old. 
 If you don't take this deal, you'll become like me, losing everyone's respect. 
 I gave up everything for this case. 
 I don't want you to. 
 I'm not working there. 
 They killed my mother. 
 If you want to change things, perhaps you should try from within. 
 And I'm gonna erase all the debts we owe. 
 Every record of every credit card, loan, and mortgage will be wiped clean. 
 What do we all do now? 
 Guys, this isn't about what we'll do tomorrow. 
 This is about what we did. They're free because of us. 
 Jesus, what did I do? 
 I told you we shouldn't have done this. 
 I'm a little concerned for Tyrell because he was acting very strange last I saw him. 
 I know you're behind it, fsociety, the server, Colby, Allsafe. 
 You're one constant in a sea of variables. 
 No matter what anyone tries to do, I will never leave. 
 I will always be right here. Do you understand that? 
 They're gonna try and get rid of me again, and I need you to not let them. 
 Listen to me. I will never leave you. I will never leave you alone again. 
 I am Mr. Robot. 
 I've always told you we'd end up working together, Elliot, but still I have to know, why did you do it? 
 I wanted to save the world. 
 (SOFT MUSIC) 
 Why this mask? It's a bit silly, isn't it? 
 (PHONE VIBRATING) 
 Wellick. 
 I see. 
 I understand. 
 James, yes. 
 Yes, I'm aware of Mr. Goddard's request, but it needs to be removed this moment. 
 Can you escalate it? 
 Thank you, James. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It should be ready. 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What is it? 
 It's happening. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 It's almost as if... something's come alive. 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 (GLASS SHATTERING) 
 Oh, my God. 
 This is your fault! 
 It's your fault! 
 I'm sorry! 
 I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry! 
 What did you do, you son of a bitch? 
 He's bleeding! 
 It was an accident. 
 God says there are no accidents! 
 Son, son, please talk to me. Talk to me please. 
 God help us, he's bleeding. 
 The neighbors are looking. This is embarrassing. 
 Son, son, wake up. Wake up! 
 God, is he okay? Ask if he's okay! 
 Can't you see he's not responding, Magda? 
 It's your fault, it's your fault! 
 It was an accident. 
 God says there are no accidents. 
 I'm so sorry. Please call an ambulance! 
 Call an ambulance! 
 (MONITOR BEEPING) 
 As you can see by the images, everything appears to be normal, which is good news because there were no lesions from the scan, no hemorrhaging or bleeding, mild concussion, a few stitches. 
 The forearm, however, is broken, so that will require a cast. 
 How much will that be? 
 Excuse me? 
 How much will the co-pay be? 
 Well, that's something you need to discuss with the billing department. 
 We'll talk about that later... 
 Shut up. 
 You've lost your job. 
 We have no money. 
 How are we supposed to pay for this on top of all your other bills? 
 Don't touch me. 
 I told you, there won't be any bills. 
 Mr. and Mrs. Alderson, please, I'm going to have to ask you to step outside for a second. 
 I'd like to talk to Elliot alone. 
 Elliot. 
 Elliot, I want you to know that you are going to be just fine. 
 Now, that was quite a spill you took today, but I promise, you have a long and healthy life ahead of you. 
 Now, Elliot, there are just a few questions that I need to ask you. 
 (VOICE FADING) 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (I Monster's "Daydream In Blue" playing) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 ♪ Daydream ♪ 
♪ I fell asleep beneath the flowers ♪ 
♪ For a couple of hours ♪ 
♪ On a beautiful day ♪ 
♪ Daydream ♪ 
♪ I dream of you amid the flowers ♪ 
♪ For a couple of hours ♪ 
♪ Such a beautiful day ♪ 
 Time to get up. 
 Today started just like yesterday and the day before that and the day before that and every day for the last month, a loop, my perfectly constructed loop. 
 This is going to be affecting our economy in ways that are extraordinarily significant. 
 The FBI announced today, and we can confirm, that Tyrell Wellick and fsociety engaged in this attack. 
 They caused a lot of damage, and we will respond. 
 We will respond proportionally, and we will respond in a place and time that we choose. 
 That's not something that I will announce at a press conference. 
 At 8:00 a.m. my daily program begins by having breakfast with my friend, Leon. 
 There's this one episode where they go to this Chinese restaurant, and they're just waiting for a table the entire time. 
 Like, they don't even eat at the end, bro. 
 He just discovered "Seinfeld." 
 Maybe I'm overthinking it, though. 
 And talks way too much about it. 
 It's really f*cking with him. 
 It's really f*cking with me. 
 But it's perfect for me. 
 I don't have to say anything. I can just listen. 
 God, man, that Kramer dude, if I knew him in real life, I'd knock his ass out. 
 At 10:00 a.m. I help out around the house. 
 More broadly, though, this points to the need for us to work with the international community to start setting up some very clear rules of the road. 
 Right now it's sort of the Wild West. 
 At 12:00 p.m. I have lunch with Leon. 
 And then there's this one where they're stuck in a garage the whole time. 
 Like, what? 
 That's not a TV show, bro. 
 Like, where's the story? 
 It just makes no sense. 
 At 2:00 p.m. we'll check out a basketball game. 
 Hot Carla, the local pyro, is usually there. 
 She's become like my personal totem. 
 Whoo, three points, bitch. 
 (YELLING) 
 I still don't understand why people like sports. 
 They get so emotional over the weirdest things. 
 But I do see the beauty in the rules, the invisible code of chaos hiding behind the menacing face of order. 
 At 4:30 p.m. I clean up around the house again. 
 There hasn't been anything like this in the past. 
 That's part of what makes this issue of cybersecurity so urgent. 
 At 6:00 p.m. 
 I have dinner with Leon. 
 Though maybe I just need to make peace with it, you know what I'm saying? 
 As you can tell, we eat most meals together. 
 Like, maybe that's the show's point, that sh1t is just pointless, you know? 
 Like, life, love, and the meanings therein. 
 I'll tell you, the human condition is a straight-up tragedy, cuz. Word. 
 Like I said, I never have to talk, and the repetition is good for me now. 
 It keeps my regimen intact. 
 Two days a week I go to a church group. 
 I don't get the rules here either, but I need to keep socializing myself. 
 It's good for me. 
 Besides, these people seem normal. 
 All : Amen. 
 Amen. 
 Do not get into a pattern in which you are intimidated by these kind of criminal attacks. 
 America knows how to solve problems, and when we work together, we can't be stopped. 
 A new future is ready to be written. 
 I've been keeping a journal. 
 It's the only way to keep my program running like it's supposed to. 
 ♪ Such a beautiful day ♪ 
 ♪ ♪ 
 See you in the morning. 
 And then I go to bed. 
 My mom has no computer or Internet access to tempt me into the night. 
 All that's left for me is just ordinary analog sleep ending the day's loop. 
 You might not think it's a way to live, but why not? 
 Repeating the same tasks each day without ever having to think about them, isn't that what everybody does? 
 Keep things on repeat to go along with their "NCISes" and Lexapro. 
 Isn't that where it's comfortable? 
 In the sameness? 
 Why your mom? 
 Why her specifically? 
 She's the strictest person I know. 
 But you've attributed a lot of your childhood trauma... 
 Better the devil you know than the devil you don't, right? 
 Do you feel alone? 
 Darlene comes by sometimes. 
 Is there anything you miss about your old life? 
 It doesn't matter even if I did. 
 Why would you say that? 
 'Cause I can't trust myself back there. 
 Why do you think you can't trust yourself? 
 I'd like you to respond to my question, please. 
 Elliot, it took a lot for me to talk to you after what you did, but I agreed with the condition that you were going to be more open with me. 
 I was very clear when we discussed... 
 It's not that I don't trust myself. 
 I don't trust him. 
 (SOFT MUSIC) 
 Hello again. 
 Yes, I'm talking to you this time. 
 I'm sure you wanted to hear what I told Krista back there, but I'm not ready to trust you yet, not after what you did. 
 You kept things from me, and I don't know if I can tell you secrets like before. 
 Friends are supposed to be honest with each other, and you weren't. 
 It's gonna take a while to rebuild this relation... 
 Talking to your friend again? 
 I thought we were done with all that. 
 Here. 
 Check that out. 
 Lots of nicer friends in there for you. 
 (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 We can't stay here. 
 There's more work to be done. 
 Our revolution needs a leader, and what are we doing instead? 
 Journaling. 
 Che Guevara is throwing up in his grave right now. 
 You think this is gonna get rid of me? 
 I am not to be gotten rid of. 
 This zombie act you're pulling? 
 It don't work on us. 
 This control you think you have? 
 It's an illusion. 
 You want my attention? 
 Tell me what I want to know. 
 Tell me where Tyrell is. 
 I can't do that. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Then go fu... 
 (GUNSHOT) 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Are you done? 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 What's next on this roller coaster of a regimen, needle-pointing? 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 It is not hyperbole to say we're in a grave financial situation. 
 All of this cautionary sentiment out there, it's not just Wall Street hoopla. 
 The more I talk about it, the more terrified I become. 
 Fortuntately, the original plan that was put in place was ineffective. 
 Most experts agree that this is not just a crisis, but a very dire one. 
 Something absolutely needs to be done. 
 Even though the European Union has been denying that it could affect them, this week we saw that they were wrong. 
 The banks cannot lend money that they don't have so the economy is at a standstill. 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 (ALARM STOPS) 
 And I'm just the messenger. I am telling you, folks, this is what they don't want you to hear, because a union strike on the Comet natural gas plant will cause an energy shortage the likes of which has never been seen in the northeast. 
 Without literal power we will have no power. 
 This is part of a strategy to declare economic war on this country, and they know it, they know exactly what they are doing, and 2015 will be known as the year that America, this great nation, swapped democracy for dictatorship. 
 (PANTING) 
 (WATER SPLASHES) 
 
 
 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC RISES) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (WATER RUNNING) 
 Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING) 
 On television blabbing on and on and on, telling people... lying to them. 
 Instead, bring honesty... (PHONE RINGING) somebody who can explain it best. because this "crisis" is happening. 
 Hello? Hello? 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC BLARING) 
 Why don't you tell your viewers about the Weimar Republic? 
 Because the similarities between them are disturbing. 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 Meaning the end of the world as we know it. 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC BLARING) 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 Tyranny in the streets. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 Hello? 
 Hello? 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 Hello? 
 Hello. 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC BLARING) 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 That's right. 
 (EVERYTHING BLARING) 
 Stop! 
 Well, what am I supposed to do? 
 I mean, nothing is working. 
 Unplug what? 
 Everything is inside the walls. 
 That's how it was installed when I ordered the smart house package. 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 Now the alarm is going off, and it's freezing. 
 It's below 40. 
 I have a place in Greenwich, but you don't expect me to... 
 How long is it gonna take before this all gets fixed? 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 (CLASSICAL MUSIC SLOWLY RISES) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (EVERYTHING CEASES) 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 The tracking on her phone is working, and she's headed north as we speak. 
 How long you think she's gonna stay away for? 
 Long enough. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 The collective result of these attacks could be a cyber Pearl Harbor, physical destruction and the loss of life, and create a new, profound sense of vulnerability. 
 As director of the CIA and Secretary of Defense, I have understood that cyber attacks... 
 I hope you don't mind I came. 
 Something wrong? 
 It's good to see you, Gideon. 
 You, too. 
 I know we didn't leave things on the best of terms. 
 Is it true? What I heard about Allsafe? 
 Oh, there is no Allsafe. 
 I've had to furlough everyone. 
 I'm hoping to get up and running again, but everyone's telling me it's over. 
 Gee, I wonder whose fault that is. 
 Was that you or me? 
 Getting all mixed up, I can't recall. 
 Let me get to my point. 
 The FBI believes that I was behind the hack or complicit in some way. 
 I've given them all the evidence I can. 
 I've cooperated every step of the way, but they still keep coming at me. 
 They don't trust me. 
 In fact, I think they might be hacking my email. 
 I know someone is. 
 And now you're wondering who that someone is, aren't you? 
 There are logins from times and machines I don't recognize. 
 Because if it was me, then that means it was you. 
 How about it, huh? 
 Could you live with yourself knowing that you framed Gideon? 
 I keep changing the password, but it still hap... 
 (GROANS) 
 Elliot? 
 What's wrong? 
 Go ahead, tell him. 
 Tell him that you're slowly descending into madness. 
 Stop. 
 What? Stop what? 
 There are only so many times before my bullets finally penetrate that thick skull of yours, and as the blood trickles out, so goes any sense of reason. 
 Round and round we go, you not knowing what you did or didn't do, our infinite loop of insanity. 
 If you know anything at all, or if there's anything you can do to help me... 
 I need you to. 
 I can't help you. 
 Are you really gonna let him take the fall for this? 
 Look at him, a scared, small animal. 
 Well, that's... that's unacceptable. 
 Now he's doing what all small animals do when they're scared, pretend they're bigger and scarier. 
 Look, if you're not gonna do anything about this, I'm afraid you've left me no choice but to go to them with what I know, which, given the things I know about the day you left, it's pretty damning. 
 Now, I'm asking you one last time to do the right thing. 
 He does have a point. 
 He does know a lot, perhaps too much. 
 I wonder if I slashed open his neck right now, would it be me doing it, or would it be you? 
 No. 
 Yes. 
 I am going to go to them. 
 I'm going to tell them everything. 
 Do you understand, Elliot? Everything. 
 Truth is, though, right, it doesn't matter. 
 You start adding up all the choices you've been making, they all add up to one thing. 
 You add up to one thing... me. 
 What's going on over there? 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 I'm not gonna lie, Gideon got to me, but now is when I need the regimen the most. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 After all, that's the whole reason for the routine, to stay as sane as possible until he's gone, and once he's gone, I can finally be the real me again. 
 No, not just that it's pointless, but maybe it just means nothing, you know? 
 Like Costanza says, a cold, random universe. 
 Bro, what's up with the... 
 Nothing, man. 
 Gideon's gonna rat you out. 
 He probably already has. 
 Hey, you can't ignore this. 
 They have eyes on you. 
 This is how they work you. 
 I'm not gonna change my mind. 
 I'm sticking to my regimen. 
 Hey, I am not some tumor to be excised, do you understand? The opposite. 
 I'm the organ vital to your existence. 
 Now, if you insist on keeping this up, I'm gonna go from annoyed to hurt, and, kiddo, trust me, you do not want to hurt my feelings. 
 How do I take off a mask when it stops being a mask, when it's as much a part of me as I am? 
 (ALL CHEERING) 
 We keep fighting. 
 Like the world we unmasked, we will find our true selves again. 
 Maybe after wiping away the thick, grimy film of Facebook friend requests and Vine stars we can all see the light of day. 
 I know we haven't talked in a while. 
 Maybe you only trust me about as much as I trust you right now, but I'm gonna ask you to have hope for me anyway. 
 Just, please, have hope. 
 (BREATHING HEAVILY) 
 (ALL CHEERING) 
 (INDISTINCT CHATTER) 
 I'm gonna take a selfie. I'm gonna take a selfie. 
 You guys ready? 
 Yeah! 
 We got the balls! 
 Whoo! 
 (SOFT MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 (ALL CHEERING) 
 All : Whoo! 
 We got the balls! 
 (ALL CHEERING) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Give me your phone. 
 Why? I didn't post any... 
 Give me your phone. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (PHONE HITS THE FLOOR) 
 (STOMPING) 
 Ahh! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 We are in a war, and we are on the losing side of it. 
 We are on our knees with guns to our heads, and they are picking us off one by one. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Susan Jacobs, the general counsel at E Corp. 
 You want to know what her nickname is inside the company? 
 Madam Executioner, not just because she could kill any lawsuit filed against them, but because those lawsuits usually involved deaths. 
 These are the cowards we are dealing with. 
 (GLASS SHATTERS) 
 We have been on our knees for too long, and it's time to stand up. 
 Make it a four-hour SDR if necessary. 
 Take surveillance detection stops. 
 Go into pharmacies. Run errands. 
 Disrupt data points. 
 No one takes the same route back here twice. 
 I don't want anyone burning this location. 
 Where is everyone else? 
 Don't know. 
 They were always half in. 
 What... what you're doing here, Darlene, and what you're saying? 
 I mean, you sounded like George W. Bush, for crying out loud. 
 Okay, first of all, that's low. 
 Secondly, give me some credit. 
 The speech is bullshit, but it works. 
 It riles them up. 
 Yeah, to what end though? 
 You know, sawing off balls, making protest signs? We were more than that. 
 I mean, we... you know, we accomplished something. 
 We... we took them down. 
 Then why does it feel like they're still winning? 
 That what we did made it worse, not better? 
 You know I'm right. 
 We didn't finish them off. 
 That's all there is to it. 
 People everywhere came out to support us mobiley, and right now they need to know we haven't given up, that we meant what we said about changing the world. 
 (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 Don't be half in like the others. 
 This thing we started, it deserves more than that. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Have you, uh, have you seen Elliot? 
 That's not important. 
 This is everything right now. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Absolutely unfair, madam, absolutely unfair. 
 We were done with our payments. 
 Ma'am, we are doing our best here. 
 At this moment we cannot verify that you paid all your payments. 
 Absolutely ridiculous. I have. 
 I have all my bills right here. 
 I was never late on one, and I also have copies of the checks that I sent... 
 People have been forging paper records. 
 We haven't set up a system to verify these sorts of claims. 
 It took me three weeks to get this appointment, madam. 
 Now you're telling me you can't help me? 
 What kind of business is this? 
 I've been responsible for the last 20 years in paying off my home. 
 Where's your accountability? 
 Yet, if the tables were turned, you would have kicked me out of my own house. 
 You know what? Cancel my account. 
 I'm done doing business with you crooks. 
 You deserve what you're getting. 
 Ma'am, I can't say for sure we can give you all your money if you close right now. 
 Unbelievable. 
 I know what I have. 
 I just want to cancel. 
 (PHONE RINGS) 
 It's on my computer too. 
 I have the IT guy helping me right now. 
 (EXHALES SHARPLY) 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 I was coming from my place in Greenwich. 
 I was on the phone with the FBI all night. 
 We can't confirm the sender, but the email we received is authentic, more than likely the same hackers from the ransomware. 
 Unbelievable. 
 What are their demands, again? 
 $5.9 million. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 $5.9 million to be delivered to Battery Park City, 9:00 p.m. tonight, no police. 
 If we want to pay the ransom, the FBI will not sanction it. 
 We cannot negotiate with these people. 
 Our techs are looking into it. 
 We'll find a way to decrypt it and get the system... 
 How long? 
 Five days, tops. 
 Five days for our banking system to be down? 
 That's a lot of money down the drain. 
 I don't even want to mention the optics. 
 We can't afford this hack right now, and frankly, I think we can find $5.9 million in between our couch cushions. 
 It's nothing. 
 My opinion as general counsel is to pay it. 
 What's this other request they made? 
 "You must send one of your chiefs and no one else?" 
 I think they meant one of our chief officers. 
 (LAUGHING) 
 This is a joke. 
 Did they really expect one of us to go out there, hmm? 
 What are we talking about here? These people are terrorists, pure and simple. 
 Unfortunately, I have to agree with Scott on this. 
 It's risky. 
 We have no idea what these guys are capable of. 
 So you think we should pay the ransom, but you don't want any of us to do it? 
 We can get one of our security officers to go undercover. 
 Yes, and risk all of this blowing up in our faces. 
 No. 
 If we're going to even consider doing this, we shouldn't give them any reason to do more damage. 
 (SIGHS) 
 I'll do it. 
 I'm Chief Technology Officer. 
 I qualify. 
 I'll do it. 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 If we're gonna pay these bastards, I want to be the one that faces them. 
 (TENSE MUSIC) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 