Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - eps.1.2_d3bug.mkv - Mr. Robot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - eps.1.2_d3bug.mkv https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=303&t=19435 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/09/15 00:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - eps.1.2_d3bug.mkv 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I will be the youngest executive this company has ever seen. 
 Ollie : All right, you know, I'll take it if you leave us alone. 
 Thank you. 
 All right? 
 Check track two out. 
 Well, track two. 
 All right, man. [sighs] Why didn't you tell me about the DAT file? Worked at Evil Corp his whole life, and out of the blue he got fired. No one knew why. He had leukemia. Made me swear to never tell anyone. Finally, I got so worried, told my mom. When he found out, he got pissed. You ever think you deserved it? I was eight years old... You didn't commit to the sacred pact you'd formed. ♪ ♪ [reverse warning beeping] Tyrell : My approach within our business units is to first invest in new technologies and develop prototypes in order to understand the technology potential, because despite the recent success of our cyber security team, our company currently still has 72 potential hacker vulnerabilities in our primary and secon... oh, wait. It's 73, you stupid piece of sh1t. Again. Our company currently still has 73 potential hacker vulnerabilities in our primary and secondary data centers. Now is not the time to be encumbered by the company's tragic and shameful loss of our chief Te... Too formal, God damn it. Warm it up. Don't be a cold robot. Again. Now is not the time to be encumbered by the company's tragic and shameful loss of our chief technology officer. We have to be swift in naming the replacement CTO, and, sir, I would like to suggest it be me. For the sake of our company, that we make our decision today, my promotion... My internal promotion shows not only our confidence as a company, but strength in our boldness to the public. Thank you for your time. You will be the next CTO of this company. You will be the next CTO of this company. You will be the next CTO of this company. Sure you don't want anything? Pellegrino, tea? Sir, thank you again for seeing me. Tyrell, I'm gonna have to reschedule this. Anwar, set up another time. Sir, it's just that I think... I get it, I get it. We'll get another meeting on the books right away. We've got a really good CTO candidate the board is very excited about. They're not ready to discuss it yet. We'll loop you in. Just give us a couple of weeks, hmm? Uh, put Wellick back on the books. Two weeks. Oh, nice tie. Let me guess. Brioni? Great taste, as always. Be well. I'll email your assistant the details. If you could, just email it to me directly. This is too important for me to miss. [tense music] ♪ ♪ Mr. Wellick, we're here. [car door opens] [car door closes] You think I could have 300 this time? [chuckles] Spoken like a true capitalist. [tense music] ♪ ♪ [dog barking in the distance] Bad day at the office? No ki... [groans] Please, enough. No more. [coughs] [coughs] Mr. Robot - SO1E03 
Original air date: 8th July, 2015 [fly buzzing] Elliot : Most coders think debugging software is about fixing a mistake, but that's bullshit. Debugging's actually all about finding the bug, about understanding why the bug was there to begin with, about knowing that its existence was no accident. It came to you to deliver a message, like an unconscious bubble floating to the surface, popping with a revelation you've secretly known all along. I don't know why I'm saying all of this. Maybe it's because I'm pumped up on whatever Sm... - legal drug dealers like Eli Lilly make money off nowadays. But usually it's because there's a sense it's coming. A bug buzzing its way towards me to gum up the works until it forces me to make a call. Kill me or embrace me. Or maybe I'm just freaking out because I never thought I'd wake up to find these two women staring back at me. [monitor beeping] Are you awake? I don't know. What are you doing here? We talked maybe a few hours ago when I first got here. You don't remember? They said I was your emergency contact. Um, right. Um, you told them to call your psychiatrist. You can't leave until you talk to one. So I'm gonna wait outside. Hey. Do you remember requesting me from the staff? You requested me because the police said that... I got jumped by a bunch of kids. It's not the end of the world. They wanted to do a full drug panel, and you refused. May I ask why? Elliot, if we can't have a conversation about this... I've been taking morphine. Why? I don't have a good enough reason to give you. I wish I did, but I don't. Maybe we should consider rehab. I'm not a junkie. Then you'll need to prove it to me. Submit to a bimonthly drug test voluntarily. That's the only way that I'll recommend your release. Elliot : Hospitals. A heavily networked one like this are almost too easy to hack. This is William Highsmith. He's not only the head of the IT department here, he is the IT department. He's also an idiot, not that I blame him because the people that hired him are also idiots. The poor guy only gets a budget of about 7,000 bucks a year, and he's supposed to protect their network from people like me? He never stood a chance. He uses useless virus scans, dated servers, and security software that runs on Windows 98. It's one of the reasons why I made this place my primary care facility. I can make my health records look like every other obedient zombie out there. Okay. You don't have to worry. I'm not gonna do morphine again. [snorts] Girl : Hey, you got some matches? Thank you. ♪ ♪ That's a nice breakfast. Sorry. Credit card system is down. Elliot : Like I said, the most difficult thing about debugging isn't fixing the bug. It's all about finding the bug. For Evil Corp, Mr. Robot found their bug in me. I was the mistake that led to all of this. Shayla : I have to ask you one thing. Did you have something to do with Vera getting busted? sh1t, Elliot. You said you weren't gonna do anything. He's on murder charges, do you know that? His whole crew bounced. I mean, I don't know what I'm gonna do for money now. Just tell me, Elliot, and don't lie. Did you do something? No. Hmm. Hey. [sighs] Hey. Are you okay? I mean, with everything that happened... I'm fine. What happened to your door? You're not supposed to be here, okay? I changed the locks for a reason. Mmm. Interesting toy, but you may want to spend a little more scratch if you actually want it to, you know, work. Check it. Jessica Alba says she wants to join Fsociety. Jesus, what happened to your face? What's going on? Well, I am not the princess of social graces, but typically it goes something like, "Hi, this is Darlene". Stop. You need to leave. Babe, seriously, we have a lot of sh1t to discuss, so if you wouldn't mind... Get out. [scoffs] I suggest you get a grip. What was she talking about? I got to get to work. Work? Are you serious? You can't go to work. You have to call in sick. I have to go. Elliot : A bug is never just a mistake. It represents something bigger. An error of thinking. Sir! Sir! Sir! That makes you who you are. Sir! You dropped your wallet. Thanks. Stop! Stop! He stole my purse. That was your wallet? Yes, that was my wallet you just gave him. Stop! Ollie : He got into my system, and he wants me to put the CD on one of the computers at work. Why does he want to do that? I don't know, Stella. He didn't give me a full explanation. Stella : So he's got naked pics of me? Is that the only thing you're seriously taking away from this conversation? [sighs] Hey, babe. Hey. How was your run? Strange. Someone dropped their wallet, and I picked it up to give it to them, but then this... Nothing strange about that... just shows how good of a person you are. Always have been. Almost to a fault. What does that mean? [phone vibrating] Just that you... you're too good for the world. That's probably why I love you. I'm gonna hop in the shower. [phone vibrates] [whispering] I told you I can't talk. distorted voice: You have 100 hours precisely. After that, everything we own will be released. [tense music] It's not enough, just to focus your attention on the logs. We should also monitor social media traffic as well as IRC, Pastebin. And set up scripts to keep going 24/7. I mean, we might get lucky. They might get sloppy, make a mistake, you know... Elliot : This the world we live in. People relying on each other's mistakes to manipulate one another and use one another, even relate to one another. A warm, messy circle of humanity. Elliot. I'm inviting you guys to dinner tonight. Morton's notwithstanding, I cook a mean steak. What? Can't a boss invite his favorite employees to dinner? No, that's cool, but I got plans. Can you guys give us a minute? Yeah. You want to tell me what's going on? Not really. Oh. You're missing work, you come in looking like that, and you expect me not to ask questions? Look, I don't know how much you want me asking about your personal life, but... Not at all, actually. I mean, I don't mean to be rude. I was... I'm just being honest. Elliot : Mr. Robot may have found Evil Corp's bug, but he didn't find mine. That's the only way to protect myself. Never show them my source code. Close myself off. Create my cold, perfect maze where no one can ever find me. Elliot, I cannot believe you work here. This place is a shithole. Look, I thought I'd swing by, take you to lunch. Oh, that's nice. I think she likes you, bud. All right, fine, I'll take her, but let the record show I was trying to be a good wingman. Oh, calm down. sh1t. I'm not that into redheads anyway. The whole nation of Ireland makes my dick soft. Leave. Darlene said we need to talk. Leave now. You're right. Probably shouldn't talk here. Let's go to that bar next door. I'm not going anywhere with you. I'm not going anywhere until you do, so I can hang out here and create a scene, or you can give me five minutes at the bar next or. Either way, I'm gonna have fun. Dealer's choice. Mmm. What? It's an Appletini. I should kick your ass. Mmm. If that'll make us square, you have my blessing. Nah, man, I want nothing to do with you. You're a maniac. [sighs] [chuckles] What can I get for you? Uh, nothing. You should probably order something. I'd recommend this... Fine. I'll... I'll have an Appletini. You should take it as a compliment, guy. These things are goddamn delicious. I get it. Compliments make me uncomfortable too. I find that hard to believe. Yeah, who am I kidding? I love compliments. $12. [cash register dings] I really don't think you enjoyed that. I suggest sipping... Last chance. What do you want? I'm sorry for what I did. I don't buy it. More importantly, I don't give a sh1t. I never wanted to hurt you. People who get violent get that way because they can't communicate. Your dad, I bet he felt shitty for doing what he did. I'm sure he wanted to apologize too. Sometimes pushing your kid away is just easier. Don't stay mad at him too long, kiddo. You're leaving? [exhales deeply] That's what you want, isn't it? What about your plan? Plan? You're the key to the whole thing. Without you, there is no plan. That's it? It's over? Expect me to believe that? See you in another life. Elliot : Did you hear that? I can't believe it. Is it really happening? Fsociety finally over. The recent glitch in the otherwise neat reality I created over the years. I'll never slip up like that again. I'm gonna be more normal now. Maybe Shayla could even be my girlfriend. I'll go see those stupid Marvel movies with her. I'll join a gym. I'll heart things on Instagram. I'll drink vanilla lattes. I'm gonna lead a bug-free life from now on. Anything to protect my perfect maze. [Len's Steal My Sunshine playing] ♪ ♪ Hey, Gideon. Is that dinner still on for tonight? Um, yeah. Sure. Uh, you want to come? Yeah. Great. Can I bring my girlfriend? You have a girlfriend? Well, I, uh, haven't asked her yet, but I will. Hopefully she'll say yes. Uh, yeah. Sure. Perfect. Thanks. 
 
 ♪ Steal my sunshine ♪ 
♪ My sunshine ♪ 
♪ If you steal my sunshine ♪ 
♪ My sunshine ♪ 
♪ If you steal my sunshine ♪ Was he drinking Starbucks? Are you still trying to rip that CD? Yeah, it's all... it's all scratched up. [sighs] Let's get out of here. My boss invited me to a dinner party at his place tonight. I thought you could come as my girlfriend. What? Are you actually asking me to be your girlfriend right now? Yeah. Anyway, I need you. I'm not good in social situations like that. There is something seriously wrong with you. I'm not gonna be used anymore. Why don't you ask the girl from this morning, okay? She seems like she might want to go to some stupid, stuffy dinner party. You don't actually know me. All you know is that I'm the girl... Elliot : Of course I know Shayla. I hacked her email as soon as she moved in next door. With a simple phishing scam, I owned her password pretty easily. I'm not talking about the stuff you can find online. I'm talking about the real me. Tell me, then. No. Forget it. I want to know. [sighs] Elliot : What is this? Shayla : I just put all the elements... It's beautiful.  Together. Elliot : I've never seen this before. She must...  Never posted online. Um, I mean, a lot of them's not... they're not done. Elliot : She's got her own private maze too. Took a lot of different pieces, um, from different things, like from my photographs or drawings and... Like, there's this one. Um, it's really f... ing corny, but, like, it has everything... the kids and the... Elliot : Shayla's bug was always elusive to me. Maybe this was it. Wanting normalcy but stuck in the outer fringes, not knowing how to participate. Just like me. Can I kiss you? Next time, don't ask. It's lame. Elliot : Bugs usually get a bad rap. But sometimes... Don't let me down, okay? Elliot : When a bug finally makes itself known, it can be exhilarating, like you just unlocked something. grand opportunity waiting to be taken advantage of. Mr. Wellick? Hey. What was your name again? Anwar. I didn't know you came to places like this. I don't. What do you mean? You're here now. I'm here because you are. What? Sorry, I don't get it. I think you're beautiful. I want to take you home. Wait, I thought you were married. Elliot : Because, after all, a bug's only purpose, it's only reason for existence is to be a mistake that needs fixing, to help you right a wrong. And what feels better than that? So, Elliot, do you think you should introduce us? Oh, um, Shayla, this is Angela and Ollie. You, uh, you look lovely this evening. [footsteps approaching] What up, guys? You just get here? Nice suit. Thanks, dude. [clears throat] sh1t. What is up with you? You've been fidgeting all night. Maybe we should try the doorbell again. [pushes doorbell] [knocks on door] Hey, guys. How long have you been standing out here? The doorbell is broken. I should have warned you. Come in. I'm Harry, by the way. Angela. Nice to meet you. Good to meet you. Always nice to put a face... Hey. With an employee badge number, right? Ollie, how long have you guys been together? 2 and a half years. 2 years. Okay. Elliot, how long have you and Shayla been together? Well, uh, um, J... just today. ♪ Memories passed ♪ 
♪ So free and easy ♪ 
♪ First and last... ♪ Okay, enough grilling of the guests. Let's check on the real grill, shall we? Elliot, I could use your help. So I have a confession. I had the SYS admins at the data center in Dulles check that server again. Elliot : Gideon, what did you do? Of course there was nothing. I have no idea what there was to even be suspicious about. I mean, what possible motivation would you have to do anything? I guess I was just being... Elliot : Gideon has to let this go. If he comes near this hornet's nest, I'm not sure I can save him from it. I have to kill any suspicion left. You've been nothing but a hard worker for Allsafe, so I apologize. After the conversation on the plane, I knew what was at stake... the whole company. I was worried that the DAT file I found wasn't the right one. I just didn't want to get your hopes up in case I was wrong. That's why I didn't tell you before the meeting. Elliot : sh1t. I'm gonna have to let him hug me, aren't I? You're such a brilliant engineer, Elliot, and you should never doubt your skills no matter how much pressure I put on you. And you certainly don't have to keep anything from me. I care about you. [laughter and chatter] [laughs] From the Mixed-up Files of Basil E. Frankweiler. That's where I got the idea, remember? I wanted to be Claudia Kincaid so bad. Even her name was cool. Remember we thought we were going to The Met, somehow we ended up at The Queens Museum instead? No Google Maps back then. I loved running away with you. Somehow when you're eight, running away can be fun. Elliot : The normal life. Smiles, dinner parties, childhood stories. I could get used to this, maybe even like it. [phone vibrates] What's wrong? NY1 reporter : Corp's hacking scandal continues with the release of these latest emails. Information stemming from the latest dump reveals that Terry Colby was one of three high-level executives involved in the cover-up of the widely publicized Washington Township toxic waste scandal. If these reports are true, Colby may be facing more indictments. In the ensuing 24 months after the alleged toxic waste leak in 1993, 26 employees died from similar types of leukemia. Evil Corp, however, managed to get the class-action lawsuit filed against it by the surviving victims dismissed, claiming there was no direct evidence linking their factories to the diagnoses. Now these emails indicate that Colby was in fact aware of the dangerous levels of toxicity and kept it a secret as it "would not be cost-effective to retool the current systems in place even if there are potential lawsuits". Mr. Colby was unavailable for comment, but his lawyer... Elliot : My perfect maze crumbling before my eyes. NY1 reporter : Data dump are further proof Colby was set up, but they didn't indicate by whom. Ellio : There's nothing to hide behind. I didn't think it existed, but there it was. Is. Mr. Robot finally found my bug. NY1 reporter : Linking the waste levels in Washington Township to the victims' illnesses. Legal analysts support the claim that there is not enough evidence... What's going on? That's how my mom, um, and Elliot's dad... I have to go. Wait, wait. Let me come with you. No, I'd rather you didn't. Evidence in the Washington Township scandal. Terry Colby remains under investigation for his alleged involvement with the... NY1 reporter : Dismissed because there was no evidence linking the waste levels in Washington Township... Evil Corp... Don't look so sad. He did this to himself. He gave in. He was a coward. He was weak and pathetic. And in the end, that's what killed your father. Why are you crying? Don't ask so many questions. I miss him. There's no point to that. But I do. Then you're just as weak as him. You're not sad? Why should I be? It's a beautiful night. The weather is nice, and I'm enjoying my cigarette. [brakes squeal] Elliot : The bug forces the software to adapt, evolve into something new because of it. Work around it or work through it. No matter what, it changes. It becomes something new. The next version. The inevitable upgrade. [moaning] [panting] You're a strange creature. I'm just a businessman. And that's about as clean as I'm gonna get it. You have to do the rest in the shower. I don't mind being a little dirty. I do. [shower running] [phone chiming] Anwar : You should join me. Yeah, I'll be there in a minute. Hey. I'm sorry that I ran off like that. Did you talk to him? Nope. He wasn't home. Well, I'm here. I want to talk to you about everything, just not tonight, okay? So you talked to him, but not with you boyfriend? It's different, Ollie. Both of our parents died because... That's how we know each other. I really don't want to talk about this right now. What if I do? What if you do what? Want to talk. About... something. What the hell are you talking about? I have to tell you something. Ollie : I don't know why you're putting yourself through this. You don't have to keep looking at it. All right? It meant nothing. Okay, I know I sound like a broken record, but I love you, and I want to be with you. Stop speaking. Just tell me what you need in order for me to fix this, and I'll do it. We need to break up. Angela, come on. What choice did you give me, Ollie? Look, I know I have a problem. I'm not denying that. Well, maybe my problem is I can't be with a guy with your problem. [exhales deeply] Where's the CD? It's in my... in my bag. Why? He has my bank account, Ollie. And my dad's bank account. How did they... Our accounts are linked because of my student loans. I used your laptop to access it. He has my dad's social security, his credit card numbers, everything. Okay. Okay, that is bad, but I'm sure the cops will figure out a way... If we don't do what this guy says and we go to the cops, then he's just going to sell our information to the highest bidder, and me and my dad are completely screwed. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to come back from massive identity theft like this? What are you saying? Angela, are you crazy? No, we cannot just infect Allsafe's network because of this. I'll lose my job. And there it is. You'll lose your job too, if that matters. Besides, even if we put the CD in, who says this guy won't just do all this anyway? [sighs] [sighs] Hey. Hey, hey, come here. Look at me. We are going to figure this out. Okay? You're right. You're right. I'm sorry. I'm just scared. I don't want to break up with you. [crying] I'm sorry that I said that. [sniffs] Oh. [sighs] I love you so much. [vacuum cleaner running] [sighs] [phone line rings] This is admin, Dulles.  Yeah, hi, this is Gideon Goddard at Allsafe Security. I need to talk to Sean Skyler about server CS30 again. Hold please. I'll transfer you. [opera music playing] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Here's the plan. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 