Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt - Mr. Robot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=303&t=20010 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/20/15 07:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mr. Robot : Exciting time in the world right now. 
 Exciting time. 
 If you agree to testify, I will testify that I broke chain of custody with the .DAT file. 
 We've implemented a honey pot, CS30. 
 I'd like to look over your findings, especially this server. 
 Detectives came by. They want to speak with you. 
 They found a body on the roof. And you both did know the deceased. Sharon Knowles. Sharon Knowles? Aah! I think the baby's coming. We got to get her to the hospital. Tell me about your father. I remember I tried to hug him, tell him I'm sorry, and he shoved me so hard, I fell backwards out the window. Oh, my God, Elliot! Did you forget again? Did you forget who I am? I'm your...   Sister. I think we should talk. It hasn't happened since 1904, the year John McGraw decided to take his bat and ball and go home. Here we are 90 years later, and I want to get your thoughts on what it was like to be without the 1994 World Series. That's right, the 1994 World Series cancelled...  [phone ringing]  If you would have told me back in August when the players voted to walk out that we would be here where we are today, I would have told you no way, no how, that's not gonna happen. But hey, if I ever get it wrong, I admit it. So, what happened? I want to hear from you...  Mr. Robot. Um, well, I'd recommend the Pentium 90. They're lighting fast, and we've got some in stock now. With an 800 megabyte hard drive, you'll be all set. Or we could save you a few bucks and upgrade what you have. Once we swap out that motherboard and hard drive, you'll be better than new. Why don't you bring it on by, and we'll take a look. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. What happened? That new mouse not work out for you? Your son, he stole money from me. Uh, excuse me? Your son stole money from me. I pulled out my wallet, and I specifically remembered I had three 20s. Now I only have one. I used one to pay for the mouse, and then I had two left. Your son was standing right behind me when I had my money out on the counter. I... just calm down. I'm sure there's an explanation for this. I don't want an explanation. The only thing I want from you is my money and a f... ING apology. There's no need for that. I'm just trying to figure it out. Can you tell how much of a sh1t I give about that? Ugh. I don't have time for this. Are you giving me my money or not? Look, do the right thing here, guy. Then, no. Excuse me? The answer's no. Are you... you being serious right now? [sighs] I can't help you. You... you're really just gonna sit there and lie? I should call the cops! [laughs] What an example you're setting. I... I earn my money, and you're just teaching him how to steal. You're a terrible father. I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. You're a nobody. You're a middle-aged man doing what my retarded nephew could do. That's your life. [laughs] You know what? Keep your 20. I'll just go to Best Buy from now on. [laughs] God... [door bell jingles] [sighs] [sighs] Come on out. [indistinct radio chatter] Dad, I didn't do it. Let me see it. [sighs] [sighs] "Timecop" or "Stargate"? What? 20 bucks ought to cover the both of us. "Pulp Fiction"? Never heard of it. Sure I can take you to that? All right, get your jacket. [coughing] [sighs] What? How come I'm not in trouble? Even though what you did was wrong, you're still a good kid, and that guy was a prick. Sometimes that matters more. Come on, let's go. It starts in 15 minutes. I want to get some popcorn. Come on. [dark piano music] ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ It's really him. It's really you. Never been to your apartment before. It's nice. A little messy, but that's not Earth-shattering news. You never really did like cleaning your room. Jesus f... ING Christ. I can't believe it's really you. I was beginning to wonder how long it was gonna take before you recognized me. The fact that you stopped recognizing Darlene too, well... I got to be honest, that's a little disconcerting. Why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you tell me? Okay, Elliot... This whole time? Elliot, you are not well. I was trying to handle it gently. Gently? Gently? Gently? Is that what the last three months have been? No. It's been about us doing something important, and that's what it still needs to be about. You died. You died. You're dead! [car door shuts] I suggest you lower your voice. [mysterious music] ♪ ♪ Lower my voice? You want me to lower my voice after appearing at my door 20 years after your supposed death? I think this is a perfect f... ING volume! Elliot, you don't want them to hear us. Especially after my impromptu visit from Tyrell Wellick last night. Elliot, there are people out there who do not want us to work together. Is that why they've been following me? Is that why, because of you? Think about it. You don't remember me. You don't remember your own God damn sister. You see that shrink, pop their pills. They intentionally put you in this haze, fog, or whatever brain matter you have left in there, so you forget what they want you to forget. They're trying to control you, Elliot. They've been trying to control you all along. This is crazy. I'm crazy. I'm crazy. You're crazy. This is crazy. What are you talking about? Who's trying to control me? The people out there who don't want me alive. The people who are afraid of us. We have to be more careful, now more than ever. And Darlene, she knew about this? Elliot, I will explain everything, but right now, tonight, we have to stick to the plan. Are you kidding me? You want me to put this on hold? Are you out of your God damn mind? It's not safe to discuss this here. I don't give a sh1t! Tell me what the f... is going on. All right. Come on, let's go. Where? You want answers? Stop asking questions and follow me. Oh, that's sweet. I... I can't. You're going too fast. Trust me, don't think that's the problem. Hey. I know you didn't want to talk last night. No, Harry, I can't right now. I have to... Breathe... and have some breakfast in bed with me. [sighs] How are you enjoying anything like that? [laughs] Mm. Honey, I appreciate it. I... God, if you only knew. Tell me. I would love to know. They hacked us. You know that. It's all over the news. Now, normally a company can get through this, but we're a cyber security company. Can you appreciate how bad that is? We're hanging on by our fingernails. Ugh, who knows? Maybe we've already fallen off a cliff, and I'm still trying to grasp on to something. [sighs] I'm a failure. Look at me. Look at this person who loves you so much he would die a happy man right now just 'cause he had this, us, sitting down and having breakfast. I don't think failing looks like this. [stirring music] ♪ ♪ [both laugh] Make sure you go through all those emails again, everything from '91 to '95, and let's start building a table that cross-references our calendar. Yes, ma'am. Hey, good to see you. Oh, you should be proud. News of Colby's confession is breaking today. So far we are firing on all cylinders, so what's up? I came to help out. [phone ringing] Yeah, can you rescan these and email the .PDFs to me and copy Ry on them? Shouldn't you be at work? I quit. Angela, you can't work here. Why not? I gave up everything for this case. I don't want you to. I am not here to help you find purpose in your life. If you need something to do, take a jewelry class, but you can't work here. After what I did, I won't be able to find another job in tech. I'm broke. The lawsuit money won't come in for years. Which is why you need to find something you can get. But this is not it, not at this level for what we're trying to do. [phone rings] Hello? John. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, tell me. Um... four? No, no, no, we're not going down that road. Absolutely not. It's not happening. No, it's gonna be six or nothing. [phone buzzing] Who is this?  It's me. I'm looking for Elliot. He's not at work. I think he's flipping out again.   What do you mean? He tried to kiss me last night. You're the one that found him last time he was like this. I really need your help. Okay, where are you? It says so right here on the... Is that right? Yeah. Wow. [footsteps approaching] He's not here. Let's keep thinking then. I have been. This was our runaway hideout. He always came here. Okay, let's spitball together. I can't help you. What does that mean? It means... I don't really know Elliot any more. He has gone psycho legit this time, Angela. We are in a state of 911. We just need to talk to him. Yeah, well, he doesn't want to talk back. And if he does, it's usually with a bunch of lies. We can't keep protecting him from himself, Darlene. He has saved our asses multiple times, and you're just gonna do him like this? Why do you even care? What is that supposed to mean? It means you guys were never that close. In fact, he's been doing just fine until you moved back to the city. Why are you even here? Why have you and Elliot been spending so much time together? Okay, you need to back off, babe. He is my brother, and I'm just trying to help. That requires no explanation. You don't want to tell me what's really going on here, that's fine, but then stop asking me for my help. [dark music] ♪ ♪ [indistinct P.A. announcer] I think we're good. Remember this? Of course I do. I think it's reasonable for me to confirm given your... I even remember my game. I'd calculate the statistical probability of safety for each car on the train based on how often they would derail. On the way there, I'd always pick the safest car 'cause I looked forward to our trips to the city so much. Then on the way back, I'd pick the most dangerous ones... 'cause I hated going home. She's not there any more, Elliot. Look, I don't know where we're going, but we need to find Darlene. They may be after her... Shh. I thought that was you. Oh, my God. I haven't seen you in forever. [indistinct P.A. announcer] [sighs] We can't see Darlene right now. It's too risky. I know you're confused, Elliot, but I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you exactly where I've been this whole time. Look, calm down. I'll figure this out. I know you don't trust me. I wouldn't either, but I'm telling you, I'm remembering more and more now as time goes on. That's a plus. It's all starting to come back, and once we get all the answers, I'll be back to normal, except for the fact that my dead father isn't really dead and is sitting across from me. [stirring music] I'm gonna step outside and give you guys a moment to yourselves. We'll try feeding him again later, okay? Okay. [indistinct radio chatter] We're not letting anybody through. No, I know the owner. Freddy, are you okay? Is everyone okay? What the hell happened? I'm still trying to figure that one out myself. I was gone one day upstate. They're saying it was electrical, but who knows? On hold with the insurance. Cocksuckers are doing their typical dance. Yeah, I was on hold? No, wait... not again. Well, I just came by to pick up some drives one of my employees dropped off yesterday. I'm sorry you wasted the trip. Everything's gone. [tense music] ♪ ♪ 
 
 Tyrell. [chuckles] What was it? Boy? Yeah. Good. Thank you for the flowers, sir. If I'm being honest, it was Anwar who sent the flowers. He has a way with them. [laughs] [chuckles] Tyrell, you don't know me to beat around the bush, so I'll get right to it. Have a seat. You understand the delicate state we're in these days. As I'm sure you're aware, this situation with Sharon Knowles is... it's horrific. Scott is understandably devastated by it. Yeah, my heart goes out to him. I don't know what I'd do if... Yeah, yeah, I know, I know, but... The thing is that the police have indicated to Scott and to me that you are a person of interest. They're suspicions are based on information Scott gave them about advances you made on Sharon? Look, Tyrell, it was not lost on me that you and Scott had your own competitive frictions. Hell, the man nabbed CTO right out from under you. I'm sure his distress is just causing him to lash out, and you're an easy target for him, and of course I doubt you're involvement in this mishap, but... but... [sighs] The problem remains. Scott will continue here, but you, I'm afraid, can not. I'm not sure what you're saying, Phillip. [laughs] You know exactly what I'm saying. [electronic music] Phillip, you can't do this. You can't do this. You can't! I've killed myself for this company! I've been promoted faster than anyone else! ♪ ♪ You know, I can't deny I tried picturing your reaction. I seldom have time for such imaginings. For you, I was curious. It could've gone any number of ways, and I found all the different versions quite interesting, I admit, but now... confronted with the reality... I have to say I'm disappointed. Phillip, please don't do this. I was on a track. There was a moment, Tyrell, a point in your recent past, a mistake, a compulsion, decision, something, that led you to this point right now. My only advice to you is... find that moment, understand it. It's the only way to reconcile this... this failure with yourself. Please, sir, don't do this. I'm begging you. I... I love this company. [dark music] ♪ ♪ Mr. Wellick, you can't keep ignoring us. If you have any questions, contact my lawyer. If you have evidence against me, charge me. I know I brought you back to township, but stopping by our old house is not part of the plan. Come on, these people are gonna be home soon. Not the best time for a B and E. This is where it happened, isn't it? What? Where what happened? You remember anything about that window? Come on, Elliot. Like I said, we should go. Elliot, what are you doing? Calm down. Aah! Ugh! You pushed me out this window. Elliot... You pushed me off the boardwalk. Hey, come on. No. Maybe you're the one who needs some pushing now. Calm down. It was an accident. Bullshit! I was eight years old. You thought I deserved it. That's what you said, isn't it? No, no. Yeah, right before you pushed me again! No, no, no, Elliot, you thought you deserved it. You felt guilty about this your whole life, about telling people my secret. This anger was never at me. It was at you. Please, Elliot, you don't have to be angry at yourself any more. Just let it go. Please let it go. You're right. I was angry. I was angry at myself. I hated myself for doing what I did to you. I'm ready to let go. Aah! [body lands] [rock music] ♪ ♪ Gonna work in the garden a little. It'd be nice if you wanted to help. Oh, by the way, you didn't tell me Darlene was back in town. I haven't seen her back here in a while. What did you say? Darlene. At least, I think it was her. You saw her? Where? I'm telling you, I did not get notification of the request. That server needs to remain a honey pot, off the network. Sir, I have the request right here from yesterday. I'm trying to tell you, Jim, our network was compromised yesterday. I did not make the request. Someone else obviously did, so you need to take the server off the network, or something's gonna happen. I just can't do that, sir. We have specific orders from Tyrell Wellick to keep the request as is. That just doesn't make any sense. Look, I need to speak to your supervisor. [tense music] ♪ ♪ Hello? Is anyone here? Hello? Oh, Jesus. I ran out of places to look, so I figured I'd try the last place he'd ever be. Struck out again. Oh, God. I haven't been here in years. The new family that just moved in is so weird, especially the dad. They didn't really change much. You okay? Yeah. [car approaching] sh1t. Weird new dad's back. [door slides shut] I'm sorry, by the way. For what? I should be more open with you, your family. Okay, okay. Don't get all mushy on me now. Do you see that? Wasn't that Elliot's room? [gasping] We're almost there. Almost there. Why... Why are we here? I thought you said we were going somewhere safe. Aah! Elliot! Elliot! sh1t. What the hell are they doing here? Won't be long now. I tried to protect you, son, but they caught up to us. - Elliot! What are you talking about? That's Darlene and Angela. Trust me, son, I wanted to tell you sooner. Things got too accelerated at the end there. You have to believe that. No matter what anyone tries to do, I will never leave you. I will always be right here. Do you understand that? They are not going to break us apart again. What's going on? Listen to me. Tell me right now! Listen to me because we don't have much time. They're gonna try and get rid of me again, and I need you to not let them! Why would they get rid of you? Please, Elliot, listen to me. I will never leave you. I will never leave you alone again. I love you, son. [poignant music] ♪ ♪ What's he talking about? What's he talking about? Hey, I want to know. I want to know. I want to know! Elliot, who are you talking to? What do you mean? I'm talking to... ♪ ♪ Stay back. Stay back. Elliot, you're bleeding. Aah. Elliot...  Aah. Elliot, what are you doing here? You didn't see him? Who? Aah! This can't be happening. This can't be happening. This can't be happening. No... This is happening, isn't it? You knew all along, didn't you? Elliot, who do you think you've been talking to? You're gonna make me say it, aren't you? I'm Mr. Robot. [indistinct P.A. announcer] You're gonna be okay. I think I'm pretty f... ING far from okay. Don't take this the wrong way, but I envy you. I wish I could talk to my mom again, even if she isn't real. [stirring music] ♪ ♪ [train horn blows] Take care of yourself, okay? I know you don't feel like talking about it... You're right, I don't. Unfortunately I need to know, Elliot, given what we've been doing. I just need to know. Do you remember any of it? Remember what? When we first started F Society. Is Mr. Wellick in? Oh, hi, Mr. Goddard. No, he's gone. He was, um... He was let go today. What? Why? I don't know. He wasn't always the easiest person to deal with. I... I'm sure. Uh, do you think you can get me in to see Scott Knowles? It's urgent. Oh, no, definitely not now. You haven't heard? Dad, what's going on? I'll let you two talk. I know, I know, but hey, you popped in over at my home. I figured I'd return the favor. What do you want? To offer you something you may want. Come on in. If this is about the case... Please. I don't care about the case. I don't even understand the case. I have lawyers for that. Then what? You boys can wait outside. [dark music] ♪ ♪ So I got to be honest, I was impressed by you. [door closes] Sure, your career's finished, but you played a great short game. You took a big gamble, and you got what you wanted. It was just, you know, the wrong thing to want. What do you care? You know, I looked into you over there at Allsafe. [laughs] I mean, lots of people would've settled into middle management bliss after all the sh1t you've taken, but you didn't. You're relentless and smart, and that combination is very valuable to a lot of important people, people I know. Where are you going with all of this? I think I can land you a pretty lucrative gig. A gig? Where? Your favorite place, where else? You slummed it all the way down to Jersey in person to offer me a job at the company I'm currently suing? What's the real ask here? I think you'd make a great business woman. I'm afraid it's nothing more than that. Is this a joke?  It's no joke. My pals think you can bring a lot to the table. You can't be offering me a job there. You're testifying against them. So, you'll find this out fairly soon, but in business, grudges aren't really a thing. It's too emotional. It's because you pulled off what you pulled off that they called me. This is a huge class action lawsuit. They are going to pay millions. Roughly 75 to 100 million. I mean, that's what their lawyers will settle for after they exhaust most of your legal team's funds for the next seven years. And sure, that is... that's a lot of money, but not to them, not really. We started a rainy-day fund when the leak happened just for this occasion. The fund itself has already made five times that amount. I'd like to ask you to leave. Shall I pass your name along then? I'm not working there. They killed my mother. And every fast food joint around the corner delivers diabetes to millions of people. Phillip Morris hands out lung cancer on the hour, every hour. I mean, hell, everyone's destroying the planet beyond the point of no return. Are you really gonna start taking all of these things so personally? Maybe I will. Maybe someone has to. A suggestion: If you want to change things, perhaps you should try from within, because this is what happens from the outside. These guys don't wait on anyone, so you'll have to let them know by tomorrow. I'll show myself out. [door opens, closes] These are all empty. Are you just filling them and dumping them? Where are your new 'scrips? What does it matter? I don't even know what's real any more. Look, I know you feel shitty right now, but once you take your meds... Maybe we should stop it, Darlene. Stop what? The plan. The hack. Everything. Maybe we shouldn't execute it. What? Why? The minute our infected server gets back on the main network, we're set. It wasn't me. The whole time, it wasn't really me doing all of that. Elliot, the reasons we wanted to do this, the reasons why we all wanted to do this, are real. Maybe you don't realize this, but this was your idea. You came up with this. There is a part of you. Somewhere deep down inside, that knows this is the right thing to do. I'm gonna get your meds. We'll talk more when I get back, okay? Come on. What would you do if you were in my shoes? I know. I know, I'm officially crazy, but the plan isn't, is it? What the hell are you... Shh. I've been waiting outside your apartment until she left. Didn't want anyone to know I'm here. I know you're behind it, all of it, F Society, the server, Colby, Allsafe. You're the one constant in a sea of variables. Elliot... now, I don't know what your grand plan is, but I need to, and you're going to tell me. Two days ago I strangled a woman to death just with my hands. That's a strange sensation. Something so tremendous done by something so simple. The first ten seconds were... uncomfortable, a feeling of limbo, but then your muscles tense, and she struggles and fights, but it almost disappears in the background along with everything else in the world. At that moment it's just you and absolute power, nothing else. That moment stayed with me. I thought I'd feel guilty for being a murderer, but... I don't. I feel wonder. [stirring piano music] ♪ ♪ How long has this been going on? I don't know. And what is it that you're doing exactly? Encrypting all the files. All of Evil Corp's financial records will be impossible to access. The encryption key will self-delete after the process completes. What about the backups? I took care of that too. Chainang. Steel Mountain. Of course, even when we went redundant. I hacked the Air Dream network. I was in all of them. You really thought of everything. Who else was involved? Just me. Well, now it's you and me. I've always told you we'd end up working together, Elliot. But still, I have to know. Why did you do it? What did you hope to accomplish by doing all of this? I don't know. I wanted to save the world. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 