Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - eps1.0_hellofriend.mov - Mr. Robot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - eps1.0_hellofriend.mov https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=303&t=18530 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/29/15 03:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - eps1.0_hellofriend.mov 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hello, friend. 
 Hello, friend? 
 That's lame. 
 Maybe I should give you a name, but that's a slippery slope. 
 You're only in my head. 
 We have to remember that. 
 sh1t. 
 It's actually happened, I'm talking to an imaginary person. 
 What I'm about to tell you is top secret, a conspiracy bigger than all of us. 
 There's a powerful group of people out there that are secretly running the world. 
 I'm talking about the guys no one knows about, the guys that are invisible. 
 The top 1% of the top 1%, the guys that play God without permission. 
 And now I think they're following me. [brakes screeching] This is about last night. I should've gone to Angela's birthday party. Instead, I went to... woman : Hey, Ron. There you go. You're Ron. But your real name is Rohit Mehta. You changed it to Ron when you bought your first Ron's Coffee Shop six years ago. Now you got 17 of 'em with 8 more coming next quarter. May I help you with something? I like coming here 'cause your Wi-Fi was fast. I mean, you're one of the few spots that has a fiber connection with gigabit speed. It's good. So good, it scratched that part of my mind, part that doesn't allow good to exist without condition, so I started intercepting all the traffic on your network. That's when I noticed something strange. It's when I decided to hack you. Hack... I know you run a website called Plato's Boys. Pardon me? You're using Tor networking to keep the servers anonymous. You made it really hard for anyone to see it, but I saw it. The onion routing protocol, it's not as anonymous as you think it is. Whoever's in control of the exit nodes is also in control of the traffic, which makes me... the one in control. I must ask you to kindly leave. I own everything. All your emails. All your files. All your... pics. Get out of here right now, or I'll call the... Police? You want them to find out about the 100 terabytes of child pornography you serve to your 400,000 users? Personally, man, I was hoping it was just gonna be some BDSM stuff. You realize how much simpler that would have been? I did not hurt anyone. I never did. That's my... personal life. I understand what it's like to be different. I'm very different too. I mean, I don't jerk off to little kids, but... I don't know how to talk to people. My dad was the only one I could talk to. But he died. I'm sorry to hear that. How did he pass, may I ask? Leukemia. He definitely got it from radiation at the company he worked at, though I couldn't prove it. Now he's dead. Company's fine, though. [sobs] Oh... hey. It's okay, Rohit. You don't have to worry anymore. I don't understand. Are you blackmailing me? So that's what this is about... money. That's all you care about, huh? No. If I pay you now, you'll want more and more. No matter how much I give. You will inform the police anyway. I won't pay you, sir. Remember, you also broke the law. Actually, you're right. Partly. See, I usually do this kind of thing from my computer, but this time I wanted to do it AFK. In person. Trying to work on my social anxiety. But there's always the threat of you fleeing after I call you out. You'd tell your sys admin to take your servers down, wipe all the data. So I made sure to include the current time and... and location on my anonymous tip. Wait. Hold on. I'll give you the money. I'll pay you. How much do you want? I'll pay you. That's the part you were wrong about, Rohit. I don't give a sh1t about money. Elliot : Now I'm being followed. The higher ups don't like someone with my powers. In three short minutes, I destroyed a man's business, life, existence. I deleted him. Hey! Hey, you. Hey, kiddo. What's happening? Exciting time in the world right now. Exciting time. Elliot : But I'm only a vigilante hacker by night. By day, just a regular cyber security engineer, employee number ER28-0652. man : Elliot! In here. What's up? El. [overlapping chatter] All over the price... Yeah, I can totally... I can totally handle it. They were hacked again last night. Gideon... Elliot : That's my childhood friend Angela. She can be a bit high strung sometimes, but trust me... she's one of the good ones. What am I looking at? Is this the log file? This was a RUDY attack. This is awesome. Gideon, will you answer me? Awesome? You think this is awesome? This is killing us, Elliot. Gideon, I'm not... Angela! Let's just see how this meeting goes today. Their networks are getting attacked every week. Who knows if they'll still even be a client. They're coming in? Hey, what did we say about the dress code? All right, now, look over those logs. And be ready this afternoon in case they have any questions. Okay? Okay. Start smoking again? Did you not get my texts last night? I sent you exactly 13 of them. Yeah, I'm sorry. I couldn't make it. You promised me that you were gonna try this time. [muffed pop music] ♪ ♪ Stop thinking about something else when I'm talking to you. I hate when you do that. Sorry. I was thinking about work. Maybe that's why Gideon loves you so much. He thanks me all the time for bringing you in. But for some reason, I think you secretly hate it here. Elliot : She was right. I liked most of the people, but our business, a cyber security firm that protects corporations... I can't think of anything I hate more. No, I love it here. [both chuckle] I'm sorry. I'm just in a bad mood. I'm late on my last two student loan payments, and I can't get Gideon to give me a raise. Hey... Hi. Yo, buddy. Missed you last night. Where were you? Gotta go. Big meeting today. Did you find out what happened? Yeah. He said he was working. Oh, come on. You gotta talk to him. We're gonna be late for the staff meeting. He can't stand me. And you know why. Angela, I can't have that kind of negativityin my life. That's exactly what I'm talking about. woman : What are you thinking about? Nothing. You want to know what I'm thinking about? First time you came to me. Elliot :I didn't exactly come to Krista. I was forced here. But I do like her. Hacking her was simple. Her password: Dylan 2791. Favorite artist and the year in which she was born, backwards. Though she's a psychologist, she's really bad at reading people. But I'm good at reading people. My secret: I look for the worst in them. I know she went through a divorce four years ago. I know she was devastated by it and has been dating losers on eHarmony ever since. Her most recent foray... Michael Hansen. I searched for him online, but nothing came up. No LinkedIn, no Facebook, nothing. Something about him bugs me, scratching that part of my mind again. But I'll hack him soon enough. I always do. I know you're not yelling like before, which is good. But I can tell you're still holding on to it. And we need to work on your anger issues, Elliot. You're angry at everyone, at society... Elliot : F... society. I know you have a lot to be angry about, but keeping it to yourself and staying quiet like you're doing... it's not going to help you. There's pain underneath. That's where our work needs to go. What is it about society that disappoints you so much? [tense music] Oh, I don't know. Is it that we collectively thought Steve Jobs was a great man, even when we knew he made billions off the backs of children? Or maybe it's that it feels like all our heroes are counterfeit. The world itself's just one big hoax. Spamming with our running commentary of bullshit masquerading as insight, our social media faking as intimacy. Or is it that we voted for this? Not with our rigged elections, but with our things, our property, our money. I'm not saying anything new. We all know why we do this, not because Hunger Games books makes us happy but because we wanna be sedated. Because it's painful not to pretend, because we're cowards. F... society. [Krista, echoing] [normal voice] Elliot. You're not saying anything. What's wrong? Nothing. Don't be frustrated. Why shouldn't I be? You're different than most. You at least try. You at least understand. Understand what? What it's like to feel alone. You understand the pain. You want to protect people from it. You want to protect me from it. I respect that about you. Why do you think I know what it's like to feel alone? Elliot : sh1t! From her emails! Elliot? I don't know. Let's talk about last night. Did you go to Angela's birthday party? [pop music playing] Yeah. It was nice. Did you try to talk to anyone? Sure. I got a girl's number. You did? [chuckles] She's cute. She likes The Hunger Games. You're hiding again, Elliot. When you hide, your delusions come back. It's a slippery slope. Let's talk about the men in black you've been seeing. Are they still there? No, I... told you they're gone. The meds you gave me Yo, man. Do you wanna, uh... you wanna do lunch today? Uh, yeah... I got other plans. Other plans. Right. That's... what you said the last three times I asked you. Look, bud, you... and Angela have been close for a long time, and that's even more reason why I want us to be on good terms. I... I just... I feel like things have been awkward between us. Don't you? I'm okay with it being awkward between us. [laughs] Um, yeah. I... I'm... I'm not okay with that. Um... look, man, I love Angela, and I want us to... to get along for her sake. I mean, that's what I'm... that's what I'm here for. I just, I... I don't normally do stuff... Elliot : Am I crazy not to like this guy? Among some of his Facebook likes are George W. Bush's Decision Points, Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen, and the music of Josh Groban. Must I really justify myself any further? I'm working on that sh1t, you know? His was the easiest to hack. Password was 123456Seven. I witnessed his first "I love you" with Angela over Gchat, then I witnessed the first of many infidelities with Stella B. I've never done anything like this before... I've thought about telling Angela, but she has shitty taste in men, and I'm not quite ready to see what comes after this just yet. You like music. I like music. Maroon 5. Plus I can manage Ollie easier than the others. for now, anyway. And that's all I mean. [sighs] I just want you to know that. I like you, bro, and... I want you to like me too. I understand. I'll try harder. That's cool, man. Hey, whenever you're ready, I'd love to just... chill. Oh... forgot about your... no touching thing. Truth is, I shouldn't hate Ollie; he's not that bad a guy. He's too dumb to be bad. In fact, when I think about the really bad people... [tense music] E Corp, the largest conglomerate in the world... they're so big, they're literally everywhere. A perfect monster of modern society. The E might as well stand for Evil. woman : And all of life's necessities... Elliot : In fact, after a thorough, intensive self-reprogramming, that's all my mind hears, sees, or reads when they pop up in my world. woman : That was have to offer. Together, we can change the world, with E... Elliot : Evil Corp. Krista would have a sh1t fit if she knew I did that. But that's what they are... a conglomerate of evil. And now I have to help them. There are six on-site engineers on your account. Plus a few off-site... There he is, Terry Colby, the CTO. Even though he's the head technology guy at one of the biggest companies in the world, he owns a Blackberry. So this is it right here. But also looks like he doesn't see a terminal very often He's not a techie. He's a moron. An arrogant moron. The worst kind. [keys clicking] [stops typing] Oh, hi. Tyrell Wellick. I'm Senior Vice President, Technology. Elliot. Just a tech. Don't be so humble. You know, I started out exactly where you are, and... to be honest, you know, my heart is still there. So I see you're running Gnome. You know, I'm actually on KDE myself. I know this desktop environment is supposed to be better but... you know what they say. Old habits... they die hard. Elliot : An executive running Linux with... Yeah, I know what you're thinking. I'm an executive. I mean... why am I even running Linux? Again... old habits. It's gonna be fun working with you. I should join the rest of the group. Bonsoir, Elliot. Sometimes I dream of saving the world. Saving everyone from the invisible hand, one that brands us with an employee badge. The one that forces us to work for them... The one that controls us every day without us knowing it. But I can't stop it. I'm not that special. I'm just anonymous. I'm just alone. If it weren't for Qwerty, I'd be completely empty. I hate when I can't hold in my loneliness. This crying has been happening too often, every other week now. What do normal people do when they get this sad? They reach out to friends or family, I think. That's not an option. I do morphine. The key to doing morphine without turning into a junkie is to limit yourself to 30 milligrams a day. [inhaling] Anything more just builds up your tolerance. I check every pill I get for purity. I have 8 milligram Suboxone for maintenance in case I go through withdrawals. sh1t! I'm out again. [door closes] Elliot : How much? On the house. No, Shayla. Not doing that. Okay? This is just a regular drug deal like it always is. Fine. So what are you you to tonight? 'Cause I tried to post something on your Facebook and couldn't find you. I'm not on Facebook. What? Why not? 'Cause I hate Facebook. [car alarm repeats in background] That's crazy. Well... you want to do these together then? Pure Molly... [siren in distance] Elliot : Don't ever make decisions when you're on morphine. [phone buzzes] [buzzing] Instagram check-in for Krista at Pierre Loti. Okay, Michael Hansen. Time to find out who you really are. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [laughing] Thank you. Bye. Bye. [line ringing] Taxi! Uh, hi... I just left my keys in one of your cabs. 56Y2. Sure. What about you two? Huh? You guys got any spare change? Help me out? New York's expensive, guys. Come on. 306 Hawthorne. Thank you. Thank you. [tense instrumentals] ♪ ♪ Come on, asshole Piss already. Come on! [dog whines] Come on! Will you... will you go? Come on, go, go! Hey! Go, will ya? [dog whines] Hey. May I borrow your phone? Mine's dead. I need to call my mom. Thank you. [line ringing] No answer. Thanks anyway. [phone buzzes] Angela, is everything okay? I need you to come to AllSafe. You're there? It's 3:00 in the morning. They attacked Evil Corp servers again, but it's bad this time. It's a DDoS attack. Elliot : Did you call Lloyd? He's on call. Yeah, he's here. Is he talking to their tech department? He's online with them, but so far nothing. I don't think that Lloyd can handle this. Look, Gideon just put me on this account. I can't screw up in my first week. I need you. Please. I'll be right there. [Angela exhales] Finally! Calm down... it's only been an hour. Yeah, well, an hourin Evil Corp time is like $13 million in revenue, approximately. Actually, I calculated that. That's exactly how much they lost. Don't worry. I got you. Lloyd, what's up? [keys clicking] Lloyd! Elliot. This is bad. Worst DDoS attack I've ever seen. Did you reconfigure the DNS? Yes! Stop the services. I already stopped the services, tries to reboot the servers but they're not coming back up. Dude, someone is straight up fingerblasting their entire network right now. They just started reporting on the outage. Elliot : sh1t. This is worse than I thought. They're in the network? Gideon : What's the status update? Is here. I thought we set up security protocols so that this doesn't happen. [keys clicking] Where's the attack coming from? Everywhere, obviously. The USA, Finland, Thailand, Kuwait... Start restarting the services, load sharing, redirect the traffic. Call Prolexic for help. Wait. What? I don't think this is just a DDoS attack. I think they got a rootkit sitting inside the servers. What's a rootkit? It's like a crazy serial rapist with a very big dick. Jesus, Lloyd. Sorry. It's malicious code that completely takes over their system. It can delete system files and stop programs. Viruses, worms... How do we stop it? That's the thing. It's fundamentally invisible... you can't stop it. All of their servers are timing out. None of them are coming back up. That's because every time we restart the server the virus replicates itself during boot up and crashes the host. How are we supposed to bring up the network if we can'trestart the servers? We can't. Which is what they wanted. By defending ourselves, we ended up spreadingthe virus everywhere. Only thing we can do is we've gotta take the whole system offline, wipe the infected servers clean, then bring them back up. You're coming with me. Yeah. Lloyd. Tell everybody to start taking everything offline. On it. Uh, the server farm in Dulles. We're gonna need the jet. [edgy music] ♪ ♪ They're booting the network back up. Now, you're downloading the logs, right because... Stop. Tell him to stop. What? Don't start the boot sequence. You guys missed one. There's an infected server up and running. What's the ETA before it hits this server? Elliot :The backup server up and running? tech : It's ready, but it's not configured for auto switch. Elliot : We need to redirect the traffic, need to switch DNS. You got this, you got this, you got this. Gideon : This is impossible. You got this, you got this, you got this. Gideon : It's almost at the back server! We still up? [exhales] We're okay. [keys clicking] Yeah. [continues typing] Hank. I'm gonna take a look at the infected server, okay? Give me a minute. Yeah. Uh... I'll meet you at the elevators. 
 
 Elliot : They must have left a mark or something. Every hacker loves attention. They don't just do DDoS attacks for no reason. This is it. Fsociety. Is that supposed to be a joke? This was way too easy. They didn't hide it well at all. This note is for me. They're telling me to leave it here. But why? Doesn't matter. Time to shut them down. [tense music] Why can't I delete it? I don't want to delete it. I want it to stay. What's wrong with me? ♪ ♪ I'll reconfigure the access to the root directory so only I can use it. And no one will know. For you, sir. Did you know that I'm gay? Uh... No. Hmm. Consider this me coming out to you then, okay? It's hard because I don't like to talk about my s*x life. But my partner, he gets very paranoid. He thinks I'm ashamed of... He wants me to be more public about it, so, Anyway, I'm gay. Thanks. Yeah. [sighs] Hey, man, don't worry about it. Hackers have a short attention span. They'll get bored, harass someone else. Evil Corp is thinking about leaving us. And I don't know if I can blame them. Elliot : They could have called their other security teams. Mm. They called you. Well, somebody over there likes us, but Terry Colby, he's getting the pressure. and he calls the shots. Gideon : Evil Corp is 80% of our business. If we lose them, it's gonna be it for us. It's gonna be it... For me. I feel like I can talk to you. I mean, more than the others, anyway. I'm sure, in a weird way, you'll be happy if we went under. Oh, come on. Come on. I know you hate wearing those stupid shirts. Gideon? I promise I'll find them. [indistinct muttering] [Eliot] Evil Corp service should be back up soon enough. I'll take a look at the dat file. I'll ask my IRC contacts about fsociety when I get home. I've never seen their name on the boards though. They've gotta be new, but they're good. [grunts] Rough night? I'm getting off here. I think you should come with me. But only if you didn't delete it. You deleted it, we got nothing to talk about. Are you talking to me? announcer : Stand clear of the closing doors, please. [door chimes] Who are you? We gotta wait for the Q. Then what? Then we're going to Brooklyn. Out by Coney Island. Why? What's there? [exhales deeply] Obviously you're gonna ask a lot of questions. It's weird what you're doing right now, I get it. I-I can't tell you anything until we get there. Can't smoke in here. You've been following me. Why? What do you want from me? My dad was a petty thief. Never could hold down a job. So, he just robbed, convenience stores, shops, small-time stuff. One time, he sat me down, he told me something I never forgot. He said, "Everyone steals. That's how it works. You think people out there are getting exactly what they deserve? No. They're getting paid over or under, but someone in the chain always gets bamboozled. I steal, son, but I don't get caught. That's my contract with society. Now if you can catch me stealing, I'll go to jail. But if you can't, then I've earned the money." I respected that, man. I thought that sh1t was cool as a little kid. A few years after that, they finally caught him. Sent him to jail. Dies five years later. My respect goes with him. I thought he was free doing what he did, but he wasn't. He was in prison. Just like you are now, Elliot. But I'm gonna break you out. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Why would you guys actually meet IRL? You remember that hacker group O-Megz? They got outed by their own leader to the FBI, and six hackers went to prison for it? You know how they got 'em? They went on the dude's computer, tracked 'em all down through emails, VPN sessions, chat messages, texts. One guy, and the whole thing comes down. It's what's called... A central point of failure. Right. Because they refused to meet in person, they compromised each other every time they sent so much as a smiley face. The rule here is, it's done here, and only here. It ends when you walk out that door, and begins when you walk in. Our encryption is the real world. How do you talk to each other then? We don't. We come and go, work on the project when we can. How do you trust them? I give them an exercise. If they pass, they join us. If they fail... The DDoS attack last night, you were testing me. You said there was a project. What's the project? That'll come later. I just wanted you to see the place. There's not much you can do without a CPU. I'm crazy. I have to be crazy because that didn't just happen, right? This is a delusion. Is this a delusion? sh1t, I'm a schizo. Have I really lost it this time? No, no. Last night happened. It was real. Angela called me. I was at AllSafe. Evil Corp's servers were compromised. Those are facts, not delusions. I know. I know, I know I realize I'm saying all of this to an imaginary person, but I created you. I didn't create this. Oh, thank God you're here. I was just about to go wait in the Starbucks. You live in a bad neighborhood. Do you know that? I do know that. Do you want to get high and watch your favorite movie? Oh, you saved our asses last night. I thought Gideon was definitely gonna fire me. Where have you been? I thought you'd be sleeping. I... yeah, I fell asleep on the train. That sounds like such a lie, but, whatever. I don't want to get into that right now. So you want to do this? I miss Qwerty. I hope she still loves me. sh1t. She wasn't supposed to be here, okay? Give me a minute and I'll get rid of her. That's okay. Um... This is great. Elliot, I'm happy for you. No, it's not like that. Well, maybe it should be, you know? It's good that you're... dating. Well, I'll see you on Monday. We can do movie night next time. I promise, okay? Yeah. Have fun. Shayla : Mm, Elliot? [sighs] Oh, sh1t. Is it Wednesday? Shayla. I have to move my car. Shayla, leave. Now. Elliot : No mention of Mr. Robot anywhere. No mention of fsociety. Not on any of the hacker boards. Not on IRC, forums, blogs, no one's heard of them. Property was owned by Fun Society Amusement, LLC for 13 years. Owner was shot a killed a year and a half ago. No owner since. And the ownership history before that is sparse to nonexistent. This guy is good. Very good. Doesn't matter. Their arcade network's IP is in the dat file. That'll be enough to turn them in. [techno music] ♪ ♪ What's your ask, Mr. Robot? Hey, man, where's your boss? Okay, cut the bullshit. When are you going to give us access to the root directory? What? Dude, come on. I wrote that rootkit. I still have to put Colby's IP in the dat file. Dickhead. Elliot! Good news. I scored the last bag of Twinkies from Gristedes. You want one? She just called me a dickhead. Yeah, that's Darlene. Hey, you like Ferris wheels? Mr. Robot : Ah, it's beautiful. Gets better the higher up you go, you know? Oh, I love it up here. You like it? I'm here to tell you I'm turning you in. I'm giving them all the information. Let me tell you why you're really here. You're here because you sense something wrong with the world. Something you can't explain. But... you know it controls you and everyone you care about. What are you talking about? Money. Money hasn't been real since we got off the gold standard. It's become virtual. Software. The operating system of our world. And, Elliot, we are on the verge of taking down this virtual reality. Think about it. What if you could take down one conglomerate? A conglomerate so deeply entrenched in the world's economy, that too big to fail to describing it. You want to create another financial meltdown like the one we just had, but way worse. Yeah, why would I want that? Everyone would lose their money. What if I told you that this conglomerate just so happens to own 70% of the global consumer credit industry? Huh? If we hit their data center just right, we could systematically format all the servers, including backup. That would erase all... All the debt we owe them. Every record of every credit card, loan, and mortgage would be wiped clean. It would be impossible to reinforce outdated paper records. It would all be gone. The single biggest incident of wealth redistribution in history. Evil Corp. The conglomerate. That's why you picked me. Because I work at AllSafe. Tomorrow, AllSafe is going to get a visit from the FBI and the U.S. Cyber Command. You are going to modify the dat file and put Colby's terminal IP address in there. Terry Colby? You're gonna frame him? No one's gonna believe that. I met him, he's a moron. So are the FBI. Even if they don't believe he did it, they'll believe he gave someone access to it. Yeah, he'll just go to jail. What good will that do? You don't take down a conglomerate by shooting them in the heart. That's the thing about conglomerates, they don't have hearts. You take them down limb by limb. And as they unravel, their illusion of control unravels. Who are you? That'll come later. Right now, you have a lot to think about. You have to change the dat file and put Colby's IP in there. You do that, you have set in motion the largest revolution the world will ever see. [Neil Diamond's If You Go Away playing] ♪ ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ On this summer day ♪ 
♪ Then you might as well take the sun away ♪ 
♪ All the birds that flew ♪ 
♪ In a summer sky ♪ 
♪ When our love was new ♪ 
♪ And our hearts were high ♪ 
♪ When the day was young ♪ 
♪ And the night was long ♪ 
♪ And the moon stood still ♪ 
♪ For the night birds song ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ But if you stay ♪ 
♪ I'll make you a day ♪ 
♪ Like no day's been ♪ 
♪ Or will be again ♪ 
♪ We'll sail on the sun ♪ 
♪ We'll ride on the rain ♪ 
♪ We'll talk to the trees ♪ 
♪ And worship the wind ♪ 
♪ Then if you go ♪ 
♪ I'll understand ♪ 
♪ Leave me just enough love ♪ 
♪ To fill up my hand ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ As I know you must ♪ 
♪ There'll be nothing left ♪ 
♪ In the world to trust ♪ 
♪ Just an empty room ♪ 
♪ Full of empty space ♪ 
♪ Like the empty look ♪ 
♪ I see on your face ♪ 
♪ Can I tell you now ♪ 
♪ As you turn to go ♪ 
♪ I'll be dying slowly ♪ 
♪ Till your next hello ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ 
♪ If you go away ♪ So, what do we got? So, if you'll take a look at the first page of your agenda... You're the one who stopped the hack. Colby : You know, the gals in analysis said this was a tough one. All things being equal, it should have shut us down for days, so... you did good. Okay. Gideon : We should start with our account executive, Angela. Okay, we first noticed the breach at 2:07 A.M. Eastern Standard on Friday night. You mean, Saturday? Sorry, yes, technically, Saturday morning. Yeah, okay, Angela, that's what we're here for. The technicals. Right. Yes. Anyway, he arrived at the office at 2:35 and I instru... Okay, wait, wait, wait. So that's almost a half hour after the initial breach. Why didn't anyone pipe in from their laptops? It's not protocol... It wouldn't have been secure if someone terminaled in on this. It was the smarter move to have someone come in so they can log in on a secure line. Exactly. Then Lloyd was able to... Just... just actually, just one second. [indistinct whispering] Yeah. Colby : You know, I, uh, I always loved this view. Colby : Now that that's taken care of, let's pick it up where we left off. What happened to Angela? She knows more about what happened. She's not going to work out for us, not on this level. We need to stick to the more tech savvy here. Now, let's get to the heart of this thing because I can't sit here and look through a packet for the next 20 minutes. All right, just who did this? Is it that hard? Who did this? I found the configuration file of the rootkit with a pattern of IP addresses. Once you decrypt it, you'll know where the hack came from. Elliot : 19 days. No news, no arrests, no revolution. No FBI, Colby, Evil Corp. No Mr. Robot. No fsociety. I need to take my mind off things. [phone trilling] Michael : Hello. Hi, this is Sam from Bank of E security fraud department. Unfortunately I have to inform you that your account's been compromised. Michael : What? What happened? First before I can answer any questions, I need to verify some information. Are you still at 306 Hawthorne Avenue? Michael : Yes. Apartment 2C. Great. And your security question, favorite baseball team? Michael : Um, Yankees. I don't remember this being a security question. And lastly, your pet's name? Michael : Um, Flipper. Who am I speaking to? Can I get your name and number? Elliot : With those details plus a dictionary brute-force attack, it'll take my program maybe two minutes to crack his password. What I wouldn't give to be normal. To live in that bubble, the reality of the naive. That's how I justify this. To keep their optimism intact. To protect them. [computer beeping] How? He's too old to have a complicated password. It had to have been a combination of these things. I'm missing something, I'm missing something, I'm missing something. Michael Hansen isn't his real name. Come on. Get over here. Elliot : Lenny Shannon? Michael Hansen? Which one are you playing tonight? Elliot : You're going to stop seeing Krista. What the f... You're going to break up with her. You're never going to see her again. You're the guy that used my phone. You cheated on your current wife with seven different women. I got digital proof of all of it. Ashley Madison, online escorts, fake Facebook pages. I own it all. And if you don't stop seeing her, your wife will know everything along with the police. The police? Yeah, one of the escorts was 15. Elliot : That 15 part I made up, but he did have a proclivity for young escorts that helped the lie. But I'm not gonna do any of that as long as you break up with Krista. Tonight. Done. You're also gonna tell her the truth. That you're married, cheat on your wife, you hire hookers. That you never had any intention of being serious with her. Why? That would destroy her. She thinks that... We're in love. Elliott : Exactly. Krista needs to avoid dickheads like you in the future. Her radar needs fixing. I'll know if you skip any detail. So don't. And one more thing... I'm gonna need something from you. Come on. [slow edgy music] ♪ ♪ Hmm. I like you, Flipper. You're cool. Elliot : I never want to be right about my hacks, but people always find a way to disappoint. [slow edgy music] ♪ ♪ Michael Hansen now gets filed away among the others. Forever buried in my digital cemetery. ♪ ♪ The look of disillusionment. He told her. She cried all night. Now comes the sadness. I don't like seeing her sad. You okay? Sorry. Sorry. Go on. I think Angela blames me for what happened at the Evil Corp meeting. What do I do? I need to talk to her. I think you just answered your own question. Talk to her. She won't respond to any of my texts or emails. Then go to her in person. Tell her you need to talk. Communication is key, Elliot. Real human interaction. That's what's important for you right now. Hey. Do you... Do you think we can talk? What? You won't talk to me. You haven't talked to me since the meeting. I don't want to talk to you because I feel embarrassed every time I think about what happened. Okay? It's fine. I'll get over it. It's been three weeks. I have to get back to work. You're just going to ignore me? You didn't have to stick up for me in there. I know that you were just trying to help, just don't do it again. Even if I'm losing. Let me lose, okay? Don't look confused. Just say it. "Okay." Okay. Elliott. [murmuring] reporter : FBI agents claim that Colby either used hacking groups or worked in conjunction with them to pressure Evil Corp during his contract negotiations. After a long and exhaustive investigation, sources close to the FBI have confirmed the hacks were in part tied to Colby's terminal. [slow edgy music] Elliot : It's happening, it's happening, it's happening, it's happening. ♪ ♪ It's happening, it's happening, it's happening, it's happening. ♪ ♪ Sir, step inside the car. Sir. Step inside the vehicle now. [somber music] ♪ ♪ Go ahead. Sir, go on in. Sir, go on in. [indistinct arguing] Bon soir, Elliot. Elliot : Please tell me you're seeing this, too. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 