Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - eps1.6_v1ew-s0urce.flv - Mr. Robot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - eps1.6_v1ew-s0urce.flv https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=303&t=19837 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/06/15 08:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - eps1.6_v1ew-s0urce.flv 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 So, what do we got? 
 Terry Colby was involved in the cover-up of the Washington Township toxic waste scandal. 
 What do we need to prove our case? 
 Someone who was there when the decision was made to falsify chemical waste intel. 
 Get the hell away from my home. Get away from my home! 
 Krista : Elliot, what is going on with you? 
 I cannot help you if you keep me in the dark. 
 We got problems. 
 The Dark Army is bailing. 
 Elliot : It's not over. 
 We'll find a way, just not tonight. 
 How do you not blow your brains out married to him? 
 You want to watch me piss too? 
 Scott, a misunderstanding... 
 Happy to pull my dick out for you. 
 Elliot! [grunts] 
 Elliot : Where is she? 
 I told you you'd get her back, bro. 
 [sirens wailing] 
 [horn honks] 
 [clatter] 
 [loud clatter] 
 sh1t! 
 [muffled glass shatters] 
 woman : sh1t! 
 [footsteps approaching] 
 [pounding on door] 
 Open up! 
 I'm bleeding all over the hallway! 
 [pounding on door] 
 It's a life-or-death situation out here! 
 Look, I know you're in there. I just saw you go in. 
 [pounding on door] 
 Open up! 
 I'm looking... 
 [sighs] 
 Well, are you just gonna stand there? 
 Get me a glass of water, dummy. 
 Can I use this? Thanks. 
 My niece gave him to me. 
 I haven't even named him yet. God. 
 Do you know the pressure of an ecstatic six-year-old? 
 I mean, I kill that thing, and her whole world collapses. 
 I like what you did with the place. 
 Hmm. 
 Yeah, nice setup. Still like mine better though. 
 [sighs] 
 Yo, let me know if you want a top-shelf hookup. 
 Actually, now that I have you... will you help me move a dresser... Mr. Muscles? 
 Okay, come on. Just come on. 
 [horn honks] 
 [sighs] 
 Man 'N' Van is getting way too legit. 
 They used to just be, like, drummers with their mom's Honda Odysseys. 
 Now it's an actual company in Queens. 
 I mean, the guys are literally men in vans. 
 I'd buy morphine from you, if you could also get me Suboxone. 
 Well, it's pretty much impossible to get Suboxone. 
 My supplier doesn't have it. 
 [Pictures of You  by The Cure plays over phone] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I saw this song live once. It was so rad. 
 Don't you just love hearing your favorite songs in person, like, half deaf from the speakers, everyone going nuts around you? 
 No. 
 Direct. I respect that. 
 I just hate concerts. 
 Lots of people. 
 ♪ As I ran to your heart to be near ♪ 
 You don't like people, huh? 
 Not most of them, no. 
 Okay. 
 Well, so by that rationale, if you were to really like one person, it'd be, like, considered an aberration or an abnormality or special, even. 
 I guess. 
 Well, I aim for special, so challenge accepted. 
 ♪ And you finally found all your courage ♪ 
♪ To let it all go ♪ 
 I wish we already knew each other. 
 Would make this feel less awkward. 
 You really feel awkward right now? 
 Yeah. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Well, then I wish we knew each other too then. 
 ♪ Remembering you falling into my arms ♪ 
 Oh, yikes. 
 I, um, I'm late. Meeting the girls for drinks. 
 Oh, um, I'm Shayla. 
 ♪ So delicate ♪ 
♪ Lost in the cold ♪ 
 Elliot. 
 ♪ You were always so lost in the dark ♪ 
 You know, I do know of a guy who sells Suboxone. 
 He's supposed to be a f*cking psychopath, but if you want, I can call him. 
 You might be worth a psychopath. 
 I don't know. Maybe. 
 Oh, and keep the fish, you filthy animal. 
 [laughs] 
 ♪ Slip away quietly ♪ 
♪ Open my eyes ♪ 
♪ But I never see anything ♪ 
♪ If only I'd thought of the right words ♪ 
♪ I could have held on to your heart ♪ 
 Elliot  (voice-over): Sorry I haven't talked to you in a while. 
 I mean, it's only been a month, which I guess in the grand scheme of things isn't that long. 
 Isn't our life like a blip in the cosmic calender or something? 
 So that's Shayla. 
 A blip. 
 Not even. 
 Here one blip, gone the next. 
 Makes me hate myself that I've already gotten used to the idea of her not being here. 
 In a year, I'll maybe think about her every once in a while. 
 Then she'll become an anecdote, a thing to say. 
 "I knew a girl that died," with the added bonus of, "She died because of me." 
 Maybe I should hate myself. 
 Here are the last two forms. 
 Elliot voice-over : She's getting rid of me, in case you're still trying to figure that out. 
 Once I... 
 Sign on the bottom. 
 Then I'll deliver it to the court, and in two weeks' time, you'll receive an official release from the mandate. 
 That second form means that we've been sitting in this room for a year. 
 Elliot voice-over : Over 52 hours of Krista's voice bouncing around this room. 
 She thinks she's a wasted echo. Maybe she is. 
 I wonder how much time I've spent not listening to her in here. 
 I'm worried about you, Elliot. 
 I really want you to keep coming here. 
 We've got a lot more work to do. 
 Elliot voice-over : She wants more from me but she doesn't believe in me. 
 I tried because I believe some part inside of you wants to do this right. 
 Elliot voice-over : You? 
 Are you on her side? 
 You should clean your sockets. 
 Sounds too good to be true, but I'll bite. 
 What's the ask? 
 Given my client has information that could help your client's case, we want the meeting restricted to her, Colby, and myself, and we want it conducted off-record. 
 [chuckles] Antara, come on. 
 My client won't accept your presence. 
 Our client pays for ours. 
 Then you're duty-bound to present him with any legitimate offer of beneficial evidence. 
 [scoffs] Of course. 
 Give us something truly legitimate and beneficial. 
 You won't even tell us what the hell your client has. 
 Seth, we've been sitting on opposite sides of the negotiating table for two decades. 
 I'm not some joker come out of the woodwork trying to scam Colby for millions. 
 I'm giving him the only glimmer of hope he's had. 
 We'll pass along your offer. Thanks for your time. 
 [door closes] 
 Lloyd said you wanted to see me. 
 Look, I appreciate your commitment to this job. 
 I really do. 
 But I don't see how you've plowed through these last few weeks, so I want to offer you some time off. 
 Just some time to... 
 I don't need time off. 
 I'm good. 
 Uh... uh, one more thing. 
 Look, I'm so sorry she was taken away, Elliot, but don't let her death close you off entirely. 
 Find someone you can be your honest self with, okay? 
 Elliot voice-over : I remember when I was a kid, I got into web design by ripping off sites I liked. 
 All you had to do was view source on your browser and there it was, the code. 
 You could copy-paste it, modify it a little, put your name on it, and like that, it was your site. 
 View source. 
 What if we had that for people? 
 Would people really want to see? 
 [tense music] 
 _ 
 _ 
 Find someone to be your honest self with? 
 Bullshit. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Really good advice. Thanks. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Mr. Robot : I quote, "The U.S. contingent of the hacker group Fsociety has remained quiet since the upheaval inflicted upon the world's largest multinational conglomerate. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson released a statement today stating that, 'These groups lack the resources and knowledge of the U.S cell to successfully mount an attack.'" 
 End quote. 
 Yeah, so? 
 We gotta get the Dark Army back. 
 Dude, I've been trying. 
 How many times do you want me to hack him? 
 Do you know how hard hacking a hacker is? 
 Cisco switches OSes, like, all the time. 
 Darlene, we need one meeting. 
 Yeah, well, I've been using Cisco's handle to send requests for the past month. 
 I got nothing. 
 He's slower than me, but not by much. 
 If we can talk to whiterose directly... 
 Whiterose? Whiterose? 
 Really? [laughs] 
 Okay, if the guy even exists, and that's a big if, no way he's meeting you face-to-face. 
 For all we know... this dude's whiterose. 
 Excuse me! [pounds on bar] 
 Are you whiterose? 
 A likely story. 
 'Sides, the tape backups already shipped to all the new Steel Mountain facilities, and we still haven't found a way around that. 
 I got a plan in motion. 
 And God's laughing. 
 [somber music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Elliot voice-over : This is all I have left of her. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I will miss her. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [case thuds on floor] 
 I need to wipe again. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [buttons beeping] 
 [microwave whirring] 
 [electrical pops and sparks] 
 So if you scroll to the next page, you'll see the summary of capital budgets or purchasing and operations. 
 We get it. The goddamn earning reports are gonna look good come Monday. 
 Our aim is to facilitate bill payment and heighten financial security, so that's an extra 2%. 
 You know, if we hadn't turned our profits around, I was gonna leave. 
 [scoffs] No way. 
 Where? Don't tell me Apple. 
 Google. 
 Don't buy it. 
 I got a blow job from the hiring executive on the Googleplex volleyball court. 
 Oh, she was hot. 
 Had a Marissa Mayer thing going on too. 
 [laughter] 
 Hot execs started as hot assistants who f*cked their way to the top twice as fast as the rest of us. 
 You know something screwed up? 
 I heard that, some assistants, they're going gay to move up the ladder. 
 I'll do you one better. 
 [lisping] There's a special handful of pathetically desperate execs going cock jockey. 
 Jeremy : No. Oh, my God! 
 Hey, Dwight, I meant to ask. How are your children? 
 Hell if I know. Sent 'em off to Lawrence. 
 I think Julia likes art. 
 Oh, well. Can't win 'em all. 
 Lawrence? 
 You'll never be able to afford that tuition on unemployment. 
 Sorry? 
 You're fired! 
 [laughs] 
 [coughs] 
 You two as well. 
 I'm making sure you all receive the minimum severance packages. 
 Mr. Wellick, I don't understand. 
 What did we do? 
 Nothing. 
 After... 
 You said you would update me. 
 I needed to discuss our situation with the state's attorney. 
 Thanks for coming in, Roy. 
 Yeah. 
 I think you should have a seat. 
 Colby's lawyers called 30 minutes ago. 
 They wanted a promise of total immunity before the meeting, which I obtained from the man you just met. 
 So, yes, Colby agreed... with a caveat. 
 I can't be in the room. You have to go in alone. 
 Look, you made a ballsy move... but you doing what you're about to do... entering the home of a very powerful man with a lot at stake and asking him for something... that's always a dangerous proposition. 
 So one last time... are you sure you want to do this? 
 [traditional Japanese music plays] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [gun clicks] 
 sh1t, man. 
 Thought you was one of them high schoolers stole my mom's chaise lounge. 
 As heartbreaking as it is to hear that, you're gonna have to put that off. 
 Getting everybody back together. 
 Come on. 
 No, man, not this time. 
 I'm out. 
 You can't be out. We need you. 
 Look, man, I got a new set of people depending on me, okay? 
 Clients out the wazoo. 
 So, you know, I mean, good luck, and tell the kids I said hi. 
 What is this? What are you doing here? 
 Well, I figured out how to insert THC's genetic information code into yeast cells. 
 Tripled my earning speed. 
 Plants need weeks to develop. Microbes need days. 
 So, what, you got a Bath and Body Works bottling facility in your backyard? 
 Try it. 
 The THC level is borderline in that blend, and the lavender doesn't mess with the high. 
 You just smooth it on your skin. 
 So you're rejecting a revolution in favor of aroma profiles? 
 What a waste of potential. 
 Look, man, I know I got a good brain. 
 Besides... what was our little project in the end, anyway? 
 Wasted sh1t, if you ask me. 
 Well, now you're borderline pissing me off. 
 Is that a fact? 
 And what exactly are you gonna do if I decide to cross that border? 
 Look at my face, Romero. 
 You and I both know I'm crazy. 
 Not the cute kind either. 
 I'm talking crazy crazy! 
 [gun clicks] 
 You lost touch. 
 You forgot the feeling of spilling blood on the battlefield by winning the fight. 
 I didn't want to hurt you, Romero. 
 I love you, man. 
 I just wanted you to come back to the arcade with me so we could change the world together. 
 I am clearly too crazy for you to say no to. 
 Bang! 
 [laughs] 
 Look on your face is priceless! 
 Goddamn lunatic. 
 You gave me your word when we started this thing that you'd finish it. 
 I gave you my word what I'd do if you didn't. 
 See you back at the arcade. 
 Good. I see the girl got you tea. 
 Well, let's get started. 
 How much do you want? 
 Write your number. 
 You can ask me anything you want, but I promise you, at the end of the day, money will always be better than what you're looking for. 
 Mr. Colby, did you attend the executive board meetings during 1993? 
 Were you in the room when the decision was made to ignore the treatment of hazardous waste in Washington Township? 
 I have information which can help you... if you answer my question. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 If you agree to testify against the executives who covered up the illegal dumping of expoxy resin waste, I will testify that I broke chain of custody with the dat file central to your case. 
 [flutters lips] 
 You're that hot little thing that came by here a month ago. 
 The girl from Allsafe. [chuckles] 
 I remember, yeah. 
 Okay... I'm gonna answer your question. 
 But here's what I need from you first. 
 So I'm gonna pull down my pants, and then I'm gonna need you to take that pouty mouth of yours and swallow up my balls. 
 Now, they're big and hairy, especially the left one, so you're really gonna have to, I don't know, squish 'em up to get 'em inside there. 
 You're probably gonna have to do one cheek at a time. 
 But then, once they're all warm and snug in there, I want you to repeat your question to me as clearly as you can. 
 Then, and only then, am I willing to answer. 
 What do you say? 
 If you don't take this deal... you'll become like me. 
 Sure, maybe you'll live in this house... maybe you'll have money, but even if your expensive lawyers find a way to get you off, people will still think that you're guilty. 
 [sighs] 
 Losing everyone's respect... 
 [chuckles] 
 The respect of people you know and the people you don't... it's a shitty feeling. 
 Trust me. 
 I'll have "the girl" let me out. 
 Flipper. Is she microchipped? 
 Okay, very good. 
 Housekeeping done. 
 Now onto the real business. 
 Has your dog ever eaten trash before? 
 No. I mean, not that I remember. 
 Well, lucky for your bank account, the piece is small enough to pass on its own. 
 Unfortunately, though, it's large enough to send her puking all over your apartment. 
 So I would crate her for a few days and monitor her. 
 She won't know what you're doing is good for her. 
 
 
 
 [cell phone vibrates] 
 Antara : What the hell did you do? 
 You were right. I was only trying to prove... 
 Antara : Colby's lawyers just called. He wants to talk. 
 Get back there. 
 It's a little early in the morning to be nerding out, don't you think? 
 How long? 
 Hmm? 
 I knew if I asked you that... 
 How long? 
 Couple weeks. 
 And you had the balls to ask for whiterose with my sh1t? 
 It's like you want to get us both killed. 
 What happened? He responded? 
 You know, you didn't have to make me look like a shitty foot soldier. 
 Nobody would ever even know... 
 You got root on my box and found the IP, then you joined their channel with my handle. 
 [scoffs] We're so done. 
 I don't want to see you again. 
 But you fools actually got your wish. 
 [scoffs] I don't know why, but the meeting's actually gonna be on. 
 I'd tell you to be careful, but I know that's the last thing you're gonna be. 
 My lawyers are looking over the paperwork. 
 Does that mean that... 
 Exactly what I said. 
 I asked you back here to make sure that you can pull off your testimony, make sure that this chain of custody story of yours is straight. 
 I can't afford any trips. 
 I'm not going to trip. 
 So, what... what's in this for you, anyway? 
 I know you hate me. 
 So, what, you're gonna just let me off Scot-free? 
 What do you get out of this? 
 Earlier, I asked you a question. 
 You never answered it. 
 If I'm agreeing to testify in your case, then, yes, you know, I attended several meetings. 
 Tell me about the one when they decided to ignore the leak. 
 I'm not sure what you're asking. 
 What was the meeting like when you decided this? 
 I get it. 
 You want to know, like, what was it like? 
 Like, um, did we all have cigars and laugh hysterically as we signed the evil documents? 
 Is that what you pictured? 
 Well, I'm sorry, hon. 
 See, the world doesn't work like that. 
 Tell me. Tell me how it works. 
 Uh, Jesus, um... all right, all right. 
 Let's see. January, '93. 
 Well, my secretary then was Elaine. 
 So Elaine brought us a platter of shrimp cocktail to tide us to dinner, which pissed us off because we just had a platter at the holiday party. 
 Jim opened the bar. 
 Now Jim was a real piece of work. 
 I mean, half pansy, half mafia. 
 First sign of a tight decision, he'd be chain smoking down a river of scotch. 
 Uh... you know, it rained. 
 It rained. I remember that, yeah. 
 So... you were drunk, eating shrimp cocktail, and it was raining when you decided my mother would die? 
 That's why. 
 So people like you won't keep sitting in rooms together. 
 Did any of it ever give you or anyone pause when you made those decisions? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, sure. 
 But, um... then you go home, and, uh, and you have dinner, you know, and you wake up the next morning. 
 Here's to a man who has a bright future at our company, a man you all know, a man who is going to change this company for the good, a man smart enough to marry a woman every bit his equal... 
 [chuckling] 
 Our new Chief Technology Officer, Scott Knowles. 
 [applause] (man) Here, here! 
 Thank you. Thank you. 
 Thank you, Phillip. 
 Welcome. 
 Thank you very much. 
 Here we go. 
 It's great to be here. 
 And we're off. 
 Thanks, Phillip. 
 You're very welcome. 
 Congratulations, darling. 
 Thank you, thank you. 
 I'll leave you to it, okay? 
 Don't break a sweat. 
 Oh, here, come, say hello. 
 Hey, Joe, how are you? 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 Sharon : Thank you. 
 Tyrell, nice to see you. 
 Is it? 
 I hear you shared our moment with your husband. 
 [laughs] Oh, come on. 
 That was over a month ago. 
 Don't tell me you're still sore. 
 Hmm, I sense some defeat. 
 Well, I considered myself, at the very least, reprimanded. 
 How disappointing. 
 One tiny curveball and you gave up. 
 man : Miss. 
 Thank you. 
 Should have known that you were nothing more than a bold entrance. 
 Are you saying you don't crave a bold entrance every time, over and over, sustained? 
 Meet me tonight. 
 I'm a little busy. 
 Come to my office now. 
 Are you really asking me that? 
 I don't recall phrasing it as a question, no. 
 Fine, then I just won't show up. 
 Then the roof. 
 Take the back stairwell. 
 The cameras have been out since March. 
 No one will know. 
 Well, you just made a long day longer. 
 I know that Allsafe will have to fire me, but testifying was the right thing to do. 
 I have worked my ass off to take care of you and of every person in this company. 
 Do you know what that means? 
 You've been a great boss, Gideon... 
 See, once this confession goes public, no one will want to do business with us. 
 The company will go under. 
 I couldn't let Colby take the fall for something that I did. 
 Oh, come on! 
 You and I both know you didn't break chain of custody. 
 I did and I feel terrible... 
 Angela! Please! Stop lying. 
 You do this... all these people go down, all their families that rely on what this company provides for them. 
 So this is where the rabbit hole leads? 
 Got to be honest, I half-expected you not to show up. 
 And I half-expected you to be a tattletale. 
 [laughs] So you are sore. 
 Oh, come on. You intrigued me. 
 I intrigued back. 
 Can't we just be more straightforward? 
 Oh, that's no fun, but if you insist, I just came up here to see if you were really as gullible as you seem. 
 My husband's downstairs getting the job that you want, and you're up here trying to f*ck me. 
 Now whether that's you being straightforward or a game, either way, it's played pretty poorly, if you ask me. 
 Hmm. Again, I asked no question. 
 All I can tell you is you need this 'cause you're dissatisfied. 
 [scoffs] Scott plans on firing you, and you are clinging on to any chance you can get. 
 You seem desperate. 
 [Two Weeks  by FKA twigs] 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ I know it hurts ♪ 
♪ You know ♪ 
♪ I'd quench that thirst ♪ 
♪ I can treat you better than them ♪ 
♪ You say you're lonely ♪ 
 Hey... hey! 
 What do you... get off of me! 
 Stop! 
 [grunts] 
 ♪ One who resonates that chase ♪ 
♪ Mouth open like aah ♪ 
 [strained breathing] 
 ♪ Higher than a m*therf*cker ♪ 
♪ Dreaming of you as my lover ♪ 
♪ High ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 [choking] 
 ♪ Flying like a screaming falcon ♪ 
♪ Only way to do each other ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Pull out the incisor ♪ 
♪ Give me two weeks ♪ 
♪ You won't recognize her ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Mouth open, you're high ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Higher than a m*therf*cker ♪ 
♪ Dreaming of you as my lover ♪ 
♪ High ♪ 
 [panting] 
 [muffled wincing] 
 [sobbing] 
 [sniffles] 
 [panting] 
 [bell tolls] 
 Darlene : We connected with whiterose. 
 The plan is back on. 
 I could bullshit you, tell you you're the only person who can fill the exact void we have at Fsociety. 
 The truth is, I need this group back together. 
 Have you ever considered which part of our scheme motivates you? 
 When the Dark Army bailed, you didn't care if pushing a button would bring an economic revolution. 
 You want momentary anarchy. 
 The others? 
 Mobley likes palling around. 
 Romero wants a whiff of fame. 
 Those reasons depress me. 
 What's the part you want? 
 You don't care. 
 My parents were born in Iran. 
 They came here like everybody else, for freedom, but my dad works 60-hour weeks to determine tax loopholes for a millionaire art dealer. 
 My mom, she ran up loans into five digits to get an online degree. 
 They won't shut up about how great America is. 
 But they're gonna die in debt doing things they never wanted to do. 
 There are how many billion people in this world? 
 7.3. 
 Somehow you and I landed together... doing something impossible if we were alone, not to mention at the right point in history with the right resources. 
 We have what we've worked for right there for the taking. 
 We just need each other to see this through. 
 You come any closer, I'm calling the cops. 
 Hi, operator. I'd like to report an emergency. 
 I placed a malicious CD in my work computer, and now this guy at the gym is saying hi to me. 
 I'm going home. 
 I need you to do something for me. 
 Call the girl who wants to be involved, okay? 
 Her name is Angela Moss. 
 Let me give you her phone number. 
 Listen, pussy. 
 If you don't do what I say, then the giant sh1t storm that rains turds later will leave a trail of clouds in the sky spelling out your name. 
 [keys jingling] 
 Elliot? 
 I wasn't expecting you. 
 I'm here for my appointment. 
 Well, you can slip in before my first patient. 
 You told me I should tell you the truth. 
 Yes. 
 Everything I say will still be protected and confidential? 
 I've been lying to you. 
 I don't take my pills. 
 But you don't either. 
 Your refill frequency for Ativan doesn't match your prescription divided by the dosage. 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 This morning... you bought a tall hazelnut latte. 
 Paid for it on your Evil Corp card. 
 By text, you justified the indulgence to your sister because Evil Corp gives you double rewards. 
 But those points only accumulate on travel expenses. 
 You're not good with money. 
 On paper, your Thursday 2:00, Marilyn O'Brien, is your doppelganger. 
 I think you're encouraging her to leave her husband... because you're tired of being dumped. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You like p0rn, especially a**l. 
 Whether you like it yourself, I don't know. 
 That's not relevant to me. 
 You've told your best friend Jennifer that you wish your mom would die. 
 I sometimes watch you on your webcam. 
 You cry sometimes... just like me. 
 Because you're lonely. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I don't just hack you, Krista. 
 I hack everyone... my friends, coworkers. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 But I've helped a lot of people. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I want... a way out of loneliness... just like you. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Is that what you wanted to hear? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 