Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - Blood At The Wheel - Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - Blood At The Wheel https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=288&t=18185 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/13 15:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - Blood At The Wheel 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ JAZZ 
 Goodnight, Reg. 
 Drive safely, Miss Haynes. 
 Where's the fun in that? 
 (Small explosions, tyres screech) 
 ♪ Theme music 
 That is sheer surgical precision. 
 I call that luck. 
 And you're not a surgeon, Mac. 
 It's nice for other people to win sometimes, you know. 
 Is it? 
 Ailsa Wilton, your brilliance in a game of billiards is matched only by your deft touch with a car engine. 
 The ladies' team is in great hands. 
 A contribution to Saturday's rally. 
 This is... This is very generous. 
 I can't accept this. 
 Why? It's sponsorship. 
 But the Adventuress Club has already made a substantial contribution to our rally entry. 
 So? Now we're giving you more. What could be more adventurous than that? 
 Mum! 
 Millie? Millie, what is it? 
 Mum, there's been an accident. 
 It's Gerty. 
 Sir, I hope I've done the right thing calling you in. 
 I know motor vehicle accidents aren't your department, but... 
 I just want to see her. 
 She's still in the vehicle, sir. 
 Who is this? 
 Gertrude Haynes, though she preferred Gerty. 
 Ah, Miss Fisher arrived when I was awaiting the Coroner, sir. 
 She knew the deceased and requested your attendance. 
 I relayed a message... 
 Just passing by, were you? 
 You know better than that, Jack. 
 My Adventuress Club was sponsoring Gerty's entry into the road rally race this Saturday. 
 Your Adventuress Club. 
 For like-minded women. 
 I'm Madame President. 
 Of course you are. 
 This was no accident, Jack. 
 Apart from myself, there is no-one I trust more behind the wheel than Gerty Haynes. 
 She flew down the roads like Boadicea in her chariot. 
 Even a Celtic queen has the odd accident. 
 This is an impeccably maintained rally racer. 
 Wheels don't simply fall off. 
 Depends how recklessly you drive the car. 
 Look at this. Look at her scarf. 
 If Gerty had been driving along with this scarf through the door, it would be filthy. 
 Look at it. It's spotless. 
 If she was driving at speed, the scarf would fly out behind her. 
 Why are you not willing to entertain the idea of foul play? 
 Why ask my opinion if you're not willing to listen to it? 
 Because that usually doesn't bother you. 
 Who's her next of kin? 
 Her brother Claude. 
 Ah! Jack, you needn't have driven separately. 
 There's room for two in the Hispano. 
 On police business, I drive the police motor car. 
 Well, you could have been here much faster. 
 Well done, Wal. 
 She sings like a charm. 
 Man : You can come sort mine out now, Sir Walter. 
 Ah, Phryne Fisher. 
 Come to sneak a peek at the competition like Mr Rose here? 
 I'm afraid not, Claude. 
 Good. 
 Can't give that sister of mine an unfair advantage. 
 Claude, this is Detective Inspector Robinson. 
 Ah, afraid I won't shake your hand. 
 Caught it under the bonnet. 
 You'll be checking paperwork, I suppose. It's all here somewhere. 
 I'm not here about licences, Mr Haynes. 
 I'm afraid I have some bad news. 
 Unbelievable. 
 Completely unbelievable. 
 What was it? A pothole? 
 A blown tyre? 
 One of the wheels detached, causing Miss Haynes to veer from the road. 
 No offence, my friend, but that's complete rubbish. 
 Gerty's motor was top of the line. 
 European engineering. 
 Our police mechanic will examine the motor car. 
 Claude, my God. 
 I just heard about your sister. 
 Shocking business. 
 Lachlan Pepper, VAA President. 
 I sponsor this chap. 
 Detective Inspector Jack Robinson. 
 I believe we're on your property? 
 Yes, I'm allowing them to tear up my grounds for the week. 
 I need some air. 
 Well, no doubt the ladies will pull out of the race altogether now. 
 And Claude too, I imagine, grief-stricken. 
 Ah, no, I doubt he'll let the emotion get in his way. 
 This rally's too important. 
 It was important to Gerty too. 
 Well, yes, Miss Haynes was a very dedicated driver. 
 But even the most committed woman driver must bow to nature. 
 Women are biologically unsuited to driving. 
 Which part of our biology gets in the way, exactly? 
 Well, you're too easily distracted. 
 A bird flies across and you end up in the gutter. 
 I seem to be able to handle my Hispano-Suiza without any trouble. 
 Don't I, Inspector? 
 I doubt a police officer is the right person to ask. 
 Well, don't worry, Inspector, I have many political supporters lobbying for me to stand for parliament and when I'm elected, I shall make it my personal duty to regulate that women may only drive in the company of a licensed male companion. 
 That sounds like it could be fun, provided you add the qualification 'attractive' and you provide the men. 
 But perhaps if the women win the rally on Saturday, ladies can become full members of the Victorian Automobile Association. 
 My dear girl, that will never happen. But look, I tell you what. 
 If by some divine intervention the ladies do win this race, I'll let you. 
 That sounds like a most excellent wager. 
 As you are our witness, Inspector. 
 Millie : Why is he taking so long? 
 The wheel came off and that's why she crashed. 
 The police mechanic has to be thorough. 
 Engines are complex things. 
 That's why at the moment he's working on the un... underneath of... bits. 
 You mean, the gearbox? 
 The drive shaft? 
 Differentials, front or rear axles? 
 Maybe even the brake drums. 
 Yes. 
 (Chuckles) 
 I'm glad you don't drive, Dottie. 
 Well, Miss Fisher has offered to teach me. 
 She says it gives a woman a glorious sense of freedom. 
 But all it really gives me is a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach. 
 Yes, and it's a complicated business. 
 It's a lot harder than operating your sewing machine, Dottie. 
 I'd like to see you manage my sewing machine, Hugh Collins. 
 Any idea where Gerty was headed last night? 
 Well, I assume she went to her usual haunt. 
 The VAA on Graeme Street. 
 Could she have been meeting someone? 
 Well, if she did, she left in too much of a hurry to tell me. 
 Did something happen last night? 
 Before Gerty drove off? 
 We'd had a few words. 
 What about? 
 We'd just ordered a twin carburettor from America for the rally and Gerty forgot to pick it up. 
 And by the time she got to the docks, it had disappeared. 
 Stolen? 
 That, or one of the other teams got wind of our delivery and decided to help themselves. 
 If Gerty had just gone when she said she would... 
 Anyway, it doesn't matter. 
 If we work all night and all tomorrow, we might get it fixed in time. 
 Even if we can fix it, we haven't got a driver. 
 We can't drop out. 
 I mean, Miss Fisher said that Pepper had pledged to let women become members of the VAA if we win. 
 At least we'd stand a chance of fighting this idiotic idea that we need men to escort us everywhere. 
 I can't imagine Gerty would have wanted us to give up, can you? 
 We'll fix the car, just in case. 
 Was Miss Haynes accompanied by anyone last night? 
 Ah, not that I saw. 
 Who'd you say you work for? 
 Ladies Monthly. 
 We're doing a feature on lady race drivers. 
 That'll be a short feature. 
 So she left by motor car? 
 Parked just over there. 
 Perhaps you could show me. 
 Pardon me, Madam! 
 I'm afraid you can't go in there. 
 Oh, I'll just be a moment. 
 No, club rules. 
 Ladies require the invitation of a member. 
 Oh, really? Then perhaps you could tell me who invited Miss Haynes? 
 That's private information, Miss, and I won't be telling it to no magazine. 
 The truth is, our friend Gerty died in a motor car accident last night. 
 I think she was murdered but the police don't believe me. 
 That's... That's very sad. Miss Haynes always tipped me a shilling. 
 Ah, there was a motor car that left shortly after her. 
 What kind? 
 It was too dark to see, I'm afraid. 
 Broken tail light, though. 
 Thank you. You've been very helpful. 
 Ladies Monthly? Really, Dot? 
 You don't think he believed me? 
 Oh. 
 This is where Gerty's car was parked, yes? 
 Yes. 
 (Metallic clanking) 
 It's definitely a racing wheel nut. 
 Same as the ones on Gerty's car. 
 So somebody tried to sabotage Gerty's car while she was in the club She should have known, parking there. 
 She should have checked her wheels. 
 What do you mean? 
 The other racers, the men, they pull stuff like this all the time. 
 Millie. 
 Well, it's true! 
 Pulling pranks, putting holes in petrol tanks. 
 That doesn't sound very sporting. 
 They don't like it when we win. 
 And they'll like it even less when you win again. 
 You can't let that stop you. I'm not driving in that race, Phryne. 
 Sorry. 
 I'll do it. 
 I can drive better than any of those idiots in the VAA. 
 Don't be silly. 
 You haven't got your licence yet. 
 Yeah, because you won't let me. 
 For good reason, my girl. 
 If you really can't bear to drive, I can step in. 
 I'm not Gerty, but at least then we're on the field. 
 (Sighs) If we can get the car fixed in time. 
 A gentleman had to sign Gerty in at the VAA Lounge. 
 Any thoughts on who? 
 Too many. 
 Always one on the boil and three more simmering? 
 Could have been Antony Rose. 
 That was Gerty's latest toy. 
 Last week he proposed. 
 Do you know her answer? 
 They say she turned him down. 
 He might be rich and handsome but you know Gerty. 
 She never let anyone tie her down. 
 If you're after Claude, he hasn't reappeared since lunchtime. 
 Too much toasting to his dear sister. Mr Rose. 
 I had a wager with a friend who said I wouldn't be able to tell one end of a motor car from the other. 
 I think you know your way round a car, Miss Fisher. 
 Gerty told me about your Hispano. 
 You may as well see it. We all have. 
 Claude gets himself a twin carburettor. Very hush-hush. 
 Then he has a few down the VAA Lounge and lets us all know about his secret weapon. 
 That's Claude, alright. 
 I hear that you and Gerty were close. 
 It was a fling. We had fun but Gerty was a free spirit. 
 So why did you propose to her? 
 In jest, Miss Fisher. 
 A joke. Between friends. 
 Did you see her last night at the VAA Lounge? 
 I wasn't there. I wish I had been. 
 This race won't be the same without her. 
 I'm sure. 
 But as her replacement driver, I'll d my best to make up for her absence. 
 Pepper : No. Absolutely not. 
 I'm licensed. 
 I'm the sponsor of the ladies' team and frankly, I can't see that you hav reasonable grounds to deny me. 
 I've been doing some research on you, Miss Fisher. 
 Really? 
 Mm. 
 You have a large number of speeding offences. 
 I should have thought that more than qualified me for a car race. 
 (Chuckles) No, all drivers must have a pristine driving record. 
 So I'm sorry, Miss Fisher, you can't drive in this rally. 
 But ladies are most welcome to spectate. 
 I've been doing some research too. 
 I'm sure the other board members of the VAA would not be impressed to learn that Team Pepper resorted to sabotage to put the ladies out of the race. 
 If Claude's done something silly, that's on his head. 
 I certainly had no part in it. 
 That may be so, but it wouldn't look good for your political career, would it? 
 Guilt by association. 
 You women are all the same. 
 I'm quite sure we aren't. 
 Ah, no, your threats are wasted on me, Miss Fisher. 
 Your driving offences are on the record. My hands are tied. 
 Claude Haynes stole a vital car part from his sister in order to sabotage her chances in Saturday's rally. 
 Good evening to you too, Miss Fisher. 
 And somebody took that from Gerty's motor car while she was inside the VAA Lounge. 
 Witnesses? 
 Apparently not. 
 But it's a racing roadster wheel nut, Jack. 
 How much more evidence do you need? 
 Somebody wanted Gerty dead. 
 I know, but we can't blame it all on the wheel nut. 
 Coroner's report. 
 Gerty Haynes was strangled and the scarf used to cover it up. 
 So, I didn't jump the gun after all. 
 Can we be friends again? 
 In spite of my cavalier approach to driving? 
 It's true. You drive too fast. 
 Too fast for what? A milk cart? 
 And you're needlessly reckless. 
 That is an opinion, not fact. 
 I would suggest you could apologise to me by offering me a drink, but... given your lack of supplies and your new penchant for drinking alone, I'll settle for sitting in on your interview with Claude. 
 As it happens, my shift finished an hour ago. 
 Goodnight, Miss Fisher. 
 You and your sister were competitors. 
 Gerty regularly beat you. 
 That must have been humiliating. 
 It wouldn't impress your sponsor, Lachlan Pepper. 
 I don't know what you mean. 
 How'd you hurt your hand? 
 I shut it in the door. 
 Collins, how did Mr Haynes injure his hand? 
 My record from yesterday, if you will. 
 He said, 'I caught it in a bonnet,' sir. 
 You injured your hand installing a twin carburettor... stolen from your sister, didn't you? 
 No. 
 So that carburettor is not sitting in your engine right now? 
 Yes. Alright, yes, it's in my car. 
 But I did not steal it. 
 Gerty and I had a deal. 
 She was going to throw the race. 
 Now why would she do that? 
 Father had cut her off. Said it was time she married, settled down. 
 So I tossed some money her way. 
 I mean, enough to keep her afloat. 
 But I'll be damned if I'll pay her to beat me. 
 So if Gerty was going to let you win, why'd you need the twin carburettor? 
 Gerty loved winning. 
 I couldn't trust her to throw the race if the chequered flag was in her sights so I made her give it to me. 
 Here. 
 Collection details. 
 Believe me, there was no bad feeling between Gerty and me. 
 But if you think my sister's death was deliberate then you should know, Gerty said that Ailsa would kill her if she found out about the carby. 
 So, I spoke with Lachlan Pepper. 
 Ah. He won't let you race, will he? 
 Technically, but I've never let a technicality stop me. 
 Ailsa Wilton? 
 Yeah, that's me. 
 Inspector Robinson. You need to come down to the station. 
 We have some questions for you. 
 What's going on, Jack? 
 What? Why? She hasn't done anything. 
 It's alright, Millie. 
 It's only questions. 
 What kind of questions? 
 Certain information has come to light with our interview with Mr Haynes. 
 Is Mum under arrest? 
 Just stay here with Phryne and I'll be back before you know it. 
 Gerty was a witch, but Mum wouldn't kill her! 
 There's no way that she would make that car crash. 
 Someone deliberately removed that wheel nut. 
 It wasn't Mum. 
 Would you like to set us straight? 
 I heard Mum and Gerty arguing. 
 Mum was... Mum was really upset and Gerty just kept screaming at her. 
 What were they fighting about? 
 Gerty said she was going and Mum couldn't stop her. 
 Going where? 
 To the VAA Lounge. 
 Mum hated it when Gerty took the car, especially before big races. 
 So what'd you do? 
 I went there. 
 I saw her car parked out front. 
 I... Well, I thought she'd check her wheels and see the missing nut and it would scare her enough to come back. 
 I didn't think it would kill her. 
 Well, that's incredibly foolish of you, Millie, but you didn't kill her. 
 Gerty passed away after the crash. 
 From something else. 
 So it wasn't my fault? 
 It wasn't because of your actions. 
 Even though those actions were delinquent, malicious and with utter a disregard for Miss Haynes' wellbeing! 
 Jack... 
 Let alone anyone else on the road! 
 I'm so sorry! 
 I didn't like Gerty, but I didn't want her to die. 
 Did you see anyone else at the Lounge Do you know who Gerty was meeting? 
 They were all there. 
 I saw... I saw Antony's car and Mr Pepper's... and all the others. 
 I'm sorry, I don't remember anything else. 
 Antony Rose claims that he wasn't at the Lounge but his car indicates otherwise. 
 Crown me. 
 If Millie is to be believed. 
 If Mr Rose did it, what was his motive? 
 Gerty turned down his proposal. 
 He could have followed her from the Lounge, intending to have it out with her, witnessed the crash... 
 And taken the opportunity to strangle her? 
 It's a theory. 
 A good theory. 
 I wouldn't go that far. 
 I won, again. 
 You're usually much better at this game. 
 You come here, you drink my whisky, you accept my help and you won't even do me the courtesy of trying to beat me. 
 You're right. 
 You're right, I'm off my game. 
 When I heard about the motor car accident... 
 Hugh sent you a message. 
 ..all I heard was 'Miss Fisher'... and a crashed motor car. 
 Jack. 
 You thought it was me? 
 Well, I'm still here. 
 No thanks to your driving. 
 (Clears throat) 
 Thank you for the nightcap. 
 I must be getting home. 
 
 
 
 Miss Fisher'll be pleased with this. 
 Very steady penmanship there, Mr B. 
 Thank you, Cecil. 
 Is your friend from the Communist Party sure this is a Russian driver's licence? 
 It's either that or a fishing permit. 
 I reckon we're safe. 
 Not too many Russians at the VAA. 
 Now all we have to do is cook up a false name. 
 I've got one and it's a beauty. 
 I feel awfully odd, Miss. 
 You look spectacular. 
 And you only have to play the part up until the race begins. 
 Mr Pepper! 
 May I present to you, all the way from St Petersburg, twice champion of the Siberia to Shanghai Classic and now official driver for the ladies' team, Miss Valentina Runnemallova. 
 Never heard of her. 
 Luckily for you, Miss Valentina speaks very little English. 
 (Sighs) Well, I'll need to see her credentials. 
 They're in Russian, but you'll be able to vouch for them, of course, to the other board members of the VAA Excellent. Lady drivers of the free world thank you. 
 What was that? 
 She's very shy. 
 Miss Valentina insists on inspecting the track. 
 I explained to her that you're a very busy man but she wants you to be the one to show her. 
 Oh. 
 Da. 
 Mr Rose! Mr Rose, are you here? 
 Naughty, naughty, Miss Fisher. 
 Claude may not have secrets, but I might. 
 Such as what happened to your tail light? 
 Well, some idiot smashed it. 
 They're lucky I didn't catch them. 
 That's what happens when you park on the street. 
 In front of the VAA Lounge. 
 Why did you lie? 
 I didn't. I wasn't there. 
 But your car was. Did it drive itself I was going to go in, but a young lady came up to me, asked me for my autograph. 
 I didn't want to disappoint. 
 We went to a nearby hotel. 
 How did Gerty's purse end up in your car? 
 I've no idea. 
 Perhaps you put it there. 
 I just found it behind your seat. 
 There's only your word for that. 
 The police take my word quite seriously, usually. 
 Maybe I should ask them to search your car more thoroughly. 
 Nobody touches my car. 
 Who knows what they might find. 
 It's like I told her, I have no idea how that purse ended up in my car. 
 Or why the doorman at the VAA Lounge identified your car as the one which followed Gerty away from the club. 
 Obviously someone helped themselves to my car. 
 Then put it back? 
 Why would I follow Gerty? 
 This note may help us with that. 
 'Gerty, we must discuss this. 
 I demand that you do not act in haste If you do not hear me out, I promise you will regret it.' 
 Look, I did not write that. Look. 
 That's mine. That's my handwriting. 
 You see, it's nothing like the note. 
 If you didn't write this, who did? 
 Some other poor sap. 
 Alright. 
 Gerty turned me down because somebody better came along. 
 We practically set a date before she told me she had a golden ticket. 
 She was going overseas. 
 Plenty of other women to choose from. 
 And I knew I could beat her on the track. 
 My sister was thrilling to see on the track. Left most men for dust. 
 Father never forgave her for not being a first-born son. 
 And he never forgave me for not being Gerty. 
 Ah, Miss Fisher! 
 I've been keeping our Russian visitor entertained with tales of Gerty's derring-do. 
 She'll be so pleased that you're stepping in for her and that her spirit lives on. 
 And I'm sure your father is very proud of you too, Claude. 
 Nice of you to say. But I'm afraid Father's made his feelings known. 
 He realised that between a rebel daughter and a confirmed bachelor son, neither of us would be contributing to the dynasty. 
 He said he'd rather give it to the lost dogs' home. 
 I was wondering if you could show Miss Valentina over the grounds? 
 Seeing as you're getting on so well. 
 It would be my pleasure. 
 She may not say much but she understands more than you think. 
 Here we go. 
 Only one problem, Miss. 
 You think it will be tricky to remove the twin carburettor? 
 I think so, Miss. 
 Especially 'cause it's not here. 
 What?! 
 That's curious. 
 It was there yesterday. 
 We need it for the ladies' team. 
 Perhaps Claude's mechanics removed it for some adjustments. 
 Don't deny it. You were seen skulking around my marquee, you and two rough-looking labourers. 
 I never skulk, and Cec and Bert are cabbies. 
 Ha! Thieves, more like. 
 I would appreciate it if you would return my team's property. 
 I'm sorry, I really don't follow you. 
 The twin carburettor. 
 Oh. 
 Mm-hm. 
 Well? 
 I'm afraid we don't have it, and as to its whereabouts, I'm as baffled as you are. 
 Enough with the games, Miss Fisher, the race is tomorrow. 
 It's time to be serious. 
 Really? 
 I heard these sort of high jinks go on all the time in racing circles. 
 Not in my circles, my girl. 
 Oh, why not? 
 The parties, the drinking, the fraternising. 
 You're a very eligible bachelor, Mr Pepper. 
 What's the harm in having a little fun? 
 Miss Fisher, I am a very busy man. 
 I have a business, I have political concerns, not to mention my presidency of the VAA. I don't have time for parties. 
 Oh, I'm sorry. What a shame. 
 But I'm also somewhat confused because... this letter that you wrote to Gerty Haynes suggests quite the opposite. 
 It's a forgery. It's a blatant attempt to blacken my name. 
 It's a very good forgery... considering it matches your hand exactly. 
 So you're behind this. 
 Behind what? 
 Blackmail is a dangerous game, my girl. 
 Yes, Gerty and I had a fling. 
 So what? 
 It was years ago. It meant nothing. 
 It must have meant something. 
 Gerty kept your letter. 
 I was a gentleman. 
 I would have done what was necessary, but she'd already left for London. 
 (Knock on door) 
 So I'll tell you what I told Gerty. 
 You'll get no money from me and this proves nothing but Gerty's loose morals. 
 Is everything alright, Miss? 
 Yes, thank you, Mr Butler. 
 So, how did you discover Pepper was the author of the secret letter? 
 I went to the VAA Lounge. Pepper was the one who invited Gerty in. 
 That's not fair. 
 I could only get as far as the gate. 
 The bartender saw Gerty and Pepper in a private booth. 
 Said they appeared to be having an argument. 
 If Gerty was attempting to squeeze money out of Mr Pepper by threatening to expose their past romantic history... 
 It gives him motive. 
 But... 
 Pepper has his own motor car. 
 Why follow her in Antony's car? 
 To avoid detection? 
 Did you follow up on Antony's story? 
 The girl can't be found, but the manager of the York Street Hotel thinks Mr Rose checked in. 
 Hardly watertight. 
 No, but I can't question him again without further evidence. 
 But you could question our friend Pepper. See what comes to light. 
 I intend to. 
 I'll see myself out. 
 Of course. 
 The fact that you're using that and not a key suggests to me that this is not as official as you led me to believe. 
 The late hour didn't tip you off? 
 Head injury consistent with impact of steering wheel. 
 Bruising on the neck, crushed windpipe, consistent with strangulation. 
 That finally convinced Jack it wasn't an accident. 
 Anything else mentioned in there? 
 Such as? 
 Gerty's general health, past illnesses... operations? 
 Why don't you tell me what you're looking for and I will tell you if it's here. 
 I can't make it too easy for you. 
 The Coroner makes reference to this, a lower abdominal scar which he surmises could be a hysterectomy... but he didn't check. 
 Mac, are you questioning the Coroner's judgement? 
 Well, rumour has it he's less than effective before his morning tipple, but I'm not one to gossip. Heaven forbid. 
 I can see why he thought it was a hysterectomy but it could also be that she had a caesarean. 
 You see the stretch marks around here? 
 Pregnancy will do that to a woman. 
 So, in your opinion, Gerty has carried a child. 
 Did I pass? 
 I haven't long. The rally starts in one hour and I missed breakfast. 
 Have you interviewed Lachlan Pepper? 
 Oh, he admitted meeting Gerty at the VAA Lounge. 
 Nothing we didn't already know. 
 Good. 
 Why would Gerty blackmail him over having an affair? It was years ago. 
 Neither of them were married. 
 There was nothing shameful about a small dalliance. 
 Not in some people's eyes. 
 Then, take a look at this. 
 The Adventuress Club keeps meticulous records of all our members' achievements. 
 Gerty took a six-month hiatus from racing in 1913. 
 What if the result of that dalliance was a child? 
 A living child. 
 That would bring the past into the present. 
 And really would be something to threaten Pepper with. 
 'Local political candidate has illegitimate offspring.' 
 He might win my vote, but safe to say, not many others. 
 Anyway, you've made me late. 
 I'll fill you in on the rest later. 
 Miss Fisher... 
 See you after the race! 
 Yes, hello? 
 Put me through to the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages. 
 Everybody ready? Victory awaits! 
 Ready, Miss. 
 Well, let's go! 
 Can I give you a lift in the Hispano? 
 You nervous? 
 We should be off. We can't be late. 
 Pepper will use any excuse to disqualify us. 
 Ailsa. You and Gerty were a team for a very long time. 
 This is the first race in years where Gerty hasn't been your driver. 
 Oh, you'll be fine. 
 Come on, got to get moving. 
 16 years to be exact. 
 That's when Gerty made her triumphant comeback. 
 It must have been difficult for both of you. 
 Millie's Gerty's daughter, isn't she? 
 She's been my daughter since the day she was born. 
 Gerty had a choice. 
 She chose to race. 
 And you took on Millie. 
 Well, I didn't think twice. 
 At the time, I was engaged. 
 We could give her a home. 
 Then came the war and John was killed. 
 Raising her alone was hard but that was my choice. 
 I couldn't have loved her any more than if she were my own. 
 Why did you argue with Gerty the night she died? 
 Was it because she was going overseas Gerty told me that Millie was her daughter and she could do what she wanted with her. 
 Her father might have cut her off, but when he saw his grandchild, he'd change his mind. 
 She was using Millie to get to his money. 
 I raised that child for 16 years but to Gerty, it was just a convenient arrangement. 
 I love Millie as my own. 
 So you stood up to her. 
 Gerty would never let me adopt Millie and I was too afraid to push it in case... in case she took her away. 
 I can't see Millie going without a fight. 
 Oh, once Gerty got something in her head, she... no-one else mattered. 
 But I tried to reason with her and... Millie overheard. 
 She thought you were arguing with Gerty about taking the car. 
 That's why she undid the wheel nut. 
 But Gerty... 
 Millie didn't kill Gerty. 
 I know. 
 The thought of her being taken away from you was too much. 
 I was furious. 
 And I knew Gerty would end up at the VAA Lounge so I went round there to just have my say and maybe I could change her mind. 
 By the time she came out, she was gone before I could catch her and... 
 Why did you take Antony's car? 
 Well, because it was there and I knew how to start it. 
 And I wasn't thinking. 
 I just did it. 
 You strangled her. 
 Then you draped the scarf through the door to make it look like an accident And you took her purse. 
 And I... I took out the birth certificate... and I destroyed it. 
 And then you drove the car back to the Lounge. 
 Gerty always did exactly what she wanted and to hell with everyone else. 
 But I had to protect my daughter. 
 All cars to the assembling area! 
 Just breathe. 
 All the best, Valentina. 
 I'm sure Gerty's cheering us on. 
 Miss Runnemallova, my foot. 
 If you're Russian, I'm Queen Mary. 
 You won't tell anyone? 
 No, your secret's safe with Wal, missy. 
 Whatever you got planned, you'd better do it soon. 
 Why? 
 You don't look like you know where the motor is, let alone how to use it. 
 Flick the ignition, hold down the clutch, take off the brake and give the throttle a good squeeze. 
 My sewing machine's harder than that. 
 Motor cars at the ready, please, members. 
 I just want to say goodbye to Millie and explain to her why I did what I did. 
 Please. You can take me to the police station after that... 
 (Banging on door) 
 Miss Wilton! Inspector Robinson. 
 Oh, Phryne. 
 (Banging on door) 
 Miss Wilton, if you're in there, please open the door. 
 Go. I'll take care of the Inspector. 
 Thank you. 
 Coming, Jack! 
 Miss Fisher? 
 Yes! 
 Is Ailsa in there with you? 
 Phryne! 
 Yes? 
 Yes, Ailsa's in there or...? 
 Oh, yes. No! 
 Well, uh, she was. 
 Can you open the door, please? 
 Of course. 
 Now, Miss Fisher. 
 I've made enquiries. 
 Ailsa Wilton is not Millie's mother. 
 Well, I suspect Ailsa and Millie would beg to disagree. 
 Where is she, Miss Fisher? 
 I do believe that she stepped out the back. 
 Two minutes till race time! Two minutes, gentlemen. Uh, and lady. 
 Miss Valentina, your goggles! 
 You forgot your goggles! 
 Oh, I did forget my goggles. 
 Don't forget your lipstick too. 
 Millie, where's Phryne? 
 Is she alright? 
 I don't know but someone has to race. Well, you'll need this. 
 Motor cars at the ready, please, members! 
 Now we got a race on our hands. 
 Miss Fisher? 
 Miss Fisher! 
 Sorry, got caught up. 
 Miss, it's too late. We had to have a new plan. Millie's driving. 
 Oh, well, in that case, let's go watch the race. 
 Phryne! 
 Claude, are you alright? 
 I'm so sorry, it's all gone wrong. 
 What is it? 
 The twin carby. 
 Wal's just seen it in Antony's engine and you've got this lovely Russian girl driving for Gerty... 
 All drivers, start their engines! 
 How much advantage will the carby give him? 
 She might catch him on the corners but as soon as Antony hits the straights, he'll leave her for dead. 
 I have an idea. 
 Go to the tent, find Claude... 
 What on earth is she doing? 
 (Bugle call) 
 See you at the finish line, Mr Rose! 
 All : Go, go, go, go, go, go! 
 Oh, dear. 
 I believe I'm stuck. 
 I must have water on my points. 
 (Cheering and applause) 
 Mum! 
 I am so sorry. 
 I'll keep the garage running. 
 I'll work hard every day. 
 Oh, I know you will. 
 I'll make sure she's looked after. 
 I'd like to lodge a complaint. 
 Are you sure you're in the right place? 
 Unlicensed driving and driving under false pretences. 
 The women's team is disqualified. 
 And I'm afraid, Miss Fisher, you lose your little wager. 
 Oh. That's one way of looking at it. 
 Or you could take this glorious opportunity to admit your long-lost daughter as the first female member of the VAA. 
 Wh... You? 
 Don't expect to get a discount on repairs. 
 (Knock on door) 
 Oh, good evening, Inspector. 
 Evening. 
 Ah, Jack, I was beginning to give up hope. 
 Whisky? 
 Oh, no, thank you. 
 You're not indulging tonight? 
 I came to return something of yours you left in my car. 
 You didn't wash it? 
 I didn't see much point. The exhaust pipe burnt right through it. 
 It was only a small delay. 
 Engineered by you, once again to your own advantage. 
 I know we have some minor points of contention, Jack. 
 But we enjoy uncovering the truth together, don't we? 
 Therein lies the problem. 
 What do you mean? 
 When I thought it was you in that wreckage... I found it unbearable. 
 Sounds serious. 
 It is. 
 I am who I am, Jack. 
 I can't give that up. 
 I'm not asking you to give it up. 
 I would never ask you to do that. 
 So you're giving up me instead? 
 What we do best, us, together. 
 You'd sacrifice that? 
 If you did that, Jack, I would feel.. 
 I would feel like it was you lying in that wreckage. 
 Please, can you think about that? 
 I will. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 