Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Death by Miss Adventure - Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Death by Miss Adventure https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=288&t=18175 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/29/12 05:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Death by Miss Adventure 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Apologies, Miss, but Doctor MacMillan is here. 
 It's a bit early for a house call. 
 She doesn't seem herself, Miss. 
 Her name was Daisy Miller. 
 Did you know this girl? 
 I attended when they rang the emergency bell. 
 Mr Butler! 
 Forget the big breakfast. 
 This calls for a pot of strong coffee, and Mac will need a... stiff drink. 
 Go on, take your medicine. 
 Let me be the doctor for a change. 
 So this young woman, Daisy, she was working by her machine when the accident P This was no accident. 
 By the time they let me see the body, Gaskin and his foreman were already skulking around. 
 There's more to this, Phryne. 
 I'm sure of it. 
 If anyone happens to ask, you're my nurse. 
 Glad I dressed for the occasion. 
 Doctor Mac. 
 Gladys. 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 How often did you say you visit this factory? 
 I've been treating Roderick Gaskin, the owner. 
 I was here this morning to give him his injection. 
 And what's this Gaskin done to deserve such close attention? 
 Well, apart from serving on the hospital board, precious little. 
 What's his ailment? 
 Bad heart, in every sense of the word. 
 Hugh. 
 You're looking rather green around the gills. 
 Miss Fisher, you ladies should stand back. 
 There's been a... a gruesome accident. 
 That's why I'm here. 
 I'm sorry, and you are...? 
 Phryne Fisher. 
 Mr Gaskin. 
 I believe you sit on the Women's Hospital Board with my Aunt Prudence. 
 Of course. 
 This doesn't concern you, Doctor. 
 This area is out of bounds. 
 The Coroner is on his way to collect the remains and then there's some mopping up to do. 
 Surely you can't do that until the police have investigated. 
 The Constable here is satisfied it was an accident. 
 He's signed papers to that effect, so if you'll excuse me... 
 Hugh, may I have a quick word? 
 Are you convinced this is an accident? 
 It all seems straight enough, Miss. 
 The woman came in to work, she turned on the machine, her hair got caught in the cogs... 
 Her hair got caught in the cogs and she was pulled in. 
 What time was this? 
 Eight o'clock. 
 Excuse me... 
 I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to insist that the two of you leave the factory floor. 
 Of course. 
 I wouldn't want to take it up with the hospital board. 
 Any reason to think it's not an accident? 
 The owner was very eager to get us out of there. 
 That wouldn't have anything to do with you barging in there like a freight train, would it? 
 I was a charming freight train. 
 Mmm. 
 Hugh seems to have written a thorough report. 
 The poor boy had lost his breakfast and was in the process of losing yesterday's lunch by the time he wrote that. 
 He was hardly in a fit state. 
 For instance, he notes the time of death as 8:00am. 
 Which is when the workers start. 
 I was there at half nine. 
 The blood at the scene of the accident was completely dry. 
 That takes longer than an hour and a half. 
 I'd wager the victim was dead a good few hours before 8:00am, which makes me wonder why Mr Gaskin took so long to telephone the police. 
 Hmm. 
 Ah, excuse the mess. 
 The accident has put us at least a day behind schedule. 
 Can I get you something? Joyce? 
 I'm Roderick's sister, Joyce Gaskin. 
 And my assistant. 
 Chase up a pot of tea for the Inspector, can you? 
 That won't be necessary, thank you. 
 I just have some more questions about Daisy Murphy's death. 
 I've already been through all the details with your constable. 
 Can you tell me who found the body? 
 That was Ted Colgan, our foreman. 
 The report says the girl went into the machine at 8:00am. 
 Is there any possibility it was earlier? 
 No, the machines don't start up till eight, so no, no, there's no possibility. 
 You saw the body. 
 The woman's hair obviously got caught up in the workings of the machine. 
 Surely I'm not obliged to answer two lots of questions. 
 Miss Fisher, would you mind? 
 Our machines are fitted with guards, to keep the workers safe. 
 I'll deal with this, Joyce. 
 Then how did she get caught in the machine? 
 Are you going to allow her to harangue me? 
 Roderick, please. Your heart. 
 You should have let the doctor give you your injection. 
 Miss Fisher, would you mind waiting outside? 
 I just have a few more questions for the Gaskins. 
 I'll show myself out. 
 What do you think you're doing here? 
 Imagining what the last moments of her life must have been like. 
 Poor woman. 
 Mr Gaskin is a dear friend of my aunt. 
 We haven't met. 
 Ted Colgan. 
 I'm the foreman. 
 You're the one who found her. 
 Must have a terrible shock. 
 What time was that? 
 Boss said there was a lady detective I should keep an eye out for. 
 He also said that if I found you snooping around holding up production, he wanted to be the first to know. 
 Mr Gaskin wants me to charge you. 
 How can you call it trespass when I arrived with the police? 
 I don't recall asking you to return to the machine. 
 Gaskin is definitely covering something up. 
 I'm afraid the Coroner disagrees with you. 
 'Death by broken neck. 
 Severed arteries, massive blood loss, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, can only conclude the deceased lost her footing and that death was accidental.' 
 I'm not convinced it was an accident. 
 How about you? 
 I'd say there are grounds for doubt. 
 So, your car or mine? 
 Neither. 
 You had your chance. 
 Mr Gaskin made it abundantly clear he doesn't want you anywhere near his factory. 
 Which means you'll have to leave the investigating to the police. 
 If you'll just look, I'll explain. 
 It's not like you to be squeamish. 
 See, there's blood all over the machine, all over the floor, all over these cartons. 
 But there's none on the safety guard. 
 Which means it was replaced afterwards. 
 Some of the women said they were asked to work without the safety guard, that it slowed them down. 
 Which makes the factory guilty of negligence, but not of murder. 
 Last week at the factory, Daisy approached me. 
 She said she'd found out Gaskin was up to something illegal. 
 But she didn't venture to say what? 
 She was going to find evidence. 
 And you didn't think to mention this earlier? 
 She told me in confidence, and it's hardly a concrete accusation, is it? 
 No. 
 But it does make me want to find out more about what Gaskin was up to. 
 It's tricky, given that you can't get anywhere near the factory, whereas he'll have to let me back in if he wants the injection he missed this morning. 
 Forgive me, but I think he likes you even less than he likes me. 
 But perhaps... there's someone else we could send in. 
 Martha Driscoll? 
 Yes... Miss Gaskin. 
 And you've no previous experience? 
 I was a lady's maid, once. 
 Well, I'm afraid there are no ladies here, Martha. 
 Oh... 
 Never worked in a factory before, never operated machinery? 
 Uh, no. 
 I'm afraid there's nothing for you. 
 But I am very keen to learn. 
 You see... I need the money. 
 My mother has the influenza, and... 
 My aunt died of influenza. 
 Ugh. 
 There is one thing I can do, though, better than almost anyone else, I've been told. 
 Yes? 
 I make a very enjoyable cup of tea. 
 If I needed help, I would have asked for it. 
 Miss Gaskin sent you? 
 Yes. 
 S'pose I'm stuck with you then. 
 Thank you, Miss...? 
 Hetty. 
 I'm Martha. 
 Well, Martha, you'd better mind your Ps and Qs or they'll move you onto one of those big machines first chance they get. 
 Chop chop. Get a move on. 
 Let's see what kind of brew you can turn out. 
 Is he a nice man, Mr Gaskin? 
 Nice isn't the word I'd use. 
 Married? Single? 
 Look, I know tea ladies have got a reputation for gossip, but that is not me, alright? 
 This is a tough job - we have to serve the entire factory, and if we get behind with our work, then the bosses will be on my back, which I don't need. 
 Got that? 
 Got that. 
 We do the Gaskins first. 
 I'll do him. He's particular. 
 You do her. 
 Do I have to say anything special? 
 She's not the bloody Queen. 
 So I practised my curtsey for nothing, then? 
 Next time, can you wait before I call you in? 
 Sorry. 
 Your tea, Miss. 
 Thank you. 
 Just leave his on his desk. 
 Who knows where he's wandered off to? 
 My supervising the ladies isn't wandering, Joyce. 
 What's happened to this tea? 
 It's actually drinkable for a change. 
 Miss Gaskin was writing in it when I came in. 
 And she tried to hide this book when she saw you? 
 Yes, right away. 
 Was her brother in the room? 
 Um... not then, no. 
 I'm not sure I ever want to see another cup of tea in my life. 
 Excuse me. 
 What sort of a book was it? 
 A diary? 
 It was small enough, but I'm not really certain. 
 Could you find a way to get a hold of it? 
 I'd have to find a time when Miss Gaskin was out of the office. 
 I have complete faith in you, Dot. 
 Mrs Stanley is here. 
 Trespass is a serious charge, Phryne. 
 Did the Doctor put you up to this? 
 I can assure you I wasn't trespassing. 
 Do you have any notion just how much money Roderick Gaskin has donated to the hospital? 
 He didn't strike me as a particularly charitable type. 
 My dear, when a member of the manufacturing classes attempts to buy respectability, who am I to say him nay? 
 Ah, well, when you put it like that... 
 You'd best warn the doctor that... that this is not the first time a complaint has been made. 
 Oh? 
 Well, you know I'm not one to speak out of turn. 
 But if I insist? 
 The board has been made aware of the doctor's more... unconventional activities. 
 What she does behind closed doors is a matter entirely between herself and her maker. 
 But Mr Gaskin has heard rumours that she has been giving un-Christian advice to some of the girls at the factory, and he will be reporting this to the board if you continue your absurd crusade. 
 Not a threat to be taken lightly. 
 It's upside down. 
 Sorry? 
 Other way, love. 
 Oh, ta. 
 Martha! Urn's boiling. 
 Get a move on. 
 Morning, Cec, Bert. 
 Did Dot get off to work alright? 
 Yeah, dropped her round the corner. 
 Not a lot of workers take a taxi cab to work. 
 She won't be in any sort of danger, will she, Miss? 
 She's on a fact-finding mission. 
 Pure reconnaissance. 
 I'm sure Dot is smart enough not to take unnecessary risks. 
 Postie came earlier this morning. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Everything alright, Miss? 
 Yes, of course. 
 So why's our Miss Fisher getting letters from the City Gaol? 
 Which machine was it? 
 Where the woman died? 
 You're writing a book, are you? 
 Just curious. 
 Next building. 
 Poor girl. 
 This place gives me the heeby-jeebies. 
 I heard the foreman found her, but what about all the women on the other machines? 
 Couldn't they help her? 
 There's the foreman. 
 Why don't you ask him? 
 That one's stewing. 
 Start another pot. 
 I'm going out for a puff. 
 Excuse me, Doctor. 
 Would you like a cuppa? 
 Why not, Martha? 
 You look like a 'black with lemon' kind of lady to me. 
 How did you know? 
 Thank you. 
 Joyce! 
 Joyce, we need a word. 
 Where the hell is she now? 
 She went downstairs, sir. 
 Oh. 
 Check in the powder room. I'll she if she's down in the loading bay. 
 Right away, sir. 
 Typical bloody woman. 
 Excuse me, Miss? 
 Where might I find Lorna Fulton? 
 She's just over there with the red hair. Thank you. 
 I don't have a clue what you're talking about. 
 One of the girls said that if I wanted to have a bit of extra pin money... 
 What other girl? Who said? 
 I can't remember her name. 
 Well, if I were you, I'd stick to making tea. 
 Lorna! 
 'Miss Fisher, I realise you have taken steps to ensure I remain at His Majesty's pleasure indefinitely. 
 We did not end our last meeting on the best of terms, but I write in the hope that you will agree to meet with me. 
 You want the truth, above all else, and I want my freedom. 
 So I have a proposition that may be of mutual advantage. 
 Yours, Murdoch Foyle.' 
 Yes? 
 There's a call from Dorothy at the factory, Miss. 
 It sounds urgent. 
 I'll need to interview any workers who saw your brother fall, Miss Gaskin. 
 Of course. Whatever you need. 
 You again, Miss Fisher. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I was just passing. 
 I see the threat of a trespass charge hasn't discouraged you. 
 If I were easily discouraged, you would have frightened me off on our first crime scene. 
 OUR first crime scene? 
 Correct me if I'm wrong, but you agreed to leave this one to the police. 
 You're never wrong, Inspector. 
 Just a little behind the times. 
 Roderick Gaskin won't be pursuing this complaint. 
 Ah! 
 If you're good, I'll keep you informed. 
 Give my regards to the tea lady. 
 Well, I didn't see him fall. 
 I was in here having a smoko. 
 I'm sorry. Miss Gaskin said the tea lady saw... 
 That's the other tea lady, Martha. 
 Do you mind telling me Martha's surname? 
 It's Driscoll. 
 Martha, the police want to have a word. 
 Um... I'll take the cups. 
 So... Martha, is it? 
 You saw Mr Gaskin fall? 
 Yes, sir, I was in the yard. 
 Constable! 
 Take down Miss Driscoll's statement. 
 Where did you see him fall from? 
 It was his office window. 
 Up the end, near his desk. 
 I didn't see the glass break, but I looked up just after he... landed. 
 And did you see anything? 
 I saw Miss Gaskin in the window. 
 She was with Mr Colgan, the foreman. 
 Thank you, Miss Driscoll. 
 I imagine it must have been a great shock. 
 Dot! What are you doing here? 
 It could be dangerous. 
 It's Martha, and I'm fine, thank you very much. 
 Constable! 
 We were talking in the corridor. 
 We heard the glass break. 
 Did you see anyone go into the office? 
 Miss Gaskin and I had been up the other end of the factory and we'd just got back. 
 So you didn't notice anyone else in the office with Mr Gaskin when he fell? 
 No. 
 So someone else could have been in the office with him and left by the other door? 
 Yes. 
 If they were quick. 
 You know of anyone who might want to do Roger Gaskin harm? 
 No. 
 How did you get on with him? 
 As well as anybody. 
 I didn't really have much to do with him. 
 I deal with Miss Gaskin. 
 She's the one who's been running this place for years. 
 No, I was in the corridor when he fell. 
 Were you by yourself? 
 No, I was with Ted Colgan, our foreman. 
 So your brother was alone in the office? 
 I think so. 
 You were seen at the window with a man. 
 That's right. 
 We rushed in after we heard the glass break. 
 I'm sorry, this is such a shock. 
 And how did your brother seem last time you saw him? 
 How was his mood? 
 He's been under a lot of strain of late. 
 Any reason to believe he could have taken his own life? 
 Roger could never do that. 
 Did he seem agitated today? 
 That's fair to say of any day. 
 But he always seems particularly grizzly when he has to see the doctor. 
 Doctor? 
 Doctor MacMillan came back to give my brother the injection he missed. 
 She must have seen him, just before the accident. 
 
 
 
 Miss Fisher. 
 I'm just waiting for a friend. 
 Bring the car around, will you, Constable? Sir. 
 Before you deliver your lecture, I'm quite prepared to get Dot out of there this minute. 
 How is she? 
 Cool as a cucumber. 
 She appears to have done an excellent job of infiltration. 
 She was trained by the best. 
 But if she gets wind of any information the police should know about... 
 There are more pressing matters. 
 Have you spoken to Doctor MacMillan today? No. 
 I expect she's busy at the hospital. 
 Why? 
 It seems she was the last person to see Gaskin alive. 
 Well, I could say that I'm sorry, but I doubt that anyone would believe me. 
 His heart condition wasn't critical, if that's what you're here to find out. 
 Why did you go back to the factory? 
 Well, there is the little matter of the Hippocratic Oath. 
 He was under my care. 
 What time did you treat him? 
 The appointment was for half past eight. 
 Allow a good five minutes for the usual bickering and I had to wait for Joyce to unlock the drawer where she keeps the digitalis. 
 She's the only one with a key. 
 And after the treatment? 
 I would have left the factory at ten to nine. 
 Drove straight back to the hospital. 
 Gaskin went out the window at nine. 
 Mmm. 
 The trip takes about 15 minutes and I was about five minutes late for my nine o'clock patient. 
 Which puts you in the clear. 
 I'm almost sorry to disappoint your inspector. 
 I wouldn't take it personally. 
 Suspicion is his stock in trade. 
 Murdoch Foyle wrote to me. 
 Why? 
 Has he confessed? 
 No. 
 But he has a proposition. 
 He wants me to visit him at the jail. 
 Tell me you're not going. 
 Perhaps he wants to tell the truth about what happened to Janey. 
 Or perhaps he's just toying with you. 
 The man is evil. 
 You've made sure he's locked up. 
 Now just forget he ever existed. 
 Stay away from him, Phryne. 
 I'd like to see every boss spend a day in a factory. 
 See how the workers suffer. 
 I'd like to see you last a day. 
 Oh, Miss, I didn't hear you come in. 
 Can I get you some supper? 
 Perhaps something a little more fortifying. 
 Dot, I'm so glad to see you safe. 
 I didn't expect more bloodshed. 
 But this new death must be connected to the first, don't you think? 
 I thought you would have had enough. 
 Oh, no, Miss. I have to go back. 
 I haven't solved the case yet. 
 But I did find something interesting. 
 I tore these from the book that Miss Gaskin tried to hide. 
 Definitely sounds dodgy. 
 Some of the girls work extra hours. 
 No-one will talk about it, but it's what Miss Gaskin's book is all about. 
 It said that Daisy worked from 6:00 until 10:00pm that night. 
 So Miss Gaskin has them doing secret shifts at night. 
 That would explain the blood. 
 It was dry on the machine. 
 Daisy may not have been discovered until the next morning, but I'd say she died the night before. 
 I took the early pages so she wouldn't notice, but it goes right up until a few days ago. 
 It's worker exploitation. 
 Poor girls can't earn enough from a decent day's wage, so they have to work half the night. 
 But Miss Gaskin isn't doing this on her own. 
 I saw the foreman handing out extra pay packets to one of the women. 
 If her brother found about this little scheme, that could have been their motive to get rid of him. 
 Well, whatever's going on, it's suspicious. 
 Excellent work, Dot. 
 Keep your eyes and ears open. 
 And meanwhile, I think we should plan a late-night trip to the Gaskin factory. 
 Say... ten o'clock? 
 Miss, your aunt is here to see you. 
 This is the limit, Phryne! 
 I've reached the absolute bitter end of my patience. 
 Good evening, Aunt Prudence. 
 With all due respect, for whatever feelings of loyalty you might still harbour for that woman, I wish to inform you that I can no longer protect your Doctor MacMillan. 
 You've clearly heard about the death of Mr Gaskin? 
 The entire hospital board was convened for an emergency meeting! 
 Joyce Gaskin was beside herself. 
 She has insisted that Doctor MacMillan be removed from her position. 
 On what grounds? 
 On the grounds that she is suspected of murdering Roderick Gaskin. 
 No, that's not true! 
 Well, will you please explain to me why the police arrived at the hospital this evening and took her away? 
 Took her away? 
 It was that dour inspector you're so fond of. 
 He marched her through the front door for anyone who wanted to watch. 
 Jack, you can't be serious about this. 
 Gaskin was dead before he hit the ground. 
 Heart attack induced by bleach poisoning. 
 I don't understand. 
 There was no bleach in his stomach. 
 The only way it could have been administered is intravenously. 
 They think I killed him. 
 The Coroner suggests the amount of bleach, mixed with the digitalis, would have taken ten to fifteen minutes to take effect. 
 Long enough for the Doctor to return to the hospital. 
 We have to hold the doctor until we have contradictory evidence. 
 What you don't have is motive. 
 We know Gaskin threatened to make her life difficult with the hospital board. 
 That's hardly enough for her to kill him. 
 It's true that Gaskin disapproved of Mac's attitude, but so does half the world, the wrong half, if you ask me. 
 And Mac's used to sailing close to the wind. 
 She's the one who asked me to investigate Daisy's death. 
 Why do that if she planned to kill Gaskin? 
 Assuming it's something she planned. 
 I doubt that she injected bleach into his veins in a fit of passion. 
 If you have any other explanation, I'd love to hear it. 
 Simple. 
 Someone else tampered with the vial. 
 Who would tamper with it? 
 And to what purpose? 
 To frame Mac. And it's obviously had the desired effect. 
 As to who, Joyce Gaskin for one. 
 She's the only one with a key to the drawer that contained the vial. 
 What motive would she have to frame the doctor? 
 To deflect blame from herself. 
 Dot suspects Joyce keeps a secret ledger. 
 Based on what exactly? 
 On an address book she keeps in her handbag, which mysteriously made its way into Dot's possession. 
 She's working the women late into the night. 
 That's when Daisy was killed, while working one of these extra shifts. 
 All very interesting, but still not proof she's involved in the deaths. 
 But enough to raise reasonable doubt. 
 I'll prove Joyce is up to something. 
 Here comes someone. 
 Maybe they're winding things up now Gaskin's dead. 
 Expecting supplies? 
 Bit late for a delivery, isn't it? 
 That's Ted Colgan. The foreman. 
 Oi. Got a smoke, mate? 
 I'm desperate for a smoke. 
 Come on, mate. 
 Here. Have a couple. 
 Alright? 
 Oi! 
 You got a light? 
 Oi! 
 You look after yourself, mate. 
 'Miss Fisher, I realise you have taken steps to ensure my...' 
 My apologies, Miss. 
 I wasn't sure whether you intended to keep the letter. 
 Thank you. 
 Did you read it? 
 It's not my place to read personal correspondence. 
 Do you think it's possible to make a deal with the devil? 
 I'm not a religious man. 
 Not since the day Mrs Butler passed. 
 I understand. 
 I know what it's like to have someone taken before their time. 
 It's enough to drive you to distraction. 
 That's when I hear Mrs Butler's voice telling me, persevere. 
 Goodnight, Miss. 
 Goodnight, Mr Butler. 
 Did they offer you tea? 
 Quite right. It's undrinkable slop. 
 No-one should be forced to endure it. 
 Tell me, what kind of evening is it? 
 One that you'll never see. 
 Well, that's where you're wrong. 
 I think you might be prepared to help me see the sunshine again. 
 I doubt it. 
 My time is precious, Miss Fisher. 
 We both have something the other desires. 
 What if I told you what happened to your sister? 
 Ohh. 
 I do have something you want after all. 
 What would that cost? 
 My freedom. 
 You rescind your objection to my parole and I will tell you everything. 
 You'd come straight back here. 
 Not if I'm innocent. 
 There's only one way out of here for you. 
 Confess what you did to my sister and hang for it. 
 Otherwise, stay here and rot in hell. 
 My day of resurrection will come, Phryne Fisher, whether you help me or not. 
 I thought we made it clear you're not welcome here. 
 I have some questions for Miss Gaskin. 
 Well, as you can see, we are rather busy at the moment. 
 Yes, you must be completely exhausted after lifting all those cartons last night. 
 That's a very serious accusation, Inspector. 
 And we received a report the truck was seen at the docks, where the plumbing fittings were offloaded for export. 
 You have my assurance Mr Colgan will be severely reprimanded. 
 Not sacked? 
 I doubt your brother would have been so generous. 
 Now that I'm in charge, I intend to do things differently from my brother. 
 Do you intend to keep your little sideline going? 
 I beg your pardon? 
 Mr Colgan organised the women to work extra hours and looked after the sale of the extra goods, but you clearly knew about it. 
 Where did you get that? 
 I'm not in a position to divulge my source. 
 Inspector... 
 Bleach from the missing vial. 
 When was this bin emptied? 
 Yesterday's rubbish. 
 Where did it go? 
 Uh... it would be out in the yard. 
 Which way? 
 Round the back. 
 We'll be continuing this discussion, Miss Gaskin. 
 Fine. 
 But now that I own the factory, you'll have to hard time proving I was trying to rob myself. 
 That's not what I'm interested in, Miss Gaskin. 
 What I want to know is how far you were prepared to go to get the better of your brother. 
 You've got to stop this nonsense, Dot. 
 My name is Martha. 
 I'm serious. It's not safe here. 
 Look, I'm not leaving until Miss Phryne tells me. 
 Martha! 
 I've got to go. 
 Dot, please. 
 I don't like any of this. 
 Lucky you're not the one doing it. 
 Dot. 
 I think you'll find the incinerators over there, Constable. 
 Was that copper getting fresh? 
 He was alright. Just got lost. 
 Clearly scraping the bottom of the barrel with that one. 
 I can't believe they arrested that doctor. 
 Did they? 
 Who told you that? 
 One of the girls was saying. 
 Doesn't surprise me. 
 You wouldn't believe half the things she got up to. 
 What kinds of things? 
 Mr Gaskin used to get me to keep an eye on the place. 
 If you know anything about that girl in the machine, or Mr Gaskin, you should tell the police. 
 Talk to the coppers? 
 That constable. 
 He looked alright to me. 
 Do you mind repeating what you told me earlier? 
 I used to keep an eye on things for Mr Gaskin. 
 Let him know what was happening on the factory floor. 
 I was allowed to go everywhere. 
 Like a spy? 
 He wanted to know what was going on with that doctor. 
 Go on. 
 Every week the doctor would come to see Mr Gaskin, and every week she would arrive early. 
 Sometimes half an hour, sometimes an hour. 
 She started meeting with women in the tea rooms, see if they had any medical troubles. 
 So she was running a clinic. 
 Helping those women is hardly a crime. 
 Depends what she helped them do. 
 She was advising the women about... family planning. 
 Young Maisie got into trouble with a boy from the Presbyterian dance, and that doctor got her in touch with a midwife, a woman who fixed her up. 
 And you told Gaskin? 
 My word. 
 Can you repeat what you said about Daisy Murphy? 
 That doctor made friends with her. 
 More than friends. 
 She did unnatural things with Daisy. 
 Most people'd want to lock her up just for that. 
 You loved her. 
 And you suffered in silence while I showed you those photographs of the blood on the machine. 
 What could I have said? 
 The truth would have given me a running start. 
 I went to Daisy's funeral service. 
 Her mother came and thanked me for being such a good doctor. 
 I was so much more to her than that. 
 Oh, Mac. 
 I didn't kill him. 
 How long have we known each other? 
 Too bloody long. 
 Then you know... there are some things that don't need to be said. 
 There should only be one hole. 
 Where the needle went through. 
 So the other hole would have been made earlier, when someone injected bleach into the vial. 
 But you claim to be unaware of this when you gave him the shot? 
 Joyce had opened the drawer and was called out of the office. 
 Gaskin was his usual charming self, which meant everything took a lot longer than it should have. 
 I told him not to be such a big baby. 
 I was so distracted by his carry-on that... that I didn't inspect the vial. 
 The safety guard on this machine was clearly placed there after your worker's accident. 
 And the bloodstains indicate Daisy's accident was less recent than that morning. 
 More likely the night before. 
 You had a lot more to keep hidden from your brother than a few extra shifts. 
 The vial was clearly tampered with, and you were the only other person with access to it. Wait. 
 Normally I take my keys with me every time I leave the office. 
 But yesterday, I was in the storeroom to audit the stock. 
 I do it every Wednesday. 
 Was there anyone with you who can confirm this? 
 Yes. Ted Colgan. 
 Why didn't you tell us this before? 
 Because it is a matter of some delicacy. 
 You see, Mr Colgan is married. 
 So it's possible someone might know of your regular tryst. 
 We were always very discreet. 
 And the keys? 
 When I left for the storeroom, I left them on the hook. 
 Someone who knows everything that goes on in the factory. 
 Someone who's allowed to go everywhere. 
 Someone who is the very eyes and ears of the place. 
 Where's Dot? 
 I thought you'd be too snooty for us when you started. 
 I'm just shy. 
 I had my key right here like you showed me. 
 The Gaskins don't exactly spend a fortune on their workers. 
 Another day, another tuppence. 
 But tomorrow I'll show you how to skive off to the sorting room for a break. 
 See ya. 
 'Hetty, my dear, I don't know how to begin this. 
 I know you don't want to hear this, but I can't see you ever again. 
 What happened was wrong, and I could never feel like you do. 
 Please leave me alone. 
 I'm very sorry that I hurt you. 
 Your friend, Daisy.' 
 What are you doing? 
 Those letters are private. 
 I'm so... so sorry. 
 I... 
 You and Daisy... 
 She was mine. 
 Until that Doctor came along. 
 I'm not the kind of person to judge. 
 What sort of person are you, Martha Driscoll? 
 Are you the sort of person that looks through someone else's locker? 
 Martha! 
 Martha, it's alright! 
 Martha, I'm sorry! 
 I didn't mean to... 
 Martha. 
 Martha! I'm not a killer! 
 You have to believe me! 
 Daisy was an accident. 
 What about Mr Gaskin? 
 You killed him. 
 That doctor deserved it. 
 She stole her from me. 
 I'm not a killer, Martha. 
 Take it back. 
 I can't. 
 Then I'm going to have to change your mind. 
 Dot! Dot! 
 Why are you doing this, Hetty? 
 I know you tampered with Gaskin's medicine, that you tried to frame the doctor. 
 I'm going to hang for this! 
 Phryne, no! 
 Phryne? 
 I'm alright. 
 She did love me. I know she did. 
 Speaking on behalf of the hospital board, and for myself personally, I should like to express my deep, deep regret for what seems to have been a somewhat over-hasty decision regarding your suspension. 
 However, in light of recent ameliorating events, I'm pleased to say that the aforesaid suspension is to be lifted. 
 More pie, Aunt Prudence? 
 I'm not going to ask what you plan to do, because I already know. 
 How? 
 I had a telephone call this afternoon from the Governor of City Jail. 
 You are well connected. 
 He told me you paid Murdoch Foyle a visit. 
 He offered me a deal. 
 Information about Janey's death. 
 In exchange for...? 
 Securing his release. 
 I hope you're not asking for my help. 
 But I am. 
 Tell me not to place myself above the law. 
 Not to let a killer loose because I want the truth. 
 Tell me there's a greater good than my own need to know. 
 You never listen to me, anyway. 
 Humour me. 
 You know what to do. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 