Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x18 - American Dreams - FBI 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x18 - American Dreams https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1014&t=42454 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 09:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x18 - American Dreams 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Seriously? 
 It wasn't me. 
 I saw that, Owen. 
 Now give her hat back and apologize. 
 Sorry, I was just messing around. 
 What book are you reading? 
 You're an idiot. 
 Ooh. 
 Open that door! 
 Or we blow up the bus. 
 What's going on? Oh, my God. 
 Who was the president during World War I? 
 Woodrow Wilson. Next question. 
 What are the three branches of government? 
 Executive, legislative, judicial. 
 Next. 
 We have done them all five times. 
 You haven't missed a single one. 
 What if I forget? 
 14 years I wait to take this test and raise my hand to become a real American. 
 How shameful it would be to fail... 
 Tant, you got this. Trust me. 
 What about you? Hm? 
 Omar, your mother tells me you have a girlfriend, this Mona. 
 Yes, we've been seeing each other. 
 She sounds like a good woman... beautiful, Egyptian... 
 She's great. She's amazing, but... 
 But what? 
 You're not ready to settle down, start a family? Something like that. 
 In time, you will see, Omar. 
 Children, family... 
 That is all that really matters. 
 I am sorry, Tant. 
 Something came up at work. I gotta go. 
 So that school bus and 26 grade school kids just went missing in Westchester County. 
 How does a school bus go missing? 
 Unclear, but it never arrived at Taft Elementary, and all the cell phones on board went dark at 7:41. 
 We sent a chopper to aid with the search but so far, nothing. 
 Well, those busses are tracked. 
 What about the GPS transponder? 
 Disabled also at 7:41. 
 So a mass kidnapping? 
 Could be a kidnapping. 
 Could be a domestic terror attack. 
 It also could be an isolated event or a first salvo. 
 Right now, we have to consider all possibilities. 
 Did intel agencies pick up chatter? 
 They're checking. Meanwhile, why don't you guys head over to the school? 
 Isobel's already on the way. 
 Just dig into the kids' families, the bus driver, and look for any red flags. 
 Yeah. 
 Good. Yeah. 
 All right, so the cell phones went offline here. 
 It's a rural area, so there's no street cams. 
 Okay, I'll head to the scene, try and pick up a trail. 
 Exactly. Grab Maggie, and... oh. 
 Keep forgetting she's off undercover. 
 Yeah, me too. 
 Hey, Samantha, it's me. 
 Have you taken the kids to school yet? 
 Yeah, why don't you keep 'em home today? 
 Just pretend it's a snow day. 
 Yeah, no, everything's fine... just to be safe. 
 Okay, thanks. 
 Where are we on witnesses? 
 We're canvassing. 
 The nearest house is 1/2 mile from here. 
 Did you guys set up any checkpoints? 
 And we're talking to every driver. 
 So far, nobody saw a thing. 
 Now, based on the last GPS coordinates, this is where the bus last was. 
 My neighbor's kids were on that bus. 
 I know the driver, Mike McCabe. 
 Does McCabe have any issues that you know of? 
 No, Mike's a stand up guy. 
 I mean, he grew up here. 
 Hey, I found something. 
 Over here. 
 Okay, cell phones. Don't touch anything. 
 I got a body. 
 I'm guessing that's Mike McCabe? 
 Okay, set up a grid search. 
 There may be more evidence or victims. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Isobel Castille. 
 I'm the special agent in charge at the New York office of the FBI. 
 Did you find our kids? 
 Is it true the bus driver's dead? 
 We are still searching for your children, but we did discover the body of an adult male. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Please know... and this is extremely important... there were no other signs of foul play at the scene. 
 Then what happened to our son? 
 Right now, we are treating it as a kidnapping. 
 Agents will interview you, get your phone and email information so we can keep you updated with any news, and then we will ask you to please go home. 
 Home? How can we go home? 
 We need to know where to find you, and there is a possibility that the kidnapper or your child will call the house. 
 Is Owen on medication or have health issues of any kind? 
 No, he's a perfect little boy. 
 Mr. Jamison, I see that you run a hedge fund. 
 Is that correct? 
 Yes, why is this relevant? 
 Because I'm guessing that you have a higher net worth than anyone in the school by a considerable margin. 
 Possibly, but I don't... 
 Have you ever received any threats or had any concerns about kidnapping? 
 Nothing like that. We're not flashy. 
 We keep a real low profile. 
 I can't imagine this has anything to do with me. 
 Has anything unusual happened lately? 
 Any stalkers? Any odd calls? 
 Anything... big or small, doesn't matter. 
 Oh, this might sound crazy, but the other day, Owen missed the bus so he caught it at a later stop, and when he was getting on the bus, I noticed this car parked nearby, When the bus took off, the car followed it. 
 It might be nothing, but... 
 What kind of car? 
 A sedan... it was green, I think. 
 Let's assume the green sedan was surveilling our bus. 
 Let's check every inch of the bus route for witnesses or cameras that may have seen this car. 
 We're looking for a driver's face, a license plate, anything. Go, go. 
 Jubal. Yeah? 
 I got something. That was fast. 
 Oh, not on the car. 
 The techs recovered a video from one of the smashed phones. 
 They just sent the file. 
 Eyes up, y'all! 
 Oh, my gosh. Open that door! 
 Or we're gonna blow up the bus! 
 Oh, my God. Oh, my God. 
 Oh, my God. Guys... 
 Don't hurt the kids. Shut up! 
 Cell phones off! Turn the cell phones off! 
 Cell phones... 
 Hey. Hey. 
 All right, so what are we looking at? 
 At least two gunmen, one sounds American. 
 What else do we know? 
 Let's put this video under the microscope, see what else we can find. 
 He looks tall... 6'3 ", 6'4"? 
 Skin says he's Caucasian. 
 Way he handles that AR points to military or police training. 
 Hey, check this out. Look at his glove. 
 That's just hanging latex. He's missing his pinkie finger. 
 Yeah, yeah, that's good. Keep working. 
 So surveillance, masks, assault rifles... this is a well planned operation. 
 Yeah, but why? Why abduct 26 kids? 
 And we're monitoring the parents' phones and emails, but there's no claim of responsibility, no ransom demand. A demand may still come in. 
 What if it's not money he's after? 
 You should've seen those parents. 
 It was despair. 
 I can't imagine. 
 Jubal? Yep. 
 A camera along the bus route caught the green sedan. 
 A Chevy Cobalt... it followed the bus the day before too. 
 Somebody put out a BOLO. Can we see the driver? 
 No, but I see the plate. 
 It's registered to Carl Stubbs... priors for assault, burglary, and possession. 
 Find him. Carl Stubbs! 
 Second team south side. Let's go. 
 Lay back. Stealth the door. 
 Okay, go around. 
 Carl Stubbs, show me your hands. 
 What? What's going on? 
 Hold it right there! Federal agents! 
 Hands, hands! 
 Stop! Turn around. 
 Put your hands behind your back. 
 He's got all ten fingers. 
 Got all my toes too. What the hell's this about? 
 Where are the children, Carl? 
 What children? The 26 kids on that school bus. 
 I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 Well, your Chevy was seen following that exact school bus two days ago. 
 My Chevy... they took it last week. 
 They? Who's they? 
 The bank and the repo man. I fell behind on my payments. 
 I've been bouncing checks all over town. 
 Tell me where you were at 7:41. 
 Right here, man. I clocked in at 6:58. 
 And where was your car parked when it was taken? 
 In front of my place. 
 Any cameras on your street? 
 No, but whoever made off with it didn't get very far. 
 Why's that? Tank was on E. 
 I was running on fumes... story of my life. 
 Not a lot of gas stations in that neighborhood. 
 Is this the footage from last week? 
 Uh-huh. 
 That's the stolen car. 
 That must be our guy. Pause right here. 
 His hand's on the pump. 
 I need a fingerprint team down here immediately. 
 All right, so the prints on the gas pump were a match to this man, Sam Givens, and he is the gunman from our bus. 
 Same height, spent time in the army, and he is missing that pinky finger. 
 Now, Givens just got out of prison after serving ten years on a series of violent robberies, and the arresting agent was none other than our own Jess LaCroix from the Fugitive Task Force. 
 Agent LaCroix has agreed to work with us on this case. 
 He caught Givens once. We're hoping he can do it again. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, Jess LaCroix. 
 One of the best in the business. 
 It's good to see you again, Jubal. 
 You too. Thanks for coming. 
 I know you guys are busy. 
 26 kids are missing. These are the ones we do for free. 
 Got that right. 
 You ready to get to work? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Don't hurt the kids. Shut up. 
 Cell phones off! Turn the cell phones off! 
 Cell phones... 
 That is a hell of a thing. 
 Sure is. Last known on Givens? 
 We hit his apartment an hour ago, he wasn't there. 
 We searched the place. Didn't find anything too interesting. 
 Phone? 
 Shut off a week ago. 
 Credit cards, ATM? 
 Last withdrawal was two days ago in the Bronx. 
 We're chasing that down as we speak. Hey. 
 Has Givens ever abducted anyone before? 
 Not that I'm aware of. 
 His specialty was home invasion robbery, but he's been in the slammer for ten years. 
 I'm sure he picked up some new tricks. 
 Hmm. 
 A bus full of children. 
 What does he want? Is he just reckless? What's his ultimate objective? 
 Money. So he'll ask for ransom. 
 Unless he can make more by trafficking the kids. 
 Like I said, he's motivated by money. 
 And I hope you don't mind, I invited my colleagues to join us. 
 This is Barnes, Crosby, Hana. 
 Come on in. Make yourselves at home. 
 Hello, hello. 
 Hey. OA Zidan. 
 Hey, I'm Hana. Nice to meet you. 
 Hey, Jubal. Hey, Crosby. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Barnes. I remember you. 
 From Quantico, right? That's right, yeah. 
 Good to see you again. You slept with my roommate, Nicole. 
 I neither confirm nor deny that statement. 
 Well, welcome. All right, so we've already identified the first gunman, Sam Givens. 
 It's time to ID the second. 
 It's possible it's someone he did home invasions with. 
 I'll start running names and addresses of Givens' cronies. 
 Maybe he was feeling nostalgic after all that time in prison, decided to get the band back together. 
 Now what about this bus? 
 Did it head southeast, west? 
 We've been scrubbing as much surveillance video as possible, but so far no luck. Yeah, could be anywhere. 
 Givens' girlfriend? 
 What-what girlfriend? 
 I don't know who she is or where she lives, but I know that he's got one. 
 You-you do? How? 
 Givens was an orphan. 
 He's constantly seeking strong women to take care of him. 
 Oh, right, be... okay. 
 It's true. All right. 
 We need hard evidence here, guys. 
 The clock is ticking, we don't have time to play shrink. 
 We don't have any hard evidence. 
 All we have is to play shrink. 
 Okay. 
 These two used to date or what? 
 They used to work together back in the day. 
 Guessing it wasn't a very pleasant experience. 
 Your boss follows facts, mine follows hunches. 
 Tomato, to-mah-to. 
 As long as they get it done, right? 
 I may have something. Yeah? 
 A report from Given's probation officer. 
 He did an unannounced home visit, and in it stated that Givens was there with a woman. 
 This woman have a name? 
 Terri Prader. Uh-huh. 
 That's her. 
 That's Givens' girlfriend. Based on? 
 Based on the fact that it looks like his birth mother. 
 He used to carry her picture around in his wallet. 
 Emily and-and Crosby, right? 
 You guys wanna go deep on Terri Prader? 
 Financials, phone recs, the works. 
 On it. 
 Hey, Ken Crosby. Emily Ryder. 
 I'll head to her apartment. See what she knows. 
 If she's dating Givens, she knows the drill. 
 There's no way she's gonna cooperate with the FBI. 
 Go with him. 
 And don't be afraid to improvise. 
 You got this, right? 
 It's really not that complicated. 
 I mean, I heard you're a good agent. 
 That doesn't make you a good actor. 
 Ms. Prader, how are you? I'm George Ahmed. 
 This is my colleague Marla Reynolds. 
 His boss, actually. 
 We're attorneys from Whitman-Frost. 
 We're looking for a Sam Givens. 
 Hasn't been around lately. 
 Terri... may we come in? 
 No. 
 Sam in trouble? 
 Quite the opposite, actually. We have fantastic news for him. 
 What news? 
 It's confidential, but you have our number, so please ensure that Sam calls us. 
 It's urgent. 
 Hey. 
 Sam's not gonna call some lawyer without knowing why. 
 Should we just tell her? 
 I mean, it'll probably expedite the process. 
 As you know, Mr. Givens doesn't have that many close relatives. 
 Yeah, like, none. 
 Except for a great uncle in Muncie, Indiana who just passed away and left his entire estate to his next of kin, which happens to be Mr. Givens. 
 Which is why it's vital we reach him. 
 Sam has an inheritance. How much? 
 It's not a fortune, but it's real money... about $47,000. 
 The second you left, Prader called a landline in the Bronx. 
 It rang ten times, but nobody picked up. 
 Location of this landline? 
 It's a one bedroom place that belongs to Terri's mom. 
 The mom got Alzheimer's and moved into a home, so now it's vacant. 
 How far is this place from the ATM Givens used? 
 It's right around the corner. 
 Though he couldn't exactly stash a bus and 26 kids into a one bedroom. 
 Okay, send us the location. We'll check it out. 
 Something's going on. 
 Oh, hey, this is Ron Drexler, the governor's chief of staff, Isobel Castille. Hi. 
 All right, we just got a video. 
 It was emailed to the governor's office ten minute ago. Let's take a look. 
 Governor, I want $1 million, or no one will ever see this little guy or the other kids ever again. 
 Have the money ready in one hour. 
 Delivery instructions to follow. 
 Well, Givens is smart. 
 He bypassed the parents for deeper pockets. 
 You should know that it is FBI policy not to pay ransom. 
 But the demand came to us. The state will pay. 
 The governor won't take chances with the lives of these kids. 
 The bank is pulling the cash as we speak. 
 I have to sign for it. 
 I will send an FBI team with you. 
 All right, y'all, so even if this son of a bitch gets his $1 million, he may have no intention of releasing these kids, so we need to find him and them before this money transfer. 
 So let's dig into this video. How was it sent? 
 What kind of camera? Where was it shot? 
 Because that's where these kids are. 
 We need answers, and we have very little time to get them. 
 So how'd I do? 
 You're not ready for Tinseltown, but you did okay. 
 Hold. 
 That's him. 
 Sam Givens, FBI, don't move. 
 I'll cut him off around back! 
 Givens is heading south in a dark gray Chevy. 
 He's been shot. 
 Hobbes, put out a BOLO on a dark gray Chevy sedan. 
 Givens is wounded, so alert local hospitals and urgent cares. 
 Look into morticians and veterinarians too. 
 Guys like this know how to get medical aid off the grid. 
 Elise, he was in that apartment, so the kids may be nearby. 
 Have teams search the building and surrounding areas. 
 Go, go, go. 
 Well, he definitely planned the kidnapping here. 
 Street map of the bus route's highlighted. 
 No sign the kids were here or where they are now. 
 Burner phone. 
 The IMEI label's still on the box. 
 Amazing, call it in. 
 Jubal, got Given's phone number. 
 It's active. All right. 
 He's in a vehicle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 See if street cam video can get us a look at him. 
 Get OA on the phone. 
 All right, OA's live. 
 OA, we got a location on Givens. 
 Where is he? 
 He's five blocks north of you, one block west, headed south. 
 That's the spirit, OA. We got eyes on Givens yet? 
 Not yet, street cam coverage is spotty. 
 OA, take the next left. 
 He should be just ahead of you. 
 Are you sure? I don't see him. 
 No gray Chevy sedan. 
 OA, he's coming right at you. 
 He switched vehicles. He's driving the truck. 
 Hold on. 
 FBI, out of the truck! Hands where I can see them! 
 Hands on the bumper! 
 Where's Givens? 
 Have you seen this man? 
 No, sir. 
 Anyone else in the truck? 
 Stay here, don't move. 
 Cab's clear. So's the undercarriage. 
 It's a trash truck. Maybe he dumped the phone. 
 I got a body. It's Givens. 
 How did Givens wind up dead in a dump truck? 
 We're not clear on that, but it looks like he bled to death. 
 Question is... where does that leave the 26 kids? 
 Well, they're not with any of Givens' former running mates. 
 We tracked 'em all down. Two are dead. 
 Three are in prison. The rest have solid alibis. 
 All right, so ERT found a dumpster on the trash pickup route with lots of blood. 
 Guessing Givens was hiding inside. 
 Okay, so his car should be close by. 
 Yeah, I got teams looking for it. 
 Yeah, but we're still nowhere. 
 No bus, no kids. Run that ransom video again. 
 Unfortunately, the metadata was stripped, and the video was routed through a proxy server in Cyprus. 
 Tried to figure where it was shot, but there's no natural light. 
 The floor is framed out, so it's hard to tell. 
 Could be a bedroom, basement. 
 The background is a twin-size sheet, but there's no distinctive features or labels, so, I hate to say it, but it could be anywhere. 
 Sorry, just being honest. 
 All right, so we're out of facts. 
 I guess now would be a good time for you to do that thing I hate. 
 If you're up for it. 
 Our masked man has a commanding, domineering presence... speech, cadence, word choice... which means it's not Sam Givens. 
 He isn't that educated or confident. 
 Right, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Well, you drove me nuts, but I never said you weren't good. 
 All right, so maybe this guy is the quarterback, and Givens was just part of the team. 
 New boss, new motive, new plan? 
 Wait a minute. Look at Owen's hand. 
 Or the other kids ever again. 
 Ever again. 
 Have the money ready in one hour. 
 Notice Owen's hand. 
 Do you know what he's doing with his fingers? 
 Looks like sign language. Is that possible? 
 His cousin, Piper, she's hearing impaired. 
 She taught Owen some sign language. 
 Sign language? 
 This is the best clue that you have right now? 
 Sir, we're doing everything we can, tracking down every possible clue. 
 All we ask is for your cooperation. 
 Well, all we ask is for better, faster, smarter... 
 Roger, please. 
 We believe Owen is signing the letter P then the letter T. 
 PT, does that mean anything to either of you? 
 Mr. Jamison? 
 PT? No. 
 I want $1 million or no one will ever see this little guy... 
 What the hell is this? 
 You recognize that man? His voice? 
 No, why would I? 
 Sam knows him, and he helped him kidnap those kids. 
 Okay, is this another game? 
 At first you're a lawyer, and now all this BS? 
 Sam would never do what you're saying, okay? 
 He's a decent man. 
 Yeah, he had a hard upbringing, but he's gonna turn his whole life around. 
 You'll see. 
 Unfortunately, we won't see... because Sam's dead. 
 Do you have any idea who he's been talking to lately? 
 Who he's been spending time with? 
 No. 
 No, I swear. 
 Sometimes he just disappears... physically, emotionally. 
 Okay. 
 Does he watch TV? Does he read? 
 What does that have to do... What are his interests? 
 I don't know. 
 Last few months, he's been talking a lot about politics. 
 Spending all that time in prison, being around all those skinheads... 
 I think it got to him. 
 Did he ever mention anyone in particular? 
 An ex-cellmate, coworker, drinking buddy. 
 Not that I can think of. 
 But I did overhear him on the phone with someone the last few times I saw him. 
 Did you happen to catch that person's name? 
 Sam just called them T. 
 All right, so we're looking for somebody in Givens' life with the first or last name with the letter T. 
 Check out the guys he did time with, his coworkers, anybody he had a relationship with, and anyone connected to any fringe, white nationalist organization. 
 Hey, what's the latest ERT? 
 We find any evidence in that Bronx one bedroom? 
 No the only prints they found are from Terri and Givens. 
 What about the grey sedan? We get eyes on that yet? 
 Still no signs on that vehicle. 
 Hey, any updates with the ransom demand? 
 Delivery instructions? 
 No, they've gone silent. 
 NYPD just spotted the gray sedan. 
 Yeah? All right. 
 Smashed front end. That's definitely the car. 
 Trunk's empty. 
 We're ten blocks from the dumpster Givens was in. 
 He was losing blood. How'd he make it all the way there? 
 Why isn't there a blood trail? 
 We got a lot of blood... only on the passenger side. 
 So someone else was driving. 
 We got blood smears. 
 It's like Givens got dragged out of the car. 
 Givens wasn't hiding in the dumpster. 
 He was dead or dying, so the driver put him in the dumpster. 
 We ID the driver, it might lead us to the kids. 
 All right, I'll get ERT out here, have 'em sweep for prints and DNA. 
 All right, eyes up, people. 
 All right. 
 Did not see that coming. 
 Can you go back to when she saw the camera. 
 Yeah. 
 Yep. 
 Should be a clear enough shot to run through facial rec. 
 Yeah, start with our white nationalist database. 
 We got a match. 
 Emma Kane. She have a record? 
 No, but her husband does. 
 He's the leader of a violent, fringe, white nationalist group. 
 His name is Tyler Kane. 
 Otherwise known as T. 
 He's the guy that has those kids. 
 What happened to the American dream? 
 To the jobs? 
 To the hopes that we had for the future? 
 They were taken from us by those from the inner city, by outsiders, by immigrants... parasites all latching on to what's ours. 
 We need to reclaim this country for real Americans. 
 That requires a violent, watershed moment from which a white nation will rise again. 
 It won't be easy... 
 Okay, you get the idea. So we ran the voice. 
 It's a match to the ransom video. 
 And where is Tyler Kane now? 
 He's in the wind, but we're working on it. 
 Tyler Kane has organized marches, incited violence, and encouraged attacks against synagogues and mosques. 
 And why hasn't he been arrested? 
 Apparently, those aren't serious enough crimes. 
 At this point, Kane and his followers have gone underground. 
 The domestic terror squad thinks he's planning something big. 
 $1 million can buy a major terror attack with plenty left over to fund the movement. 
 Guys, another video just dropped. 
 I know the FBI is part of this, so I want an FBI agent to personally bring 
 $1 million in $100 bills to dead center of the alley between Brixton and Reeves. 
 Come alone, no trackers, no tricks, no SWAT, or the kids die. 
 You've got 30 minutes to bring the money not a second more. 
 ETA, based on traffic, is 6:35 p.m. 
 Drop is 28 minutes out. 
 He planned it that way so we don't have time to prepare. 
 And delivering that ransom is still our best hope of finding those kids. 
 Send every available unit to lock down the perimeter. 
 Stay back from the drop site. 
 Kane may have his own counter-surveillance. 
 Yep, on it. 
 I can have state police send an airship. 
 Do it, but coordinate with our air support team. 
 I'll deliver the ransom. I'll go with you. 
 Hear you're army. 
 Yeah, 75th Rangers, 2nd Battalion. 
 "Rangers lead the way." 
 Hm, 12th Infantry Regiment... "ducti amore patriae." 
 Not as catchy. 
 Here's one thing I don't get. 
 Why would Kane want this in cash? 
 He's gotta know we're gonna be all over the scene, trackers in the bag. 
 Yeah, wire transfer or cryptocurrency would have been the smarter play. 
 I mean, if I were him and lacked all human emotion and compassion, I would just take the money, kill the kids, and blame it on brown people. Mm, I get that, man. 
 This crap must make you get a little crazy. 
 He talks about real Americans... white, blonde hair, blue eyes and... 
 No offense. 
 They are real Americans, but you know who else are real Americans? 
 People like my aunt Yara who came over here from Egypt worked as a dishwasher, a maid, a manicurist, all to put my cousin through med school. 
 That's America. 
 We're coming up to the drop point. 
 All right, you head for the alley. I'll shadow you. 
 I think it's better that I do this alone. 
 Then keep your mic hot. 
 Things go sideways, I got your six. 
 How far away are backup units? 
 Seven minutes. 
 Tell 'em to make it two. 
 Hello? 
 What is this? You're not FBI. 
 Muslims running the bureau. That's what it's come to. 
 Look, man, I have your money. Where are the kids? 
 Show me. 
 Leave the bag, get back in your vehicle, and drive away. 
 I need to know where the kids are. 
 I'll send their location. That's not gonna work for us. 
 I will hurt this little girl, or you can leave the money and go... your call. Okay, okay. 
 No one needs to hurt anybody. I'm gonna leave it, all right? 
 Is that a helicopter? 
 I don't know. Maybe it's news or traffic. 
 Show me. 
 Look, man, forget about the helicopter. 
 I have your money. Let's make this... 
 I will slit her throat. Now show it to me! 
 You lied. That's a police chopper. 
 I don't know. We didn't call for it. Do you understand? 
 The deal's off. 
 What happened out there? 
 The plan was for the state police helicopter to maintain surveillance from 1,500 feet. 
 The pilot had to descend because of crowded airspace. 
 Well, Kane got spooked. It killed the deal along with our best hope of finding those kids. 
 I'm not sure he ever intended on making the deal in the first place. 
 He's not stupid. 
 There's no way he could have made it out of there with that money. 
 Helicopter was just an excuse. It was all theater. 
 To what end? 
 I don't know. 
 Look at all the resources we spent on the drop. 
 Maybe it was a diversion. 
 Ma'am, Jess and Jubal are asking for you. 
 So we know Kane's been in hiding for 18 months, but to pull off something like this, he'll need a base of operations. 
 Okay. 
 We were combing through Kane's merry band of white supremacists. 
 One of them has family who owns an amusement park in Westchester County. It's closed for the season. 
 I pulled this image off a NOAA satellite. 
 It was taken three hours ago. 
 The park is secluded, fenced off... plenty of room to stash kids. 
 It's also only ten miles away from where the bus was jacked. 
 But there is no school bus, no other vehicles, no sign of activity. 
 Anything that says Kane and the kids could be there? 
 No, it's just speculation at this point. 
 I get it, but if I'm gonna commit assets, I need real facts. 
 I got it. 
 The name of the park is Play Town. 
 Owen signed the letters PT... Play Town. 
 Go. 
 Team up high. 
 Maintain your distance. 
 Forward to the doors. 
 All right, let's keep a good thought, folks. 
 Team hold. 
 Team branch right. 
 Green, green, green. 
 Run the walls, let's go. 
 Go in. 
 Eyes up. 
 Branch out, branch out. 
 It's empty. 
 Advance. Now what some people would call a provincial attitude, what we're talking about here is really a birthright. 
 It's says people that have lived here for century upon century, who are responsible for building this great nation as it is today, the question is, how do you assail people that believe that they are the God-given heirs to this wonderful country, that have earned the right... 
 Can I interject... FBI! 
 FBI! Get down on the ground! 
 Get on the ground now! 
 Tyler Kane, show us your hands! 
 Drop your weapon! 
 Go. 
 Stay where you are! 
 Officer down! Officer down! 
 What did you do with the kids? 
 It's too late. You can't stop it. 
 What do you mean it's too late? 
 Where are the kids? 
 You'll see. I need a medic in here now. 
 Let's find the kids. 
 That's their stuff but no kids. 
 Bolt cutters. Got it. 
 Hey, hi. We're with the FBI. 
 Are you okay? 
 Hey, guys, we're gonna get you out of here. 
 Can you come with us? Come on, kids, up you get. 
 Let's go. 
 Let's get going. 
 Come on, okay. Here we go. 
 Well done, everyone. Yeah, nice work. 
 Hey, it's me. 
 So, yeah, good news on the case, but, you know, bad news for the kids. 
 They have school tomorrow. 
 Any word on Tyler Kane? 
 He's in surgery, but they think he's gonna make it. 
 All the ways this could've ended, I'm just glad the kids are okay. 
 Yeah, we got lucky, but Tyler's wife Emma's still in the wind with another member of their crew, so we didn't get 'em all. We never get 'em all. 
 Hey, we got a problem. 
 One of the kids is still missing... Owen Jamison. 
 Missing? What do you mean missing? 
 According to the other kids, Emma Kane and another man took Owen away an hour ago. 
 We rescued 25 out of the 26 kids. 
 Owen wasn't one of them. 
 He's here, isn't he? 
 Yes, yes he is. 
 Safe and sound. 
 So if there's nothing else... 
 Kane found out Owen had a rich father and cut a side deal, didn't he? 
 He contacted me through my brother. 
 I didn't break any laws here. 
 You gave him $1 million. 
 I did what I had to. 
 No, you should have told us because of the 25 other children that were in harm's way. 
 I was scared... 
 Terrified, so I did what I thought was best for my son. 
 I would do it again. 
 Glad you got your kid back. 
 Emma's got the money. 
 Whatever she and Kane are planning, she's going through with. This isn't over. 
 Dad... Dad, can you hear me? 
 Yeah, Tali, what's going on? 
 I don't know. 
 I'm at the food bank where we volunteer, and it's being raided! 
 Raided? Raided by who? 
 I don't know... hey! Give me my phone back! 
 Tali? 
 [screaming, chatter Tali! 
 Jess, let's go. 
 The ICE agents came in right before we closed. 
 They herded everybody together and asked for IDs. 
 They have a warrant? If they did, I didn't see it. 
 They separated our ten Latina women and girls and Tali. 
 Well, this is nuts. Didn't anybody tell them who she was? 
 Hell yeah, I was screaming she was from the middle school. 
 The other kids told him too. 
 Tali even tried telling him her dad was FBI. 
 The head agent said she didn't look American, and that she was going in with the other illegals. 
 Funny, she's probably the only real American in the place. 
 I'm sorry. I did everything I could. 
 I know you did, Daniel. I appreciate it. 
 Mr. LaCroix? 
 Tali gave it to me before they took her away. 
 They wouldn't let her keep it. 
 I really hope she's okay. 
 Thanks, Chloe. 
 Let's start making calls. 
 I want the agent in charge of this raid. 
 I'm going with you. 
 It's not a good idea. 
 Mary Lou will need you with her, Nelson. 
 This is just some stupid mistake. 
 I'll find Tali. 
 She's a tough little girl. She's gonna be okay. 
 I can't tell you how sorry I am, Agent LaCroix. 
 There was no excuse for this. 
 It was a field decision... I don't care what happened. 
 I just want her back. Today. 
 Where is she? 
 I haven't gotten the field report yet. 
 You said her name's Tali? 
 Let me write it down for you. 
 Natalia Skye LaCroix. 
 She's 11-years-old, her mother died in Afghanistan, and your people are doing this to her. 
 I understand, but we're all on the same team here. 
 This raid was on the books when I took over this position a week ago. 
 I'm still straightening things out. 
 Looks like you got your work cut out for you. 
 I'm her uncle. 300th generation American, in case you're wondering. 
 We'll find your girl. 
 You have my card. 
 You should email me a photo of her. 
 I will. 
 And I'll be calling you every ten minutes. 
 I expect you to take my calls, Mr. Stevens. 
 Copy that. 
 I'll have good news for you soon, and again, I'm sorry. 
 This is so kind of you. 
 Our new mothers will be so grateful. 
 I just wanna make sure they get whatever they need. 
 Because of people like you, the church can give these young women the support that's so important. 
 Okay? 
 Buenas noches, señoras Oh, I'm sorry. You can set that down. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 I... I have something else for you. 
 You all are... you're taking over my country. 
 Emma Cain is picking up where her husband, Tyler Cain, left off. 
 An hour ago, she walked into Iglesia De Santa Maria in Saugerties and killed 12 women. 
 Wounded 13 others. Some were pregnant, some were undocumented, all were Latinx. 
 She told her victims, and I quote, "Y'all are taking over my country." 
 We ought to smack her with Woody Guthrie's guitar. 
 CID just jumped her to the top of Most Wanted. 
 Accomplices? 
 Church secretary said she came alone along with a donation of baby supplies. 
 There were no cameras outside, so we crapped out on any video of her vehicle. 
 This just dropped on YouTube. 
 Today, the first blow was struck in the name of white America. 
 The time for games is over. 
 Last night, my beautiful white husband, Tyler Cain, was assassinated by Muslim agent of the mongrel government of the colored states. 
 Wake up, white people! 
 Wake and rise. 
 We are superior. This is just a fact. 
 Seize our destiny. 
 Clear out the mud, and take out the land that God has granted the white race. 
 She thinks her husband's dead. 
 As soon as Cain's out of surgery, we need to release a proof of life video before she makes a martyr out of him. 
 Why even bother? 
 He'll say it's a deep fake and ignore it. 
 Can't use facts to fight fanatics. 
 Fanatics with a million dollars. 
 You're right. 
 She might've done this out of anger, but this is a sideshow. 
 A tragic one, but a sideshow nonetheless. 
 The main attraction is what her group hopes to buy with a million bucks. 
 We could be looking at a mass casualty event. 
 All right, get out to the Cain residents. 
 We know our jobs, so let's do them. 
 Listen, Jess, we heard about your daughter. 
 Yeah, it's a screwup. Some overzealous ICE agent. 
 If it were one of my kids... 
 Believe me, I'm gonna kick somebody's butt from here to Sunday. Yeah. 
 Whatever you need to do to find her, you go. 
 We'll cover. I appreciate that. 
 So Tyler likes model trains, and Emma likes quilting. 
 It's what kills me about terrorists. 
 Domestic, Islamic, whatever, all of their hobbies are super boring. 
 Well, they get enough thrills from their side job. 
 These two got around. 
 Tiki torch parade in Charlottesville. 
 We got the white nationalist rally in Oregon, The Unite the Right March in DC. 
 Any word on Tali? 
 They said they'd call me tonight, tell me where to pick her up. 
 We'll see. Anything here? 
 Just your run-of-the-mill racist swag. 
 Whatever prepping they did, they kept the place pretty sterile. 
 Jess, I'm sorry about what's going on with your daughter. 
 ICE lost my Aunt Yara for three days when she immigrated here. 
 Had her logged in as a man, but it all worked out. 
 She takes her citizenship oath on Monday. 
 Good on Yara. 
 Interesting selection from the very white book club. 
 "Fascinating Womanhood." 
 It's anti-feminist screed from the '70s. 
 Check this out. 
 "Women should stay home, have babies, cook and clean for their men." 
 Nowadays of course, they call themselves tradwives and aspire to making white pristine babies. 
 "Home is not a place, it's a calling." 
 And Emma's living her dream. 
 Emma's got children on her mind. 
 Red clover. 
 Chasteberry. 
 When we were trying to get pregnant, Charlotte made tea with this stuff. 
 Said it boosted her fertility. 
 We talked to Roger Jameson about the ransom he paid on his kid. 
 The only person he dealt with was a woman on the phone. 
 He identified Emma Cain's voice off her YouTube video. 
 Actually he said it was probably her. 
 Don't oversell the ID. It's not a stock. 
 Don't wanna undersell it either. 
 So the drop was at Hasbrouck Park in New Paltz. 
 Left a million bucks in a bag under a bench, took a spin around the park, and when he came back, presto, son was sitting there on the bench waiting for him. 
 We're doing a 360 pull on all video in the area. 
 It's the hospital. 
 Tyler Cain is out of surgery. 
 Supervisor Stevens, please. It's Jess LaCroix. 
 Right. 
 Yeah, tell him I'm still waiting for his call. 
 They told me Emma killed 12 mamacitas. 
 Booyah. 
 I know you. You're that Arab who shot me. 
 I bet you're sorry that you didn't kill me. 
 No, it's fine. 
 I'll make up for it when I put your wife down. 
 Unless I get to her first. 
 Of course, with your help, maybe we can get her to turn herself in before she hurts anyone else. 
 Assuming you actually care about her. 
 You're playing me. 
 These mud people think they can play me. 
 Nobody's playing you. We'll kill her if we have to. 
 She probably already flew the coup. 
 Probably on the beach in a bikini somewhere in the southern hemisphere with your ransom money. 
 
 
 
 Mmm, laughing at the poor cuck doing life. 
 That's what you think the money's for? 
 You're gonna be surprised. 
 So why don't you tell us what it's for? 
 She'd be quite a catch, your Emma. 
 She might even meet a guy who could give her those babies she always wanted. 
 The ones you couldn't give her. 
 Are you gonna let her get away with that? 
 You think I give a rat's ass about that!? 
 We're stopping the white genocide! 
 Your mongrel schools, your mixed churches... nothing's safe anymore. 
 All of this vermin invading our white Christian country, wanting to replace us? 
 Their day of reckoning is coming. 
 The race war is on, and my Emma... 
 She just blew freakin' Reveille! 
 Schools and churches. That really narrows down the targets. 
 Don't know about you, but I can let the n-word roll off, but there's something about "mud people" that just sticks in my craw. 
 LaCroix. 
 Where? Thank you. 
 They found her. 
 The detention facility in Long Island was filled up, so the detainees from the food bank raid were transported here. 
 She's in dorm C. This way. 
 Dorms? Last dorms I was in had beds. 
 This gentleman is here for his daughter. 
 Tali. Tali! 
 Tali, it's your dad! 
 That's not my daughter. 
 That's her. That's her picture. 
 Have you seen her? I haven't seen her. 
 Estoy buscando. 
 Estoy buscando a mi hija. 
 Sir. She's not here. 
 What do you mean, she's not here? 
 Por favor. Por favor. 
 The little American girl? Yes. 
 When we came to this place, they put her in a van. 
 An immigration van. 
 They took her away. 
 They what? 
 They took her away. 
 Hey! You come on... 
 Where's my daughter, you lying son of a bitch? 
 I got him. 
 I don't know what happened to your girl. 
 I never seen her! Come on. 
 This place is a hellhole. 
 You should be ashamed of yourself! 
 Jess, come on! 
 I don't know what happened, Mr. LaCroix. 
 My information said she was at the facility. 
 That's what the field report said. 
 Admit it. You lost my daughter. 
 You have no idea where she is. 
 That's not exactly true. The agency knows where she is. 
 I have no doubt she's on our books. 
 That's not very comforting. You need to get on the stick, or I'm gonna open up a kidnapping case. 
 You have one hour. 
 He's in over his head. We gotta try something else. 
 I think I have a hook that can help. 
 Lemme see what I can shake loose. 
 Here's a video from the money drop. 
 Emma leaving the park with the ransom. 
 Registered to a Bob Carter in Stone Ridge, New York. 
 Let's move. 
 There's a secondary structure. 
 Grab the cutters. Clear! 
 Where's your truck, Mr. Carter? 
 My son Joey has it. 
 Went ice fishing with some friends at Saranac Lake. 
 Then what was your truck doing in New Paltz yesterday, huh? 
 I don't know. 
 Who's is this? Oh, that's Joey. 
 Are these his too? Yeah, yeah. 
 He loves working on the truck. He collects the antique plates. 
 It's a phone number with a Miami area code. 
 6:30. Could be some kind of meetup. 
 Who's handwriting is this? Joey. 
 What did he do anyway? 
 Your son was involved in a kidnapping by a white supremacist terrorist cell. 
 Wh... white supremacist? No, not my boy. 
 I mean, I was at Woodstock. I didn't raise no racist. 
 Is that right? 
 The numbers on these plates... 88, 14. 
 You know what those stand for? No. 
 Those are code. 
 88. 
 Eighth letter of the alphabet. H, H. 
 Heil Hitler. 
 14. 
 Code for the 14 word slogan. 
 "We must secure the existence of our people, and a future for white children." 
 Your son's racist, pops. 
 I got a call back from my connect at homeland security. 
 She's got intel on the foodbank raid. 
 Unhook him. 
 Your daughter's not in the detainee database. 
 That's not unusual for someone who's been in custody 24 hours. 
 System's garbage. 
 You get no argument from me. 
 Clint told me you've been dealing with the supervisor, Stevens. 
 The raid order was actually signed for two weeks ago by his predecessor Gerald Waldon. 
 Why'd they target a foodbank in the middle of nowhere? 
 The order referenced an ongoing county-wide investigation. 
 Here, it mentions affidavits by Suffolk County law enforcement. 
 But I couldn't find any other affidavits or supporting documents in the ERO database. 
 Can you go back to the list of files? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So when was the order dated? 
 January 27th. 27th... 
 And then right here it says it was created February 6th. 
 That's three days ago. I hadn't noticed that. 
 And then Waldon's signature is an automatic signature. 
 Anybody could've posted that. 
 He had access to Waldon's computer. 
 Which Stevens had. 
 Son of a bitch backdated the order to cover his tracks. 
 You want me to open up a case on Stevens now? 
 Look, hold off for now, but if you don't mind putting an alert in your system for my daughter, that'd be great. 
 The moment she pops up in the ICE database, I'll know. 
 Thank you. 
 Thanks, Zoey. 
 I wanna drive over to Stevens' office and rip his scrawny throat out, but it might come back on Tali. 
 Got to find out who we're dealing with first. 
 Then you can rip his throat out. 
 Hey. 
 The phone number found on the envelope we found at Joey Carter's place belongs to a Mark Vasco. 
 Two convictions for gun running, one of which includes selling a crate of stole AKs to an undercover ATF agent. 
 And now he's putting guns in the hands of white supremacists. 
 He'll sell to all-comers. 
 Maybe that's where Emma's spending her million bucks. 
 We find Vasco, we find Emma. 
 I want warrants on all his devices. 
 I need you to check something out for me. 
 What happens when you cross-search Tali's name with Island Garden Foodbank? 
 You think someone's targeting her? 
 Maybe. 
 She comes up in the foodbank newsletter, and her friend's Instagram. 
 I told her to be more careful about what she puts out there. 
 Her bad for being 11 and having friends. 
 I know. 
 This piece of crap, Austin Stevens, turn him inside out. 
 Gladly. 
 She's good to go. 
 If this is what you say it is, we'll find you. 
 I haven't had a disappointed customer yet. 
 Come on, Greg! 
 My nips are freezing. 
 Tell Mary Lou we're gonna find that little girl. 
 It's just a matter of time. 
 Thanks, Nelson. Appreciate it. 
 Won't let you down. 
 Hey, boss. You okay? 
 Yeah. What is it? 
 Vasco's phone pinged three hours ago at a private airfield in Milford, Connecticut. 
 That phone went dead five minute later right when a GPS in a car registered to a Greg Rankin left that airfield heading west. 
 Who's Greg Rankin? 
 He did a bid at the Coleman Correctionals for firearm violations... same time as Vasco. 
 Now, Rankin drove to Danberry. 
 Now, at 6:30... you know, that time on the envelope, he was at this location off of Eagle Road for 20 minutes. 
 I found six pairs of fresh footprints, and two sets of fresh tire tracks. 
 One consistent with a Ford Raptor, and the other consistent with a sedan. 
 Anybody check that dumpster? Not yet. 
 Nice quiet place for a gun deal. 
 This isn't good. 
 Got a remote control car. 
 The remote's missing. 
 They pulled the receiver out of the car. 
 You can use that to trigger a bomb. 
 Must've been what Vasco sold them. 
 Explosives. 
 Probably Semtex. 
 And the expertise to put it together. 
 You get a gnarly bang for a million bucks. 
 All right, so targets include anywhere Tyler or Cain visited in the last six months. They're thinking big. 
 Boston, New York, transportation hubs, airports, trains. Right. 
 Places where immigrants gather. 
 That seems to be Emma's sore spot. 
 Greg Rankin was just picked up at the Mohegan Sun casino. 
 He's lawyered up, he's not talking... looks like he was playing blackjack with $50,000 in chips. 
 Had another $50,000 in cash in his suitcase. 
 They discovered traces of Semtex on his clothes. 
 A pound of Semtex will set you back 1,800 bucks on the black market. 
 Assuming Emma kept some walking around money, they could've bought up to 400 pounds of it from Vasco. 
 We also checked the airfield in Milford. 
 Vasco was wheels up about an hour ago, so we'll have to pinch him when he lands in Miami. 
 I doubt Emma shared our target with him. 
 And if I were him... 
 I wouldn't wanna... 
 Jess? 
 "Your little mutt is in the system. 
 "She can be deported any time. 
 "If you want to see her again, you and your Mexican boss, "Isobel Castille, "are gonna call a press conference 
 "in the next six hours, and you, Agent LaCroix, "are gonna read our manifesto on the air. 
 "Do exactly what we say, "or your mutt's gonna end up in a slum in Guatemala getting jumped in by MS-13." 
 What's the manifesto? 
 It's a call to arms for white America. 
 The Cains are accelerationists. 
 They wanna speed up the forces of chaos and anarchy to cause a breakdown, and they wanna use us to legitimize and magnify the threat of insurgency. 
 Juice up the public, inspire other crackpots. 
 All right, send this to me. 
 It's my daughter they're holding hostage. 
 I can read their screed. It's just words. 
 We can refute at the moment we get Tali back. 
 Viviero's done this before. 
 I have to take it up with the director. 
 Emma Cain shot pregnant women at point blank range without batting an eye. Jess... 
 Before the director says no, you ask him if he'd have his kids change places with mine! 
 I understand that, but we have protocol. 
 Look, I... I know we don't give in to terrorists, but... 
 If we can't protect our own, what good are we? 
 My place is 15 minutes from here. 
 Yeah? Where's your car? 
 Home. I came her straight from work. 
 Are you a janitor? Is that problem? 
 No. I like my men tidy. 
 Especially like men in tidy whities. 
 Oh, hey. 
 Oh. Oh, 'scuse me. 
 Sorry. Let me get this for you. 
 Ooh, why thank you. 
 We're gonna have some good clean fun. 
 "The FBI called the White Identity Movement 
 "the number one threat to the American way of life. 
 "A way of life that includes open borders, "white genocide, "invasions by inferior races. 
 "But those days are over now. 
 "Your army... 
 Your army of crusaders"... 
 I can't do it. That's all. 
 The people who wrote this are cowards. 
 They're holding my daughter, my 11-year-old daughter, hostage. 
 An innocent girl. 
 Anybody who believes this crap, who encourages this... 
 They're not good people. 
 Cowards. 
 Zoey says they checked the detention facilities in New York, Connecticut, New Jersey. 
 Tali's not in any of them. They'll expand the search. 
 I spoke with the director, and I told him that no one is beating himself up over this more than you. 
 Bottom line is he's giving you a pass on your performance. 
 I'm not worried about me. 
 I'm worried about what they might do to Tali because of what I said. 
 There are 34,000 professionals working in the FBI to keep her and everybody else safe from those cowards. 
 That's a family you can count on. 
 Jess. 
 I can't imagine how you felt standing in front of those cameras. 
 If it was my Anais in danger... 
 You would've done it. You would've tried. 
 I couldn't stand it. 
 You know? 
 If she didn't come back it would break me. 
 Angelyne died to defend the right of these people to express their sick opinions. 
 It's just... They look so innocent until you realize what they represent. 
 Emma Cain's dreams of contributing to a whiter America. 
 She's so desperate to conceive, you know? 
 She's grasping at straws. 
 These expired over a year ago. 
 They gave up trying. 
 The one thing she was interested in wasn't happening. 
 She couldn't make white babies. 
 The tradwife wasn't fulfilling her purpose. 
 Maybe afraid of disappointing her husband, or even losing him. 
 Hey. 
 So Emma and Tyler have been road warriors over the past six months. 
 We have them in Boston, Buffalo, Pittsburg, Baltimore. 
 Literally all over the map scouting targets. 
 And we have tracked their phones to public monuments, train stations, bus terminals, Walmarts, Costcos. 
 We can eliminate places already covered by anti-terrorist units. 
 Focus on the soft targets. 
 Sounds right. 
 Jess. 
 You said what every agent I know thinks. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 And without the PC niceties. 
 You gotta see this. 
 It's a website Stevens spends an hour on every day. 
 Why 10-15? 
 It's a code for, "alien in custody." 
 It's a by invitation only site for ICE and border patrol agents. 
 "We're gonna stock the Rio Grande with gators. 
 Wetbacks for lunch," jokes about dead migrant children in the desert. 
 Then there's the memes. 
 _ 
 Toss that up to the Jock, would you? 
 All right, folks! 
 I'd like you to take a look at something. 
 This is a secret website for ICE and border agents, federal employees like us. Read those comments. 
 Look at those pictures. 
 You know, when citizens say they don't trust people who work for the government, it's because of bad apples like that. 
 People who post on this site bring shame on all of us. 
 I don't know about you, but it pisses me off, and I'm not gonna stand for it. 
 Now, we have a domestic terrorist cell with a bomb to find. I want everyone to bear down on this mission and show the public... you know, the people who pay our wages? 
 What duty and service are all about. 
 Let's dig in. 
 As soon as you get the names of the people on the site, send it up the food chain. 
 Start with the IG's office and Homeland Security, yeah? 
 Hey, Jubal? Yeah? 
 Our ICE supervisor, first name is Austin. 
 Austin, yeah. What's up? 
 I found this post in the photo section of that website. 
 Look at the caption. 
 "Me and training bro Austin on Lake Seminole." 
 He's throwing a white power hand sign. 
 Good catch. Where is Lake Seminole? 
 Georgia. 
 Who posted that? 
 It might be in the metadata. Hold on. 
 Michael Rees. 
 ICE officer. 
 Runs a detention facility in Ashburn, Georgia. 
 Slow down. 
 You're lucky I don't drag you out by your testicles, Mr. Rees. Now which one? 
 On the left. Dorm D. 
 Tali. Tali! 
 Tali! 
 Tali, it's your dad. Open it. 
 Tali. 
 I missed you so much, sweetheart. 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah, I'm just tired. 
 They didn't turn the lights off. 
 I love you. 
 I love you too. Let's get you home. 
 You had your grandparents really miss you. 
 Yeah, a ton. 
 You gave us a scare. 
 Wait. 
 What about my new friends? 
 Mis amigas nuevas. 
 Can't we do something? 
 Not today, sweetie. But we'll try, I promise. 
 Now you're gonna go to your grandma and grandpa because they missed you. Look, right here. 
 It's Crosby. 
 They got a BOLO hit on Joey Carter's truck up at Ulster County. They're on their way up there. 
 A bomb could still be in the truck. 
 Damn. 
 Drop your weapon! 
 Clear. 
 Dog tags say Joseph Carter, type O blood. 
 We got a body back here. 
 Bullet to the head. 
 Let's get his prints. See who we got here. 
 Copper wire. Cut with wire cutters. 
 These guys wired the bomb right here. 
 You know, with a remote trigger, we gotta assume it's fully operational. 
 Our dead guy's Jack Kendal, reported this morning along with his work van. 
 He's a janitor. 
 Report says that he has a route with 30 clients along with keys to each property. 
 Keys he doesn't have anymore. 
 Unless they're in his briefs. 
 One of those properties might be the target. 
 They took his van, his keys, his uniform... they might be using them to gain access. 
 Can we get a list of those properties from Kendal's company? 
 Get bomb squads out to each one. 
 30 properties to check out. 
 It'll be nice to whittle them down. 
 We know just the guy who can help. 
 I don't know anything about any bomb. 
 Agent LaCroix, tell them there's been some mistake. 
 I just got back from Georgia. 
 Mike Rees sends his regards. 
 I wouldn't have let anything bad happen to your girl. 
 Something bad already did happen to my little girl. 
 She was put in a cage for three days. 
 Herded around the country like cattle. 
 Didn't know if she'd ever see her family again. 
 Where's the target, Mr. Stevens? 
 I don't know. 
 Where's the target. I don't know. 
 They talked about a lot of places. 
 Sit down. 
 Where's the target? 
 I swear, I don't know. 
 Please... stop. 
 Tomorrow. 
 They said it was happening tomorrow. 
 Tomorrow when? I don't know. 
 Tomorrow morning! 
 Please. 
 Please. 
 Kendal's route has a handful of small businesses, doctor's offices, and residential buildings. 
 Nothing that fits the target profile. 
 We got local PD doing bomb sweeps on those properties just in case. 
 Now, we're also tracking the prior movements of these two suspects. That's Robbins and Ling. 
 They're identified from the fingerprints being on the truck. 
 They're using a remote trigger, not a timer, so that tells me they want control over the exact time of the explosion, so it has to be a specific event. 
 Eh. 
 We're missing something here. 
 They killed Kendal, took his uniform, his van... 
 Not for nothing. 
 What do we know about him? 
 Uh, he's single. Grew up in Ulster County. 
 Boss says he was well liked. 
 He's a steady worker. 
 He's not in politics, has no association to any white supremacist group. 
 Criminal record? 
 One case in Ellenville Village Court last August. 
 He was cited by the local parks department for taking five trout without a fishing license. 
 He was serving six months community service. 
 Where? 
 At the Ulster County Recreational Center in Kingston. 
 Kingston. Are you sure? 
 Henry Street? Yeah, that's the one. 
 You know this place? 
 Yes, my aunt Yara has her citizenship ceremony there. 
 There will be tons of immigrants, and it is happening this morning... it is happening now. 
 The ceremony starts in 20 minutes. 
 The remote trigger's effective within 200 yards. 
 Emma and her pals have eyes on the rec center, so if they see a sudden police presence or an evacuation, they will execute. 
 The rec center already has metal detectors in place. 
 Local police manning them have been instructed to slow things down, but they don't know why. Copy that. 
 Targeting the rec center can't be a coincidence. 
 Well, after you shot Tyler Kane, they must've done to you what they did to me. They hacked you. 
 Yeah. 
 These people take things personally. 
 I went after Givens, so they went after Tali. 
 No, my family isn't answering. 
 There must not be any service inside the rec center. 
 Showtime. Happy couple. 
 Ew. Sweaty. 
 If you aren't sweating this, there's something seriously wrong with you. 
 We start in the basement under the gym. 
 Restrooms, supply closets, any place a janitor would have access to. 
 Let's go. 
 First, welcome you all here alongside all of your families. 
 Excuse me, excuse me. 
 It's an honor to have you all here. 
 Yeah, they're all bunched up at the metal detectors it's gonna take another 15 minutes before they're all in. 
 You let me worry about the timing. 
 You just make sure nobody gets in the way. 
 Boss, we see Emma's sidekicks. 
 Northwest corner, near the playing field. 
 Robbins was just on the phone. 
 Probably checking in with Emma. 
 They look antsy. 
 Probably wondering why it's taking people so long to get in. 
 You stay on them. 
 I'll keep looking for the queen bee. 
 Welcome everyone. 
 If you could all please file in as quickly as possible. 
 You've all been very patient, and we greatly appreciate it. 
 Welcome and congratulations. 
 We're giving free souvenir photos before the ceremony down the hall to the racquetball court. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Dios mio. 
 We found it. 
 Locker room under the gym. 
 There's enough here to bring down the building. 
 Just got on the roof. 
 Sorry, hi, uh, welcome. 
 How about a free souvenir photo before the ceremony starts? 
 Great, just go down the hallway and to the racquetball court. 
 Starting to disarm it now. 
 I got her. 
 On the bleachers, southside of the center. 
 Green jacket. 
 Getting into position. 
 You gotta buy us some time here. 
 Copy that. 
 Auntie Yara! 
 Excuse me. 
 Omar! I'm so glad you came. 
 Oh, these are my friends. Hi. 
 And their cousins are here. Hi. 
 Um, this is my sister's son. 
 They're giving free photos down the hallway. 
 You should go take some. 
 Uh, after the ceremony. I think it's about to... 
 If everyone can take their seats. 
 Let's go take a photo, now. 
 We're all eager for the ceremony to commence, but we cannot do so... 
 Oh, my God. 
 Don't talk to me like that ever again, you jerk. 
 Get away from me. 
 I can talk to you any damn way I want, bitch. 
 Oh, whoa, hey, hey! Cool it, man. 
 Got something to say!? 
 Big tough guy? 
 Don't move! Give me that hand! 
 Anything? No. 
 We got the sidekicks. There's no trigger. 
 Clinton, you good? In position. 
 Get up. 
 Tyler did that. 
 When we spoke to him, he said those were the only kind of babies you could give him. 
 That you're pathetic. 
 That's not true. 
 He told us about all the herbs you took. 
 He said, "some kind of tradwife she turned out to be." 
 Couldn't make white babies for the cause? 
 No. 
 I'm a good wife. 
 He was gonna leave you, did you know that? 
 We have evidence. 
 No! 
 You're in my line of fire. Move right. 
 We found a bank account buried to him under his name. 
 Checks to a girl. 
 A pregnant girl. 
 Please file in as quickly. 
 No. 
 I am a good wife! 
 Just step outside, guys. Right this way. 
 I'll show him. 
 Suspect down. 
 Device disarmed. 
 Good work, bro. 
 Back at you, bro. 
 Please repeat after me. 
 I hereby declare on oath... 
 I hereby declare on oath... 
 That I will support and defend the constitution... 
 Hey, Dad? Yeah? 
 Thanks for bringing me. This is really cool. 
 Thank, Mr. Zidan, he's the one who invited us. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you for sharing this day with us. 
 And that I take this obligation freely. 
 And that I take this obligation freely. 
 So help me God. 
 So help me God. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 