Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x07 - Discord - FBI 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x07 - Discord https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1014&t=43174 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/04/21 08:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x07 - Discord 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [MELLOW PIANO MUSIC] 
 This place looks incredible, Logan. 
 Okay, don't hate me, but... 
 But I need to reschedule our trip this weekend. 
 I already took off work on Friday. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I just got invited   to speak at an immigrant rights rally on Saturday. 
 Next weekend, we have dinner at the Rubins. 
 We can't cancel that. 
 Well, I know we shouldn't, but what if we did? 
 Cancelling's all the rage these days. 
 Oh, love in the time of cancel culture? 
 I'm just saying that anything or anyone can be cancelled. 
 - [GLASS SHATTERS] 
 - [GASPS] 
 Stay there. 
 [OMINOUS MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪    It's a brick. 
 You okay? 
 - We can't live like this. 
 - Call    . 
 Wait, where are you going? 
 I'm just gonna talk to them. 
 ♪ ♪    Logan, don't! 
 [GRUNTS] 
 [GASPS, SCREAMS] 
 [SOBBING] 
 ♪ ♪    Yeah, tonight's a little gallery actually. 
 - Thanks a lot. 
 - Can I help you, sir? 
 Tiff, you want anything to eat? 
 - Sandwich, chips? 
 - No, the soda's fine, thanks. 
 [SOFT MUSIC PLAYING] 
 ♪ ♪    Tiffany Wallace? 
 Jemila. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 It's been a long time. 
 It's good to see your face. 
 I thought you moved away. 
 I did, but I'm back. 
 - You still a cop? 
 - FBI. 
 This is actually my partner Stuart. 
 - Hey. 
 - Stuart, this is Jemila. 
 We grew up together in Bed-Stuy. 
 We used to be friends... 
 till she put my brother away for ten years. 
 He was dealing to high school kids. 
 I was doing my job. 
 Hm, that's the problem right there. 
 You got the wrong job. 
 [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪    You good? 
 Yeah, comes with the territory. 
 [CELL PHONE RINGS] 
 We gotta go. 
 minutes ago, Congressman Logan Reed was shot and killed at his home in Scarsdale. 
 Now, as most of you know, Logan Reed was a rising star in the Democratic Party, a former prosecutor. 
 He rose to national prominence last summer during all of the racial unrest. 
 Love him or hate him, he was one of the most talked about politicians in the country. 
 The story just broke online, so the entire country's about to start asking if this was politically motivated. 
 We need answers and fast. 
 Let's get some, people. 
 Go to work. 
 Now, Reed's biggest campaign issues were racial justice and police reform. 
 He had a lot of impassioned enemies, which means these days a nonstop supply of death threats and hate mail, so let's scour through all of it. 
 Let's flag everything high risk, and ID any suspects within a striking distance of the city, yep? 
 Anything from the crime scene yet? 
 Maggie and OA just got there. 
 Scola and Tiffany are minutes away. 
 All right, regular updates on all fronts. 
 This story is going to move and fast. 
 We have to stay one step ahead of it. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 [SIGHS] 
 I'll have to arrange you at about    feet. 
 [POLICE RADIO CHATTER] 
 [PERSON SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY] 
 - What do we know so far? 
 - Not enough. 
 All these neighbors, not one eyewitness. 
 And no security cameras in the suburbs, so we're flying blind out here. 
 In a neighborhood like this, there's gotta be doorbell cameras in every house. 
 True, but the Reeds' is broken, and there's no hits on the neighbors' yet. 
 Scarsdale PD's still canvassing. 
 Reed was having dinner with his wife when someone threw a garden brick through the side window. 
 He was shot the second he opened the front door. 
 We're gonna go speak with his wife now. 
 We'll take a look at the window. 
 Meet back here in ten. 
 ♪ ♪     Yep, close it up. 
 Out of camera range, trees and bushes providing cover. 
 Yeah, the killer was smart. 
 Could have waited hours for the perfect moment. 
 Yeah, copy that. 
 Canvass just turned up a witness one block over. 
 Lady getting her mail saw a stranger come out of a backyard wearing a black hoodie. 
 - Where was that? 
 - Six houses that way. 
 - She give a description? 
 - Just the hoodie. 
 Got it, thanks. 
 So the shooter disguised his identity and avoided cameras by moving through backyards. 
 We got lots of death threats, but I never thought it would actually happen. 
 It was just background noise. 
 Any of those threats stick out? 
 Anything seem like an escalation? 
 It's okay. 
 I know this must be hard. 
 You can take your time. 
 It's not that. 
 It's just... 
 One thing does stand out, but I don't... 
 I don't want to give the wrong impression. 
 You can't say the wrong thing here. 
 There was a protest at our house last week that got loud and scary. 
 They broke our doorbell camera, and then someone threw a brick through the window just like tonight. 
 Did you see who threw the brick or get any pictures of the protestors? 
 No, Logan wouldn't let me outside. 
 It was just... 
 A little surprising. 
 Surprising how? 
 As you know, Logan... 
 was a champion for racial equality. 
 But this crowd was mostly Black. 
 I know. 
 I sound terrible even saying it. 
 Did you call the police? 
 I wanted to, but he said it would only inflame the situation. 
 ♪ ♪     All right, folks, here's the question... 
 How did a progressive ally like Logan Reed end up in the crosshairs of a minority protest group? 
 Well, the protest at Reed's house was organized by Damian Thomas, a community activist who lives in Reed's district, but he despises him. 
 Called him "the worst kind of racist, "a white liberal hypocrite "who co-opted the Civil Rights Movement - for his personal gain." - That's pretty harsh. 
 Next question is why did Thomas feel this way? 
 Well, before he ran for Congress, Reed was a prosecutor known for being tough on crime. 
 Right, so Thomas thought he was a hypocrite. 
 One minute, he's putting young Black men in prison, the next, he's out on the streets protesting with Black activists. 
 And he was preaching all his newfound wokeness from his big-ass pad in the suburbs. 
 And that. 
 But would Thomas Reed really kill over all this? 
 According to Thomas himself, yes. 
 Logan Reed is a hypocrite and a predator - who needs to disappear. 
 - Hey. 
 Punch into his waistband there. 
 You can't play both sides, Reed! 
 [PEOPLE CHANTING] 
 Reed must go! 
 Reed must go! 
 Reed must go! 
 Looks like a .  . 
 Same caliber used to kill Reed. 
 I want to locate this guy now. 
 Okay, he's got an apartment in Bushwick and a nonprofit office in Crown Heights. 
 Okay, coordinate with Maggie and OA. 
 I want a team in both locations. 
 - Actually, Jubal... 
 - Yeah? 
 Social media says Thomas is hosting a rally this morning outside City Hall Park. 
 He should be there for at least another half an hour. 
 - Okay, do that. 
 - Jubal. 
 Guys, quick thought. 
 Homeland Security have something? 
 Unofficially, yes. 
 We've got Thomas on a watchlist. 
 You want his email, text, and call history, it's yours provided your data source stays off of any reports. 
 What did he do to get himself on an unofficial watchlist? 
 He was arrested three times last summer during the police reform demonstrations. 
 - Violent offenses? 
 - Curfew violations. 
 Curfew violations? 
 So he stayed out past his bedtime and ended up on a damn watchlist, is that it? 
 Uh, this type of surveillance is standard procedure. 
 Yeah, that's part of the problem. 
 Yeah, look, if there's any question about the legality of the intel, we'll just build our case another way. 
 This investigation's just too important. 
 Yeah, agreed, let's not take any chances. 
 Let's bring him in, yeah? 
 ♪ ♪     You know... 
 It's one thing to wonder if the government is spying on minority groups they think are threatening. 
 It's another thing to know that they do. 
 And then to work with the people that do it, it makes me feel like a damn hypocrite, like I'm fighting the wrong fight. 
 Yeah. 
 Hard to thread the needle between where you work and who you really are... 
 Especially these days. 
 ♪ ♪     Yeah, that's why I stopped trying. 
 [PEOPLE CHANTING] 
 Police reform now! 
 - That's him. 
 - All right. 
 Let's get into place. 
 We'll grab him when he's done. 
 Black men in this city make up a quarter of the population and half of all arrests. 
 That's not okay! 
 Not if we're serious about equality. 
 That's why we're here today! 
 That's why we're marching on Saturday! 
 [PEOPLE CHANTING] 
 Police reform now! 
 I want to thank you all for coming out. 
 I'll see you on Saturday... 
 Bryant Park at noon! 
 [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
 Damian Thomas. 
 This is a peaceful gathering. 
 We have every right to be here. 
 FBI, we're gonna need you to come with us. 
 - Regarding what? 
 - The murder of Logan Reed. 
 That's ridiculous. 
 Turn around, put your hands behind your back. 
 Maybe slapping on the cuffs isn't the play right now. 
 Riding behind me, he's wearing cuffs. 
 Let's just get him to the car. 
 No, no, get your hands off me! 
 That's it. 
 Put your hands behind your back. 
 Laila, bring the camera! 
 Dad, what the hell is going on? 
 - You need to back up, ma'am. 
 - Why are you arresting him? 
 We're not. 
 We're just detaining him for questioning. 
 Why are you arresting my father? 
 Stand back now. 
 Why are you arresting my father? 
 - FBI, back up! 
 - You kidding me? 
 You won't even look me in the eye? 
 I'm looking right at you, and I'm telling you to back down. 
 I hope it feels good, Sister, selling out your people. 
 He didn't do nothing! 
 You don't know me. 
 - Y'all crazy! 
 - Bullies! 
 [PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY] 
 ♪ ♪     You think I killed Logan Reed? 
 You stood outside his house last week with a gun yelling that he needed to disappear, so yeah. 
 I admit I got carried away with that, but I didn't mean what I said. 
 I don't even own a gun. 
 All right, let's try this again. 
 Maybe this time don't treat us like idiots. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 Come on, man. 
 I took that gun off a kid at the rally. 
 He was a hothead. 
 I don't stand for violence. 
 Except for when you're making death threats. 
 Or someone throws a brick through the congressman's window. 
 The hothead did that. 
 It's a good thing I took away his gun. 
 You give it back to him? 
 I got rid of it at a gun buyback. 
 I got the receipt, if it helps. 
 Where were you at  :   p.m. last night? 
 I know y'all got a job to do, but this story gets old. 
 Rich white guy gets shot. 
 Cops go nuts, start rounding up innocent Black men. 
 - The FBI gets involved. 
 - Okay. 
 A United States congressman was murdered. 
 This country is at a tipping point. 
 And yet five miles away in his own district, the murders of young, Black men barely register, so forgive me if I'm not shedding any tears for this two-faced politician. 
 ♪ ♪     Where were you at  :   p.m.? 
 Making sure my people are fairly treated by the police. 
 I was speaking at a community action dinner. 
 That's what I do. 
 In fact, when you arrested me, I was on my way to visit the mother of a young, Black man who had been murdered for no damned reason. 
 This kid's minding his own business. 
 A brick gets thrown through his window. 
 He rushes outside, gets shot twice. 
 When was that exactly? 
 Last night. 
 Do you know the victim's name? 
 Of course I do... Marcus Ervin. 
 Thomas' alibi checks out. 
 Security footage from the restaurant confirms that he was having dinner when Reed was shot. 
 NYPD says Marcus Ervin was shot last night in Brooklyn around   :   p.m. while he was standing in the doorway of his ground floor apartment after a rock came crashing through his window. 
 Same MO as Reed. 
 - They run the ballistics yet? 
 - It's the same gun. 
 All right, that's two murders within three hours. 
 That we know of. 
 We could be looking at a killing spree. 
 All right, go to Brooklyn now. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 [SIGHS] 
 Game faces, people! 
 We now have two victims of the same gunman who might not be done shooting yet. 
 Three hours after killing Congressman Reed in the suburbs, our shooter resurfaced in Brooklyn and killed this man, Marcus Ervin. 
 He's    years old. 
 He's a retail clerk. 
 Lived with his mother, was taking IT classes at night. 
 The question is why... 
 Either there's a connection between these two murders, or we have a madman on the loose throwing rocks through random windows, and shooting whoever walks out. 
 If these two men were targeted, they were not killed for their differences. 
 They were killed for their similarities. 
 What do these two men have in common? 
 There's no luck on the political front. 
 I just talked to Reed's chief of staff. 
 She doesn't know Marcus, but she put his name in the volunteer database, and there's no record - that he ever worked there. 
 - Same goes for Reed's wife. 
 I mean, as far as she knows, Reed never spent any time in that part of Bushwick. 
 Okay, thanks, guys. 
 Hey, Kelly, have your team start scrubbing through videos from the area surrounding both crime scenes - and flag anything that appears in both. 
 - On it. 
 Ian, you guys run financials on both victims. 
 Look for any common patterns... 
 Expenses, accounts. 
 Let's get creative, folks! 
 Our shooter might have plans to strike again. 
 Travel history, online hangouts, common acquaintances. 
 I don't know. 
 Surprise me. 
 You got anything from Tiffany and Scola yet? 
 They're talking to Marcus' mother as we speak. 
 Maybe she knows something we haven't seen from here. 
 [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 You're telling me the same guy who killed a congressman killed my son? 
 That's our working theory at the moment. 
 So that's why y'all suddenly give a damn... 
 'cause a white congressman is involved. 
 Ma'am, we're just trying to find the man who shot your son. 
 Can you think of anything that might connect Marcus - to Logan Reed? 
 - No. 
 Marcus wasn't involved in politics. 
 Have there been recent threats, - or did he have any enemies? 
 - Yeah. 
 You're not gonna like it. 
 He was a good kid. 
 Kept his head down. 
 Did his work, and I can tell you right now he wanted nothing to do with the gangs. 
 Only people who hated my son were the local cops. 
 Excuse me? 
 Marcus didn't like the way the police treated people around here, so if they crossed the line, he'd let 'em hear it, and they crossed plenty of lines. 
 My opinion? 
 Cops killed my son. 
 And do you have any evidence to back that up? 
 ♪ ♪     Two days ago, some off-duty cop jumped out of an unmarked cop car and beat him senseless. 
 ♪ ♪     And did Marcus go to the hospital? 
 He was too afraid. 
 Cops said to keep his mouth shut. 
 Did you take photos of the injuries? 
 ♪ ♪     If you can tell us where the attack took place, we'll talk to the NYPD and get you some answers. 
 [SCOFFS] 
 I won't hold my breath. 
 ♪ ♪     We're gonna find the person responsible for Marcus' death, so please, can you tell us exactly where Marcus was attacked? 
 ♪ ♪     The intersection of Irving and Dekalb in Bushwick. 
 - We have video of the attack. 
 - Oh, great. 
 Happened at  :   p.m. Tuesday. 
 - All right, eyes up, people! 
 Let's check it out. 
 That is Marcus Ervin stepping off the curb, and I presume that is the cop his mother was talking about. 
 He could have killed him right here. 
 - Why wait a few days? 
 - Mm. 
 Are we gonna be able to identify the attacker? 
 No, it's too grainy for an ID, but we can read the license plate. 
 Yep, got it. 
 Car is owned by a Cody McCowan. 
 - He lives in Flatbush. 
 - He with the NYPD? 
 No, definitely not. 
 But Marcus' mom said a cop beat him up. 
 Well, his mother was wrong. 
 McCowan has got three priors, all for assault, no convictions. 
 He's got an outstanding warrant for aggravated battery. 
 Hate Crimes has a pretty big file on this guy. 
 He used to own a sporting goods shop. 
 Went out of business, channeled his anger into politics, started a local group called the Brooklyn Blockade... 
 BKB... 
 Fighting neighborhood change with intimidation and violence. 
 Neighborhood change, meaning he wants to keep his neighborhood white. 
 But why attack Marcus? 
 Why'd he hate him so much? 
 - I'm not sure yet. 
 - There's gotta be a reason. 
 - Let's find it. 
 - Hey. 
 I just found a connection. 
 Looks like Cody hated Congressman Reed too. 
 What? 
 What are you talking about? 
 He made a bunch of online threats against him over the past few months. 
 He blamed politicians like Reed for ruining his community. 
 Hey, McCowan's got six guns registered to his name. 
 - One of 'em a .  ? 
 - Smith & Wesson    . 
 All right, folks, we got a new leader in the clubhouse! 
 Cody McCowan, he assaulted Marcus Ervin, he threatened Congressman Reed, and he has a gun that matches the murder weapon. 
 Let's get an address and bring him in. 
 ♪ ♪     Cody McCowan on any of your unofficial watchlists? 
 - No. 
 - Come on. 
 What's a white boy gotta do to get some love from the DHS? 
 [SIGHS] 
 Look, I don't make the lists. 
 That is a weak excuse. 
 Just telling you the way it is. 
 Yeah, well, the way it is sucks. 
 You got a problem with the rules, take it up the chain of command. 
 Y'all have been hiding behind that line for     years. 
 I don't appreciate your attitude. 
 My attitude? 
 What does that mean? 
 What the hell are you trying... 
 Okay, enough, enough. 
 We got work to do. 
 ♪ ♪ - I got an address. 
 - Yeah? 
 Hate Crimes says McCowan and the BKB hang out at a place called Irish Haven in Brooklyn. 
 Bar's owned by Cody's mother Janine. 
 Okay, great, call Maggie and OA. 
 Get 'em over there now. 
 ♪ ♪     Tiffany. 
 So I get it. 
 You disagree with what DHS is doing, but you were out of line back there. 
 Excuse me? 
 Look, this place, the JOC, it only works if we're a team, you know? 
 If we play together in harmony. 
 End of the day, we got a job to do. 
 It's simple as that. 
 Thanks. 
 Can I get another one, please? 
 And this time, try to make sure this one's not so bubbly. 
 - Can I help you? 
 - Cody McCowan, you know him? 
 Sorry, man. 
 Cool vest, though. 
 Those thing come with a helmet? 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 I'ma need you to think really hard before you open your mouth again. 
 Cody McCowan, where can I find him? 
 Keep in mind, you lie to us, you're gonna go to prison. 
 What do you want with Cody McCowan? 
 Who are you? 
 Janine McCowan. 
 Cody's my son. 
 What'd he do, run his mouth again? 
 Yes, he did, and we'd love to talk to him about it. 
 Only reason he talks that way is 'cause the cops are afraid to do their damn job around here. 
 Somebody's gotta step up. 
 The FBI is stepping up, which is why we need to speak with him right now. 
 [DOOR OPENS] 
 Dude, get out of here. 
 Cody McCowan! 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 FBI, stop! 
 - Hey, it's a peaceful protest. 
 - Get out of my way. 
 - [GRUNTS] 
 - Don't leave this bar, okay? 
 ♪ ♪     He's gone. 
 Cody McCowan's still at large. 
 Last seen fleeing the Irish Haven. 
 Street cam is drawing a blank. 
 He might've ducked into a store front, and out into a back alley. 
 Yeah, I'm scrubbing footage from area security cameras. 
 So far, nothing. 
 Did we get anything from the BKB? 
 No, the guys we arrested lawyered up right away. 
 And no one else from the bar is talking. 
 I found something. 
 The reason Cody McCowan might have killed Marcus Ervin and Congressman Reed. 
 This photo was taken at a protest march last summer. 
 The guy with the bat is Cody McCowan's half brother Jack Powell. 
 The guy he's assaulting, that's Marcus Ervin. 
 Marcus Ervin testified against Powell who was convicted of ag assault with a hate crime kicker. 
 Got sentenced to five years in prison. 
 Right, so Cody was looking for payback. 
 That makes sense, but what does this photo have to do with Congressman Reed? 
 Reed used it in his campaign video. 
 He kept showing it, saying it was the sort of racism and violence that he wanted to abolish. 
 - Huh. 
 - Pulling it up now. 
 So Marcus Ervin's testimony put Jack Powell, Cody's half brother, behind bars, and Congressman Reed's campaign made him the face of angry, white racism. 
 That sounds like motive to me. 
 Is Jack Powell still in prison? 
 Yes, at Rikers, but he's currently in the hospital wing. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     When did this happen? 
 Tuesday in the yard. 
 He was known for being a racist. 
 He got beat down by a Black gang. 
 The guards stopped it in under a minute, but the damage is already done. 
 - How bad is it? 
 - Bad. 
 Severe TBI, might not ever wake up, and even if he does, he's not gonna recover. 
 [SCOFFS] 
 Jack's got an older brother, Cody McCowan. 
 Yeah, guy's a piece of work. 
 He's called me a dozen times since the attack, threatening to sue. 
 Do you have his phone number? 
 In our records. 
 Why? 
 Cody's a suspect in two recent homicides. 
 Both happened last night. 
 There's a good chance Jack's beat down was the catalyst. 
 [MONITOR BEEPING] 
 Based on the Rikers telephone record, Cody McCowan learned of Jack's prison yard beating :   a.m. on Tuesday morning. 
 Then six hours later, in what seems like a direct response, beats Marcus in the street. 
 Then, last night, both Marcus and Congressman Reed are shot and killed. 
 Any luck tracking Cody's phone? 
 Yeah, I just got up on the new number. 
 No location data, but for the past two hours, it's been pinging off the same three towers in Brooklyn putting him somewhere within - these ten square blocks. 
 - Okay, okay. 
 We are looking for an address in Flatbush. 
 Does Cody have any relatives there? 
 Any friends from the BKB? 
 Any references on social media posts? 
 Let's go. 
 I want to be kicking in a door in    minutes, and I need someone in here to tell me exactly which one. 
 There's nothing useful on his social media pages. 
 It's all trolling and hate speech. 
 Yeah, the BKB guys we have addresses for - all live closer to the bar. 
 - Got something, Jubal. 
 An address in Flatbush, I hope. 
 McCowan's ex-wife lists her permanent home in New Jersey but still owns an apartment at Lynwood Place, Flatbush. 
 ♪ ♪     That is right in the middle of the three cell towers. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     Billy Joel, you'll be home later. 
 Cody McCowan, FBI! 
 ♪ ♪     ♪ ♪     [GRUNTS] 
 He's at   st and Newkirk. 
 
 
 
 He's on the roof heading south. 
 ♪ ♪     [TIRES SCREECH] 
 FBI, stop! 
 Put your hands up. 
 Higher! 
 Turn away from me. 
 ♪ ♪     All these criminals running in the streets, and what do you do? 
 You arrest an innocent man. 
 If you're so innocent, then why'd you run? 
 I got outstanding warrants, and I didn't feel like surrendering just yet... 
 More work to do, since the cops don't have the guts to do their jobs anymore. 
 This your idea of police work? 
 - That's called payback. 
 - For what? 
 Race riots last summer. 
 Oh, you're referring to the protests. 
 Looked more like riots to me. 
 This punk Marcus threw a brick through the window of my mom's bar. 
 Looters stormed inside, started destroying the place like animals. 
 Cops didn't do a damn thing to stop it. 
 So that gives your brother Jack the right to take a bat to his head? 
 To save our mom's bar! 
 It's called self-defense. 
 And the internet runs with it. 
 All of a sudden, we're evil racists. 
 They started it, not us. 
 We were minding our own business, and then they started protesting and looting. 
 But my brother's the one who got sent to prison, and now he's hooked up to a feeding tube, so hell yeah, I kicked that kid's ass. 
 Yean, but that wasn't enough. 
 That's why you went after Marcus again, right? 
 But this time, you killed him. 
 Right after you killed Congressman Reed? 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 Come on, Cody, you said it yourself. 
 Your brother got screwed. 
 You wanted revenge. 
 Yeah, but I didn't kill anybody. 
 [DOOR BUZZES, OPENS] 
 Hey, we need to talk. 
 [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     So Tiffany and Scola just called. 
 Damian Thomas, the community activist who told us about Marcus' murder, he was just killed minutes ago. 
 He was shot in the chest after somebody threw a brick through his office window. 
 Are we sure this is related? 
 ERT pulled a second slug from the wall. 
 Preliminary ballistics are a match to the other two murders, which means... 
 Cody McCowan isn't our killer because he was here in our custody - when Thomas was shot. 
 - Right. 
 And our spree shooter is still out there and still killing people. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 I was at my desk when I heard the glass shatter. 
 I jumped up right away, but he got shot twice before I even knew what happened. 
 So you didn't see anything? 
 I just looked down and held him. 
 Everything happened so fast. 
 Do you have any idea who might be responsible? 
 Any enemies or recent threats on your father's life? 
 Not besides being detained by you people. 
 I mean, he had his detractors, but not like this. 
 All he ever wanted to do was help people. 
 That mean anything to you? 
 That was from a protest march last summer. 
 That guy, Jack Powell, he cracked Marcus Ervin's skull, knocked him out for two hours. 
 Marcus was shot to death last night. 
 You think this is related? 
 Did your father have anything to do - with this Powell kid? 
 - Yeah. 
 Marcus was poor. 
 No one was speaking up for him, so my dad and I, we lead the campaign to make sure the DA prosecuted him, for a hate crime, but Powell is in prison, so what are you trying... 
 It's possible that one of his accomplices is doing this, getting payback for what happened. 
 Are you familiar with a group called the Brooklyn Blockade? 
 - No. 
 - Listen, Laila. 
 If you and your dad both pushed for this hate crime charge, there is a chance you could be targeted too, so you really should lay low until we have this under control. 
 So now the sell-out's concerned about me and my family? 
 [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 Ain't that sweet. 
 I'm sorry. 
 That's just out of line. 
 We were there this morning for a good reason. 
 Your father threatened Congressman Reed - while carrying a gun. 
 - Scola, don't. 
 No, this is important. 
 All we did was follow the evidence. 
 You don't have to like it, but that doesn't make anyone here a sell-out. 
 Stuart. 
 ♪ ♪     Please give us a call if you think of anything that might be helpful. 
 ♪ ♪     Listen, I know you're trying to have my back, but don't speak for me again. 
 I don't walk in your shoes. 
 You don't walk in mine. 
 Yeah, I'm sorry. 
 - I didn't realize. 
 - I know you didn't. 
 But now you do. 
 ♪ ♪     Just talked to a witness. 
 Saw an unmarked Crown Vic flee the scene... 
 New York plate. 
 Crown Vic. 
 It's the same car Cody McCowan drives. 
 [DOOR BUZZES] 
 Looks like one of your friends just borrowed your car. 
 And he used it to kill Damian Thomas. 
 - We're activists, not killers. 
 - Right. 
 Yeah, that's right, activists. 
 You know, white folks can call theirselves that too. 
 Okay, well, your car was spotted at the crime scene. 
 We pulled this from a security camera one block away. 
 That's your car, Cody. 
 So why don't you tell us who's driving it? 
 I don't know. 
 I can't see his face. 
 Anybody could have taken the damn thing. 
 I keep the keys at the bar. 
 For all I know, someone stole it. 
 What about your .  ? 
 The murder weapon was a .  . 
 Who else has access to your gun? 
 Nobody, my guns are locked up in a safe in my apartment. 
 ♪ ♪     What? 
 ERT searched McCowan's safe after he was arrested. 
 - . 
 wasn't in it. 
 - But McCowan didn't know that. 
 Which means someone took it without his knowledge. 
 Hey, the only other prints on Cody's gun safe just came back to Janine McCowan. 
 Jack and Cody's mother. 
 We talked to her at the bar. 
 What do we know about Janine? 
 years old. 
 Sole proprietor of Irish Haven since     . 
 - Pays her taxes, pays her rent. 
 - She got a criminal history? 
 Nothing in the system. 
 Only reason she was fingerprinted was to get her liquor license. 
 Seems like a regular, law-abiding citizen. 
 Oh, yeah, until her baby boy goes to prison - and gets his head kicked in. 
 - Bring her in now. 
 ♪ ♪     FBI, nobody move! 
 Show me your hands. 
 Federal agents. 
 Don't move! 
 - Keep your hands up. 
 - Where's Janine McCowan? 
 I haven't seen her. 
 - Where's your boss? 
 - I don't know. 
 When's the last time you saw her? 
 - I don't know, half hour ago? 
 - Did she say anything? 
 No, not a word... 
 Went straight to the back, worked on her laptop for a bit, and then took off in a hurry. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 [FBI AGENTS CHATTERING] 
 ♪ ♪     Go ahead of thunder. 
 Upstairs clear. 
 [KEYBOARD CLACKING] 
 - Access denied. 
 - It's locked. 
 Maggie, look at this. 
 Dated today, "Dear Cody, I regret you were born - into a world so full of hate." - This a suicide note? 
 "The most hateful of all are the hypocrite do-gooders "who destroyed our family. 
 "They turned Jack into a monster "for sport and for politics, and he's braindead now. 
 "Those responsible will pay. 
 I won't ever stop. 
 "Forgive me for my sins, but I didn't have a choice. 
 I love you very much, Mom." - She's not done killing yet. 
 - No. 
 ♪ ♪     Clock's ticking, guys. 
 Come on, we need to find Janine McCowan now before she kills again. 
 Ian, got her computer. 
 She was on it before she left the bar. 
 - All right. 
 - All right, all right. 
 Let's get it done. 
 Find a way in. 
 Everybody else, keep at it. 
 Let's find that Crown Vic. 
 We tracking Janine's phone, pulling PODs, surveillance cameras? 
 Let's go. 
 Any clue who her next victim might be? 
 Nothing in her good-bye letter, but I'm guessing it's connected to her son's arrest or prosecution. 
 Yeah, we're putting together a list... 
 The DA who convicted Jack, key witnesses. 
 But what we really need right now, Ian, is access to that laptop. 
 - Two more seconds. 
 - [COMPUTER BEEPS] 
 Okay, I'm in. 
 The last website Janine visited was a social media page advertising a vigil - for Damian Thomas. 
 - Where and when? 
 City Hall Park. 
 It starts in    minutes. 
 Now, guys, this is a big event. 
 NYPD's preparing for hundreds of people to attend. 
 Which means hundreds of potential targets. 
 Yeah. 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     Rest in power, Damian. 
 She could be anywhere in this crowd. 
 Peace, Damian Thomas. 
 All right, we should split up. 
 Let's stay connected on the comms. 
 Hold on. 
 No justice, no peace! 
 We should get rid of these jackets and vests. 
 ♪ ♪     Three people have already been killed. 
 I get it, but these people think that we're the enemy. 
 We can get them all riled up, and cause an unnecessary commotion. 
 Makes sense to me. 
 Okay, let's take off the vests. 
 ♪ ♪     Hey, Jubal, we've landed at the location. 
 We don't have eyes on our suspect. 
 We'll keep you updated. 
 ♪ ♪     All right, we got boots on the ground in Brooklyn, but still no eyes on Janine McCowan. 
 I'm trying to get street cam footage. 
 Should have something for you soon. 
 - Got a hit on the BOLO. 
 - Yeah, where is it? 
 Cody McCowan's Crown Vic is parked on the block at Church Street. 
 NYPD says it's empty. 
 That's five blocks from City Hall Park. 
 Yeah, what do we got, Ian? 
 There are street cameras on both ends - of that block. 
 - Great. 
 ♪ ♪     There by the courtyard entrance. 
 Yeah, scrubbing back to her leaving the car. 
 ♪ ♪     - When was this? 
 -    minutes ago. 
 Guys, she exited the car minutes ago on Church Street. 
 We gotta assume she's heading to City Hall Park from the west on Chambers Street. 
 She's wearing blue jeans, a dark hoodie zipped to the neck, and her gun is in a brown, leather handbag. 
 Jubal, can't find Janine on any street cams in the area. 
 Just got word. 
 We have a surveillance team on site - with eyes on the crowd. 
 - Beautiful. 
 ♪ ♪     Van at the corner of Murray and Broadway. 
 Got it. 
 So DHS has a team on site surveilling the vigil. 
 They might have intel that can help us find Janine McCowan. 
 You already know how I feel about this. 
 And I get that, but Janine McCowan came here to kill people, okay? 
 Innocent people. 
 ♪ ♪     Okay. 
 Okay, let's go. 
 Black time. 
 FBI, open up. 
 - [KNOCKS] 
 - FBI, open up now. 
 Special Agent Tiffany Wallace, FBI. 
 We're looking for an active shooter. 
 This is an off-the-books operation. 
 We know. 
 We just need you to link up your feed to the Joint Operation Command. 
 Okay, but I need to make a few calls first. 
 We don't have time for phone calls. 
 Well, we can't share intel. 
 You can spy on Black people, but you can't help save their lives? 
 You really want to stake your career on that? 
 Okay, we'll get the feed to the JOC. 
 ♪ ♪     We're all synced up with the DHS feed. 
 That is live spy cam footage of the Damian Thomas vigil. 
 Janine McCowan is in here somewhere. 
 The question is where. 
 The abandoned Crown Vic, is that visible on this screen? 
 Right, Church. 
 Okay, where is it? 
 There. 
 Okay, Ian, we need to roll back this footage to the exact moment Janine left her car. 
 Okay, there. 
 Can we track her movements from there? 
 Oh, yeah, adding a tracer now. 
 Good, good, good. 
 Okay, here we go. 
 Where's she going? 
 Where's she going? 
 Okay, okay. 
 ♪ ♪     She ducked into that storefront. 
 What then? 
 This is real time. 
 She's still in there. 
 - Get me an address! 
 - Address is     Broadway. 
 It's a hardware store that closed at  :   p.m. 
 Okay, I'm pulling up live street cam view of that address. 
 Yeah, yeah, guys, she's hiding in the entryway of Broadway, west edge of the park. 
 We're moving in now. 
 ♪ ♪     Jubal, she's not here. 
 Wait, how long is the delay on this? 
 Can't be more than ten seconds. 
 Guys, you just missed her. 
 She's heading east toward the park. 
 ♪ ♪     There she is in the tan jacket. 
 Copy that, we've got eyes on her. 
 All right, you go around left. 
 - I'll stay with Janine. 
 - Yeah. 
 ♪ ♪     Thank you all for coming out tonight to celebrate my father's life. 
 Damian Thomas was never a man who sat back and just accepted the way things were. 
 He believed that change was possible without violence! 
 From an early age, my father decided that as long as he had a point of view and a voice, both his point of view and his voice were going to be heard. 
 Tonight, we honor his legacy by gathering together peacefully. 
 The cycle of violence stops now! 
 Tonight! 
 It ends with us! 
 [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
 FBI, drop your weapon! 
 [GRUNTS] 
 [CROWD CLAMORING] 
 It's over, Janine. 
 You're under arrest for murder. 
 ♪ ♪     Thank you. 
 ♪ ♪     We got the shooter, saved a life maybe two. 
 Yeah. 
 I know. 
 I'm supposed to feel good. 
 What DHS was doing was wrong... 
 in my book at least, and... 
 I still went over there, and I used their information. 
 We still ran over there and used the information. 
 Yeah. 
 We didn't have a choice. 
 But that is such crap... 
 [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
 'Cause we do... have a choice. 
 ♪ ♪     And today we chose to do what was convenient. 
 I guess what I mean is that... 
 You don't get to pick and choose when to have integrity... 
 when to stand up for what's right, you know? 
 ♪ ♪     When to be the kind of Black woman you want to be. 
 Look, I get it. 
 I do. 
 And the truth is that sometimes there's a cost to victory... 
 ♪ ♪     But that doesn't mean that it's not a victory. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 