Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Cry Havoc - State of Affairs 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Cry Havoc https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=70&t=16132 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/20/15 01:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Cry Havoc 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  State of Affairs... 
 Fatah's still my asset. 
 You created the man who murdered Aaron. 
 The president is now waging the war on terror against her own people. 
 When is the attack coming? 
 We are at war, Kyle. Ar Rissalah is real. 
 FBI and Homeland Security believe we have an A.R. cell inside the United States. 
 All right, well, what's our girl's name? 
 Who the hell is Stacy Dover? 
 I want to make a real difference in the world. 
 A real one. 
 [Phone clicks] 
 [Tapping on phone] 
 [Sighs] 
 What the hell? 
 I was just, uh, giving you my number. 
 Sorry. It's a work phone. 
 I have to be careful. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I'll call  you. 
 Whatever. 
 [Door closes] 
 [Dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Pop music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I got you. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Where'd you disappear to last night? 
 Tell me you did not go home with that loser from the bar. 
 He wasn't that bad. 
 I was wasted. 
 [Laughs] You really were. 
 You're going to Econ? 
 What, do hangovers just not affect you? 
 [Laughs] 
 [Crowd shouting] 
 Here we are, young lady. 
 Keep the change. 
 Thank you. 
 [Chimes ringing] 
 Ar Rissalah is here. 
 [Explosion] 
 [Fire crackling] 
 [Men shouting indistinctly] 
 __ 
 [Yawns] 
 [Knocking on door] 
 A shower wouldn't kill you. 
 You are a lifesaver. 
 Did you sleep at all? 
 Um... 
 Lucas is on the phone with the FBI now prepping them to bring in Stacy Dover. 
 This girl is the lynchpin. 
 She can tell us who recruited her to Ar Rissalah, how they communicate, what the hell they're planning next... 
 We may finally have a bead on the Ar Rissalah American cell. 
 That's great. 
 Yeah. 
 But that's not why you spent the night. 
 Nick still hasn't checked in? 
 He's gone to ground. 
 Are you worried about him because of the op or because... 
 Because he's doing this for me. 
 Look, if someone made Nick, Ar Rissalah would be broadcasting his capture on every major media network. 
 I know. It's just... 
 My nana used to call it "the mimis," this sixth sense, this feeling on the back of my neck, like an electric charge. 
 Something's gonna happen, Mo. 
 Something bad. 
 [Door opens] 
 Oh, God. Okay. 
 Just got off with special agent in charge Markey. 
 Good. 
 Let the FBI drop the first shots on Stacy Dover. 
 Get her compliant, chatting up a storm... 
 They're not bringing her in. 
 What? 
 The Bureau feels there is insufficient evidence linking Stacy Dover to terrorist activities. 
 She posted an Ar Rissalah photo from the damn Grand Canyon. 
 Look, there are hundreds of thousands of A.R. photographers. 
 They can't all be terrorists. 
 So, Lucas, is that the assessment you gave in your FBI brief? 
 What's that mean, Charlie? 
 You're having a hard time. 
 But don't back off the ball just because you knocked that professor around a little. 
 One college professor, who drafted the rant that caught fire on the Internet and became a call to arms for Ar Rissalah, doesn't get any slack, doesn't get a pass, even if it was unintentional. 
 Because now we're looking at an active terrorist cell on American soil who are building amateur bombs to attack God knows how many targets... 
 It's not illegal to take a photograph, and we are dealing with American citizens on American soil. 
 What is our iron rule? 
 Nothing trumps a threat to the homeland. 
 Nothing trumps a threat to the homeland. 
 Stacy Dover is top of the book. 
 The president needs to weigh in on this, and you can expect her to break the scales. 
 So where did Charlie hear that I'm having a hard time? 
 Hey, Charleston Tucker? 
 Yes. 
 Special Agent Eric Markey. 
 [Chuckles] This place is a maze. 
 Agent Markey, it's wonderful to meet you in person... 
 You're both here. Good. 
 Come on. 
 David, why is the FBI sitting in on my briefing? 
 Agent Markey is heading up the FBI joint task force on Ar Rissalah. 
 The president wanted him on hand to weigh in. 
 The president or you? 
 We have Stacy Dover in proximity to the bomb materials found at the Washington Monument and the Hoover Dam. 
 Dover was in Arizona when those monuments were targeted. 
 That doesn't mean she's not building a bomb of her own. 
 Madam President, the face of terrorism has changed. 
 Stacy Dover isn't on any of our watch lists. 
 She doesn't fit the typical criteria we use to I.D. terrorists. 
 The only reason we found her is because she left her hand in the photo. 
 Ma'am, how many Stacy Dovers are out there? 
 We bring this girl in, we get some answers. 
 If we arrest Stacy Dover without probable cause, we're at risk of another Professor Ahmadi situation. 
 And we'll be giving Senator Kyle Green another sound bite. 
 While I would like to round up every kid that thinks threatening a national monument is funny, we have laws in this country and despite what my opponents think, I believe in them. 
 You two will work together on this. 
 Get the evidence, then bring Dover in. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Thanks. 
 Thank you, ma'am. 
 Charleston, please. 
 You should know the report on the convoy attack is coming out this week in full. 
 That report could be very dangerous for us. 
 Once the press learns that Aaron was killed by CIA friendly fire, the conspiracy theorists will be spinning. 
 We need to protect the truth. 
 Bellerophon is clean. 
 Other than Director Navarro and my team, no one knows Omar Fatah is our asset. 
 You trust your team? 
 You shouldn't. 
 Everyone lies, Charleston. 
 It's always those closest to us whose betrayal we can't see. 
 I'm gonna order polygraphs on the entire PDB team. 
 Bellerophon is compartmentalized. 
 Nobody outside of your team has been read in. 
 I'm just... I'm being cautious. 
 What are the chances you have a leak? 
 A few weeks ago, I started receiving anonymous texts threatening to expose my relationship with Fatah. 
 I traced the texter's cell phone. 
 Found it in a PDB burn bag. 
 Why didn't you report that? 
 You hadn't been read in and... 
 As soon as I confessed everything to POTUS, the threats stopped. 
 I assumed I had mitigated the texter's leverage. 
 W... How much do they know? 
 There's a photo. 
 [Cell phone clicks] 
 [Tapping on phone] 
 T-that comes out with a report... 
 Bellerophon will be compromised. 
 No, Charleston, Bellerophon will die outright. 
 It'll be erased from any formal record. 
 Yeah, and Nick Vera right along with it. 
 Well, we're heading east, I know that much. 
 I'm guessing Pakistan. 
 Hell, maybe even back to Kabul. 
 I'm not taking you anywhere. 
 I am. 
 Tell me where he is! 
 [Gasps] I'll pray for you. 
 [Speaks Farsi] 
 Is that knife for me? 
 That would make it easier for you, wouldn't it? 
 To justify the things you did if you see me as a monster. 
 You either use that knife or you tell me what you want. 
 To help you. 
 Yeah, I'm heading to the safe house now. 
 These... these polygraphs, they're gonna remain compartmentalized to protect Bellerophon, and I'm gonna oversee them personally. 
 If one of your PDB team sent those texts, we're gonna find out today. 
 And, Charleston? 
 Yes? 
 This better be the last secret. 
 It is, sir. 
 How you holding up? 
 I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be? 
 Polygraphs. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Come on, Newsome. 
 We both know you're way off the wagon. 
 It's bound to come out. 
 We have terrorists building bombs on American soil and Ray's pulling us away from the action to re-poly? 
 I think he's after something a little bit more important than my love affair with Jim Beam or Jack Daniels. 
 What do you think he's looking for? 
 I don't know... Treason, leaking secrets, taking money, sleeping with foreign agents. 
 Thanks for your concern, buddy. 
 What is this? 
 Finder's fee. 
 This is money? I don't want it. 
 Is there anything more boring than a safe house? 
 Thanks, Brian. 
 No extra tech. 
 No heightened security. 
 Yeah, well, best way to hide is in plain sight. 
 Late night, huh? 
 College girls. 
 Oh, no. Come on. 
 I keep telling you, bro, you've got to let me take you out one of these nights. 
 We're only getting better with age. 
 [Laughs] Come on, Brian. 
 I can't say dating 20-somethings is getting better. 
 Who's the first polygraph? 
 Kurt Tannen, then Dashiell Greer, Maureen James, Lucas Newsome, and Charleston Tucker. 
 Okay. 
 Call Langley and tell them we'll start in an hour. 
 [Chimes ring] 
 [Gate latches shut] 
 [Fire crackling] 
 [Somber music] 
 __ 
 [Electronic beep] 
 What is your name? 
 Kurt Tannen. 
 Are you currently an employee of the Central Intelligence Agency? 
 Yes. 
 Have you ever suspected a coworker of illicit or treasonous activity? 
 No. 
 Have you ever accepted money or gifts from anyone representing another intelligence agency? 
 No. 
 Stacy Dover's still coming up clean. 
 No history of mental illness. 
 We're not dealing with another suicide case here. 
 Can't find any connection between Stacy and James Wilcox, the A.R. photographer who broke into the White House. 
 Nothing that links her to Al Moosari or any other known Ar Rissalah members. 
 What about her trip abroad? 
 She visited Turkey last year. 
 On spring break. 
 We've got her drinking at a club, visiting national monuments... 
 Then she just happened to pick up Middle Eastern studies the next semester? 
 Turns out it was a requirement for her history major. 
 This girl knows how to cover her tracks. 
 NSA's got a read on all her devices. 
 They still can't find a single trace of Dark Web activity. 
 Maybe that means she's not Ar Rissalah. 
 Maybe it means she's hiding in plain sight. 
 The American sect of Ar Rissalah is about trying to blend in, a sameness like polo shirts and khakis. 
 People you see so many times in so many places you never think to look twice. 
 What if they're using the same strategy to talk to one another? 
 Via high-traffic public websites. 
 That tracks with Fatah's message. 
 And explains why Stacy's never been on the Dark Web. 
 Guys, come on. Step it out. 
 Terrorists use the Dark Web for a specific reason which is, it's impossible to index. 
 The NSA can't even track it. 
 Why would Ar Rissalah risk communicating over websites that we can search? 
 Because they're the last place we'd actually look. 
 Think about it. 
 We're so dialed in to Dark Web activity that we may be missing what's right in front of us. 
 Call Agent Markey. 
 Get the joint task force to comb social media... 
 Chat rooms, talk backs, comment sections... 
 And then check Stacy Dover's Internet activity against our other blue-eyed, blonde-haired wannabe bomber James Wilcox. 
 Have you ever been approached to spy on the Central Intelligence Agency? 
 Seriously? 
 No. Of course not. 
 Is that what this is about? 
 Does Ray think we have a mole? 
 I'll ask the questions, sir. 
 I don't doubt that for one second. 
 Sorry. I'm a smart-ass. 
 That should show up as 100% true. 
 [Chuckles] Right? Oh. 
 I didn't have a... an appointment with Senator Green. 
 She's only asking for a few minutes of your time, Senator Burke. 
 All right. 
 You're releasing the convoy report? 
 That's my report, Bob. 
 I'm the chair of that committee. 
 Am I aware that I would not have my seat without you? 
 Of course. 
 And I have thanked you in many ways for all you have done for my career, but this report, it is out of your jurisdiction as Senate Majority Leader. 
 I decide when it's released and no one else. 
 [Quietly] The report isn't ready. 
 Trust me. 
 There is more to Aaron Payton's death than CIA friendly fire. 
 The level of cover-up that we are finding, it could trace all the way back to the White House. 
 Give me a few more weeks to keep digging. 
 [Sighs] 
 Have you seen Payton's polling numbers? 
 They're plummeting. 
 And we have you to thank for that, Kyle. 
 Now, you've done a terrific job, but I'm gonna take it from here. 
 Thank you for seeing me. 
 Sure. 
 __ 
 Anything you can do to squeeze me in, Jill? 
 It's important I speak to her privately. 
 I can try for five minutes after her sit-down with the British P.M. 
 Thank you. 
 Marshall. 
 David. 
 Are you married? 
 Yes. I mean, no. 
 Um... We signed the papers. 
 No is... the answer is no. 
 Have you ever been approached to spy on your own agency? 
 No. 
 Thank you for your time. 
 [Door opens] 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 Lucas Newsome, your next victim. 
 Step back from the monitors, sir. 
 Okay. 
 Are you an employee... 
 Hold on. 
 So... 
 I fell off the wagon recently. 
 One dusty bottle of Jack and that's eight years down the drain. 
 Kurt Tannen, my coworker, caught onto me, but I asked him to keep it quiet. 
 And, well, I haven't exactly been sober since. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Anything else? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 I slept with a coworker. Twice. 
 I was hoping to go for more, but I'm pretty sure I screwed that up today, so... 
 There's that. 
 Why'd you ask for me? 
 I don't buy your liberator B.S. 
 I didn't then. I certainly don't now. 
 You have never been on our side. 
 I wasn't choosing your side when I agreed to help you. 
 Do you remember your first question to me on that boat so long ago? 
 Where is Sheikh Hakam? 
 Sheikh Hakam has lost his way. 
 He would wage war on the west; more bloodshed, more drone strikes, more death. 
 He'll drive my people to slaughter in pursuit of a crusade we cannot win. 
 It's your war too. You hit the convoy. 
 You gave the interview that launched Ar Rissalah. 
 How little you truly know. 
 I've been following your directive... 
 Charlie's directive... 
 To gain Hakam's trust, make myself valuable. 
 Before, when you asked me where he was, no matter how much you beat me, I couldn't answer, because I did not know. 
 I know now. 
 [Lucas's voice] Kurt Tannen, my coworker, caught onto me, but I asked him to keep it quiet, and, well, I haven't exactly been sober since. 
 Did you know? 
 I'm the one who helped him get sober. 
 Personally, it breaks my heart. 
 Professionally, I could give a rat's ass. 
 Got bigger things to deal with. 
 One of your team failed their test categorically. 
 Maureen? 
 Yeah. 
 The heart rate erratic, breath labored. 
 Coked-out cheating husbands give better polys than this. 
 Maureen would never. She... 
 Yeah. Look right here. 
 Her results only go off the rails after the question about sexual interest in a coworker. 
 Maureen is intensely private. 
 She hasn't even told me who she has a thing for. 
 Imagine how she felt knowing her boss would see the answer. 
 Of course her heart rate rose. 
 She wasn't lying, Ray. She was just embarrassed. 
 You're way too close to her, Charlie. 
 You can't even see it. 
 Hey, look, I'll bring Ms. James back in, and I'll let her re-poly. 
 No. 
 Charleston, she doesn't get a pass for being your best friend. 
 No, Ray, it's not Maureen. 
 I know who's been sending me those texts. 
 Shut the door and take a seat. 
 [Door closes] 
 
 
 
 Where did you get this photo, Kurt? 
 We've got three confirmed dead so far? 
 [Sighs] Any word on Director Navarro? 
 No. 
 You passed your polygraph. 
 Perfect results. 
 Steady heart rate. Steady breathing. 
 That "no" registered as truth, but it isn't, is it? 
 You caught Lucas drinking at work. 
 He asked me not to say anything. 
 I know you, Kurt. 
 You're a terrible liar. 
 The only way for you to beat a poly is... by cheating. 
 Old CIA trick, huh, Kurt? 
 Thumb tack in the shoe? 
 Step on the point to keep your baseline steady, and every answer, regardless of the question, registers as truth, right? 
 You texted me that, didn't you? 
 Do you have any idea what I thought when I saw this photo? 
 You and Vera with the terrorist who murdered your fiance? 
 For all I knew, you planned that convoy attack. 
 You actually believe that, Kurt? 
 I didn't know what to believe, Charlie. 
 Why do you think I sent those texts? 
 I wanted to give you a chance to tell the truth. 
 And you did. And I stopped texting. 
 Who gave you the photograph, Kurt? 
 You have to believe me, Charlie. 
 I've always been on your side. 
 Who gave you the photograph? 
 I didn't tell anyone about Bellerophon, sir. 
 The op is clean. 
 Who gave you the photograph? 
 Sir, the op is clean. 
 Who gave you the photo, Kurt? 
 Kyle Green. 
 I went to college with her assistant. 
 I was an easy target. 
 You ran a sting op on me for a senator? 
 I'll take it from here, Charleston. 
 All right, Kurt. 
 Here's what's gonna happen. 
 Where did you get this? 
 Kyle Green. 
 She thinks the CIA may have orchestrated the convoy attack using Omar Fatah to do it. 
 It sounds insane, I know, but she's got a CIA weapon on the scene. 
 Is this photograph in the report? 
 Not yet. 
 Kyle's holding it until she can figure out what it means. 
 Well, I'm trying to figure out what all this coziness between you and Kyle Green means. 
 It means I'm looking for answers about Aaron. 
 It means I've never stopped looking. 
 But you already know. 
 You've seen this before, haven't you? 
 No. 
 Yet, you're not surprised to see Charlie with the terrorist who killed our son. 
 I defended you. 
 I told Kyle she was insane to believe you knew about this. 
 D.P., maybe, he'd do anything to cover up a scandal, but my wife would never keep the lid on the death of our son no matter who was implicated. 
 Was I right to defend you? 
 That's not fair. 
 Marshall, you don't understand what I... 
 I don't understand because I'm not read into the web of lies. 
 Because you are not the president. 
 And these, days, CeCe, thank God for that. 
 I don't understand. 
 You've been hunting Sheikh Hakam for years. 
 Oh, yeah, we want Hakam. 
 The problem is you. 
 We know you have an active Ar Rissalah cell inside the United States. 
 We know you're planning something. 
 Until the lid is blown off that plot and Ar Rissalah is null and void, we have no deal. 
 I have nothing to do with the American cell. 
 You're Hakam's second-in-command. 
 You can't plead powerlessness now. 
 Power's a myth. 
 __ 
 [Knocking] 
 Moosari. 
 [Speaks Farsi] 
 __ 
 [Gasping] 
 __ 
 Power is a myth. 
 You'll need to leave your badge and any Agency identification behind. 
 Only personal effects, please. 
 Forget it. Just keep it all. 
 Director Navarro revoked Kurt's security clearances. 
 He's done. 
 Never would have seen this coming. 
 Dash, maybe. 
 Take that as a compliment. 
 It just doesn't track. 
 He was third generation agency. 
 He's not dead, guys, he's just... 
 Just what, Charlie? 
 This is a fishbowl. 
 Now he's flopping around on the outside. 
 Ms. Tucker? 
 You were right about Stacy Dover. 
 We're bringing her in. 
 Two weeks before the A.R. selfie, both Stacy Dover and James Wilcox received this email from Redwood Books inviting them to purchase a copy of  Julius Caesar. 
 The activation's in the book? 
 No, the activation is in the sender's email address. 
 Turns out James Wilcox and Stacy Dover received the same email from different senders. 
 Here is the Instagram page of the user who emailed Wilcox. 
 Camera, horse head, and a stock photo of the White House. 
 Where Wilcox took his selfie. 
 It's an activation. 
 The user who emailed Stacy Dover posted the same photos of the camera and horse head, but instead of the White House... 
 The Grand Canyon. 
 There's got to be a list serv for Redwood Books. 
 We find that, we can track the entire Ar Rissalah cell and anything else Stacy Dover gives up. 
 Go! Go! Go! Go! 
 On me! 
 [Knocking on door] 
 FBI! Warrant! 
 Stacy Dover. Where is Stacy Dover? 
 She's not here. 
 Director. 
 Senator. 
 Thank you for finally agreeing to meet with me. 
 No, I appreciate you driving all the way out here. 
 Well, I understand the need for discretion... thank you... 
 And I will do everything in my power to protect your anonymity when the report's released. 
 Ah, I appreciate that. 
 What do you know about the relationship between Charleston Tucker and Omar Fatah? 
 Unfortunately, that's classified. 
 Did the CIA orchestrate the convoy attack that resulted in the death of Aaron Payton? 
 Someone has to expose the lies. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Oh, lies are the base currency of both our worlds, senator. 
 The difference, though, is that I use them to protect this country and you use yours to politicize it. 
 Where'd you get the photo, senator? 
 Dash, where are we with the street cams? 
 Two hours ago, we have her leaving the Theta Pi Kappa house. 
 She told her sorority sister she was headed to class. 
 Traffic lights confirm her entering campus here, then she sneaks right by that campus protest, and then nada. 
 We've got the campus on lockdown. 
 She's still there, we'll find her. 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
 Another activation. 
 Two days ago, Stacy Dover got an email from a fake company called Bluestar Books. 
 This is their Instagram. 
 Get Ray on the line right now. 
 They're gonna hit Wyoming? 
 No, they're gonna hit Ray. 
 He was the governor of Wyoming. 
 The eagle; The CIA. The crown; The king. 
 The flag; Ray. 
 Stacy Dover has been activated to kill Director Navarro. 
 [Phone buzzing] 
 I've got Kurt Tannen on a polygraph saying that you gave this to him. 
 Now, this photograph's classified. 
 Possession by a civilian, even a senator, is illegal. 
 I could arrest you. 
 This is why our Congress has it out for the CIA. 
 You try to run a sting operation, a shakedown? 
 Are you working with The Krieg Group, Senator Green? 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Why is a private military company interested in discrediting this Agency? 
 Are you working with The Krieg Group? 
 T.K.G. is a gun. 
 They have no agenda. 
 They're work-for-hire. 
 Exactly. So who hired them? 
 Go get yourself a warrant. 
 [Chimes ringing] 
 Ar Rissalah is here. 
 [Rapid beeping] 
 [Explosion] 
 [Groans] Brian. 
 Brian? 
 Come on. Stay with me, brother. Come on. 
 Just track the sound of my voice. 
 Just listen. 
 [Groaning] 
 [Labored breathing] 
 The FBI just confirmed it was Stacy Dover. 
 Ray? 
 He's in surgery now. 
 They haven't told me much... 
 Internal bleeding, organ damage, head trauma. 
 It doesn't look good. 
 I'm sorry. 
 He's a fighter. 
 He wouldn't want us worrying about this, not with what's happened. 
 [Sighs] 
 Dash, work with DS&T on breaking the list serv firewall. 
 If any more Ar Rissalah members are being activated, we need to know about it yesterday. 
 Got it. 
 You're on Stacy Dover. 
 Every movement from the past week. 
 Find out how she found our safe house. 
 Talk to the FBI. 
 I want a tangible plan for POTUS on the hour. 
 Lucas, can you handle this? 
 Yeah. 
 You saw my polygraph. 
 Can you handle this? 
 Charlie. Got a call for you. 
 Send it up to the team, Earl. 
 I'm on my way to 1600. 
 It's on a secure line. 
 Code name Bellerophon. 
 Nick? I'm here. 
 Where the hell is here? 
 I'm with Pegasus, Charlie. 
 Take him out. 
 Fatah's army just blew up a CIA safe house in Maryland. 
 They executed a U.S. senator. 
 Kill him now while we still have a chance. 
 I think you're gonna want to hear this first. 
 Aleek Al Moosari has been using a list serv to contact the members of his American cell. 
 He sends the list serve a benign email and the sender's... 
 Email address is the key. 
 Their Instagram account contains the activation. 
 Fatah told the truth. 
 He could just be baiting us with a dead end. 
 No. 
 Aleek Al Moosari keeps the list serv on his person at all times. 
 The only way Fatah could get it was to kill him. 
 Aleek Al Moosari is dead? 
 And we have the list serv. 
 It contains the email addresses of the entire American cell. 
 Fatah's been ours the whole time. 
 Your asset came through. 
 [Sighs] 
 Was it really a terrorist attack? 
 What? 
 Have you seen proof that the bomber was truly Ar Rissalah? 
 Think about it, CeCe. 
 Kyle Green was digging through some very powerful closets. 
 Plenty of people had reason to want her dead. 
 Stop it. Stop. 
 That photograph has you spinning out. 
 There is no conspiracy, darling. 
 Maybe you're right. 
 Or maybe my last chance at finding out the truth about Aaron's death just blew up alongside Kyle Green. 
 [Knock on door] 
 What is it, David? 
 As soon as the secret service allows, you'll need to address the nation. 
 I've assembled the joint chiefs to present you with a strategy. 
 Not just yet. 
 First, I want to speak with the victim's families privately. 
 These people deserve to be mourned properly and not just... 
 All due respect, the victims are not the primary issue right now. 
 Right now, I'm more concerned with 300 million Americans who are scared and confused. 
 Ar Rissalah just executed a successful attack on the homeland. 
 You think I don't understand the gravity of this? 
 I think that this presidency was built on a promise that's not being delivered. 
 Ar Rissalah is winning. 
 Madam President, I know that you are a compassionate woman, but right now, we don't need to hear from that side of you. 
 Right now, we need the soldier. 
 What exactly are you suggesting, David? 
 That the soldier in her bomb the entire Middle East in retaliation? 
 Military strategy wasn't a prerequisite for me getting my job. 
 It was for her. 
 We got the list serv activation on hand. 
 We send this puppy out, we'll be able to fish out every member of the American cell who responds to it. 
 Every FBI office in the country's on high alert, waiting for my call to move in. 
 We've been hunting this American cell for weeks. 
 Now we're gonna take them down with the push of a button? 
 Yeah. 
 It feels too easy, right? 
 Too easy screams "setup" to me. 
 Nick, listen, what if he's playing us? 
 What if we send out this activation and it launches another attack? 
 Is that what your gut tells you? 
 I don't know. 
 I was wrong, Charlie. 
 You've been right about Fatah this whole time. 
 You turned him on that boat. 
 I don't think Fatah wants a war. 
 He wants to be a liberator. 
 Hope to God. 
 Hope to God. 
 Send out the activation. 
 In the past week, seven members of Ar Rissalah's American cell have been apprehended. 
 I'd like to thank the FBI-led task force responsible for finding and targeting these terrorists. 
 But our fight has only begun. 
 When Ar Rissalah set off a bomb on our homeland, when they murdered a United States senator, we let slip our dogs of war and we will not rein them in. 
 We will apprehend, prosecute, and incarcerate indefinitely anyone who seeks to harm this country. 
 We will protect the United States at all costs. 
 Inspiring, Madam President, truly. 
 Well, thank you, senator. 
 I also understand I have you to thank for the convoy report. 
 That report was released wide. 
 Yeah, but not before everything really sensitive... 
 I.E., damaging to us, was redacted. 
 You could have used that report to cast shade on this White House and the CIA. 
 I don't particularly feel like there's room for partisan politics at a time like this. 
 All the same, I owe you a big favor. 
 Then I intend to call in that favor at some point. 
 Thank you, senator. 
 Madam President. 
 Well, that guy wants to bury you. 
 Let him try. 
 How you doing? 
 About ready to eat through the wall to hit the liquor store, but other than that, shaky, irritable, pissed off. 
 Take these. 
 Don't you think it's a little ironic you're feeding me pills that clean me up? 
 I've seen you go pretty deep. 
 I drink. 
 You binge. 
 But the big difference is, I don't let it affect the work, and you can barely function. 
 Why are you helping me, Charlie? 
 [Sighs] 
 You're a good analyst. 
 You're not just another ass-kisser at the Agency. 
 Ray's gonna get through this, Lucas. 
 But with Sheikh Hakam still out there, the Agency's going to look to you. 
 As his briefer, you're his de facto proxy. 
 And you can't be that guy and be wasted at work. 
 I have a meeting with Ms. Anchez. 
 Ms. Anchez is out of the country, but she very much wanted us to meet. 
 Victor Gantry. Pleased to meet you, Kurt. 
 I hear you're looking for a job. 
 Our means will haunt our end. 
 We'll reap exactly what we sow, that we cannot run from. 
 [Sighs] 
 This is something we can't speak of. 
 Al Moosari has friends here in the Philippines. 
 You still haven't told me what we're doing here, Omar. 
 Is this... 
 No one's ever got a recognizable picture of him before. 
 Ask me again. 
 Where is Sheikh Hakam? 
 He's coming to a meeting at a camp outside Isabella City. 
 [Speaks Farsi] 
 This is the first known photograph of Sheikh Hakam. 
 Killing this man is Agency priority number one. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 