Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Hot Shots - The Wire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Hot Shots https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1002&t=42359 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/13/21 16:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Hot Shots 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 -Yo, J, what up, son? Where you been? -I ain't been nowhere, T. Just laying low, man. 
 You gonna see Darnell's little brother come on out with that laundry basket. 
 -And the take's in the basket? -Once in the afternoon and one at night. 
 Always the same laundry basket. 
 -How you know? -That money got to come out somehow, man. 
 So we ain't got to blast our way to the top floor. 
 We wait till they're in the street with their sh1t. 
 Yeah, we gonna do 'em tonight. You heard? After it get dark. 
 Just like you say. 
 Put the basket down now! Put it down! f*ck, I said put the basket down! 
 -Easy girl, whoa, chill. -Y'all niggers, you got caught slipping. 
 Sorry it had to go down like this, baby, 'cause your ass is cute. Keep your hands up. 
 Nice, very nice. 
 [TIRES SCREECH] 
 -Bitches! -That's somethin' you don't see every day. 
 When you walk through the garden You gotta watch your back Well, I beg your pardon Walk the straight and narrow track 
 If you walk with Jesus He's gonna save your soul You gotta keep the devil Way down in the hole He's got the fire and the fury At his command Well, you don't have to worry If you hold on to Jesus' hand We'll all be safe from Satan When the thunder rolls We just gotta keep the devil Way down in the hole 
 Down in the hole 
 Down in the hole Gotta help me keep the devil Down in the hole 
 [INTERVIEWEES SPEAK IN LANGUAGES OTHER THAN ENGLISH] 
 BOTH: Hey! 
 Er... Inglese. 
 -No English. -No English. 
 -English. -English. 
 [CONTINUES SPEAKING IN MOTHER TONGUE] 
 Kunta Kinte. 
 Yabba dabba dabba doo. 
 Huh? 
 Ha! Mishy, gishy, gushy, gushy, mishy, meshy, mushy, m*therf*cker! 
 -Huh? -Uh? 
 [SPEAKS NATIVE TONGUE] 
 Negro, you cannot travel halfway around the world and not speak any motherfucking English. 
 [PLEADS IN MOTHER TONGUE] 
 English, m*therf*cker! 
 Two missing and the rest ain't sayin' sh1t we understand. 
 Tried to tell you. With the questions you all are asking. 
 We step off ship, English is once again heard? 
 Pretty much, yeah. 
 Here's what's left of Osman. He was with us since Trieste. 
 Choksey took all his gear when he jumped. 
 -You get a lot of guys jumping ship? -Some. 
 Usually after a pay, which we made in Norfolk. 
 Choksey asked for an advance, which we did using ship's scrip. 
 Well, nothing here in the way of ID papers or money. He grabbed that at least. 
 Anybody else ask for advances while you were at sea? 
 More than usual. 
 -Yeah? -A few were coming back day after day. 
 Scripting more and more cash. We figured they were gambling in the holds. 
 Maybe not, right? 
 The can with the girls was in Bay 9 on the bottom outside. 
 -Did you check that bay? -I did. 
 It's full of cans for export, loaded in Hampton Roads. 
 No sign of anything but a fresh stack of containers. 
 If you hold us another day and bring in interpreters, they still won't say a damn thing. 
 The unwritten rule is that what happens below decks stays below decks. 
 [MIMICS FOREIGN SPEECH] 
 Sit up, Nicky, we got paying customers waiting. 
 Ashley, sit down. 
 You think I cut it too short? 
 Just don't make me look funny. 
 -Ashley's pre-school called. -They want more money? 
 Just what we owe 'em. And her teacher says... 
 Teacher? They ain't nothing but baby-sitters. 
 Whatever. Ashley's been talking in class about how Mommy and Daddy don't live together. 
 -Who asks them about that? -No one asks, she just talks. 
 Kids notice stuff like that, they talk. In elementary school, it's gonna be an issue. 
 By the time she gets that far, we'll be under the same roof. 
 You said that last Christmas. 
 Christ, Aimee, you pulling it out or cutting it? 
 Listen, Nicky, you wanna go get to someplace better, I'm with you. 
 You wanna keep on like this, then I gotta rethink stuff. 
 Do what you feel. 
 I'm telling you, as soon as I start getting more hours, first thing I do is get my own place. 
 You wanna move in with me, great. 
 You don't want to, at least I did my goddamn best. 
 Want a streak or something? I could put a little purple in it. 
 Yeah, and right after that, I'll just go ahead and stick my tongue up some guy's ass. 
 Got you good, huh? 
 You think? 
 No, I mean... Well, not really. If Evidence Control's the posting you want, then... 
 -Sorry, Lieutenant. -Fuck it, right? 
 We brought in the case at least. 
 Heard you were on the boat. 
 Ain't so bad. 
 How's Kima? 
 She's inside. Asset Forfeiture. And she's second year pre-law. 
 House cat. That ain't her. 
 -This comin' back? -Yeah. It's the Gant case right there. 
 Nathan told me to go find Omar this week or she drops charges. 
 -Got a line on him? -Haven't a clue. 
 Last thing I did was put him on a bus to New York. 
 You keep your head low, Lieutenant. A year or two, you'll be back in their favor. 
 Year or two and I'll be a lawyer. 
 I got 22 years in. I'm putting the papers in this week. 
 You're gone, huh? 
 What the hell am I doing down here with a law degree, right? 
 -You take care, McNulty. -You too. 
 [SIREN] 
 Kimmy, all I'm saying is, if you'd stop lightin' up all the damn time, you'll understand... 
 -I'm gonna light up... -It took us too long. 
 m*therf*cker, you know I love you, but if your ass don't get to finishing counting... 
 -Shit, you know I love you, but damn. -Almost five. 
 We got them M*therf*ckers good. 
 [THEY LAUGH] 
 Let's see them M*therf*ckers slip next time. 
 Who the f*ck is you? 
 Omar come a-calling. 
 Omar? 
 sh1t. 
 Ain't that nigger dead? I heard them project niggers lit him up. 
 I heard they ran his ass outta this town. 
 Spread the word, darlin', Omar back. 
 Look! Look at the way Crutchfield spelled "prostrate". Look at it. 
 "The above referenced victim was prostate on the floor." 
 "Prostate on the floor." 
 "Prostate on the floor." That's a victim, all right. That hurts bad! 
 -I love this job, I do. -Wanna hear about Philly, sarge? 
 Just the dirty parts. 
 The ship's a dead end. 
 The cargo bay that held our container is full of new boxes. Nothing to recover. 
 The sailors lied to us in every language past English. 
 Gibbering M*therf*ckers. 
 Sailing up the coast right now, laughing at us. 
 Is that it? 
 Two guys jumped ship. We'll put out teletypes in case that has anything to do with anything. 
 One left his gear. We kept that. 
 -Sounds like some weak-ass sh1t to me. -"Cause it is. 
 But your suspect had to be on the boat, right? And your boat has sailed. 
 Jay, what the f*ck were we supposed to do? 
 Hold the ship while we chat up a crew of 40 in 53 dialects? Come on. 
 Well, if that isn't the plan, what is? 
 Hmm? 
 -Officer... -Russell. 
 I am informed that you are detailed to this case as a liaison with the Port Police. 
 I also understand that you are the only help that your department is sending. 
 That's so. 
 Although there is some small charm to a woman in uniform, the fact remains we work plain clothes in Homicide. 
 Which is not to say that the clothes need be plain. 
 For you, I would suggest some pantsuits, perhaps muted in color to offset Detective Moreland's pinstriped, lawyerly affectations, and the tweedy impertinence of Detective Freamon. 
 Rawls is watching on this one. 
 Let's at least pretend we got a f*cking clue. 
 Tweedy impertinence? 
 I like that, know what I'm saying? 
 [LAUGHS] 
 -It's not here, Major. -I can see that. Where is it? 
 The Flex Squad used it last Tuesday. 
 The vehicle log says they parked it at 2200 hours, returning the keys to the OIC. 
 -And? -We have the keys. 
 But not the van. 
 Are you telling me that a fully-equipped $120,000 surveillance van assigned to the Southeastern District cannot be located? 
 [BEEPING] 
 Around the world in 880 days. 
 [TV ON IN BACKGROUND] 
 -Do we have a plan? -A plan? 
 For targeting this guy Sobotka. 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe find out where his union hangs. 
 Go there with a CI or two, make some hand-to-hands. 
 -How about some DNRs on his phones? -DNRs? 
 See who he's calling, look for a pattern. 
 Hand-to-hands for now, I think. 
 600 shares. 
 That's right. 
 This is too nice a block for a prison guard. 
 You couldn't pay me enough to work in no prison. 
 Yeah, right. I want you to drop all the cellular joints. 
 Yeah, all of 'em. Nokia, Motorola. 
 Listen to Stringer play Wall Street. 
 Alright, call me. 
 Yo, String, why are you so down on the phone companies, man? 
 A while back, I took a stroll through the Pit. 
 I saw that kid we got runnin' things down there. Poot. 
 He got the cell phone I gave him for the business on his hip, but the nigger got another cell phone that only ring when the pussy call. 
 If this no-account nigger got two cell phones, how the f*ck you gonna sell any more of them M*therf*ckers? 
 That's market saturation. 
 Lookee here. Lookee here. 
 -That Tilghman right there. -Dressed like a prison guard and all? 
 I see him. 
 Steel door. The boy on the step is all, though. 
 Stump is sitting in the front room window staring at the damn TV. 
 -Y'all saw that from the step? -There in his damn drawers. 
 [R & B IN BACKGROUND] 
 Rat make that trash, he home free. 
 Junk better get in closer if he want a shot at him. 
 -I got 20 on Mr. Rat. Anyone fade me? -Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. 
 -[SQUEAKS] -Move along. Come on, come on, get there. 
 -100 says it ain't over. -Shit, I got to take easy money. 
 What the f*ck? 
 -Motherfucker! -Sounds about over now, though. 
 -How did he know what the rat gonna do? -Junk do know his varmints! 
 [LAUGHS] 
 [CONTINUES LAUGHING] 
 [THUMPING R & B IN BACKGROUND] 
 What's wrong with you, boy? 
 Look, I done told you before, man, them two babies don't move me that way. 
 If I come up with a plan to do Stump without 'em, you'd cut 'em loose? 
 Now you gone and got strategic on me, huh? 
 We do like last time and wait for him to come out. 
 Only problem is Stump live in that rat hole, baby. 
 So he ain't got to bring the cash out. See what I'm saying? 
 Then we charge in, guns a-blazing. 
 Steel door, right? 
 Look, Dante, what's it gonna take for you to be convinced, man? I don't bag no babies. 
 Hmm? 
 What you think? 
 You gonna have to do better than that. 
 Oh, indeed? 
 I'm thinking, maybe do a quarter this time if it's not too much. 
 That a problem? 
 No, no. I'm just sayin', you back right quick with it. 
 Well, it ain't like them M*therf*ckers got anything else to do up in there, right? 
 -The sh1t is everyday, man. -Sound right. It count right? 
 Mm-hm. 
 Boy will bring it to you outside. 
 There's Tilghman. 
 -So, his sh1t comin' from Butchie, then? -Mm-hm. 
 -Alright. -Lyin' Butchie. 
 -Santa's elves are short. -Santa's elves aren't real. 
 The elves in Lord of the Rings are real elves. 
 -Real elves? -They should be short. 
 Dwarves are short, Hobbits are short. 
 Elves are tall and immortal. 
 If you weren't too scared to watch the movie, you'd know all about it, doofus. 
 -Bite me, dick-breath. -Sean, knock it off. 
 He started it. 
 OK, upstairs right away, brush your teeth, pajamas. It's a school night. Sean... 
 Can I tuck 'em in? 
 My lawyer will be sending you something in the mail. 
 -You're kidding? -It's not a divorce, it's a separation agreement. 
 -A separation agreement? -Just read it. OK? It's for the both of us. 
 -It's to protect the both of us. -This is about what? 
 It's just... 
 You should just read it, OK? 
 OK. 
 Another goddamn day we put our cards up and get nothin'. 
 -Zig, I don't know why I f*cking bother. -Yeah, tell me about it. 
 One ship today, nothing yesterday. 
 Wait for Thursday, a couple RO/ROs come in and congratu-fucking-lations, you grab a day. 
 Friday's quiet again. 
 Well, look at it this way, at least you get the day off. 
 Days off is the f*cking point, Zig. 
 I can't keep waking up in the morning not knowing if I'm gonna get paid. 
 I got a kid, right? I got a f*cking kid and a girl that wants to get married, for Christ's sake. 
 What the f*ck do you wanna get married for? 
 Not saying I do, but f*ck if I even could without no pot to piss in. 
 Aimee's like, "What's the plan?" You know? 
 And I'm down here wondering if I'm gonna get a day or two. 
 Hey, Aimee's sister broke up with Petie, right? 
 That's your problem, Zig. One of 'em. You let that thing of yours lead you around. 
 You know me. Whiskey, cock and five o'clock. 
 Get off. 
 Nicky, look, if it's money that you're worried about, sh1t, you know... 
 Let's pool a few dollars together. I'll get us hooked up with a little llello. 
 Turn it around, we'd make more money than we can down here all week. 
 I ain't standing on no corner like some f*cking project nigger so that I get popped for pocket change. 
 f*ck that sh1t, Zig. 
 Seriously. 
 -What are you gonna do? -I'll think of something. 
 11900 on that one. 
 We're looking for 14580 by the manifest. 
 Can't be. The numbers don't go that high. 
 You had to figure it would be this way, the way the port works. 
 Why have anything other than fake companies and addresses if you're moving contraband? 
 And on the other end, too, right? 
 You could work it back through Customs, but chances are this box wasn't picked up anywhere near this Rue de Rivoli address in Le Havre, France. 
 Hell, there might not even be a Rue de Rivoli in that town. 
 A can full of dead girls sent to nowhere from nowhere. 
 [FOGHORN] 
 -He been good business for me, though. -Yeah? 
 Two, three quarters a week. Mr. Tilghman's money always right, always on time. 
 That's why we comin' to you for the set-up. 
 -You the man to him. -I'm just saying... 
 I know, the money. You know we'll find a way to make that right. 
 But like I said, I'm not askin' for myself... 
 I'm asking for my man. 
 [JAZZ IN BACKGROUND] 
 -Avon's call, huh? -Wouldn't be here otherwise. 
 -Avon is Avon. -Always. 
 He probably gonna roll past tomorrow. 
 That would work. 
 It makes no sense to bring the girls all this way and then kill them. 
 You dump 'em on your old boss and here you are worrying the case. 
 -It's got me thinking, is all. -It's a little late for that, McNulty. 
 And what connects the one girl in the water with all the others in the can? 
 -If you're right and she isn't local... -She's definitely not local. 
 The low level of mercury viscosity in the amalgam restorations says Eastern Europe. 
 -If you say so. -Trust me, she's not from Dundalk. 
 Eastern Europe, huh? Can you narrow it down some? 
 How's this? Three of the dead girls were in Budapest, Hungary, sometime last year. 
 -How do you know that? -They bought tits there. 
 Three of the girls had breast enhancements. We looked at the bags during the post. 
 We pulled the serial numbers and they trace back to a plastic surgery clinic in Budapest. 
 Did you call 'em? Might get an ID from patient records. 
 The best they could tell me is that the implants were used this fall. 
 Three girls, three surgeries, same clinic, right? What else? 
 What else? f*ck you, Jimmy McNulty. 
 OK, you're a f*cking god. 
 There's no one in the game who can stand in your light, Dr. Frazier. 
 You have to admit that whole Budapest thing was a helluva pull. 
 -Hey, where's the paperwork on this guy? -I got it over here. 
 -Go on, what else? -Not much. 
 The swabs show that at least seven girls had vaginal intercourse within 24 hours of death. 
 Two had a**l, six came back positive on oral. 
 Whoa. 
 You tell Cole about all this? 
 I sent the preliminary findings up to Homicide, but Cole ain't on the case. 
 -No? Who is? -Your man Bunk and his partner. They ate it. 
 Thanks. 
 Hey, I told you I'd buy you a soda. 
 That better? 
 Now, look at me. Don't let those mean boys see you crying. 
 -OK? -OK. 
 I'll take care of you. 
 [TV] 
 Mr. Stump! 
 Mr. Stump. 
 Them boys been teasin' Chantelle again. 
 You know it. 
 [BLUES ON STEREO] 
 [STEREO OFF] 
 -Morning. -Morning. 
 -Hey, Bobby, how you been? -Not bad. 
 -Working the tier today? -Yeah, on J. 
 -Have a good one. -Yeah, you too. 
 Oh, you happy now, bitch? 
 How was I gonna know Landsman would pull Cole and stick you guys? 
 -You right here with 'em, huh? -What did he call Cole? 
 -Collateral damage. -I'm feelin' pretty damn collateral myself. 
 Which is why I went to see Doc Frazier and worked some things out. 
 McNulty could have paid this thing no mind. 
 But, no, when his friends are suffering, he bleeds, too. 
 Did you see the preliminary? 
 Positives for oral, vaginal, a**l. 
 No IDs, no passports, no visas, no real money 
 -and they're coming across the water. -Yeah. 
 -McNulty has a theory. -Does he now? 
 -You deductive m*therf*cker, you. -So he'll wander in here with some bullshit about how these girls all coming over here as prostitutes. 
 If they ain't got the cash to travel better than a container ship, they don't have the money to pay a plastic surgeon. 
 Then he's gonna say something about that one in the water being tossed off the ship after she's already dead from a beat-down. 
 But why has she got beat? 
 He'll ask us that like we don't know. 
 He'll answer his own question. 
 Her swabs are negative, right? 
 f*ck or fight with all them sailor boys. 
 -And she fought. -So it got a little rough. 
 She got banged around, she comes up dead. 
 Somebody panics, tosses her in the harbor overnight before the ship ties up. 
 -But the other girls saw. -So they get told to get back in that can. 
 And our man, to cover this sh1t up, he gets up on top and bangs down the air pipe. 
 [SIGHS] 
 -Anything else you want to tell us? -When did you guys get there? 
 Yesterday, when the first mate told us while the ship was at sea, half the crew asked for advances on their salary. 
 They had one helluva dice game going on or they popped them girls out of that can. 
 -You talk to the crew? -In what language? 
 -Crime scene? -Nope. 
 -Anybody missing? -Two guys jumped ship. 
 One in Philly, one in Norfolk. But that sh1t happens all the time, apparently. 
 -Got yourself a hell of a case. -Fuck you very much. 
 You know what happens to them girls if you don't ID them. 
 Anatomy Board as medical cadavers. 
 Then a crematorium, then a mass grave at Crownsville. 
 -That bothers you? -Yeah, a little. 
 Me too. 
 Thanks for hosting this, Father. 
 -Hope it helps. -You guys have done the background on this. 
 This is more presence than the port unions have shown in years. 
 -But is the Governor listening? -It's now or never for us. 
 Not just the grain pier, but with the dredging, 'cause whatever the engineers' study says, the fact is... 
 Excuse me, Bobby, I'll bring him right back. 
 -I need him to work the other side of the room. -No problem. 
 -You're wasting time here. -Huh? 
 Bobby's District 7, which is Middle River. 
 Every vote he gets have some kind of port connection. 
 He's a good vote, no matter what we do. 
 The guys to work are those who wouldn't have shown up if we hadn't thrown money at 'em. 
 -Like who? -John Carney from Anne Arundel. 
 Liz Tobin from Montgomery. Clay Davis. 
 Keep hold of them, some of your stuff stays. 
 -They're with us? -Carney's pretty firm. 
 Liz will stay solid if the environmentalists don't get to her. 
 Clay Davis... you wanna make sure you're the last man out of the room. 
 What do you mean? 
 We gave 40 large to the Westside Democratic Organization. 
 -This m*therf*cker still has his hand out. -We spent $40,000 on that guy? 
 Worth it, if he lets your project sail through committee. 
 -40 f*cking thousand? -Am I your lobbyist? Are you paying me? 
 Trust me. With the players in this room and a little help from the Governor's office, we might just squeeze some things out of this session. Go and make nice. 
 -Senator Davis. -Excuse me. 
 Hey, partner. 
 People tell me it might be a good year for the port. 
 Might be. You all have been steppin' up in a lot of ways. 
 Hope it continues like that. Y'all makin' friends in a lot of places, right? 
 We're friendly guys. 
 -[THEY LAUGH] -Clay. 
 So they came back murders, huh? I admit, I didn't see that coming at all. 
 Who could've seen that? 
 For whoever had these girls brought over, the net loss is in the millions. 
 That much? 
 One of these girls on the circuit, going up and down the East Coast can bring in half a million in a couple of years. 
 -That's just for club work and prostitution. -Somebody messed up. 
 -In a big way. -You called it. No such address in Le Havre. 
 Or, for that matter, anywhere in Brittany. 
 The ID of the driver who signed the bill of lading doesn't relate to their motor vehicle database. 
 Dead ends either way. 
 -The girls know what they're coming over for? -Some do. 
 Some get told they're just gonna dance or be secretaries. 
 They come from places that don't have much. Romania, Moldova, Russia, Albania. 
 40,000 or 50,000 undocumented women working in the US alone. 
 50,000? Jesus! 
 They need a whole new agency just to police 'em. 
 What they need is a union. 
 -To Stan and Kate. -Stan and Kate. 
 Happy anniversary! 
 Thanks a lot. 
 -Good time here, huh? -Yeah, Pop. 
 How's my detail coming? 
 Lieutenant Grayson, he's on top of things, right? 
 Burrell recommended him. Said he was really good at property crimes. 
 We... It's gonna take a while. 
 You think? Why? What are you doin'? 
 Not much. 
 We got no DNRs up. We're not looking at any union assets. 
 We're not collecting tag numbers. We're not looking for patterns. 
 That's what I've been trying to tell you about the Barksdale thing. 
 If you go in with the idea you just eat around the edges, you never get a meal. 
 Daniels and Freamon had us pulling all kind of stuff. 
 DMV records, phone logs, corporate charters, political campaign contributions. 
 If Burrell didn't break the case down so fast, we'd have brought back three or four million in real estate, not to mention the money those guys gave to political campaigns. 
 
 
 
 We were deep, really deep. 
 I've been trying to tell you, if it wasn't for Burrell, that would have been a major case. 
 [DOORBELL] 
 -Hey. -String. 
 You know, I just came to check up on you, see how you holdin' it down. 
 -I'm all right. -Where the little man at? 
 I just put him down. 
 You want somethin' to drink? 
 Do D'Angelo know what he's missing? 
 I'm sure he do. 
 [STEREO PLAYS SWEET THING BY CHAKA KHAN] 
 You just reminded me about something. 
 I can't deny ya Don't you hear me talking, baby? 
 Love me now or I'll go crazy Oh-oh, sweet thing Tag's still on it. 
 Dee bought it before he got stopped in Jersey. 
 Never been worn. 
 You know, it's a shame to let things go to waste. 
 You know you can give away the man's clothes, but that don't make him gone, right? 
 -I ain't forget him. -You ain't been to see him much. 
 -It's been hard. -It's been hard? It's been hard on him, too. 
 Lot of bad things caught up in a man's head when he's on lock-down. 
 Man need to see his baby mama, need to see his child, too. 
 Only one thing he needs to be secure about and, if not... 
 Then he might start thinking he can't do that time, and then we all got problems. 
 Do you understand me? 
 How you set here? The apartment, the car, the money's all right? 
 -It's good. -It's good? 
 Whoa-oh I know it's good. 
 You know what I'm talkin' about, right? 
 We all got a job to do and your job is to let D'Angelo know we still family. 
 It's important. 
 I'm an XL. 
 No doubt. 
 You are my heat, you are my fire You make me weak with strong desire To love you chile my whole life long Be it right or be it wrong I just want to satisfy ya Though you're not mine, I can't deny ya Don't you hear me talking, baby? 
 Love me now or I'll go crazy You are my heat, you are my fire You're not mine, I can't deny ya I can't deny ya Love me now or I'll go crazy You're my heat You're my fire Can't deny Love me now or I'll go crazy You're my heat, you're my fire You're not mine, I can't deny ya You're my sweet thing Sweet thing 
 -Your round, Jimmy. -Jesus. 
 I'll owe the baby-sitter half my salary if I don't throw myself out of here now. 
 -You got kids? -Two. 
 -Daddy working late, too? -Not a day in his goddamn life. 
 No, no, no, you barely made a dent. 
 -Night, gents. -Night. 
 -What's that about? -I don't know. 
 Here... I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. 
 -Solve the f*cking case? -Not a shot. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 -I'm gonna give this one a name. -A name? 
 She's not going out to Crownsville, this one. Not on me, she's not. 
 What are you gonna do with her? 
 Pay for a box and a mortician and ship her back to Europe? 
 -No, I'm gonna find where her people are at. -How does that matter? 
 You see, this is that Catholic sh1t, Jimmy. This is that little altar-boy guilt talking. 
 -What the f*ck I gotta feel guilty about? -Let me count the ways. 
 Good morning, Major. 
 What the... 
 "Wilmington"? Son of a bitch! 
 RADIO: Julie left the same time Frank? 
 Hey, Ring, how's it hanging? 
 Oh. 
 Not so good. 
 -Not right now. -Yeah? 
 Cry if I want to, cry if I want to I'm late on my dues. You know that, right? 
 You're late, yeah. 
 I'm parking that piece-of-shit Buick two blocks from the house, hoping for a lazy repo man. 
 That bad? I know you ain't been getting hours. 
 It's been slow. 
 -Five days last month. That's all. -Is that all? 
 Look, I got to sh1t or get off the pot here. 
 I'm gonna go with 47. 
 -Do me a favor... -Frank, you been fair, I ain't saying otherwise. 
 There's 60 checkers above me with more seniority and that's all she wrote. 
 Do me a favor. Go down Clement Street, give this to Dolores. 
 -Tell her you need a beer and a shot on me. -Frank, I... 
 Do that much. You have a round on me, you go home. 
 You wanna come in tomorrow, tell me you're going with 47, I'm with you on it. 
 Thanks. 
 Judy and Johnny just walked through the door Like a queen with her king Oh, what a birthday surprise 
 -Lane 4, you got a trucker's code and tag. -Truck 795 manifest number. 
 MAN: Keep the paperwork you got. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Pick me a winner, Johnny. 
 -You're ugly enough to be a Teamster. -Lick me, you whore! 
 It'll be up on wheels. K-row, slot 122. 
 Roger that. 
 Hey. 
 Look, misdelivery. Can was supposed to go ashore at Norfolk. 
 -Yeah, where you want it? -I'm gonna need it on wheels at K-122. 
 My man will pick it up there. Thanks, Horse. 
 [TRUCK RADIO PLAYS ROCK MUSIC] 
 Code is 1098, OK? 
 Wrong box, misdelivery. 
 No need to count, Butch. My sh1t always right. 
 Hearing. Hearing is believing! 
 Boy will meet you outside when you ready to roll. 
 I'm ready now. 
 [DOG BARKS] 
 No, dog, not from me you don't. 
 Later, Butchie. 
 Your man Avon ain't got no flex. 
 'Fraid not. 
 Who do you like better? Ultimate Spider-Man or regular Spider-Man? 
 -What's the difference? -I'll have to teach you everything. 
 Excuse me, gents. 
 What's up, man? How you liking the library? 
 It'll do. 
 It's easy on you. I know a lot of people put in for the gig, but the gig go to you. 
 -Funny how that go, huh? -Do you want me to say thanks? 
 Ain't gotta say sh1t, but take heed of what can be done for you if you keep your head straight. 
 You just full of favors, ain't you? 
 You shut your mouth and you open your mind, and you ain't gonna be doing but a small piece of this 20. 
 Just like I'm only gonna do a year or two on this seven, feel me? 
 I got priors. Best I can do is half. 
 That's 10. I can count to 10, yo. 
 Yo, some sh1t is comin' down, Dee, OK? 
 You need to think, you need to trust, and you need to get your head right. 
 -Man, my head is where I want it. -You look dusty lately. 
 So what? So what? What, you my mom up in here now? 
 Yo, man. 
 That's the weak man's road you're taking. 
 I ain't never seen you as weak. 
 I'm just... You know, every now and again. 
 That's all I got to get my head up outta this sh1t hole. 
 Ain't no more than that? If so, you should be able to give it a rest for a few days. 
 -'Cause it ain't no thing, right? -Yeah, it ain't no thing. 
 Then you gonna do that? 
 I'm askin' you, man, out of love. 
 There's always love, Dee. 
 [SIGHS] 
 All right. 
 Yeah. A few days. 
 Sure, a few days. 
 Right. 
 [SPEAKING GREEK] 
 [SPEAKING GREEK] 
 All right. What have you got? 
 All digital. 4 megapix, 16 megs of memory, 3-time optical, 4-time digital zoom. 
 -New on the market. -The Cadillac of cameras. 
 -How many? -400. 
 -You are talking a big number. -It's show time, baby. This ain't the WNBA. 
 I'm thinking with these features, this brand, I can get maybe 350 each at retail. 
 -All right, cool. -Nope, not cool. 500. 
 Eh? 
 Yes. See, I've been calling some of the local chain stores. Best Buy, Circuit City. 
 This model goes for 550. 500 when they're on sale. 
 OK. 500. 
 Times 400 units, that comes to... 
 It's 200,000. 
 -What are you looking for? -20 per cent. 
 -[LAUGHS] -There's three of us. 
 I want a woman with thin ankles, but I'm going to go home tonight and there's going to be my wife. 
 Eight per cent. 
 16,000. 
 That's over $5,000 apiece for you and your friends. 
 $20,000. 
 Up front. 
 Because I like you. 
 Oh, look at that, it's a Kodak moment in the house! 
 Malaka! 
 I got to run this by my people. They OK it, I'm going to give you a call. 
 All right, cool. 
 -Did you see that? -Yeah. 
 You gonna insult my ace, you check-and-raise piece of sh1t? 
 -Fuck you, Augie, see it or fold. -I'll see it and raise you back. 
 -Talk to me. -'Tenshun! 
 -Where's the lieutenant? -He's... 
 On the street. 
 [TALK RADIO BLARES] 
 I'm not a politician. I wouldn't even know how to count the votes. 
 Maybe they know it's our time. 
 Hey. Hey, Tony. 
 Too soon to call you Commissioner? 
 Excuse me one sec. 
 -You sent me humps. -Major? 
 You sent me a detail of humps. 
 -We can discuss this tomorrow. -No, I think we discuss it now. 
 Or I'm gonna walk in there and tell Santoni to vote against this goddamn coronation. 
 And more than that, I'm gonna talk some sh1t to some of my friends about what happened at the end of the Barksdale case. 
 -Do you hear me on that? -That case was a successful prosecution. 
 Up until our people tried to chase the cash. 
 We have a quorum, I believe. Council members can take their seats now. 
 Tell you what, Deputy, you probably got enough votes, -but I can make it uglier than you want it. -What do you want, Stan? 
 I want a real detail with real police and a real unit commander. 
 -Fine. Done. -Get that black lieutenant that did Barksdale. 
 Daniels put in his papers. He's gone, out the door. 
 Did he meet the Pension Board yet? 
 -I suggest you talk to the man. -I'll do what I can. 
 Don't f*ck with me, Erv. I got as many friends here in the hall as you do. 
 With what I'm learnin' about the Barksdale case, I got all kind of sh1t I can throw. 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo. 
 -Lock-down in 20. -All right. 
 [STEREO PLAYS HIP-HOP] 
 [BUZZER] 
 Yo, what's up, Ice? 
 -You done with that "Green Lantern"? -You can read it, but I want it back. 
 -You hit Dee? -Dee ain't up. 
 [BUZZER] 
 400 good cameras, Spiros. 
 Poli orea. 
 -Who brought them in? -The young stevedore, Niko. 
 And that idiot cousin of his. 
 [SPEAKING GREEK] 
 And I think he uses, too. 
 Stefanos. 
 I don't give a damn nothing about him. 
 I'm paying 10 cents on the dollar for the cameras. 
 We're going to clear, what, 180,000. 
 -What about Niko? -He's smart. 
 Make the deal. 
 -What the hell's wrong with you tonight? -What? 
 You're acting normal. 
 You know what, Dolores? 
 -I made money today. -Yeah? What ship was in? 
 Hey, Zig. 
 Shot and a beer, Dolores. 
 Frank Sobotka says I needed it. 
 [GROANS] 
 -What's this? -Your change. Or so says Frank Sobotka. 
 -Sure? -It ain't mine, for Christ's sake. 
 If you don't take it, someone else is gonna. 
 Your pop's a good man, Zig. 
 MAN: Hey! 
 Yo, up here! 
 [THUD] 
 Help! 
 [ALARM] 
 [SHOUTING] 
 Hey, TC. Yo, TC, what's up? 
 -Yo, what's going on? -They falling out. 
 What? 
 Yo, what the f*ck is going on? 
 Bad package, yo. Hot shot. 
 [REGGAE] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 