Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Sentencing - The Wire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Sentencing https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1002&t=42341 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/12/21 18:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Sentencing 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Hey, now. 
 We called earlier. They said you were up but by the time we get here, you back asleep. 
 Been there long? Nah. 
 20 minutes. 
 You know, we didn't want to, uh, exactly disturb you. 
 I'm bored, is all. 
 Yeah, but still. 
 So what you got for me? 
 Spreads? 
 Yeah. 
 Little Man. For sure. 
 That's good. Are you able to write? 
 OK. Number two. 
 I can make Little Man. 
 Cos he's, uh...in the front trying to snatch the cash off the dashboard. 
 But the other one, he's outside in the dark. 
 So... So, you know, it's OK. It's OK. 
 Uh... 
 Is there anyone here that you do recognize? 
 Sure. Wee-Bey. 
 All right. 
 Let me tell you where we're coming from with the shooters. 
 We tracked their escape route. Landsman came up with their hoodies. 
 Now, DNA matched human hair from one of the hoodies to Wee-Bey. 
 Freamon tracked a call from the pay phone near the scene to Stringer Bell's pager. 
 The caller was using Bey's beeper code. 
 Crime lab, they lift a print off a soda can near that phone and that matches Little Man. 
 You know, so, I'm saying, uh... 
 OK, hear me out. 
 There's a downside here. 
 We don't have the guns, no prints from the scene, no witnesses. 
 Worse, we're going to be dealing with a Baltimore jury. 
 A good man is hard to find in this town. 
 12 of them together, especially. 
 An ID of both your shooters will play a whole lot easier come trial. 
 You know... sometimes niggers just gotta play hard. 
 If you walk through the garden You'd better watch your back Well, I beg your pardon Walk the straight and narrow track If you walk with Jesus He'll save your soul You gotta keep the devil Down in the hole All the angels sing About Jesus' mighty sword And they shield you with their wings Keep you close to the Lord Don't pay heed to temptation For his hands are so cold You gotta keep the devil Way down in the hole 
 Way down in the hole Way down in the hole Way down in the hole Way down in the hole 
 We got everyone on our list except CCO. 
 We hit his mama's house and she says that he went up to Wabash for some court date. 
 Get on the computer and see if the Sheriff's deputies can snatch him up in a courtroom. 
 Yeah. 
 No, we got Ronnie Mo. I'm looking at him go in the jail van right now. 
 All right. 
 Fished our limit. Let's go home. Sir. 
 Huh? "Let's go home, sir." 
 You're looking at a soon-to-be-made sergeant. 
 What I'm saying is, when we're around troops, get used to showing respect. 
 So, "Let's go home, sir." All right? 
 What's the count? 
 So far we've picked up 12. That leaves seven on the wing. 
 Anything worthwhile? 
 Some phone numbers that match, scraps of nicknames. 
 We need something. They'll shut us down unless we come up with something fresh. 
 The wires are dead. The bug in the club is useless. 
 They're moving out. 
 To where? No clue. 
 But they're going to have to set up again. 
 Either Barksdale moves to reset his distribution or he gives up. 
 If not Avon, then Stringer. Why not Avon? 
 With no priors, he's out two hours after the bail review. 
 What we put on Barksdale barely makes him break stride. 
 So we get a hint of where they're setting up. 
 We ask for a new bug, maybe even a wire if we get onto a phone. 
 Not while the deputy breathes air. 
 We'll be reassigned before you finish your affidavit. 
 How about the feds? 
 You think the deputy'll let you take this federal? 
 Why does the deputy need to know? 
 McNulty, you are a piece of work. 
 Yep. 
 McNulty. 
 Yeah? 
 No sh1t. 
 No f*cking sh1t. 
 It's Rhonda Pearlman. 
 She just got a call from a public defender in North Jersey who claims to represent D'Angelo Barksdale. 
 Meet me in Homicide. Bring a tape recorder. 
 No drug lawyers? No Levy? 
 Case got some legs on her, don't she? Don't she? 
 Quarter of a million dollars bail. You believe that sh1t? 
 It hurts to show that kind of money. 
 Where Levy at? He ain't at the club, is he? 
 Club's out. We can't talk there no more. 
 Come on, man, let's get out of here. What's up, baby? 
 So, this is it? 
 Before you go anyplace, before you talk anyplace, we got to think this through. 
 We're up to almost 20 arrests at last count. 
 And if you look at the probable cause, they read like yours - information from a confidential source. 
 This seems too much for one snitch. 
 I agree. My gut tells me a wire. 
 Either a phone or two, or maybe something in a room somewhere. 
 You talk to your nephew on the phone? 
 Of course not. No phones. When we talk, it's face-to-face, in the back of the club. 
 f*ck. It's good you moved out. 
 I don't know. I mean, if they got a mic in there, they got you and me saying all kinds of sh1t. 
 That reminds me. He said he'd be in tonight. 
 Thing is, they take you and leave me? That's what's f*cking me up too, man. 
 We'll know as soon as I start pressing for discovery. 
 What about the people they locked up? 
 We got to pull them. That's showing a lot of money. 
 If we don't, we run the risk of making them enemies. 
 Speaking of which, where are you with your nephew? 
 Is he going to see the light? 
 Let me tell you something, man. He's family, all right? He not going to buck. 
 A day or two in the bullpen, he's gonna be crying, waiting for bail like the rest of them. 
 All right. 
 Let's run the money through the families, that'll hide it some. 
 And don't use the same bondsman. All right. 
 Look, gentlemen. I want you to start thinking about who was charged and what kind of time they can do. 
 One way to limit your exposure is what's called a structured plea. 
 That means you have to deliver your people, all of them, down to a man. 
 I saw your girl today, for the idents. 
 How's she doing? 
 OK, I guess. She's out of the ICU. 
 Moving slow, but moving, you know? 
 Jimmy, you ain't been to see her? 
 No. I couldn't go in. 
 This ain't about you, right? 
 When I get back from Jersey, I will. 
 I will. 
 You know, Cole and me, we showed her the spreads. 
 Picked out Little Man, no problem. Wouldn't go for Wee-Bey. So I tried the fat finger. 
 Damn near begging her to make this play easier in court. You know what she said? 
 "Sometimes niggers gotta play hard." 
 Real police. Oh, yeah. 
 What the f*ck did you do to her? I don't know. 
 You two in the same car gonna make for a long-ass drive to Jersey. 
 sh1t. 
 Is this mahogany? This isn't mahogany, for Christ's sake. 
 "Is this mahogany?" 
 Damn, man, it's just...it's too still in here. 
 Slow down! 
 You know what? We can... 
 This place will be fine. 
 All we really got to do is put a little safe in here someplace and let them know the count comes here from now on. Period. 
 Damn, boy. When y'all change up, y'all... Shh. 
 Y'all that paranoid? You ain't even been up in there before. 
 I'm telling you, this sh1t is different. 
 We are not going to talk about nothing indoors. It's a new day. 
 We got to get back on our feet. 
 The longer we hold off, the harder it's going to be to maintain them towers. 
 You want to get it back up, lean to me and String. 
 I ain't down yet. You need to step back. 
 You can't take a second chance here. You know what I'm saying? 
 Until you fixed, sis going to handle that money, I'm going to handle the products. 
 We here for you. All right. 
 But you tell Roberto, he got to make it a serious smoker. 
 I want them motherfucking fiends in the projects dropping like flies. You feel me? 
 You send out the word, let them know we ain't dead yet. 
 What about my nephew? Don't fret. 
 Give me a chance to get with Roberto, and I'll get up to D. 
 Do what needs doing. 
 Tell him I'm sorry for putting him out there like that and that I'm going to make it up to him. 
 You going to make it up. 
 Most def. 
 I want to make it clear that the cooperation is contingent on a commitment that my client finds acceptable. 
 Failing that, everything said in here stays in here. 
 Damn straight. 
 A proffer in Maryland plays much the same in Jersey. 
 I agree that with regard to matters involving drug trafficking, your client has been helpful. 
 He's indicated a willingness to testify that he was a lieutenant in Avon Barksdale's drug organization, sold large quantities of drugs for his uncle. 
 Delivered money, attended meetings, and, on one occasion, made a trip to New York on the behest of his uncle. 
 All of which corroborates much of what we already know. 
 What else is there? 
 The murders. 
 Man, why do you keep on that? 
 I already told you, I don't know nothing about that witness being killed. 
 Which witness? 
 Remember her? 
 Jesus. 
 They did her? About the same time they did the boy. 
 All them bodies. 
 They covering up, man. That's what we think. 
 No loose ends. I can understand the guard. 
 She got paid, so she had to go. 
 Orlando, he knew too much, got to snitching, so he had to go. 
 But then there's the kid... 
 Wallace. 
 'I need to go past Argyle Street tonight. Check in with Wallace. 
 'He off the hook since we helped the tower crew, get that stick-up boy. 
 'Wallace is bugging. 
 'Don't hardly even come out of that room no more.' 
 'Why he be like that?' 'He might be getting high. 
 'The boy's scaring me with his sh1t.' 
 'All right, holler at me later.' 'That'll work.' 
 You got that sh1t on tape? 
 Mm-hm. 
 God! His name is Brandon Wright. 
 Burned him, broke fingers, gouged an eye out, all kinds of fun. 
 Wallace was the one who saw. 
 He saw the boy. 
 But he didn't think about what they'd do. 
 You must have known. You were by that pay phone. 
 You knew. What was I going to do, huh? 
 I don't call String, word get back uptown, what's going to happen then? 
 So you told Wallace to wait, then you called Stringer and he gathered the troops. 
 Yeah. 
 And down at the Greek's, they got Wallace to point the finger. 
 Then they went in like cops with handcuffs, so they could take their time on Brandon. 
 They dropped the body where we'd see it. 
 "Send a message to the 'jects," they said. 
 Wallace...he couldn't handle that. 
 After seeing that, he wanted to get out, go back to school. 
 We even joked about it, him being 16 and all, needing to go start back over again as a freshman. 
 About a week ago, my uncle and String called me down to the club. 
 Stringer, he's all worried about Wallace, and I told him. 
 I said, "Wallace ain't no snitch." 
 Plus, he's out the f*cking game. 
 I told him that. 
 But I needed to do more. 
 I should've done more. 
 But I didn't, and, f*ck, that's on me. 
 Any idea who they sent at Wallace? 
 Come on, D. Wild guess. 
 Man, I don't know, could've been anybody. You know, shooters come cheap. 
 I don't think so. Not in the Pit. 
 Not in his crib. I counted seven beds when I was up there. 
 Where were the young 'uns? Look, if I knew, I would tell you. 
 All right? I swear to God, I would tell you. 
 They're charged with Orlando and the undercover cop but we're still hunting. 
 Him, he in Philly. 
 How you know? Cos I dropped him there. 
 Where? A corner, North end, I don't know. 
 Did Wee-Bey say anything to you about the shootings? 
 We don't talk shop in a car. It's a rule we got. 
 So, is that it? 
 Your client must realize that any agreement is dependent on his full cooperation. 
 There ain't nothing else. 
 Diedre. 
 Tap, tap, tap. 
 She was one of my uncle's girls. 
 We got people who put you with her the night she's killed. 
 I didn't know that he was gonna do her. I swear. They played me. 
 How so? 
 My uncle gave me an eight-ball of coke. Told me to take it over there to her. 
 I was surprised, cos I thought he dumped her. 
 But he said it wasn't like that no more. 
 So, he had Wee-Bey take me over there. 
 I walked up, knocked on the door, she came to the door naked, with this little robe on. 
 She's your uncle's girl but she comes to the door naked? 
 She used to do that sh1t with me all the time, man. 
 Teasing. You know how girls do. Maybe you don't. 
 I don't know. 
 Anyway, I'm like, "Ain't you going to let me come in?" 
 She's like, no. She gotta get ready for my uncle to come by later. 
 So, I give her the coke. 
 She laughs about how she's going to put that sh1t on ice, for later on. 
 Refrigerate it. Uh-huh. 
 I don't know sh1t about no refrigerator. Like I said, I didn't go in. 
 I turned around, started walking back to the truck and I heard this shot. 
 Wee-Bey came running back with this big-ass .45 he liked so much. 
 Tells me how he was tapping on the window, real soft. 
 She had to walk all the way up cos she couldn't see what was on the outside. 
 And when she gets up to the window and looks out... 
 You did good, D'Angelo. Yeah, you did. 
 Y'all don't understand, man. 
 Y'all don't get it. 
 I grew up in this sh1t. 
 My grandfather was Butch Stamford. 
 You know who Butch Stamford was in this town? 
 Mm-hm. 
 All my people, man, my father, my uncles, my cousins... 
 It's just what we do. 
 You just live with this sh1t until you can't breathe no more. 
 I swear to God, I was courtside for eight months and I was freer in jail than I was at home. 
 What are you looking for? 
 I want it to go away. 
 I can't. I want what Wallace wanted. 
 I want to start over. 
 That's what I want. I don't care where. Anywhere. I don't give a f*ck. 
 I just want to go somewhere where I can breathe like regular folk. 
 You give me that... 
 and I'll give you them. 
 No, that's great. Really great. 
 Yeah. 
 That's our move. 
 Mm-hm. 
 OK. 
 We broke it open tonight. Wide open. I'm bringing this case in big. 
 So, this squares things with Burrell, right? 
 To hell with the man. 
 But we might have enough to reach out to the feds. Try to run this thing through them. 
 Cedric. He knows about the money, Marla. 
 He's known for a long while. 
 Fact is, I wouldn't be surprised if it's why he picked me for this case. 
 What does he...? What are you going to...? 
 He's got me if he wants me. Thing is, I don't think he wants me. 
 Too much stink. 
 Too much mess. 
 Kind of like this case. 
 I have to admit it, Jimmy. This is a great case. 
 Not just because of Greggs, it goes to that and answers that. 
 Because of how deep it goes. 
 I mean, the murders, the money... 
 I feel like I've been drunk since that kid started talking to us. 
 You OK to drive? I can drop you home. You can pick up your car tomorrow. 
 No, I'm good, I'm good. 
 I'm great, I'm great. This was f*cking great! 
 You want to try to go federal with this? I am up for it. 
 I get cross-designated as an AUSA, and we can really run with it, you know? 
 Career f*cking case. 
 Mm. 
 Anyway... 
 Ronnie, the thing at, um... Levy's the other day, I was, uh... 
 I was... 
 Jesus, Ronnie, not here. What are you doing? 
 Like you never did it in the headquarters garage before? 
 Jesus, Mary and Joseph. 
 Look what just walked in without a f*cking escort. 
 Downtown Roy Brown, the living legend in his own mind. 
 Uptown Lester Freamon. 
 f*ck me, how long's it been? 
 Your retirement party, wasn't it? And this is retirement? 
 Yeah. Nice f*cking digs, huh? 
 I asked my supervisor when I'll see a little sunlight. 
 Runt cocksucker says, "When your unit turns a profit." 
 But enough of my joy. 
 What do you guys need? 
 We need a trap and trace but not in Maryland. 
 Pennsylvania, Philly. You got to go through them. 
 They'll tell us it can't be done. Then another week to OK our subpoena. 
 It's more complicated than a straight-up trace. 
 We need a list of phones in Philly that called this number in the past week. 
 What's the number? Drug lawyer, downtown office. 
 Thought Billing would be the place to look. 
 Well, if we can do it, and I'm not saying we can, it's going to be a f*cking week, maybe two. 
 Thanks, Roy. 
 Hey, Lester. 
 Isn't this supposed to be the time you tell me how f*cking important this is? 
 The Philly number gives us the mope who shot that female undercover. 
 I'm telling you, it's the perfect case. 
 You'll love it. It sounds great. 
 But like I said, we're not fishing for drug cases anymore. 
 Try DEA. 
 It's too close to our CID. Our bosses would know we've gone there before a meeting. 
 Your bosses don't know you're doing this? 
 Who'll be coming? 
 Me, a detective name of Freamon, and Daniels. 
 I can speak for Daniels, brother. He's played this thing out with real heart. 
 Come on, set something up. 
 All right. 
 Could I get ten copies? 
 Ten copies? Ten, right. 
 No problems? 
 No. 
 No? 
 All right, man, I'll get at you. 
 Yo, you locked that door, right? Yeah? 
 All right, so listen. It's not street-ready, all right? 
 Everybody's gonna work on their own cut. 
 Now, listen to me, tell them to get this straight. 
 Three parts of this, all right? To one of raw, all right? 
 That's how we gonna do until we get the new stash. 
 I want you to put the word out there that we back up. 
 Understand me? We back up. 
 It's a good target. You guys have a pretty good case here. 
 Look at the violence alone. There's a dozen murders, including state's witnesses. 
 If you help us squeeze the Barksdale kid into a witness protection program, we can run wild. 
 No suppliers though. We're still looking for a way into that. 
 There was nothing on the wire that took us toward New York. 
 The trouble is, we have these post-9/11 protocols. 
 We can't pick up any new narcotics work unless it goes to priority crime targets. 
 Meaning Cosa Nostra or Colombians. Or Russians maybe. 
 We don't have Colombians in Baltimore. We don't have any wise guys. 
 All we got is locals busy tearing the Westside apart. 
 I hear you but the Bureau-wide protocol applies. 
 To run with you on this, we need a recognized OC target or a connect to counterterrorism or corruption. 
 You go near stuff like that, we have something we can bring to our ASAC. 
 What kind of corruption? Don't know. What kind you got? 
 Yo, Poot, we up yet? 
 Where Roc-Roc at with the sh1t? Package in. 
 Who is it? Onion and them off-brand niggers. 
 Onion? 
 What the f*ck they got? Some sh1t they call yellow tops. 
 Got them yellow tops, y'all. Yellow tops. 
 Yellow tops, yellow tops. 
 m*therf*cker, what the f*ck is up? Huh? 
 What the f*ck is y'all doing? Do what you feel. But be ready to finish what you start. 
 What you doing? This ain't no open market. 
 Ain't no market at all. You ain't got sh1t to sell. Back your ass up for those that do. 
 You know what? What? 
 Get the f*ck out of here, bitch! Get your ass outta here! 
 See, that's why we can't win. Why not? 
 They f*ck up, they get beat. We f*ck up, they give us pensions. 
 Close it! Get the f*ck out of here! 
 Heard you ain't much as an eyeball witness. 
 Bad as any civilian. 
 Guess so. 
 Where we at? 
 With what? With the case, fool. 
 Jesus, give it a rest. 
 What's on the wire? 
 Come on, man. Wire's dead. 
 They changed up after we hit them with raids. 
 Daniels didn't tell you? 
 Hell, no. 
 He only talks to me about the good sh1t. 
 About how y'all were onto my shooters and stuff. 
 Yeah, well, we lost the wire, but the good news is D'Angelo's flipped. 
 We're talking to the feds about... 
 f*ck both y'all. 
 She wants me to quit. 
 Says there ain't nothing worth this. 
 So, I promised her I'd think about it. 
 What do you say? 
 I don't know. I... 
 I guess you should do what you need to. 
 But she's right. 
 It isn't worth it. 
 No? 
 Yeah. 
 Probably not. 
 Anyway, what took you so long getting up in here? 
 sh1t. No cards, no flowers. 
 I mean, what the f*ck, Jimmy? 
 I couldn't, I... 
 I felt, uh... 
 A case like this, it's always you or Sydnor or some other black cop who ends up going undercover. 
 I swear, if I could do it over... 
 If I... 
 If I could do it over... 
 you know what I'd do? 
 Put more tape on that f*cking gun. 
 I'm sorry, Kima. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Anyway, since I got you up in here acting like my bitch and sh1t... 
 ..with all your guilty-ass crying and whatnot... 
 ..maybe you can do something for me. 
 She said you were doing good. Said she was proud of you. 
 How's she doing? 
 Still shook. 
 But she wanted you to have that and told me to tell you she's sorry to be late with it. 
 Girl got such heart, you know? 
 Yeah. 
 This is enough for what I got going on now, man. 
 You give the rest back to her. 
 Are you sure? 
 Give her my love. 
 Right. 
 Hey, McNulty. 
 Don't tell her. 
 What you got, man? Over there, man. 
 Un-fucking-believable. Five guys got jumped. Not just you. 
 Four other guys jumped me. I'm sorry, man. 
 It's got to be all the brutality complaints. It'll never matter how well I do on no test. 
 You don't know that. You might make the next list, you know? 
 You don't know. Yeah. 
 Guess I ain't leadership material. Congratulations, Carv. 
 Thanks. 
 Yeah. 
 The world is on its ass. 
 Guy called for you from the phone company. 
 He's got the number for a house in Philadelphia. 
 Beautiful, thank you. 
 Good casework. Thank you. 
 I don't think I'm giving anything away by telling that Arnold has had a file on Senator Davis for two years. 
 It took us a while, but the quid pro quo is in that Westside redevelopment mess. 
 Barksdale or his fronts grease enough city politicians and word comes back years in advance where the development zone's gonna be. 
 He buys every piece of garbage real estate he can, exaggerates the values. 
 The city's gonna pay him millions to condemn the properties. 
 It's a lot to work with, but we're willing. 
 The question is, can your cooperator give us the senator or any other political figure? 
 The cooperator? D'Angelo Barksdale. 
 What does he have for us on the money? 
 Nothing. 
 He gives you the drugs and the violence. 
 He gives you Avon Barksdale, Stringer Bell. 
 And they give us the senator. Maybe. 
 Whoa, whoa, you're making Barksdale and Bell cooperators and the politicians the target? 
 Of course. 
 f*ck the politicians. It's Barksdale and Bell. 
 They turned West Baltimore into a free-fire zone. 
 
 
 
 No one's saying they walk. 
 But if we bring you the case, you'll let Barksdale and Bell reduce any sentence they get through cooperation? 
 Jesus Christ, are you kidding? You're seeing all this ass-backwards. 
 We have a mandate to pursue political corruption. 
 Can you believe these guys? Jimmy, look. 
 Drugs and murder don't cut it anymore? How about terrorism? 
 These guys have dropped 14, 15 bodies. The witnesses, cooperators. 
 That kind of hyperbole doesn't serve anyone, Detective. 
 I think we're going with a different direction on this. 
 Thank you for your time. 
 West Baltimore is dying and you empty suits are running around trying to pin some politician's pelt to the wall. 
 Thought you was real police, brother. 
 So, they got you all the way out here? 
 I started out thinking you was in Jersey. 
 You ain't in Jersey, I figured they still got you down in Central Booking. 
 All the way out here... 
 Do send a message, though. A message needs sending. 
 How y'all even find me? 
 Ain't no one going to keep a mother from her son, right? 
 You know, he always talking family. 
 "Family is the heart," he say. 
 Well, I'm family, ain't I? 
 Well, what about me for once? 
 It ain't right. 
 What's right? 
 Hmm? 
 You like for him to step up, take all the weight, and let you walk? 
 Because he will. You know he will. 
 But if he got to go away that mean you got to step up and fill his shoes. 
 You ready for that? 
 Ma, you know I ain't. 
 I ain't ready, and I'm never gonna be ready. 
 D, come on. Look. 
 They're giving me a chance to walk away to start again someplace else. 
 And what you giving them? 
 Look... 
 He messed up, D. He knows it. 
 Now if you want to get even with him, you can. 
 But you hurt him, you hurt this whole family. All of us. 
 Me and Trina and the cousins. 
 And Donette too. And your baby. Your own baby boy. 
 This right here is part of the game, D. 
 And without the game, this whole family would be down in the f*cking Terrace living off scraps. 
 We probably wouldn't even be a family. 
 Start over, huh? 
 How the f*ck you going to start over without your peoples? 
 Without your own child, even? 
 You ain't got family in this world, what the hell you got? 
 This m*therf*cker Wee-Bey twitches, there won't even be a trial. 
 Detective Carver, a word. 
 Shut the door. 
 What's up, LT? 
 Anything you want to tell me? 
 Been weeks now. 
 The deputy ops knows what's going on in this unit almost before I do. 
 Except last week, we run the bug up into Barksdale's club office and Burrell, for once, he's a step behind. 
 You see it? 
 Maybe...he... I see it. 
 I look around the office and I see that one of my people is at the academy for in-service. 
 Lieutenant, I swear, it wasn't my idea. 
 I'm minding my business, doing my job when the man calls me for coffee and a Danish. 
 I never been on the eighth floor of that f*cking building. 
 And there's the deputy f*cking ops telling me how concerned he is about the case, how he needs to be informed. 
 I mean, he's the Deputy f*cking Ops, man. 
 Couple weeks from now you're gonna be in some district somewhere with 11 or 12 uniforms looking to you for everything. 
 And some of them are going to be good police. 
 Some of them will be stupid, a few will be pieces of sh1t. 
 But all of them will take their cue from you. 
 You show loyalty, they learn loyalty. 
 Show them it's about the work, it will be. 
 Show them some other kind of game, then that's the game they'll play. 
 I came on in the Eastern. 
 A piece-of-shit lieutenant was hoping to be a captain, piece-of-shit sergeants hoping to be lieutenants. 
 Pretty soon we had piece-of-shit patrolmen trying to figure the job for themselves. 
 And some of what happens then is hard as hell to live down. 
 Comes a day you're going to have to decide whether it's about you or about the work. 
 Grand jury came in Tuesday. 
 But you knew that, right? 
 We're working a flight warrant today. 
 There's... 
 There's a lot to do here, in-office. 
 I'd be careful with that, though. 
 I understand the trigger pull used to be light. 
 Keep him down, keep him down. 
 You got him? Get him up there, get him up there. 
 Oh! Oh! 
 Bunch of low-bottom bitches. 
 Get his wrists. You didn't have to f*ck with my ride. 
 You M*therf*ckers got lucky. 
 Yeah? 
 Podunk lawyer in Denton's giving the guards a hard time about moving D'Angelo from original jurisdiction. 
 Put the call through. 
 OK. 
 Officer Mace, ASA Pearlman. You got a problem with the lawyer? 
 OK, put the asshole on. 
 This is he. 
 You do not make it easy, Jimmy. I have to admit, I am deeply ambivalent. 
 Excuse me? Sit. 
 Sit. 
 Here. I heard from Bunk. 
 Philly. Great work. 
 You all did great work. And the number of clearances I'm looking at here... 
 Christ, for the first time this year, we got the clearance rate up over 40%. 
 That's on the one hand. 
 On the other hand, the deputy ops got a call from the deputy US attorney asking whether an asshole such as yourself really works for us. 
 This is the first the deputy hears his troops are creeping behind his back to take a case federal when they were told it was closed. 
 You're a good detective. 
 And I've got to admit you got some stones on you. 
 Did you actually call the first deputy an empty suit? 
 I want to see you land OK, Jimmy. 
 So, tell me, where don't you want to go? 
 You all know that Baltimore city jurors are capable of just about anything. 
 If you want to spend months going through a bunch of half-heard telephone conversations and see how well you do, I'll certainly respect the effort. 
 It's not just talk on the wire. We've got money and lot of dope on the table. 
 And a lot of violence. 
 All of which stops way short of Mr. Barksdale. You know this. 
 All of it except for the New Jersey bust. That one he eats. 
 Maybe he does. Maybe he pleads to one count of attempted possession and takes, I don't know, maybe three, four. 
 Maybe he can arrange for everyone you have on those tapes to follow suit. 
 Maybe you get five-year pleas from those with no prior felony convictions. 
 Ten years for those with one prior, 15 for two or more. 
 What about the murders? 
 We acknowledge you've got Mr. Brice cold for the murder of Orlando and the wounding of the police officer. Who? 
 Wee-Bey. 
 Representing Mr. Brice, I'm fairly confident that to avoid the death penalty, he'll proffer to at least a half-dozen of your open murders. 
 Naming co-conspirators? 
 For that kind of cooperation, I'd consider straight life. 
 I believe Mr. Brice is ready to take sole responsibility for all of his crimes. 
 Still, you walk away with at least a half-dozen clearances. 
 Assets. 
 Take the strip club, whatever trucks and cars you can link to the drugs, and whatever cash you've seized. 
 He's got dozens of other properties. The funeral parlor, the towing company. 
 You get the cars, because you can tie them to illegal activity. 
 There's nothing else of his to take. 
 So you keep the money, the real estate, and Stringer Bell stays on the street with his hand on the throttle. 
 If you have a charge against Mr. Bell, file it. 
 Otherwise, I understand that nothing in all those hours of tape implicates him. 
 Three or four years ain't enough, Maury. 
 Not for Avon Barksdale. 
 No? 
 Make an offer. 
 'Part 14 of the circuit court of Baltimore City now in session.' 
 Be seated. First up. 
 State versus Avon Randolph Barksdale, Your Honor. 
 One count of possession with intent to distribute, to wit, a kilogram of heroin. 
 You have a statement of facts? Mr. Barksdale is offering a plea of guilty in exchange for a maximum of seven years in DOC in consideration of the following facts - on or about the date of September 17, 2002, in the jurisdiction of Essex County, Trooper Robert Warren of the New York barracks effected a traffic stop on a Ford Taurus traveling southbound near Exit 13. 
 It resulted from information gleaned from surveillance of Mr. Barksdale and his nephew, D'Angelo Barksdale, by detectives assigned to a detail under the command of a narcotics supervisor. 
 A search of the vehicle, rented from the Avis location at BWI Airport, revealed that a kilogram of pure heroin was concealed beneath a spare tire in the trunk. 
 Mr. Barksdale acknowledges his role in procuring those drugs with the intent to dilute, package, and sell retail amounts of heroin. 
 Diedre Kresson, Roland Leggett, Toreen Boyd, all tied to the same gun. 
 Plus, we got the stick-up boys, Brandon Wright, John Bailey. 
 With Orlando, that makes six. Plus the attempted murder on a police. 
 That it? 
 I do better if I give them more? Life, no parole, means what it says. 
 This proffer keeps you off death row but that's all. 
 You were on the wrong side of a cop getting shot. 
 You want to dream about straight life, you got to talk about Avon Barksdale and Stringer Bell. 
 Nah. You might as well give them what you have. 
 Anything you leave out is outside the deal. 
 They can charge you later. f*ck it then. 
 For another pit sandwich and some potato salad, I'll go a few more. 
 How you want that? Medium rare, a lot of horseradish. 
 All right. I did Little Man, thinking he might get weak on that cop getting shot. 
 Yeah? Where's the body? 
 Druid Hill. Behind the reptile house. 
 You get back in them weeds, you might find what's left of him. 
 All right, that's seven. What else you got? 
 Mmm. 
 How about them witnesses? 
 The security lady, and whatshisname, the maintenance man? 
 Gant? Yeah. Gant. 
 You did Gant alone? 
 They're out of potato salad. I got slaw. 
 Information gleaned from surveillance shows that Mr. Watkins, a.k.a. Ronnie Mo, was involved in the distribution of heroin and cocaine in the high-rises at 734 Fayette and 221 North Fremont. 
 In exchange for his pleading guilty to conspiracy, he agrees to a sentence not to exceed 15 years in DOC. 
 Mr. Watkins is on probation for a drug distribution charge adjudicated in Judge Prevas's court in August, 2001... 
 Cedric, hey. 
 Major Cantrell. 
 Congrats. Thanks. 
 Where are they sending you? Northwest. Spurgeon's retiring. 
 I heard that was happening. If ever you want a change, give a yell. 
 I could use a good shift lieutenant. Right now, the whole f*cking district's a mess. 
 What isn't? Hey, good seeing you. You too. 
 You see, this ain't no DEU. It ain't like that. 
 When you came downtown, the job changed. 
 Down here, we make big cases, big hairy-balled cases like this Barksdale thing. 
 All that mess you call police work down in the districts, all that fuck-somebody-up and rip-and-run bullshit. It won't play down here. 
 You think I'm kidding. This is what makes cases, gentlemen. This! 
 Remember that. 
 Nicely done. 
 m*therf*cker, I been here since lunch, waiting. 
 Ain't nobody been through here. 
 You hear me? I been waiting and y'all ain't about sh1t. 
 Yeah, listen to me. Look, if you feel like that, then get off this phone. 
 Come down here and step to me then, nigger. 
 All right. 
 Yo, if Roc-Roc ain't here in ten minutes with my re-up, whoop his ass, man. 
 You did a tour in Homicide years ago but let me tell you how I run this unit, because how I run it is how it runs. 
 We work on rotation. You're up until you catch a call. 
 Then you step down and someone else steps up behind you. 
 This is the way we do business in a town with 250, 300 murders a year. 
 And it works. 
 You do not play the game for yourself, you play it for us. 
 If you remember these few rules, you'll find me to be supportive and reasonable. 
 Very reasonable, sir. 
 That's what they say about me. They say that. They do. 
 Yo, D. 
 What the f*ck was that? Huh? 
 You take a nigger's money, then you serve him? What the f*ck? 
 I'm saying, take their money, then send them round and let some other nigger serve. 
 The way you doing it, someone snapping pictures got the whole deal. You hear? 
 We got to tighten up around here, yo. 
 Jimmy. 
 Hell of a case. Read all about it in the papers. You done good, kiddo. 
 I gotta... 
 D'Angelo Barksdale supervised distribution in the low-rise courtyards and was also involved in the violence attributed to the organization. 
 He was arrested in New Jersey possessing heroin intended for distribution in Baltimore. 
 He acknowledges his role as a conspirator and is on parole for two earlier counts of distribution dating from March, 1999. 
 What are you asking? As he has two prior convictions and is insisting the effort to transport the kilo was undertaken on his own behest, and is refusing to cooperate against others, the state is offering only the maximum allowable 20 years, Your Honor. 
 Mr. Levy, this is your understanding of the plea agreement? 
 Yes, sir. Very well then, Mr. Barksdale. 
 Can you hear me distinctly? Yes. 
 Are you under the influence of alcohol? 
 Wee-Bey, man. How'd it go? 
 Life, no parole. He puts himself in for Orlando and the attempt murder on Greggs. 
 He also takes Nakeisha Lyles, Diedre Kresson, the two project murders that match that gun, both the stick-up boys, and Little Man. 
 Little Man? 
 Body found up behind the reptile house in Druid Hill. 
 He gave us that one just for fun, I think. He also takes William Gant. 
 I know. It's bullshit. How'd he tell it? 
 Man. 
 Boom. He said a contact wound? It doesn't play. 
 Gant had no compression, no stippling. 
 Wound was to the front. He's talking out of his ass. 
 But this m*therf*cker's just taking murders just to take them. 
 He's taking life for shooting a cop, what the f*ck? 
 Might as well spring Bird for killing Gant. All rise. 
 Jesus, what the f*ck did I do? 
 You happy now, bitch? 
 Step by step All the happy saints go marching in And if those saints step out of line You have to start again Cos Jacob's golden ladder Gets slippery at the top And many a happy-go-lucky saint has made that long, long drop If I'm late, don't wait Go on without me I may tarry a while Cos I need to know Before I go How come the devil smiles... 
 How's it going, man? How you doing? 
 If I'm late, don't wait Go on without me I may tarry a while Cos I need to know Before I go How come the devil smiles 
 Free from care, free from fear The saints are trooping in Children play all around the throne Innocent of sin A trillion voices sing the name The mortal may not know And heaven's walls too high to hear the trouble down below If I'm late, don't wait Go on without me I may tarry a while I need to know Before I go How come the devil smiles I need to know Before I go How come... 
 Are you the man with them jumbo sixes? 
 How many you f*cking want? Take about three or four hundred. 
 Damn. 
 All in the game, yo. 
 All in the game. 
 Right, but I didn't think... 
 'Mm-mm-mm. 
 'For sure.' 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 