Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - I Fall to Pieces - Nashville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - I Fall to Pieces https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=423&t=20460 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/26/13 06:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - I Fall to Pieces 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Nashville"... 
 Rayna, I want you to meet Juliette Barnes. 
 An arena tour with Juliette. 
 I cannot believe we have to do this. 
 (Bucky) Scarlett, you just got yourself a record deal. (Screams) 
 Now you're moving in with my woman? You didn't deserve her. 
 Will you marry me? 
 I love you. That is the truth. 
 I'm pregnant. 
 You're demoting me? I quit. 
 Go. Just get out. 
 (Juliette) My mother is a drug addict. 
 Mama? No! (Sobbing) 
 (Voice breaks) I think that you might be my father. 
 Stop it. (Shouts indistinctly) 
 (Tires screech) 
 (Engine hissing, metal creaking) 
 (Liquid dripping) 
 (Grunting) 
 Rayna... Rayna? 
 Baby? Baby, wake up. (Car door opens) 
 (Breathing heavily) 
 Hold on. (groaning) 
 (Thud) 
 Come on, babe. 
 Baby, wake up. You gotta wake up. 
 Aah! (Grunting) 
 (Siren wailing in distance) 
 Aah! 
 (Panting) 
 (Rayna) What are we doing here? 
 Oh, my gosh. 
 All right, we're gonna have to do this fast, 'cause I gotta get to my C.M.A. Rehearsal. 
 (Deacon) Well, what's more important, me or a C.M.A. Rehearsal? 
 Well, it's not a competition, but it is my first nomination, so... 
 Yeah, well, it's not gonna be your last. 
 All right, come on. 
 (Gasps) 
 Now look, I know when you're a big country superstar, this might not seem like much, but for now... 
 It's my dream house. 
 There's still about 300 payments left on your dream house, but, uh... 
 You're not supposed to make big decisions. 
 After rehab, I know. 
 But you weren't supposed to have to take my drunk ass there in the first place, so... Mmm. 
 (Whispers) Thank you... 
 For loving me more than I deserve. 
 I know. 
 You happy? 
 Yeah, I'm happy. (Chuckles) 
 What's the matter? 
 (Exhales) 
 You're just so damn beautiful. 
 (Monitor beeping steadily, ventilator whooshing) 
 (Daphne) How much longer does she have to stay asleep? 
 (Maddie) She's not sleeping. 
 She's in a coma... One they put her in. 
 The doctors keep her this way because they're worried about brain damage, too. 
 Sometimes a person's brain can get a little swollen. 
 That could be really dangerous. 
 But the doctors... they're... they're watching her, and they're checking on her all the time. 
 But it's already been two weeks. 
 I know, baby. 
 All right, you two. 
 Can I stay with her today? 
 I wanna stay, too. 
 I'll check with your father. 
 (Man) Deacon Claybourne. 
 Yes, your honor? 
 Mr. Claybourne, you're being charged with driving under the influence and reckless driving. 
 Now did you receive adequate medical care while you were in the hospital jail ward? 
 Yes, your honor. 
 (Lowered voice) If he thinks he's getting out of there while my wife fights for her life, he better think again. 
 Ex. 
 Just tell me you made my position clear to the judge. 
 I did. 
 Helps that you're the mayor. 
 Sir, given your past criminal record, and given the danger you appear to pose to yourself and to others, I'm setting the bail at $1 million. 
 (Gallery murmuring) 
 Now you have the right to an attorney, and one will be appointed for you should you... 
 Don't want one. 
 Does this mean you intend to represent yourself? 
 Just ready to plead guilty. 
 Mr. Claybourne, your passenger remains in critical condition, and if she does not survive, these charges are going to be upgraded to involuntary manslaughter. 
 Say "yes" to a lawyer. 
 (Gavel bangs) Next case. 
 Let's go. 
 (Woman on TV) Seen by many as the reigning queen of country music, Rayna's storied career has won fans all across the globe, and although hospitalized, she continues to do so. 
 Okay. Personal assistant candidate should be here any minute. 
 Accident that's left her clinging to life, it's clear this queen is staying at the top of the charts. 
 Fans continue to visit the... Hey, you all right? My album drops tomorrow. If she's holding on to number one, you know what that means for me? It's hard enough to bust out of this tween demo. Now I have to compete with a Saint in a coma. (TV turns off, remote control clatters) Juliette, look, it doesn't... I want the release date pushed. Call Marshall. Tell him we need to set up a meeting... Marshall's not the decision maker anymore. Well, then tell whoever's in charge. The label's just been sucked into this massive conglomerate. Now trust me. Their board of directors does not give a damn about Edgehill Records, and until they name a new president, there's nobody there for me or you to yell at. (Doorbell rings) I mean, if it were up to me, you wouldn't do an album launch concert tomorrow. You just lost your mom. (Door opens) Now this thing with Rayna, you know? Sweetie, look, you need a break. You need... A break is last thing that I need, Glenn. (Door closes) (Bo) Right this way. (Man) I'm here for the job interview? (Sighs) Tell me you're an orphan, because the woman you'd be replacing has a sick relative, which has been very inconvenient for me. I'm an only child, and both folks have passed. I'm... sorry that she left you in the lurch. I was just walking my manager out. (Lowered voice) I can handle this. You deal with Edgehill. There is no way I'm letting old Rayna Jaymes songs tank my record. (Lowered voice) Is that what you're really the most concerned about right now? (Scarlett, lowered voice) It's my last night, so don't tell anybody. This is on the house. (Lord Huron) ♪ I will be back one day ♪ 
♪ and I'll find you there by the great big lake ♪ Zoey. Zoey. You gotta make sure the singer has a drink first, and then get all those front tables served before they start singing. Got it. What'd I just say? (Giggles) I'm just amazed, okay? I mean, look at us. We're at the Bluebird. We used to dream about this place. I know, but I also know that if you don't remember all this stuff, you're gonna end up on the first bus back home with me by your side because I gave notice too early. You got a signed record deal. Rayna's gonna be just fine. You move here just to tell me what I wanna hear? Apparently I moved here so you'd have a sofa to sleep on. (Whispers) Thank you. (Avery, amplified voice) Evening, everybody. Welcome to the Bluebird. My name's Avery Barkley. (Applause, piano playing) ♪ 
♪ First you fall ♪ 
♪ And then you fly ♪ 
♪ And you believe that you belong ♪ 
♪ Up in the sky ♪ 
♪ Flap your arms ♪ 
♪ As you run ♪ 
♪ Every revolution brings you ♪ 
♪ Closer to the sun ♪ 
♪ You fall asleep in motion ♪ 
♪ In uncharted hemispheres ♪ 
♪ And you wake up with the stars... ♪ I always loved that one. Him or the song? There's no talking during performances. I'm just saying, I can't remember the last time you didn't have a boyfriend. Yeah, I know. It's part of the problem. Got to learn to stand on my own. ♪ That's how you learn to live alone ♪ Man, I'm not sure about this paint. What are you talking about? It's way better than the girly pastels Scarlett had goin'. (Paint can clatters) (Sighs) Although I do like this couch. That was nice of her to leave it. Well, it's just till she finds a place of her own. When's that gonna be? I don't know, Will. We're not exactly talking every day since she said "no". (Bart crow's "busted" playing) ♪ You're always running yeah, you're right. Needs somethin'. Whoo-hoo! - What... All right! Come on. Hook 'em horns! Quit foolin' around, man. Wha... I'm not foolin' around. That's perfect. (Paintbrush clatters) All right, would you just stop? Just stop. Stop what? What? I mean, do you even listen to country music? What's that supposed to mean? "Friends in low places" "Brand new girlfriend", "How do you like me now"... That's how you deal with a breakup, man. You get drunk. You get loud! You get... busy. (Cell phone beeps) What are you doin'? I'm just making an appointment to get the stick out of your ass. Oh, you're hilarious. Hey, hey, Laycee, yeah. Gunnar and me are having a housewarming party tomorrow. The paint won't even be dry... Yes, yes, bring 'em. Bring 'em all. No. The more, the merrier. Yeah. (Whispers) You're welcome, by the way. (Sighs and whispers) Thank you. (Chuckles) (Sheets rustling) Okay, stop. Stop. (Sighs) So this mean I don't get the job? I'll let you know. Because I can try again. Get home safe. (Remote control clicks) Okay. (Man) Fans across the world are monitoring the superstar's condition closely.. A role in which social media seems to be playing a huge part. But while concern for the singer's uncertain future is trending worldwide, fans have been drawn here to Nashville, along with... (Dials cell phone) Glenn? Get me a thousand candles. I need to pray. (Buzzer) So you're the drunk who was driving Rayna Jaymes. You know, she got a lot of fans in here. Better hope she pulls through. (Door clanks loudly) ♪ 
♪ (Juliette) All right, guys, we're gonna go through the set list plus an additional song that I added for tonight. We haven't done it before, so... You serious? I mean, do we even know it? Oh, you know it. It's a classic. (Indistinct conversations) (Feedback crackles) Hey. Hey. You, uh, come to see me play, or... Oh. I would if I could, but I really wanted to talk to Miss Barnes if you've got a minute. Yeah, only if you call me "Juliette". We did plan a birthday party together once. That was a really sweet thing you did for Deacon. Um... So I was wonderin' if you would be kind enough to consider helping me help him. I got an advance on my record deal and a little bit of money from my mama for his bail. It would be a loan, and I would pay you back every penny, but I don't think he deserves to be in jail. Let him got all right? Addicts are addicts. You will spend all your time and energy trying to save him, and the only thanks you're gonna get in return is a broken heart when he disappoints you again, 'cause he will. Sorry I bothered you. (Footsteps retreat) All right, y'all, let's go. I have no idea who all these people are. It's a party, man. Who cares? There's someone I want you to meet, though. Hey, Laycee! This is my roomie, Gunnar. Hi. Hey, how you doin'? This is my friend Savannah. Hey. Hi. What's up, baby? Mmm. Is he the one you were telling us about? Don't you believe a word out of his mouth. So you're not "the best damn songwriter in Nashville"? The best? Top ten, maybe. Come on. Write us a song. Yeah, it doesn't really work like that. You kind of have to be, uh, inspired. Oh, I bet I can inspire you to do a lot of things. (People cheering and speaking indistinctly) (Man) Here you go. (Laughter) Whoo! Hey, Laycee, uh, let's go get some fresh air. Well, I'm assuming you called me here because you've made a decision. Look, I know it'd be better for you if I just took care of things, but... So you've confirmed it? With three home pregnancy tests. I have an appointment to find out how far along I am if you wanna come. I already have a family, Peggy. I'm sorry. All this is more than I can deal with right now. Just tell me what you want from me. I remember you telling me that having children opened up a space in your heart you never knew existed. I wanna feel that, Teddy. I can offer you financial support, but that's it. (Woman on TV) ... That he, in fact, has Parkinson's disease. (Tandy) Hey. (Sighs) I thought no one would be here. Happy to see you, too, daddy. That's not what I meant. I just thought you wouldn't be coming in till later, and I didn't wanna... I didn't wanna leave her alone. Teddy and the girls are on their way. (Sighs) I don't think that means  that you have to leave. A wall of cards, flowers, and Teddy bears has grown outside Vanderbilt hospital. It's here where country music great Rayna Jaymes remains in critical condition, leaving many of her fans afraid that history may be repeating itself. In a tragic coincidence, her own mother, Virginia Wyatt, died in a fiery crash when the singer was only 12... (Turns off TV) (Monitor beeping steadily, remote control clatters) I wasn't there for your mother. I wasn't at her bedside. Maybe it would have made a difference. It's not your fault that you were out of town when it happened. But you're here now. So talk to her. Just tell her that. (Ventilator whooshing) (Footsteps retreat) (Lowered voice) Forgive me, darling, for everything. (Deacon) I know I screwed up. And I know you've been seeing Teddy Conrad, but... I don't want you to anymore. I love you, Ray. I love you more than anything else in the whole world. Let's do this, baby, please. Marry me. I love you so much. (Whispers) I love you, too. (Door slams in distance) My name is Megan Vannoy. I'm your court-appointed attorney. Here's where you stand legally. The D.A. Wants to postpone trial for as long as possible in the event they're able to upgrade to involuntary manslaughter. You mean if Rayna dies. Carries a sentence of 10 to 30 years. She gonna die? Could go either way. (Opens folder) Why don't you tell me what happened? I was drunk. We crashed. My fault. Not much of a defense. I don't know what you're trying to dig up or sniff out, but... You're starting to piss me off, so... I'd like to go back to my cell. (Chair scrapes floor) Well, I'm pretty good at what I do, so don't get too comfortable. Do us both a favor. Don't waste your time. (Woman) Okay, doctor, her vitals are stable. Let's half her dose on the propofol, okay? Okay. (Ventilator whooshing) Rayna, can you hear me? Okay, we're holding sedation. We're lowering your sedation level so we can perform some cognitive tests. Hey. What's going on? Um, they're bringing her out for a few minutes, but I didn't realize that they're running some tests, so I don't know if it's a good time for the girls to be here. No, I wanna see. (Teddy) No, your aunt's right. Come on, girls. Let's go. (Daphne) Wait. She's waking up. Her eyes are open. (Woman) Doctor, she's going for the tube. (Maddie) Can we go in? (Woman) Let's get everybody out of here now. Clear the room, please. Dad, what's wrong with her? (Doctor) Keep her hands down. Let's get her back under. (Crying) Is she gonna be okay? Yeah, she will. She's fine. (Crying) No, she's not. Okay, I can turn on the sound if you wanna hear the baby's heartbeat. Yes. (Ultrasound whooshing) I can even put it on a disc for you if you wanna share it with your loved ones. That would be amazing. Have you experienced any morning sickness? I did in the beginning a little, but not lately. Didn't stop me from gaining weight. (Chuckles) Any cramping or bleeding? I did have a little spotting. Which is perfectly normal. Yeah? Is that shadow the baby? Why aren't we hearing the heartbeat yet? (Click, whooshing stops) I'm so sorry, Peggy. It seems you've... miscarried. (Cheers and applause) (Amplified voice) Thank you! Thank you all so, so much for coming out here to support my album. I hope you all buy it. Before I do this next song, I wanna take a moment to talk about somebody really important to me. That's right. Y'all, give it up for miss Rayna Jaymes. (Cheering) I never imagined that I would share the stage with my idol, let alone a mentor and friend, and now she is both. (Cheers and applause) And I know tonight might be about launching my album, but without her inspiration... (Camera shutters clicking) And her influence, I would never be here right now. (Cheers and applause) I know we all want her to get better real quick, but until she does, I'd like to continue her tradition, so this next song's to Rayna. I only hope I do it half as well as she does. (Cheering) ♪ 
♪ Back to back ♪ 
♪ Lines drawn deep into the dust ♪ 
♪ 10 paces forward ♪ 
♪ Staring straight into the sun ♪ 
♪ You shoulda rode your ♪ 
♪ High horse outta town ♪ 
♪ You no-good, lyin', cheatin' run around ♪ 
♪ I'm gonna show you how the west was won ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough for the two of us ♪ 
♪ Locked 'n' loaded, it's high noon ♪ 
♪ Make my day, you son of a gun ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough ♪ 
♪ For the two of us ♪ 
♪ This love ♪ 
♪ Ain't big enough ♪ 
♪ This love, for two of us ♪ 
♪ Undertaker waitin' on somebody to go down ♪ 
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ 
♪ I'm gonna take what's left of this love ♪ 
♪ And put it in the ground ♪ 
♪ It was a knockdown ♪ 
♪ Drag-out romance ♪ 
♪ Quick draw ♪ 
♪ Honey, let me see you dance ♪ 
♪ Look at who's the last one standin' ♪ 
♪ Now ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough for the two of us ♪ 
♪ Locked 'n' loaded, it's high noon ♪ 
♪ Make my day ♪ 
♪ You son of a gun ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough ♪ 
♪ For the two of us ♪ (Guitar solo) (Cheering) ♪ Pick the coffin, bury this love ♪ 
♪ Drive a nail in, baby, I'm done ♪ 
♪ Pick the coffin, bury this love ♪ 
♪ Drive a nail ♪ 
♪ And, baby, I'm done ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough for the two of us ♪ 
♪ Locked 'n' loaded, it's high noon ♪ 
♪ Make my day, you son of a gun ♪ 
♪ This love ain't big enough ♪ 
♪ For the two of us ♪ (Song ends, cheers and applause) (The Wood Brothers' "Honey Jar" playing) (Door closes) (Sighs) The hell you doing here? Hey, look, man, I just heard there was a party. How was I supposed to know you were gonna be here? Yeah, well, this is where I live. So you better... Explains the longhorn on the wall. (Snickers) You think this is funny? No. I think it's incredibly sad. ♪ Where all the honey goes ♪ 
♪ But you hope it and you pray real hard ♪ (Grunts) (Grunting) (Breathing heavily) No, man! (Slam) You get off me! Get the hell outta here! What the hell? What is your problem? What's going on? This creep just made a pass at me. You believe that? You get the hell out! ♪ 
 
 (Indistinct conversations) Everything all right? Yeah. Yeah. About to get all right with my girl here. Hey, you should grab yours and do the same. Come on, Laycee. ♪ Wow. Y'all, I have had so much fun tonight. I really have. But I have to say... (Audience member whistles) (Woman in audience) We love you! It's hard being so close to where Rayna's fighting for her life. And it's even harder to not be able to tell her that I'm praying for her. So I wanna do something about that. And if any of you feel the way that I do... (Cheers and whistles) You're welcome to join me over at the hospital. (Man) Yeah, we do! Bring your lights. Bring your love. (Cheering) Bring your prayers for Miss Rayna Jaymes. I'll see y'all there. (Cheers and applause) Nice show tonight. Thanks. You coming? Can't. I would've, but you kinda sprung it on us, the whole Rayna slide show thing, although interestingly enough, you were in most of the pictures. Yeah. Uh-huh. And what's your point? Just a friendly observation. Anyway, I'm, uh, going to a party at the Bluebird for Scarlett's last shift. Deacon's niece. That the girl you were in love with? 'Cause I might be able to save you from a little heartbreak. From what I can tell, she's just not that into you. (Clatter) (Monitor beeping steadily, ventilator whooshing) Hey, sweetie. How you doing? Not that good. It's so weird. He was just my Uncle Deacon, and now he is my dad. No, he's your biological father. I'm your dad, okay? Okay. He always seemed so nice, but if he loved her so much, how could he do this? I don't know, but he did. (Slap) Hey! God! You been drinking? No, Rayna... Did you just wake up in the middle of the night and just start drinkin'? Baby... I-I just couldn't sleep last night. No, you are just lying to me. No, no, no. Were you drunk last night when you were talking to me? Sweetie... sweetie... Get your hands off me! Where you drunk last night when you asked me? (Exhales) When I asked you what? What, babe? Ohh. (Ring clatters) Ray? Ray! Rayna! Rayna! (Man) Go on in. (Door slams open) Thought you were gonna tell me to go away again. I figured coming down here is the only way to get you to stop coming in. Is your hand any better? Oh, yeah, it's great. How you doing? What's new, girl? There's nothing new. I just... I'm trying to secure your bail and help you get outta here and help you get better. You wanna help me? I tell you what. You sell my house. Burn the whole place down. I don't care, 'cause right here, this is where I'm gonna be, and if Rayna doesn't pull through, She will. I'm gonna be here a long... A lot of people are praying for her, and they're praying for you, too. Well, you tell 'em to stop it, all right? Listen to me. I am a drunk. That's what I am. You slipped. I'm a damn drunk... You made a mistake. And I'm no good to you, and I'm no good to anybody else. You are so much more than that. You are so talented. You're so wonderful. You're like... You've been like a father to me. You're the closest thing... What did you say to me? What did you say to me? What? I'm not your father! You understand me? I'm not your father! I'm nobody's damn father! You quit coming here. (Fist slams) I mean, he was a jerk. And I don't miss him, but you get used to having all of the s*x all the time. And then all of the sudden, you don't. But you still really want it. So... Sometimes you just gotta go get it. You know what I mean? I think I know... (Jeffrey James' "Bad Woman" playing) (Indistinct conversations) Um... Wait, wait. I can't. What's wrong, babe? Look... I just broke up with somebody, too, and this place... It's... it's all her. This couch is hers. And it's the first place that we... (Clears throat) It's just, she's everywhere, is all. Well, you gotta get her out. How am I supposed to do that, huh? ♪ Take it down! (Will) Death to the chick sofa! Whoo-hoo-hoo! (Woman) Aah! (Cheering) (Flame whooshes) (Cheering and yelling) Whoo-hoo! (Whoosh) Oh, crap. (Crowd cheering) (Camera shutters clicking) (Cheering) Oh, you guys are amazing! Oh, I love you so much! Thank y'all so much for coming out here for Rayna. It means the world! Thank you! God bless you! You know, they probably won't let anyone but family into the I.C.U., right? Yeah, I know. I couldn't handle it anyway. Have the car pulled around back. Juliette? Oh, my God. You came. (gasps) Couldn't keep me away. Please don't ask me how I'm doing. I won't ask you anything. We can just sit here and not say a word if that's what you want. Did your mom ever lie to you? Pretty much every time she opened her mouth. I would ask you what yours lied about, but I already said no questions. Sometimes I just wish there was someone I could talk to. There really isn't anybody who understands. Give me your phone. What? Come on. Let's have it. (Buttons clicking) I understand. Okay? And if you ever need somebody to talk to, call me. You mean it? I would not give you my number if I didn't. You know this is all because of me. What's because of you? I went looking through my mom's stuff, and I found out my dad isn't really my dad. So I asked Deacon if he was. And what'd he say? That he didn't know. And then he got drunk and almost killed my mom. If I hadn't been snooping... Hey, listen to me. You are not responsible for any of this. Okay? Come here. Thank you. Hey. (Sighs) There you are. Look who came to see mom. Hey, you're late. Hi. People are beginning to think you were gonna miss your own going-away party. Where you been? Went to see Deacon. Wait. You got in? Yep. How is he? (Tray clatters) (Voice breaking) He's not great. And now how are you? (Clatter) Fine. You're not fine. I've known you since the first grade. What in the world did he say to you? (Crying) What if everybody else is right about him... And I'm wrong? Look, tonight's not about your uncle, okay? Tonight is about you and the fact that your friends wanna celebrate your having worked here and going off with a record deal. So turn that junk off and let's get through this shift so we can close up and have us a party. Okay. (Whispers) Okay. I'm glad you're here. (Crying) (Monitor beeping steadily, ventilator whooshing) It's okay. You can come closer. I just keep waiting for her to open her eyes, but she never does. I bet you miss her. Your mom. When she was good, she'd play your mama's music, and we'd just lay there on the floor and listen to those songs over and over and over again. You know what her favorite one was? "This love ain't big enough." She always said I was her platinum baby 'cause that came out the year I was born. (Rayna) Well, he's here. Thank God. Right, and so now we know he bailed on rehab, made it home safe and sound. Let's go. I know, but I need to talk to him. What you need is to just let him go. Come on. (Voice breaks) I mean, I'm pregnant. It's probably his. I need to just... I need to at least talk to him. (Bottles clatter) He needs help, you know? And he's... he's sick. Well, fine, and you've tried to help him, but you cannot help somebody who doesn't want to help himself. (Thud) You want him to be the father? Do you have any idea what could happen to you  or to that baby if he was? (Buzzer, door opens) Thought I made myself clear... Single vehicle accident involving the male owner of a car (Door closes) With two prior D.U.I.s and a blood alcohol level of over twice the legal limit. The female occupant had zero. When the police ask who was responsible for the crash, not surprisingly, the car's owner said it was him. Yeah, I was there... And with no reason to disbelieve you, the police stopped investigating. It's kinda late. Don't you have a husband or, like, kids to get home to or something? (Chair scrapes floor) I found a hospital report that references diagonal bruising across Ms. Jaymes' abdomen, 2 inches wide from upper left to bottom right. She was the one behind the wheel. If I hadn't been drinking, none of it would've happened. Did your reckless actions contribute to a tragic accident? Probably. Did you commit a crime? No. Good party. Ended a little sooner than I thought it would. I'm an idiot. You know that? Well... Burning the furniture might not have been the smartest thing to do. Uh, you're an idiot, too. Oh, hang on there, man. I was just trying to help. I can't do this, man. I can't do it. I can't "party" my feelings away, and I can't go around screwing random girls. I'm not like you. I can't pretend I'm feeling something I'm not. Look, I'm not judging you for staying in the closet... Whoa. Hey, hey, hey. I'm not in any damn closet, all right? Get that through your skull. (Man speaking indistinctly) Okay. I guess it's just me who's been avoiding my feelings then. (Huffs) I'm going to the Bluebird, man. They're having a party that actually celebrates somethin'. (Cheers and whistles) (Giggles) (Cheering) Oh, I'm gonna miss you guys so much. I think I'm even gonna miss this thing. Let's toast... to Scarlett. (All) To Scarlett! Thank you. Um, just let me... Let me go hang this up. Keep drinking. (Laughter) (Leagues' "You Belong Here" playing) Hi. Been a while. Yeah. I guess we've been on different shifts. Kinda on purpose on my part. Well, you look nice. Um... (Sniffs) Did you come from a barbecue? Uh, somethin' like that. Look... ♪ You belong here I know why you said "no." ♪ We've been waiting so long I gotta grow up sometime, right? ♪ You belong here But unless you have any objections, I'd like to join the festivities. I mean, we were co-workers first, right? Yeah, of course. Oh. Sorry. They're just, uh, asking for you out here. Everybody wants you to do a song. Oh, okay. Thank you. Um... See you out there. ♪ Let it all begin, you'd be a fool to fight it ♪ Can't take "no" for an answer, huh? Guessin' that makes two of us. (Applause, woman shouts indistinctly) (Amplified voice) I don't really know what y'all wanna hear. (Man) How about "Looking For a Place to Shine"? I could do that, but what occurs to me is, um, I'm leaving this place because I've been signed by Rayna Jaymes. May all of our prayers be with her. And I-I wouldn't be signed anywhere or be singing anywhere, even, without the influence of somebody in this room. And I wondered if they would come up and sing with me. Um, it's a song we wrote not very long ago. It's called "Why Can't I Say Goodnight." Gunnar, would you sing with me? (Scarlett chuckles) (Cheers and applause) (Man) Whoo! Whoo! (Man) Yeah, sing it, Scarlett! (Applause continues) (Man) Whoo! Whoo! (Woman shouts indistinctly) (Guitar playing) ♪ (Both) ♪ It's almost sunrise ♪ 
♪ Hours and hours gone by ♪ 
♪ Candles are burned down ♪ 
♪ Turned into morning light ♪ 
♪ The time to go has come and gone ♪ 
♪ Why can't I ♪ 
♪ Why ♪ 
♪ Can't I ♪ 
♪ Say goodnight? ♪ The whole world is sleeping ♪ 
♪ And still I can't give in ♪ 
♪ It's a love story You should, uh... Probably just get on home. I'm not much in the mood tonight. ♪ The time to go ♪ 
♪ Has come and gone ♪ 
♪ Why can't I... Hey, I got your message. Something wrong? ♪ Can't I say... I heard the baby's heartbeat. ♪ I'm using up all my strength ♪ 
♪ I can't tear myself away ♪ 
♪ It only gets harder as ♪ 
♪ Night turns to day ♪ Hey, it's Scarlett. Leave a message. Scarlett, hey. It's, uh, Juliette Barnes. (Exhaling) ♪ Honey, that I'd rather be ♪ (Exhales) ♪ Than right here in your arms ♪ 
♪ With your head lyin' on me ♪ (Exhaling) ♪ The time to go has come and gone ♪ 
♪ Why can't I ♪ 
♪ Why ♪ 
♪ Can't I say ♪ 
♪ Goodnight? (Song ends) (Cheers and applause) Thank you. (Gunnar) Thank you. (Cheering) Thanks. Thank you for singing with me. (Sighs) To be honest, I didn't really want to. Why did you, then? You don't give up on people you love. (Man) Nice job, Gunnar. (Monitor beeping steadily, door slides closed) (Ventilator whooshing) We make our choices, don't we? Passion over stability, fireworks over family. Excuse me? I just wish you'd tried harder, Teddy... Loved her a little more, found some way to keep her happy, keep her at home, keep her from being drawn to a man like him. I'm sorry, but please don't stand here and project your crap onto me. I did everything I could to keep Rayna happy, and she was happy for a long time, but I saw the writing on the wall, and I didn't wait for my wife to pack her bags and abandon me like yours did. She didn't. She died in an accident. (Monitor beeping erratically) Nurse? We need some help in here. (Teddy) What's happening? Blood pressure and brain activity are spiking. I'll get the doctor. All right, check that airway. Make sure it's clear. Let's get some... (Deacon) I don't believe in the program. (Deacon and Rayna arguing indistinctly) This is who I am! (Arguing continues) Stop it. Give me that. (Tires screech) (Doctor) It's not uncommon for patients to react to what they're experiencing subconsciously. There were no seizures. In fact, her intracranial pressure has subsided significantly. Swelling's gone down. Blood flow looks good, as does her E.E.G. So we're comfortable bringing her out of the induced coma at this point, though she'll still need time to recover. Can the family be present for that? They can be, but they should be prepared for any outcome. Wait. Uh, meaning what? There's no way for us to know yet if there's been any impact on her cognitive abilities. Are you saying that she's not gonna recognize us? She might not recognize anything. (Door creaks) (Car door closes, alarm chirps) (Dog barking in distance) You moving in? Yeah. Did you post his bail? My people are working on it right now. Thank you. Man, Deacon really fell off the wagon hard, didn't he? Yeah, he did. Wish I knew why. (Doctor) Okay, Rayna, you're doing just great. Stay with us. We're almost done, okay? (Velcro rips) We're gonna get some of this stuff off of you. Thank you. All right, Rayna, we're gonna take the tube out now, so what I need you to do is take a deep breath and then cough. (Coughs) (Rayna gags) Very good. Rayna, you're at Vanderbilt hospital. Do you understand that? If you do, blink twice. Now don't try and talk. All right, now do you know who the people in the hallway are? They can come in. (Exhales) (Crying) (Buzzer) (Door rumbles) What? (Sighs heavily) You're being released. What, somebody post my bail? No. Someone confirmed you weren't driving. (Scoffs) Who did that? Rayna. She's conscious. I'll give you a minute. (Exhaling) (Exhales deeply) (Man) Tandy Hampton? Yes? Justin Ramer, U.S. attorney's office. Oh, you people really need to stop harassing me. I already told your boss I'm not interested in helping make any sort of case against my father. And if any of this information is coming from Teddy Conrad, you should seriously consider the source. Before you go all in to protect your father, you should know this. There's evidence to support his involvement with your mother's death. What? That car accident was no accident. Well, that's ridiculous. You know your father. You know what he's capable of. You just assumed your family was immune. The nurse told I'd find you here. Yeah, I've been coming out here as much as I can. Breathe this fresh air, take in this view. Well, it's sure a good one. - Mm-hmm. Probably not worth being in the hospital for. (Chuckles) True that. He never was any good for you, you know? Deacon. Yeah, I know who you're talking about. I'm just... I'm not interested in looking behind me anymore. I'm just gonna live my life. It's always best to just leave the past behind. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 