Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - I've Been Down That Road Before - Nashville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - I've Been Down That Road Before https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=423&t=20449 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/08/13 16:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - I've Been Down That Road Before 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Nashville"... 
 What's going on? 
 Are we trying to fix things between us or not? 
 I don't know the answers yet. 
 I think now we're just choosing what our future's gonna be. 
 We've kept this secret a long time. 
 You had an affair with her, right? No. 
 Guess you made the right choice... him over me? 
 I can't do this with you. 
 Then don't do it. 
 Come with me. 
 You should be on the road, writing music. 
 Sorry for the holdup. 
 Did you hire him? No, of course not. 
 I'm not here for your band. He's joining mine. 
 Xxx Juliette! 
 There's Rayna right there! Ohh! 
 Just got word we sold out both nights. 
 Chicago loves you. 
 Us, I guess. 
 Did you have no idea he was gonna be on this tour? 
 I did not know. 
 Are you pissed that I hired Deacon? 
 Why would I be pissed? Hey, y'all. How are you? 
 Hi, guys! 
 I love you, Rayna! Thank you. 
 Thank you guys! 
 Bye, y'all. 
 That's not a big plane, and you didn't make eye contact with me once after Deacon got on. 
 I am amazed you had nothing better to do on that plane ride than just look over at me to see if I was lookin' at you. 
 Just admit that you're pissed. 
 Girl, are you ever gonna grow up? Honestly. 
 Let's go, buck. 
 They'll bring your bags up for you, you know. 
 Yeah, I know. I'm looking for my guitar. 
 It's not my first rodeo. 
 Your first time at my rodeo. 
 Yeah, this is some entourage you got. 
 Takes a lot of people to make a good show. 
 Really? Johnny cash only needed three. 
 Why do you think he's here? 
 I don't know, ray. Why don't you ask him? 
 Hell, no. I'm not gonna ask him. 
 I gotta go talk about all this on the phone with Teddy, I got a show tonight. 
 I don't need any Deacon Claybourne drama. 
 Do you think I have too many people on my band? 
 I think you got a world-class arena show that people love. 
 Juliette, this is gonna be huge. 
 Look, you got all your bad press behind you, your mom's out of the public eye, she's finishing up rehab. That's great. 
 This is gonna close the deal on getting your brand back on track. 
 Boom... you're gonna be right back where you were. 
 What if I don't wanna be right back where I was? 
 You don't wanna go back to being on top of the world? 
 That's not what I meant. 
 Well, what did you mean? 
 Forget it. 
 Fixed. Thank you. 
 Hey, we sounded pretty good the other night. 
 J.T. played me the scratch track he recorded on his phone. 
 It was all right. 
 Just all right? 
 Yeah. 
 I figure you still don't wanna talk about what got your fur all backwards in Texas, but, uh, if you ain't gonna talk about it, maybe you should just quit worrying about it. 
 It's nothing. It's... my roommates. 
 It was a bad idea living with band mates, and they've been messing with me ever since I started playing with you and J.T. 
 Messing with you how? 
 Why is it a turtle? 
 I have no idea. 
 Miss O'Connor. Mr. Mason. Hi. 
 When you and Avery moved in here, you promised you would always pay your rent on time. 
 Now I went out on a limb giving you this place. 
 I know that you did, Mr. Mason. I am truly sorry. 
 But I have a paying gig tonight, and I get my paycheck tomorrow. 
 This will never happen again. 
 I like you, miss O'Connor, but if I don't have it in two days, I'm gonna have to find new tenants. Do you understand me? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Doesn't Avery owe you a bunch of money? 
 Yeah, he does, but, uh, gettin' that would involve seeing him, which is probably not the best idea. 
 Doesn't matter. No point. 
 But we're gonna bring down the house tonight, and we'll be rollin' in it, right? 
 Well, I like your optimism. 
 You may be delusional, but it's workin' for you. 
 Thank you. Go on. Get. 
 All right. See you later. 
 Bye. Bye. 
 I did not know. 
 Yeah, all right. Whatever you say. 
 Hey, please don't be like that. 
 No, no, look, what do you want me to say? 
 That... that I find it incredibly strange that you tell me you need time to process, and then Deacon ends up on your tour? 
 W... he's here for Juliette's tour. 
 Lord knows I didn't hire him, and she doesn't run her hiring decisions by me. 
 Come on, I know it's hard on us to have this time apart, but I think it's really important. 
 Please don't let this Deacon thing derail that. 
 I don't want him here, you know? 
 I fired him. 
 So you haven't seen him since then? 
 You have seen him since then. 
 I-I... I have seen him... out of concern, because we are friends. 
 We have been friends for 20 years, as you well know. 
 Look, I have a meeting with some city council members. 
 I gotta go. 
 Teddy... okay, look... okay, Rayna, I get it. 
 You didn't know about Deacon, you didn't plan any of this, life's a bitch sometimes, and you're processing. 
 Have we covered it all? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. Great. 
 Bye... belmont called. 
 They want you to come back in the spring. They loved you. 
 We'll get you paid better for round two. 
 Tomorrow, you've got the crew from "star towns" following you around. 
 What am I supposed to do with them? 
 The show is musicians sharing the cities that they love. 
 Every episode, they have one star and one up-and-coming act. 
 The producer's a friend and called about you after he heard you on the radio. 
 Okay. 
 Xxx Avery, this is good. 
 This is exactly what we need to cement you as the next big thing. 
 What are you doing? 
 Uh, nothing. 
 Xxx it's just Scarlett's playing tonight. 
 Piece of advice... 
 Get over it. 
 Xxx ♪ I almost turned around ♪ 
♪ On highway 65♪ 
♪ And in Arkansas I pulled off ♪ 
♪ At a truck stop just to cry ♪ 
♪ And I put myself together ♪ 
♪ At the cheatham county line ♪ 
♪ And I thought about my heartache ♪ 
♪ And all the reasons why ♪ 
♪ I should drive ♪ 
♪ Just drive ♪ 
♪ lt's a long, long road to independence ♪ 
♪ But I'm leaving you for Tennessee ♪ 
♪ I got demons ridin' shotgun ♪ 
♪ Tellin' me not to go ♪ 
♪ But what they don't know ♪ 
♪ Well, what they don't know ♪ 
♪ ls I'm already gone ♪ 
♪ I'm already gone ♪ 
 Thank y'all so much! I love you, Chicago! 
 Pardon me. I'm sorry. Excuse me. 
 Hey. Yo. 
 Did you get any food? Catering's about to close. 
 Watch out. I'm sorry. Sorry. 
 Do I have to try anything on? 
 It's like a big Vegas show, isn't it? 
 Don't tell me you're regrettin' comin'. 
 No, no, just... gettin' used to all the glitter. 
 I'll see you out there. 
 ♪ Yeah ♪ 
♪ I can rock a target tank top ♪ 
♪ Gucci sunglasses, cheap flip-flops ♪ 
♪ And still look like a million bucks to you ♪ 
♪ You know it's true ♪ 
♪ Pull my hair up and be ready to go ♪ 
♪ Spend all night tryin' on clothes ♪ 
♪ I can make us late and blame it all on you ♪ 
♪ I'm the queen of my own planet ♪ 
♪ And you wouldn't understand it ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ I can get a free drink from flippin' my hair ♪ 
♪ Or stay home ♪ 
♪ With a bottle of wine and you ♪ 
♪ I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ I got skills ♪ 
♪ I can dance all night in 5-inch heels ♪ 
♪ And make you feel like the luckiest boy in the world ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ ey, hey, hey ♪ 
♪ I'm a shoe sale-shoppin', chick flick-watchin'♪ 
♪ Jesus-lovin', Oprah-huggin'♪ 
♪ Strong and independent, don't forget intelligent ♪ 
♪ I like my men real tall ♪ 
 Well, I kinda like 'em all. 
 ♪ 'Cause I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah ♪ 
♪ I can get a free drink from flippin' my hair ♪ 
♪ Or stay home ♪ 
♪ With a bottle of wine and you ♪ 
♪ I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ I got skills ♪ 
♪ I can dance all night in 5-inch heels ♪ 
♪ And make you feel like the luckiest boy in the world ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I'm a girl ♪ 
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ 
 Why do we keep putting all these sparkles on if we can't get them off after every show? 
 Congratulations. Whoo! Fantastic performance. 
 It was not a performance. That was an act, okay? 
 There is nothing artistic about wind machines and smoke. 
 It's your fans' favorite part of the show. 
 It's amazing. It's perfectly on your brand. 
 What if my brand just isn't so perfect anymore? 
 Guys, can we have the room, please? 
 Okay, look. 
 You know as well as I do that fans are fickle. 
 One wrong step, you're struggling the way Rayna Jaymes was before this tour. 
 So what, am I never supposed to change? 
 J., listen... ever? 
 You're a multi-million dollar industry. 
 A left turn now could be an exit into obscurity. 
 Just please, think about it long and hard before you mess with it too much. 
 I am so happy you're here, Adria. Thank you. 
 Thank you. It's an honor. 
 It's an honor playing with you, and thanks for bringing me on. 
 Thank you. 
 Thrilled to be your new guitar player. 
 Great show tonight, guys. Y'all killed it. 
 Thanks, Bucky. Yeah. 
 Well, I'll see you guys later. Right? 
 Okay. All right. 
 Bye. Bye, babe. 
 Nice job. Whoo-hoo! 
 So, uh, how you feelin' about her? 
 She's kind of... thanks... she's kind of got a different energy than your other bandleaders. 
 Oh, you mean, like, a lady energy? 
 Well, yeah. 
 You know what? She's amazing. 
 I think she's perfect. 
 She's exactly what I need right now. 
 The only thing is, you know what I missed? 
 I missed that little riff right in the front of "already gone." 
 Yeah. You want me to talk to her? 
 Actually, uh, you know what? 
 Uh, hold on a second. Hey, Deacon? 
 Can I talk to you for a sec? I'll talk to you later. 
 Yeah. 
 Ye, the label deal's a go. Hey, sounded great tonight. 
 Thanks, Bucky. 
 Uh, I was gonna ask you, remember that... that lick that we used to do right before we started "already gone"? 
 Would you mind talking to Adria about that? 
 Yeah. Yeah, sure. 
 Thanks. Sure. 
 So... 
 Um, what's going on? 
 What do you mean? 
 Well, last time I talked to you, you were puttin' a sign out in front of your house, headed off to your cabin. 
 Now you're on tour with Juliette Barnes. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I play guitar for people that pay me money. 
 So... I'm doin' that. 
 Well, if I'm honest, it's a little bit awkward. 
 I'll try to stay out of your way. 
 ♪ This plane can fly on just one engine ♪ 
♪ This heart can beat without affection ♪ 
♪ I'm not a choice, I'm a natural selection ♪ 
♪ Well, this house can stand just fine on its own ♪ 
♪ This hand's gonna rule without a throne ♪ 
♪ I'm not the mother, I'm the queen of invention ♪ 
♪ I'm gonna make you see the difference between ♪ 
♪ Just quittin' and survival ♪ 
♪ I've got a voice, and I've made my choice ♪ 
♪ Between heartbreak and revival ♪ 
♪ Oh, I know you'll hate how I make ♪ 
♪ Everything look easy to do ♪ 
♪ Oh, but it's my pleasure ♪ 
♪ Doing everything better without you ♪ 
♪ 'Cause this one works better than two ♪ 
♪ 'Cause this one works better than two ♪ 
 Seriously? 
 Your friends are jerks, man. Not friends. Roommates. 
 I'm sorry, guys. Slow night here. 
 What'd we make? 
 $144. 
 Gave up a Friday night's worth of pay and tips at the bluebird for $144? 
 The band made $144. You made $24. 
 It's not exactly rent money. 
 Maybe you could ask your Uncle or your mom for a loan. 
 I can't do that. 
 I mean, I'd give you the money if I had it. 
 You know that. 
 Thank you. I'll figure it out. 
 Well, hi there. 
 Hey there. 
 Look what the cat dragged in. 
 Yeah, how 'bout that? 
 470 Miles of the heartland of America. 
 Johnny and June and Hank and Emmylou nonstop on the radio. 
 How was the show last night? 
 Packed to the gills. 
 Can't wait to hear it tonight. 
 Well, I'll be curious what you think. 
 Hi. Coffee. Thanks. 
 So in other news, Marshall Evans has finally, reluctantly agreed to give me my own label. 
 Caveat is I have to bring him a couple acts that he wants to break. 
 It's a good step for you. You got a lot to give back. 
 Oh, thanks. 
 So I wanted to ask you about... uh, remember those kids you told me about at the bluebird? 
 Oh, yeah. Deacon's niece. 
 No, I think it was, uh, it was a duet. 
 Couple kids. Yeah. 
 Scarlett O'Connor and Gunnar Scott. 
 That was Scarlett? 
 I told you about her. 
 They are exactly like you and Deacon. 
 Well, shoot, I don't think I can do that. 
 Things with me and Deacon are just... crazy right now. 
 If you don't sign 'em, somebody else will. 
 Simple as that. 
 You think they're that good? 
 Thank you. Keep the change. 
 They make the mayor pay for his own coffee around here? 
 What is this? 
 Well, I'm still just mayor-elect. 
 Maybe once I'm sworn in, the free coffee will start flowing. 
 Look at you walking around differently already. 
 You... you're wearing it well. 
 Ah, well, thank you. Oh, you look good, too. 
 Thanks. So I heard you moved into a new place? 
 Those townhomes around the corner? 
 I did, I did. I-I love it. 
 I can walk to everything, and I'm settling in. 
 Well, that's good. I'm happy for you. 
 So we gonna keep up this cocktail conversation, or can we just move past it now? 
 Look, Peggy... I'm sorry. I just... 
 I never meant for this campaign to hurt anyone. 
 You know, I got into this, thinking that it would fix things, and now... I feel like I've only made things worse. 
 I'm just sorry everything got so out of my control. 
 In a way, everything that happened was for the best. 
 It finally allowed Robert and me to admit that our marriage just wasn't working. 
 Are you... trying to tell me something? 
 Are you trying to hear something in what I'm saying? 
 ♪ Consider me ♪ 
 I love those chords. 
 I love those words. 
 Well, the label's gonna hate it. 
 My people are going to hate it. 
 Why? It's not my brand. 
 That's what it is. 
 Is that what's been buggin' you? Yeah. 
 Feels like I'm in a straitjacket. 
 I mean, you do one thing that they like, and they're making you do it over and over and over again, and that's it. Nothing else. 
 Don't laugh at me. It's not funny. 
 I'm not laughing at you. It's just... 
 I'm rememberin' having the exact same conversation. 
 Number of times. 
 With Rayna? 
 And others. 
 What would she do? 
 What, Rayna? 
 Well, she'd probably do what she always does. 
 Stay true to herself. 
 She's always had you there to help her. 
 No, she didn't. 
 I just don't know that I only wanna be this girl who dances around in sparkly dresses with smoke billowing around her. 
 Don't get me wrong. It's fun, and I wanna give my fans what they want, but... 
 What? 
 What if I decide to walk away from being that girl... 
 And nobody comes with me? 
 What am I supposed to do? 
 I know it must be real scary thinkin' about losin' everybody, but wouldn't it be worse to lose yourself? 
 Look, Juliette, there's thinkin' about doin' somethin'... 
 And there's just doin' it. 
 It's nice. Thanks. Thanks for the ride. 
 Well, I mean, 300 yards is a long way to walk. 
 
 
 
 I wish you could see what I can see from right here. 
 And what's that? 
 I see a proud, smart, hard-working man who deserves happiness, who deserves to have someone tell him that she believes in him, that she always has. 
 You shouldn't have to work so hard to try to make someone love you. 
 I'm here with rising star Avery Barkley, who's taking the alt country world by storm, with his new hit single, "kiss." 
 Today, he's gonna show us around his Nashville. 
 Well, this is, uh, my old neighborhood, and that house is the second place I ever lived here in town. 
 You don't live there anymore? 
 No, no. Time came for me to move on. 
 But, uh, it was great. It was great. 
 Best place I ever lived. 
 Excellent. I think we're good. 
 So maybe now we can get some b-roll of Avery walking by. 
 Sure, yeah. Let's get that. 
 You're doing great. 
 Interesting new addition, swinging by your old house. 
 Well, I checked the DVDs out that you gave me, and it seemed like a pretty standard stop. 
 Tugs at the heartstrings. 
 Look like you're reminiscing about something. 
 Now look longingly, then back down. 
 Excellent. Now look up at the house. 
 Avery? 
 Uh, this is my ex-girlfriend, Scarlett O'Connor. 
 She's an incredible musician, and we're still great friends. 
 What on earth is going on here? 
 I'm, uh, filming a segment for "star towns." 
 "Avery Barkley's Nashville." 
 You wanna point your thingy over there? 
 I'm not signing any releases. 
 Come here, please. Go. There. 
 What... what are you doing? 
 When I called and asked to talk to you, I didn't think you'd bring a camera crew with you. 
 No, just the timing worked out. 
 But I mean, it's pretty cool, isn't it? 
 Fabulous. The reason I called you is because I need the money that you owe me. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Please don't play dumb with me. It's very frustrating. 
 The money that I loaned you to cover your half of the rent that time. 
 You havin' troubles this month? 
 That is none of your business. You gonna give it to me or not? 
 Scarlett, you broke up with me. 
 Mm. And seeing as how you're the one who lives here now, I'd say we're even. 
 Oh, you're pissed off 'cause I'm not impressed by your little television show? 
 Is that it? 
 No. 
 You're pathetic. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, what's going on with Scarlett? 
 Watty had her demo, and I listened to it. 
 She is amazing. 
 Got all your talent. 
 You having fun on the tour? 
 Never thought I'd see the day you'd be singing "boys and buses" with Juliette Barnes day in and day out, but, you know, life never ceases to amaze. 
 Glad we had this chat. 
 No offense, but, uh, you look awful. 
 There were shenanigans at my house last night that involved an air horn and 3:00 A.M., and I'm not happy. 
 I might have a solution to that problem. 
 Well, are you gonna take my roommates out back and shoot 'em? 
 No, but I am gonna suggest a new one... me. 
 And I know that look. It can be a temporary thing, but you need sleep, and I need a roommate. 
 We can get somebody else at the end of the month. 
 Whatever you want. 
 I don't know. 
 There'd be rules. 
 Rules? 
 Don't walk around the kitchen naked, and I won't play the banjo in the shower. 
 What if I wanna bring a girl home ? 
 Well, do it. And if I wanna bring a guy home, I'll do that. 
 What if I wanna bring two girls home? 
 You can keep living in that little dream world, but can you just say "yes" and I can get back to my tables? 
 ♪ I never know that love ♪ 
 Juliette! Juliette! Juliette! Juliette! 
 Where are you going? You're not in wardrobe. 
 Juliette, what are you... 
 Juliette! Juliette! Juliette! Juliette! 
 Thank you. 
 Thank y'all. 
 Um, tonight I wanna try a little something different... uh, something a little crazy. 
 And don't worry. I'm gonna play all those big numbers that you guys paid good money to see. 
 What's she doing? She's having a nervous breakdown right there onstage, in front of 10,000 people. 
 But I wanna take my friend's advice real quick, and, uh, he told me that there's thinking about doing something and then actually doing it. 
 So I would like to bring my new lead guitarist and good friend up on the stage to sing a song with me that we wrote together. 
 Deacon Claybourne. 
 Picked a hell of a time to start taking my advice. 
 Yeah, well, I got tired of just thinking. 
 ♪ When all the bright lights ♪ 
 ?♪Have shut down ♪ 
♪ And they have closed every door in town ♪ 
♪ I'll be around ♪ 
♪ When there is nobody left to call ♪ 
♪ And you're surrounded by these walls ♪ 
♪ I'll make them fall ♪ 
 ?♪'ll make them fall ♪ 
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ahh ♪ 
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ahh ♪ 
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪ 
 Never seen her do that before. 
 She sure can sell it. 
 ♪ When all the money has been spent ♪ 
♪ And you've thrown away every cent ♪ 
♪ 'll take you in ♪ 
♪ When you are drifting off to sleep ♪ 
♪ Maybe tonight in your dreams ♪ 
♪ Consider me ♪ 
♪ Consider me ♪ 
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah ♪ 
 Weird to see Deacon out there playing with someone else. 
 ♪ Ah, ah, ah-ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah ♪ 
 Yes, it is. 
 ♪ Ah, ah-ah, ah ♪ 
 I remember what it feels like to lie here like this. 
 Mm. 
 That was a long time ago. 
 Mm. 
 What are we doing? 
 I don't know. But this is wrong. 
 Costume change. 
 You were amazing. Oh, thank you! 
 What? 
 I really wish you would've talked to me before you did that tonight. 
 There was a reviewer out there from the "tribune." 
 He live-tweeted that whole song. 
 Okay. 
 That's great. Right? 
 What? 
 Show me. 
 Doesn't matter. 
 Show me. 
 The tweets don't matter. They do. 
 Please. 
 "Who does Juliette Barnes think she is? 
 "She's a manufactured pop-tart. 
 "failjuliette" 
 "Juliette Barnes should stick to sequins and pyrotechnics "to hide the fact that she's not an artist. 
 "wantmymoneyback" 
 Don't shut me out of big decisions. 
 I thought you were really great. 
 Get out. 
 Get out! 
 You know, I've been thinkin', I would like for you to set up that meeting for me with Scarlett and Gunnar. 
 Did you figure out your stuff with Deacon? 
 Nope. 
 But you know what? 
 He just doesn't get to weigh in on my career. 
 I think that's good. Yeah. 
 I mean, your show's great right now. 
 It's tighter than it's ever been, and you know I've seen 'em all. Mm-hmm. 
 Deacon's doing great with Juliette Barnes. 
 They sounded good, too. 
 Yeah, they did. 
 You know, you and Deacon have been tied up together for a long time. 
 And now you put a little distance between you, and it's feeling like a good thing. 
 It's better for both of us. 
 Hey, Glenn. 
 What are you doing? Are you the one doing this? 
 What? Filling her head with the idea that this is what she should be doing, because it's not. 
 You know, I-I know that you and Rayna were a package deal for all these years. Mm. 
 Juliette... she's a solo act, okay? 
 I know that. Yeah, well, then what the hell was that display out there tonight? I don't know, Glenn. 
 It's something she wanted to try, all right? 
 What was I supposed to do, leave her onstage by herself? Ah. 
 Right? You know, I didn't plan it with her. 
 She does what she wants. You should know that. 
 Is that why you came on this tour... to turn Juliette into your replacement for Rayna? 
 Let me tell you, it really felt like a rayna/deacon special out there. 
 All right, you need to watch it, okay? 
 'Cause you're off base and you're out of line. Oh... she's my boss, and as far as I know, that means I'm supposed to do what she asks. 
 Okay, listen. Deacon, stay in your Lane. Okay? 
 Stay in my Lane? Yeah, stay in your Lane. 
 Stay in my Lane. You're not her boyfriend. 
 You're not her manager. You're just a hired gun who's easily replaceable, man. 
 Tell me how you really feel, Glenn. 
 Yeah, and you know something? You don't get to lecture her about the distinction between doing and thinking. 
 You know, all I've ever seen you do is think. 
 Whatever crap you got going on with Rayna, Juliette's not part of your solution. 
 Can I just ask you something? 
 What in the hell are you doing on this tour? 
 Deacon? 
 No, I just need to know what your... what your... 
 Rayna, I'm done talkin'. 
 You sure about this? Yeah. 
 It'll do fine till the rest of your stuff comes in. 
 So, uh, what'd this room used to be? 
 Well, according to my mama, it was my bedroom. 
 But, uh, in actual facts, Avery's guitar storage room. 
 Your mama really believed you slept in separate bedrooms? 
 There's this plausible deniability thing that happens in my family. 
 As long as you pretend everything's good and proper, it's fine. 
 Agreed-upon delusion. 
 I'll remember that. 
 Well, roommate problem solved. 
 You can go back to being your usual fun self. 
 Try my best. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I came to make peace. 
 I was being a jerk. 
 And I'm sorry for giving you crap about the money. 
 Look, I know we didn't end so well, and I'll admit I did bring that TV crew by because I wanted you to see them. 
 I just... I don't know. 
 I... I guess I wanted to share a little of my success with you. 
 I was just hoping we could still be friends, that's all. 
 I miss having you in my life, Scarlett. 
 Hi. 
 Hey. 
 Uh, didn't realize you were here. 
 It's kinda late to be working, isn't it? 
 We're not working. 
 Oh. 
 I get it. 
 Don't smirk at her like that. 
 I always knew it was just a matter of time before you moved in on her. 
 How long have you been sleeping with him, huh? 
 Oh. You know, you're real good at jumping to conclusions. 
 Well, first you take my band, now you're moving in on my woman. I'm not your woman. 
 Oh, that's all right. 
 You just remember who had her first. 
 You're lonely, and you hate yourself ever since you took up with Marilyn, and that's fine. 
 But you made your choices, and you have to live with them. 
 So don't disrespect Scarlett like that. 
 'Cause you didn't ever deserve her. 
 Uhh! Aah! 
 We're not sleeping together! 
 I'm her new roommate. 
 Get out of our house. 
 Juliette? 
 God, I really need a moment alone, please. 
 What? 
 I know I'm just your assistant, so my opinion doesn't count for much of anything around here, but... I wanted to say that I loved your song, and I love that you were brave enough to do it. 
 Thank you. 
 Have you just been torturing yourself with those tweets? 
 Here. 
 Try this instead. 
 It's been viewed almost 100,000 times, and it has nearly that many "likes." 
 But that was just posted two hours ago. 
 Most people love it as much as I do. 
 Oh. 
 ♪ Oh, the bier winds are coming in ♪ 
♪ And I'm already missing the summer ♪ 
♪ Stockholm's cold ♪ 
♪ But I've been told ♪ 
♪ I was born to endure this kind of weather ♪ 
♪ When it's you I find ♪ 
♪ Like a ghost in my mind ♪ 
♪ I am defeated, and I gladly wear the crown ♪ 
♪ I'll be your emmylou ♪ 
♪ And I'll be your June ♪ 
♪ lf you'll be my gram and my Johnny, too ♪ 
♪ No, I'm not asking ♪ 
♪ Much of you ♪ 
♪ Just sing, little darling, sing with me ♪ 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 What are you doing in Chicago? Where are the girls? 
 They're fine. They're with Tandy. 
 I just had this moment of clarity, and I... 
 I needed to see you. 
 Can I come in? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm glad the response from the world has been so positive, but... listen, we need to go back into the album, we need to put "consider me," "undermine," songs like that on it. 
 Your brand is not the same as everybody else's... my brand is gonna have to develop and change with me. 
 You can't just change who you are on a whim. 
 I have stolen nail Polish. I have left a man at the altar. 
 Everybody in the world knows about my mother. 
 I cannot keep trying to play this role that I was playing before. I'm not gonna try. 
 All right, look, you pay me to give you good counsel. 
 Listen to me. 
 You were great. 
 But it was one song. 
 You're walking a very high wire right now. 
 I just don't wanna see you fall. 
 And I appreciate that, but I'm growing up. 
 And apparently my audience is willing to grow with me. 
 So I suggest you try to do the same. 
 Where'd you learn to fight like that? 
 From my brother. 
 The one who just got out of prison? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Guess we weren't always model citizens when we were younger. 
 Not always a good guy, huh? 
 Not always. 
 You got a problem with that? 
 What happened? 
 Don't worry about it. 
 Let me see... 
 I said don't worry about it. 
 I'm not doing this anymore. You're not my damn girlfriend. 
 Don't flatter yourself. This is purely recreational. 
 We are both using each other to get ahead, and you know it, so don't suddenly act like you're a babe in the woods. 
 We're keeping this professional from now on. 
 You wanna drop me as a client? Drop me. 
 There has to be a better way than this. 
 Yeah, it... things for both of us have been... 
 Been pretty tough lately. 
 You know, I mean, especially the past few weeks. 
 And I know you didn't want me to run for mayor, and I sure as hell didn't want you to come back out on the road. 
 And then all the fighting and the frustration is just... yeah, Teddy, I... let me... let me get this out. 
 Okay. Thanks. 
 You know, I've kept hoping that things would change, that there would somehow be this... I don't know... magical moment where things would just get better. 
 You know, where you look at me and just love me. 
 But the reality is, Rayna, that that hasn't changed. 
 And I'm tired of waiting to see if it does. 
 I want a divorce. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 