Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Move It on Over - Nashville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Move It on Over https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=423&t=20442 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/09/12 17:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Move It on Over 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Nashville"... 
 And I'd love it if you could support me like I support you. 
 I'm tryin'. 
 Why does she have to go to work? 
 Somebody's gotta work around here. 
 You and Deacon should go out on the road together. 
 Remember those love songs you guys used to write? 
 That's 'cause we were in love. 
 We done here? Yeah, we're done. 
 Let's talk about your real estate business. 
 The more we know, the more we can protect you. 
 We have kept this secret a long time. 
 I got nowhere to go. 
 My mother is a drug addict. 
 She's gonna cause a lot more trouble out there than she could in here. 
 ♪ Love struck me out of nowhere ♪ 
♪ like lightning from the sky ♪ 
♪ I wasn't even lookin' for the look in your eyes ♪ 
♪ glory, hallelujah ♪ 
♪ I feel like I've been saved ♪ 
♪ washin' in the river of your real love ways ♪ 
♪ yeah ♪ 
♪ it's something that I've never felt ♪ 
♪ and I can't keep it to myself ♪ 
♪ you got me ♪ 
♪ yellin' from the rooftop ♪ 
♪ so everybody knows ♪ 
♪ I'm falling for you, baby, never letting you go ♪ 
 Oh! One of those had better be for me. 
 Yes. She still at it? 
 Well, at least she's keeping out of trouble. 
 In fact, we should put out press about her being back in the studio, hard at work. 
 That is a great idea... 
 Hey, you guys calling it? 
 Oh, no, she's just finally giving 'em a bathroom break. 
 Which one's hers? 
 This one. 
 You know, there's no reason why this has to be finished tonight. 
 Yeah. 
 Or... this morning. 
 Tell me about it. 
 Problem is, she doesn't wanna go home. 
 Problem is her mom. 
 How long is her mother gonna be there? 
 I don't know. Lawyer says she has to stick around till after her sentencing hearing. 
 Or go to rehab. 
 According to mom, that's a nonstarter. 
 Yeah, well, it usually is. 
 We have not gotten a good enough chorus. 
 I've got to be honest. 
 I don't know how much longer these guys have got it in 'em. 
 Okay, well, I'm paying them. 
 Look, we have reached the point of diminishing returns here. 
 We've got 20 takes that are perfect. 
 Randy, trust me. I will tell you when we have a perfect take. 
 Okay. 
 Hey. Listen to me. 
 I know you don't wanna talk about your mother. 
 But you're gonna anyway. 
 Yeah, I am. As you might have heard, I have a little history with addiction. 
 Look, I'm sure you've tried to get her in a bunch of programs. 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Well, you don't have to do that part by yourself. 
 I can help you. 
 No. 
 I don't... no, I don't need help. 
 Look, I'm just... I'm counting the days. 
 She can stay in her half of the house. 
 I can stay on mine. 
 Then she'll be gone, and that'll be it. 
 That's your big plan? 
 Can you let them know we're done? 
 Yep. 
 Where you goin'? 
 I don't know. 
 Oh, I do love this dress. 
 Uh-huh. Maybe you could wear it on the cover of your new greatest hits album. 
 Hey. 
 I already crossed over to the dark side to do this commercial. 
 Don't push your luck. I told you. 
 I will do a greatest hits album when I'm 70. 
 Okay, but this is Marshall Evans reaching out. 
 This is a peace offering. 
 I appreciate that, but I want my next album to be... 
 New and original and great. 
 Hold on one second. Sorry. 
 Hey, babe. 
 Hey, how's it going? 
 It's goin'. How you doing? 
 You're the one who's about to go do a couple rounds with Coleman. 
 Well, I'm not too worried about the debate. 
 I can handle Coleman. 
 Now my poll numbers, on the other hand... 
 You want me to be there? 
 No. No. We need you to work. It'll be fine. 
 All right. Well, you go give 'em hell. 
 You, too. Love you. 
 Love you, too. 
 Well, I gotta take off. 
 I got a meeting over at the label. 
 All right, well, you give ol' Marshall Evans my best, and, uh, I need a new collaborator. 
 And I also need a new guitar player in case you haven't noticed. 
 Why, did someone suspect us? 
 They will. I had to see you. 
 I can't go to prison. 
 Hey, Peggy, please. Calm down. 
 Wait. No one is going to prison. 
 The auditors wanna question me this week. 
 They will be able to go over all my accounts. 
 Okay, okay. Look. Let's not overreact. 
 Teddy, we borrowed over $2 million... yeah, and returned every penny of it. 
 Doesn't matter. It's still embezzlement. 
 If we both go to the feds now, before they find anything, then there's a good chance that they will cut us a deal... 
 Okay, Peggy, listen to me. 
 If you go to the feds now, it'll ruin everything. Trust me. 
 I want to. It's just... 
 Okay, look. I need some time. 
 Just a day. Give me a day, all right? 
 I'm really, really scared. 
 I know, but I'm gonna find a way to protect both of us. 
 We are gonna be fine. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ I can't remember the last time ♪ 
♪ I laid down in a field of wildflowers ♪ 
♪ felt the wet grass on my skin ♪ 
♪ I wanna remember ♪ 
♪ American beauty ♪ 
♪ feel the freedom runnin' through me ♪ 
♪ you make me feel ♪ 
♪ like I'll always be ♪ 
♪ American beauty ♪ 
♪ American beauty ♪ 
 And cut it. 
 Fantastic, Rayna. 
 Um, we have a problem. 
 What? They didn't like it, did they? 
 No, no, they loved it. All right, it's Deacon. 
 His lawyer just called. He's pushing back on the lyrics. 
 What? 
 Well, your co-writer is not too happy with the tweak to the first verse. 
 Well, I wasn't too happy with it either, which is why I didn't wanna do this stupid commercial. 
 But we agreed to it. 
 Well, apparently the exact changes weren't in the contract that his lawyer approved. 
 Oh, for heaven sakes. 
 Yeah. Well, I'll work on it, but in the meantime, why don't you just call him? 
 That's exactly what he wants. 
 I got it. You have rules. 
 I just don't want this to get complicated. 
 I've worked with a lot of writing teams, and I... I don't wanna get in the middle of something. 
 You worried about Scarlett? 
 You're not gonna get in the middle of something 'cause there's no something getting in the middle of. 
 She has a boyfriend, and I have a... 
 A you. 
 People always end up getting hurt. Trust me. 
 Let's just... let's just keep this not complicated. 
 Not complicated. Okay. 
 If that's the way you want it. 
 Hey. Hey. 
 Jeanne's hosting a guitar pull for Lady Antebellum's producer, and we get to sing. 
 What? Yeah. 
 Lady A is looking for some new songs for their next album, and I've known their producer, Paul Worley, forever. 
 And he's gonna come by tomorrow, hear some new stuff. 
 And I want you guys to play. 
 So we perform here? 
 Yeah. It's like an incredibly exclusive writers night that can lead to getting your song cut. 
 I'd like to add another guitarist, though, just to round out your sound a little bit. 
 It's too quiet in here. 
 Mama? 
 Mama? 
 She's always in here watching TV. 
 Where is she? 
 Maybe she's sleeping. 
 Mama? 
 Damn it. 
 Get out of my house! 
 Hey! 
 Get out! - Those are mine. 
 Go! - That's not fair. 
 I can help a friend, you know? 
 You can't even help yourself. 
 Why are you so mean to me? 
 There's the front gate. 
 Why are you so mean to me? 
 Get your stuff and go. 
 Mama, get back in the house! 
 I don't know why you're so mean to me. 
 You cannot keep doing this over and over again. 
 You have got to get some help. 
 I don't have to do a damn thing. 
 There's nothing wrong with me. 
 You're embarrassing. 
 Oh, I'm embarrassing? 
 I'm not the one that stole the frickin' bottle of nail polish, you little princess, and you call me "pathetic"? 
 Yeah. Heard you loud and clear. 
 White trash. 
 So if you want more of the same, then vote for my opponent, 'cause he has more than a decade on the council. 
 But if you're excited for a new Nashville, a place where homegrown businesses and world-class developments can thrive again, then I'm asking for your vote. 
 My opponent says he's for a new Nashville. 
 But Teddy Conrad comes from a long line of old-school country club politicians going back to his great grandfather... the late honorable senator. 
 Unfortunately, he most closely resembles his father... a man who failed repeatedly in spite of his advantages. 
 I see no need to bring up my father during a debate. 
 Teddy Conrad was born with a silver spoon in his mouth... a spoon that he's used to dig himself into a financial hole he may never climb out of, and he may use that same silver spoon to break ground on a baseball stadium that will drain our city of millions of dollars. 
 The only thing Teddy Conrad has ever done is inherit money and lose it. 
 Nashville deserves better than that. 
 She asleep? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm so sorry about that, Bo. 
 That was awful. 
 Family's complicated. 
 I don't know what to do anymore. 
 The more I try to ignore her, the more noise she makes. 
 I've tried to get her clean a hundred times. 
 That don't work either. 
 Maybe that's part of the problem. 
 What's that? 
 Maybe she can't hear from you anymore. 
 Hello? Hey, it's me. You still wanna help? 
 But Jeanne said the best version of myself, so I thought maybe I'd wear my red boots, but then I thought maybe that was the deranged redneck version of myself, and I don't really wanna do that. 
 Um... well, they're bringing in another guitar player for a bigger sound and all. 
 Yeah, it's... it's kinda crazy. Uh... 
 Oh, mama, Avery's here. We're just about to do dinner. 
 Can I, uh, can I call you back a little later? 
 All right, I love you. Bye-bye. 
 Hey, baby. How you doin'? All right. 
 You're really excited about this thing, aren't ya? 
 Well, I guess it is... kind of a big... thing. 
 You said they're bringing in another guitar player? 
 Yeah. 
 You know... I do happen to play guitar. 
 What do you mean? 
 I'm not doing much of anything else tomorrow. 
 I can... I can come play if you want me to. 
 Really? 
 You wouldn't mind doing that? 
 'Cause I am nervous as all get-out. 
 Having you there... would really mean the world. 
 So it's a "yes"? 
 That's a "hell, yes." Thank you. 
 Hey. Hey. 
 How you doin'? 
 I'm all right. 
 Did you catch anything? 
 Nope. 
 So I wanted to talk to you about this whole commercial thing, you know... see if you could help me try and make it happen. 
 Not the part about changing the words. 
 Well, the changing the words is what's gonna make it happen. 
 Come on, Rayna. It's a good song. 
 I know it's a good song, Deacon. It's still a good song. 
 Don't do this to me. 
 You know it's killing me I'm doing a commercial. 
 I said no to this stuff my whole career. 
 I've gotta do it. 
 I need the money for the family, the whole thing. 
 You know it. - Yeah, well, that's fine, and I get that, but for me, music's all I got. 
 It's the only part of my life that I ever seem to be able to do halfway good, so... it means something to me. 
 Well, I know it does. 
 It means something to me, too. 
 That's why I'm trying to figure out how I can afford to keep playing it. 
 Well, I'm not the one who canceled the tour. 
 You know why I canceled the tour. 
 Doesn't mean we have to sell our songs to the highest bidder. 
 Oh, I see. So now you're so principled that you can't use one of our songs in a commercial, but you can go out there and play with Juliette Barnes. 
 That doesn't seem to offend your delicate sensibilities. 
 I don't want the song in a commercial for beauty products. - Please just sign the release. 
 No. Just come on. 
 No. 
 Hey. 
 Is this how you wanna do this? 
 Nice to see you, Deacon. 
 Nice to see you, Rayna. 
 I talked to Vernon black. 
 He's... he's dying to write with you, but he's booked for the next three weeks. 
 Oh, man. Three weeks? 
 Well... you know, there's not a writer in town that doesn't want to work with you. 
 It's just, the good ones all, uh, you know, have commitments. 
 Maybe I should do it myself. 
 Do what? Write. 
 You know, I gotta keep moving forward. 
 I feel like I've been stuck... 
 Beholdin' to other people. 
 I can prove it to myself. 
 Maybe you should. 
 Now what seems to be the problem? 
 It wasn't the best debate performance I ever saw but... it's more than the debate. 
 It's that damn busted real estate deal... the Cumberland project. 
 Coleman hit a nerve, huh? 
 You lied about it during your vulnerability study, didn't you? 
 Yeah. 
 And it just won't go away. 
 Teddy... 
 What's done is done, but if you want my help, you're gonna have to tell me everything. 
 Sit down. All right. 
 I, uh... 
 I ran out of capital while I was waiting for the permits to come through. 
 Well, then the market crashed. 
 Taxes came due, accounts payable piled up, and I did what I had to do. 
 You floated your funds. 
 So we wouldn't fold. 
 I did it to protect my investors. 
 Where'd the cash come from? 
 One of my partners... Peggy Kenter. 
 Robert's wife. 
 That's right. 
 Partner in what sense? 
 Strictly business. 
 Peggy found the money, and I didn't ask any questions. 
 She was willing to defraud a credit union with you. Why? 
 Well, maybe she wanted our relationship to be more than I did, but that was on her end, not mine. 
 You needed help, you shoulda come to me. 
 Lamar, I thought I had it under control. 
 Anyhow... Peggy was able to bury it till we paid the money back, which we did. 
 But you see, now there's a federal audit. 
 And she's scared. 
 I'll make sure Peggy feels safe. 
 You just keep your head in the campaign. 
 Thank you, Lamar. 
 It's been a hell of a week. 
 Teddy. 
 You are not gonna be your father. 
 
 
 
 Hey. 
 This is Deacon. He plays with the band sometimes. 
 Yeah, honey. I know who he is. 
 This is my mama, Jolene. 
 Why as I live and breathe. Pleasure, ma'am. 
 Juliette, you should've told us we were having company coming over. 
 I must look a mess. 
 Y'all got some rehearsing to do or something? 
 Not exactly. 
 Juliette's been... 
 A little worried about you, ma'am. 
 Says you've been having some troubles. 
 What on earth? 
 No. Um, I'm fine. 
 Mama. 
 Please. 
 What's going on here? 
 I was just hoping we could talk a little bit. 
 ♪ Can't find the strength ♪ 
♪ to stand alone ♪ 
♪ can't seem to find my way back home ♪ 
♪ I fell so far, so deep ♪ 
♪ can't eat, can't breathe, can't sleep ♪ 
♪ don't much care if I live or die ♪ 
♪ loving you is the only way ♪ 
♪ loving you is the only way ♪ 
♪ to fly ♪ 
♪ loving you is the only way ♪ 
♪ somebody said ♪ 
♪ some dreams come true ♪ 
♪ some pass you by ♪ 
♪ that's how it is ♪ 
♪ loving is the only way ♪ 
♪ loving you is the only way ♪ 
♪ to fly ♪ 
♪ somebody said ♪ 
♪ some dreams come true ♪ 
♪ some pass you by ♪ 
 Nice guitar work. 
 Thanks. 
 I can get back on track, you know? 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Just need a little help. 
 Everyone needs a little help now and then, right? 
 If you could do this on your own, don't you think you probably would've done it by now? 
 Yeah. 
 Look at me. I am making a total fool of myself. 
 You know, I remember I used to go down to the whistle stop and I would watch you play in Murfreesboro. 
 You did not? 
 Murfreesboro? That is a long time ago. 
 It was before she was born. 
 Before she was using. 
 Juliette, do you think you'd do me a favor and, uh, get me a little bit more water from the kitchen, please? 
 Thank you. 
 Jolene, I don't even know what I got to say, all right? 
 I can't promise you what's gonna happen if you get clean. 
 But unfortunately, I know exactly what's gonna happen if you don't. 
 I don't mean to be like this. 
 I know that. I know it. 
 I know a really good place, Jolene. 
 Those places don't work for me. 
 That's exactly what I said till one of 'em did. 
 No, Jolene, listen to me. 
 Honey, you have a daughter, and I know to you it looks like she's up on top of the world, but I tell you what... that girl is hurting, and she needs you. 
 She might not know it, you might not know it, but she needs you and she needs you bad and she needs you clean. 
 You understand that? 
 Okay? 
 Okay. 
 All right. Okay now, that's good. 
 You're welcome. 
 What? 
 Oh, clearly, you meant to walk in and say thank you since I did you a favor today. 
 Probably just didn't hear you. 
 What the hell is wrong with you? 
 What was that down there, huh? 
 Excuse me? 
 All you had to do was play what was on the chart, not try and steal the spotlight. 
 Hey, man, no one told me not to be myself while you and Scarlett were making eyes at each other. 
 It's acting, you idiot. We're trying to sell a love song. 
 Yeah, well, it's pretty damn good acting. 
 You know what? I don't need this. 
 Come on. Let's get out of here. 
 With pleasure. 
 You know, I was just thinking that, um... 
 Thinking's not your friend right now, Jolene. 
 Man, those are just for my back. Come on. 
 You can't take these with you. 
 I don't think I can do this. 
 You can do it. You can. I know you can. 
 I can't do this. Man, I can't do this. 
 Juliette, you can't make me do this. 
 Look what you're doing to me! 
 You cannot force me to do this! 
 Well, she's in there now. That's all you can do. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Was she always like that? 
 You know, abusive? 
 Once in a while. 
 Hey. 
 I just wanted to say thank you. 
 Well, you don't have to do that. 
 Between friends, sometimes you can just say, "thanks." 
 I've never thought about anybody like that. 
 What, as a friend? 
 Everybody I know just wants something from me, so... 
 That's a sad way to live. 
 Yeah, well, it may be sad, but it's true. 
 You know, not everybody wants something from you, Juliette. 
 And if you think they do, well, maybe you need to spend some more time by yourself, you know? 
 All these issues you got with your mom and work and that video... just... 
 Just put 'em in your rearview mirror. 
 You sound like a shrink I went to once. 
 Once. 
 Thanks for your help today. 
 So I guess I'll see you when I see ya. 
 You let me know if you need anything, all right? 
 I'll be fine. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Paychecks? 
 Yep. 
 Me, too. 
 Thank you. 
 I heard you two fightin' last night. 
 So I thought maybe I should clear something up. 
 There's nothing going on between you and I. 
 Well... 
 You and I are friends, and we're songwriting partners, but that's it. 
 Of course that's it. 
 I'm with Avery. 
 I know. 
 I'm with Hailey. 
 Really? 
 Like with her, with her? 
 Like, it's a... thing? 
 Yeah, it's a thing. 
 Oh. Sorry. I just, you know, I wanted to be clear, is all. 
 It's from Hailey. 
 Jeanne's heard back from Paul. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 You're up late. 
 Yeah. What time is it? 
 2.30 in the morning. 
 You're up late, too. 
 Just trying to turn things around. 
 That debate didn't help much, so... 
 Sorry you had a tough time. 
 You want to talk about it? 
 Not really. 
 Doesn't really matter anyway. 
 What you working on? 
 I'm, uh... 
 Writing a song, by myself, for a change. 
 I'll leave you to it. 
 What exactly happened between you two? 
 And why'd you... why'd you cancel the tour? 
 Did you sleep with him? 
 No. 
 Do you really think I would do that? 
 Did you want to? 
 Teddy, we have got to just put the past behind us. 
 Believe me, I'm trying. 
 Going back to that place was, uh... 
 A hell of a lot harder than I thought it was gonna be. 
 Walking through that door, smelling that... 
 Rehab sweat, thinking about drugs. 
 She was bad, and I know I was a hell of a lot worse than she was, so, uh... 
 I'm sorry for making you drag me in there. 
 Well, Rayna was the one that saved your life, not me. 
 You holding on to something, buddy. 
 It's time to let it go, okay? 
 She dropped 'em on our way in. 
 There's seven in there. I know. 
 I counted 'em all night, over and over. 
 There's still seven. You can count 'em if you want. 
 Where you going? 
 I don't know. 
 I didn't mean for him to involve you, Mr. Wyatt. 
 Teddy's like a son to me. I can help him. 
 And I can help you. 
 These audits... they come and go. 
 I can make sure that your interview never happens. 
 Oh, I hope so. 
 I don't want to go to jail for doing someone a favor. 
 But I'm gonna need you to do one thing for me. 
 What's that? 
 You say nothing. 
 Betray nothing. 
 Just go to work, stay calm. 
 You do that, and nothing bad'll happen. 
 How do you know that? 
 If you even have to ask that, Peggy, you weren't listening. 
 Just do what I say. 
 Do you understand? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Good. 
 It's good to see you all here tonight. 
 Uh, this song's called "side show." 
 ♪ She's a big top tent with bright spotlights ♪ 
♪ that woman sure knows how to shine ♪ 
♪ you almost can't believe your eyes ♪ 
♪ you can hardly wait to see inside ♪ 
♪ she'll have you walking that high wire ♪ 
♪ jumping through rings of fire ♪ 
♪ give you your moment in the sun ♪ 
♪ be careful not to fall in love ♪ 
♪ 'cause that curtain falls ♪ 
♪ the lights go out ♪ 
♪ the show goes on ♪ 
♪ she leaves town ♪ 
♪ and if you know what's good for you ♪ 
♪ you'll just let her go ♪ 
♪ or you'll end up next to me ♪ 
♪ in her side show ♪ 
 But you have a 2-year lease here. 
 I don't care. I want out of here, today. 
 But that's impossible. We just got this furniture. 
 It doesn't matter. Everything she's touched, I hate. 
 Just leave it. 
 I want to leave it all in my rearview mirror. 
 ♪ And if you know what's good for you ♪ 
♪ you'll just let her go ♪ 
♪ don't end up next to me ♪ 
♪ in her side show ♪ 
 Thank you. 
 Where's Rayna? 
 She's not here tonight, just us... our Thursday night gig here. Uh... 
 I like it better when she sings. 
 Most people do. 
 Two, three, four. 
 Did you know Charlie Hayward played bass on "Laid Back"? 
 Charlie Daniels band Charlie Hayward. 
 You still pissed at me? 
 We didn't get it. 
 In fact, you know what that producer guy said about it? 
 He said, um... 
 "Oh, the song the backup guitarist hijacked?" 
 What? 
 It wasn't your big shot. 
 That was our big shot, and you screwed it up because you're so jealous of Gunnar. 
 That's ridiculous. 
 No, it is... just stop! 
 I told him, and I'm telling you. 
 I choose you. 
 I always choose you every time, and I... 
 I don't know when you're gonna start believing it and stop making me try to prove it all the time. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I don't want to be this couple that fights all the time. 
 I don't either. 
 I-I just want us to... 
 Be the couple that we've always been. 
 You mean me writin' poems and keepin' em 'to myself. 
 Hey, man. Hey. 
 I'm really sorry. I had a few too many. 
 Hey! Hey, man, I was just messin' with you. 
 ♪ With three good friends, two last cigarettes ♪ 
♪ so we could head down south ♪ 
♪ can't live without this lovin' I'm-a gonna get ♪ 
 Hello? 
 Hello. 
 This call will be recorded and monitored. 
 I have a collect call from... 
 Deacon. 
 An inmate from the west Nashville detention facility. 
 Press "1" to accept, "2" to decline. 
 Who was that? 
 Nobody. 
 There was nobody there. 
 I disagree. 
 Are you talking to me? 
 I, uh... 
 I thought about it, and... 
 I disagree. 
 You wanna have all these rules so that nobody gets hurt, which really just means that we pretend not to care, so if the things go bad, we can act like we're fine. 
 But what if I don't want to be just fine? 
 I like you. 
 I want things between us to have a chance to get... 
 Complicated. 
 How... complicated? 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 That's what friends do... they bail each other out. 
 Looks like I'm not the only one who can get myself into trouble. 
 No, I'm pretty good at it, especially when I dig my heels in. 
 Want a ride? 
 Yeah. 
 If we do this, if we go this negative, you know what's gonna happen. 
 Rayna's gonna flip, and Coleman's gonna release the hounds of hell. 
 Yeah, well, if we don't do it, I can guarantee you we're gonna lose. 
 Do you wanna win or not? 
 I wanna win. 
 What'd you think? 
 I loved it. 
 Good. I loved it. 
 Yeah! 
 I think we got call Marshall Evans and tell him we just cut the first track of my next record. 
 Let's do it. Let's do it. 
 Let's do it. 
 ♪ And the lines you cross ♪ 
♪ helplessly, I can only watch ♪ 
 Bucky. Hey, it's Deacon. 
 So listen... 
 ♪ As they ricochet ♪ 
 Y'all go ahead and use that song, all right? 
 ♪ That'll never pay ♪ 
 Yeah, I'm-a let it go. 
 ♪ Like an apparition haunting me ♪ 
♪ now the truth is a ball and chain ♪ 
♪ holding my conscience to the flame ♪ 
♪ covered up, but still I know ♪ 
♪ the secret of the life you're guilty of ♪ 
♪ the smoking gun is what I found ♪ 
♪ the dirt I have on you ♪ 
♪ is the ground ♪ 
♪ ooh, I'm buried under ♪ 
 Your father-in-law is a genius. 
 Those auditors just packed up and left. 
 I told you we'd be all right. 
 You're gonna be the best mayor this city's ever seen. 
 ♪ The truth is a ball and chain ♪ 
♪ holding my conscience to the flame ♪ 
♪ covered up, but still I know ♪ 
♪ the secret of the life you're guilty of ♪ 
♪ the smoking gun is what I found ♪ 
♪ the dirt I have on you ♪ 
♪ is the ground ♪ 
♪ the ground ♪ 
♪ I'm buried under ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 