Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Lovesick Blues - Nashville 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Lovesick Blues https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=423&t=20444 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/30/12 02:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Lovesick Blues 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Nashville"... 
 I would love to represent you and your band. 
 I think my music speaks for itself. 
 Then what are you doing here? Did you sleep with that woman? 
 Are you asking me out? 
 I'm asking you... in. 
 Let's get outta here. And go where? 
 We're young, we're hot, and I've got a jet. 
 We've kept this secret a long time. 
 Is this as bad as it looks? 
 Cheating husbands are my bread and butter. 
 So you came to me to find your voice again. 
 Sometimes you gotta blow up the box. 
 He's my guy. This is my sound. 
 There are other labels in this town who would buy out my contract. 
 Well? I love it. 
 And I have this lyric that I just finished writing that would be so perfect. 
 I will tell her. Yeah. I'll get right back to you. 
 What? 
 Uh, you know how Edgehill's doing a live recording of the 25th anniversary show at the Ryman? 
 Yes. 
 The high church of country music. 
 Right, well, Marshall Evans wants to follow that release with an album of your greatest hits. 
 What? I know. 
 We have said no. We are not doing that. 
 I swear. That guy. It never stops. 
 You know I've done every anniversary show that this label has ever had? 
 Yep. 
 I'm gonna close this show with one of these new songs. well, okay, but I don't know if this is the right time. 
 I think it is. 
 Cheers to that. 
 Sure nice doin' something other than football. 
 Seems like every hour of my life is spent working on the game. 
 All work and no play? That's no good. 
 Hey, I'm playing a set at the Ryman this week. 
 It's my label's anniversary concert, so it's kind of a big deal. Mm. 
 Do you wanna come? Get your mind off the game? 
 With you? 
 Yes. 
 Juliette. 
 Juliette, we need to talk. 
 I'm busy. 
 Yeah, and I'm serious. Come on. 
 So it's already getting that much play, huh? 
 They devoted a whole segment to it on ESPN. 
 Look, he wins a game or two, she kicks ass at the Edgehill's aniversary show on Sunday, some other awful thing happens in the world, we're back on track. 
 What are y'all talking about? 
 Makena thought that you cozying up to Mr. goody two-shoes over there would help your negatives, and it did, for about ten minutes. 
 What she didn't account for was all the negative press it would generate for him. 
 Some of his fans are holding you responsible for his poor passing in the last couple games. 
 Okay. Who cares what a bunch of football nuts think? 
 It's not just them. It's the tabloids, too. 
 People don't like their heroes dating kryptonite. 
 I am not kryptonite, all right? 
 And we're not even dating. I don't... 
 I don't know what we are. 
 Is this what you brought me over here to talk about? 
 No. 
 Marshall Evans wants to see you... personally. 
 Don't tell me he's a football fan, too. what'd you get? Look at this. Perfect. 
 Welcome to your first taste of success. 
 Oh, we look good in big letters. 
 Yes, you do. 
 Man, I've barely been able to get in this venue, much less play it. 
 I've called every producer, every entertainment reporter, every music blogger in town. 
 We're gonna make sure that this place is filled to capacity. 
 500 people? Yeah. 
 That beats the hell out of the 50 we usually play for. 
 No kidding. 
 And I'm lining up a meeting with Dominic Wells, the president of cascade heights records. 
 Dude, he is big in Atlanta. 
 Domino is big everywhere, and he's looking to sign new acts. 
 Wow. That's... that's cool. That's great. 
 So why aren't you more excited? 
 I am. 
 Really? Yeah. 
 It's just, you know, Scarlett's been to every dive bar we've ever played, now when we're someplace like this, just... feels weird without her. 
 So put her on the guest list. 
 But if you want the prize, you gotta keep your eyes on it. 
 Yeah. 
 I know. 
 How long does he expect me to wait? 
 He's not running a country. 
 Five more minutes, and I'm gone. 
 Look, here he is. 
 Juliette. 
 Glenn. Marshall. 
 How are ya? Thanks for coming. 
 We're gonna make a few changes to the lineup at the Ryman. we're only gonna have you do one song. 
 Ex... have you lost your mind? 
 One song for the artist that's gone multiplatinum twice for this label in the past three years? 
 There's no denying you've been a tremendous boon to the label. 
 But within the music community and certainly in the public eye, there's a perception that you're... wildly successful? 
 Look, legends have played the Ryman stage... people with long and storied careers. 
 And considering the brevity of yours and your recent troubles, I would say that you... I have kept this label relevant and made you a lot of money. Juliette, hold on. 
 You, too. 
 There's no question that Edgehill believes in you. but in order for us to protect our investment, we need... no, I'm not an investment. 
 I'm an artist... your top-earning one... and I deserve to at least close the show. 
 You will... 
 Just not alone. 
 We're all judged by the company we keep, and in front of the industry's heavyweights, I think you'd benefit by performing with someone who's viewed with tremendous respect. 
 Rayna Jaymes. 
 What?! 
 Daphne, do not stand there. That is bad for your eyes. 
 And anyway, a watched pot never boils. 
 It's not a pot, mom. And it's popping, not boiling. 
 Ohh, excuse me. 
 So is dad gonna be home for movie night? 
 I hope so. He wouldn't miss it! 
 Daddy! Come here. 
 Okay, so comedy, Sci-Fi, action, or chick flick? 
 Documentary? 
 No! Boring. 
 All right, girls, go get us set up. 
 Okay. Oh. Popcorn! 
 Coming up! 
 And how are you doing? 
 You know, I'm good. 
 Started working on a new track today, getting ready for that anniversary show we're doing this week... 
 Having movie night with my family. 
 Life is good... 
 Except, of course, Marshall Evans. 
 Why? Is he not liking your new song? 
 Oh, you know, he's just a big proponent for the status quo. 
 Unless, of course, you have even the slightest downturn, in which case he'll just throw you to the wolves entirely. 
 Yep. Sounds like politics. 
 Mm-hmm. How's it going? 
 My numbers are way up. 
 Good. Mm-hmm. 
 Hello? 
 Teddy, I'd like to speak with you privately. 
 Coleman? 
 Yeah. 
 Candidate to candidate. 
 Can you come down and meet me at the Riverwalk? 
 Sure. When were you thinkin'? 
 Now. It's important, Teddy. 
 Okay. 
 What'd he want? 
 He wants to talk to me tonight. 
 About what? 
 I don't know, but, uh, ever since the arrest, there's been some rumblings about the viability of his run. 
 Well, you gotta go, right? 
 I'm sorry. 
 It's okay. 
 I won't be long. Okay. 
 Girls, I gotta run out. I'm sorry. I'll be back. 
 All right, girls! Chick flick! 
 Hey, you okay? 
 Yeah. 
 Just never realized how sad my Uncle's songs were before. 
 It just seems that way 'cause you're going through a breakup. 
 Maybe. 
 Doesn't help that Avery's posters are all over town. 
 I've never missed one of his shows. 
 You've gone and twisted yourself into a pretzel supporting that guy. 
 You dumped him because... 
 He didn't repay the favor. 
 I dumped him 'cause he went over to that woman's house, knowing full well he might have to sleep with her. 
 He didn't. 
 At least, he said he didn't. 
 What if I've just made the biggest mistake of my life? 
 Maybe you should follow his lead and write about it. 
 Oh, Gunnar, I know we haven't written lately... 
 It's just not there. 
 Sorry. 
 Any luck? 
 Nope. 
 She just needs help healing the wound. 
 Leave it to me. 
 Coleman. Teddy. 
 You know, Rayna and Tandy are like sisters to me. 
 Lamar was never like a father, but, uh, I did learn a lot from him. 
 He's very effective silencing his enemies. 
 I'm not sure what you're implying, but I hope you didn't drag me anyway from my family tonight just so we can compare notes. 
 I'm here to discuss a withdrawal. 
 Yours. 
 What? What do you mean mine? 
 What the hell is this? You had me followed? 
 Like I said, I learned a lot. 
 These are meaningless and completely out of context. 
 She is just a friend. 
 Drop out the race, Teddy. 
 You have until the weekend to decide. 
 After that, these get leaked to the press. 
 You'd really do that? 
 There is no affair. 
 You know what, Teddy? I believe you. 
 I just don't think anybody else will. 
 Why on earth would they put me up onstage with that woman? 
 Personally, I think it's a great idea. 
 Her husband's about to become mayor. 
 She's a living legend. It's all good cred. 
 Oh, come on. "Living legend"? 
 That's just a fancy of saying "past her prime." 
 Marshall wants it to look like Rayna is taking you under her wing, like she's... like what? 
 Like she approves of me? 
 I don't need anybody else's wings, okay? 
 I've done this all on my own, and I plan to keep it that way. 
 Then in addition to not having a tour, you won't be performing at the most revered venue in this town for the biggest musical event of the year. 
 Is that what you want? 
 Her husband is 15 years older than her, works in a foreign country while she volunteers for your campaign. 
 There's no getting around it. This looks bad. 
 I don't know how you could do this, Teddy. 
 What are you talking about? Peggy has always pined for you. 
 Why do you think she helped you secure that loan? 
 Look, I didn't do anything wrong, but there is no way I'm gonna subject my wife or daughters to this... the photographs, the speculation. 
 Unfortunately, it's too late for that. 
 Now Coleman's always been a man of his word, but I can guarantee you that these pictures are gonna surface whether you drop out of this race or not. 
 Oh, come on. What are you suggesting? 
 That I just sit back and let it happen? 
 No, no. What I'm suggesting is that you come clean. 
 Are or were you having an affair with Peggy Kenter? 
 No. 
 Then the photos can be explained. 
 You simply tell them as much of the truth as you need to. 
 What about the credit union connection? 
 If I say there's no affair, what makes you think that Coleman is not gonna go digging around, looking for whatever else it might be? 
 Teddy, that paper trail has been wiped clean. 
 Now as I see it, the larger problem here is Rayna. 
 You need to get rid of Peggy. 
 So who are you gonna tell first? 
 Oh! Damn it. 
 Thank you. 
 All right. Look. Hey! 
 You're driving me crazy, girl, all right? 
 You can't put something down two minutes without you washin' it and puttin' it away. 
 Sorry. Come here. Sit down. 
 Rule number one... when a relationship ends, you gotta get out of the damn house. 
 All right, I don't care what you do or where you go, you just cannot sit around here, being lonely, doing... 
 This. 
 I'm-a put you and Gunnar on the list for the Edgehill anniversary show. 
 That's really kind of you, but I really don't feel... 
 I can't wait. 
 Good. 
 If you're house band leader, does that mean you play in everybody's act? 
 Yep. 
 Even Rayna's? 
 Yep. 
 Is it gonna be hard for you, seeing her again, since you quit the band? 
 I'll be just fine. 
 And I was fired. 
 Well, not the first day. 
 No, I guess... 
 The very end. 
 Hey, you guys! Hey there, Rayna. 
 How you doin'?! 
 This is Liam McGuinnis. 
 He'll be joining us. Hey, guys. 
 Hi, girls. 
 Um, I think we're gonna start with "already gone." 
 I haven't quite figured out the rest of it yet, but we'll get on that. 
 Hey. Hey. 
 I wondered if you were gonna be here. I wasn't sure. 
 Yeah, they got me leading the house band. 
 Of course they do. Best of the best, right? 
 How you doin'? 
 Good. How you been? 
 Can't complain, so I won't. 
 You working with this guy now, huh? 
 I am. 
 Bit of a wild card, I heard. 
 Sometimes I like to mix it up, you know. 
 Yes, you do. 
 Mr. Claybourne, big fan. Liam McGuinnis. 
 Thank you. Yeah, nice to meet you. 
 Same here. 
 I'm gonna get to it. 
 Tremendous talent. 
 I never understood why he didn't pursue a solo career. 
 Ms. Jaymes. 
 Hey, Marshall. How are you? 
 You guys come down to talk about how we're gonna close the show? 
 Oh, I don't care which song closes, but I do care who you perform it with. 
 All right, well, I'll go get set up. 
 Marshall, come on now. 
 I'd like you to do a duet to help bolster the reputation of a fellow Edgehill artist. 
 Who? 
 Are you kidding me?! 
 We've been through this. The answer's no. 
 It's not a request. 
 Well, I don't take orders. 
 Then I'll be releasing your greatest hits album immediately. 
 Like hell you will. 
 It's blackmail. That's what it is. 
 I mean, he... just continues to threaten me with extinction if I don't work with this girl, and he keeps threatening me with a greatest hits album. 
 It's the same passive-aggressive maneuvering that prompted me to take a leak into one of Mr. Evans' potted plants. 
 Seriously. 
 Oh, man. What do you think about Juliette Barnes? 
 Nice rack. Okay voice. 
 Uh, packaged to a tee for 14 year olds. Yeah. 
 Is there anything there? Anything? 
 Well, she sells a lot of records. 
 She knows how to play the game. 
 She does. She knows how to play the game. 
 Sometimes that's what it takes. 
 You know what? I am so sick of this greatest hits threat. 
 Hey, buck, all right, so listen. 
 Call up Marshall Evans. 
 Tell him if I'm gonna save Juliette Barnes' public image, he is going to owe me. 
 If I'm gonna do this duet, the next record I do on Edgehill is gonna be my own music produced by Liam, and I don't ever wanna hear another word about this greatest hits album unless it's my idea. 
 All right. All right. Let me know. Bye. 
 Playing the game. 
 Manipulation. 
 Negotiation. 
 All the greats have been through here. 
 Must have been amazing. 
 Still is. 
 I had a meeting with the sound tech. 
 Why are you here? 
 I just wanted to see it, see it from here. 
 I've only ever sat in the audience. 
 Wasn't that long ago I was getting off the bus from Alabama. 
 Everybody thinks I'm just a flash in the pan. 
 Well, this is the place to prove 'em wrong. 
 Yeah. With a duet? 
 With Rayna Jaymes? Yes. 
 You know, if you'd quit fighting it, there's a lot you could learn from her. 
 Yeah, well, there are a few a things she could learn from me, too. 
 You can do this. 
 I know. 
 I'll see ya at rehearsal. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I am picking you up and dusting you off. 
 The best way to get over someone is to get under someone else. 
 
 
 
 Hey, guys. You ready to get started? 
 Been ready for 20 minutes. 
 Okay, well, we're all here now. 
 It's my fault. Ran a little late this morning... 
 No thanks to last night. 
 You're Liam McGuinnis, right? 
 Yeah. 
 I've heard some good things about you. 
 Then somebody was lying. 
 All right, y'all got a song picked out for this duet? 
 Yeah, I've got some song ideas. I'm sure you do, too, so we can just... well, then we'll get out of your way. 
 We'll get you set up. 
 By the way, I'm not sure what deal you and Marshall made that makes you willing to walk in here and act all nice, but let me save you the trouble. 
 I'm willing to do this duet, no problem, as long as we skip over the part where we act like we actually like each other. 
 Deal? 
 You do what you gotta do, kiddo. 
 Hey, guys. 
 I never wear these things. I cannot feel my feet. 
 Just gotta get used to 'em. Come on. Let's get drinks. 
 Tequila shots. Wow. 
 How you doing? 
 Good. You? 
 Better now that you're here. 
 Care to dance? Uh... 
 She'd love to. 
 ♪ lf you wanna knock-down, drag-out ♪ 
♪ Go on, let your hair down, party on the farm ♪ 
 Uh, that was fast. 
 You're welcome. 
 ♪ Skynyrd to the rolling stones ♪ 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ Start me up till Tuesday's gone ♪ 
♪ Get your buzz on ♪ 
 Well, I just think that we need to go out big. 
 I think I know how to close a show. 
 Okay, then why don't we look for a song that gets 'em all the way up in the balcony instead of a ballad that puts them to sleep? 
 We might be differing about what gets them in the balcony. 
 My fans are looking for an exciting show. 
 I understand that. Why do you think I'm here? 
 Same reason we're all here. 
 It just also has to be something that is authentic. 
 You should be happy that I'm even here to expand your fan base. 
 I thought we were here because you've got fans whose parents don't want 'em looking up to a shoplifter. 
 Okay, okay. That's what Marshall told me. 
 Shut up. It's one song, all right? 
 Surely to God, the two of you can come together on one song! 
 I'm really sorry to have to do this over the phone, but it's... it's best that we're not seen together. I thought we'd gotten through the worst of this when the audit was stopped. 
 I know. I know. Well, I don't understand why this can't also be stopped. 
 Because it's in the hands of the opposition, Peggy, and he will do whatever it takes to bring me down, even if it means a smear campaign based on a few innocent photographs. 
 I think that's it's best that you tell Robert what's happening. 
 But, look, the good news is, you can say with all honesty that there is absolutely nothing going on between us romantically. 
 Yeah, well, that's true. 
 You just need to be prepared to tell everyone else that, too. 
 Okay. 
 ♪ Oh, I'm rockin'♪ 
♪ I won the lottery ♪ 
♪ And now everybody's talking about money in the bank ♪ 
♪ Gas in the tank, a little hottie riding shotgun ♪ 
♪ ln my new mustang ♪ 
♪ Well, if she asks about me ♪ 
 Gunnar. 
 Sorry. It's just, that guy's all over her. 
 That's the point. 
 I just don't want her to do something she's gonna regret later. 
 Oh, my goodness. This is the best song. 
 I love this song. 
 Oh, yeah? Come on up here, pretty girl. 
 Really? 
 ♪ Love is a burning thing ♪ 
♪ And it makes a fiery ring ♪ 
♪ Bringing her to the heart's desire ♪ 
♪ I fell in the ring of fire ♪ 
♪ And I fell into, into, the burning ring of fire ♪ 
♪ I fell down, down, down, down into the deepest fire ♪ 
♪ And it burns, burns, burns, burns the ring of fire ♪ 
♪ The ring of fire ♪ 
♪ The ring of fire ♪ 
 Thank you so much. 
 Oh, my goodness. Can you believe I did that? 
 Are you okay? 
 Yeah. Uh... 
 I need a drink. I'm just gonna go... 
 Get a drink. 
 You were incredible up there. 
 Oh. No. Um... 
 Come on. You had the whole bar in the palm of your hand. 
 Well, I guess maybe I did. 
 ♪ I got my boots laced up with my guitar string ♪ 
 Anyway, thanks... thanks for tonight. 
 I didn't do much. 
 You got me up dancing. That's something. 
 Hey. What the hell? 
 Is this... 
 I'm sorry. I didn't know she had a boyfriend. 
 I don't have a boyfriend. He's not... what are you doing? Me? 
 You go M.I.A., and I find you hooking up with some guy you barely know? 
 I wasn't hooking up. 
 I thought I was supposed to relax and let loose. I... 
 Well, I didn't think you'd be that loose. There y'all are. 
 What's wrong? Everything. The whole thing... 
 Tequila shots, random guys, and jumping up onstage. I shouldn't have come. 
 No. Scarlett. 
 What the hell happened? 
 I just don't think that's the right song. 
 You know I've been writing a lot of great new stuff. 
 Maybe it'd be exciting to do something new and different. 
 No, no, no. I don't wanna take a chance on one of your completely untested songs. 
 Okay, I've got songs that have gone multiplatinum, and you still don't think they're good enough to play here. It's not that I don't think that they're good enough to do here. 
 It's just that the Ryman stage is a place where Tammy Wynette has played... I know. 
 And patsy cline, and people go there to make history. 
 That's how we should be thinking about this. 
 We could edge up a classic. 
 Oh, there's an original idea. 
 He's trying to help. 
 By doing what? 
 I could have written three songs in the time we've been sitting here listening to you reminisce about your glory days... the days where you didn't need me to help you fill seats. 
 Let's be clear about somethin' right now. 
 You are gonna be on that stage because of me. 
 All right? I am doing this as a favor for the label that I helped create. 
 You have not earned that place at all, and everybody here knows it. 
 That was bad. 
 Girl seriously needs to get laid. 
 That is so not her problem. 
 Okay. 
 Look, ray, I get it. Y'all two don't mix, and she's not exactly miss manners, but I'll tell you what. There's somethin' there, all right? 
 And she sure as hell didn't deserve that. 
 I'll tell you somethin' else, too. 
 You don't remember back when you were starting out, people said you weren't traditional country enough? 
 'Cause I do remember. You hated it. 
 Man, she sure got you whipped, doesn't she? 
 Let's just get one thing real clear. 
 What's that? It's just as simple as this. 
 I don't believe in that music. 
 It's called "undermine." 
 I wrote the first verse. She wrote the rest of it. 
 You listen to this. You tell me that girl doesn't have it in her to be a great songwriter. 
 It's not the right time for this. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I just... I think we should wait. 
 Wait for what? 
 Just... 
 I'm just not into casual s*x. 
 That's all. 
 Are you kidding me? 
 No. 
 You got about 20 tattoos, and you won't have s*x? 
 It's not that I don't want to. 
 I mean, you're beautiful, but I-I... so this is really fake, isn't it? 
 Look, I like you... oh. A lot. 
 But it's... it's all for appearances? 
 No. That's... that's not what I mean. 
 Are you gay? Oh. 
 Is that why you agreed to this? Because you needed a skirt? 
 Hold on. Hold on. 
 How do you get to gay from me wanting to take things slow? 
 Let's talk about this. 
 No, I am not gonna talk about it anymore. 
 All right, this was never gonna work anyway. 
 You need to go. Juliette, stop. 
 Don't. 
 ♪ Be my baby tonight ♪ 
♪ Ooh ♪ 
♪ Be my baby ♪ 
♪ Be my one and only baby tonight ♪ 
 I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have come without calling... Scarlett. 
 But you haven't called. We haven't talked about anything. 
 I-I'm trying to follow all these stupid rules, but... 
 Listen, I'm... I miss you so much. 
 Hello again. 
 Scarlett, wait! 
 Look, just wait. I can explain. 
 You're sleeping with her! 
 I didn't start until you broke up with me! 
 Scarlett, I don't love her. 
 Okay? Scarlett, come on! 
 Please go. 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 May I come in? 
 Great. Thanks. 
 Beautiful house. 
 So... I think we need to start over, and I don't think any of those songs that we were looking at are the right thing, so I think there's just one solution. 
 Okay, and what's that? 
 We need to write it. 
 You want to write with me? 
 Nope, but I think that's what we're gonna have to do, so, uh, let's just set our minds to it. 
 We've agreed to this situation. 
 We are going to suck it up and be pros about it and get it done. 
 Do you have coffee? 
 So you spoke with Peggy. How did she react? 
 Not well. She was pretty upset. 
 Well, you know, if she was unstable at all, we... we could use that. 
 What? 
 She's fine. 
 All I'm saying is, if she had any personal problems, anything with her husband, it could explain her seeking you out for counsel, rather than the other way around. 
 I mean, we wouldn't want anybody to think that there was any sort of trouble with your marriage. 
 Well, there isn't. 
 Ah. Does Rayna know about the loan you secured on the cumberland deal? 
 No. Good. You keep it that way. 
 Now as to this other situation, I've been giving it some further thought, and I think that the correct way to handle this is just simply to... 
 Keep feeding... 
 The voracious news cycle. 
 With? 
 I thought the charges against him were gonna be dropped. 
 They were. 
 But I thought a phone call to a friend was in order. 
 I mean, possession is a felony after all and should be taken seriously, particularly by our political leaders. 
 Come on, Lamar. You and I both know those weren't his drugs. 
 Coleman has been sober over 20 years, and he's been a longtime sponsor. 
 Then he can fight it in court, and he'll likely win, but the election will be over by then. 
 No, I think we have to let the verse breathe. 
 Yeah, but the chorus is the hook, and we have to get to the hook fast. 
 No, we don't. What's the hurry? 
 Seriously, what's the rush? 
 Okay. Fine. Fine. We'll just extend the verse. 
 Okay. 
 This song about Deacon for you? 
 Not necessarily. 
 How about for you? 
 All of 'em. 
 So after the second verse, I think we should go out on a double chorus. 
 No bridge? 
 We're gonna have a 6-minute song. 
 I think we have to have a bridge. 
 Do you have any orange juice? 
 I got some vodka. 
 You think they're still alive? 
 Hard to say. 
 I wouldn't want to get in between those two. 
 Actually... 
 I would. 
 Suit up, boys. We got some work to do. 
 You got somethin' for us? 
 We're about to find out. 
 This is Dominic Wells, the man behind cascade heights records. 
 Domino, I want you to meet the one and only Avery Barkley. 
 How you doing, partner? 
 Marilyn... she sing your praises like the church choir. 
 She say you fixing to blow up. 
 It's a real honor, Mr. Wells. 
 Just call me "domino." 
 All right. Domino. 
 I just signed Avery and his band, and he is. 
 He's the future, and he's got a voice, domino. 
 You'd like it. Be worth your time. 
 You know, we, uh, we just brought the house down at Tequila cowboy the other night. 
 You know, you should come hear me play this Friday. 
 And I wish I could. 
 But listen, I gotta catch the plane to Atlanta. 
 Why don't you come to A.T.L.? 
 Come to the "a" so I can show you how we get down in the "a." 
 ♪ Rock 'n' roll ♪ 
 Tried to call you earlier. 
 Because? 
 I wanted to see if you were available tomorrow, to write. 
 I mean, uh... 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, I'd love to. 
 I just didn't know if you'd ever want to see me again. 
 Well, actually, I wanted to thank you. 
 You changed my life... 
 That night at the bluebird. 
 And if I'm gonna lose someone, I'd glad it's not you. 
 Nice shoes. 
 Ryman auditorium. 
 Only took you three years to get here. 
 You should be proud of yourself. 
 Can I have a minute by myself, please? 
 Yeah. 
 Guys, I need a minute, please. 
 Wow. 
 Uh, you look... wow. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Look, I just... I want you to know that... 
 I would like nothing more than to make love to you, but I respect any woman too much to do that outside the confines of marriage, especially you. 
 Really? 
 I know that's weird and old-fashioned, but I'm willing to play it any way you want to, including leaving you alone if that's what you want. 
 But what I want is just to really get to know you better. 
 If you did, you... 
 You wouldn't like me very much. 
 It's too late. 
 Trust me... 
 I'm not gay. 
 Good evening. 
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 
 I'm Marshall Evans, president and C.E.O. of Edgehill-Republic records. 
 We want to thank you all so much for coming tonight, and welcome to the historic Ryman auditorium, the mother church of country music. 
 We're here to celebrate Edgehill-Republic's 25th anniversary. 
 We've got a fantastic show for you tonight. 
 We hope you all enjoy it. 
 You look so beautiful, mom. 
 She sure does. Thanks, guys. 
 All right, come on, girls, let's go. 
 Mama's gotta be onstage so. 
 Okay. Hugs. 
 Mwah. Mm. 
 I'll see you on the side of the stage! Bye, mom. Okay. 
 Good luck. 
 Thank you. Hey. 
 You all right? 
 Yeah, of course. Why? 
 You seem a little bit like you got the weight of the world on your shoulders. 
 Look, let's... let's talk about it later. 
 You sure? 
 Yeah, I'm sure. Come here. 
 I love you. 
 Love you, too. 
 All right. Have fun. Okay. 
 ♪ lt's midnight and I'm lonesome again ♪ 
 Whoo-hoo! 
 I cannot believe we have to do this. 
 Well, let's just get it over with, and we'll never have to do it again. 
 Promise? Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome back... 
 Oh, you got my solemn vow on that. Nashville's very own, Edgehill's most successful artist, without whom this evening and this label wouldn't be the same... 
 Ms. Rayna Jaymes! 
 Hey, Nashville! 
 It is just thrilling to be here tonight to celebrate my label and most importantly, my fans. 
 Thank you. I love you. 
 And in honor of this wonderful evening, I've got a very special guest here... a fellow Edgehill-Republic recording artist and a friend of mine. I'd like to invite her to the stage right now... miss Juliette Barnes. 
 Juliette and I wrote a special song for tonight, just for this particular occasion, and we're gonna play it for you right now. 
 ♪ lf you think you're gonna hear how much I miss you ♪ 
♪ lf you're needing to feel better 'bout yourself ♪ 
♪ lf you're wanting to hear me say I forgive you ♪ 
♪ 'Cause Tequila turned you into someone else ♪ 
♪ lf you're looking for one more chance ♪ 
♪ A little stand by your man ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ Coming through your speakers ♪ 
♪ This one's about a liar and a cheater ♪ 
♪ Who didn't know what he had ♪ 
♪ Till it was gone ♪ 
♪ You've got the wrong girl ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I got your number ♪ 
♪ Don't know what kind of spell you think I'm under ♪ 
♪ This ain't a feel-good, "everything's fine" sing-along ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
 This is gonna be huge. 
 ♪ Tell me, boy, was she worth every minute ♪ ♪ 
♪ I hope you had the time of your life ♪ 
♪ You made your bed, now go lie in it ♪ 
♪ All I got to say to you is good-bye ♪ 
♪ How'd you think I'd react ♪ ♪ 
♪ Singing "baby, come back"♪ ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ Coming through your speakers ♪ 
♪ This one's about a liar and a cheater ♪ 
♪ Who didn't know what he had ♪ 
♪ Till it was gone ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong girl ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I got your number ♪ 
♪ Don't know what kind of spell you think I'm under ♪ 
♪ This ain't a feel-good, "everything's fine" sing-along ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ Everybody makes mistakes ♪ 
♪ We can work it out ♪ 
♪ Wouldn't it be nice if that's what I was singing now ♪ ♪ 
♪ But you got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ Coming through your speakers ♪ 
♪ This one's about a liar and a cheater ♪ 
♪ Who didn't know what he had ♪ 
♪ Till it was gone, gone, gone ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong girl ♪ 
♪ 'Cause I got your number ♪ 
♪ Don't know what kind of spell you think I'm under ♪ 
♪ This ain't a feel-good, "everything's fine" sing-along ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song ♪ 
♪ You got the wrong song, yeah ♪ 
 We love you, Nashville! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 