Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Nighthawks - American Gothic 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Nighthawks https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=664&t=27866 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/06/16 22:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Nighthawks 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  American Gothic... 
 Brady : The Silver Bells Killer. 
 Consistent M.O.: strangulation with a belt. 
 Was found in the rubble. 
 It is the first SBK murder weapon ever recovered. 
 We have to tell the truth. 
 Just close your eyes. 
 Tessa :  I can't bury our dad  until I have some answers. 
 Madeline :  If you're looking  for the bells, they're gone. 
 Tessa :  When we were kids, Garrett was the sweetest. 
 He was gonna marry Molly and have kids. 
 I'm sorry about Jack. 
 He needs therapy. 
 You had a dark streak, too. 
 I think you should leave. 
 Why? 
 Because you're a grenade. 
 Garrett : Then maybe you should handle me  carefully. 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 (METALLIC CLANGING) 
 Gunther : Now, raccoons are destructive. 
 To get rid of a destructive pest, you have to lure them in. 
 Good morning. 
 Gunther :  Best way to do that...  with food. 
 Can I make you some breakfast? 
 Gunther :  Now, this took some trial and error. 
 Eggs and bacon. Pancakes? 
 Or I could just do French toast. 
 Not hungry. 
 Gunther :  You got to find just the right bait. 
 But I figured it out. 'Cause raccoons love eating cat food. So do cats! Hey, Phyllis. You can't do this. You're endangering neighborhood pets. This is private property, ma'am. We can set whatever traps we want. Then I'm not letting Caramel anywhere near this place. Then everybody wins. Damn rich people. Too much free time on their hands. Tessa :  You have to be kidding me. There must be lots of belts that look like this. But look at the doghouse in the background. It's half-painted. And the belt from the concrete had a smear of green paint on it. It's the same green paint. This is Cam we're talking about. He draws a cartoon frog for a living. When he sees a homeless guy, he gives him all the money in his pockets, and now you're telling me he was a teenage serial killer? No, Tess, all I'm saying is that that is the belt that was used to strangle David Morales, and that is Cam wearing it. (EXHALES): Oh. Maybe... someone else had access to it. Or Cam borrowed it. Yeah. Or lent it. Yeah, of course, of course. Look, I can shut all this down, but I'm gonna need a sample of Cam's DNA. And that way we can prove that the blood on the belt isn't his. I'll talk to him. Madeline :  Let's get this over with. Garrett won't be joining us. Shocker. First, your father left the entirety of his assets to me, but he would want you to be taken care of always. He loved you so much. So whatever you need, come to me. Your father also left me in charge of Hawthorne Concrete, and I've decided to sell. What? The company is Dad's legacy. It's too much to handle alone. In fact, we've been talking about selling because of your father's... condition. He trusted me to do what's best... But maybe there's a way to keep... ...and he would expect the entire family to support my decision. (SIGHS) Are there any other questions? I have a question for Cam. Brady hasn't shown this to anyone. If Cam gives a DNA sample, he won't have to. I don't even remember that belt. Madeline : I do. It was expensive and you barely had it a week before you got paint on it, so I put it into the Goodwill pile for Gunther to drop off. Well, it could have wound up in anyone's hands after that. I mean, including Gunther's. Could that box of bells in the shed have belonged to him? I just thought it was your father's creepy, old memorabilia, but I guess it's possible. Gunther? He's such a nice guy. God, Tess, everyone's such a nice guy in your world... What? I'm a nice guy, but the police want my DNA. Dad's a nice guy and we still wonder about him. God forbid anybody doubt whether Garrett's a nice guy, even though he looks like an axe murderer... What is wrong with you? Let's face it, someone around here is not that nice of a guy! Stop it. Okay? Now, listen to me. Cam wore a belt that went to Goodwill. That's it. You don't owe anybody anything. And you should never give a DNA sample without a warrant. The cops can spin the results to fit any narrative they want. Brady wouldn't. Plus, you'll be in the system for all eternity. They'll test your blood for everything. All right. Tell Brady it's a no. Okay. What is Jack doing? Is that Harper's doll? What are you doing? Gunther says you have to put something in the cage that the animal wants. You're trying to trap your cousin? (GASPS) Therapy. Yeah. Tom :  The kid isdisturbed.  Imagine if Harper had crawled in there. The whole family's a mess in the wake of everything, and I still can't believe my mom is already selling the company. What if there was a way to still keep it in the family? What do you mean? What if I bought it? What do you think? (CHUCKLES) We agreed you'd devote yourself full-time to supporting my run. We're in this together. Are we? I need you. I do. I-I can't win this election without you. We're losing ground to Conley. He brought in one of Obama's social media consultants. I need your help. Not just with the girls, with the campaign. Linda :  This is promising.  The belt found in the tunnel... that particular style was only sold in five stores starting in '95. We get sales records. We check those against who was present when the concrete was poured... boom. Yeah, yeah, "boom" is right. I can't just sit on this photo, Tess. It's a matter of time before somebody here realizes that someone in your family had that belt. What do you expect me to do? You got to get Cam to reconsider giving his DNA. I told you, it's a no. It's the fastest way to shut all this down. Find another way. Fine, you can provide your own DNA. If there's no familial match, then we know that Cam's in the clear. No, Brady, no. If my family is saying no, so am I. You don't need permission to get a sample from your wife. Dana, do me a favor, don't eavesdrop on my phone calls, okay? I was passing through, happened to overhear. Different thing. Just saying. You live together. It's legal for you to take a DNA sample from your own home. Now I know why you're divorced. Twice. He's unpredictable. I-I mean, sometimes he's a normal kid. Other times it's like he's... missing an empathy chip. He gave this weird speech at my father's funeral. He tried to put his cousin in a cage. He... cut off a cat's tail. Not to hurt it, just to see if the nerves would... regenerate. Um... you know, so we-we thought it would be a good idea for him to see a professional. What would really help Jack is if his parents lived together under the same roof again. (CHUCKLES): Well... well, we were always fighting, I mean, that wasn't good for him. My mom died when I was ten, so my dad sent me to a counselor. Pointless. Soph, she helped me when I was younger. If you'd like, I'd like to try to help Jack. Come on. Let's give it a try. Fine. I just have some forms for you to sign, and I can fit Jack in tomorrow at... noon? This a consent form to record the sessions? For liability purposes because Jack is a minor. Did my mom have to sign one of these for me? It's standard procedure for underage clients. So... you recorded my sessions? Yes. Sophie :  What's wrong? When I was a teenager I was blitzed out of my mind. I said some weird stuff in therapy, like dark stuff. Yeah, you're not the only one. No, it's... Brady found a photo of me from back then wearing a belt like the one they found in the Silver Bells murder that he's investigating. If the police do some digging and find those tapes, it wouldn't look good. So, what now? I have to destroy those tapes. Tessa :  Cam's innocent.  I know you know that. It's just such a weird situation, but we shouldn't let it get between us, right? I mean, we're first. Yes, we are. Okay, I'm late to meet Lesley for a drink. Love you big. Love you big. (SIGHS) Brady :  Dana, I need you  to test one of these hairs against the blood on the SBK belt, but I need it done on the down-low. How low we talking? Results can come to me and only me. (SIGHS) Naomi : Great to see you here, Tom. Tom : I have an idea on how to win back the youth vote. One of my old hedge fund buddies, he's launching a mobile gaming app. I can reach out, see if we can get some sponsored content. 70% of mobile gamers are under 18. We need voters... of voting age. I was thinking about Stephen Gostkowski. The kicker for the Patriots? His "Q" rating with the 18-to-25 set is astronomical, and he just met with a political consultant. He's considering running for office. And what better way to dip his toes in the political waters than by endorsing you? I'd swing up three points, at least. Yeah, we just need a way to woo him. Well, he's wearing a charity bracelet for the Boston Arts Education Program. How do you...? Well, Tessa's on the board. Could you fast-track a fund-raiser for the program? How's Friday night? Well, we'll need some Patriots gear around the house so Stephen knows we're fans. Great, yes, Tom, we could use your help with that. Therapist :  Tell me how you're feeling.  I know you're dealing with a lot right now: your parents living in two different places, your grandpa's death. It's okay if you're not comfortable talking to me yet... but I know someone you might feel right at home with. Jack, meet Jake. Jake's parents have been fighting, and that makes him want to do things to get their attention. I don't talk to inanimate objects. My cousin Harper plays with dolls and, honestly, it's super dumb. Also, your puppet is not anatomically correct. Where are his teeth? (EXHALES) (BEEPING) "7862." What's that? The code to the delivery entrance in the back of the building. How'd you do that? Tessa :  I'm impressed.  A major fund-raiser. Only you could pull this off with such short notice. It's good to have a project. The house seems... so quiet. (ANIMAL SCREECHING) Is that a raccoon? Oh, God, it's stuck. (TESSA SHOUTS) Gunther? He's been giving me the creeps lately. Waitress : Here you go. Woman : Garrett. Molly. I-I heard about your dad. I'm so sorry. Yeah. Thanks. What? You look e-exactly the same. Excuse me. So, are you back in Boston for good? Uh... I'm not sure. I don't know. I Googled you a couple years ago. You might be the only person I know with zero social media footprint. I don't... I don't know what that means. (CHUCKLES) Pardon me. Right. Well, it's really good to see you. I should, uh... No. I have some questions. You at least owe me that. What are you doing in there? I was looking for this. What the hell was that with the raccoon? He couldn't be saved. No reason to prolong his death, right? Nobody should have to die in a cage, anyway. Gunther? This is your last day. Garrett :  How you been? Molly :  Not bad. You? Mm, good. You married? Huh? Kids? No, you know what? This is not... not how this goes. You do not get to hide behind questions about me, 'cause the last time I saw you, we were talking about shopping for rings, then you were gone. The same guy who courted me with surprise takeout from my favorite Chinese hole-in-the-wall, sang me to sleep after I had to put my dog down. You vanished. No call... no nothing. I asked your friends, your family. Nobody knew where you went or why you... ♪ Oh So, then I thought... maybe it was me. No. ♪ Can't get my feet on the floor ♪ No. Here's the part where you tell me why you left. ♪ I've been living in my head ♪ 
♪ I can't get my feet on the floor... ♪ Before I left, there were... there were things happening that I couldn't... I couldn't... Everyone had this idea of... who they thought I was gonna be. Uh, the golden boy who takes over the family business, you know. I was never gonna be that guy. I just... I couldn't pretend anymore. ♪ I've been living in my head... ♪ If that's the explanation you're gonna give me after 14 years, don't think for a minute I am just going to nod my head and say, "Now I understand everything," and ask you to join my book club. ♪ I can't get my feet on the floor ♪ 
♪ I've been living in my head ♪ (SIGHS) Uh... ♪ I can't get my feet on the floor ♪ Do you still like cashew chicken? ♪ Can't get my feet on the floor ♪ Extra cashews. We could... we could go to the Chinese place, maybe? ♪ Can't get my feet on the floor. ♪ Maybe. (CAT MEOWS) Caramel. (CAT MEOWS) Caramel. Here, Caramel. (BEEPING) ♪ ♪ 
 
 It kind of... it kind of feels like I'm floating, you know? I can feel every cell in my body. (LAUGHING): It's awesome. I'm not high this time, if that's what you were thinking. I wasn't thinking that, Cam. Yes, you were. But that's okay. People assume the worst of me. Cam, you're shaking. I-I want to talk about the body. Stop. Sit. Don't make me talk to you like you're a dog. What is your deal? (WHISPERING): It's weird being here after breaking in here. (SIGHS) What if I messed up? I feel like we're going to get caught. You won't. Therapist :  I thought this time  we might try something different. Me, too. I even brought my own puppet. Oh, that's very nice, Jack. Let's see it. You want to come over tonight? I have plans. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) What? What's going on? I can't continue seeing Jack. Look, I'll be happy to e-mail you the names of some therapists whose areas of expertise are more in line with his areas of... Good luck to you. My son just got fired by his therapist. (BACH'S "CELLO SUITE NO. 1 IN G MAJOR" PLAYING) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) It's quite a turnout. Excellent. We may need Gunther to bring in more seating. I fired Gunther. What? You did? I had to. I've been getting this really weird feeling from him lately, and, well, then there was this incident that... Now's not the time. Let's just enjoy this. (DOORBELL CHIMING) Oh, look. Woman : Stephen Gostkowski is here. Alison : Hi, Stephen. Great to see you. You remember Naomi? Naomi : We're expecting maximum attendance around 8:00 p.m. Madeline will introduce Alison, who will say a few words, and hand over the floor to you. You draw up the play and I'll run it. That's what I'm used to. Great. Let me introduce you around. There it is. Well, this is incredibly weird. You were right. So you want to... What? You eager to go downstairs and schmooze with donors? No. Cashew chicken. Wow, this is... so different. The bed was over here. Remember that? Yeah. I remember everything. (CHUCKLES) You kept these? (MUMBLING) Hey. (LAUGHS) ♪ What are these? Scars. No. I know. Wh... how did you get them? What does it matter how I got them? 'Cause it matters. Tell me. It doesn't matter. It... because it matters. Stop! Molly. Don't touch me. I went to that stupid coffee shop three days in a row. What? Your mom told me... I don't know what I was thinking. Madeline :  Cheers. Alison :  Let's toast  once the endorsement's official. Oh, we will. But this one's for the offer I just accepted for Hawthorne Concrete. Already. Big company out of Moscow. Darcolo. No mixed feelings? It's the end of an era. It's a ruthless business. And there's certain skeletons that I'm glad to be rid of. And... your campaign will get a big infusion of capital at a critical time. (DOORBELL CHIMING) Oh, if it's that lady and her cat... Alison : What the hell? Did you invite Mayor Conley? Of course not. I'll handle this. Mmm. Can I get you anything else? You're probably wondering what I'm doing here. One, the stuffed mushrooms. Two... Naomi : What is this? Your brother breaking into a medical facility in Longwood last night. You were stalking him? Stalking, opposition research. It's a fine line. I'm sure he had a good reason for being there. Wearing a baseball cap? Going through a delivery entrance of a medical building at 1:00 a.m.? A medical building that houses pharmaceuticals? What do you suppose a former junkie was doing inside there for 45 minutes? Go ahead. Amuse me. Hazard a guess. What do you want? Give up the Stephen Gostkowski endorsement. Just tell him you're no longer in the market for his support, 'cause if he goes anywhere near that podium tonight, these pictures will be in tomorrow's paper. What is this? What the hell? You're breaking into places to steal drugs now? What? No. I wasn't there to steal drugs. Then why were you there? It's complicated. I left something there, and I had to go get it. (SCOFFS) You're lying. I'm not. Where'd you get this, anyway? Are you having me followed? Conley's people took them. And if Stephen Gostkowski endorses me tonight, he's going to take them to the press. You can't. They'll arrest me. I'll lose Jack. You got to help me out. You did this to yourself. You. No, no, no, please. We're out of time, Alison. We have to get down there. Thank you all for coming here tonight. And thank you for your generous contributions to the Boston Arts Education Program. At a time when teachers are forced to use test scores to assess the quality of public education, it's more important than ever that we defend our children's ability to create. You okay? Yeah. Now, we have some incredible people here tonight to support this cause. One of whom is Mayor Bill Conley. Come on up here, Bill. Mayor Conley and I just had a private conversation, which I'd like to share. We just talked about the fact that despite our differences, we can reach across the aisle when it comes to our kids and their education, especially in the arts. As the proud sister of a professional artist, I've seen firsthand how effective arts education can be in helping young people forge successful, creative careers. (CROWD APPLAUDS) Cam :  Thank you, I-I promise you I wasn't there to get drugs. Stop. How many times have you promised no more drugs, you're better, it's over, how many times? How much do the rest of us have to sacrifice? That endorsement could have sealed the election for me. So, tell me what to do, Cam. Tell me... 'cause you've been a mess since you were a kid, and now Jack's following in your footsteps, so what do we do? I've tried tough love, Tessa's tried coddling, Mom's tried shipping you off to the most expensive rehab facility in this state. How do we fix you? Or is it just... not possible? You don't need to be fixed. Your family doesn't get you. I get you. You want to stay for a late night snack? What if I just stayed? Dang. Yeah? Oh, no, I said "dang," not Dana. Oh. My name's only one letter away. You know what else? It's also only one letter away from DNA. (CHUCKLES) This job is my destiny. Cool. I have news, by the way. The full report will take a few days, but, uh, give you the headline. Hey, buddy. Hey. Can't sleep? I could, but it was boring. What are you watching? Something boring. Can I watch, too? Sure. Hey, so... what happened today at the therapist's office? She didn't like my puppet. What puppet? I'll show you. Thanks, Phyllis. Now I have teeth. (DOORBELL CHIMING) What the hell? We need to talk, Mrs. Hawthorne. Oh, well, whatever it is, I'm sure it can wait till tomorrow. No. It's about the Silver Bells case. Give us a moment, please. Of course. All right, well, now that you've made a scene... That wasn't my intention. What do you want? The, uh, leather belt we pulled from the collapsed tunnel, the one we believe the Silver Bells Killer used to strangle his last victim, turns out you purchased a belt just like it a month before the murder. Brady : Detective Cutter. I am in the middle of something, Detective Ross. This family is not connected to the Silver Bells killings. That is still to be determined. No, I tested their DNA and the report shows no match to the belt. Linda : So, I guess it's just a coincidence that the type of belt you owned wound up in concrete made by your company. No, not a coincidence. One of my longtime household staffers, Gunther Holzmann, had access to both the belt and the work site, and as much as it hurts me to say so, I think you should look into him. And where is he? I terminated his employment yesterday, but I can give you his address. Where did you get the sample? What? To test the DNA, you needed a sample. Where did you get it? I-I-I took a hair from your hairbrush. What? Tess, technically, it's legal without your consent because it's from our own home. "Technically legal"? I don't care if it's legal. I said no. No, Tess, I know, but... come on, you got to look at the bigger picture here. I just exonerated your family. You betrayed my trust. We talked about this, we agreed, and then you went behind my back. Get out. What? I'm staying here tonight. What's going on? Business trip, Moscow, back Thursday. It was you. You bought Hawthorne Concrete. Well, technically, Darcolo Industries did, but I will be running it. I love you, Ali, but I'm done being your lackey. Consider this my officially tendered resignation. Alison :  I thought I had everything managed...  but now I just... I feel powerless. My marriage, my campaign... Alison, in one night you saved your brother from a probable arrest, you raised $60,000 in arts education, and you looked killer in that dress. (LAUGHS) You think? I do. You orchestrated this whole thing with Molly. Why? I wanted to show you what's good about this life so you wouldn't want to destroy it. It almost worked. Still could. I want you to be happy. You want my silence. Can't I want both? Garrett. You need to make peace with the past in a way that's not destructive. I don't know if I can. (GRUNTS) And you did this chopping carrots? Mm-hmm. Maybe get the bag of baby carrots next time. Hmm... a good idea. I'm lucky this place was nearby. You live around here? Yeah, pretty close. You? Not far. I feel like, uh... I feel like I've seen you before. Yeah, maybe the news. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Your father... Yeah, my father was a victim of the Silver Bells Killer... but they're closing in on the guy now, finally. That is good news. (WHISPERING): Yeah. Tessa :  It does feel like the killer could be someone close to us,  which is really freaking me out, honestly. Honestly, me, too. (CLATTERING) (TESSA SCREAMS) (CRYING) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 