Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Day of Wrath - Shadowhunters 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Day of Wrath https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=546&t=30695 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/24/17 01:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Day of Wrath 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Isabelle :  Previously on  Shadowhunters... 
 Mom. 
 (SIGHS) My sweet girl. 
 What does this have to do with me? 
 Blood. 
 See, that's why you want Clary and that is why you always will. 
 Let's discuss the vampire den, shall we? 
 Now, because of you, I'm being called in to answer for it. 
 Find Camille, or die trying. 
 You're the only one I know who knows her as well as Raphael. 
 I know her better. 
 This helps me how? 
 If Camille had that snake guarding it, it must be precious to her. 
 If you can't help him, then you need to go. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 Stop. We need to get Alec out of here, but this isn't helping. 
 Please don't leave me, Alec. 
 Aldertree : Jace Wayland! You are hereby sentenced to the City of Bones to await trial for the charge of high treason, and aiding Valentine in the war against the Clave. 
 (SIGHS) 
 (ENERGY PULSATING) 
 (WAILING IN DISTANCE) 
 (WAILING CONTINUES) 
 What is your business here, Shadowhunter? 
 I need to see Jace Wayland. 
 (CRYING IN DISTANCE) 
 (SCREAMING IN DISTANCE) 
 (GASPS) 
 Get me out of here. 
 Please... 
 Enoch : Pay no heed to their desperation. 
 They all deserve to be here. 
 Infractions against the Clave do not go unpunished. 
 Jace. 
 Jace : You shouldn't have come here. Take her out. 
 No. 
 I'm not going anywhere... 
 Unless I know you're gonna be okay. 
 Is Alec safe? Is he all right? 
 He's fine. 
 Jace, I feel terrible. 
 You're here because of me. 
 If I hadn't fallen under Dot's spell... 
 You're not what put me here, Clary. 
 I have to pay for my actions. 
 Clary : Not by yourself. 
 What can I do to help? 
 Please, tell me. I will do anything. 
 You can stay away from me. 
 What? 
 No matter what happens, never come near me again. 
 Jace, what are you talking about? 
 You're my family. 
 I am Valentine's weapon. 
 You think he's just gonna let me go? He knows that you... (SIGHS) 
 You're my weakness. 
 If I ever get out of here, he'll come after you again. 
 Let him. 
 I'm not afraid. We'll fight him off together. 
 There is no together for you and me, Clary. 
 There never can be. 
 Jace... 
 We're done here. 
 No. 
 Jace, please, don't do this. Jace! 
 Bye, Clary. 
 No, Jace! No! 
 Jace! 
 How'd it go with Aldertree? 
 Well, the man didn't disappoint. 
 In his own charming, inimitable way, he informed me that I will indeed be punished, but the form of punishment is yet to be decided. 
 All for trying to save my life. 
 Jace may have been the one who pulled me out, but I did feel you there. 
 And it did make a difference. So... Thank you. 
 Thank you for not dying on me. 
 (STAMMERS) How is Jace? 
 He won't be gone long. 
 Once his hand touches the Soul-Sword, the truth will come out... 
 And prove that he's never been on Valentine's side. 
 Look, um, I know that with everything that's been going on, I... 
 (STAMMERS) We haven't had a chance to... 
 Go on that first date we never had? 
 Right, yes. 
 I know a place in SoHo that has the best lamb kebab this side of Marrakesh. 
 (GASPS) Or we can Portal to Marrakesh. You hungry? 
 Starving. 
 (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) 
 Raj : Hey, Alec. 
 Demon briefing in the ops center. All hands on deck. 
 My dear Raj... You look well. 
 Rain check? 
 Yes, yeah. (STAMMERS) Is that okay? 
 You go battle your demons. 
 I'll go battle mine. 
 Oh, Clary. I've been looking all over for you. 
 I heard you went to see Jace. Is he all right? 
 He's locked up in the City of Bones. How do you think he's doing? 
 Look, we're late for this briefing, so can we just... 
 Clary, wait. There's something I have to tell you. 
 The Clave is reassigning me to Idris. 
 What? 
 (SCOFFS) Why? 
 I'm Valentine's ex-wife. 
 I hid the Cup for 18 years. They're... Testing my loyalty. 
 But the Clave has to know that you're not on Valentine's side. 
 Just tell them you'll prove your loyalty here. 
 I wish it were up to me. 
 So it's either I go to Idris, or I run. And... 
 I've done enough running. 
 But I just got you back. 
 I know. 
 That's why I want you to come with me. 
 Move to Idris? 
 I know it's a big change, but I could finally show you where you come from. 
 And we'd have a fresh start... Together. 
 Isabelle : Demon attack downtown. 
 One mundane dead. 
 And we don't have Jace, so... 
 You're with us. 
 Wait. You want me on your team? 
 It's not my first choice, but we're a man down, and everyone else is on patrol. Gear up. 
 We got a 10-54. I don't see a dead body, though. 
 Luke : Nothing to see. It's a false alarm. 
 Just some dumbass kids pulling a prank. 
 All right, you have a good night, huh? 
 You, too. 
 Well, this is one nasty demon. 
 Punched a hole right through his chest. 
 With that kind of strength, I doubt it's done yet. 
 Nothing in the immediate area. 
 We're taking the body back to the Institute. 
 I'll run some tests to see what kind of demon we're dealing with. 
 Clary and I will widen the perimeter. 
 Hey, Fray! 
 We got a demon to hunt. Come on. 
 Most important thing. Don't slow me down. 
 You slow me down, you get us both killed. 
 Sounds reasonable. 
 (RUNE SEARING) 
 What's this for? 
 Lets you see the demon's heat signature. 
 Clary : Whoa. 
 First time can be sensory overload. The trick is to focus. 
 Try to filter out everything unimportant, hone in on the heat signature. 
 Yeah, I'm honing. I'm just not seeing anything. 
 Alec : Patience. 
 Easy for you to say. 
 For someone who hasn't been training her whole life, this stuff is impossible. 
 Impossible just means try again. 
 (SCOFFS) 
 Not that you have to worry about all that. 
 You'll be outta the field soon enough. 
 You're going to Idris. 
 Wow, news travels fast. 
 (SIGHS DEEPLY) But I haven't decided yet, so don't get too excited about throwing me a going away party. 
 Honestly, I think you'll like Idris. It's amazing. 
 Yeah? 
 I bet that it'd be pretty amazing to get me out of your hair, huh? 
 I didn't say that. You did. 
 Mr. Santiago... 
 Thank you for coming in. 
 Not like I had much of a choice. 
 Believe me, I was hoping to resolve our little vampire den dilemma without dragging you in here. 
 But last night, one of my team raided another one in Ocean Hill. 
 Fourteen mundanes drained. Three of them children. 
 (SIGHS HEAVILY) 
 Camille at work. She's always had a thing for kids. 
 It has nothing to do with my clan. 
 Unfortunately, we've reached the limit on kicking the can down the road. 
 If you want to prove your innocence, deliver Miss Belcourt to the Clave. 
 You think I haven't been trying? 
 I want to believe you, Mr. Santiago, but sadly... (SIGHS) 
 I'm not sure I do. 
 Based on your long list of missteps over the past seven decades, it seems you have a hard time controlling your urges. 
 All unfortunate misunderstandings. 
 But I told you... I had nothing to do with those feedings. 
 It must've been Camille. 
 Where is she now? 
 I told you, I don't know. 
 And if I did, I'd go over there and find her myself and stop her. 
 What a hero you are, Raphael. 
 (REMOTE BEEPS) 
 (GRUNTING) 
 What are you doing? 
 Something new from the Clave R&D department. 
 To convince our vampire friends to cooperate. 
 (BREATHING HEAVILY AND GRUNTING) 
 Concentrated UV rays. 
 Even more intense than sunlight. 
 (CONTINUES GRUNTING) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 Stop! 
 Where's Camille? 
 I told you. I don't know. 
 (PANTING) You can't get away with this. 
 Torturing Downworlders is a breach of the Accords. 
 We are aware of our restrictions on torture. 
 We call this motivation. 
 (RAPHAEL GRUNTS) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 (HAMMERING) 
 Are you kidding? Not even a dent? 
 (SIGHS) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (CELL PHONE RINGING) 
 Hey, Mom. What's up? 
 Dinner tomorrow. Eight o'clock. Don't disappoint me. 
 You sound just like Grandma, except with more guilt. 
 (PANTING) If that's even possible. 
 Your sister is coming home for the weekend, and I think it would be a good time for us to all get together. 
 What do you feel like? Ribs or burgers? 
 I'm actually kind of on a liquid diet now. 
 What? One of those cleanses? 
 That's why you look so anemic. 
 Come on. When was the last time we had a nice family dinner? 
 Look, Mom, I... I really want to come, it's just... 
 My manager has me on this really tight deadline  and I have to find female singer for one of our gigs. 
 I am sure Raphael will understand. 
 Yeah, well, you don't know him like I do. 
 But I know what family means to you. 
 Yeah, you're right. I'll be there. 
 (CELL PHONE BEEPS) 
 (SCREAMING IN DISTANCE) 
 Clary... 
 I know you said to stay away, but... Sorry, I can't. 
 I can't be away from you. 
 Why can't you understand? You being near me and reminding me every second of every day what I want, but I can't have. 
 We'll figure it out. 
 Don't be afraid. 
 No. 
 Be afraid. 
 (GASPS) 
 (INHALES SHARPLY) Clary! 
 (PANTING) 
 Hodge : Jace? 
 Are you okay? 
 Hodge? 
 Hodge : Try not to sleep. 
 The Silent Brothers use mind control to haunt you with nightmares of those you've hurt the most. 
 You must never sleep. 
 (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) 
 You were right to take my hand, Jace. 
 I never should have given the Cup to Valentine. 
 Maybe someday you'll forgive me. 
 I don't believe in forgiveness, Hodge. 
 I just stand by my actions, good or bad, and I accept the consequences. 
 Unmerciful to the bone. 
 That's what's always made you the best. 
 But this place... 
 It'll bleed every ounce of defiance out of you. 
 I'm nothing like you. 
 They want me to bend, they can die trying. 
 Wait until your trial. 
 After what they do to you... 
 You will be like me. 
 Alec... 
 (CLARY GASPS) 
 (GIRL BREATHING SHAKILY) 
 (SHUDDERING) 
 What happened? Who are you? 
 It's okay. We're here to help. 
 It's a classic possession hangover. 
 Once the demon leaves the body, they have no memory of what they did. 
 (SHUDDERING) Is this blood? 
 Just try to keep calm. 
 Clary : Hey, don't look at your hand, okay? 
 Just look at me. 
 (GASPING) I don't understand. 
 What's going on? 
 I know nothing makes sense right now. But I'm going to help you. 
 I promise. 
 (CONTINUES BREATHING HEAVILY) 
 Okay? 
 Luke : As if you haven't been through enough, now the Clave wants to rip your family apart? 
 I'm talking to Aldertree. 
 It's not his call. 
 The transfer orders came from the Council. 
 Then I'm going with you. 
 Absolutely not. 
 For 18 years, you've put Clary and me first. 
 This is my cross to bear. 
 That's not how this works. 
 When Valentine took you, I promised myself it was the last time I'd ever be without you. 
 But you hate Idris. 
 And what about your life here? 
 Your work. The pack... 
 It'll be hard to leave behind. 
 But I'm a stubborn man... And I know what I want. 
 (DOORBELL RINGS) 
 Magnus : Coming! 
 Oh, Raphael. 
 I didn't know where else to go. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 Oh, my poor boy. 
 Everything's gonna be all right. 
 I'm going to take care of you. 
 Come in. 
 (BREATHING HEAVILY) 
 Take him down to the morgue. 
 And call as soon as you identify what kind of demon we're looking for. 
 Until Victor comes back from the trial, I'm running point on this one. 
 Lydia... 
 (SIGHS) Have you heard anything about Jace? 
 I know you're worried, but I'm still waiting, just like you. 
 Except I'm the one who put him there. 
 If I didn't make that deal with Aldertree... 
 Jace would've been torn apart by wolves, and Alec would be dead. 
 You did what you had to do. 
 Wow, that guy's heart is obliterated. 
 And I thought I was having a rough weekend. 
 Show some respect for the dead. 
 I'm just saying, I've been in his shoes before. 
 Except my demon's name was Kathy. 
 You know, you might want to cut back on the smartass after getting manhandled by a warlock. 
 Let me know if you find anything. 
 Raj : Wow, who died and made her queen? 
 You keep shooting your mouth off, you're gonna end up like that corpse. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Aldertree knows how I took you in. 
 How you're like a son to me. 
 That's why he did this. 
 He was looking for Camille. 
 And punishing me at the same time. 
 So, can you help me deliver Camille to the Clave? 
 Raphael... 
 I know it's a lot to ask. 
 Which is why I haven't until now. 
 Aldertree gave me 12 hours to deliver her, or he'll burn me alive along with my entire clan. 
 (KNOCKING ON DOOR) SIMON: Magnus, you there? It's me. 
 Okay, time to put your money where your mouth is about helping me find Camille, 'cause Raph... 
 Man, you are everywhere! 
 Aldertree did this to me because of you. 
 Yeah, well, you look like crap. Bring it on, Scarface! 
 Hey, hey, hey, boys. Relax. 
 Let's talk this out like civil Downworlders. 
 Anyone for a martini? 
 I'm having a double. 
 You threatened my mother. 
 And if you'd even lifted half a finger to find Camille... 
 Lifted half a finger? I Portaled to freakin' India and had to face off with a cobra! 
 And all I got was this stupid box of hers! 
 This stupid box is sacred. 
 You know why? 
 It contains Camille's grave dirt. 
 Grave dirt? 
 I thought maybe diamonds, or that gold ring she stole from Cleopatra's tomb. 
 So we're excited about a box of dirt. 
 Anyone wanna clue me in? 
 If you have a vampire's grave dirt, you can use it to summon them. 
 Great. Except, not that it means anything, but that thing's harder to open than the Lost Ark. 
 Ouch! What the hell? 
 To open the box, you need Camille's blood. 
 And since she's your sire... 
 Okay. Now what? 
 (ALARM BLARING) 
 Clary : Oh, my God, Welkie! 
 What happened? 
 Classic possession hangover. 
 Hole punched right through his chest. 
 Just like our mundane in the morgue. 
 The demon's in the Institute. 
 Lydia : Activate emergency surveillance. Victor's unreachable. 
 I've ordered the Institute be put on quarantine until we kill this thing. 
 But I don't get it. How did the demon get past the wards? 
 Same way it got in without setting off this. (SIGHS) 
 It must have some advanced cloaking ability. 
 It hid in that dead body and let us do the rest. 
 I didn't know demons could do that. 
 Until now, they couldn't. This new form of possession, cloaking ability, targeting the Institute, it's... 
 Valentine. His experiments. 
 My mom told me how he was determined to create a super-being that could defeat the Clave. It's what he tried to do with Jace. 
 Both victims had damage to the prefrontal cortex. 
 The demon must be feeding on negative emotions. Anger, hate, rage. 
 Causing the host to violently act on those urges. 
 So we continue to scan for venom and heat signatures. 
 Try to narrow down the host before it strikes again. 
 Alec, you check the living quarters. 
 You two take the utility tunnels. 
 I'll stay with you. 
 Day just keeps getting better. 
 Demon ichor. 
 (SIGHS) It must've come through here after the kill upstairs. 
 So Idris, huh? 
 I thought you were a New York City girl, tried-and-true. 
 Wow, does the Institute have, like, a Twitter feed? 
 You live in this place long enough, you know everything. 
 Clary : (SIGHS) Actually, I'm still trying to figure it all out. 
 Is there a rune for letting you be in two places at once? 
 I wish. 
 My mom really wants me to go with her. 
 And we went through so much to get her back, but I just... I don't know. 
 At least you have a mom who wants to be with you. 
 Who thinks you're smart and wonderful... 
 Yeah, who erased my memories and lied to me about having a brother. 
 I'm not saying she hasn't done some pretty screwed up things. 
 But all moms do. 
 So maybe you should be glad you have one who wants to try and make things right. 
 Wait. 
 You think I should go? 
 Of course not. 
 No one in Idris is gonna teach you how to fight in five-inch heels. 
 (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) 
 Come on. (INHALES SHARPLY) 
 We've got a demon to hunt. 
 If you're trying to make up for your incompetence, don't bother. 
 I'm not in a making-up mood. 
 (IN DEMONIC VOICE) Wow. 
 No wonder Alec ditched you for a warlock. 
 (GROWLS) 
 You want a piece of this? Come get it! 
 (ROARS) 
 (GROANING) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 (GROWLING) 
 (BONE CRACKS) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 Lydia! 
 (GROWLING) 
 (GROANING) 
 (GROANING) 
 Alec : You're okay. 
 Jeremiah : You stand before the sword, accused of treason against the Clave, as well as the murder of two Downworlders. 
 Be thee innocent or guilty, may the truth free thy soul. 
 Have you anything to say before we start? 
 Facilis descensus Averno. 
 "The descent into Hell is easy." 
 I'm glad you believe in our sacred Clave motto. 
 Alec and I use it to remind each other we can't be broken. 
 Cold feet? 
 Listen, I get this can't be easy, considering you and Camille used to, you know... 
 But... if you're feeling guilty about handing her over to the Clave, I can show you phone shots of the den she created, 'cause it's... 
 It's messed up. 
 Plus, she... She killed me, too. So there's that. 
 I admit she's gotten more reckless over the last 200 years. 
 And I can't defend anything she's done... but she isn't pure evil. 
 Not to doubt your word, but I need proof of concept on that one. 
 Not too many people know this, but... when I was living in London, in the early 1870s, I was in a bad place. 
 No matter how hard I tried... 
 I couldn't see my way out. 
 Then on one particular stormy night... 
 I got as far as the ledge of Blackfriars Bridge. 
 And if... 
 If it wasn't for Camille... 
 I wouldn't be here right now. 
 She was the only one who cared enough to stop me. 
 She saved me. 
 Wow. 
 I always thought you were like the Energizer Bunny of warlocks. 
 Most of the time I am. 
 But in my moments of weakness, I have my rock just as you have yours. 
 Clary. 
 So now you see why it's not so simple. 
 (DOOR OPENING) 
 You caught me... being a helicopter mom, making sure there are no monsters under your bed. 
 (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) 
 Well, given what that demon just did to Lydia, I don't blame you. 
 I just saw her in the infirmary. 
 How is she? 
 She's hurt pretty badly, but she's gonna pull through. 
 It's nice to hear something positive. 
 Yeah. 
 Mom. 
 About Idris... 
 There is a part of me that wants to come with you... but... 
 I have to learn to stand on my own. 
 And there are people here that I can't leave. 
 Aldertree : Did you kill the werewolf Gretel Monroe? 
 Jace : No. 
 But you captured her for your father, Valentine Morgenstern, after being encouraged by your spellbound sister. 
 I accept full responsibility for my actions. 
 You have a great love for your sister, don't you? 
 Leave Clary out of this. 
 Yes or no? 
 (STRAINING) Yes. 
 In fact, to my understanding, you two were involved in a romantic relationship prior to the discovery that you were siblings. 
 Is that true? 
 Yes. (BREATHES HEAVILY) 
 What about now? 
 Do you love her the way a brother loves his sister? 
 I've tried to fight it, but... 
 Aldertree : A simple yes or no. 
 Do you love Clary the way a brother loves his sister? 
 (STRAINING) No. 
 It's more than that. (EXHALES) 
 I see. 
 Do you love your father? 
 I love the dream of the father I wished he'd be. 
 The kind of father who wouldn't kill a young boy's falcon? 
 Yes. 
 I know more than you think about you and dear dad. 
 To love is to destroy. 
 Quite a harsh lesson for a six-year-old boy. 
 Do you agree with that sentiment? 
 Yes. (SIGHS) 
 Do you feel your father's goal to kill all Downworlders is just? 
 Yes and no. 
 Which one is it? 
 Both. 
 My father's world view may be misguided, but I've seen the vampire dens that are thriving because of the Clave's lack of action. 
 Your lack of action. 
 Final question. 
 Can you pledge your unconditional loyalty to the Clave? 
 Facilis descensus Averno. 
 I asked you a question. 
 Can you pledge your unconditional loyalty to the Clave? 
 (STAMMERS) I... 
 Answer! 
 No! 
 No, I can't. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Based on your testimony... 
 I will recommend to the Clave a punishment of life imprisonment. 
 (SIGHS) 
 May the Angel have mercy on you. 
 (SCREAMING) 
 Thank you, Brother Jeremiah. 
 There will be no martyrs here. 
 Simon : Hey, no pressure, just I promised my mom I'd be home for dinner at 8:00, so if you could... 
 I can wait. It's... It's fine. 
 So, ready to do this? 
 Almost. 
 I need you two to go to this address. 
 My friend Catarina has some ingredients I need for extra fortification. 
 I thought the trap for Camille was finished. 
 Yeah, I figured you'd have something to hold to Hannibal Lecter and a few of his friends. 
 Don't underestimate Camille's strength. 
 Off to Catarina. 
 My dearest Camille. 
 What the hell? 
 It's only me. 
 Magnus. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Magnus, let me out of here! 
 Simon, where are you? 
 I've tried you back four times. 
 As soon as you get this, please call me. 
 Alec. 
 Alec? 
 What did I do? 
 (GASPS) 
 (SHUDDERING) 
 Alec : Oh, my God. 
 Clary, I... 
 I have a demon to kill. 
 Don't tell me you're doing you're the Clave's bidding because of your silly infatuation with that boy toy Shadowhunter. 
 Leave Alec out of this. This is between you and me. 
 The same you and me who crashed Queen Victoria's coronation glamoured as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge? 
 Believe me, this wasn't an easy decision. 
 But you crossed the line. 
 I won't let Raphael suffer for your bad deeds. 
 So this is about one little insubordinate vamp? 
 You've sired hundreds of vampires. 
 Your children. 
 But as a warlock, I can have none. 
 The Downworlders I take under my wing, they are my children. My family. 
 I'm sorry, Camille. 
 I'll do whatever it takes to protect him. 
 The fear of loneliness... has always been your Achilles' heel. 
 Don't. 
 You don't do well losing those you love... do you? 
 I'm the only one you can count on to be here for you forever. 
 You know that. 
 That's why you love me... and you always will. 
 Choose... me. 
 Enjoy Idris. 
 I hear the weather's a delight. 
 (ENERGY PULSATING) 
 How could you? 
 I thought you loved me. 
 Don't do this! 
 Hey, Clary, my phone ran outta juice and your last message got cut off. 
 Sorry. I've been tied up. 
 Please tell me you haven't already left for Idris. 
 I'm on my way to the Institute right now. 
 I'll see you soon... I hope. 
 (PHONE BEEPS) 
 (SCREAMING IN DISTANCE) 
 (BLADES SWISHING) 
 (SCREAMING CONTINUES) 
 (BLADES SWISHING) 
 Hodge, do you hear that? 
 (GASPS) 
 I was hoping it was another nightmare. 
 (SCREAMING CONTINUES) 
 (WEAKLY) Please. Help us. 
 (JEREMIAH GRUNTS) 
 What's happening? Grab his hand! 
 The lock release on our cells can only be activated if he's alive. 
 He's gone. 
 (BLADE SWISHES) 
 (MAN SCREAMING) 
 An unfortunate loss, but he gave me no choice. 
 He wouldn't let it out of his hands. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Valentine : Hello, Jonathan. 
 You see what these people do to you when I'm not around to protect you? 
 No, I'm here 'cause you made a son with demon blood. 
 Still so little appreciation after all I've done for you. 
 You think it was easy, breaking in here to rescue you? 
 It took effort. 
 I set up a demon attack on the Institute as a diversion. 
 You did what? 
 No, you're not here for me. You're here for the Soul-Sword. 
 Son, you have two options. 
 Life in prison at the hands of the Clave, or you can come and fight with me... and have purpose. 
 I guess jumping off the boat wasn't clear enough. 
 Then we'll do it the hard way. 
 Take him. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Thank you for your assistance. 
 (ALDERTREE GROANS) 
 (VALENTINE PANTING) 
 Hodge! 
 (GROANS) 
 Thank you, Dorothea. 
 At least someone here understands the meaning of the word loyalty. 
 Go ahead. 
 Kill me like you killed my falcon. 
 Prove what kind of father you really are. 
 What are you waiting for? Do it. 
 Take my son. 
 Kill the other one. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Jace! Get the sword! 
 Please, let me do this. 
 You don't have to put yourself in danger. Not now. 
 Izzy, we need your help! Jocelyn's... 
 (IN DEMONIC VOICE) Dead because of you. 
 (GROWLS) 
 It's inside her. 
 It's still Izzy. 
 Be careful where you aim. 
 (GROWLS) 
 Izzy, please stop! Izzy... 
 (GROWLING CONTINUES) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 Always the favorite child. 
 I'm done living in your shadow. 
 Izzy, if you're in there, please listen to me. 
 Nice try. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Go back to Hell where you belong. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (PANTING) Izzy... 
 Izzy, are you all right? 
 Alec : Izzy! 
 Izzy... Please. 
 Please be okay, Izzy. 
 (GASPS) What happened? 
 (PANTING) Hey. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 