Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - The Man in the Yellow Jacket - Beyond 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - The Man in the Yellow Jacket https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=805&t=30385 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/02/17 04:41 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - The Man in the Yellow Jacket 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Beyond... 
 While you were in your coma, your mind traveled to another world. 
 Willa :  This is where we met. They call it The Realm. 
 Jamie :  In case this place spontaneously goes up in flames,  you got my number. Call me sometime. 
 I will. 
 I'll see you, big brother. 
 Don't study too hard. 
 You're the poor schmuck  taking the High School Equivalency. 
 (screams) 
 To control your outbursts, we need to get you to remember. 
 Wake up! 
 (screaming) 
 You're okay. 
 I never want to feel like that again. 
 Why me? 
 Yellow Jacket :  You were a witness to something you should not have seen. 
 Kevin : No! 
 (gunshot) 
 I'm saddled with cleaning it up. Who's that? He looks familiar. Luke : It's Kevin's brother, the psycho that put you in a coma. Jeff. We need to talk. What do you mean? About what? No! (gasps) (phones ring) (chatter) (footsteps approach) That is some hippie dippy bull-crap right there. (chuckles) What? The paperweight. My father-in-law gave it to me for Christmas. It's total nonsense. I like it. You would. (both laugh) Why do you keep changing our appointment, Major? McArdle, I'm trying to do you a favor with the desk assignment. It's a cush job. I can't sit at a desk in Kansas. Don't you have a brother in Fort Reed? Just take the assignment, go look him up. I have to go where the universe tells me, I can't be in Fort Reed. I'll get the forms. TV Reporter :  For 12 years, Holden Matthews has laid at county hospital in one of the longest reported comas in history, and today that streak has finally come to an end. Holden was discovered awake in his bed at 7:15 in the morning by one of the on-duty nurses. We are being told he's in stable condition. No word on whether he'll be released in the coming weeks. (groans) You were out of it, man, like something was chasing you. (printer whirring) (whirring continues) What? You gonna steal my gun and shoot me? It's empty. I'm not gonna hurt you, Matthews. I just want to talk to you for a minute, then you can go. I'm supposed to believe you? Believe what you want. I know who you are. You're Kevin's brother, Jeff. The last time we talked, you ran me off the road. You could have killed me. Yeah, but I didn't, got to count for something. What do you want? I want to find my brother. He and I hadn't talked in years, and two days ago, he left me a voice mail. He was hysterical. It was mostly inaudible. But I can make out one name: Holden. Got me worried, so then I checked in with his wife, Christine. She got a weird call from him too. Dropped in to his office, and I found his desk drawer smashed to pieces. I'm talking forceful entry. Someone was looking for something. God. Kevin. Now I need you to tell me who this guy is. Where did you get this? I got a buddy who works in security. The last time my brother was caught on camera was a drive-through on Fieldsman Road, and this son-of-a-bitch was following him. So who is he? I'm not sure. He found me after I woke up. He showed up with a bunch of thugs, threatened us. Kevin got mixed up with them somehow. Look, I told all of this to the Sheriff. Christine already filed a missing person's report. They're looking for Kevin, but so far they've got nothing, and you can't tell me anything else? Hey, hey, are you all right? I've got to go. No, wait a minute. We're not done here, Matthews. Let the sheriff do his job. They'll find Kevin. (door shuts) (Theme music playing) (panting) Hey. Holden? What's wrong? They won't go away, the visions. Okay, calm down. What do you see? I don't know! Some freak with no face and it follows me. And I feel like I'm losing my mind. I don't know what to do and I... Okay. Come here. Sit down. Okay. You may be experiencing a sort of post-traumatic stress. It's a very typical response to recalling repressed memories. You think these are typical? Look, the next time you feel your heart pounding, or your face getting hot, just close your eyes and focus on your breathing. Okay. Try it now. (exhales) Focus on making your breaths even, controlled. (breathes deeply) Don't resist, just let it wash over you. Accept it. Just breathe. Good. That's good. (exhales calmly) How are you feeling? Better. (chuckles) Neat trick. I do a lot of yoga. We can pick up where we left off. No, I... No, I... I... I'm just gonna go. These visions will keep coming unless you can remember how to control them. (door opens) Then why is it the more I remember, the worse they get? Because it takes time and practice. Great, well, I'll practice the whole PTSD breathing thing while you figure out a way to retrieve my memories without turning me into a popsicle, okay? Holden. (sighs) (phone vibrates) (vibrating) Hello? What happened, Daniel? How is he? Stabilized. His vitals just started falling. I'm not sure why. What's going on in there? I haven't gotten a word from him since it happened. He's not communicating? Mh-mmm. Vitals are low. Are you seeing rapid saccadic eye movement? Same as usual, if not increased. He's in a drift. I thought drifting was theoretical. All of this is theoretical. If you can hear me, say something. Please. I can't lose you in there. So I heard you ran out of the High School Equivalency Test like a bat out of hell. No one likes taking tests, right? Well, when I was a kid, honey, tests used to give me stomachaches. Mom, you're doing that social worker thing... that thing where you try to make it seem like it's my idea to talk about my feelings. It's usually undetectable. I must be out of practice. You want to talk about your boyfriend, Pastor Ian? My boyfriend? What am I? Fourteen? Well, what would you call the guy you're seeing who isn't my dad? A good friend. Pastor Ian's a good man. Look, I know a lot has changed, and I can't begin to understand how it makes you feel, but all I ask is that you give him a chance. Honey, give me a chance. Okay. Is there anything else you guys have been keeping from me? I think your brother used your coma as an excuse to meet girls. (chuckles) Yeah, well, I'd be mad if he didn't. So could you. Any young lady would be lucky to spend an evening staring across a candle-lit dinner at that handsome face of yours. Mom! Hello, Jamie? This is Holden Matthews. You might remember me from such things as the party the other day, where the house burned down, and the store. (groans) It's terrible. It's terrible. Just call her. Just... (typing) ...call her. Okay. (ringing) Jamie :  Hi. Jamie! Hey, it's Holden Matthews. Sorry I missed your call. Leave your info, and I'll ring you back. Jamie... (awkward chuckles) sorry I missed you. At the tone, please leave your message. When you're finished recording, you may hang up or press 1 for more options. Hey, Jamie... (tone beeps) Uh, Jamie, Hey, it's Holden. I was just wondering if maybe you'd like to do someth... (phone beeping) Hello? Jamie :  Uh, sorry, hello? Hello? Jamie, hey! It's... it's Holden. Hey, um, I'm sorry. I didn't get my phone in time. I kind of thought you'd just text me. Shoot, is calling weird? Should I have just, um... Oh, no, no no, no, it's okay. I know that you're still like catching up on everything. So what's up? Uh... I just wanted to see what you were up to. I'm just coming back from class. Cool, that's cool. Um... Well, I was just, um... I wanted to see if maybe you'd want to do something. I would love to do something with you, Holden. Awesome. That's great! So what do you want to do? Something easy, maybe? Right, yeah, something easy, like, uh, how about dinner tomorrow? Dinner sounds great. (chuckles) Awesome. Uh, we can do something besides making out this time. But making out is still on the table, right? Of course. Yeah! Yeah, of course. Okay, awesome. I will see you then. Great, I will see you... then. Hmm. What are you doing here? I heard it chugging a little the other day, and I wanted to diagnose the problem. I'll be out of your hair soon. No, it's nice of you... but I don't even like him riding this thing in the first place, so I'd apprec... (car approaches) You got to be kidding me. Tom, come on, please don't... (engine stops) Great. Morning, Mr. Matthews. What the hell are you doing here? I'm just here to talk to Holden, all right? Listen, I thought I made it pretty clear what would happen the next time you came near my family. Look, I'm not here to fight you. Then just keep on driving, Jeff. Hey, what's going on? Nothing. Jeff was just leaving. I have to talk to you, all right? Hey! Didn't you hear me? I said get off my property. Dad, look, it's okay. Just go, it's okay. He just wants to apologize. Hey, you need to come with me... Jeff... ... or Kevin's as good as dead. This guy in the yellow jacket, he's a professional. (breathing steadily) My brother didn't even have a chance. (wings flapping) (heart beating) Hey! Didn't you say he came after you, held a gun to my brother's head? If he's willing to go that far, do you really think he's gonna leave you and your family alone? What am I supposed to do? Meet me down the road in 15 minutes. I got something I need to show you. (engine starts) So why are we here? That house belongs to Jack Churchill. Jeff : Do you recognize the name? Should I? He's a famous British soldier from World War II, one of the greatest soldiers of all time. Okay, well, anything past 7th grade history, I sort of missed. It's an alias... for Yellow Jacket. (stutters) No, we're at his house? Whoa, whoa, relax, Matthews. Look. I mean, there's kids playing in sprinklers, families walking their doggies. No one's gonna hurt you. How did you even find him? Well, it wasn't easy. No social media, no criminal record, but after some digging, I found out that all his documentation appeared out of thin air a year ago. I'm sure he has other aliases too. You know what else he has? A daughter... with medical records... (phone vibrates) ...school records, which led me to this address. You need a minute? No, um... What are we doing here, exactly? His kid's got a piano recital tonight. So when they leave, we go in. We're breaking into his house in broad daylight? We need proof, something tying him to Kevin. Jeff, I'm not a detective or ex-military... I'll guide you through it. All right? Baby's first B&amp;E. Dad, I'm hanging up. Goodbye. (phone beeps) Holden problems again? Yeah, I'm glad he's okay and everything, but, man, my parents need to lay off. Didn't he wake up from a coma, like, yesterday? Look, I'm not saying that we should forget like the whole thing ever happened. I'm just saying that maybe we don't need to call a family meeting every single time Holden leaves the house. You know, for someone who hates how people won't shut up about his brother, you sure won't shut up about your brother. You're right. So what are you in the mood for? Something... orange. Something orange coming right up. (laughing) Get down. That's him. I know. (panicked breathing) (engines start) All right, let's move. Matthews! Look, I need you. (stutters) I can't do this, Jeff. (sighs) Look, a few weeks ago, I was ready to leave this town again, then... then the universe gave me a sign. You woke up. Look, our lives are intertwined... yours, mine, my brother's, and this Churchill guy... and it's gonna stay that way until we take him and his people down. You with me? Good. Now let's go. Quick. 
 
 All right, universe, I hope you're on my side. (whispers) Hey! Did you see the sign? There should be chloroform in the bag. Chloroform? Won't that hurt it? I prefer the term "neutralize." All right. Wow, a real killer we've got here. (yips) Am I supposed to... No, Matthews. He's a teddy bear that poops. Come on. Hurry up. Grab my camera. No, here, give me that. Here, we need intel, anything that looks interesting. I'm gonna go plant some bugs while you go and do that. Okay. Do you know when he's coming back? Nope, so work fast. (clicking) Hmm. (phone vibrates) (phone vibrates) (vibrating continues) Here we go. His phone... what'd I tell you? The universe has a way of showing you which direction to go. (Jeff typing) What are you doing? Cloning the contents of his phone. We better get going. He's gonna be coming back for this thing. What do you think he's got in there? Damn it. (dog barking) Nothing here. Yeah, I doubt that. (clicking) (snaps) Jeff : You got something? Uh, just some trash. A zip tie, I think. Come on, this isn't proof. Proof? No. Likely? My brother was here. (dog yelps) (breathes deeply) (Wings flapping) Hey, hey, hey. You okay? Yeah, I'll be okay. Willa :  Don't resist. Just let it wash over you. Just breathe. (whining) It happened again, didn't it? You're having some kind of flashback or... I'm... I'm... I'm fine. If you're right, we have to nail this b*st*rd. Let's get back up there. Go and check out upstairs. I got this. Okay. (camera beeps, clicks) (truck door opens, closes) Holden! Holden, we got to go! Come on, come on, come on. (lock jiggering) Spartacus. Yellow Jacket : Where are you, buddy? (barking) Shh! Shh! (barking) Spartacus? (barking) Shut up! Shh! (barking) (shushing) Arthur : You're losing control, Holden. Fight it. (snarling bite) (grunts) Ow. Fight it! (barking) (electricity fizzes) (monitor beeping) Willa. You've been here for hours and Arthur's condition hasn't changed. Why don't you get some rest? I don't need rest. I need to get back into The Realm. I'm not inducing you into another coma. It's too traumatic. Since when did you have the authority to order me around, Daniel? Since your grandfather tasked me with looking after you both. I know what you must be thinking. My focus should be on the mission, but you and I both know there's another way to save you. (beeping) Daniel : He's crashing! Step away, please. (beeping) Willow, wait! Damn it. Okay. Please work. I need you to work. (clanks, whirring) (gears shifting) (electricity crackling) (grunts) Willa! Get out of there! Don't! (banging) (whirring slows) Oh, okay. Okay, Just relax. Shh. Just breathe. Okay. We might be getting some interference from the bugs. (distorted dialog on radio) Sent the info from Churchill's phone to a buddy of mine. What can he do? You ever heard of Edward Snowden? Uh, the football player? These days finding information on people is a piece of cake. Everyone is connected. Do you... do you really think the universe shows you where to go? The universe has a way of course correcting. It talks to you. It tells you the path that you're meant to take. You just got to know when to listen. Hmm. (distorted dialog on radio) Hey. Have you ever seen this? "The world before me came into focus, and only then did I realize it was hollow. Only then was I free to cast my eyes upward, to the sky..." (distant chatter) Diane : I've heard horror stories where people leave their wallet, and all the important things are taken out of it. And so I'm not even gonna check 'cause I can look at your face and know, so thank you so much. What an honest and lovely man. (man speaks quietly) Diane : I'm... I'm sure it is. Can I give you anything? (speaks indistinctly) Thank you. Clearly, my mind's been other places. But I have never done that, I swear. (man and Diane laugh) Diane : I hope it's... Well, come on in, sleepyhead. I want you to meet... Oh, I'm so sorry. What's your name again? Mr. Jones? Yellow Jacket : Please, call me David. Apparently, I forgot my wallet at the grocery store and David found it. Most people would have tossed it. My mother didn't raise me that way, Diane. (phone rings) Oh, excuse me for a moment. Holden, will you entertain our guest until I get back? (ringing continues) (sighs deeply) Your mom's a lovely woman. You really are blessed. She told me all about you, about your brother, Luke, at college. What are you doing here? Hmm. It's a cute dog. Golden Retriever, right? A well-behaved breed, loyal. That picture's got to be... what... 12 years old? It's pre-coma, huh? You missed the chance to see your dog off. Always hurts when you lose the ones you love, but it doesn't have to be that way. Death can be a beginning. (emphatically) Get out of my house, now. (breathes deeply) When you're ready, come talk to me, and we can stop playing this little game. Oh. By the way, you forgot these. It seems I've got a bug problem. How about from now on, we leave our families out of this? Diane : Oh, are you leaving? Yeah, I better get a move on. Okay. Thank you for the tea. Hm-hmm, pleasure. Now you keep an eye on that wallet from here on out, okay? I will, David. Thank you. Nice to meet you, Holden. I'll show you out, David. Thank you. (pounding on door) Not gonna get my deposit back if you keep knocking like that. How do I use my abilities against someone? Against someone? Yeah, the melting, burning, making people fly through the air. Come on, I'm ready for my training montage, the lifting tires, leaping over cornfields. Your abilities only matter in The Realm. The things you can do in this world, they're not powers, they're consequences. That's not good enough! I... look, The Realm is behind me. I don't care. Listen, the guy in the yellow jacket... that guy who shot at us... he came to my house. He what? He threatened my mom and my brother. Kevin's missing, and I know this guy is somehow responsible. All I have to go on are these stupid aliases: a Jack Churchill, David Jones. Who the hell is this guy? I don't know. That night at the bar was the first time I saw him. Willa, it's not a coincidence you both showed up in my life after I woke up from my coma. I didn't just show up in your life, Holden. I've known you for a very long time. Then why won't you help me? Because this isn't you! The Holden I know isn't some vigilante. And what is your plan, exactly, huh? You're gonna find this guy and throw him through a window? You gonna set him on fire? (phone vibrates) I need to take this. (scoffs) (phone beeps) Hello? Yeah. If I could get you to sign an affidavit of confirmation... I need to talk to the sheriff. Oh, I know. It's just awful. I'll meet you at the house. Bye, hun. Oh, I just heard about Kevin. Honey, I'm so sorry. I'm gonna go to Christine's. You want to come? Yeah, yeah, I do. Okay. Thank god they found the guy who did this. They have somebody in questioning right now. They have? Who? I think his name was Churchill. I'm going down to the station to give a statement. I'm sorry, Sheriff, I'm not quite sure how to answer your questions. Security footage shows you and the victim's general vicinity the last time he was seen. Hmm. Did you bring this lady in yet? By your logic, she was following the poor guy too. Sheriff, I mean this in the most respectful way possible, but Fort Reed's a small town. I mean, you've got the only Spangles for miles. As far as I know, it's not a crime to crave a Tornado Shake. (chuckles) Right. We have a witness who named you as a suspect. Why would they do that? The Matthews boy was in here talking to you, wasn't he? No. His buddy then, handsome guy with a scar. Military, I'd wager. Look, I volunteer at County Hospital in the coma ward. The staff knows me. I was there after Holden Matthews woke up and... You know, maybe I shouldn't say. I can't prove anything. His family's been through so much. I'm afraid he might have developed a fixation on me. I think him and his buddy broke into my house yesterday. The door was unlocked. Someone rifled through my things. My little girl Emily had to sleep with the lights on. I'm sorry. Am I under arrest? No. That is a relief, because I have to pick Emily up from school. (door opens) Hold up, I'll walk you out. (phone vibrates) No way. (people chattering) Hey! What did you say to them? Holden... The sheriff told me what happened to your friend. If you wanted something from me, why didn't you just talk to me? Why couldn't you just leave everyone else out of this? Well, he's in a much better place right now. The people I work for have access to make that happen. Just admit what you've done! (car alarm blares) Whatever happened to your friend, he brought that upon himself. You're lying! Admit it! Admit it! Admit it! You killed him! Admit it! You killed him! Why aren't you fighting back? You're too important. (gasping) (knocks on door) Ramirez : McArdle? (knocking) (fire crackling) Ramirez : Yo, McArdle. It's me. You here? (door opens) (bottles and cans clattering) Whew. Wow. What are you doing here, Ramirez? I'm real sorry to hear about your brother. You want to hear what I found from this Churchill guy's call list or not? All right, hit me. Okay. I cross-referenced a couple of the names you gave me from the phone. They led to an investment firm, a publishing company, and a plastics company, but they're all under the umbrella of an entity called Hollow Sky. "The world before me came into focus..." Now there's another organization with the same name. It's categorized as a 501-C-3. A tax-exempt organization. Right. This one's religious. I've heard the name before too. They prey on military veterans. There's one more thing. Who am I looking at? Tess Shoemacher. CFO of Hollow Sky. Might be a good place to start. Thanks for coming to see me, Ramirez. So, what? You think your brother got mixed up with a cult? No, Kevin was too smart for that. That was his problem. Hey... be careful, will you? It's like your paperweight says... the universe will take care of it. (beeping) (clicking) (beeping) You can't control him. Let go! You see what he did. The kid's a time bomb and the old man doesn't have the best track record with dealing with people like him. Don't pretend like you know anything! Have you ever asked him what happened with the others? (grunts) Do you even know? You can't hold onto him, kiddo. Holden's destiny is to change the world. He'll find that out and Frost's people will be there to swoop in. (clicks) (groans) (clicks) (remote clicking) (beeping) (groaning) (clicking) (clicking) Nurse : What's going on in here? Who are you? Yellow Jacket : I don't know this woman. Call the police. Call security! Yellow Jacket : She's trying to kill me. (both laughing) Hey, come here. (giggling) Whoa! Oh! Luke : Holden? Did something happen? You could say that. (theme music playing) (no distinct dialog) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 