Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Out of Darkness - Beyond 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Out of Darkness https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=805&t=30392 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/02/17 12:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Out of Darkness 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on  Beyond... 
 Our target is a young man named Holden Matthews. 
 Yellow Jacket :  Failing to bring him in puts our entire cause at risk. 
 Apply pressure. 
 (screaming) 
 (gasps) 
 Willa :  What happened? 
 Daniel : His vitals started going haywire and he woke up. 
 Celeste. 
 I saw the most beautiful light. 
 (beeping) 
 It's gonna work! 
 There's this support group. 
 They're called Hollow Sky, for people who have lost loved ones. 
 If he's planning on cutting the bullet out himself,  he'll still need supplies. Options are limited. 
 (coughing) Ow. 
 (grunts) 
 Yellow Jacket :  At last. 
 Just had to follow the breadcrumbs. 
 (classical music plays) 
 Man on radio :  Mostly sunny skies today with brisk, easterly winds. Expect a high near 52. 
 (click) 
 (classical music playing) 
 (woman singing) 
 (beeping, clicking) 
 (beeping, clicking) 
 Sleep well. 
 We have a big day ahead of us. 
 Where did you get this? 
 From a... very hot, very unsuspecting girl named Abby. 
 She's part of a support group that may or may not be a death cult. 
 Holden drew an arch that looked just like that. 
 So... what does Holden have to do with these people? 
 Nothing. 
 But you should stay away from them. 
 Stay away? 
 So are these people dangerous? 
 Where is Holden? 
 I told you, I don't know. 
 Then who does? 
 I don't know that either. 
 You gotta have some idea. 
 If I had any idea, I'd be out there looking for him. 
 I haven't seen him in days. 
 I left him over a dozen messages. 
 He hasn't gotten back to me. 
 It's like he just fell off the face of the Earth. 
 (phone vibrating) 
 Dude, where the hell have you been? 
 Willa? Who... 
 Give me the phone. 
 Holden? 
 Luke... 
 Put Willa on the phone. 
 Wait. Who is this? 
 It's Jeff McArdle. 
 I need to talk to Willa now. 
 What? Jeff? Wait, where the hell... 
 This is Willa. 
 Why do you have Holden's phone? 
 Look, something happened. 
 The people who came after him, they took him. 
 He told me to call you if anything happened. 
 How far are you from Fort Reed? 
 (birds chirping) 
 (grunts) 
 (children laughing) 
 Children : ♪ Ring around the rosie ♪ 
♪ A pocket full of posies ♪ 
 (piano music playing) 
 (sighs) 
 (children laughing, chattering) 
 (chimes chiming) 
 (piano music continues) 
 You're awake. 
 (chuckles) 
 (chuckles) 
 I'm glad. 
 Selfishly, I... could hardly wait to meet you, but I thought I'd let you rest. 
 I see you found the kitchen. 
 I hope you're not still hungry. 
 How about a drink? Can I get you something? 
 Where am I? 
 You're in my home. You're my guest. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I've heard so much about you. 
 I feel as if we already know one another. 
 Isaac Frost. 
 You... you drugged me and brought me here. 
 You sent men with guns after me. 
 Me and Charlie... 
 What happened to her? 
 You didn't... 
 Of course not. 
 Your friend is fine. We were never going to... hurt her or you. 
 I'll admit, this whole situation could have been handled with a bit more decorum, but... 
 I couldn't exactly knock on your front door and ask your parents for permission. 
 Leave my family out of this. 
 You won't ever have to worry about that Holden, okay? 
 I understand the importance of family. 
 But I think you'll find what I have to show you to be worth the inconvenience. 
 No, whatever you want to show me, I'm not interested. 
 I think you are interested. 
 I think you've been interested... from the moment you woke up from your coma. 
 You've been... blessed with a very curious mind, Holden. 
 And I want to show you what it's capable of. 
 What is this place? 
 This place is many things to many people. 
 To some... it's a church. 
 For those... seeking answers in the wake of tragedy or doubt. 
 It's a safe haven for those who believe in the impossible. 
 For me, this place is a reminder that miracles don't simply happen. 
 They're a product of a limitless imagination and just a little bit of moxie. 
 You don't believe me. 
 That's all right. 
 That's why you're here. 
 Give me a few hours. 
 That's all I ask. And if... you still want to leave, I'll have a car take you home and you'll never hear from me again. 
 But... you'd be missing out on something truly extraordinary. 
 And you'll... leave me and my family alone? 
 My word is my bond. 
 One hour. 
 Fantastic. 
 You're making a wise choice, Holden. 
 But we need to get moving. 
 There's a lot I want to show you. 
 I'm very excited you're here. 
 Magnificent creatures, aren't they? 
 I prefer a car myself. 
 Congratulations are in order. 
 You performed better than we could have hoped. 
 But you didn't call me here to congratulate me. 
 You brought us Holden. You won your triple crown. 
 Now your services are needed elsewhere. 
 I can be useful here. 
 You can be useful insulating Hollow Sky from any and all outside threats. 
 And there's still one loose thread that needs to be clipped. 
 But Holden. 
 No longer your responsibility or your concern. 
 Like Holden, you have a very specific purpose within this organization. 
 I want to speak to Frost. 
 You can't. 
 He's with Holden now. 
 There's still some work to be done with him. 
 He still needs... convincing. 
 So what, I'm just a... janitor? 
 No. Don't be silly. 
 You're the best janitor we've got. 
 And boy, do we have one hell of a mess. 
 Charlie Singer. 
 Find her. 
 And then what? 
 Well, if I had to tell you, you wouldn't be the best. 
 (classical music playing) 
 I pay a butt-load of money so you can doodle for an hour? 
 What is her function anyway? 
 I mean, make sure you don't eat paste? 
 And a belly. 
 It's not even on, is it? 
 Did you hear a word I said? 
 Excuse me? 
 We've survived the same things. 
 Has anyone stopped us yet? 
 Things changed. 
 Jeff :  He must have followed us from the motel. 
 The man in the yellow jacket. 
 He works for an organization called... 
 Hollow Sky? 
 I followed that rabbit hole as far down as it goes. 
 Every tax document, financial statement, even articles of incorporation are without a physical address. 
 Either they've got some serious pull with the IRS, or we're chasing a ghost. 
 I don't believe in ghosts. 
 (scoffs) 
 That, that's where you draw the line. 
 Everything I did or didn't believe, that went out the window as soon as my path crossed with Holden's. 
 What do you mean? 
 If Hollow Sky's masquerading as a religious movement, then they have headquarters. 
 Congregations need somewhere to congregate. 
 I know who can help. 
 You like tomatoes? 
 They're okay. 
 (Frost chuckles) 
 Well, these tomatoes... aren't simply okay. 
 They're flawless. 
 They're also transgenic. 
 You know what that means? 
 They're genetically modified. 
 Bingo. 
 We've engineered them to produce isoflavones to increase nutrition. 
 Let me know when you modify pizza to not get all soggy in the microwave. 
 You don't sound very impressed. 
 It's a tomato. 
 I'm all for scientific progress and the wonders of biotech. 
 You brought me here against my will to show me a bunch of vegetables? 
 They're fruit, actually. 
 And no, that's not why I brought you here. 
 Science has allowed us a far greater understanding of our physical world than we ever thought possible. 
 But why stop at our physical world when we both know there's so much more? 
 Can't imagine what it's like to... wake up to discover you're missing 12 years of your life. 
 These people never woke up. 
 These are the faces of those we've loved and lost. 
 By celebrating them in life, it brings us closer to them in death. 
 Michael here would have been about the age you were when you... had your accident. 
 How did he... 
 He was riding his bike. 
 Moving along at the precise speed and trajectory to put him in the path of a drunk driver. 
 Michael's father, Barry, has been with us since his son died. 
 He was suicidal when he found us. 
 Here at Hollow Sky, we've been helping him find meaning and purpose in light of what happened to his son. 
 We've given him hope. 
 Hope for what? 
 He can't bring his son back. 
 He can't change the past. 
 You're absolutely right. 
 But what if we could give Barry the chance to see his son again? 
 What if there was another way... to bring us closer to those we've lost? 
 To follow them out of this world into the next? 
 Since the birth of religion, the afterlife has been a question of faith. 
 Here, we believe it's a question of science. 
 We believe God is just a placeholder. 
 You're talking about the afterlife like it's... a destination. 
 Exactly. 
 And the world is... looking for someone to show them the way. 
 And you think I'm that someone. 
 I do. 
 How is that even possible? 
 I'll show you. 
 (water running) 
 Diane. 
 What's Hollow Sky? 
 You mind grabbing me a towel? 
 Will you answer my question? 
 It's one of many generous donors who support Helping Hands. 
 How generous? 
 Where is this coming from? 
 It's just that I've been coming to church for six years and I've volunteered at Helping Hands for three, and I have never heard you say a word about this Hollow Sky. 
 Well, they like to keep the focus on the charity. 
 Have they ever asked about Holden? 
 Diane, no. 
 It's a shared belief system that provides people with hope and comfort who need it the most. 
 When your boy was lying in that hospital bed, that's what you needed too. 
 I came to church. 
 And you helped me find God. 
 I didn't seek out a fringe group. 
 Tom was right. 
 You've been talking to Tom. 
 Hollow Sky gives people hope. 
 There are plenty of others out there who want to believe in something more. 
 And they want to believe that tragedy is just temporary. 
 And they want to ask what if death is just the beginning. 
 Most religions ask that. 
 Yes. 
 But Hollow Sky has the answer. 
 If Hollow Sky has Holden, it could undo everything. 
 Please, tell me how to find Hollow Sky. 
 No. I won't put you at risk. 
 First Celeste, then Holden. 
 I won't lose you too. 
 There's always been risk. 
 Why are you giving up now? 
 You're not afraid of losing me. 
 You're afraid of losing. 
 To Frost. 
 It's always been about you and Frost. 
 Your rivalry, your race to reach the afterlife. 
 And now when it looks like he'll succeed, you're prepared to just give up. 
 Well, I won't give up. 
 Not while he has Holden. 
 And just how do you plan to get him back? 
 You're gonna walk up to Frost and kindly ask him to let Holden go? 
 Oh, it won't be kind. 
 He holds nothing sacred. 
 Not even family! 
 Your mother found that out when he pushed his experiment too far. 
 She paid a heavy price for his madness. 
 I'm not about to pay a heavy price for yours. 
 Willa. 
 These are coordinates. 
 You'll see a dirt path off the main road. 
 Follow that up to the gate. 
 And be careful. 
 The girl in the photo. 
 Who was she? 
 A woman I loved severely. 
 I spent years looking for her. 
 In a place I believe you're quite familiar with. 
 
 
 
 (door unlocking) 
 For years, I've sent people in. 
 Willing participants in what someday will be considered... the greatest scientific and religious expedition in human history. 
 Those who ventured far enough glimpse what they describe as a spectacular sea of light. 
 And an archway... like a grand entrance leading out... into the great beyond. 
 A bridge to the afterlife. 
 Now you and I can take that next step together. 
 Why me? 
 You said you sent others in. 
 They all came back damaged. 
 But not you. 
 Haven't you ever wondered why you were able to survive so long in that coma with no ill effect? 
 That place you spent those 12 years... it kept you alive. 
 Kept me alive? The Realm almost killed me. 
 But it didn't. 
 The Realm is how you are able to manipulate your environment both in that world and this one. 
 It's this connection... that will allow us to cross that bridge... into the light. 
 In order to lead the Israelites to freedom, Moses had to part the Red Sea. 
 I can't make this journey on my own, Holden. 
 What I need from you is a miracle. 
 Jeff : They're not Army. Mercenary maybe. 
 Looks like they hired a private company to keep people out. 
 Both : Or keep people in. 
 What are you doing? 
 Give me 20 minutes to run a perimeter sweep. 
 Stay here. Don't make a move until I figure out just what the hell we're walking into. 
 Wait. 
 It's less noisy than a gun. 
 Was I supposed to bring a weapon? 
 (classical music playing) 
 Tomato soup. 
 There is often great beauty in simplicity. 
 "Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler." 
 Einstein said that. 
 I know. 
 It shouldn't surprise you that... every single ingredient in this soup is the product of years of research, taste testing, genetic modification, to deliver the most extraordinary texture and flavor profile. 
 Mm. 
 Hmph. 
 Go on. It's not poison. 
 I'm not gonna turn into a blueberry, am I? 
 (chuckles) 
 What is cooking but basic chemistry? 
 But you're... more of an astronomy buff, am I right? 
 You're a dreamer. 
 I bet you look up at the stars at night and think, 
 "My God, this is a big universe. What else is out there? What else am I missing?" 
 Well, now that you know... I guess the question is... what are you going to do? 
 Um... 
 Mr. Frost... 
 "Isaac." 
 Isaac. 
 I think you've got the wrong idea. 
 How so? 
 You're right. 
 I've seen what's out there. 
 But the Realm is violent. 
 It's unrelenting and it doesn't want us there. 
 I spent all those years surviving. 
 I'm not going through that again. 
 Certainly not for you. 
 We can't wait any longer. 
 I'm going in. 
 Wait. We'll never make it past the gate. 
 (gun clicks) 
 Take me to Frost. 
 And who the hell are you? 
 I'm his daughter. 
 And who is he? 
 Uh... 
 I'm his son. 
 Holden :  So that's it? 
 I can go? 
 I'll have a car brought up to the house that'll take you home. 
 But first, I want to know one thing. 
 What do I tell all those people out there who have been praying... waiting for the chance to reconnect with their lost loved ones? 
 Do I tell them, "Sorry. You're never going to see your child, your mother, or your father ever again because Holden Matthews wants to lead a normal life"? 
 Or would you like to tell them that? 
 Tell them whatever you want. 
 You and I are done. 
 You're so selfish. 
 You and you alone have the power to improve the lives of so many people and the only life you're concerned with is your own? 
 (low rumbling) 
 You even lost... your friend Kevin, was it? 
 You've got Kevin's blood on your hands... and you don't even want the chance to apologize. 
 (clears throat) 
 If you feel a light tickle at the back of your throat, that's just the neuroinhibitor, modified to keep your outbursts under control. 
 But at least it won't turn you into a blueberry. 
 (grunting) 
 You lied to me this whole time. 
 A simple misunderstanding. 
 But now I'll be clear. 
 You're going to get into that machine and you're going to take me to the bridge. 
 One way or another. 
 (grunting) 
 Son of a... 
 (door opening) 
 Your guest has attracted some unwanted attention, but it's contained. 
 How contained? 
 I put one of them in your office. 
 My office? Why? 
 She says her name is Willa. 
 (grunts) 
 No! Please! 
 (buzzing, clicking) 
 (grunts) 
 Luke : Holden? 
 Luke? What... what are you... what are you doing here? 
 Dude, would you believe rescuing you? 
 You're here on your own? 
 Uh, well... 
 Mom and Dad. 
 No, no. 
 Definitely not. It's Willa and Jeff. 
 With Willa? You came here with Willa? 
 She came by the house. 
 Where is she? 
 I... I don't know. 
 And Jeff? 
 I... 
 Did you guys at least have a plan? 
 You know, I knew we were forgetting something. 
 You shouldn't have come. 
 Okay, what choice did we have? 
 Okay, you've been acting like a crazy person ever since you woke up. 
 (stammers) 
 You come to my school with blood on your shirt, you run off with this Charlie girl. 
 Yeah, I'm your brother! 
 In coma or no coma! 
 Whatever it is you're going through, we go through it together! 
 I'm begging. You gotta let me in. 
 There's... 
 It's a lot to explain. 
 Okay? But I promise when we get home, I'll explain everything. 
 Right now, we need to get Willa and get out. 
 Okay? 
 Okay. 
 Just look for something. 
 Okay. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 What, you're used to sneaking in and out of rooms, right? 
 I kind of think I'm missing the life and death urgency of having some girl's dad walk in on us. 
 Besides, you're the science nerd. 
 Can't you just... you know, science your way out of here? 
 Science our way out of here? 
 You know, like when you supercharged our toaster because you couldn't wait 10 minutes for Bagel Bites? 
 Well, you remember that. You cut off power for the entire block. 
 What? What is it? 
 I'm gonna science our way out of here. 
 Hi, Dad. 
 Willa. 
 I'm surprised you remembered my name... or did she have to remind you? 
 You look just like her. 
 Celeste. 
 So I've heard. 
 So... why now, after all these years? 
 You have something I want. 
 If it's an apology, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed. 
 I found out you're my father. 
 I'm used to disappointment. 
 You have to understand that what I did was the best thing for both of us. 
 You got to live your life. 
 And I want to continue living my life without you in it. 
 I'll leave here. 
 You'll never see me or hear me again. 
 But? 
 But I'm leaving here with Holden. 
 And why would you want Holden? 
 Hmph. 
 I've been searching for him for a very long time. 
 You probably know I've got a lot riding on him. 
 I just can't give him up for nothing. 
 You owe me. 
 I owe you? 
 You killed my mother. 
 Tell me, how exactly do you... think your mother wound up in a coma? 
 What do you think put her in that state? 
 It was you. 
 You were born. 
 And I lost the woman I love. 
 I owe you nothing. 
 You want Holden to get you to the Ocean of Light. 
 Well... 
 I'm the one who showed him how to get there. 
 Arthur raised me to be more than his granddaughter. 
 We got to Holden first. 
 We were in the Realm with him. 
 Been there too. 
 I can take you where you want to go. 
 Why should I trust you? 
 What makes you think you can trust Holden? 
 You've seen what he can do. 
 So what makes you think you're safer having him lead you? 
 What makes you think he won't kill you the first chance he gets? 
 Holden's not a killer. 
 Takes one to know one, I guess. 
 Then I'd choose my next words carefully. 
 You're not hearing me. 
 Let Holden go and I'll take you. 
 You want to reach the Ocean of Light? 
 I'm the only chance you've got. 
 We can use an electrical charge to short-circuit that door lock. 
 Put that end into the wall and the current should give us enough to... 
 Yeah, bitch! 
 You know? 'Cause you're like Walter White and I'm... 
 I'm like Jesse. 
 Man, you're in for such a treat. 
 Okay, and... there. 
 Yes. 
 All right. 
 Whoa, hey, what... what are you doing? 
 I'll do the honors. 
 No, no, you won't. 
 Yeah. 
 Come on. 
 Okay, hospitals don't give points for repeated visits. 
 Now hand it over. 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 Hide. 
 (beeping, clicking) 
 Frost wants to talk. 
 What's stopping him? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Okay! Okay! 
 Luke, remember, just like Wilson White. 
 (beeping, clicking) 
 "Wilson?" 
 (door unlatching) 
 Where is she? 
 Where's Willa? 
 She's safe. 
 Let her and my brother go. 
 I'll give you what you want. 
 Sorry. 
 You can't walk away from the table and come back expecting the same terms. 
 Take me to Willa. 
 Willa! 
 Willa! 
 Get her out. 
 It's too late. 
 She volunteered to take your place. 
 She must like you a lot. 
 Now the only question is what are you willing to do for her? 
 26 years ago, I lost the only woman I ever loved. 
 Before she left, she gave me a message. 
 She's in there. 
 Waiting for me on the other side of the bridge. 
 Willa's waiting for you, too. 
 What greater motivation than love? 
 So... are we ready? 
 Let's go. 
 (end music playing) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 