Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Limitations - Law & Order: Special Victims Unit 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Limitations https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=421&t=21390 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/16/00 04:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Limitations 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, sexually-based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as The Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. 
 Seven robberies, all electronics stores, all by a potbellied man with a handgun, all just before closing. 
 Yes, sir, that is correct. 
 And when did your robbery unit determine these robberies were part of a pattern? 
 After the third one. 
 But you didn't write it up until the seventh had occurred. 
 No, sir. 
 And as a result, when a similar robbery occurred in Queens, they were unable to connect it to your pattern. 
 We made a mistake. 
 Yes you did. 
 It seems robbery is not your strong suit. 
 Accordingly, I would ask that you report to the personnel office for reassignment. 
 That is all. 
 Okay, let's hear from Special Victims. 
 Captain Cragen? 
 Good morning, Commissioner Morris. 
 Good morning, Captain. 
 I understand we have a man who likes to m*st*rb*t* on the 3rd Avenue bus. 
 We used to. 
 Detectives Benson and Stabler made an arrest yesterday. 
 You're sure he's the guy? 
 Yes, sir, his name is Olaf Vargas. 
 He has a long list of priors. 
 Good. Let's hope they clean the seats. 
 Slide. 
 Do you recognize these addresses, Captain Cragen? 
 No, sir, I do not. 
 Let me refresh your memory. 
 Three breakin rapes in less than a week. 
 Last week, DNA backlog matched them up to the same unknown assailant. 
 Do you remember now? 
 No, sir. 
 If you'd read your circular, you'd recognize this as newly identified rape pattern four 1995. 
 1995, sir? 
 I was in Homicide in 1995. 
 But it's still yours. 
 Have you done anything on these three cases, lately? 
 No, sir, they were considered cold. 
 You realize, if no progress is made very soon on these cases, we'll be timebarred from proceeding with prosecution? 
 Sir, I am, of course, aware of the five year statute of limitations on rape, but... 
 Have you or your people talked to any of the victims since you took command of the SVU? 
 No, sir. 
 Well, now is your opportunity, Captain. 
 One of them has volunteered to address us, today. 
 Ms. Kraft? 
 My name is Victoria Kraft. 
 On February 8th, 1995, while I slept, a man broke into my apartment, stripped, and climbed into my bed. 
 He forcibly had sexual intercourse with me, he maced me, then left. 
 I immediately notified the police, but no arrest was ever made. 
 Commissioner Morris recently informed me that the same man raped two other women. 
 No arrest was made in either of their cases. 
 I don't understand why, but rape carries a five year statute of limitations. 
 It's harder to dodge a parking ticket. 
 If he's not arrested soon, then the man who attacked me will never be punished. 
 I urge the NYPD, and especially the Special Victims Unit, to revisit my case before the statute expires. 
 Thank you, Commissioner, for the opportunity to speak. 
 Captain Cragen? 
 Thank you, Ms. Kraft. 
 I promise you we will assign your case the highest priority. 
 Law & Order: SVU 
1x14 Limitations 
 Original air date : 2000/02/11 
 Hey, how was Compstat? 
 That bad? 
 That bad. 
 Compstat's like having the IRS audit your case files every three weeks. 
 Yeah, Compstat is the worst system, except for all the others, It's a pain in the ass for guys like me, but it does weed out the slackers who aren't pulling their weight. 
 I'm working on the 3rd Avenue Jerker. 
 The typing can wait. 
 I've got something else I want you and Jeffries on. 
 Her name is Jennifer Neal. 
 She was raped in her apartment. 
 Benson, Stabler, you take the other two victims... same doer, same MO. 
 This stuff is from 1995. 
 The ME is working through the DNA backlog on 12,000 Vitullo kits from unsolved rapes, matching them against every offender in the system or not in the system. 
 So what we have are three open rapes, never before connected to each other, all done by the same guy in less than a week. 
 Do we have a name? 
 No. But we do have this genetic profile so for now we'll use the lab's designation... John Doe 121. 
 His MO's this, he breaks into women's apartments, climbs into bed with them while they're asleep, they wake up, his face is covered with a stocking, rapes them. 
 Then he maces 'em, dresses and walks out the front door. 
 So he did three and then stopped? 
 Maybe he started using a condom. 
 A very thoughtful rapist. 
 White male, in his 20s, maybe in his 30s now. 
 Between 510, 61, his weight is 160. 
 Obviously that might have changed by now. 
 He had long brown or black hair. 
 Only now he could be a tub of lard with a graying buzzcut. 
 These are almost five years cold. 
 The statute of limitations is going to expire... 
 That's exactly the point. Okay? 
 While you are reinterviewing the victims, I'm going to go to the DA and see if we can file an arrest warrant. 
 An arrest warrant on a nobody? 
 Not nobody, we'll try to get the warrant on his DNA John Doe 121. 
 It might stop the clock. 
 They're trying that in Wisconsin. 
 These are the days until the statute of limitations expires on each case. 
 So, if we fail, and the courts deny us, then in four days, John Doe 121 is going to get away with three rapes. 
 Apartment Of Lois Creen 124 East 26th Street Monday, February 7 
 I know it's been five years, but there might have been something that came to you... something you realized about the attacker. 
 He was wearing a stocking mask. 
 Yes, that's in the detective's notes. 
 Maybe something you saw later that reminded you of him? 
 No, I don't think so. 
 Two other women were raped by the same man and both of them reported that he left through the front door, but your file doesn't say how he left. 
 That's a good question. 
 This is the floor plan of the apartment where you were living in '95. 
 Take a look. 
 Oh, yeah, I forgot, see, in my old apartment to get to the bedroom, you had to go through the bathroom. 
 How did he leave? 
 I guess he went out the front door. 
 I don't remember. I'm sorry. 
 Lois, we're on your case fulltime now, so I'm going to give you my card and if anything comes to you, anything at all, please call. 
 I wasn't much help, was I? 
 No, no, no, Lois, you did great, great. 
 We appreciate you taking the time. 
 You're looking at a threetime rapist. 
 What do you want me to do? 
 Pursue a judge to issue a warrant for his arrest. 
 We have no name. 
 We have a unique genetic profile. 
 What, the Wisconsin maneuver? 
 There's no case law in New York. 
 Well, somebody's got to be first. Alright? 
 This man raped the women in their beds and then maced them on the way out. 
 When the precedents were created, no one anticipated these scientific advancements. 
 You are looking at a lot of legal work. 
 Let me put it this way, every time you get into a cab, John Doe 121 might be the driver. 
 Easetrn Health Services 79 West 55th Street Monday, February 7 
 The rape was the worst thing that ever happened to me. 
 That's what you always hear and it's true, but that's not the whole story. 
 What do you mean? 
 What happened afterwards changed my life. 
 I received so much love and support from so many people, it reaffirmed my faith in humanity. 
 You seem to have adjusted very well. 
 I went to a very dark place. 
 I wanted to die, but the people in my life saw that happening, and they took care of me. 
 Once I thought I was alone, but now I know I'm part of a community. 
 We're reopening your case, Ms. Neal. 
 We just learned from DNA that two of the women were attacked by the same man. 
 Oh, no. 
 When did it happen? 
 Within a week of your attack. 
 We thought if we crossreferenced the three stories, we might be able to make some headway. 
 One of the other victims reported the attacker seemed to know personal details. 
 You reported the same thing. 
 Yes, he knew my dog's name. 
 And he knew the restaurant where I sometimes ate breakfast. 
 Is there anything you've remembered since, or some detail you may have failed to report or came to you later? 
 Nothing that I didn't tell the detectives back then. 
 It's not a period of my life that I like to revisit. 
 I understand and we're sorry to have to bring this up, but we only have a small window of time. 
 Why? 
 In rape cases, charges have to be brought within five years. 
 I just want this to end. 
 Excuse me, Your Honor, we need an arrest warrant. 
 I need to eat lunch. 
 Well, this is urgent. 
 Where's his name? 
 It's a John Doe warrant. 
 You've issued those before. 
 I issued one yesterday. 
 Four guys robbed a bank, we arrested three, I issued a warrant for the fourth guy based on his gang name and his description. 
 Who's your guy? 
 He's raped three women. 
 Identifying information is right here. 
 It looks like a lab report. 
 It is, it's his DNA. 
 The ME's labeled him John Doe 121. 
 Oh, like the case in... 
 Wisconsin. 
 Right. 
 Wisconsin doesn't have New York's powerful defense bar. 
 Why don't we just let this case run its course? 
 It won't be litigated until the suspect's apprehended. Which maybe never. 
 And the statute of limitations runs out tonight. 
 Then you've had about five years. 
 So, at least you can give me till the end of the day to make a decision? 
 Kraft lnternational Electronics 299 East 65th Street Monday, February 7 
 To tell you the truth, I was disappointed at the detectives originally assigned to my case. 
 What was disappointing? 
 I never got the impression they were the best or the brightest. 
 They were overloaded with other cases. 
 And the man who raped me is still out there. 
 I can't speak for them but I'm sure they were trying their best. 
 I disagree, so I hired a private investigator... someone who answers only to me. 
 These are copies of all his reports. 
 First off, he found the security in my building deficient, but that's another matter... 
 I've got a suit going against them. 
 Then there was the guy on the bike. 
 What guy? 
 One of my neighbors in the building where I used to live saw a kid speed away right after it happened. 
 We'd like to talk to him. 
 You should. 
 I was standing out here smoking a butt maybe midnight, 1:00 a.m. 
 Then from the alley, this kid speeds out on a green bike, sees me, swerves, wham, he falls to the ground. 
 I think, "Maybe he's hurt." 
 Go to see, he's got a cut on his elbow, but he just gets back on his bike and speeds away. 
 What kind of bike? 
 An R500, touring bike. 
 Fenders, drop handlebars, reflectorized limegreen paint. 
 You really know your bikes. 
 I ought to, I worked in a bike shop over 28 years. 
 Did you get a look at the rider? 
 He was wearing a motorcycle helmet on a bike, and a... jump suit? 
 Maybe a uniform? 
 I don't know. 
 It's been five years. 
 Supreme Court Trial part 55 
 Monday, February 7 
 Counsel Eastman, Captain Cragen, I find your application for an arrest warrant ingenious. 
 The statute of limitations has a long history in common law. 
 It exists to ensure the defendant receives a fair trial, to make sure the recollections of witnesses, if any, are fresh, to pressure the government to file charges in a timely manner, and so that rightly or wrongly, accused citizens need not live their life in fear of the government pursing them after a long delay. 
 But when these laws were codified, we did not have the technological marvels that exist today. 
 Your application is a novel idea, however, it is not the role of this court to evaluate novel ideas and as such I cannot grant your application. 
 Your Honor, Ms. Kraft will not see justice unless an arrest warrant is issued. 
 Are you going to appeal this decision? 
 Yes, Your Honor. 
 Good, because I've already passed the paperwork on to an appellate term judge in anticipation of an appeal. 
 You have? 
 Yes, I have. 
 Because if my decision is reversed, I hope it's done soon enough to do you some good. 
 This hearing is adjourned. 
 Ms. Kraft, you didn't hear the rest of his decision. 
 It's going to be appealed. 
 It's going to be okay. 
 It's not okay. 
 You people fell down on the job and you thought you'd use some legal trickery to cover your mistakes? 
 That's not true. 
 You waited five years for this halfcocked legal maneuver. 
 Is that supposed to mollify me? 
 Am I the only one to know the law's an ass? 
 I endured the rape exam. 
 I let you know intimate details of my personal life. 
 It was embarrassing, but I did it, and the promise was you would do something for me. 
 And today, yet another person in a long line of incompetents tells me, "Sorry, Vicky, you got raped, we're not going to do jack about it." 
 Thank you for making this the second worst day of my entire life. 
 I think you know what the first was. 
 Vicky Kraft was raped by John Doe 121 five years ago today. 
 She will never see him stand trial for that rape. 
 Okay, what do you want us to do with her case, now? 
 Let's stick with it, alright? 
 It doesn't matter how we get him, maybe we can get him on one of the other cases. 
 And she can still testify at the other victims' trial under Molineux. 
 Another rightwing end run around the Constitution. 
 Whose side are you on, John? 
 I want this creep as much as anyone, but in the name of cracking down on crime, sometimes we throw civil liberties to the wind. 
 Hold on, John, what are you saying? 
 That if John Doe 121 marched in here right now and confessed to Vicky Kraft's rape, you'd be okay with letting him go? 
 Not at all. The same law that protects you and me... 
 Against what? 
 There was a time I was a thorn in the government's side so I'm glad they can't capriciously decide to arrest one of us for old crimes, real or imagined. 
 John, we're not capriciously arresting anyone. We have DNA. 
 We're not arresting anyone unless we make a case on one of the other rapes. 
 We're going to talk to some of the detectives who originally investigated. 
 Munch, that okay with you? 
 Sure, it'd be like visiting the Special Victims Unit alumni association. 
 All the people that used to sit at these desks. 
 Where are they now? 
 31st Precinct Robbery Unit Thusday, February 8 
 Of course I remember Vicky Kraft's rape. 
 It was one of those frustrating, nolead, dogs of a case. 
 It was one of the reasons I transferred. 
 Frustration? 
 No, she sued me and my partner. 
 Vicky Kraft sued you? 
 On what grounds? 
 She got some highpriced attorney to say we were derelict in our duties. 
 The PBA lawyers handled it. 
 The lawsuit was thrown out, but, boy. 
 Talk about no good deed goes unpunished. 
 She was just angry that we weren't making any headway, but we were on her case 24/7. 
 Did you have any suspects? 
 No, we weren't even close. 
 But I had a pretty clear mental picture of the kind of guy he was. 
 What was your thinking? 
 He gets past two locked doors, and this one of those buildings where you have to get buzzed in the front door and then buzzed in again for the elevator. 
 But none of the tenants remember letting anyone in, even though somebody had to. 
 The kind of guy nobody notices. 
 Right. White guy, underemployed, filled with resentment... a nobody, like a paperboy or a meter reader. 
 Yeah, now he's a triple nobody. 
 What do you mean? 
 DNA matched him to two other open rapes. 
 Yeah, I hate to hear that. 
 When you worked a case, complainant's name was Jennifer Neal. 
 Oh, yeah, real nice lady. 
 We've reopened her case... anything you remember that might not be in her file, we'd appreciate it. 
 This guy, he knew all about her. 
 An acquaintance? 
 That's what you'd think, but she didn't know him. 
 What kind of things did he know? 
 What kind of car she drove, where she worked, where she shopped, what she liked to buy. 
 Where'd he get that info? 
 We never found out. 
 I thought maybe he tapped her phones or read her mail, but it never makes sense till you get the guy in the interrogation room. 
 You know what I mean? 
 Yeah, all too well. 
 We tied her rape to two others. 
 Oh, man. 
 Who caught the other rapes? 
 Ruby Mazzanti had Kraft's. 
 Ruby, great gal. 
 We never made the connection. 
 Who got the other? 
 Detective Dan Latimer. 
 Ah, hell. 
 Why, what about him? 
 What can I say? 
 You know the type... think maybe he should leave the job, but you're not going to badmouth another detective, right? 
 What did he do? 
 He said most rapes were fantasies. 
 He screwed up on a different case, was given the choice to retire or to be fired. He retired. 
 Where is he now? 
 He runs this place, "The Ten Thirteen"... it's a cop bar in Queens, old timers go there to bitch. You should talk to him. 
 So, Roy, what made you get out of Special Victims? 
 On my last case, the victim is raped and murdered. 
 All in a day's work, right? 
 But there's plier marks all over her body, like she was tortured for a week before she died. 
 Her name is Jojo. 
 Nobody sees what we see. 
 The Ten Thirteen Elmhurst, Queens Tuesday, February 8 
 s*x crimes cops are garbage collectors. 
 Do your two years and get out. 
 That's what I say. 
 We want to talk to you about one of your old cases. 
 Hey, I retired. 
 Yeah, but the rapist didn't. 
 Department didn't do me any favors. 
 Six months shy of my 20 and they squeeze me out so that they can screw me on the pension. 
 Bastards. 
 Yeah, watch your back. 
 Snakepit of politics... that's what that is, but I tell you what, we've been stuck with it so we were hoping you could help us out. 
 Cop to cop. 
 Yeah, the little Trekkie. 
 You hardly made any notes. 
 You'll learn. 
 Learn what? 
 Self preservation, how to pick your shots... you go all out on every socalled rape you'll wear yourself into the ground. 
 What do you think of the case? 
 Right there's the whole story, ONS. 
 ONS? 
 One night stand. 
 She's the bookworm type. 
 If she did catch a guy she wouldn't know what to do with him, right? 
 What's that got to do with anything? 
 She gets laid, feels bad about it, makes up this mysterious stranger who knows all these intimate details about her personal life. 
 Give me a break. 
 So you're saying that nothing happened? she did get lucky... probably with some pimply little bookworm, but the rape, eh, that's a stretch. 
 You're pretty sure of yourself. 
 Morningafter regrets. 
 You know what, Dan? 
 What? 
 DNA matched her attacker's semen with two other rape victims. 
 We're filing an arrest warrant on the genetic ID. 
 So I made a mistake. 
 Let me buy you a drink. 
 Applelate Division First Department Wednesday, February 9 
 Counselor, you've made a solid case for the certainty with which DNA identifies an individual. 
 One in seven billion, Your Honor. 
 That's probably about as specific as having John Doe 121's name, address, social security, and phone number Yes, Your Honor. 
 Why not file a warrant on every rape? 
 I'm not following you, Your Honor. 
 It's the future, right? 
 You just get a little smear of genetic information, file a John Doe and catch the perpetrator at our leisure. 
 Your Honor, the people are only making this application because of the unique circumstances of this case. 
 But if the court says yes this time, why not go all the way? 
 Why stop at rapists? 
 We could make out arrest warrants for every mugger, turnstile jumper and sidewalk spitter using little swatches of genetic code. 
 Your Honor, he raped three women and the statute of limitations on his crimes expires in two days! 
 The court understands the danger he may be to the community, but that does not mean we can circumvent the law to apprehend him. 
 The application to file an arrest warrant for John Doe 121 is denied. 
 
 
 
 Lois, are you all right? 
 "Fear is the littledeath that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass..." 
 Lois, let's sit down. 
 Let's sit down. 
 I was 24, and the biggest thing that had ever happened to me was when Brandon Lee died making the movie "The Crow." 
 My girlfriend and I went to see it again and again because it was beautiful and tragic and we loved him and I was really just still a girl. 
 I want you to tell me what he did. 
 The s*x wasn't the worst thing. 
 I'm not queasy about that. 
 I'd even thought about what I would do if I were raped. It was just... something that happened. 
 But, it was what he said. 
 What did he say? 
 He knew I liked Brandon and he wanted to talk about "The Crow." 
 He was eavesdropping. 
 Why did he have to do that? 
 I gave him the s*x, I wanted him to just leave, leave, and then he wanted to talk about all of the things that were mine. 
 And I was scared. 
 We talked about Brandon... and then he says, "You're a sweetheart, Loli," and he leaves. 
 The only person that calls me Loli is my grandmother. 
 How does he know that? 
 That's what we're trying to find out. 
 The other two survivors, they reported a similar experience. 
 The other detective, the one who came before, I told him and he said, maybe I should talk to a counselor. 
 A rape crisis counselor? 
 No, a shrink! 
 Like it didn't happen. 
 Like I was crazy. 
 You're not crazy and you can help us find the man that did this. 
 Do you think somebody tapped your telephone? 
 Read your mail? 
 That's what one of the other women thought. 
 No, 'cause he knew about things that I never talked about on the phone, like where I went rollerblading in the park. 
 Do you think he could've been on a bicycle? 
 Yes. 
 Yes! A green bicycle, yes. 
 I told the other detective about that and he said that for a while, I would be seeing every man on the street as the rapist. 
 No, Lois, I can assure you, he was real. 
 I knew it was him because he was always around and I kept seeing him. 
 Before... months before he came into my room. 
 I knew it was him. 
 The man on the green bike. 
 Millennial lnvestigations 49 East 28th Street Wednesday, February 9 
 Vicky Kraft, huh? 
 I'm drawing a blank. 
 She was raped. 
 You talked to a witness who saw a green bike. 
 And? 
 You billed her for 87 hours at $100 an hour. 
 A retiree saw a green bicycle, yeah. 
 I thought maybe it was a messenger service. 
 There was this one, Green Machine Bike Messengers. 
 Did you interview the messenger service? 
 'Cause it's not in your report. 
 No, they'd gone out of business. 
 But the employees didn't fall off the face of the earth. 
 You guys are cops. You got resources I can only dream about. 
 I tried. 
 You think John Doe 121 is a bicycle messenger? 
 Messenger, voyeur, stalker. 
 He followed these women for weeks, months before he attacked them. 
 What is he, invisible? 
 He's seen but not seen. 
 He follows them around on his bike. 
 He watches Creen in the park with her grandmother. 
 He learns her secret name. 
 He watches Neal calling her dog. 
 He knows where they go because he follows them. 
 Textbook powerreassurance rapist behavior. 
 Spying's just a prelude to the rape. 
 He learned their schedules. 
 And then when he knows that they're home... alone... he breaks into their secured buildings by conning them, simply saying, "Oh, I have a package for you," goes in, rapes them, walks out calmly, rides away. 
 I've been ordering a lot of books over the lnternet and I couldn't describe one of the delivery guys that drops them off. 
 There you go, a perfect disguise. 
 Hey, I found his old boss. 
 The owner of the bankrupted Green Machine Bicycle Messenger now runs a laundromat. 
 Clean Machine Laundromat 432 West 48th Street Wednesday, February 9 
 All my guys wore the jump suit and rode green R500s. 
 Sounds pretty snazzy. 
 How many employees did you have? 
 I don't know. 
 40 at any given day, probably 100 or so during the whole run of the business. 
 If we gave you addresses, would you be able to tell us if you made deliveries there? 
 Sure, it would take a couple of weeks. 
 We were thinking look it up on a computer... we only want to check five or six addresses. 
 These are your records? 
 I was a better cyclist than I was a businessman. 
 What happened to your company? 
 I forgot to pay all the taxes. 
 Kinda got busted on that, one of my guys got hurt, I didn't have all the right insurance. 
 We were very good at what we did. 
 We just weren't too good with the paperwork. 
 Right. Listen, can we take these? 
 Keep 'em. 
 If I get audited again, I'll tell 'em, "Cops took the records." 
 Perfect excuse. 
 These are the individual messenger receipts. 
 The middle line is where the delivery was made. 
 We'll never get through this in time. 
 The statute on the last case runs out in two days. 
 We just need to know if a messenger was sent to a particular address. 
 And you know what let's just look at the billing records. 
 What was the name of the company where Neal used to work? 
 Magnitude lnsurance Services. 
 That's what I thought. 
 Four deliveries in the week before her rape. 
 We got a messenger's name on this? 
 No, but we never talked to Neal about a messenger service. 
 Maybe this will jog her memory. 
 Your old company took four deliveries from a place called Green Machine Bicycle Messengers. 
 I remember them. 
 Do you remember anything about the particular messengers? 
 I'd rather not say. 
 We're asking about the messenger because we believe he may be the man who attacked you. 
 I didn't misunderstand you. I just don't want to answer your question. 
 Why? 
 In five years a lot of things can change. 
 Yes they can. 
 What if... 
 I think it's wrong to pursue this. 
 Maybe it's time to let it drop. 
 If you're worried about testifying at the trial, that probably isn't even necessary. 
 We can make a case on the DNA alone. 
 That's not it. 
 This fiveyear rule, maybe that's a good thing. 
 You try the best you can, but then you say, "Time to let it go. 
 Time to move on to other things." 
 But the five years aren't even over yet. 
 We can still get him. 
 No. I don't think you should. 
 Jennifer, this man raped two other women. 
 He's still a danger to others. 
 What if he isn't? 
 You know who he is. 
 Do you? 
 We met by accident. 
 He didn't recognize me, but I recognized him. 
 I talked to him. 
 What did you talk about? 
 His life. 
 It wasn't a pretty picture either. 
 When I was satisfied that he had changed, I told him who I was. 
 Why didn't you call the police? 
 He wanted to turn himself in. 
 I talked him out of it. 
 Why? 
 He's a changed man. 
 We prayed together. 
 You prayed with your rapist? 
 Yeah. 
 To turn him in after that would be a betrayal. 
 I don't know what he told you, but these guys do not change. 
 He is still a danger. 
 I disagree. 
 What religion are you? 
 I'm a member of The Society of Friends. 
 And what's that? 
 The Quakers. 
 We have a long history of pacifism. 
 We believe that if you sit silently, there are times when God will speak to you in your heart. 
 And you think your attacker was one of those people? 
 I believe he reformed. 
 Jennifer, that's for a jury to decide. 
 No. 
 "Love your enemy" is in the Bible. 
 And it's easy to pay lip service to that ideal but very hard to live it. 
 I know a little bit about the Quakers and they created the penal system in this country. 
 Is that correct? 
 Yes, but it's been perverted beyond recognition. 
 The prisons are filled with unspeakable violence. 
 Maybe they are, but this is not the arena to fight that fight, Jennifer. 
 If you're serious about prison reform, then join Prison Watch. 
 But you're not changing anything by protecting a rapist from being prosecuted. 
 I came to peace with what happened. 
 Maybe you did, but what about his other victims? 
 What about the women in this community? 
 Don't you feel some sense of responsibility towards them? 
 I have thought this through. 
 I'm not turning him in... not to satisfy some abstract concept of justice... 
 This is not abstract, Jennifer. 
 These women were sexually assaulted and maced and they want their attacker brought to justice. 
 They want to know. 
 You have to at least listen to them. 
 Jennifer, it's okay if I call you Jennifer, isn't it? 
 Sure, please. 
 You're not the only one who was attacked by this guy. 
 He also broke into my apartment and Lois', and probably lots of others. 
 I know what you've been through. 
 Just tell us his name. 
 I made a personal spiritual decision. 
 To keep him all to yourself. 
 No, that's not it. 
 Come on, this is better than having him in jail. 
 He knows you can drop the dime on him at any time. 
 It's revenge. You have the power of life and death over this piece of crap. 
 I don't want that kind of power. 
 But it's true, isn't it? 
 So just drop the lamb of God rap and tell us his name. 
 I deserve a shot at him, so does Lois. 
 I just want to know who he is. 
 Finding out his name won't give you peace. 
 Believe me, I found out. 
 It changed nothing. 
 Do the people you work with know you're harboring a fugitive from justice? 
 The people in my life who need to know, support my decision. 
 Eastern Health Services, right? 
 That's where I work. 
 One of my companies 600 employees insured by Eastern. 
 Lee Doyle runs the group plan, right? 
 What are you saying, Vicky? 
 I'm not sure that I can keep my business at a place who employs someone who's a betrayer of women. 
 Ms Kraft, sit down please. 
 Who is he?! 
 Don't you know what it's like never leaving the house, thinking any man on the street could be him?! 
 I want him to pay for what he did to me! 
 Where is he? 
 Tell me his name, you stupid bitch! 
 Ms. Neal, let's go. 
 Lois, I hope you find peace. 
 Shut up, you freak! 
 Shut up! 
 Neal's not going to talk. 
 We've got something like 15 hours. 
 You've tried every form of persuasion? 
 Emotional, spiritual, moral... 
 Then it's time for legal. 
 She may not know it, but she does not have the right to remain silent. 
 That's only against selfincrimination. 
 Now let's just forget for one second that she is a victim. 
 She is also the only witness to a felony rape. 
 We'll ask a judge for a material witness order. 
 And compel her to talk. 
 We've never forced a rape victim to testify who didn't want to. 
 You want this guy to walk? 
 Supreme Court Trial Part 41 
 Thursday, February 10 
 Ms. Neal, please approach the bench. 
 You have information which is material and necessary to the investigation of a felony. 
 Yes, Your Honor. 
 You were raped and you know the name of the man who assaulted you. 
 Yes, Your Honor, I do. 
 Would you please tell the court his name? 
 I would prefer not to. 
 You realize that I will put you in civil jail unless you cooperate. 
 What is his name? 
 I respectfully decline to answer. 
 You have information critical to an ongoing criminal investigation. 
 You refuse to share that information and your refusal constitutes contempt of court. 
 Jennifer T. Neal, you will report to the Women's House of Detention until this order is revoked. 
 Bailiff, please remove the prisoner from the court. 
 Adjourned. 
 You could speak at his trial, you don't have to do this. 
 I do have to do this. 
 How do you know what your values are until you're put to the test? 
 Just give me his name. 
 No. 
 You're just trying to do what you think is right and so am I. 
 We just happen to disagree. 
 You okay? 
 We just sent a rape victim to the lockup. 
 No, I'm not okay. 
 Commissioner Morris? 
 Captain, we need to talk. 
 Would you please close the door? 
 You put a rape victim in the lockup? 
 Yeah, yeah we did. 
 Every effort has to be made to ensure that the investigation of the crime does not further traumatize the victim. 
 This is news? 
 I know what you're doing, Don, but I still have to file a letter of complaint for the record. 
 For the record or for appearances? 
 Who's putting you up to this? 
 The victims rights groups? The press? 
 And the mayor. 
 And the police commissioner. 
 I'm taking flack from this on all sides. 
 She's our only witness and she won't talk. 
 Our back is against the wall. 
 I just wanted to ensure that we proceed in a way that allows the victim to retain her dignity. 
 You want to cover your ass in case we don't bust this guy, which is increasingly likely seeing as we have almost no time left. 
 I resent the implication... 
 I resent that you waited until Compstat to tell me about the DNA matchups. 
 Which was in the published circular. 
 You sat on it until you could make political hay. 
 You robbed me of three days I could've spent looking for the perp. 
 You are dangerously close to insubordination, Captain. 
 Then either write me up... 
 Or what? 
 Or get the hell out of my stationhouse! 
 'Cause until you take this job away from me, I've got work to do. 
 If we don't find a name for John Doe 121 by tonight, midnight, we never will. 
 71st Street Meeting House 43 West 71st Street Friday, February 11 
 After Jennifer was attacked, I counseled her. 
 My role in the meeting is only parttime and voluntary. 
 I'm also a psychologist. 
 Did you advise her not to cooperate with the police? 
 No, never. 
 I know the statistics on recidivism as well as you do. 
 I tried to persuade her to put the man in prison. 
 That doesn't conflict with the Quaker philosophy? 
 Not at all. Quakers sit on juries. 
 There a Quaker judges, Quaker lawyers, Nixon was a Quaker. 
 He put plenty of people in prison. 
 Some were even guilty. 
 Jennifer Neal is in jail because she won't give us the rapist's name. 
 Do you think that you could talk to her? 
 I told you, I don't agree with what she did, but this was a decision of conscience. 
 She persuaded me to stand aside in the matter. 
 She said that she prayed with her attacker. 
 He may be a member of your meeting. 
 If we could take a look at the list of your members we may be able to find him. 
 I'm sorry, I can't do that. 
 Why not? 
 The meeting house is a sanctuary. 
 We have a long history of civil disobedience. 
 We opposed slavery. 
 We opposed the Vietnam War. 
 And we're trying to stop a sexual predator. 
 And I hope you do, but not like that. 
 If I give you the list you'll have it forever. 
 That compromises the privacy of all of our members. 
 We can get a warrant to compel you to give us that list. 
 If that's what you have to do, get your warrant. 
 But be prepared, when you return I won't be alone. 
 Other circumstances, I might be on the steps protesting the police. 
 I feel very uncomfortable about this. 
 It's okay, we're not the bad guys. 
 Mr. Carrick, it's Detective Benson. 
 Please let us in. 
 Sir, it's NYPD. 
 We have a search warrant. 
 Mr. Carrick, don't make this more difficult than it has to be. 
 Office is probably in the back. 
 I urge you, please, turn around, go back to the police station or sit and worship with us. 
 Excuse me. 
 Please, don't do this. 
 We all value the separation of church and state in this country. 
 A man raped three women. 
 He broke into their apartments while they slept and he forced himself on them. 
 I'm just trying to bring him to justice. 
 So excuse me. 
 Ma'am, please give this to me. 
 Thank you. 
 We narrowed down the bike messengers to 36 possibles who were working during the periods leading up to the rapes. 
 These are their names. 
 We're looking for a match with the church membership list. Here. 
 "A," Abernathy, through "F," Fulton. 
 All right. Let's go people. 
 We got a little over six hours. 
 I have a Harvey Denis with one "N." 
 On the bike list I have same name two "N"s. 
 I got the original. 
 Let me check this out. 
 Harvey Dennis, two "N"s, not one. 
 Wait a minute. 
 You got the employment application in there? 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Harvey Denis, one "N." 
 The owner must have copied it wrong. 
 I'll go with one "N." 
 Bingo, here he is right in the system with that spelling. 
 Arrested February 21st, '95, for attempted... burglary. 
 Burglary. 
 What happened was the guy was going in for rape number four and he got caught. 
 Did he serve any time? 
 15 months. 
 Paroled September '96... 
 'cause he was hospitalized for forcible sexual injury during incarceration. 
 Oh, he was raped in prison. 
 Yeah, I'll cry about that later. 
 Here's his address. 
 He was right under our nose the whole time. 
 I walk past the place every day on the way home from the gym. 
 Five hours left until he gets away with it. 
 I want to see the look on this dirtbag's face when he knows he's going down. 
 May I help you? 
 We're looking for Harvey Denis. 
 I'm right here. 
 You're under arrest for the crime of rape. 
 Now stand up and put your hands where we can see them. 
 Hands up! Up! 
 Don't shoot. 
 I'm going to buzz you in. 
 You got me. 
 Just lift me in. Doesn't hurt. 
 Can't feel anything from the rib cage down. 
 How'd it happen? 
 I was on my bike, 11th and 3rd. 
 Pick up, took a right, big side mirror smashed my spine. 
 That's what happened. 
 Chair folds up, you can put it in the trunk. 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 If you refuse that right, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. 
 You have the right to an attorney... 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 