Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Disrobed - Law & Order: Special Victims Unit 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Disrobed https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=421&t=21389 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/09/00 04:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Disrobed 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, sexually-based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as The Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. 
 Oh, God. 
 Oh, God. 
 Nice view. 
 Yeah, at night, too. 
 You've been here at night? 
 Yeah, you know, on a case. 
 A case of what? 
 Okay, well, like... like a date with a friend. 
 What friend is that? 
 A guy, this buddy of mine. A pal. 
 Uh-huh. 
 What? 
 Who found the body? 
 Two uniforms in a sector car saw him. 
 You got prints? 
 Half of Manhattan handled this door. 
 Ah, valet parking. 
 You ever take your "friend" to a place where there's valet parking, hand the keys to your hoopti over to some stranger? 
 That's funny. 
 What do we got? 
 Point blank to the jaw, upward trajectory... looks like a 9 mm. 
 Ow! Somebody wanted to make a point. 
 Is this too nice for the perp to have left behind? 
 Maybe it's the victim's. 
 I don't suppose you found the gun that comes with this lovely holster? 
 Nothing in the car. 
 No, we didn't find the weapon. 
 Of course not, that would make it too simple. 
 You got an ID on the body? 
 You're gonna love this one. 
 Whoa! Judge Warren Varella. 
 What? 
 I want you to seal this crime scene tighter than an accountant's ass. 
 Law & Order: SVU 
1x13 Disrobed 
 Original air date : 2000/02/04 
 Time of death? 
 M.E. Places it last night between 8:00 and 11:00. 
 Primetime. 
 Where are we on the judge's last knowns? 
 Well, he arrived at work at 9:30, went into conference until 11:00, then took a long lunch. 
 Afternoons he often spent at the library... told his secretary he needed time alone. 
 To think deep, legal thoughts behind the wheel of his Caddy, fly open to the breeze. 
 Did he make it home last night? 
 According to his wife, no. 
 Last time she saw him he was pulling out of his driveway with a coffee mug on top of the car. 
 She ran a half block to stop him but it fell off, shattered, and so is she. 
 Did she worry when he didn't come home? 
 She's not talking. 
 What was he doing on a pier in the middle of the night? 
 Nice neighborhood, not known for hookers or trannies. 
 I hear it's a swell place for grope-a-thons. 
 No, it was a full moon. 
 It was beautiful. 
 I don't think he's the type to watch the moon rise. 
 So does Your Honor have a girlfriend? 
 Maybe his wife caught him cheating on her, blew off his unit, and just to make sure he was listening, removed his brain. 
 I don't think that's the part he would have missed had he lived. 
 Any LUDs? 
 He had a cell phone, but the batteries were dead. 
 Do you think he tried to call for help? 
 We'll see. 
 Could it have been a hit? 
 If it was a hit, they would have shot him in only one head. 
 Yeah, but given the lower wound, maybe disenchanted lover. 
 Or a payback from a s*x offender he'd sentenced. 
 Judge Varella was licensed to carry. 
 What did he own? 
 He owned a 9 mm Sig Sauer model 229. 
 Nice gun. 
 Yeah, unless it's being used on you. 
 What kind of slugs did you recover? 
 9 mm. 
 So it sounds like the rounds came from his own gun. 
 Where's the gun? 
 Presumably under the pier in several feet of water. 
 One slug recovered from the rocker panel, second from the victim's jaw. 
 Where's the wife? 
 In seclusion. 
 The family lawyers won't let us talk to her till tomorrow. 
 Look, people, our asses are flappin' in the wind on this one. 
 I've been briefed by the head of the Criminal Justice Bureau, I've fielded 30 or more calls today already from press. 
 DCPI is swamped. They want me to make a statement. 
 "Saintly judge found in love-nest with hooker." 
 This was one of our guys... he's tough on s*x offenders. 
 You know that women's shelter over on Houston... 
 "Together We're Safe"... he made that happen. He cut the ribbon. 
 Benson, Stabler, check out the office, follow the politics. 
 Munch, Cassidy, check out any recent parolees. 
 Hey. Hey, got a sec? 
 One. 
 I'll get the car. 
 Okay. 
 I'm sorry, does he... 
 No, I don't think so... we don't discuss our private lives. 
 Kind of like us, right? 
 Right. 
 So? 
 Noth... nothing. 
 Okay. 
 Chambers Of Judge Warren Varella Wednesday, January 10 
 Know anyone who wanted Judge Varella dead? 
 That'd be about 2,000 convicts. 
 Any one of them could have put a hit out on him, or done it themselves once they were out for good behavior. 
 What about something more personal? 
 Meaning what? 
 A business relationship. 
 He had a few blue-chip stocks, but otherwise, the business of the court was his whole life. 
 Did he have a girlfriend? 
 No, definitely not. 
 No? 
 Look, I heard about the other bullet... the one in his... he sentenced lots of s*x offenders. 
 We have a whole file of threats on his life. 
 Mm-hmm, any of them recently paroled? 
 Help yourself. 
 I hope you find who did this. 
 So do we. 
 No. 
 I'd still be flipping burgers at the Hamburger Heaven if it weren't for Judge Varella. 
 Excuse me. 
 I never had a judge before. 
 Nervous? 
 Nah. 
 Which shot came first, head or... 
 Genitals... tremendous loss of blood. 
 So the guy's sitting behind the wheel of his Caddy, bleeding out. 
 How long? 
 Minute, maybe two. 
 Then the head shot... close range? 
 Second shot was fired from maybe a foot away. 
 The perp must've really enjoyed watching this guy suffer. 
 That or the perp couldn't decide what to do. 
 There's something else... he ejaculated a few minutes before he was shot. 
 Anything else along those lines... hair, fiber? 
 Saliva on his glans... put a rush on it for DNA. 
 Plus malate, microcrystalline wax, red dye #21. 
 Which is? 
 Cherry-glow lipstick. 
 The killer orally copped him? 
 I think the weeping widow has had enough time to grieve. 
 When we notified you yesterday, you... 
 I still can't believe this is happening. 
 You said that your husband didn't come home that night. 
 He didn't. 
 Were you worried? 
 He always works late. 
 I'm used to going to sleep alone. 
 And when he wasn't there in the morning? 
 Well, he's always gone to the office before I get up. 
 It doesn't appear that you spend any time with your husband. 
 You're not married, are you? 
 No. 
 Was the judge satisfied at home? 
 What are you saying? 
 We have reason to believe his attacker was a woman. 
 That's hard to believe. 
 He was a friend to women. 
 Ma'am, was your husband seeing another woman? 
 I loved my husband. 
 Is this necessary? 
 Yes, it is. 
 Can you tell us where you were the night he died? 
 I was at the club. 
 And where did you go after the club? 
 Then I came home alone. 
 Ma'am, was your husband having an affair? 
 If Warren were having an affair, well, I'd be the last to know, wouldn't I? 
 She said she'd be the last to know? 
 I don't believe her. 
 Women always know. 
 Why do you think it's an act? 
 Hillary Clinton as Tammy Wynette, standing by your man till the end of his term in office. 
 There's always something in it for them. 
 Like the woman said, you're not married, are you? 
 Protecting the judge's good name... maybe it's about protecting his pension. 
 'Splain it to me, Lucy. 
 Supposing it was a hit... some mob deal gone bad. 
 Okay. 
 Public officials commit a felony, they lose their pension. 
 She loses the judge's death benefits? 
 Maybe. 
 Who's next on the list of friends? 
 Excuse me, Emily Waterbury? 
 Yes? 
 My partner and I are from the Special Victims Unit. 
 Yes? 
 This is about Judge Varella. 
 Oh, terrible tragedy, terrible news... we're all in shock. 
 We're giving his murder a full-court press. 
 I'm sure you are. Thank you. 
 Oh-oh... you are the Deputy Director of the Women's Action Committee... is that right? 
 It's just a title. 
 I lobby for women's movements up in Albany, basically. 
 How well did you know Judge Varella? 
 Not very well personally, but we all respected him very much. 
 "We all?" 
 Yes, the Women's Movement. 
 We lost a great champion in Judge Varella. 
 Yeah, we know... 
 "Together We're Safe." 
 The governor asked me to come down to help in the memorial service. 
 If there's anything that you need in your investigation his office will make it available. 
 What about his enemies? 
 What about them? 
 Anyone want him dead up in Albany? 
 You're joking! 
 What do you mean? 
 I would check out the wife-beaters and the rapists that he put away first, if I were you. 
 Thanks for the advice. 
 Call me any time. 
 We will. 
 So the mother has a stripper perform at her kid's sweet 16 party dressed as... get this... a cop. 
 Yeah, what was her defense? 
 Some crap about how the strip tease is a religious ceremony. 
 See, I wanted to have my bar mitzvah at the Mustang Ranch, but that sacred ritual's considered "contributing to the delinquency of a minor." 
 Yeah, strippers, hookers... come on, what's up with that? 
 In what sense of "what's up?" 
 Paying for s*x... it's just so pathetic. 
 One way or another, you pay, my friend. 
 Not me. 
 You're young, you're reasonably good-looking, in a choir-boyish sort of way. 
 So yippy skippy, you're getting laid. 
 Just keep it to yourself, okay? 
 What do you mean by that? 
 In the office... don't ask, don't tell, don't mope and don't leer. 
 There's nothing goin' on between me and whoever in the office. 
 Yeah, whatever. 
 Great, fine. 
 Here's a triple murder from 1962, guy still goes up for parole every two years... denied last week. 
 Your box has the most recent parolees in it, right? 
 Yeah... Green, Melendez and Yee. 
 One's a child molester and then repeat drug offenders. 
 Varella kept records on all his courtroom outbursts. 
 Read those names again. 
 Which, the ones paroled? 
 Yeah. 
 Green, Melendez and Yee. 
 Ah, Melendez. 
 "D. Melendez has been identified as a potential danger after audible threats toward judge, bailiff and a District Attorney during sentencing." 
 You got a first name? 
 Yeah, Delfino. 
 The Dolphin. 
 Look, I didn't call you guys. 
 You bitch, I didn't touch you! 
 I didn't call them! 
 Go, go, go! 
 Stay away from her! 
 Get down! 
 Yeah, you didn't do nothing! 
 Shut up! 
 I didn't do nothing! 
 Get off! 
 Yeah, you're a real saint! 
 Don't you be comin' back here expecting to sleep in my bed! 
 I got plenty a' beds and I don't need yours! 
 There's a lot of cots where you're goin', all right? 
 Hey, back off tough guy! 
 Come on! 
 I thought she was messin' with me. 
 She's the one who filed the TRO, so it looks like you were messin' with her. 
 We made up. 
 Where were you Tuesday night? 
 You know a judge named Warren Varella? 
 Nah. 
 Nah? 
 Funny, you threatened him in open court. 
 Got it right here. 
 I was mad. 
 You? 
 I didn't do nothin' to his fat ass. 
 What's he whining about? 
 Dead men don't whine. 
 You've been picked up on weapons charges before. 
 You're a tech nine man, huh? 
 If I still had a gun, it wouldn't be no nine mil... no style... you buy 'em at gun shows and Kmart. 
 They're for the Columbine crowd. 
 I got imagination. 
 Fino, we're just messing with you, but at least we now know that your favorite weapon's the heat-seeking missile. 
 Let's try this one more time. 
 Where were you Tuesday night? 
 It was parenting classes. 
 You can check it out! 
 Okay, your kid breaks curfew, what do you do? 
 Whoa, what's curfew? 
 Why were you paroled? 
 We've been checking you out and you threatened to kill the judge at your parole hearing, and three days later you're out. 
 Ask my accountant. 
 Very funny. 
 Not to me, it wasn't. 2,226 bucks. 
 Lawyers aren't cheap... what'd you expect? 
 No, not to my lawyer... to that fat judge. 
 So you bribed the judge? 
 Of course. 
 That's very original, Delfino. 
 He said I had to give to some charity, or else! 
 Bye-bye. 
 I didn't do nothin'. 
 Of course you did... you failed the parenting midterm. 
 LUDs show judge's last cell phone call was to Albany... office of some chick named Emily Waterbury? 
 That "chick" is the Director of the Women's Action Committee. 
 Deputy Director, who claims she didn't even know the judge, except by his sterling reputation. 
 Why is she gonna lie? 
 She's gotta know how easy it is to trace cell phone calls? 
 Why would Delfino lie about bribing the judge? 
 Maybe Delfino's telling the truth. 
 Munch and I'll check out the bribe tip... other ex-cons. 
 City Hall Thursday, January 11 
 I can't possibly keep track of the 400 phone calls I get a day. 
 Even from a judge moments before he was shot to death? 
 I didn't put that together until now... some procedural thing. 
 This is weird. 
 What is? 
 We're from New York City and you're treating us like we're the hicks from upstate. 
 That's silly. 
 Even the dumbest detective knows how to run a computer search. 
 I'm not following you. 
 You worked for Judge Varella, right? 
 What, that "Judge Varella?" 
 Mm-hmm, and thanks to him and his recommendation, you can now afford these lovely suits. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Some little computer glitch brought back a number of your old... 
 "boyfriends." 
 Drug charges, hooking. 
 I was under 18, I wasn't hooking, and they were boyfriends. 
 Those charges have been expunged. 
 So the judge gave you a fresh start. 
 What we want to know is what he got from you. 
 Sexual favors? 
 Come on, this was politics. 
 Politics? 
 Politics is picking up the phone and getting a guy who really has been rehabilitated out of prison, so that he can support his wife and family and get them off of welfare. 
 Is that a crime? 
 No... but bribery is. 
 We need to see all of Judge Varella's appointment books, financial transactions and any charities that he may have been a part of. 
 "Together We're Safe." 
 He also mentored at a junior college out in Suffolk County helping teen mothers find clerical jobs. 
 He was involved in dozens of organizations. 
 We're gonna need those records, also. 
 But why? 
  We're not sure yet. 
 You're barkin' up the wrong tree. 
 Judge Varella was the last of the good guys. 
 I know judges who use calling cards to phone their wives from their chambers just to avoid the hint of any impropriety. 
 I know housewives who call the plumber on the pay phone... so? 
 So, was he cheating on his wife or was he taking money for parole? 
 Or both? 
 We cross-referenced his cases and his charities... he's got dozens of donations for two, three thousand at a time. 
 We got $2,226 from a Delfino Melendez? 
 Yeah... to a women's shelter. 
 What, "Together We're Safe?" So? 
 They're all from the wives and girlfriends of guys the judge sent away. 
 And now they're out? 
 Wow, 4.7 million in one year. 
 That's pretty good for a fledgling charity. 
 Fledgling... I'm impressed. 
 Yeah, that's right, I'm a real dope, aren't I? 
 You know what I did last night? 
 I looked it up and I memorized it just so I could impress you. 
 Okay, this governor's aide or whatever she is... Miss Watergate? 
 Miss Watergate was Mo Dean. 
  Emily Waterbury. 
 Waterbury, Watergate... whatever. 
 The guy's a jerk, but he's our jerk, so let's follow the money. 
 Cassidy, can I talk to you for a minute? 
 Sorry about that, Captain. 
 About what? 
 You know, out there, that personal stuff. 
 What personal stuff? 
 You mean with Munch? 
 No, with Benson and... 
 Brian, I'm raggin' you, okay? 
 This is not the principal's office, you're not in trouble. 
 What's that? 
 It's a statement I taped from a complaining witness back when I was in Homicide. 
 A s*x crime? 
 Yeah. 
 A little girl. 
 On the tape she's nine. 
 That was seven years ago. 
 The mother's boyfriend molested the girl and then killed the mother. 
 Every once in a while I try to talk to the kid, you know, see how she's doing. 
 Yeah, and how is she doing? 
 Not that well. 
 Not that well at all. 
 She lives out in Queens. 
 Yeah. 
 Before we start, these are the ground rules. 
 I don't answer any questions about what I do at... 
 Relax, we're not interested in you. 
 This is a homicide investigation. 
 The two constants so far are s*x and money. 
 And you followed the money to me. 
 That's right. 
 Judge Varella would get donations out of his parolees. 
 All right, Miss Waterbury, let's just stop, okay? 
 We're not going to get anywhere with euphemisms. 
 We're not talking about donations, we're talking about bribes, right? 
 They'd beaten and raped women. 
 He convinced them that if they gave money to the women's shelter, that it'd help their image. 
 PR for rehabilitated rapists... great. 
 And you would turn these "donations" into bribes for the parole board, that it? 
 When the judge would call me and say yes or no on a certain parole vote, they were in his pocket. 
 Okay. 
 So what was in it for Judge Varella? 
 The s*x. 
 They were on the take. 
 They didn't care about those women on their knees. 
 Tyrell ain't here. 
 We're not looking for him, we're looking for you. 
 Me... what'd I do? 
 Do you know a Judge named Varella? 
 Yeah, I talked to him 'bout Tyrell. 
 He said he'd help me. 
 Pig made me go down... while I'm pregnant! 
 The judge told you if you had s*x with him, he'd let Tyrell out? 
 Nah, he was just so cute, I did it for free! 
 Yeah, that's what I just been sayin'. 
 Then why didn't you complain? 
 He's a judge... who's goin' believe me? 
 Was a judge. 
 
 
 
 Where were you Tuesday night? 
 Upstate, visiting Tyrell. 
 I didn't get home till almost midnight. 
 Check the prison records. 
 Tyrell's got three kids to support... 
 I go there to remind him. 
 Then how'd you make a new one with no conjugal visits? 
 "Immaculate conception." 
 "Hello, and welcome to 'Parole Fone.' 
 If you're paying with s*x, press one. 
 To make a donation to a phony charity, press two." 
 But the charity's good... it's the donations that are phony. 
 It was also a great place for the Judge to troll for women. 
 Three of them had stayed at the TWS shelters. 
 Okay, so we've got everything... motive, means and opportunity. 
 What we don't have is a killer. 
 Let's get back to the pier. 
 Maybe somebody remembers something. 
 It never ends, does it? 
 Medical waste, or wasted medic? 
 You be the judge. 
 Hey. 
 I got nothin'. 
 We're not here to borrow a cup of smack. 
 Hey, you sleep here? 
 No. 
 No? You come here to practice T'ai Chi? 
 Were you here last Tuesday night? 
 I dunno, what's today? 
 It's the night that it was cold. 
 It's always cold. 
 There was a man shot over there in a black Seville. 
 I know. 
 What'd you see? 
 I heard the pops... two of 'em... and then a lady in a uniform got out of the car. 
 What kind of uniform? 
 Blue. 
 Blue? Well, that narrows it down. 
 Now I can call my captain, and tell him thanks to you, we've solved the crime. 
 Hey, would you relax a little bit? 
 Her hair was longer. 
 Okay. 
 What about her nose? 
 Why don't we focus on the nose, okay? Here. 
 I really don't know. 
 I can't remember. 
 Got a minute? 
 She have any idea on the uniform? 
 Cop? Bus driver? 
 Catholic school girl, convict... no. 
 She's got no idea. 
 We have almost as much as we had without a witness. 
 The press found out we have a witness. 
 I got a call from the Covernor's office. 
 We gotta move on this... keep digging. 
 Okay. 
 You guys talk to the parole board members yet? 
 No. 
 We've been going over recent paroles. 
 The latest round of "Let's Make A Deal" was with a convict named Roger Silver. 
 Two of the board members are corrupt according to Emily Waterbury. 
 Well, what do you say you talk to the third? 
 Office Of Carole Pinto New York State Parole Board Thursday, January 11 
 The parole board voted twice in a row to keep him in. 
 Why is this guy getting out? 
 Who? 
 Roger Silver. 
 Let me see. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Somebody went to bat for him. 
 Judge Varella. 
 It was a simple game of phone tag. 
 A guy was up for parole, the judge called his contact in Albany. 
 Emily Waterbury? 
 I guess so. 
 She would call the parole board's deputy assistant, who would then say yea or nay. 
 It was two jerks to one. 
 Were they getting kickbacks? 
 I don't know. 
 Oh, come on. 
 This is going to the Attorney General's office, you know. 
 I chose not to know... you have to understand it is two against one here. 
 I serve on this board... we meet only once a month for a day. 
 I get paid $20,000 a year for this. 
 It's not much... a political plum... but it keeps my kids in junior high. 
 Roger Silver... spouse: Gina Silver, occupation: Flight attendant, Inter-Continent Airlines. 
 They have nice blue uniforms. 
 Why don't you get out of here? 
 I'll check her out... you're never gonna make dinner. 
 I'll be surprised if they haven't changed the locks on me. 
 Uh-huh. Next week? 
 Great. Thank you so much. 
 Bye-bye. 
 Hey. 
 Good morning. 
 Gina Silver... she and Judge Varella traded phone calls for two years. 
 And long ones, too... 
 72 minutes, 39 minutes. 
 A card-carrying member of Judge Varella's fellatio-for-parole program? 
 Roger Silver denied parole in 1997, again in '98, and one year later... same thing. 
 And now? 
 And now he's due out for parole next week. 
 You can't tell me that after he nearly kills her, she still loves him? 
 I don't get it either, but it happens all the time. 
 Thanks. 
 Apartment Of Gina Silver 263 West 75th Street Friday, January 12 
 Yes? 
 I'm Detective Benson. 
 This is Detective Stabler. 
 We need to talk to you about your relationship with Judge Warren Varella. 
 Mom, can I borrow your purple sweater? 
 Yes. Go back with Grandma, I need to talk with these people. 
 I met him a few years ago at "Together We're Safe." 
 I volunteer at a few of their rallies. 
 You "met him"? 
 He was an acquaintance. 
 You trade phone calls with "acquaintances" four times a week for two and a half years? 
 We had coffee a few times. 
 A lot of coffee. 
 Can we do this somewhere else? 
 Yeah, we can... we've got a car right outside. 
 Do I need a lawyer? 
 That's up to you, Mrs. Silver. 
 Mom, what's going on? 
 Honey, go back and do your geometry homework. 
 I'll explain later. 
 Mom, is it Dad? 
 Mom, is it Dad?! 
 No, honey, it's about me. 
 It's gonna be all right. 
 We'll have your mom back in a while. 
 Mmmm, she looked different in a uniform. 
 Take a good look, starting with number one. 
 She could be number two. 
 But she also kinda looks like number three... and four. 
 Thank you. 
 And-and five. 
 Could number five please turn to the side again? 
 Too bad you weren't at the grassy knoll. 
 You have to let her go. 
 Let her go. 
 Why? 
 Because her attorney said we have to. 
 All right, I'm asking. 
 She's got a kid at home. 
 And dirty fingerprints on a door handle isn't exactly a slam dunk, evidence-wise. 
 No, it isn't. 
 But cherry-glow lipstick on the late Judge Varella's shriveling manhood is. 
 That, plus saliva. We take one swab of your client's mouth, one DNA test... that's your slam dunk. 
 We know what Judge Varella was doing. 
 Now we just need to hear it from you. 
 He called me from the office that morning and said to meet him at the pier. 
 Did you know what that meant? 
 Yes. 
 So tell us. 
 Was that all he said? 
 Yeah. 
 Look, Gina, let's save ourselves some time here. 
 We've got all these old calls... an hour and 10 minutes, 39 minutes, 42 minutes... 
 One-way phone s*x and then he'd want to confide in me. 
 About what? 
 Who was on the take in what department... he went on and on. 
 So when he said, "Meet me at the pier"? 
 It meant that the parole board was about to vote on my husband, and l... 
 I had to pay my annual dues. 
 Cash, or... 
 On my knees. 
 So I did. 
 But then he starts saying, "Actually, Gina, I have to end this. 
 I can't jeopardize my position." 
 His position? 
 What about my position? 
 So he wanted to end the relationship? 
 Relationship? Hardly... 
 I was humiliated. 
 I started to cry... he just rolled his eyes, said I was embarrassing him. 
 But, Gina, why didn't you just leave? 
 I kept my part of the deal... 
 I needed him to make that phone call. 
 You needed the phone call to Albany. 
 Yeah. 
 And he did chit-chat about the weather, yadda, yadda. 
 And he says, "Oh, the Roger Silver case? 
 Wife's request denied." 
 Then what happened? 
 Then he hung up the phone, he looked at me and he said, "Satisfied? I made the call." 
 And then he laughed. 
 He... laughed. 
 I knew he kept a gun for protection behind the seat. 
 That's when you shot him, isn't it? 
 We need for you to write it down for us, Gina, tell us why. 
 I told you why. 
 He was a jerk, he used you, and then he was going to dump you. 
 We understand that, but why go to those lengths to get back an abusive husband? 
 We don't get that. 
 Oh my God. 
 I didn't have s*x with the judge to get my husband out. 
 I did it to keep him in. 
 I remember the case... attempted murder. 
 She had a restraining order, which he continually violated. 
 What the hell is this? 
 Those are the impressions of chairlegs. 
 He broke a chair over her back and then used the legs to burst her spleen, bust her ribs and give her the nice tattoos. 
 He told the arresting officers she did it herself. 
 I would've loved to have heard that explanation. 
 I'll never forget it. 
 Yeah. Well, still. 
 I mean, if it were up to me, I'd be lenient on her... man two, max. 
 Because she's a battered wife? 
 Yeah. 
 The trouble is, he's a judge... that makes it federal. 
 A dirty judge, using s*x to influence the justice system. 
 You gotta hate that. 
 Plus the hypocrisy. 
 All that women's issue stuff, while using and abusing. 
 You know, if I could, I would exhume the body and kick his ass. 
 But it's all moot now. 
 You'd still have to face a sympathetic jury when the shooter goes to trial. 
 Send your people up there to meet the husband, just to prepare. 
 Hudson Correctional Facility Hudson, New York Friday, January 12 
 I tried to stop her. 
 But she just kept hitting herself. 
 And the ball-peen hammer? 
 Don't tell me... you were cleaning it and it just went off. 
 Pretty and smart... nice combination. 
 You married, Detective? 
 Why don't you play "The Dating Game" with someone who shares your clinical diagnosis? 
 We're here to talk to you about Judge Varella. 
 Oh, sure... Warren? 
 He's dead. 
 It's too bad. 
 Did your wife mention a relationship with him? 
 Oh, now I get it. 
 Yeah, I called her before my parole hearing. 
 I wanted to speak to Jillian. 
 But Gina told me thanks to her buddy, the judge, I'd never see my daughter again. 
 I guess she was wrong, wasn't she? 
 Tell Gina I want what's mine. 
 Tell that little bitch if she wants to fly the friendly skies, she'd better not make any trouble. 
 Office Of The State Attorney General Conference Room Friday, January 12 
 Happy New Year, Marcus! 
 What the hell is this?! 
 42 cases that are now your problem. 
 Cases of what? 
 It's better than scotch. 
 A fellatio-for-parole scandal. 
 Probably keep you busy till the end of the next millennium. 
 This has to do with Judge Varella? 
 Oh, you're quick... but not as quick as he was. 
 He had the bright idea to charge for the oral favors he received. 
 How you comin' on the killer? 
 We're close. 
 We're talkin' to the donors. 
 Yeah, uh-huh. 
 Well, what about the feds? 
 Uh-huh. Right. 
 She's gonna need protection. 
 Mm-hmm, all right. 
 Well, let's put it out there. 
 Gina Silver? 
 Yeah. 
 We're not gonna be charging her at this time. 
 Why? 
 What? 
 All your fine detective work... 
 I dumped it on the Attorney Ceneral and they're very interested. 
 Of course they are, because it's an election year. 
 Well, suddenly, our dead judge and his cronies are a very hot topic in Albany... at least with the other party. 
 Don't tell me... the Attorney Ceneral needs a tour guide up the food chain. 
 They offered her immunity if she would flip, and her lawyer jumped at the opportunity. 
 I can't believe this. 
 It's a kind of a whack to justice here, Elliot... she ran out of options. 
 So has every junkie that's ever robbed a liquor store! 
 She shot a judge, not once, twice... once in the head, once in the shorts! 
 She walks because some sex-for-parole scandal is worth a few votes? 
 You call me cynical. 
 Look, we can always re-arrest her later. 
 I have my orders, and you have yours, and that is to walk the paperwork on a 343 to criminal court before she's arraigned. 
 Otherwise, the deal is off. 
 That's in a half an hour. 
 Well, then you better make that "run it over." 
 I can't believe I'm free to go. 
 My daughter will be so relieved. 
 You're not really free, Gina. 
 Look, here's the deal. 
 Yes, you're temporarily immune from the prosecution, thanks to the Attorney Ceneral's office, but Gina, that's only because they have bigger fish to fry. 
 You're going to contact the other players, get 'em talking. 
 If the government feels they're not getting their money's worth, you can be arrested at any time. 
 They're money's worth? 
 They're not paying me. 
 That's between you and the government. 
 We just want to make sure that you understand what you're getting yourself into. 
 If the information is no good, you won't be seeing your daughter till she's a grown woman. 
 Another thing... the DA's office will be arranging for detectives to be following you and watching your apartment. 
 She lives in Washington Heights. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Yeah, so? 
 That's the three-three. 
 What does that mean? 
 33rd precinct. 
 Excellent cops, but they're dealing with one of the highest crime rates in the city. 
 Meaning they'll be too busy to protect me? 
 Meaning that forget the whole new identity and a raised ranch in the 'burbs crap, Gina. 
 That's only in the movies. 
 This is called "special attention" and you'll be getting as much as you need. 
 A squad car will go by your house on a regular basis. 
 If there's a problem, then precinct cops will respond as quickly as they can. 
 Other than that... 
 Other than that I'm on my own. 
 Look, Gina, we're just foot soldiers in all of this. 
 And the guy you killed, he was a seriously flawed human being, but he put away the same people that we do. 
 Maybe you're getting one over on us, maybe not... either way, it doesn't mean we have to like it. 
 Okay. 
 So, what do I do, wear a wire or something? 
 No, you're going to do a little pretext work. 
 You know what you're going to do? 
 I think so. 
 Let's make sure. 
 If you need more time to rehearse then we'll wait... that's better than blowing it. 
 I'm ready. 
 Okay. 
 This is Detective Elliot Stabler of the Special Victims Unit in Manhattan. 
 I am calling from 212-555-0171. 
 This time is 4:23 p.m., the 12th of January. 
 I am now dialing the direct line of target number one of the parole board. 
 It's ringing. 
 Hello, is this Al... is this Adam Peterson? 
 Yes, I'm a friend of Judge Varella's. 
 Oh, we'll get to that. 
 Let's just say that I was an integral part of his operation, and now that he's gone, I want his cut. 
 I think you do... I think you know exactly what I mean. 
 Are you still there? 
 Good, because if you don't talk to me, then I'm going to talk to the FBI. 
 That was the three-three. 
 Your special attention location? 
 Yeah, what about it? 
 Her husband's got her. 
 Hey, Brian. 
 Hey, Captain. 
 I take it you saw her? 
 Yeah, I saw her. 
 You know, when she called, I knew it wasn't good. 
 I knew she had to talk to somebody cool, you know. 
 I mean, somebody she could relate to. 
 There was this guy in the hood that she liked, a guy named Vince. 
 She went down to Coney Island to see him. 
 You know, the whole "under the boardwalk, down by the sea" thing? 
 After Vince did her... his whole set wolf-packed her... seven, eight guys... she's not sure. 
 Which is bad enough, Captain, but it... it just gets worse. 
 They left her there... by herself in the cold... wrapped up in a beach towel. 
 It was after dark, and she couldn't walk. 
 She just, you know, sat there in what was left of her... clothes, and this guy comes along... and asks her if she needs some help, and she says, "Yes, please. Thank you." 
 And this guy, this... this good Samaritan, he... he... 
 Okay. 
 I think Benson and Stabler can take it from here. 
 No, I can handle this. 
 I know you can, Brian, I know you can. 
 Or you could transfer out. 
 Where? 
 There's an opening in Narcotics. 
 The captain's a friend of mine. 
 You could do a lot of good over there. 
 It wouldn't... 
 Wouldn't what? 
 It wouldn't be like this, Brian. 
 Cassidy, what's up? 
 Whatever. 
 You know, my generation pioneered that succinct abstraction, but "whatever," to me, means diddly. 
 Okay, I'm outta here. 
 For good, you mean? 
 Maybe you should... you're a sweet guy, Bri... the stuff here is too weird for you. 
 Captain said I could go over to Narcotics, play cowboy, beat up on some people. 
 It's not a bad idea, seriously. 
 I saw the way you were with that junkie... you got outta her what most guys can't. 
 Ah, it's just like... s*x crimes? 
 Come on. 
 I still feel embarrassed buying rubbers at a drugstore. 
 Think about it... popping dealers, conspiracy, stake-outs. 
 All right. 
 Later. 
 Later. 
 Okay, Brian. 
 Take it easy. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, is she still alive? 
 The ink wasn't dry on the son of a bitch's release before he makes a beeline for her. 
 What set it off? 
 A dirty clothes hamper. 
 He drags her down to the laundry room, he says he's gonna kill her. 
 You call hostage negotiation? 
 Yeah, 20 minutes ago. 
 But I wouldn't wait if I was you. 
 Yeah, we got 'em. 
 Roger? 
 Whoa! Okay. 
 Let's just relax now, huh, whaddaya say? I just wanna talk with you. 
 Will you let me talk with you there, Roger? 
 Put the gun down and just talk. 
 There you go. 
 Just leave it right there. 
 All right, here I am. 
 Just relax... let's talk. 
 That's all I want to do. 
 I just wanna talk to you. 
 This is what you got, okay? 
 Not a good situation... three guns, small room. 
 Let's just relax, all right? 
 Just... let's take a moment. 
 Let's be calm, okay? 
 This is mine. 
 Okay. All right. 
 Help me out here, Roger, okay? 
 Just step away from her, and drop your gun. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 