Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Sophomore Jinx - Law & Order: Special Victims Unit 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Sophomore Jinx https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=421&t=21382 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/29/99 19:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Sophomore Jinx 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, sexually-based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as The Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. 
 Give me a break. 
 What is that? 
 Like "no means no," or something? 
 Yes, that's exactly what it is. 
 Come on. 
 Come on, I did your calculus homework for you. 
 So? 
 Adam, seriously, no! 
 Oh, my God! 
 What? Get... what? 
 Adam... 
 Maureen! 
 Hi, Daddy. 
 Where you been? 
 Out. 
 Out? Where? 
 What have you been doing? 
 Nothing. 
 "Nothing" at 2:30 in the morning? 
 Nothing? 
 It's not that big a deal. 
 Breathe on me. 
 What? 
 Breathe on me. 
 Who you out with? 
 Nobody. 
 "Out," "nothing," "nobody." 
 Those are your answers to me? 
 Fine, you're busted. 
 You're grounded. 
 Go to your room. 
 Wait, for how long? 
 Till I got some answers or you turn 18, whichever comes first. 
 Can't we talk about this? 
 No. 
 They've called me in. 
 What do you think I'm doing up at 2:30 in the morning? 
 Talk about typical. 
 Go to your room, now. 
 This isn't fair. 
 Hey. 
 I got news for you. 
 Life isn't fair, honey. 
 Detectives Benson and Stabler, s*x Crimes. What happened? 
 A young couple found the girl's body about 1:50 a.m., D.O.A. Over here. 
 They called Campus Police, who called us. 
 Lieutenant said it should go to you guys. 
 No underwear. 
 Bad blow to the head. 
 See that? 
 Looks like cement fragments around the wound. 
 Yep. 
 Okay. 
 What do you think? We're looking for a rock, a brick, maybe? 
 Who's going to look for that? 
 Me...? 
 Yes, start the search here, then spread out. 
 Call Campus Security and have them halt all garbage pickup. 
 You want us to go through the trash? 
 Yeah, you personally. 
 Why is she all wet? 
 I figure it had to be the automatic sprinkler system. 
 Forensics is going to love that. 
 Tell me about it. 
 Who found her? 
 These students. 
 Get anything off them? 
 No. 
 You hear anything? 
 No, it was pretty late. 
 What were you doing out here? 
 Trying to get some privacy. 
 Hey, Elliot. 
 Her name was Jeanne Gallagher. 
 Says she's a sophomore. 
 "Boman," "Bowman"? 
 Where's Bowman Hall? 
 She was almost home. 
 Law & Order: SVU 
1x06 Sophomore Jinx 
 Original air date : 1999/10/25 
 I don't know, guys. 
 We could be looking at two attackers. 
 But look at the way the legs are spread. 
 That kind of disrespectful staging reads like a single doer to me. 
 "Disrespectful staging"? It's rape. 
 Somebody bashed her head in with a rock. 
 That's the cause of death? 
 Preliminary. 
 We're looking for the weapon. 
 Everything's "preliminary." 
 The only thing that's not preliminary is that the girl was drunk. 
 Alcohol level was .27. 
 Triple the limit. 
 There was a time I yearned for a girl who could drink like that. 
 Where'd they get the booze? 
 At a party for the St. Raymond's basketball team. 
 Must have been one hell of a party. 
 They have a lot to celebrate. 
 The Rays are one of the great comeback stories in college basketball. 
 From joke of the division to the Sweet 16 inside two years. 
 Everyone knows they bought their way up. 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 Come on. Watch it. 
 That's my school you're talking about. 
 How can you be so cynical? You can't buy your way into college hoops. 
 They spend money like the Sultan of Brunei at a hooker's convention. 
 Yeah, but they don't get paid. 
 No, that's right... they just get cars and free trips and tickets they can sell to alumni associations for 10 times what any scalper would get. 
 Fine. So they don't get paid. 
 What? What's this? 
 Okay! 
 You guys got this worked out? 
 Talk to the university. 
 See how she spends her evenings. 
 Ready to go? 
  Yeah. 
 Jeffries, you're in court? 
 Yeah, the severed head guy. 
 Oh yeah, him. 
 Well, stick it to him. 
 St. Raymond's University 501 Convent Street Thursday, October 14 
 Jeanne Gallagher was a very promising student. 
 Her death was a terrible blow to the entire university. 
 We're holding a campuswide mass in celebration of her life. 
 That's very thoughtful. 
 We shall miss her. 
 How well did you know her, Father McCourt? 
 As an administrator, I never actually met her. 
 But she was wellloved by many. 
 It's great that you loved her, but we need to talk to people that knew her. 
 The university will be mounting its own investigation into the tragedy and a full report shall be sent to you as soon as it's available. 
 Well, I'm sure that will be very effective, Father. 
 We know the victim was extremely drunk. 
 Alcohol counseling seminars will be part of my recommendation. 
 That's not the point. 
 Who was there? 
 You should talk to the Hostess Committee. 
 They planned it. 
 "Hostess Committee"? 
 It's a sort of women's auxiliary to help support the basketball team. 
 Very motivated campus women pitch in when necessary. 
 The Hostesses have been a St. Raymond's institution for 50 years. 
 They provide tutoring, logistical support, even ironing players' shirts if needed. 
 Or throwing one hell of a party for the team. 
 They work hard. 
 They need relaxation, too. 
 What was Jeanne Gallagher's role? 
 She was one of our star hostesses. 
 That's what Father McCourt said, too. 
 Who was at this party? 
 Players... prospective players, coaches, hostesses, and important alumni. 
 Did you see Jeanne that night? 
 Of course. 
 She came early and helped set up. 
 Did you notice what time she left? 
 I left before the party was over. 
 Perhaps her roommate, Shelley Brown, might know more than I. 
 Make yourself at home. 
 Riley, these are Detectives... 
 Munch and Cassidy. 
 Were you at the party last night? 
 Sure, of course. 
 What? 
 You weren't drinking, were you? 
 What do you care? 
 You got kind of a reputation there, Riley. 
 You're as well known for slamming back brews as for slamming down hoops. 
 So? It's offseason. 
 It doesn't affect me on the court. 
 And the drug test doesn't test for beer consumption, does it, Couger? 
 You don't know anything about me. 
 I know you're an elbow thrower in the Bill Laimbeer mode, but you don't have his postup moves. 
 Look at St. Raymond's record before taking potshots at me, okay? 
 You see Jeanne last night? 
 Yeah, she was at the party. 
 What time did she leave? 
 I don't know. 
 Me and some friends split early. 
 "Some friends and I." 
 Whatever. 
 We went to this alumni dude's house. 
 He introduced us to the mayor. 
 We'll be sure and ask about that, and alumni is plural, college man. 
 Anyone have a grudge with Jeanne? 
 Maybe. Chuck Mosley was yelling at her. 
 You're talking about a teammate. 
 We're not asking you. 
 What were they arguing about? 
 I didn't hear, exactly, but ask anyone. 
 She was crying. 
 He was all yelling. 
 You know the way those people get. 
 The way what people get? 
 You know... street players. 
 "Don' choo mess wit' my homies," and all that gangster rap crap. 
 Thinking they can get away with anything 'cause they're so bad. 
 As opposed to suburban white boys, who think they can get away with anything because of their daddies' money? 
 Yeah. 
 Know where we can find Chuck Mosley? 
 He's got a regular run at 5th Avenue and 100something Street. 
 You just look for dealers and graffiti. 
 He'll be there. 
 Yo, Mosley! 
 Chuck Mosley! 
 That'll get their attention. 
 Check it out, man. 
 It's the "Blues Brothers." 
 Actually, I'm Detective Munch and this is Detective Cassidy. 
 You need to talk to them. 
 They got next. 
 We're not here to play, handsome. 
 No? 
 No. 
 Then, do you mind? 
 You're on the court. 
 Chuck... may I call you Chuck? 
 We'd like to ask you a few questions. 
 Call my agent, man. I'm working. 
 Whoa, yo, hotshot. 
 We're here to talk about the murder of Jeanne Callagher. 
 So when a white woman's killed, you round up black men first, or do you ask a few white people some questions to keep up appearances? 
 What did you just say to me? 
 Hey, Chuck, come here. 
 I know you got to trifle with us in front of your people to save face, Chuck. 
 So I'm going to give you a choice. 
 Ride with us now or get cuffed to that chainlink fence and wait for a wagon to come and get you. 
 All right, wait. 
 Jeanne and I were friends. 
 We went to the party together. 
 What time? 
 After practice. 8:00, 9:00. 
 Why were you arguing? 
 She was on a tear. 
 Jeanne's a sweet girl, usually, but when she starts drinking she starts getting in trouble. 
 That's not an argument, that's an opinion. 
 An argument is when two people yell at each other. 
 I wanted to leave and her to come with me. 
 For her own good. 
 Did she? 
 No. 
 I gave her what for and I cut out. 
 What time, Chuck? 
 1:00, 1:30. "Conan O'Brien" was on when I got home. 
 My mom was up waiting for me. 
 Your mom's your alibi? 
 That's beautiful. 
 What's your mom's number? 
 My aunt's sick in Louisiana, she went there to visit. 
 Which hospital, Chuck? 
 I don't know. 
 When's she coming back? 
 I don't know. 
 Wrong answer. 
 She's on a bus. 
 Mosley's on ice till his alibi sticks. 
 Couger is a bigger punk off the court than he is on. 
 Unfortunately, he has an alibi. 
 He was on his way to a second party with the mayor. 
 The mayor? 
 Yeah. 
 I spoke to "His Honor" this morning. 
 He answered his own phone. 
 Well, that's reassuring. 
 Woke him up, as a matter of fact. 
 What did you get from Mosley? 
 Mosley wasn't giving up anything either, but he did admit to an argument with the vic. 
 Alibi? 
 He was watching latenight television with his mother. 
 She is conveniently on a bus trip to Louisiana. 
 You get the sense the great St. Raymond University machine is throwing itself in front of this investigation? 
 Why? Jeanne Gallagher's a student there. 
 Money. 
 And they got a winning franchise. 
 Our main suspects are basketball players. 
 We put away one or two star players... 
 They're out $40 million. 
 $40 million? 
 I keep getting fundraising letters saying they're broke. 
 Well, $8 million in television fees alone. 
 Then more money from alumni contributions then tickets and merchandising... 
 Hats, Tshirts... 
 Plastic pen holders, plastic saints. 
 Remember when it was "Georgetown" this, "Hoyas" that? 
 Now it's the U. Conn. Huskies. 
 I'll tell you this... 
 St. Raymond's would love a piece of that. 
 You may want to remind them that whatever privileges they may extend to players, we make arrests without first considering a suspect's free throw percentages. 
 Noted, jefe. 
 We're gonna do a "pickandroll" with the administration today. 
 Going to talk to the roommate who presumably doesn't have a percentage in St. Raymond's television rights. 
 Dorm Room Of Shelley Brown Agatha House St.Raymond's University Friday, October 15 
 What else do you get? 
 Tickets, cars, trips to outoftown games, you name it. 
 Awful lot of perks for just cheerleading. 
 I can see you've been getting the party line. 
 You think I would have quit if that's all it was? 
 What do they expect from you? 
 Competition to recruit top players from high schools is fierce. 
 NCAA's been cracking down on some of the more obvious money incentives. 
 Tickets, cars, the like. 
 And the hostesses offer...? 
 Hospitality. 
 The university never explicitly demands that you show players a good time... 
 But if you don't, you don't get the goodies. 
 Yes. 
 I quit. 
 Jeanne needed the money and the scholarship. 
 What else can you tell us about Jeanne? 
 We were close. 
 She stuck by me even though I quit the hostess crap. 
 She let me go on living here with her. 
 Did she have a boyfriend? 
 Brother. 
 It's not really allowed. 
 One of the unwritten rules... 
 "Hostesses must always be available." 
 So, what was her state of mind, last week or so? 
 Drunk. 
 Was Jeanne always a heavy drinker? 
 No, that's what's so weird. 
 She... at one point she never drank. But then... 
 When did she start drinking? 
 Right after the game where we got into the Sweet 16. 
 There were like, three days of celebrations. 
 After that, she kind of lost her spark. 
 That's when she started drinking. 
 What happened to her? 
 I don't know. 
 I just know that's when she changed. 
 Her parents might know. 
 She moved in with them for a couple of weeks after that. 
 Jeanne's roommate said she changed sometime around the end of the basketball season. 
 Shelley said she'd gone from being carefree into a kind of depression. 
 Drinking a lot. 
 Do you know why she changed? 
 Stress. 
 Mrs. Gallagher... we need to know. 
 Our girl was raped. 
 That's what happened to her. 
 Doctorpatient confidentiality is the cornerstone of my practice. 
 The students need to know they can trust me. 
 Doctor, I hear what you're saying. 
 But this is a rapehomicide investigation. 
 Doctor, telling us about your conversations with Jeanne is the best thing you can do for her right now. 
 I don't know who raped Jeanne. 
 She never told me. 
 Did she know her attacker or was it a stranger? 
 She said it was a basketball player. 
 She didn't tell me which one. 
 Did she give any specifics? 
 No, she never identified him by name. 
 Did she say if he was black or white? 
 I don't know. 
 She was consciously vague. 
 I didn't like to push her. 
 Dr. Coodall, he raped her. 
 He committed a felony. 
 The man should be in jail. 
 Look, three weeks after the rape, Jeanne didn't have her period. 
 Here's a girl who's happy as a lark, all of a sudden she's facing an abortion, her parents are in screaming denial, she has nightmares, starts drinking heavily. 
 I had my hands full, Detective. 
 Hey, I'm at 11 in a row here. 
 Bill Bradley used to do that. 
 Yeah, I read the McPhee book when I was a kid. 
 I thought, "As hard as he trained, I'm gonna train harder. 
 Boy, that's just great, Chuck. 
 We're actually more interested in hearing about Jeanne Gallagher. 
 I told you already. 
 We had words. 
 She was raped by a basketball player two months ago after a postseason party. 
 I'm not surprised. 
 That was one hell of an ugly party, but let me tell you, it was before we knew each other. 
 Really? 
 Are you sure that's not what you were arguing about the other night? 
 Yes, I'm sure. 
 You're sure it wasn't, "Yo, bitch, drop a dime on me and I'm gonna kill you, yo"? 
 Where does he get this stuff? 
 He's got a fertile imagination. 
 You and Jeanne studied French literature? 
 Yeah, why? 
 I mean, "Communications," 
 "Basics of Broadcasting," but Rimbaud? 
 Sure. 
 I know that... 
 "First Blood" speaks to the existential angst of being jerked around... by forces beyond your control. 
 What did he say? 
 What a wonderful job he thinks the police are doing. 
 He's not our doer. 
 Office Of Professor James Rousseau St.Raymond's University Friday, October 15 
 In three years, Chuck Mosley's going to have a shoe named after him. 
 The highest form of praise in American society. 
 Well, what about his work in class? 
 The last two books I needed for this class, Mosley had already checked them out. 
 All the more exemplary in comparison to your typical player who expects to be handed his C.P.A. 
 On the same platter as the fancy car and milliondollar deal. 
 What kind of relationship did Jeanne have with Mosley? 
 I don't know that he had one of any kind. 
 Any other basketball players in your class who weren't quite so "exemplary"? 
 You mean someone white, smug, stupid... drunk half the time? 
 A selfish player on and off the court? 
 Someone like Riley Couger, you mean? 
 Riley, you got away with one before. 
 Want to give us your side? 
 If I knew what you were talking about, I might. 
 Yeah? How about the rape of Jeanne Gallagher? 
 I did not rape Jeanne Gallagher. 
 All right. Why don't we talk about Wednesday night? 
 Remember that far back? 
 Yeah. 
 But that thing that happened to her, that was terrible, but I had nothing to do with it. 
 A "thing" didn't "happen" to her, Riley. 
 Someone dragged her into the bushes, raped her and bashed her head in with a rock. 
 Those are actions. 
 You're coming to me 'cause you think I raped Jeanne spring quarter? 
 You bet we do. 
 I've got an alibi. 
 What? 
 The campus police picked me up at a party that night, drunk. 
 Took me to their offices and I slept there all night. 
 More bad news out of St. Ray's. 
 Let's hear. 
 Riley Couger supposedly raped Jeanne Gallagher two months ago. 
 It was never reported but everyone seems to know about it. 
 So use the rape suspicions to pin the murder on Couger. 
 Yeah, except he says he was in the custody of campus police the night in question. 
 St. Ray's security obstructed a rape investigation? 
 He offered up the alibi before we even asked him. 
 When I was at St. Ray's, they wore satin shorts and canvas sneaks. 
 The word "dunk" hadn't been invented. 
 Even if it had, wasn't one player on the team that could've touched the rim without a stepladder. 
 Times have changed, jefe. 
 Not that much. 
 When the Dean of Science bought a brand new Mustang... the hottest car in the world in the fall of '64... some fool got smashed and decided he just had to take it for a spin. 
 The dean's new car? 
 Lost control on an icy road, hit another car, totaled both vehicles and broke the other driver's leg. 
 You've got a DUI, reckless endangerment and...? 
 And the campus police decided that the kid driving deserved another chance. 
 "Youthful indiscretions," they said. 
 And that fool was you? 
 I was the schmoe with the broken leg. 
 The driver was a jerk named Anthony Schlosser. 
 He's a lackey now in the mayor's office and I would still like to wring his neck, plus take a shot at campus security. 
 Office Of Campus Safety And Security St.Raymond's University Friday, October 15 
 Riley Couger said he was here the night Jeanne Gallagher was raped. 
 Yeah, it's right there. 
 Yeah. 
 The one in different colored ink and different handwriting. 
 Where'd you get the blue star? 
 BedStuy. 
 I headed a charity to build a decent gym. 
 They cut the ribbon my 19th year on the beat. 
 You don't really want to throw all that in the garbage with an accessory charge, do you? 
 That'd be a hell of a way to ruin a good career. 
 Off the record? 
 You know better than that. 
 Couger said the girl was mad at him. 
 They broke up. 
 And what? 
 He told us she was good at using the system. 
 You know... "believe the victim," all that, even though it was your basic "he said, she said." 
 So you covered his ass? 
 A girl with a grudge can destroy a man, whether he did something or not. 
 I have seen it happen. 
 We are way past "he said, she said," okay? 
 We are now looking at rapemurder. 
 He wasn't here. 
 It was a mistake. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You should be. 
 
 
 
 Salad. 
 I can eat a whole steak now. 
 Good job, honey. 
 You can eat a whole steak? 
 I can eat a whole cow right now. 
 Hello, Daddy. 
 I didn't think you were here. 
 Obviously. What are you doing out of your room? 
 Dad, I've been up there for days. 
 I can count. 
 You ready to talk? 
 There's nothing to talk about. 
 Fine. Back to your cell. 
 I really can't believe you're doing this. 
 I can't believe you tried to sneak out of the house and then sneak back in at 2:30 in the morning. 
 Think you're handling this right? 
 Yeah, I do. 
 Well, I don't. 
 Okay. What do you got? 
 Suppose my parents had dealt with me like that? 
 We wouldn't have had Maureen. 
 Hey! 
 Excuse me, I'm busy. 
 We wanted to know where you were on the Gallagher girl. 
 I'm getting to it. 
 We got two suspects. 
 All we need is the DNA testing back. 
 Half my staff is out with the flu. 
 I missed ltzhak Perlman last night to prep the semen sample personally, but PCR takes at least a week. 
 So, the Gallagher girl...? 
 I took a gander in the electron microscope. 
 Your doer's sperm count is way, way low. 
 That's beautiful. 
 There's something. 
 How soon can we have that back? 
 Within an hour of getting your suspect's semen sample for comparison. 
 Cetting that shouldn't be difficult from a couple of horny college students. 
 Thanks. 
 Great. Thank you. See you. 
 What you're asking my students to do is considered a venal sin in the eyes of the church. 
 Is confession still Saturday at 5:00, Father? 
 I'm thinking they're gonna be out in plenty of time. 
 I object to your flippancy, Captain. 
 The police department must set the highest moral standards for our young people. 
 That would be great, but what we have to do, Reverend, is solve crimes. 
 They're in here. 
 Do as they ask. 
 All right. Let's get them going. 
 All right. When you've produced the desired sample, wipe any excess spillage from the container... 
 I can't do this. and seal the lid. 
 Did you have a fight with your right hand? Sure you can. 
 Let's go. 
 If you want to refuse, Brother Mosley, I'll stand with you. 
 I can talk to you, right? 
 No B.S.? 
 I'm all ears. 
 Jeanne and I made love. 
 You were seen arguing with her. 
 What was that, foreplay? 
 We argued later... much later. 
 So when did you make love? 
 Early, before the party got started. 
 We were just hangin' out... all of a sudden she kisses me. 
 And it's nice. 
 She takes me by the hand and leads me... 
 So you're just giving me a headsup that you're gonna I.D. Positive on this test? 
 See, that's just it... 
 I'm not. 
 Why? 
 We used a condom. 
 I hope Mr. Ward is not going to be late for his own sentencing. 
 The defendant was killed while in custody... in the same manner as his victim. 
 Then... this case is adjourned because it is unnecessary. 
 Next case. 
 Hey, can I ask your advice on a tough one? 
 What, the campus murder? 
 Yeah, well, same vic, different crime. 
 It was a date rape... some arrogant jerk on the basketball team. 
 The problem is, the girl's dead, and the rape was two months old, so any physical evidence is long gone. 
 That makes it tough. 
 Yeah. 
 Without any physical evidence, is there any other way to bring charges against him? 
 If anyone knows about it, the grand jury'll give us an 805 hearsay exception, provided that the person is credible enough. 
 A decorated excop... is that "credible" enough for you? 
 Make him a reservation at Rikers. 
 Man, does this place bring back memories. 
 Why? You didn't go here. 
 I didn't go anywhere, but it reminds me how badly I wanted to go to a fouryear school. 
 What are you talking about? 
 You went to Queens College. 
 I commuted. 
 New wife, new kid, took classes at night, but never lived in the dorm. 
 That's what I wanted to do. 
 I even knew where. 
 Where? 
 Are you ready for this? yeah. 
 Everglades University. 
 Everglades? 
 Yeah. 
 "Playboy Magazine" rated universities by their "sexual temperature"... 
 E.U. Always at the top of the list. 
 Beautiful. I can see you had your priorities in order. 
 Thanks. 
 Who was in class the day after Jeanne was murdered? 
 I don't take attendance. 
 Who are you looking for? 
 Can you take a guess? 
 If you name some names, I can tell you if they were there. 
 Chuck Mosley. 
 He was there. 
 Chuck's not in trouble, is he? 
 Did you talk with him? 
 Now that you mention it, he seemed distracted... as if he had a lot on his mind. 
 It was a day of tragedy. 
 Most people looked pale, distracted... but I don't remember him making one comment that morning. 
 Was that odd for Chuck? 
 Very odd. 
 I just wrote it off as a hangover at the time. 
 Is that helpful? 
 Very helpful, Professor. 
 Thank you. 
 We're gonna be in touch with you. 
 The first time we talked to the good professor, Chuck was an angel. 
 Today he's a slacker with a hangover. 
 He doesn't remember anybody who was in class until we bring him up. 
 Suddenly he remembers a lot of specifics. 
 What do you think Rousseau's angle is? 
 I don't know, but he's definitely covering up for something. 
 The guy keeps feeding us what we want to hear. 
 Which version of Chuck do you believe... star student or slacker? 
 Let's see what the suspect's sperm count is... 
 I think we'll have a better idea. 
 It looks like we got two healthy boys on our hands. 
 Uhhuh. Couger and Mosley's "little swimmers" are shipshape. 
 No kidding. 
 Yeah... remember when, John? 
 I could say the same thing to you, babe. 
 So Couger and Mosley are free to go? 
 Couger? We got no real reason to hold him. 
 Right. But Mosley? 
 He wasn't straight from the beginning about his relationship with Jeanne. 
 Until we can confirm his alibi about where he was from midnight till class the next morning, I say we keep him. 
 His mother is on the way in. 
 Special Victims Unit Interrogation Room Tuesday, October 19 
 He was home by 1:00. 
 He had to be... he had a class the next morning. 
 Does he have a curfew? 
 Yes, he does. 
 I have always insisted that academics come first. 
 When his work is done, and only when it's done, can he participate in extracurricular activities. 
 Do you consider bigtime college basketball an "extracurricular activity"? 
 Are you serious? 
 My son has the potential to be much more than a basketball player. 
 Your son is one of the best kids in the paint in the country. 
 If he went pro, he could make more money in one week than everybody in this building combined. 
 Nothing we could do to Mosley could compare to the wrath of this woman. 
 We got no sperm. 
 His alibi is good. 
 Let him go. 
 Agatha House St.Raymond's University Tunesday, October 19 
 Rousseau's class started out at first as a seminar on French lit. 
 Great... "Les Mis" for all. 
 A few weeks in, Rousseau's eyeing Jeanne. 
 "Eyeing" how? 
 Moony and sensitive. 
 But she wasn't into it. 
 Did she tell him? 
 What? "Don't look at me?" 
 I mean, he wasn't leering, he was just... there's no law against looking, is there? 
 There is against stalking. 
 I know. 
 She told me that every time she went into the library, he'd be there. 
 The bookstore... same thing. 
 He'd claim he was an avid reader, am I right? 
 Exactly. 
 I mean, the guy's a tenured professor. 
 They have to kill somebody to lose their job. 
 These situations often come down to the student's word against that of a wellliked professor. 
 Sir, Ms. Gallagher is not speaking much these days. 
 I've had several discussions with Henri, and we've agreed that he will modify his behavior accordingly. 
 You see, in our world... 
 In our world, Father, "behavior modification" means prison time. 
 For unwanted attention? Please. 
 Again, sir, we call it "stalking." 
 Legally, "harassment two." 
 If we find priors, it goes up to "menacing in the first degree." 
 Menace...? 
 Well, that's in the eye of the beholder, isn't it? 
 No, Father. 
 It's in the eye of the District Attorney. 
 And then in 1976, Rousseau was accused of "forcing himself" on a Sarah Lawrence girl during a bicentennial tequila bash. 
 She'd passed out and then came to in his frat house on the receiving end of a forcible oral cop. 
 And...? 
 The girl was given cab fare to Bronxville, while Rousseau's fraternity became known as "I Atea Pi." 
 That's when the good fathers at St Raymond's took him on as a teaching assistant. 
 Since then, the guy's racked up quite a string of "maybes." 
 It's like a timeline in the history of sexcrime legislation. 
 What did they call it before we invented the terms "date rape" and "sexual harassment"? 
 "Boys will be boys"? 
 Any arrests in all of this? 
 Say the magic word, counselor. 
 I need physical evidence on the murder. 
 We'll recanvass the crime scene. 
 Do that. Meanwhile, search his home and office. 
 I think I'm falling in love with you, Abby. 
 Maureen...? 
 Wait a minute. 
 What? 
 I don't know, whatever. 
 "Whatever"? 
 Is that your idea of an apology? 
 I'm not apologizing. 
 But I'm not gonna stand here and have a cold war with someone that I love. 
 Daddy, I really didn't do anything. 
 I promise. 
 Okay, I believe you. You're innocent, but not about the lying part. 
 I was just afraid. 
 So am I. 
 Don't you understand? 
 You're innocent, but the world... it's what I see day in and day out. 
 You want to sneak out at night and have fun with your friends, I end up picking up your body parts in the middle of Jersey. 
 Daddy! 
 Come here. 
 Daddy, I'm sorry. 
 Me, too. 
 Hey, I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 Yeah. 
 St.Julian's Square St.Raymond's University Wednesday, October 20 
 Just once, I'd like to see people take a little breather before they "let the healing begin." 
 "Enrolled in God's college, now we love you, Jeanne"? Please. 
 Oh come on. It's a spontaneous outpouring of emotion by the students. 
 All I'm saying is, if I die, the spot where I go down... make sure this never happens or I'm gonna haunt you the rest of your days. 
 Noted. 
 Okay, so where's Rousseau's office? 
 That way, but he'd walk by this way every day to get to his lecture halls. 
 Familiarity. 
 We had reddish fragments in the wound, right? 
 Yeah, they never found the murder weapon... the rock or brick or whatever. 
 Maybe it's the building. 
 The building? 
 Yeah... he pushes her around. 
 Victim or attacker? 
 Attacker. 
 So he bashes her head into the wall like that? 
 No, no, no... you meant he hit her over the head with the building. 
 Gotcha. 
 Except the body was found over there and we got no drag marks leading from that body. 
 Forensics went over that area, but it's that... that's it. 
 Wait up, wait up, wait up. 
 These stairs. 
 Yeah. 
 What if... what if he pushed her? 
 What if he pushes her down the stairs? 
 This whole time we've been assuming that the rock hit her. 
 Maybe she hit the rock. 
 Any notes he sent to Jeanne, or comments he may have written on her papers that weren't about structure or theme? 
 I handle the papers and the grading. 
 Any conferences scheduled for after office hours? 
 He keeps his own schedule. 
 Becky, listen to me, we're not here to bust you for padding his gradebook. 
 Rousseau had his favorites... all teachers do. 
 But in this case, if you don't help us, there's gonna be another Jeanne Gallagher. 
 That's his schedule. 
 Yes, it is. 
 29th... 
 Political science at 10:20, lunch at the Sprout Fact... 
 "165th to Reservoir"...? 
 What's that mean? 
 That's a jogging path. 
 He a jogger? 
 What's he doing in a political science class? 
 It's not him... its her. 
 This is Jeanne's schedule. 
 His schedule was her schedule. 
 Where is he now? 
 He has class in 20 minutes in the quad. 
 He prides himself on punctuality. 
 I bet he does. 
 "Flowers of Evil"... how appropriate. 
 Very good. 
 Unfortunately, I'm in the middle of a lecture, but perhaps we can exchange Baudelaire bon mots after class. 
 Why don't you let 'er rip now? 
 Class is dismissed. 
 Henri Rousseau, you are under arrest for the rape and murder of Jeanne Gallagher. 
 Could you roll up your sleeve, please? 
 I'm sorry... what? 
 Could you roll up you sleeve, please? 
 It's kind of like a bad French film noir, isn't it... all these cops around in a circle, some silent, some leaning in with cynical quips? 
 Sort of. 
 So is what you did to Jeanne Gallagher... raping her, throwing her down the steps to shut her up? 
 That's not it. 
 Well, then, enlighten us, please. 
 I didn't rape her. 
 You raped her, then you pushed her, her head hit the stone steps. 
 Your semen sample's back at the lab awaiting your blood, and when they match, you're gonna stand trial for rapehomicide. 
 Come on, miss, you're badgering my client. 
 It's Detective, not "miss," and we're not in court, counselor... we're in my house. Why don't you save your lawyering for somebody who gives a damn? 
 I didn't kill her. 
 You panicked. You thought if you could just drag her body into the bushes, no one would notice for a while. 
 It'll give you time to clean up. 
 No. 
 No? 
 Maybe you figured it'd look like a stranger dragged her into the bushes? 
 No. 
 I didn't. 
 She was already dead. 
 What do you mean? 
 I mean, she fell. 
 I was watching them. 
 Who? 
 The two of them... Mosley... they were like animals, like weasels. 
 Then he left her. 
 I waited some more... 
 Iooked through the window while she partied. 
 Finally, she came out. 
 The top step... she... lost her footing, laughed... the way she always laughed. 
 Then she fell off her shoe and down she went. 
 I went to her... touched... 
 Did you feel for a pulse? 
 Or something else? 
 I could tell she was dead... so I ... carried her into the garden. 
 Why? 
 Why? 
 So I could make love to her. 
 Excuse us. 
 Well, I'll be leaving now. 
 May God have mercy on your soul, my son. 
 But you should also realize that you're responsible for your own legal fees. 
 I make my confession to God. 
 Make your peace with Him, then. 
 If you drop the homicide, I'll ask Dr. Rousseau to plead to s*x with a deceased person. 
 Absent a witness? 
 Who saw him push her? 
 Do we have a deal? 
 Yeah. 
 ClassA misdemeanor... one year, probably suspended, with a recommendation for counseling. 
 Before your lawyer bails on you, you should ask him what three... not one... classA felonies amount to. 
 Three? 
 We've also got you on obstruction and disturbing a crime scene... these carry one year each, and you will... believe me... serve them consecutively. 
 Charles, it's "Mutt and Jeff." 
 Which one's "Mutt"? 
 Did you come to help us pack? 
 If you like. 
 I've moved dozens of times... divorce, creditors, rent hikes... 
 I know what it's like. 
 And what are you laughing at? 
 Nothing, ma'am. 
 We don't bounce balls in the house. 
 Hey, how's it going? 
 Other than that Nuggets scout not returning my call, and the Mike Lupicawannabe in the news calling me "Problem Child 4," everything's great. 
 There's always the Knicks. 
 Yeah. What the hell? 
 Watch your mouth. 
 So? I heard you're going to Tulane. 
 Where'd you hear that? 
 That's what I do, Mosley, I ferret out information. 
 Plus, I'm a fan. 
 Of Tulane? 
 Yeah, last year's sleeper in a round of sleepers. 
 They're good on the break, they need help on the wing. 
 But I'm talking about you. 
 I'm a fan of yours. 
 Well, in another year, you can ... cheer for me again. 
 You know, you handled yourself like a real man throughout all of this. 
 For whatever embarrassment or discomfort it's caused you... you know, having to wear the red jersey and move out of town... 
 I apologize on behalf of my people. 
 You're a weird cat, Munch, but you're cool. 
 Thanks. 
 Oh, yeah... Riley Couger? 
 b*st*rd. 
 Gets away with rape and I lose a year of eligibility. 
 He doesn't get away with anything. 
 The grand jury's got enough to indict him. 
 Believe me, what goes around comes around. 
 No, it doesn't. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 