Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Uncivilized - Law & Order: Special Victims Unit 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Uncivilized https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=421&t=21383 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/20/99 04:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Uncivilized 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 In the criminal justice system, sexually-based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as The Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. 
 The victim's name is Ryan Davies, reported missing Friday night around 6:00, 6:30. 
 Positive ID? 
 Pending notification of the family. 
 Who found the body? 
 They did. 
 What happened here, fellas? 
 We were playing touch. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 He sent me long. 
 The ball rolled into the bushes and l... there was a pile of leaves and stuff. 
 Okay, let's go through it again, real slow, and tell me what happened. 
 What do we got? 
 Kid was assaulted, strangled, left in a shallow grave. 
 How old? 
 Around eight. 
 Wait, hold on one sec. 
 Mrs. Davies? 
 We're sorry to have to tell you this. 
 Terry?! Terry! 
 Law & Order: SVU 
1x07 Uncivilized 
 Original air date : 1999/11/15 
 All right, people, what have we learned? 
 No one can handle crimes against children. 
 Yeah. And lesson two... 
 Get out after two years. 
 Three... 
 No one can handle the children. 
 Specifically. Here. 
 Ryan Davies. Eight. 
 A couple of kids playing touch football found his body in the woods behind the playing field. 
 Naked from the waist down. 
 Signs of sexual assault. 
 Ligature marks around his neck. 
 Bruises covered his body. 
 No signs of struggle. 
 No weapon, no evidence was found at the scene. 
 Only a shallow grave? 
 The marshes behind the field are expansive. 
 The crime most likely happened there. 
 We'll keep uniforms walking the marshes looking for evidence. 
 His parents reported him missing 40 hours before the body was found. 
 Time of death... 
 Friday night, 5:00 p.m. 
 Any idea what caused the bruises? 
 Yeah, a hand. 
 The marks were round, and varied from... a half inch to three inches in diameter. 
 Parents have a history of abuse? 
 Babysitter, uncle? 
 Teachers, coaches? 
 I'll check out the adults in his life. 
 Search the neighborhood for registered s*x offenders. 
 Any recent abductions in the neighborhood? 
 Not that we know of. 
 The kid's body was transported from A to B and left in a shallow grave. 
 Transporting the body, leaving it exposed...hallmarks of a stranger. 
 The last time the parents saw him was after school, he went to a comic book shop in search of Pokemon cards. 
 He never made it there. 
 Who lets an eight-year-old out alone? 
 You watch over them 24 hours a day, you wind up with safe little neurotics. 
 Well, let's canvass the neighborhood. 
 All right? 
 You ever think about having kids? 
 Why, when I have you? 
 I think about it all the time. 
 Cookies for sale. 
 Hi. 
 Who are you? 
 I'm Detective Munch, this is Detective Cassidy. 
 You're here about Ryan Davies. 
 What do you know about him? 
 I know I won't let her out of my sight. 
 Hey, how much for a bag? 
 Five bucks. 
 Five bucks?! All right. 
 Give me four. 
 You go to school here? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah? 
 Did you know Ryan Davies? 
 I ate at his house once. 
 You did? 
 Did you know that someone hurt him? 
 Yeah? 
 We're looking for the person that may have hurt Ryan. 
 Do you think you can remember if anyone's talked about what might have happened? 
 Have you heard anything? 
 Boys. 
 Boys, older boys? 
 Who? 
 It's okay. 
 Mike D and Jimmy G. 
 Do you know where Mike D and Jimmy G hang out? 
 You Jimmy G? 
 No, I'm Mike D. 
 Who wants to know? 
 I guess that's obvious, huh? 
 What's up? 
 You tell us. 
 You know Ryan Davies? 
 Dude, I live like two houses down from him. 
 Yeah? You see anything on Friday night? 
 I saw a lot. 
 When something out of the ordinary happens, you look for what else is out of the ordinary before the out of ordinary happens. 
 Don't patronize me. 
 Actually, it's "pat-ronize." 
 What was different? 
 There's a weird guy. 
 Yeah, old dude riding his bike around school. 
 Same time every day. 
 About two hours after school got out. 
 Was he there Friday night? 
 Weird guy. 
 Skin on his forehead's thin... see-through, like somebody stretched it over his skull. 
 You hadn't seen this guy before? 
 No, he only started doing it about a month ago. 
 What do you know about him? 
 His last name's Turbit. 
 He hides out in his apartment. 
 His hole. 
 On Linwood. 
 Cool. Thanks. 
 You know, I thought "Men in Black" sucked. 
 Better than appropriating black culture for your own bad self. 
 At least be original. 
 Apartment Of Bill Turbit 106 Linwood Street Monday, November 8 
 So, you like the park? 
 I like the trees and grass, the granite outcroppings... like a wilderness. 
 I ride my bike there. 
 No, thank you. 
 It's a nice neighborhood. 
 That's why I moved here. 
 Why the playing field? 
 I don't understand. 
 Why do you ride your bike by the playing field? 
 Aside form the fact that it's beautiful? 
 Okay. 
 I love city parks. 
 You get a sense of history. 
 Central Park was a sheep meadow before Olmstead and Calvert Vaux transformed it into... 
 Usually only kids hang out by the field. 
 I see. 
 It's unusual for a grown man to hang out where kids play. 
 Some may say inappropriate. 
 It's a public space. 
 I ride through the fields on my way home from work. 
 Helps me clear my mind. 
 What do you do, Mr. Turbit? 
 I work at the recycling center. 
 I sort out the plastic bottles. 
 The clear from the colored. 
 The green, the red. 
 And you ride your bike to and from work? 
 Absolutely. 
 It's better for the environment. 
 Imagine the air in this city if people rode their bikes everywhere. 
 I've got a great old bike. 
 A classic cruiser. 
 I keep it covered up out back. 
 I think someone must be jealous of it. 
 It's been moved, the chain stolen, you name it. 
 It's a tough city. 
 It is. 
 We're investigating the murder of a young boy. 
 His body was found at the playing field. 
 Oh, no. 
 Did you see anybody on your way home these last few days? 
 No. 
 Friday night, you go straight home? 
 Friday night? 
 No, I went to the tavern, had a few drinks. 
 You like to drink? 
 No! No! 
 It's my stamp collection. 
 My old man used to collect stamps. 
 I never saw the appeal. 
 It's a brief history of America. 
 Planes, trains. 
 Elvis. 
 Tangible proof of communication between people. 
 He sold the whole set when Maureen was born. 
 Bought us a bassinet. 
 Helped out with the rent. 
 Look. 
 I wonder if this dirt matches the field where we found Ryan. 
 Let's find out. 
 When I was a little kid, my parents told me never to eat sweets. 
 So, as an adult you overcompensate? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm guessing your parents also said you should never get married? 
 Hey. 
 Forensic's is working on a match on the dirt you took from Turbit's tire to the dirt at the playground. 
 Jeffries is working on Turbit's background. 
 The guy was definitely very strange. 
 I almost touched his box where he keeps his stamp collection... guy freaks out. 
 The kids put him at the field at 5:00 p. M...Ryan's time of death. 
 Friday night Turbit says he was drinking. 
 We need to search Turbit's apartment. 
 Then we're gonna need a positive ID on Turbit. 
 We get that, we'll get the warrant. 
 Go to the shelter, get some guys to fill out the lineup. 
 Bring in Turbit and our two eyewitnesses. 
 You got it. 
 You recognize anyone? 
 Number three. 
 Number three. 
 He was riding his bike by the school the day Ryan Davies disappeared. 
 Are you sure, son? 
 That's all for now. 
 Friday night, I was at the Tavern. 
 So you said. 
 Did anyone see you? 
 I would guess so. 
 What were you doing there? 
 I had just acquired the lnverted Jenny... 
 Number C3a. 
 The airplane, upside down? 
 24c. 
 It was in poor condition, but it was a remarkable deal, and I wanted to celebrate. 
 You know Ryan Davies? 
 Who? 
 What did you drink at the Tavern? 
 Black and tan. 
 Who'd you talk to? 
 Some guys. I played cards. 
 What kind? 
 Penny ante. 
 With whom? 
 I don't know their names. 
 I usually keep to myself. 
 I need to talk to you. 
 In his precinct there are nine registered s*x offenders. 
 I went through their files. 
 And only one of the s*x offender's MO's matched this case. 
 Turbit was convicted 11 years ago. 
 He did his time. 
 He was paroled. 
 He filled out his paperwork with the s*x Offender Monitoring Unit within the 10 days, as required. 
 And he's been in the neighborhood about a year. 
 What was he convicted of? 
 He re-registers every 90 days, as required by law. 
 What was he convicted of? 
 Child molestation. 
 A boy. 
 A boy two months older than Ryan Davies. 
 Stay back! 
 Maybe we should come back to do the search. 
 Why? They look harmless enough. 
 Detectives! 
 Why weren't we informed about this?! 
 You let a child molester live here, among our children. 
 Sir, I am not gonna argue with you, because I agree. 
 Unfortunately, I am not the parole board. 
 I let my son be alone with him. 
 That damn stamp collection! 
 He used it to lure my daughter inside. 
 I complained, but no one listened. 
 Are you listening now?! 
 I'm sorry. 
 Not all s*x offenders are repeat offenders. 
 You show me a first time offender, I'll show you a guy never caught before. 
 I met with Dr. Meloy and with Mr. Turbit. 
 In my opinion, he wasn't a threat. 
 Is that why you didn't do a door-to-door notification when he moved into the neighborhood? 
 You saw what happened today. 
 A neighborhood finds out there's a s*x offender among them, he becomes a target. 
 So it's the rights of a community versus the rights of an individual? 
 The fact is, anyone with an lnternet connection can go to a s*x offender's website, and find out more than he wants to know about Turbit. 
 He is a simple, religious man. 
 He responded well to therapy. 
 He had, in my opinion, a genuine turnaround. 
 One year out, he molests another kid. Only, this one dies. 
 This is your idea of a turnaround? 
 Doesn't sound at all like the Bill Turbit I knew. 
 Excuse me, you knew him in prison. 
 When there's no bedcheck, when you have to prepare your own meals, you act differently. 
 Turbit showed genuine remorse for his crime. He couldn't sleep. 
 And his victim couldn't walk for a month. 
 That boy was in the hospital, on his stomach, for four weeks. 
 On the night it happened, Bill was high. 
 That's not really the right word. 
 He was overloaded on a psychedelic STP cocktail. He was psychotic. 
 The last thing he remembers is a boy knocking at his door, selling candy bars. 
 The neighbors heard screams, they called the police. 
 They found the boy lying across the room unconscious. 
 And they found Bill, balled up in terror because he thought the boy was after him. 
 He believed the boy had died, and that his corpse was attacking him. 
 It wasn't the boy's screams the neighbors heard... it was Turbit's. 
 This blood test is unnecessary. 
 We've got a court order. 
 What are you going to match it against? 
 ME found DNA samples under the boy's fingernails. 
 These new victim's rights laws protect the public at the expense of the individual's constitutional rights. 
 It's your fight, not mine. 
 My client did his time. 
 You wouldn't know it. 
 He had more freedom inside. 
 Please don't! Please don't! 
 Mr. Turbit. 
 Mr. Turbit, we've an order from the court to obtain a sample of blood from you. 
 We can do this two ways, my way or your way? 
 I don't like needles. 
 Sir, please cooperate. 
 No! No, no, no! 
 Stop it! Stop! 
 No, no, no! 
 No, no, no, no! 
 Home Of Terry & Linda Davies 507 Cooper Street Tuesday, November 9 
 Thank you very much for stopping by. 
 My son... wore glasses. 
 Have you seen them? 
 I'm sorry, Mrs. Davies, we haven't. 
 But we do have officers searching the area. 
 He can't see without them. 
 We'll do our best to find them. 
 Please keep in touch. 
 Let us know how things are going. 
 We promise. 
 Daddy, over here. 
 Over where? 
 Here. 
 Hello. 
 We waited for you as long as we could. 
 Yeah. Where's Dickie? 
 I'm sure he's playing ball. 
 Come here. 
 What's the matter, Daddy, are you mad at me? 
 No. 
 The Tavern 465 Dyckman Street Tuesday, November 9 
 Turbit's a paycheck drinker. 
 So he comes in here every other week. 
 Yeah, he drinks about half the paycheck he just cashed. 
 He get paid last week? 
 He was here. 
 What night? 
 Friday. 
 You see him playing cards with anyone? 
 I gotta tell you something. 
 I have a little girl, about a year older than that Davies kid. 
 She lives with her mom. 
 I was up all last night thinking of what could happen to her. 
 I know, believe me, I know, but... did Turbit play cards with anyone that night? 
 Not that I saw. 
 And I know everyone in here. 
 What time did he leave? 
 You know... he left for a few hours, uh, then he came back. 
 Seemed real upset about something. 
 You never told me what you think when you think about having kids. 
 Ah, selfish stuff, mostly. 
 Like? 
 Like how it would make me feel... hopeful and stuff. 
 I look at a kid, I think about all the trouble they're gonna get into. 
 No, it's just that... you hope they're not gonna make the same mistakes that you made. 
 That they'll go to a better school, have a better right hook. 
 That they'll... 
 Just say no? 
 Just say yes. 
 And then we get a case like this. 
 All the possibilities just... disappear. 
 Yeah. 
 Thanks. 
 And you? You never wanted the responsibility? 
 No, I wouldn't want to give a kid the responsibility of me. 
 The soil sample you brought in from the bike's tread matches the soil sample from the area where the body was found. 
 But? 
 The soil wasn't imported, it's indigenous to the area. 
 So the dirt doesn't put him at the crime scene. 
 It puts him in the neighborhood, that's it. 
 Great. Circumstantial. 
 Ryan's glasses ever show up? 
 I don't think so, but I just started on the case. 
 I wanted to show you something. 
 Ligature marks around the neck have an unusual pattern. 
 Indentations about an inch apart. 
 What scale are these photos? 
 They're life-size. 
 A chain? 
 Perfect. 
 We're still waiting for the DNA reports on Turbit's bike chain? 
 Yes. But the chain fits the ligature marks on Ryan's neck. 
 We've got two eyewitnesses who can put him at the playing field the time Ryan disappeared. 
 And a bartender who can blow a hole through two hours of Turbit's alibi. 
 All that and one very precedent-setting night 12 years ago. 
 That's not enough? 
 It is, but what was the name of Turbit's first victim? 
 Christopher James. 
 He's almost 21 years old. 
 Lives with his mom. 
 Father left, couldn't deal. 
 Well, talk to him. Compare MOs. 
 You come up with the same MO, we'll put this guy away. 
 Home Of Rachel & Christopher James 853 Fort Washington Avenue Wednesday, November 10 
 Christopher? 
 Hey, Christopher, I'm Detective Benson, and this is my partner, Detective Stabler. 
 Christopher. 
 Christopher? 
 What Bill Turbit did to you, he did to someone else. 
 What was his name? 
 Ryan. 
 Ryan Davies. 
 
 
 
 Ryan. 
 I know you've told your story before, but I need to record it. 
 Tell me what Bill Turbit did to you. 
 My mother didn't want me to go out alone but I insisted. 
 I was a big boy. 
 I knocked on his door. 
 I had four chocolate bars left. 
 He invited me in. 
 I needed to use the restroom. 
 And when I came out, he wanted to play. 
 He wanted me to ride on his back, like he was a donkey. 
 And he took off his belt, and he pretended it was his harness, and he got down on all fours. 
 I did not want to. 
 And when I refused, he took the belt... and he wrapped it around my neck... and forced me down on all fours. 
 And he pulled the belt tight around my neck. 
 And then he began to... to hurt me. 
 And he pulled the belt tighter and tighter. 
 And the darkness came over my head. 
 Thank you. 
 You never told me your first name. 
 Olivia. 
 Olivia... origin of the name, Greek. 
 Four syllables... it means olive tree. 
 Apartment Of Bill Turbit 106 Linwood Street Wednesday, November 10 
 Keep your head down and your mouth shut and you'll be all right. 
 Give me some space here, people, thank you! Let's go. 
 Not in this neighborhood! 
 Scum! 
 Why don't you execute the son of a bitch?! 
 Watch your head. 
 Sir, stand back. 
 Detective Stabler? 
 What is it? 
 I wasn't entirely straightforward with you the other day. 
 What is it? 
 She's my partner, go ahead. 
 The night Ryan vanished... 
 Turbit was in my bar. 
 He was in your bar the whole night? 
 Yes. He was babbling about postage or something. 
 The whole night? He didn't leave, not even for an hour? 
 He was in the tavern the whole night, playing cards. 
 If he didn't do the Davies kid, he'll do some other kid, you know he will! 
 We can't hold him anymore. 
 But his bail was denied. 
 Only because I spoke to you after the judge had made his ruling. 
 If a bartender can place Turbit at his bar the night of the murder, Turbit's attorney will have him out in two hours. 
 This bartender, what's his agenda? 
 Guilty conscience. 
 He's a retired transit cop. 
 He couldn't live with himself having made a false statement to a fellow officer. 
 Okay, let's double-check Turbit's alibi anyway, just in case. 
 What?! 
 Uh, yeah. 
 We still have two eye-witnesses that place Turbit at the field at Ryan's time of death. 
 Two teenagers versus a retired cop? 
 We're gonna release him. 
 The bike chain we found at Turbit's house exactly matches the ligature marks on Ryan's neck. 
 Which means very little without the DNA results. 
 You know s*x offenders have an 88% recidivism rate. 
 And I have an obligation to inform his counsel. 
 Yeah, you do. 
 But you don't have a time constraint on that. 
 That was your boss. 
 The DA wants me down there right now, so don't do anything just yet. 
 Office Of State Attorney General Morris Klein Wednesday, November 10 
 Thanks for coming down, Don. 
 You want coffee or something? 
 No, I'm good. 
 A little confused, but other than that... 
 Tell me about it! Used to be you catch 'em, we cook 'em. 
 Now the laws change with the seasons, and we're not just prosecutors, we have to be politicians too. 
 Schiff asked me to talk to you. 
 We need you to hold the child molester... Turbit. 
 Well, if your people have any new evidence, I'd be glad to. 
 "The Monster Awakes." 
 It's not enough the neighbors weren't informed, now we're letting him go. 
 Well, I share their pain, Morris, but Mr. Turbit's alibi checked out. 
 So I believe that means that legally he's a free man. 
 He's a poster boy for the "lock up all the perverts" movement... the outraged citizens who could care less about civil liberties when their kids are at risk. 
 Personally, I don't disagree with that, but I don't understand how this is my problem. 
 It's not. It's mine. 
 Right now there is a rider to a mental health bill in Albany that would give the state extremely wide latitude in keeping s*x offenders off the street. 
 By holding them indefinitely? 
 You've got to be kidding. 
 At the time of their release you get a psychiatrist to convince the parole board the offender can't control his impulses, that he's likely to rape again. 
 He gets sent away to Greedmore for the rest of his life. 
 How can a man be found sane enough to stand trial, be convicted and do his time, and then upon release be found insane and locked up again? 
 It's called civil commitment. 
 And they need a test case. 
 Well... like you said, counselor, I only catch them, but last I heard the rule of law was you do the crime, you do the time... and Mr. Turbit did his! 
 Why don't I just release him with a giant "M" on his back? 
 We'll work as fast as we can. 
 I have already contacted Dr. Greenblatt, our psychologist. 
 As a mitzvah can you buy me some time? 
 This goes against everything I believe, Morris. 
 I know. 
 Please? 
 You got 24 hours, not a minute more. 
 Hup! 
 When are you gonna come and talk to my class? 
 I don't know. 
 Whip it around... whoa! 
 And maybe I could bring your badge in for show-and-tell? 
 Yeah... I'll talk. 
 Looking for pedophiles, Dad? 
 Where did you get that from? 
 Danny Baker, he says you spend your time hunting for pedophiles. 
 And what did you tell Danny Baker? 
 I told him that you're a cop, but you can tell him yourself when you come to my class. 
 Deal. Wanna fly? 
 Yeah. 
 All right. Ready? 
 Hup, hup, hup. 
 Up! 
 Go, go. 
 This Dr. Greenblatt is different from Turbit's prison psychologist. 
 She was hand-picked by the DA's office. 
 You ask enough doctors, you'll get the opinion you want. 
 You're not very comfortable with the idea of a psychiatric review, are you? 
 I'm not comfortable with situational ethics. 
 Bill, you can explain that last question to me, instead of writing it out, if you like. 
 Okay... 
 Um... 
 When I... saw the photos from the crime scene... the crime scene was my apartment... 
 I couldn't believe when they told me it was me who had done that. 
 Me... 
 The scratches on the wall, carpet that squished with blood... it looked like an animal had been in my place. 
 Did you fantasize about what you had done? 
 It was the drugs. 
 My biggest fantasy before that was maybe... sitting by the window and, and... waiting for the lady across the air shaft to... take off her blouse. 
 Do you feel remorse for what you did to Christopher? 
 Not a day's gone by... where the thought of that boy doesn't go through my head. 
 But I don't remember a single minute of it. 
 It's... it's like watching a home movie. 
 You don't remember the birthday itself, but... you see the movie often enough and it becomes the memory, you know what I mean? 
 There are two Billys involved in this. 
 I don't know what scared me more... what had been done to the boy... or that the person who had done it... 
 Was me. 
 I just had... no idea I was capable of doing that. 
 But you never know, do you? 
 I'd like to see these DNA results as soon as possible. 
 I told them to rush those DNA results. 
 He said I would have them by this afternoon, This afternoon was four hours ago. 
 Some day DNA testing will take 10 seconds. 
 God help us all. 
 This is Captain Donald Cragen of the s*x crimes unit. 
 Uh-huh, look, we're still waiting for... results on sample number Oscar Charlie 7729 Apple. Yeah. 
 You did? 
 Yeah, well, thanks for telling us. 
 What do we got? 
 Turbit's DNA did not match the DNA we found on Ryan. 
 Mr. Turbit, you're free to go. 
 Let's go. 
 Just like that, huh? 
 I'll ask Captain Lloral to put some uniforms outside his apartment. 
 But yeah... yeah, just like that. 
 Um... do I get my bike now? 
 Yeah. 
 So... can I count on your detectives at the hearing tomorrow? 
 For how long? 
 Not long. 
 An hour, hour and a half. 
 They'll be asked to testify as to Mr. Turbit's behavior when they first interviewed him. 
 Was he cooperative, lucid... basic stuff. 
 There have to be other options. 
 Chemical castration... 
 Depo-Provera? 
 You miss one shot and the drug loses its effectiveness. 
 It only quiets a man's impulses, it doesn't erase them. 
 What about intensive therapy? 
 We're not talking about issues of low self-esteem or Oedipal rage. 
 This is something I can't codify into an exact number of sessions. 
 This civil commitment hearing is, right now, the best way we have to protect our community. 
 You're going to put him away even though he didn't kill the boy? 
 Consider it a preemptive strike. 
 You really think that he'll rape again? 
 You can make book on it, Captain. 
 Home Of Terry & Linda Davies 507 Cooper Street Thursday, November 11 
 Have you found Ryan's glasses? 
 The case is not going very well. 
 I knew it! 
 Sir, we don't think that we found the right person. 
 We're sorry. 
 It's my fault. 
 I should have never let Ryan... 
 I shouldn't have let him go! 
 There is a hearing this morning to try and lock Turbit away. 
 Who else could have done it? 
 We have some solid leads. 
 ...And when we say "Check their ID," we mean read it. 
 Don't be afraid. 
 Demand that they show it to you, not just flash it at you. 
 But that means that you guys have got to take the time and really look at it. 
 And make sure that it looks like my badge there, because the two things that the... 
 Child molesters. 
 Child molesters count on is play-acting. Which is... all that is, is pretending. 
 They might pretend that they're a policeman, or doctor. 
 And the other thing is that... they know that kids want to please grown-ups. 
 So they might say, "Hey, I've lost my kitten. 
 Can you help me find him?" 
 So if a stranger says, "Come with me, your mom's been hurt," what do you do? 
 Then again, you make sure that you see their identification, and you never ever get into a car with someone that you don't know. 
 What if you do know them and they do something bad to you anyway? 
 You talk to your teacher or someone you trust. 
 What if there's nobody? 
 You know something, then there's you... each one of you. You all got that little voice inside of you. 
 You gotta listen to that. 
 It's the same voice that makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. 
 What if they try to hurt you? 
 Then you say "No!" 
 Can we all say that really loudly? 
 No! 
 Right, and then you run to your mom or your dad. 
 What if your dad's the one that's hurting you? Then what? 
 Then you tell Dickie and he'll tell me. 
 Okay? 
 Supreme Court Civil Commitment Hearing Thursday, November 11 
 You're the court appointed psychiatrist who's done extensive work at the Avenal correctional facility in New Jersey, is that correct? 
 Yes. 
 Could you describe Avenal for us, please? 
 It's a maximum security prison for violent s*x offenders. 
 During Mr. Turbit's 12-year incarceration at Avenal, did he ever attack a fellow inmate sexually? 
 Not to my knowledge. 
 A guard, a psychiatrist? 
 No. 
 So because of this one crime, for which my client paid his debt to society... 
 And which to an extreme degree of likelihood he will repeat. 
 In your opinion! 
 In fact, Doctor, isn't this whole legislation nothing but a cheesy end-run around the cherished legal concept of double jeopardy? 
 Not in my opinion. 
 Oh, come on, Dr. Greenblatt. 
 He was sane enough when he was convicted and served his sentence. 
 Isn't it pretty damn convenient that he be declared insane now so you can put him away again? 
 I mean, that's just plain unconstitutional. 
 Ms. Kreutzer, we take your point. 
 Thank you, Judge. 
 In fact, I need time to review the proposed statute. 
 We'll reconvene tomorrow. 
 Until then, Mr. Turbit, you're a free man. 
 You did fine. 
 In Ryan's neighborhood alone there were nine s*x offenders. 
 You don't have children. 
 You don't understand. 
 You don't need children to understand double jeopardy. 
 Want guys like Turbit playing on your swing set? 
 Want to lock them all up? 
 Yeah, I do. 
 Where does it stop? 
 Get down! 
 Get your head down! 
 Freeze! 
 Get back! Oh God. 
 Help! 
 This eye-for-an-eye crap works in principle, not in practice. 
 Especially when you shoot the wrong eye. 
 In the eyes of Mr. Davies, we failed. 
 It doesn't justify his actions. 
 I agree, but I understand the impulse and all of us here do. 
 A loved one gets hurt... a child, a mother... we want to make it right. 
 What happened to the guy's stamp collection? 
 We'll sell it, give the money to the Crime Victim's Board. 
 Where the hell are we with this? 
 Back to square one. 
 Two eye-witnesses. 
 Hey, Jimmy G! 
 What's up? 
 Cola. 
 So, you know, you were so helpful before, man. 
 I mean, like, really helpful. 
 We just wanted to talk again. Relax, I'm going to ask you a few questions. 
 You know what? 
 Try this with me. 
 Breathe. 
 It's good, right? 
 Yeah... 
 It's kinda weird being in here, isn't it? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Whatever, it's cool. 
 It's cool. Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 So this is where Turbit was, huh? 
 Right here. 
 Guy was kind of a freak, wasn't he? 
 Yeah. 
 Kinda creeped me out. 
  Yeah, me too. 
 The way he rode his bike around, kinda creepy, wasn't it? 
 Always by the playing field. 
 Yeah. 
 Some days, he'd stop and stare, watching us. 
 Which side? 
 Huh? 
 Which side of the field did he ride his bike around? 
 Uh... you know, the north side. 
 The north side? You know, the Boy Scouts kicked me out... no sense of direction, stupid. 
 Is that the woods side or the river side? 
 Woods side. 
 By the field where they found Ryan. 
 Right. 
 You ever talk to Bill Turbit? 
 Nope. 
 All those times he rode by, you never said anything to him? 
 Not even "Why don't you go back to the planet you came from?" 
 Maybe this world is another planet's hell. 
 Aldous Huxley also said, "But I like the inconveniences." 
 When Turbit rode his bike by the playing field, where did he ride by? 
 He rode on the sidewalk. 
 By the woods or by the river? 
 By the river. 
 Their stories don't match. 
 Let's print them both and take some blood. 
 All right. And let's search the area by the river. 
 We're looking for a chain of some sort that will match the ligature marks around Ryan's neck. 
 Is it hard for you to go home to your kids after working on a case like this? 
 Not any harder than trying to make love after hearing a rape victim describe her attack in detail. 
 I've done this beat for eight months. 
 And at first I was fine with it, but... but sometimes, I just, um... 
 I just... 
 I can't... 
 I know. 
 Instead of seeing a woman, you see a uterus, a cervix. 
 Yeah. 
 It's the clinical phase. 
 It lasts awhile. 
 So what's the next phase? 
 You don't want to know. 
 Hey, what do ya got? 
 It's just another quarter. 
 Elliot! 
 We're also looking for Ryan's glasses. 
 Here's the partial print from the boy's glasses they found at the marsh. 
 Jimmy G's fingerprint. 
 It's a match. 
 I think Mike's the smarter of the two boys. 
 Detectives! 
 Like book smart? 
 We found something. 
 Mike's more than book smart. 
 He's the one with the conscience. 
 Are you sure? 
 DNA doesn't lie. 
 This is the chain used to kill Ryan Davies. 
 Turbit said that his first bike chain was stolen. 
 What about the tissue samples? 
 The sample taken from under Ryan's fingernails matched the sample of one of your suspects. 
 Which one? 
 You've known Mike D a long time. 
 Since we were kids. 
 He got a scholarship to a private school. 
 Came back to me though, didn't like being with all those "Richie Riches." 
 Just tell us what happened. 
 I don't know. 
 Well, if you don't tell us, you know Mike will. 
 My mom... whenever I'd do something bad, she'd say, "Boys will be boys!" 
 Well, you know, right now... it's every man for himself. 
 We don't think you're a bad guy, We think that you went along with Jimmy and somehow... things got out of hand. 
 But if you jerk us around, we'll bury you. 
 Ryan did not deserve to die the way that he did. 
 You tell us what happened. 
 I don't know where to start. 
 Where'd you get the idea? 
 Off the web. 
 We were surfing and fell into this s*x offender website. 
 That's where we found Mr. Turbit. 
 That's when we realized this freak lived in the neighborhood. 
 The site was specific. 
 Very specific about what Mr. Turbit had done. 
 So specific it was like directions that were easy to follow. 
 We got the idea in our heads and it was like... too good to forget, you know? 
 It just sorta took over our minds. 
 It was all Jimmy could talk about. 
 At first we just goofed around... took Mr. Turbit's bike, moved it... took his bike chain. 
 That chain, Jimmy always wondered what Turbit might do with that chain. 
 Turbit could do anything. 
 Tell me about the Friday when Ryan disappeared. 
 We were in my garage, smoking. 
 We see Ryan go by on his bike, back and forth. 
 We started making fun of him. 
 Like, who let the retard out on their own? 
 Who's bike was that? 
 How many candy bars did he have to sell to land that bike? 
 That bit about selling candy... that's what it was. 
 We just sorta looked at each other. 
 And I grabbed Turbit's bike chain. 
 We were just fooling when we took him out by the marshes. 
 And then his glasses fell off. 
 That's when he really freaked out. 
 I had to hold him down. 
 And it was... 
 What?! 
 It was what? 
 Look, I'm not gay or anything! 
 It was awful. 
 Until he started screaming. 
 And he wouldn't shut up. 
 We were worried someone would hear. 
 I asked him to be quiet, I begged him to be quiet! 
 Then Jimmy took the bike chain. 
 To shut the kid up! 
 I heard his neck snap. 
 He just lay there... still. 
 The kid was a loser anyway. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 