Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - A Princess on Lothal - Star Wars Rebels 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - A Princess on Lothal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=992&t=41954 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/21 09:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - A Princess on Lothal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 How's he taking it? 
 As you'd expect. 
 We both knew Ezra might not get the news he hoped he would about his parents. 
 Governor Azadi, we're grateful you stood by them for so long. 
 Not sure what good it did. 
 Things don't seem any better here on Lothal. 
 At the moment, maybe, but we hope to change that in the future. 
 Speaking of which, Senator Organa heard about our losses on Garel. 
 He's sending us reinforcements. 
 His agent is coming to Lothal with three cruisers. 
 Three cruisers? That is good news. 
 Maybe a mission like this is just what Ezra needs. 
 I hope you're right. 
 We'll be there as soon as we can to help. 
 Sir, three unidentified starships have just entered our sector. 
 Launch fighters to intercept. 
 Open a channel. 
 Attention. This is Lieutenant Lyste. 
 Lothal is now a restricted system by order of the Emperor. 
 Identify yourselves immediately. 
 Greetings, Lieutenant. 
 We come bearing relief supplies for the citizens of Lothal. 
 Our mission is sanctioned by the Imperial Senate. 
 I wasn't informed of your visit, nor do you have a landing permit. 
 Permit's coming through now, sir. They're from Alderaan. 
 Another meddling delegation from Alderaan. 
 I'll handle this personally. 
 Attention, senatorial convoy. 
 Your landing has been granted, and fighters will escort you to the Jalath City Depot for processing. 
 I'll see you there. 
 This is Princess Leia Organa. I look forward to it, Lieutenant. 
 End transmission. 
 Well, there's no turning back now. 
 Ezra, we're gonna miss our rendezvous. 
 Let's go. 
 If you're going into Jalath City, be careful. 
 The fleet may be gone, but Imperial Security is bound to recognize you. 
 Maybe dressed like this. 
 But who's gonna notice an extra stormtrooper and cadet? 
 Great. 
 They know our ship, too. Ryder, any chance we could... 
 Borrow my bike? Take it. 
 But I'm not getting involved any further. 
 Even after what the Empire did to you? 
 Come on, get back in the fight. 
 I won't go back to prison, Kanan. Please don't ask that of me. 
 Those are our reinforcements? Some old transports? 
 In our position, you take what you can get, kid. 
 Hey, excuse me, miss. Where's your commander? 
 Not much of a welcoming committee. 
 Trooper? 
 I'm Kanan. This is Ezra. We're from Phoenix Squadron. 
 I know who you are. 
 And unless you want the deck officer to know, too, I suggest you put your helmets back on and keep your mouths shut. 
 Excuse me? 
 You heard her. Shut it. 
 Deck Officer, I'd like to start distributing my relief aid. 
 Stand by. 
 My orders are to inspect the cargo for contraband, and detain these vessels until the lieutenant arrives. 
 Scanning crew, move out. 
 Well, this plan's off to a good start. 
 As a matter of fact, it's going perfectly. 
 Where's the rest of your team? They'll be here, eventually. 
 Good. Then you can steal my ships. 
 What? What? 
 I'll explain later. First I have to deal with the lieutenant. 
 Follow my lead and try and keep up. Wait. 
 Why does she get to give orders? 
 I don't get to give orders. 
 Do you ever listen to yourself? 
 Yes, and I happen to be very interesting. 
 You must be Leia Organa, Princess of the Royal House of Alderaan. 
 And aide to my father, Senator Bail Organa. 
 I come with relief supplies for Lothal's needy, who are suffering terribly as a result of the rebel insurgency here. 
 Surely you don't want innocents to starve. 
 No, of course not. 
 Lothal has indeed suffered, as has Alderaan. 
 From what I hear, your ships have an unfortunate habit of falling into rebel hands. 
 I assure you, that won't happen on my watch. 
 What's that? 
 Gravity locks? This is hardly necessary. 
 I insist. 
 Plus a trooper detachment, and for extra security... 
 Walkers will guard your ships from the rebel insurgency. 
 All for your safety, miss. 
 It's "Your Highness." 
 As my ships are detained, I will require your shuttle to begin my work. 
 My shuttle? 
 Certainly I could arrange for other transportation. 
 No. Your shuttle. 
 I need to leave immediately. 
 You two, bring those supplies and escort me to the trauma area at once. 
 Yes, ma'am. Right away. 
 I hate to say it, but whoever came up with this plan severely underestimated the Empire's security. 
 I'm sorry. Don't be. 
 It's not your fault. 
 Yes, it is. This was my plan. 
 We need those ships. 
 Why didn't you just hand them off to us in deep space? 
 You don't understand. It's not that simple. 
 If the Empire could prove Alderaan provided ships to the rebels, we'd lose our seat in the Senate and be charged with treason. 
 But if they're stolen on a planet controlled by the Empire... 
 Alderaan would be blameless. 
 Have to admit, that was a good plan. 
 Well, now we need a new one. 
 Yeah, what is it, Chopper? 
 Stormtroopers? 
 Friends of yours? 
 Not for much longer, by the look of things. 
 What are we going to do? 
 This time, you follow my lead. 
 This is a secure site. State your business. 
 I'm taking the princes-ambassador here on a scouting mission for possible refugee relocation. 
 This is not a safe area for you. 
 There's a high level of rebel activity happening at the moment. 
 Well, we're finishing our survey. 
 We could take these prisoners back to Jalath for you. 
 That won't be necessary. 
 We have orders to terminate one of them immediately. 
 Hold on, trooper. 
 As a representative of the Senate, I demand to know what this man has done. 
 He's a fugitive from an Imperial prison. 
 Now, depart immediately for your own safety. 
 Where you find one rebel, there are usually more. 
 Chopper's receiving a signal. 
 You know what that means. 
 Hera's here. 
 More friends of yours? Yeah, I'm a likable guy. 
 You're coming with me! 
 No, you can't come on board! 
 You have to go get The Phantom. Get moving! 
 Your friends might shoot you wearing that armor. 
 That's not a bad idea, Governor. 
 Take the princess hostage. What? 
 If I'm seen escaping with you, I'll be labeled a traitor. 
 You have to take me prisoner. 
 Well, you better make it look good. I'll warn Sabine. 
 We got two incoming. 
 What about Ezra and Kanan? They're the troopers on the left. 
 Help! Help! Commander! 
 Hold your fire! She's my responsibility! 
 I'll get her back! 
 Kanan's coming. He said to make it look good. 
 No, Zeb, wait! Easy! That's Kanan! 
 I know. 
 They're taking prisoners? They do that now? 
 Kanan. Wake up! 
 Kanan! How's your face? 
 Why did you hit me? 
 What? You had a helmet on. 
 Did you have to hit us so hard? 
 Hey, you wanted it to look good. 
 Where's the princess? 
 In the cockpit with Hera. 
 We've completed our search of the transports and found no contraband. 
 Very well, Corporal. 
 Yes? 
 Sir, my squad was ambushed by rebels. 
 They escaped with the fugitive Ryder Azadi. 
 What? - They also abducted a cadet. 
 And some princess-ambassador. 
 She's under our protection. 
 Deploy search patrols, now! 
 I owe you my life. You have my gratitude. 
 It's the least we could do after leading the Empire right to you. 
 We heard what happened. Sorry, kid. 
 Hey, at least now you know. 
 Yeah. I guess I just need some time. 
 Is he all right? He's okay. 
 He just lost some people close to him. 
 It's a challenge being his age with so much responsibility. 
 I know that feeling. 
 Maybe he could use a friend. 
 I know who you are. 
 You're Ezra Bridger. I heard your transmission. 
 Yeah? My parents heard it, too. 
 But they're gone now. 
 I'm sorry. 
 It's just there's so much against us. 
 Do you ever wonder... 
 If this fight is even worth it? 
 
 
 
 Every day. 
 But I'm still here. 
 But you're a princess. 
 You don't have to risk your life doing this. 
 I feel like because I can fight, I have to for those who cannot. 
 And I think you might be the same way. 
 Let's figure out a way to get your ships. 
 We did a scan of the landing field, and looking at the Imperial security, I just don't see us living long enough to get near those ships. 
 Two walkers are a big problem. 
 Even if we reach the ships, they're not going anywhere until we can disable those gravity locks. 
 Those defenses are formidable. 
 Why? 
 Because the Empire doesn't underestimate you. 
 They know how good you are. 
 We might be able to get one out, but we'll never get all three. 
 It's impossible. 
 I know you need those ships, so don't tell me why we can't get them. 
 Tell me how we will. 
 Well, Kanan and I still have our disguises, so we can get onto the platform. 
 But to get close to the ships, we'll need a distraction. 
 I can handle that. The Ghost can act as air support. 
 And I can use detonators to blast off the gravity locks. 
 Won't work. 
 You can't forcibly remove the locks. 
 You know this how? 
 In prison I put those locks together, so I know how to take 'em apart. 
 Ryder Azadi, does that mean you're getting involved? 
 Just this once. 
 It's clear I can't stay on Lothal, so I'll help you, if you get me outta here. 
 Over there. 
 This is the rebel ship we've been looking for. 
 Set weapons for stun. 
 I'd think you'd be pleased to see me safe and sound, Lieutenant. 
 Of course, Your Highness. Very pleased. 
 Just surprised. 
 We need to cut open that access panel, and bypass the primary power flux coupling. 
 Hurry. 
 This brave trooper saved us both from those rebels. 
 He deserves a medal. 
 We did it! 
 Sabine, you take this one. We'll move on to the next ship. 
 I'll call in the air support. 
 As you can see, your ships are safe and sound right where you left them. 
 If you're trying to impress me, Lieutenant, you're doing a miserable job of it. 
 What do you mean? You don't know? 
 I didn't authorize this! Who's piloting that ship? 
 Sir! Rebels! Blast them! 
 Sabine's away. Let's get outta here. 
 I'm not sure we're going anywhere. 
 Secure the third ship. I'll handle the walker. 
 Handle the walker? How? 
 Just trust us. Go! 
 Unlock that ship! 
 He's a Jedi! 
 Look! What's that? 
 I don't think he's on our side. 
 Did you see that? 
 If you like that, watch this. 
 Drop your weapons. 
 Get down! 
 That is impressive. 
 Well, mostly. 
 She's all yours, Kanan. 
 Two down, one to go. 
 I'll handle this. 
 Thank goodness you've arrived. 
 The rebels are stealing my ships. 
 AT-AT 36, you have new orders, shoot to kill. 
 Repeat, shoot to kill. No, you can't! 
 I'm sorry, Your Highness. 
 We can't let your ships fall into rebel hands. 
 Destroy that ship now! 
 Did I get it this time? 
 Finish up here. I have to help them. 
 Time for me to go. 
 Wait. What are you doing? Stop that rebel! 
 He's stealing my transport! 
 Make it look good. 
 We gotta make this look good. 
 You have my permission. 
 See you later, Princess. 
 The princess! 
 My ships. You lost my ships. 
 I'm afraid so. 
 You should be afraid! 
 Just wait until I tell the Senate that the Imperial presence on Lothal is helpless against the rebels. 
 No, no, no. That won't be necessary. 
 I assure you, Alderaan will be fully compensated for your lost ships. 
 Fine. 
 And I'll need your shuttle so I can return home. 
 My shuttle. Right. 
 Where is it? 
 Lieutenant, did you lose your ship, too? 
 I'll summon you another right away. 
 So, Governor, we need to find a safe place for you. 
 I already know where I'm going, back home. 
 I knew you'd come around. 
 I couldn't see it before, but going to prison with the Bridgers started something. 
 That something has grown bigger than I ever imagined. 
 I owe it to them and I owe it to you to see it through to the end. 
 Welcome back to the fight, Governor. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 