Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - The Siege of Lothal - Star Wars Rebels 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - The Siege of Lothal https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=992&t=41946 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/30/21 09:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - The Siege of Lothal 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Making for the freighter. Keep the TIEs off our back. 
 Split formation, Phoenix-2. I'll cut across their axis. 
 Good shot, Phoenix-1! Save some for the rest of us. 
 Phoenix-1 to Ghost, we've cleared a path for you. 
 Kinda nice having Phoenix Squadron watching our backs. 
 We always did all right on our own. 
 True, but I prefer life with our new fleet to flying solo. 
 You were solo? 
 I wouldn't mind getting my feet back on solid ground for a while. 
 Come on, Zeb. Where's your sense of adventure? 
 Phantom, I'm moving into position. 
 Copy, Spectre-2. I'm on my mark. 
 Firing now! 
 Cargo is liberated. 
 Spectre-2, you're clear for pickup. 
 Imperial reinforcements have arrived! 
 Karabast! 
 Got real crowded all of a sudden. 
 I need a little help. They're all over me! 
 Got you covered, Phoenix-1. 
 We're losing our deflector shields! 
 Ghost, we must withdraw. 
 Acknowledged, Commander Sato, but first we're getting what we came for. 
 Zeb, get ready to pull those containers aboard. 
 Almost in range. 
 Anytime, Zeb. 
 Come on. Come on. 
 Ah, yes. 
 Gotcha! 
 Ghost to Phoenix Squadron, mission accomplished. 
 Spectre-5, bring it in. 
 I'm in the pocket. Five by one. 
 She's home. 
 Agent Kallus, I've exhausted every resource to find information about the rebels, but there is nothing to be found! 
 What more does Governor Tarkin expect? 
 He expects Lothal to be punished, Minister Tua. 
 His own Star Destroyer was demolished by these rebels. 
 He takes that somewhat personally. 
 Well, I've doubled patrols, set up checkpoints, established curfews. 
 I honestly don't know what else to do. 
 Perhaps that is the problem. 
 You lack imagination, Minister, when it comes to producing results. 
 Lord Vader, with all due respect, you and Governor Tarkin are asking for miracles. 
 If the rebels have left Lothal, then... 
 If the rebels have left, then we must draw them back. 
 And if they are here, we must draw them out. 
 We will squeeze Lothal until someone reveals the whereabouts of these traitors. 
 I'm sorry, my lord. I am merely a public official. 
 I have no experience with such brutal tactics. 
 You can explain that to Governor Tarkin when you visit him. 
 Visit him? 
 He expects you tomorrow, to account for your failure. 
 But I'm needed here. 
 I... I couldn't possibly get away! 
 Not to worry, Minister. 
 Lord Vader and I will manage in your absence. 
 You and your crew have proven invaluable to our fleet, Captain Syndulla. 
 The fuel acquired in your convoy attacks has helped keep us one step ahead of Imperial patrols. 
 Thank you, Commander Sato. 
 I'm just sorry our intel about shield generators being on that shipment was wrong. 
 Perhaps with your next attack, Hera. 
 What is the meaning of this? 
 An incoming transmission. Who from, Chop? 
 Why don't you just play it? 
 Chop, cloak us with a one-way transmission. 
 Hey, it's Old Jho! 
 I can't see you, but I can hear you, my friends. 
 Time is short, and there's someone here desperate to speak with you. 
 I told her I couldn't find you, but she wouldn't take no for an answer. 
 She says she needs your help. 
 We're always ready to help someone in need. 
 Yeah, well, this one's different. 
 Minister Tua? 
 We can't trust her. She's an Imperial. 
 Please, I beg you. Listen to my request. 
 End transmission now, Chop. 
 Wait! Minister, what do you want? 
 My life is in danger. 
 I need you to give me safe passage off Lothal. 
 You're not really considering this? Quiet! 
 I assure you, my intentions are sincere. 
 To prove it, I will trade secret Imperial information. 
 You're defecting from the Empire? 
 Yes, I am. 
 She's telling the truth. 
 I can sense her fear. 
 Yeah, but of what? 
 So what have you got to trade? - A list... 
 Of rebel sympathizers on Lothal... 
 And other nearby systems. 
 How come these sympathizers have not been arrested? 
 Some have powerful friends in the Senate. 
 Imperial command watches them, but can do nothing. 
 I know you need allies. 
 Get me off Lothal, and I will give you the list. 
 We shouldn't even consider this. 
 It's obviously a trap. 
 There's something else. 
 I've discovered the true reason the Empire came to Lothal. 
 We know that one. 
 The Empire has a factory, and they're stripping the planet's resources to fuel it. 
 No. There is another reason known only to a few and ordered by the Emperor himself. 
 We have to do this. 
 I agree. So do I. 
 All right, if Commander Sato approves the mission. 
 I believe it could be worth the risk. 
 Minister, we'll get you out. 
 Send us your coordinates. 
 Thank you. 
 Well, I guess we're on our way back to Lothal. 
 I guess we are. 
 Hey! What's with you? 
 Do you have any idea how inappropriate that was? 
 Actually, no, I don't. 
 You can't just tell Chopper to project a hologram in a secret debriefing without authorization. 
 Authorization! Procedure! 
 That's what's bothering me. 
 All right, talk to me. 
 After this mission, I want us to go back on our own. 
 Fighting alongside soldiers isn't what I signed up for. 
 You seem to be forgetting these soldiers helped save your life. 
 And I'm grateful. But that doesn't mean I want to join their little army. 
 When you and I started together, it was, "Rob from the Empire, give to the needy." 
 A noble cause. 
 Now we're getting drawn into some kind of military thing. 
 I don't like it. 
 We are fighting a bigger fight, but it's still the right fight. 
 I survived one war. 
 I'm not ready for another one. 
 I saw what it did. To the Jedi? 
 To everyone. 
 So, we're not taking the Ghost, and we're letting Chopper drive? 
 After our stunt on Mustafar, there's a good chance the Empire will be able to track it. 
 Great mission so far. 
 So what's the plan? 
 Okay, so Minister Tua is scheduled to visit Governor Tarkin tomorrow. 
 She leaves Lothal via shuttle at 1800. 
 We wait at the hangar, steal the shuttle and take her to safety. 
 Ezra, I hope you're sure about this. 
 After all the trouble she's made for us, why should we help her? 
 Because that's what we do. 
 Help those who can't help themselves. 
 Plus, her list will help us out. 
 Shuttle 593, this is Lothal Control. You are cleared to land. 
 I didn't think I'd miss it, but I... 
 What is it? 
 Do you feel that? 
 I... I feel so cold. 
 I've never seen so many Star Destroyers here. 
 It's gotten worse. 
 All right, Zeb, Chopper, stay with the shuttle in case we need a quick exit. 
 Tua's leaving from Bay 23. Let's go. 
 We'll need a distraction. 
 Well, I'm gonna go make a few friends. 
 When Tua arrives, I'll keep 'em busy while you all drop into the hangar from above. 
 Make a few friends? It'll be fun. 
 Fun? Don't worry, General Hera. 
 Just be ready to move. 
 Hey, didn't we meet in basic training? 
 You look familiar. 
 Kanan's gone bucket head. 
 I don't believe it. 
 
 
 
 I'm kinda jealous. I only have the helmet. 
 Here she comes. 
 But she's got company. 
 What kind of company? 
 Fantastic. Agent Kallus. 
 Thank you, Agent Kallus, but there... 
 There was no need for an escort. 
 Lord Vader asked me to make sure you reached your shuttle safely. 
 I see. 
 We can't be too careful about security these days. 
 Yes, I suppose so. 
 Hey! 
 Minister, take cover! 
 Surprise. 
 Rebels! 
 Minister, get to the shuttle! 
 We'll be right behind you. Right. 
 Minister Tua. 
 You did this! 
 Zeb, we need a pickup. Now! 
 Copy. We're on our way. 
 Come on! 
 Come on. Come on! Up, everybody! 
 We're moving! 
 Everything has happened as you predicted, Lord Vader. 
 Now inform the populace the rebel assassins hide in their midst. 
 Lock down the spaceport and make it known any ship attempting to leave will be destroyed. 
 Right away. 
 A beloved citizen of Lothal, Minister Tua's life was cut short by this criminal band of rebels. 
 If you see them, summon Imperial authorities immediately. 
 Trooper corps have been mobilized in an extensive... 
 They did this to turn Lothal against us. 
 We can't do any more here. 
 We have to leave, for good. 
 We can't just run. 
 The people have to know the truth. 
 I don't think the Empire is giving us much choice. 
 What the... 
 Open up in there! 
 We're in trouble! 
 They resealed the door. 
 Blast it open. 
 Hold your fire. Hold your fire! 
 If they know about this hideout, they'll know about our others. 
 There's no more hiding. We need a ship. 
 Maybe we can try one of the local Imperial airfields. 
 They're locked down. 
 Besides, we'll never get outside the capital. 
 The Empire's looking everywhere for us. 
 Not everywhere. 
 The Imperial Complex? Are you crazy? 
 Does anyone ever say yes to that question? 
 He's right. 
 Deploying troops to block every city exit has spread the garrison thin. 
 It sounds crazy, but the area with the least troops will be... 
 Here, near the factories. 
 There are landing platforms outside these hangars. 
 They're our best chance if we're gonna find a shuttle. 
 I'm already dressed for the part. 
 I guess there is no going home. 
 What's this? 
 Power cells in need of recharging for the rebel pursuit. 
 Hold it right there, Cadet. We have to check inside. 
 I got this. 
 No, you don't have to check inside. 
 Did you just try to give me an order, Cadet? 
 No. He just said, "You don't have to check inside." 
 I don't have to check inside. 
 Well, then, as you wish, Trooper. 
 Cadet, let's move. Hurry it up! 
 I wish that worked for me. 
 I wish it worked on you. 
 Zeb, will you be quiet? 
 What? I need to breathe. 
 Have you smelled me? 
 Don't think it matters if you're noisy. 
 There's nobody around. This was a good plan. 
 Of course it was a good plan. We came up with it. 
 This way. 
 Somebody get Chopper. 
 You think we'll find them this time? We better. 
 Found me. 
 There's a shuttle. 
 What'd I tell ya? 
 You did good. 
 Hera, over here. 
 Shield generators. 
 Military grade. 
 Zeb, Ezra, grab all we can carry. 
 These might help turn this day around. 
 The fleet could sure use them. 
 Do you feel that? 
 The cold. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 