Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Phantom Traveler - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Phantom Traveler https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6564 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/06/05 06:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Phantom Traveler 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.04 Phantom Traveler 
 Air Date: 04 Oct 2005 
 THEN 
 Dean (V.O): Previously on  Supernatural[i]... 
 The Winchesters' suburban home. 
 W HAT  H APPENED 
 &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;T HAT  N IGHT 
 Mary runs up the stairs and into Sam's nursery. 
 John gives baby Sam to Dean. 
 John: Take your brother outside as fast as you can! Now, Dean, go! 
 Dean runs downstairs with Sam. John looks back. 
 W HAT  T HEY 
 &#160;&#160;W ITNESSED 
 Mary burns on the ceiling. 
 John: Mary! No! 
 John watches the nursery burn, Mary with it. 
 S ENT  T WO 
 &#160;&#160;&#160;B ROTHERS 
 On Sylvania Bridge, Dean and Sam turn to face the onlookers. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: Dad's on a hunting trip. 
 Outside Constance's house, Dean fires through the Impala's window at Constance. 
 In Sam's bedroom, Sam pulls out his curved knife. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: And he hasn't been home in a few days. 
 O N  A Q UEST 
 &#160;&#160;F OR  A NSWERS 
 22 Y EARS  L ATER 
 In the stairwell from Sam's apartment, Sam speaks to Dean. 
 Sam: I swore I was done hunting. 
 In the Impala, Constance tries to rip Sam's heart out. 
 Dean: I can't do this alone. 
 Blood drips on Sam's forehead and he flinches, opens his eyes, and gasps in horror. Jess is pinned to the ceiling, bleeding. 
 Sam: No! 
 Sam finishes loading a shotgun and tosses it in the Impala's trunk. 
 Sam: We've got work to do. 
 In the Jericho county Sheriff's office, the Sheriff throws down John's journal. 
 This is Dad's single- 
 Dean: -most valuable possession-everything he knows about every evil thing is in here. I think he wants us to- 
 -pick up where he left off. 
 Hunting things. 
 Dean: The family business. 
 Sam: No. I gotta find Jessica's killer. 
 It's the only thing I can think about. 
 Dean: Sam, you know we're gonna find Dad, right? 
 Sam nods. 
 Sam: Yeah. I know. 
 NOW 
 A still frame of a tropical beach scene. Hawaiian-style music plays. 
 [i]INT. AIRPORT - DAY A plane taking off is heard. A very NERVOUS Man in a suit, George PHELPS, sits up. PHELPS checks his ticket and enters the bathroom. INTERCOM Thank you for flying United Britannia Airlines. INT. AIRPORT BATHROOM - DAY PHELPS is leaning over the sink, splashing water on his face. A SECOND Man comes out of the stall area and dries his hands. SECOND Man Nervous flyer? PHELPS It's that obvious, huh? SECOND Man You know, what are the odds of dying in a plane crash? I mean, what? Twenty thousand to one? PHELPS watches him go. PHELPS Wow. That's, uh, really reassuring. Thank you. Above his head, a cloud of black particles exits a vent, swirls around his head, and enters his eyes. INT. PLANE - DAY Pilot Thanks. The Pilot, Chuck, turns and addresses a FLIGHT ATTENDANT, Amanda. Chuck: Amanda, how are you today? Amanda: I'm doing just fine, Chuck. Amanda addresses a PASSENGER. Amanda: Welcome aboard. 15C towards the back of the plane, on the right. PASSENGER Thank you. Amanda addresses PHELPS. Amanda: Have a nice flight, sir. PHELPS turns, and we and Amanda see that his eyes are completely black, even the whites. PHELPS Oh, I'm counting on it. Amanda blinks several times, watching PHELPS, and shakes her head. Amanda: Um...uh, 11F, that's the middle of the plane, on... PASSENGER 2 Thank you. Amanda: ...the left. INT. PLANE - DAY COPILOT In just a few minutes our flight crew will begin room service in the cabin... PHELPS turns to his seatmate. PHELPS Excuse me. Do you know how long we've been up? Woman: Oh, uh... The Woman checks her watch. Woman: About forty minutes. PHELPS Wow. Time really does fly, huh? Excuse me. I've got to stretch my legs. PHELPS gets up, squeezes past the Woman, and heads to the back of the plane. When he reaches the rear exit, he grasps the release handle. A Young Man in an aisle seat, Max JaffeY, notices him. Max: Hey, what the hell are you doing?! PHELPS turns to look at Max, eyes black again, then rips the door open. He goes flying out the window, the door flies off tearing half a wing off the plane, and the plane goes down. Amanda struggles to get to a seat and, after the oxygen masks deploy, to get one over her face. Max, Chuck, and the COPILOT already have them on. ACT ONE INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY Dean is asleep on his stomach. Starring JARED PADALECKI JENSEN ACKLES As the door opens, Dean awakens and slips a hand under his pillow for a weapon. Guest Starring JAIME RAY NEWMAN As he turns to look, he sees Sam entering, carrying coffee and pastries. Sam: Morning, sunshine. Dean: What time is it? Sam: Uh, it's about five forty-five. Dean: In the morning? Sam: Yep. Dean: Where does the day go? Dean sits up. BRIAN MARKINSON Dean: Did you get any sleep last night? Sam: Yeah, I grabbed a couple hours. Dean: Liar. 'Cause I was up at three, and you were watching a George Foreman infomercial. Sam: Hey, what can I say? It's riveting TV. Dean: When was the last time you got a good night's sleep? Sam: I don't know, a little while, I guess. It's not a big deal. Dean: Yeah, it is. Sam: Look, I appreciate your concern- Producer PETER JohnSON Dean: Oh, I'm not concerned about you. It's your job to keep my ass alive, so I need you sharp. Sam shrugs. Dean: Seriously, are you still having nightmares about Jess? Supervising Producer PHIL SGRICCIA Sam crosses the room, sits on the other bed, and hands a coffee to Dean. Co-Executive Producer RICHARD HATEM Sam: Yeah. But it's not just her. It's everything. I just forgot, you know? This job. Man, it gets to you. Dean: You can't let it. You can't bring it home like that. Co-Executive Producer John SHIBAN Sam: So, what? All this it...never keeps you up at night? Dean shakes his head. Sam: Never? You're never afraid? Dean: No, not really. Sam reaches under Dean's pillow to pull out a large hunting knife and holds it up as evidence. Executive Producer McG Dean takes the knife back. Dean: That's not fear. That is precaution. Produced by CYRUS YAVNEH Sam: All right, whatever. I'm too tired to argue. Dean's phone rings. Created by ERIC KRIPKE He answers it. Written by RICHARD HATEM Dean: Hello? INT. OFFICE - DAY[i], alternating with [i]INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY JERRY Dean, it's, uh, it's Jerry Panowski. You and your dad helped me out a couple years back. Directed by Robert SINGER Dean: Oh, right, yeah. Up in Kittanning, Pennsylvania, the poltergeist thing. It's not back, is it? JERRY No. No. Thank god, no. But it's something else, and...uh, I think it could be a lot worse. Dean: What is it? JERRY Can we talk in person? Dean eyes Sam. Sam eyes back. EXT. FIELD - DAY The Impala drives along a road. INT. HANGAR - DAY JERRY Thanks for making the trip so quick. I ought to be doing you guys a favor, not the other way around. Dean and your dad really helped me out. Sam: Yeah, he told me. It was a poltergeist? Man:  Poltergeist[i]? Man, I loved that movie. JERRY Hey, nobody's talking to you. Keep walking. Damn right it was a poltergeist, practically tore our house apart. Tell you something, if it wasn't for you and your dad, I probably wouldn't be alive. Your dad said you were off at college. Is that right? Sam: Yeah, I was. I'm-taking some time off. JERRY Well, he was real proud of you. I could tell. He talked about you all the time. Sam: He did? JERRY Yeah, you bet he did. Oh, hey, you know I tried to get a hold of him, but I couldn't. How's he doing, anyway? Dean: He's, um, wrapped up in a job right now. JERRY Well, we're missing the old man, but we get Sam. Even trade, huh? Dean laughs. Sam: No, not by a long shot. JERRY I got something I want you guys to hear. [i]INT. OFFICE - DAY JERRY I listened to this. And, well, it sounded like it was up your alley. JERRY puts a CD in a drive. JERRY Normally I wouldn't have access to this. It's the cockpit voice recorder for United Britannia flight 2485. It was one of ours. RECORDING Mayday! Mayday! Repeat! 2485-immediate instruction...may be experiencing some mechanical failure... There is a loud whooshing sound. JERRY Took off from here, crashed about two hundred miles south. Now, they're saying mechanical failure. Cabin depressurized somehow. Nobody knows why. Over a hundred people on board. Only seven got out alive. Pilot was one. His name is Chuck Lambert. He's a good friend of mine. Chuck is, uh...well, he's pretty broken up about it. Like it was his fault. Sam: You don't think it was? JERRY No, I don't. Sam: Jerry, we're gonna need passenger manifests, um, a list of survivors. JERRY All right. Dean: And, uh, any way we can take a look at the wreckage? JERRY The other stuff is no problem. But the wreckage...fellas, the NTSB has it locked down in an evidence warehouse. No way I've got that kind of clearance. Dean frowns. Dean: No problem. EXT. STREET - DAY Sam is waiting by the car outside a Copy Jack. As Dean exits, an attractive woman enters. Woman: Hey Dean: Hi. Sam: You've been in there forever. Dean holds up two IDs. Dean: You can't rush perfection. Sam: Homeland Security? Sam takes one of the IDs. Sam: That's pretty illegal, even for us. Dean: Yeah, well, it's something new. You know? People haven't seen it a thousand times. They get in the car. Dean: All right, so, what do you got? Sam: Well, there's definitely EVP on the cockpit voice recorder. Dean: Yeah? Sam: Listen. He plays the tape, which has been edited to pull out a scratchy voice. Voice No survivors! Dean: "No survivors"? What's that supposed to mean? There were seven survivors. Sam: Got me. Dean: So, what are you thinking? A haunted flight? Sam: There's a long history of spirits and death omens on planes and ships, like phantom travelers. Dean: Mm-hmm. Sam: Or remember flight 401? Dean: Right. The one that crashed, the airline salvaged some of its parts, put it in other planes, then the spirit of the pilot and copilot haunted those flights. Sam: Right. Dean: Yep. Sam: Maybe we got a similar deal. Dean: All right, so, survivors, which one do you want to talk to first? Sam: Third on the list: Max Jaffey. Dean: Why him? Sam: Well, for one, he's from around here. And two, if anyone saw anything weird, he did. Dean: What makes you say that? Sam: Well, I spoke to his mother. EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY The Impala is parked in front of the gate to a building with a sign out front reading RIVERFRONT PSYCHIATRIC HOSPITAL. Sam (V.O): And she told me where to find him. EXT. GARDEN AT HOSPITAL - DAY Max is walking with a cane between Sam and Dean. Max: I don't understand. I already spoke with Homeland Security. Dean: Right. Some new information has come up. So if you could just answer a couple questions... Sam: Just before the plane went down, did you notice anything...unusual? Max: Like what? Dean: Strange lights, weird noises, maybe. Voices. Max: No, nothing. Dean: Mr. Joffey- Max: Jaffey. Dean: Jaffey. You checked yourself in here, right? Max nods. Dean: Can I ask why? Max: I was a little stressed. I survived a plane crash. Dean: Uh huh. And that's what terrified you? That's what you were afraid of? Max: I...I don't want to talk about this anymore. Dean: See, I think maybe you did see something up there. We need to know what. Max: No. No, I was...delusional. Seeing things. Dean: He was seeing things. Sam: It's okay. Then just tell us what you  thought[i]you saw, please. Max: There was...this-man. And, uh, he had these...eyes-these, uh...black eyes. And I saw him-or I [i]thought[i]I saw him... Dean: What? Max: He opened the emergency exit. But that's...that's impossible, right? I mean, I looked it up. There's something like two tons of pressure on that door. Dean: Yeah. Sam: This man, uh, did he seem to appear and disappear rapidly? It would look something like a mirage? Max: What are you, nuts? Sam tilts his head. Max: He was a passenger. He was sitting right in front of me. [i]EXT. STREET - DAY The Impala pulls up in front of a house. Sam: So here we are. George Phelps, seat 20C. Dean: Hmm. Man, I don't care how strong you are. Dean and Sam get out of the car. Dean: Even yoked up on PCP or something, no way you can open up an emergency door during a flight. Sam: Not if you're human. But maybe this guy George was something else. Some kind of creature, maybe, in human form. Dean: Does that look like a creature's lair to you? Sam turns to look at the perfectly ordinary house. INT. PHELPS HOUSE - DAY Dean and Sam sit across from Mrs. PHELPS. Sam is looking at a framed photograph. Sam: This is your late husband? Mrs. PHELPS Yes, that was my George. Dean: And you said he was a...dentist? Mrs. PHELPS Mm-hm. He was headed to a convention in Denver. Do you know that he was petrified to fly? For him to go like that... Sam: How long were you married? Mrs. PHELPS Thirteen years. Sam: In all that time, did you ever notice anything...strange about him, anything out of the ordinary? Mrs. PHELPS Well...uh, he had acid reflux, if that's what you mean. Dean and Sam looks at each other. EXT. PHELPS HOUSE - DAY Sam and Dean come down the stairs out front. Sam: I mean it goes without saying. It just doesn't make any sense. Dean: A middle-aged dentist with an ulcer is not exactly evil personified. You know what we need to do is get inside that NTSB warehouse, check out the wreckage. Sam: Okay. But if we're gonna go that route, we'd better look the part. EXT. SUIT RENTAL SHOP - DAY Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" begins to play. Dean and Sam exit a store, "MORT's for style", wearing crisp black suits with white shirts. Sam adjusts his collar. Dean: Man, I look like one of the Blues Brothers. Sam: No, you don't. You look more like a...seventh-grader at his first dance. Music: Finished with my woman 'Cause she couldn't help me with my mind Dean looks down at himself. Dean: I hate this thing. Music: People think I'm insane Sam: Hey. You want into that warehouse or not? Music: Because I am frowning all the time Dean starts the Impala, Sam already sitting shotgun. INT. STORAGE WAREHOUSE - DAY They enter the warehouse and show their badges to the SECURITY Guard, who nods and lets them in. They walk among plane wreckage; Dean pulls out a device and puts earbuds in his ears. Sam: What is that? Dean: It's an EMF meter. Reads electromagnetic frequencies. Sam: Yeah, I know what an EMF meter is, but why does that one look like a busted-up walkman? Dean: 'Cause that's what I made it out of. It's homemade. Dean grins. Sam: Yeah, I can see that. Dean's grin disappears. Dean runs the EMF meter over a piece of the wreckage with yellow dust on it and gets an audible spike. Dean: Check out the emergency door handle. Dean scratches at the yellow dust and gets some on his hand. Dean: What is this stuff? Sam: One way to find out. Sam scrapes some of the yellow dust off into a bag. INT. SECURITY DESK OF STORAGE WAREHOUSE - DAY Two AGENTS in black suits approach the security desk and show their badges. SECURITY Guard Homeland Security? What, one team of you guys isn't enough? Agent: What are you talking about? SECURITY Guard Two of your buddies went inside not five minutes ago. The second Agent looks at the first. INT. STORAGE WAREHOUSE - DAY The AGENTS and several SECURITY GUARDS bust in, guns drawn, and search. Sam and Dean hear them coming. The AGENTS and GUARDS see nothing. EXT. STORAGE WAREHOUSE - DAY Sam and Dean peer around a corner and walk out casually. An alarm blares, and they run to the gated exit. Pulling off his suit jacket, Dean throws it over the barbed wire at the top of the fence, and they climb over. He grabs the jacket. Dean: Well, these monkey suits do come in handy. Dean runs off. Sam follows. INT. AIRPORT - DAY Chuck is sitting nervously in a chair. His COPILOT is giving him a pep talk. COPILOT Listen, Chuck. It's like getting back on a horse. Only in this case, a little twin engine. Not even a horse, more like a pony. I'll be right there with you too. Anytime you feel like you don't want the wheel, I'll take over. Look, Chuck, we don't have to do this today. I'm not trying to rush you. Chuck: No, the...the waiting is worse. The COPILOT glances over his shoulder. COPILOT Okay, they're filling up the tank. Then we go. The COPILOT gets up and leaves. Chuck takes a drink of coffee. Behind him, a cloud of black particles exits a vent and rushes into Chuck's eyes. INT. JERRY's OFFICE - DAY JERRY looks at the yellow stuff through a microscope; what the microscope sees is replicated on a screen. JERRY Huh. This stuff is covered in sulfur. Sam: You're sure? JERRY Take a look for yourself. Banging sounds from outside the office. Man: You effin' piece of crap... JERRY If you fellows will excuse me, I have an idiot to fire. As JERRY leaves, Dean goes over and looks into the microscope. JERRY Hey. Einstein. Yeah, you. What the heck you doing? Put the wrench down- Dean: Hmm. You know, there's not too many things that leave behind a sulfuric residue. Sam: Demonic possession? Dean: It would explain how a mortal man would have the strength to open up an emergency hatch. Sam: If the guy was possessed, it's possible. Dean: This goes way beyond floating over a bed or barfing pea soup. I mean it's one thing to possess a person, but to use them to take down an entire airplane? Sam: You ever heard of something like this before? Dean: Never. EXT. AIRPORT TARMAC - DAY The COPILOT is waiting by a small plane; Chuck, looking cheerful and relaxed, approaches. Chuck: I'm ready. Let's do this. The COPILOT, confused, laughs and follows Chuck to the plane. INT. PLANE IN FLIGHT - DAY COPILOT How you feeling? Chuck: I feel great. COPILOT You'll be back flying jumbos before you know it. Chuck: I hope so. How long we been up? COPILOT Uh...almost forty minutes. Chuck: Wow. Time really does fly. Chuck suddenly dives the plane towards the ground. COPILOT What are you doing? Chuck elbows the COPILOT in the face. Chuck's eyes are black. EXT. ROAD - DAY A tractor is trundling by as the plane suddenly appears, crashing into a telephone pole and then the ground. ACT TWO INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY Dean and Sam are in full research mode, with images and articles taped to the walls and strewn across the beds, and Sam is looking at something on the computer. Dean is reading something on one bed while sitting on the other. Sam: So, every religion in every world culture has the concept of demons and demonic possession, right? I mean Christian, Native American, Hindu, you name it. Dean: Yeah, but none of them describe anything like this. Sam: Well, that's not exactly true. You see according to Japanese beliefs, certain demons are behind certain disasters, both natural and man-made. One causes earthquakes, another causes disease. Dean: And this one causes plane crashes? Dean gets up. Dean: All right, so, what? We have a demon that's evolved with the times and found a way to ratchet up the body count? Sam: Yeah. You know, who knows how many planes it's brought down before this one? Dean snorts, turning away. Sam: What? Dean: I don't know, man. This isn't our normal gig. I mean, demons, they don't want anything, just death and destruction for its own sake. This is big. And I wish Dad was here. Sam: Yeah. Me too. Dean's phone rings and he answers it. Dean: Hello? JERRY Dean, it's Jerry. Dean: Oh, hey, Jerry. JERRY My pilot friend...Chuck Lambert is dead. Dean: Wha-Jerry, I'm sorry. What happened? JERRY He and his buddy went up in a small twin about an hour ago. The plane went down. Dean: Where'd this happen? JERRY About sixty miles west of here, near Nazareth. Dean: I'll try to ignore the irony in that. JERRY I'm sorry? Dean: Nothing. Jerry, hang in there, all right? We'll catch up with you soon. Dean hangs up. Sam: Another crash? Dean: Yeah. Let's go. Sam: Where? Dean: Nazareth. EXT. ROAD - DAY The Impala drives past a road sign reading NAZARETH 3. Black smoke is visible in the near distance. INT. JERRY's OFFICE - DAY JERRY is again looking through a microscope. Dean: Sulfur? JERRY nods. Dean: Well, that's great. All right, that's two plane crashes involving Chuck Lambert. This demon sounds like it was after him. Sam: With all due respect to Chuck, if that's the case, that would be the good news. Dean: What's the bad news? Sam: Chuck's plane went down exactly forty minutes into flight. And get this, so did flight 2485. JERRY Forty minutes? What does that mean? Dean: It's biblical numerology. You know Noah's ark, it rained for forty days. The number means death. Sam: I went back, and there have been six plane crashes over the last decade that all went down exactly forty minutes in. Dean: Any survivors? Sam: No. Or not until now, at least, not until flight 2485, for some reason. On the cockpit voice recorder, remember what the EVP Said? Dean: "No survivors." Dean thinks. Dean: It's going after all the survivors. It's trying to finish the job. INT. Impala - NIGHT Dean is driving. Sam is on the phone. Rush's "Working Man" plays. Sam: Really? Well, thank you for taking our survey, And if you do plan to fly, please don't forget your friends at United Britannia Airlines. Thanks. Sam hangs up. Sam: All right. That takes care of Blaine Sanderson and Dennis Holloway. They're not flying anytime soon. Dean: So our only wildcard is the flight attendant Amanda Walker. Sam: Right. Her sister Karen said her flight leaves Indianapolis at eight pm. It's her first night back on the job. Music: Well I get up at seven, yeah And I go to work at nine Dean: That sounds like just our luck. Sam: Dean, this is a five-hour drive, man, even with you behind the wheel. Music: I got no time for livin' yeah I'm working all the time Dean: Call Amanda's cellphone again, see if we can't head her off at the pass. Music: It seems to me I could live my life Sam: I already left her three voice messages. She must have turned her cellphone off. Music: A lot better than I think I am Sam: God, we're never gonna make it. Dean: We'll make it. Music: I guess that's why they call me They call me the working man INT. AIRPORT - NIGHT Dean and Sam rush into the airport and check the Departure board. Music: Well they call me the working man I guess that's what I am Sam: Right there. They're boarding in thirty minutes. Dean: Okay. We still have some cards to play. We need to find a phone. Dean picks up a courtesy phone. Voice Airport Services. Dean: Hi. Gate thirteen. Voice Who are you calling, sir? Dean: I'm trying to contact an Amanda Walker. She's a flight attendant on flight, um...flight 4-2-4. INT. AIRPORT, GATE 13 - NIGHT PA Voice Amanda Walker, Amanda Walker, you have a phone call. White courtesy phone, gate thirteen. Amanda approaches the gate, hearing the announcement. She picks up the phone. INT. AIRPORT - NIGHT[i]and [i]INT. AIRPORT, GATE 13 - NIGHT[i], alternating Dean: Come on. Amanda: This is Amanda Walker. Dean: Miss Walker. Hi, this is Dr. James Hetfield from St. Francis Memorial Hospital. We have a Karen Walker here. Amanda: Karen? Dean: Nothing serious, just a minor car accident, but she was injured, so- Amanda: Wa-wait, that's impossible. I just got off the phone with her. Dean pauses. Dean: You what? Amanda: Five minutes ago. She's at her house, cramming for a final. Who is this? Dean: Uh, well...there must be some mistake. Amanda: And how would you even know I was here? Sam goes around Dean to try to hear what's going on. Amanda: Is this one of Vince's friends? Dean: Guilty as charged. Amanda: Wow. This is unbelievable. Dean: He's really sorry. Amanda: Well, you tell him to mind his own business and stay out of my life, okay? Dean: Yes, but...he really needs to see you tonight, so- Amanda: No, I'm sorry. It's too late. Dean: Don't be like that. Come on. The guy's a mess. Really. It's pathetic. Amanda: Really? Dean: Oh, yeah. Amanda: Look, I've got to go. Um...tell him to call me when I land. Amanda hangs up. Dean: No, no. Wait, Amanda. Amanda! Amanda heads for the plane, greeting coworkers. Amanda: How are you? Hey, Bob. The black cloud comes out of a vent, then goes back in. [i]INT. AIRPORT CHECK-IN AREA - NIGHT Dean: Damn it! So close. INTERCOM Thank you for flying United Britannia Airlines. Sam: All right, it's time for plan B. We're getting on that plane. Dean: Whoa, whoa, now just hold on a second. Dean is wide-eyed. Sam: Dean, that plane is leaving with over a hundred passengers on board, and if we're right, that plane is gonna crash. Dean: I know. Sam: Okay. So we're getting on the plane, we need to find that demon and exorcise it. I'll get the tickets. You get whatever you can out of the trunk. Whatever that will make it through the security. Meet me back here in five minutes. Dean just looks at him anxiously. Sam: Are you okay? Dean: No, not really. Sam: What? What's wrong? Dean: Well, I kind of have this problem with, uh... Sam: Flying? Dean: It's never really been an issue until now. Sam: You're joking, right? Dean: Do I look like I'm joking? Why do you think I drive everywhere, Sam? Sam: All right. Uh, I'll go. Dean: What? Sam: I'll do this one on my own. Dean: What are you, nuts? You said it yourself, the plane's gonna crash. Sam: Dean, we can do it together, or I can do this one by myself. I'm not seeing a third option, here. Dean: Come on! Really? Man... INT. PLANE - NIGHT INTERCOM Flight attendants, please cross-check [something]before departure. Dean, in the aisle seat, is anxiously reading the safety card. Sam: Just try to relax. Dean: Just try to shut up. The plane takes off, with Dean jumping at every rumble and sound. Sam smirks. 
 
 ACT THREE INT. PLANE IN FLIGHT - NIGHT Dean is leaning back, humming to himself. Sam looks over. Sam: You're humming Metallica? Dean: Calms me down. Sam: Look, man, I get you're nervous, all right? But you got to stay focused. Dean: Okay. Sam: I mean, we got thirty-two minutes and counting to track this thing down, or whoever it's possessing, anyway, and perform a full-on exorcism. Dean: Yeah, on a crowded plane. That's gonna be easy. Sam: Just take it one step at a time, all right? Now, who is it possessing? Dean: It's usually gonna be somebody with some sort of weakness, you know, a chink in the armor that the demon can worm through. Somebody with an addiction or some sort of emotional distress. Sam: Well, this is Amanda's first flight after the crash. If I were her, I'd be pretty messed up. Dean: Mm-hm. Dean turns to a FLIGHT ATTENDANT, who is not Amanda. Dean: Excuse me. Are you Amanda? FLIGHT ATTENDANT No, I'm not. Dean: Oh, my mistake. FLIGHT ATTENDANT Mm-hm. Dean looks to the back of the plane to Amanda. Dean: All right, well, that's got to be Amanda back there, so I'll go talk to her, and, uh, I'll get a read on her mental state. Sam: What if she's already possessed? Dean: There's ways to test that. Dean goes into his bag and comes out with a Virgin Mary-shaped bottle of water. Dean: I brought holy water. Sam: No. Sam snatches the bottle and tucks it inside his hoodie. Sam: I think we can go more subtle. If she's possessed, she'll flinch at the name of God. Dean: Oh. Nice. Dean turns to go. Sam: Hey. Dean: What? Sam: Say it in Latin. Dean: I know. Dean leaves again. Sam: Okay. Hey! Dean: What?! Sam: Uh, in Latin, it's "Christo". Dean: Dude, I know! I'm not an idiot! Dean makes his way to the back of the plane, thumping a seat once after the plane shakes. COPILOT Ladies and gentlemen, this is your first officer speaking... Amanda is fussing with the drink cart and napkins. Dean: Hi. Amanda: Hi. Can I help you with something? Dean: Oh, no. I'm just a bit of an uneasy flier. It makes me feel better to walk around a little bit. Amanda: Oh, it happens to the best of us. Dean: Of course, you being a stewardess, I guess flying comes easy to you. Amanda laughs. Amanda: You'd be surprised. Dean: Really? You're a nervous flier? Amanda: Yeah, maybe, little bit. Dean: How is it that, being a stewardess, you're scared to fly? Amanda: Kind of a long story. Dean: Right. I'm sorry for asking. Amanda: It's okay. Dean: You ever consider other employment? Amanda: No. Look, everybody's scared of something. I just, uh...I'm not gonna let it hold me back. Dean: Huh. Amanda: So... Dean, quietly Christo. Amanda: I'm sorry. Did you say something? Dean hesitates. Dean: Christo? Amanda: I-I didn't, I didn't... Dean: Yeah, nothing. Never mind. Dean returns to his seat. Amanda: Okay. Dean: All right, well, she's got to be the most well-adjusted person on the planet. Sam: You said "Christo"? Dean: Yeah. Sam: And? Dean: There's no demon in her. There's no demon getting in her. Sam: So, if it's on the plane, it can be anyone. Anywhere. The plane shakes. Dean: Come on! That can't be normal! Sam: Hey, hey, it's just a little turbulence. Dean: Sam, this plane is going to crash, okay? So quit treating me like I'm friggin' four. Sam: You need to calm down. Dean: Well, I'm sorry I can't. Sam: Yes, you can. Dean: Dude, stow the touchy-feely, self-help yoga crap, it's not helping. Sam: Listen, if you're panicked, you're wide open to demonic possession, so you need to calm yourself down. Right now. Dean takes a long, slow breath. Sam: Good. Now, I found an exorcism in here that I think is gonna work. The Rituale Romanum. Dean: What do we have to do? Sam: It's two parts. The first part expels the demon from the victim's body. It makes it manifest, which actually makes it more powerful. Dean: More powerful? Sam: Yeah. Dean: How? Sam: Well, it doesn't need to possess someone anymore. It can just wreak havoc on its own. Dean: Oh. And why is that a good thing? Sam: Well, because the second part sends the b*st*rd back to hell once and for all. Dean: First things first, we got to find it. Dean walks slowly up the aisle with his EMF meter, getting odd looks but no readings. Sam suddenly claps him on the shoulder, and he jumps. Dean: Ah! Don't do that. Sam: Anything? Dean: No, nothing. How much time we got? Sam: Fifteen minutes. Maybe we missed somebody. Dean: Maybe the thing's just not on the plane. Sam: You believe that? Dean: Well, I will if you will. Dean looks down as the EMF meter spikes. The COPILOT exits the bathroom and heads towards the cockpit. Sam: What? What is it? Dean: Christo. The COPILOT turns slowly to face them. His eyes are black. The COPILOT goes into the cockpit. Dean looks at Sam. ACT FOUR Sam and Dean head to the back of the plane towards Amanda. Sam: She's not gonna believe this. Dean: Twelve minutes, dude. Amanda: Oh, hi. Flight's not too bumpy for you, I hope. Dean: Actually, that's kind of what we need to talk to you about. Sam closes the curtain. Amanda: Um, okay. What can I do for you? Dean: All right, this is gonna sound nuts, but we just don't have time for the whole "the truth is out there" speech right now. Sam: All right, look, we know you were on flight 2485. Amanda's smile disappeared. Amanda: Who are you guys? Sam: Now, we've spoken to some of the other survivors. We know something brought down that plane and it wasn't a mechanical failure. Dean: We need your help because we need to stop it from happening again. Here. Now. Amanda: I'm sorry, I-I'm very busy. I have to go back- She tries to brush past Dean, who stops her. Dean: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. I'm not gonna hurt you, okay? But listen to me, uh...The pilot in 2485, Chuck Lambert. He's dead. Amanda: Wait. What? What, Chuck is dead? Dean: He died in a plane crash. Now, that's two plane crashes in two months. That doesn't strike you as strange? Amanda: I- Sam: Look, there was something wrong with 2485. Now maybe you sensed it, maybe you didn't. But there's something wrong with this flight, too. Dean: Amanda, you have to believe us. Amanda: On...on 2485, there was this man. He...had these eyes. Sam: Yes. That's exactly what we're talking about. Amanda: I don't understand, what are you asking me to do? Dean: Okay. The copilot, we need you to bring him back here. Amanda: Why? What does he have to do with anything? Dean: Don't have time to explain. We just need to talk to him. Okay? Amanda: How am I supposed to go in the cockpit and get the copilot- Sam: Do whatever it takes. Tell him there's something broken back here, whatever will get him out of that cockpit. Amanda: Do you know that I could lose my job if you- Dean: Okay, well you're gonna lose a lot more if you don't help us out. Amanda hesitates. Amanda: Okay. Amanda leaves and goes to the cockpit. She knocks on the door and says something inaudible to the copilot, who follows her back. Sam pulls out the holy water. Dean pulls out John's journal and hands it to Sam, who opens it. COPILOT Yeah, what's the problem? Dean punches him in the face, knocking him down. He pins him down and puts duct tape over his mouth. Amanda: Wait. What are you doing? You said you were just gonna talk to him. Dean: We are gonna talk to him. Dean splashes holy water on his skin, which sizzles. Amanda: Oh, my god. What's wrong with him? Sam: Look. We need you calm. We need you outside the curtain. Amanda: Well, I don't underst-I don't know- Sam: Don't let anybody in, okay? Can you do that? Can you do that? Amanda? Amanda: Okay. Okay. Amanda leaves. Dean: Hurry up, Sam. I don't know how much longer I can hold him. Sam: Regna terrae, cantate Deo, psallite Domino- The Demon breaks free briefly and hits them both until Dean manages to subdue him again. Sam picks up where he left off. The Demon knocks Dean off again and pulls the tape off his mouth. He grabs Sam by the collar. Demon: I know what happened to your girlfriend! She must have died screaming! Even now, she's burning! Dean recovers and hits the Demon as Sam sits there, stunned. Dean: Sam! Sam recovers and begins reading again. He puts the book down and helps Dean pin down the Demon, who kicks the book up the aisle. Sam: I got him. The Demon exits the COPILOT's body and disappears into a vent. Sam: Where'd it go? Dean: It's in the plane. Hurry up. We got to finish it. EXT. PLANE - NIGHT[i]and [i]INT. PLANE - NIGHT[i], alternating The plane suddenly dips and heaves violently. Sam struggles to retrieve the book as Dean splays himself against the exit door, screaming. Sam manages to grab the book and reads the rest of the exorcism. A bright electrical charge runs through the entire plane, which then levels out. Various people ask if everyone's okay. Amanda sighs in relief. Dean comes out from behind the curtain. Sam stands up. EPILOGUE INT. AIRPORT - NIGHT The passengers from the flight are disembarking to an area milling with uniformed agents (PARAMEDIC, FBI, FAA, etc). The COPILOT is seated in a wheelchair with a blanket wrapped around him, being questioned by an FAA Agent. FAA Agent Sir, can you tell me what happened? COPILOT I don't know. I was walking through the airport, then it all goes blank. I don't even remember getting on the plane. Amanda is being questioned by another agent. FBI Agent Anything else? Amanda: No, that's all. She sees Sam and Dean standing across the way and mouths "Thank you". They nod. Dean: Let's get out of here. Dean and Sam head for the exit. Dean: You okay? Sam stops and turns. Sam: Dean, it knew about Jessica. Dean: Sam, these things, they, they read minds. They lie. All right? That's all it was. Sam: Yeah. Dean: Come on. [i]EXT. AIRPORT - DAY JERRY Nobody knows what you guys did, but I do. A lot of people could have been killed. JERRY shakes their hands. JERRY Your dad's gonna be real proud. Sam: We'll see you around, Jerry. Dean begins to head off. Dean: You know, Jerry. JERRY Yeah. Dean: I meant to ask you, how did you get my cellphone number, anyway? I've only had it for like six months. JERRY Your dad gave it to me. Sam: What? Dean: When did you talk to him? JERRY I mean, I didn't exactly talk to him, but I called his number. His voice message said to give you a call. Thanks again, guys. JERRY leaves. EXT. AIRPORT ACCESS - DAY A plane with a red maple leaf on the tail flies overhead. Sam: This doesn't make any sense, man. I've called Dad's number like fifty times. It's been out of service. Dean dials a number. As the voice message begins, he turns it so Sam can hear too. John: This is John Winchester. I can't be reached. If this is an emergency, call my son, Dean. 785-555-0179. He can help. Sam fumes and gets in the car. Dean follows, and they drive off. Music plays. DELETED SCENE Deleted Scenes 904 Phantom Traveler SC 34 0:51 RT EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT The Impala drives away. EXT. PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT The Impala drives into the garage and pulls into a parking spot. Dean and Sam get out. Dean heads off. Sam: Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. Dean looks back. Sam: Dean. We're about to walk into an airport? Dean looks at him and shakes his head. Sam shakes his head back. Dean shakes his head again and goes over to the Impala's trunk, unlocking it and opening it. Dean divests himself of weapons, then closes the trunk. Dean: I feel naked. Dean heads off. Sam watches him go. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 