Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Scarecrow - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Scarecrow https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6571 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/11/06 23:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Scarecrow 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.11 Scarecrow 
 Air Date: 10 Jan 2006 
 Teaser 
 FADE IN: Burkitsville, Indiana – One Year Ago. A married couple, Holly and VINCE PARKER are leaving a café, which is next to a gas station. With them is an older couple, HARLEY and STACY JORGESON, and their teenage niece, EMILY.) 
 STACY: And before you leave, one of our apple pies. (She hands Holly a box). On the house. 
 Holly: Oh, my God, thank you so much! 
 STACY: You're welcome. 
 Holly: (to VINCE) Hey, we should get lost more often. I mean, everyone in this town is so nice. 
 VINCE: Yeah, what's the catch? 
 HARLEY: (after filling the couple's car with gas) You're all set. 
 VINCE: Thanks. (They shake hands. EMILY notices an intricate tattoo on VINCE's arm.) 
 EMILY: That's a cool tattoo. 
 VINCE: Thanks. 
 HARLEY: So, let's get you back to the interstate. 
 VINCE: Yeah, please. 
 HARLEY: Take Laskey straight out of town. 
 STACY: And then you're gonna turn right on Orchard Road. 
 VINCE: Ok. Thank you. (They wave goodbye and the couple drives away.) 
 (CUT TO: The town orchard. The couple's car breaks down.) 
 Holly: What happened? 
 VINCE: I don't know. Car just died. (He takes his cell phone out of his pocket.) Cell phone, too. 
 Holly: How is that possible? (They get out of the car and look around the orchard.) 
 VINCE: Come on, looks like a house over there. (He starts walking away.) 
 Holly: No, I'm not going down there. 
 VINCE: Holly, we need help, we can't just wait here. 
 Holly: (very reluctantly) Ok. (She follows VINCE.) 
 (CUT TO: Another part of the orchard. Holly and VINCE stop by a scarecrow raised on a wooden post. They exchange a look and walk closer to it.) 
 VINCE: Check it out. If I only had a brain… 
 Holly: We wouldn't be lost. 
 VINCE: Thanks. That has got to be the freakiest damn scarecrow I've ever seen. 
 Holly: It scares me. (They start walking away, but Holly sees the scarecrow's head move. She gasps.) Please, let's just hurry, okay? (They start walking away. A few seconds later, they hear a rustling in the trees and turn around. No one is there.) 
 VINCE: Did you hear that? (Holly nods.) Hello? Who's there? (Nobody responds. They start running through the orchard. A minute later, Holly turns to VINCE, and he is gone. She stops.) 
 Holly: Vince? Vince? (She starts running in the opposite direction to try and find VINCE. She trips and falls on the ground. She turns her head and sees VINCE's mutilated body on the ground. She screams and sees the scarecrow towering over her. She continues to scream while the camera pans to the scarecrow's now empty post.) 
 Act One 
 (CUT TO: INT. – motel. Sam and Dean are sleeping. Dean's phone rings but he does not wake up.) 
 Sam: Dean. (Dean still doesn't wake up. Sam answers the phone.) Hello? 
 (CUT TO: A payphone in California. The scene alternates between the payphone and the motel bedroom.) 
 John: Sam, is that you? (Sam sits up in bed.) 
 Sam: Dad? Are you hurt? 
 John: I'm fine. 
 Sam: We've been looking for you everywhere. We didn't know where you were, if you were okay. 
 John: Sammy, I'm all right. What about you and Dean? (At the motel, Dean is waking up.) 
 Sam: We're fine. Dad, where are you? (Dean sits up in bed.) 
 John: Sorry, kiddo, I can't tell you that. 
 Sam: What? Why not? 
 Dean: Is that Dad? 
 John: Look, I know this is hard for you to understand. You're just gonna have to trust me on this. 
 Sam: You're after it, aren't you? The thing that killed Mom. 
 John: Yeah. It's a demon, Sam. 
 Sam: A demon? You know for sure? 
 Dean: A demon? What's he saying? 
 John: I do. Listen, Sammy, I, uh…I also know what happened to your girlfriend. I'm so sorry. I would've done anything to protect you from that. 
 Sam: You know where it is? 
 John: Yeah, I think I'm finally closing in on it. 
 Sam: Let us help. 
 John: You can't. You can't be any part of it. 
 Sam: Why not? 
 Dean: Give me the phone. 
 John: Listen, Sammy, that's why I'm calling. You and your brother, you gotta stop looking for me. Alright, now, I need you to write down these names. 
 Sam: Names? What names, Dad—talk to me, tell me what's going on. 
 John: Look, we don't have time for this. This is bigger than you think, they're everywhere. Even us talking right now, it's not safe. 
 Sam: No. Alright? No way. 
 Dean: Give me the phone. 
 John: I have given you an order. Now, you stop following me, and you do your job. You understand me? Now, take down these names. (Dean grabs the phone from Sam.) 
 Dean: Dad, it's me. Where are you? (…) Yes, sir. (…) Uh, yeah, I got a pen. What are their names? 
 (CUT TO: INT.- Dean's car.) 
 Sam: Alright, so, the names Dad gave us, they're all couples? 
 Dean: Three different couples. All went missing. 
 Sam: And they're all from different towns? Different states? 
 Dean: That's right. You got Washington, New York, Colorado. Each couple took a road trip cross-country. None of them arrived at their destination, and none of them were ever heard from again. 
 Sam: Well, it's a big country, Dean. They could've disappeared anywhere. 
 Dean: Yeah, could've. But each one's route took ‘em to the Same part of Indiana. Always on the second week of April. One year after another after another. 
 Sam: This is the second week of April. 
 Dean: Yep. 
 Sam: So, Dad is sending us to Indiana to go hunting for something before another couple vanishes? 
 Dean: Yahtzee. Can you imagine putting together a pattern like this? All the different obits Dad had to go through? The man's a master. (Sam looks annoyed, pulls over to the side of the road and turns off the car.) What are you doing? 
 Sam: We're not going to Indiana. 
 Dean: We're not? 
 Sam: No. We're going to California. Dad called from a payphone. Sacramento area code. 
 Dean: Sam. 
 Sam: Dean, if this demon killed Mom and Jess, and Dad's closing in, we've gotta be there. We've gotta help. 
 Dean: Dad doesn't want our help. 
 Sam: I don't care. 
 Dean: He's given us an order. 
 Sam: (firmly) I don't care. We don't always have to do what he says. 
 Dean: Sam, Dad is asking us to work jobs, to save lives, it's important. 
 Sam: Alright, I understand, believe me, I understand. But I'm talking one week here, man, to get answers. To get revenge. 
 Dean: Alright, look, I know how you feel. 
 Sam: Do you? (Dean seems shocked at Sam's tone.) How old were you when Mom died? Four? Jess died six months ago. How the hell would you know how I feel? 
 Dean: Dad said it wasn't safe. For any of us. I mean, he obviously knows something that we don't, so if he says to stay away, we stay away. 
 Sam: I don't understand the blind faith you have in the man. I mean, it's like you don't even question him. 
 Dean: Yeah, it's called being a good son! (Sam, angry, gets out of the car. Dean also gets out and watches Sam unloading things from the trunk.) You're a selfish b*st*rd, you know that? You just do whatever you want. Don't care what anybody thinks. 
 Sam: That's what you really think? 
 Dean: Yes, it is. 
 Sam: Well, then this selfish b*st*rd is going to California. (He puts on his backpack and starts walking away.) 
 Dean: Come on, you're not serious. 
 Sam: I am serious. 
 Dean: It's the middle of the night! Hey, I'm taking off, I will leave your ass, you hear me? (Sam stops walking and turns around.) 
 Sam: That's what I want you to do. (They stare at each other for a few seconds, waiting.) 
 Dean: Goodbye, Sam. (He closes the trunk, gets in the car, and drives away. Sam watches him leave, then starts walking away.) 
 (CUT TO: Burkitsville, Indiana. Dean pulls over to the side of the road and pulls out his cell phone. He selects the name "Sam Mobile" and thinks about calling Sam. He changes his mind and closes his cell phone, then shuts off the car and gets out.) 
 Act Two 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- Scotty's Café. SCOTTY is sitting in a chair on the porch. Dean walks up to him.) 
 Dean: (gesturing to the sign) Let me guess. (points to SCOTTY) Scotty. (SCOTTY looks at the sign.) 
 SCOTTY: Yep. 
 Dean: Hi, my name's John Bonham. 
 SCOTTY: Isn't that the drummer for Led Zeppelin? 
 Dean: (taken aback) Wow. Good. Classic rock fan. 
 SCOTTY: What can I do for you, John? (Dean takes two pieces of paper out of his pocket. They are Missing Person flyers for Holly and VINCE PARKER.) 
 Dean: I was wondering if, uh, you'd seen these people by chance. (SCOTTY looks at the flyers.) 
 SCOTTY: Nope. Who are they? 
 Dean: Friends of mine. They went missing about a year ago. They passed through somewhere around here, and I've already asked around Scottsburg and Salem— 
 SCOTTY: Sorry. (He hands the flyers back to Dean.) We don't get many strangers around here. (Dean nods.) 
 Dean: Scotty, you've got a smile that lights up a room, anybody ever tell you that? (SCOTTY stares at him strangely. Dean Chuckles.) Never mind. See you around. (He walks away.) 
 (CUT TO: Highway. Sam is standing on the side of the road. He turns around and sees a young girl with short blonde hair, Meg, sitting with her back to him. She is listening to music.) 
 Sam: Hey. (She can't hear him. He walks over to her and puts his hand on her shoulder. She jumps and takes off her headphones.) 
 Meg: You scared the hell outta me. 
 Sam: I'm sorry. I just thought you might need some help. 
 Meg: No, I'm good, thanks. 
 Sam: Uh, so where you headed? 
 Meg: No offense, but no way I'm telling you. 
 Sam: Why not? 
 Meg: You could be some kind of freak. I mean, you are hitchhiking. 
 Sam: Well, so are you. (Meg laughs. A van honks its horn and pulls over.) 
 VAN DRIVER: Need a ride? 
 Sam and Meg: Yeah. 
 VAN DRIVER: (to Sam) Just her. I ain't takin' you. (Meg gathers her things and gets in the van.) 
 Sam: (to Meg) You trust shady van guy and not me? 
 Meg: Definitely. (They drive away.) 
 (CUT TO: INT. – Jorgeson General Store. Burkitsville, Indiana.) 
 Dean: You sure they didn't stop for gas or something? (HARLEY shows the pictures to STACY. STACY shakes her head.) 
 HARLEY: Nope, don't remember ‘em. You said they were friends of yours? 
 Dean: That's right. (EMILY comes downstairs carrying some boxes.) 
 EMILY: Did the guy have a tattoo? 
 Dean: Yes, he did. (EMILY puts the boxes on the counter and looks at the picture of VINCE.) 
 EMILY: (to STACY and HARLEY) You remember? They were just married. 
 HARLEY: (suddenly remembering) You're right. They did stop for gas. Weren't here more than ten minutes. 
 Dean: You remember anything else? 
 HARLEY: I told ‘em how to get back to the Interstate. They left town. 
 Dean: Could you point me in that Same direction? 
 HARLEY: Sure. 
 (CUT TO: INT.- Dean's car. He is driving by the orchard when he hears a noise coming from the backseat.) What the hell? (He pulls over and reaches into his bag. He pulls out the EMF meter, which is beeping frantically.) 
 (CUT TO: Orchard. Dean is walking around and sees the scarecrow on its post. He walks over to it and looks at it for a second.) 
 Dean: Dude, you fugly. (The scarecrow doesn't move. Dean notices a sickle in the scarecrow's hand and a design on its arm. Dean takes a ladder from a nearby tree and climbs to the top so that he is eye level with the scarecrow. He moves its clothing and recognizes the design from VINCE's tattoo. He pulls out VINCE's flyer and compares the designs, which are exactly the Same. He looks at the scarecrow again.) Nice tat. (The screen goes black.) 
 (FADE IN: Burkitsville gas station. Dean pulls up in his car and gets out. EMILY is standing by the gas pumps.) 
 EMILY: You're back. 
 Dean: Never left. 
 EMILY: Still looking for your friends? (Dean nods.) 
 Dean: (noticing EMILY's nameplate necklace) You mind fillin' her up there, Emily? (She grabs a pump and starts filling up Dean's tank.) So, you grew up here? 
 EMILY: I came here when I was thirteen. I lost my parents. Car accident. My aunt and uncle took me in. 
 Dean: They're nice people. 
 EMILY: Everybody's nice here. 
 Dean: So, what, it's the, uh, perfect little town? 
 EMILY: Well, you know, it's the boonies. But I love it. I mean, the towns around us, people are losing their homes, their farms. But here, it's almost like we're blessed. (Dean nods.) 
 Dean: Hey, you been out to the orchard? You seen that scarecrow? 
 EMILY: Yeah, it creeps me out. (Dean laughs.) 
 Dean: Whose is it? 
 EMILY: I don't know. It's just always been there. 
 Dean: (nodding towards a red van parked by the garage) That your aunt and uncle's? 
 EMILY: Customer. Had some car troubles. 
 Dean: It's not a couple, is it? A guy and a girl? (EMILY nods.) 
 EMILY: Mmhmm. (Dean looks concerned.) 
 (CUT TO: Bus Station. Sam is talking to the clerk.) 
 CLERK: Sorry, the Sacramento bus doesn't run again till tomorrow. (She checks the schedule.) Uh, 5:05 PM. 
 Sam: Tomorrow? There's got to be another way. 
 CLERK: Well, there is. Buy a car. (Sam, annoyed, leaves the ticket window. He takes out his PalmPilot and selects Dean's phone number.) 
 Meg: (sitting on the floor with her bags) Hey. (Sam looks at her, confused, and turns off his PalmPilot without calling Dean.) 
 Sam: Hey. 
 Meg: You again. 
 Sam: What happened to your ride? 
 Meg: You were right. That guy was shady. He was all hands. (Sam raises his eyebrows.) I cut him loose. (Sam looks around, disappointed.) What's the matter? 
 Sam: Just trying to get to California. 
 Meg: (surprised) No way. 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Meg: Me too. (She stands up and walks toward Sam) You know, the next bus isn't until tomorrow. 
 Sam: Yeah. Yeah, that's the problem. 
 Meg: Why? What's in Cali that's so important? 
 Sam: Just something I've been looking for. For a long time. 
 Meg: Well, then I'm sure it can wait one more day, right? (Sam laughs. Meg extends her hand and Sam shakes it.) I'm Meg. 
 Sam: Sam. 
 (CUT TO: INT. – Scotty's Café. SCOTTY is serving the couple whose car broke down. He puts two plates of apple pie in front of them.) 
 SCOTTY: We're famous for our apples. So, you gotta try this pie. 
 Girl: Oh, no. It—please. 
 SCOTTY: It's on the house. (Dean walks in.) 
 Dean: Oh, hey, Scotty. Can I get a coffee, black? (SCOTTY walks away to get it.) Oh, and some of that pie, too, while you're at it. (He sits at a table next to the couple.) How ya doin'? (The couple waves and smiles.) Just passing through? 
 Girl: Road trip. 
 Dean: Hm. Yeah, me too. (They nod. SCOTTY walks over to refill their cider.) 
 SCOTTY: I'm sure these people want to eat in peace. 
 Dean: Just a little friendly conversation. (SCOTTY walks away.) Oh, and that coffee, too, man. Thanks. (SCOTTY looks agitated. Dean keeps talking to the couple.) So, what brings you to town? 
 Girl: We just stopped for gas. And, uh, the guy at the gas station saved our lives. 
 Dean: Is that right? 
 Man: Yeah, one of our brake lines was leaking. We had no idea. He was fixing it for us. 
 Dean: (concerned) Nice people. 
 Man: Yeah. 
 Dean: So, how long till you're up and runnin'? 
 Man: Sundown. 
 Dean: Really. (He thinks about it for a minute.) To fix a brake line? (The man nods.) I mean, you know, I know a thing or two about cars. I could probably have you up and running in about an hour. I wouldn't charge you anything. 
 Girl: You know, thanks a lot, but I think we'd rather have a mechanic do it. 
 Dean: Sure. I know. (He pauses.) You know, it's just that these roads. They're not real safe at night. (The couple exchange a look.) 
 Girl: I'm sorry? 
 Dean: I know it sounds strange, but, uh—you might be in danger. 
 Man: (annoyed) Look, we're trying to eat. Okay? 
 Dean: Yeah. (He looks disappointed. The couple seems worried by Dean.) You know, my brother could give you this puppy dog look, and you'd just buy right into it. (The bell above the café door jingles and someone walks in. SCOTTY comes out from a back room.) 
 SCOTTY: Thanks for coming, Sheriff. (Dean looks nervous and frustrated. SCOTTY whispers something in the Sheriff's ear, and they both look at Dean, who looks away. The Sheriff walks over to him.) 
 Sheriff: I'd like a word, please. 
 Dean: Come on. I'm having a bad day already. 
 Sheriff: You know what would make it worse? (Dean nods slowly.) 
 (CUT TO: Interstate. The Sheriff's car is following Dean's car to make sure Dean leaves. When he is gone, the Sheriff turns around and drives back to Burkitsville.) 
 (CUT TO: Bus Station. Sam and Meg are sitting at a table with beers and different foods around them.) 
 Sam: So, what, are you on some kind of vacation or something? (Meg laughs.) 
 Meg: Yeah, right. It's all sipping Cristal poolside for me. (They laugh.) No. I had to get away from my family. 
 Sam: Why? 
 Meg: I love my parents. And they wanted what's best for me. They just didn't care if I wanted it. I was supposed to be smart. But not smart enough to scare away a husband. (Sam smiles.) It's just…because my family said so, I was supposed to sit there and do what I was told. So I just went on my own way instead. (Sam stares at her.) I'm sorry. The things you say to people you hardly know. 
 Sam: No, no, it's okay. I know how you feel. Remember that brother I mentioned before, that I was road-tripping with? (Meg nods.) It's, uh, it's kind of the Same deal. 
 Meg: And that's why you're not riding with him anymore? (Sam shakes his head. Meg raises her beer bottle.) Here's to us. The food might be bad, and the beds might be hard. But at least we're living our own lives. And nobody else's. (Sam taps his bottle against hers and they both drink.) 
 (CUT TO: Interstate. Night. Dean is driving back to Burkitsville.) 
 (CUT TO: Orchard. The couple's car has broken down and they are walking through the orchard.) 
 Girl: I can't believe it. We just got the car fixed. 
 Man: This way. (They start walking towards a clearing. The scarecrow moves quickly behind them. The girl gasps and they turn around.) 
 Girl: Steve? (They hear more noises.) 
 STEVE: Who's there? (They look around and the scarecrow comes out from behind the trees. It begins walking towards them, and they start running away. They are almost at the clearing when Dean runs in front of them. They stop.) 
 Dean: Get back to your car. (The couple looks behind them and sees the scarecrow getting closer.) Go! Go! (The couple runs away. Dean cocks his gun and shoots the scarecrow, which stumbles but keeps walking. Dean begins running, cocks his gun again, and shoots. Again, the scarecrow keeps going. Dean tries one more time, but the scarecrow keeps moving. Dean keeps running.) Go! Go! (Finally, Dean and the couple reach the clearing. Dean cocks his gun and looks around, but the scarecrow has disappeared.) 
 STEVE: (panting) What—what the hell was that? 
 Dean: Don't ask. (The screen goes black.) 
 (FADE IN: Bus Station. Middle of the night. Meg is sleeping on the floor. Sam is sitting by his bags, on the phone with Dean. The scene alternates between the bus station and Dean's car.) 
 Sam: The scarecrow climbed off its cross? 
 Dean: Yeah, I'm tellin' ya. Burkitsville, Indiana. Fun Town. 
 Sam: It didn't kill the couple, did it? 
 Dean: No. I can't cope without you, you know. 
 Sam: So, something must be animating it. A spirit. 
 Dean: No, it's more than a spirit. It's a god. A Pagan god, anyway. 
 Sam: What makes you say that? 
 Dean: The annual cycle of its killings? And the fact that the victims are always a man and a woman. Like some kind of fertility right. And you should see the locals. The way they treated this couple. Fattenin' ‘em up like a Christmas turkey. 
 Sam: The last meal. Given to sacrificial victims. 
 Dean: Yeah, I'm thinking a ritual sacrifice to appease some Pagan god. 
 Sam: So, a god possesses the scarecrow... 
 Dean: And the scarecrow takes its sacrifice. And for another year, the crops won't wilt, and disease won't spread. 
 Sam: Do you know which god you're dealing with? 
 Dean: No, not yet. 
 Sam: Well, you figure out what it is, you can figure out a way to kill it. 
 Dean: I know. I'm actually on my way to a local community college. I've got an appointment with a professor. You know, since I don't have my trusty sidekick geek boy to do all the research. (Sam laughs.) 
 Sam: You know, if you're hinting you need my help, just ask. 
 Dean: I'm not hinting anything. Actually, uh—I want you to know….I mean, don't think…. 
 Sam: Yeah. I'm sorry, too. 
 Dean: Sam. You were right. You gotta do your own thing. You gotta live your own life. 
 Sam: Are you serious? 
 Dean: You've always known what you want. And you go after it. You stand up to Dad. And you always have. Hell, I wish I—anyway….I admire that about you. I'm proud of you, Sammy. 
 Sam: I don't even know what to say. 
 Dean: Say you'll take care of yourself. 
 Sam: I will. 
 Dean: Call me when you find Dad. 
 Sam: (sadly) OK. Bye, Dean. (They hang up. Meg wakes up and moves next to Sam.) 
 Meg: Who was that? 
 Sam: My brother. 
 Meg: What'd he say? 
 Sam: Goodbye. (They exchange a look.) 
 
 
 
 Act Three 
 (CUT TO: Community College. Day. Dean is with the college professor.) 
 PROFESSOR: It's not every day I get a research question on Pagan ideology. 
 Dean: Yeah, well, call it a hobby. 
 PROFESSOR: But you said you were interested in local lore? 
 Dean: Mmhmm. 
 PROFESSOR: I'm afraid Indiana isn't really known for its Pagan worship. 
 Dean: Well, what if it was imported? You know, like the Pilgrims brought their religion over. Wasn't a lot of this area settled by immigrants? 
 PROFESSOR: Well, yeah. 
 Dean: Like that town near here, Burkitsville. Where are their ancestors from? 
 PROFESSOR: Uh, northern Europe, I believe, Scandinavia. 
 Dean: What could you tell me about those Pagan gods? 
 PROFESSOR: Well, there are hundreds of Norse gods and goddesses. 
 Dean: I'm actually looking for one. Might live in an orchard. 
 (CUT TO: College classroom. The professor puts a large book down on a table and opens it.) 
 PROFESSOR: Woods god, hm? Well, let's see. (He leafs through some pages. On one page, Dean notices a picture of a scarecrow on a post surrounded by farmers in a field.) 
 Dean: Wait, wait, wait. What's that one? 
 PROFESSOR: Oh, that's not a woods god, per se. 
 Dean: (reading) The V-Vanir? (The professor nods.) The Vanir were Norse gods of protection and prosperity, keeping the local settlements safe from harm. Some villages built effigies of the Vanir in their fields. Other villages practiced human sacrifice. One male, and one female. (points to the picture) Kind of looks like a scarecrow, huh? 
 PROFESSOR: I suppose. 
 Dean: (reading) This particular Vanir that's energy sprung from the sacred tree? 
 PROFESSOR: Well, Pagans believed all sorts of things were infused with magic. 
 Dean: So what would happen if the sacred tree was torched? You think it'd kill the god? 
 PROFESSOR: (laughing) Son, these are just legends we're discussing. 
 Dean: Oh, of course. Yeah, you're right. Listen, thank you very much. (He shakes the professor's hand.) 
 PROFESSOR: Glad I could help. (Dean walks to the classroom door. When he opens it, the Sheriff hits him on the head with the end of his rifle. Dean falls to the ground, and the Sheriff and the professor exchange a knowing look.) 
 (CUT TO: Streets of Burkitsville. STACY, HARLEY, SCOTTY, and the Sheriff are standing in the rain, upset.) 
 SCOTTY: You don't understand, Harley. All of us here—It's our responsibility to protect the town. 
 HARLEY: I understand. Better than all of you. I'm the one that gives ‘em directions. I'm the one that sends ‘em down to the orchard. 
 Sheriff: Harley, please. 
 HARLEY: We all close our doors. Look the other way. Pretend we can't hear the screams. But this is different, this—this is murder. 
 STACY: It's angry with us. Already the trees are beginning to die. Tonight's the seventh night of the cycle. Our last chance. 
 HARLEY: If the boy has to die, the boy has to die. But why does it have to be her? (They say nothing, but stare at the ground, disappointed. The camera pans away from them.) 
 (CUT TO: Cellar. Dean is by himself. Suddenly, the cellar door opens and EMILY is there, being held by her aunt and uncle. She is crying.) 
 EMILY: Aunt Stacy. Uncle Harley, please. (They bring her down the stairs, next to Dean and go back upstairs.) Why are you doing this? 
 STACY: For the common good. (She shuts the cellar door and Dean and EMILY are left in the dark. The screen goes black.) 
 (FADE IN: Bus station. Meg is gathering her things. Sam is trying to call Dean on his cell phone.) 
 Meg: Hey. Our bus came in. (Sam hangs up the phone, shaking his head.) 
 Sam: You better catch it. I gotta go. (He puts on his backpack.) 
 Meg: Go where? 
 Sam: Burkitsville. 
 Meg: Sam, wait. 
 Sam: I've been trying to call my brother for the last three hours. I'm just getting his voicemail. 
 Meg: Well, maybe his phone's turned off. 
 Sam: No, that's not like him. Meg, I think he might be in trouble. 
 Meg: What kind of trouble? 
 Sam: I can't really explain right now. I'm sorry, look, I don't want you to miss your bus. 
 Meg: But I don't understand. You're running back to your brother? The guy you ran away from? Why, because he won't pick up his phone? Sam—come with me to California. 
 Sam: I can't. I'm sorry. 
 Meg: Why not? 
 Sam: He's my family. (Sam leaves. Meg watches him go, close to tears.) 
 Act Four 
 (CUT TO: Cellar. Dean is trying to open the cellar door, but he fails.) 
 EMILY: I don't understand. They're gonna kill us? 
 Dean: Sacrifice us. Which is, I don't know, classier, I guess? (He walks over to her.) You really didn't know anything about this, did you? 
 EMILY: About what? The scarecrow god? I can't believe this. 
 Dean: Well, you better start believing, cause I'm gonna need your help. 
 EMILY: Okay. 
 Dean: Now, we can desTroy the scarecrow, but we gotta find the tree. 
 EMILY: What tree? 
 Dean: Maybe you can help me with that. It would be really old. The locals would treat it with a lot of respect, you know, like it was sacred. 
 EMILY: There was this one apple tree. The immigrants brought it over with them. They call it the First Tree. 
 Dean: Is it in the orchard? 
 EMILY: Yeah, but I don't know where. (The cellar door opens and the four elders are standing there.) 
 STACY: It's time. (Dean and EMILY look at each other, nervous.) 
 (CUT TO: Orchard. The elders are tying Dean and EMILY to two adjacent trees.) 
 Dean: How many people have you killed, Sheriff? How much blood is on your hands? 
 Sheriff: We don't kill them. 
 Dean: No, but you sure cover up after. I mean, how many cars have you hidden, clothes have you buried? (The Sheriff walks away.) 
 EMILY: Uncle Harley, please. 
 HARLEY: I am so sorry, Em. I wish it wasn't you. 
 STACY: Try to understand. It's our responsibility. And there's just no other choice. There's nobody else but you. 
 EMILY: I'm your family. 
 STACY: Sweetheart, that's what sacrifice means. Giving up something you love for the greater good. The town needs to be safe. The good of the many outweighs the good of the one. (The four elders walk away.) 
 Dean: I hope your apple pie is freakin' worth it! 
 EMILY: So, what's the plan? 
 Dean: I'm workin' on it. 
 (FADE TO: Orchard. Hours later.) 
 EMILY: You don't have a plan, do you? 
 Dean: (slightly panicked) I'm workin' on it. Can you see? 
 EMILY: What? 
 Dean: Is he moving yet? 
 EMILY: I can't see. (A shadow is seen moving near the trees.) Oh my God. (As it moves closer, Dean tries to untie his ropes.) Oh my God! (Sam comes out from behind the trees.) 
 Sam: Dean? 
 Dean: (overjoyed) Oh! Oh, I take everything back I said. I'm so happy to see you. Come on. (Sam begins untying Dean from the tree.) How'd you get here? 
 Sam: I, uh—I stole a car. 
 Dean: Haha! That's my boy! And keep an eye on that scarecrow. He could come alive any minute. 
 Sam: What scarecrow? (Dean gets up and sees the scarecrow's post is empty. He and Sam exchange a nervous look. The screen goes black.) 
 (FADE IN: Orchard. Sam, Dean, and EMILY are running.) 
 Sam: Alright, now, this sacred tree you're talking about— 
 Dean: It's the source of its power. 
 Sam: So let's find it and burn it. 
 Dean: Nah, in the morning. Let's just shag ass before Leather Face catches up. (The three of them reach a clearing. Waiting for them are the elders and a few other townspeople.) This way. (They turn around but they are blocked in all directions.) 
 EMILY: Please. Let us go. 
 HARLEY: It'll be over quickly, I promise. 
 EMILY: Please. 
 HARLEY: Emily, you have to let him take you. You have to—(All of a sudden, the scarecrow sticks his sickle through HARLEY's stomach. EMILY and STACY scream, then STACY is captured by the scarecrow, too. EMILY runs into Dean's arms while he her aunt and uncle are dragged away by the scarecrow. The rest of the townspeople run away in fright.) 
 Dean: Come on, let's go. (Sam, Dean, and EMILY start running. They hear a noise and turn around, but the scarecrow and its victims have disappeared. The three of them stay there and look around.) 
 (FADE TO: Orchard. Morning. Sam, Dean, and EMILY walk to the sacred tree with gasoline and a lighter. The tree is marked with VINCE's tattoo design. Sam goes to the tree and pours the gasoline on it. Dean picks up a long branch and lights it.) 
 EMILY: Let me. (She takes the branch from Dean.) 
 Dean: You know, the whole town's gonna die. 
 EMILY: Good. (She throws the burning branch onto the tree, and the three of them watch it go up in flames.) 
 (FADE TO: Bus Stop. EMILY is getting on a bus to Boston. She smiles at Dean, who waves to her. She waves back and takes a seat. Dean and Sam watch the bus leave.) 
 Sam: Think she's gonna be alright? 
 Dean: I hope so. 
 Sam: And the rest of the townspeople, they'll just get away with it? 
 Dean: Well, what'll happen to the town will have to be punishment enough. (They start walking to Dean's car.) So, can I drop you off somewhere? 
 Sam: No, I think you're stuck with me. (They stop at the car.) 
 Dean: What made you change your mind? 
 Sam: I didn't. I still wanna find Dad. And you're still a pain in the ass. (Dean nods.) But, Jess and Mom—they're both gone. Dad is God knows where. You and me. We're all that's left. So, if we're gonna see this through, we're gonna do it together. (Dean pauses.) 
 Dean: Hold me, Sam. That was beautiful. (He puts his hand on Sam's shoulder, who hits it away. They laugh.) 
 Sam: You should be kissing my ass, you were dead meat, dude. 
 Dean: Yeah, right. I had a plan, I'd have gotten out. 
 Sam: Right. (They smile and get in the car.) 
 (CUT TO: Highway. Another shady guy is giving Meg a ride.) 
 VAN DRIVER: So, where to, pretty lady? 
 Meg: How about you pull over? 
 VAN DRIVER: (looks at her) Okay. That works. (He pulls over. Meg reaches into her bag and pulls out a silver bowl.) What's that? 
 Meg: I've got to make a call. (She reaches into the bowl to get something.) 
 VAN DRIVER: I've got a cell phone you could use. 
 Meg: It's not that kind of call. (She pulls out a knife and slits the van driver's throat. She holds the bowl under his neck and lets his blood pour into it.) Thanks for the ride. (She begins stirring the blood in the bowl with her finger.) Tire quiero patem me a di. (The blood swirls around and a silver orb appears in the middle of the liquid.) It makes no sense. I could've stopped Sam. Hell, I could've taken them both. Why let them go? (She pauses, seemingly listening to someone the audience cannot hear.) Yes. (She pauses again.) Yes. (She pauses one more time.) Yes, Father. (The screen fades to black.) 
 THE END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 