Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Salvation - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Salvation https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6581 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/28/06 20:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Salvation 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.21 Salvation 
 Air Date: 27 Apr 2006 
 Teaser  
 INT. CHURCH 
 BLUE EARTH. MINNESOTA 
 A Pastor is at his pulpit. He looks up when a wind ruffles his hair and the candles on the alter. 
 Meg enters the chuch. 
 PASTOR 
 Good Morning. Can I help you? 
 The Pastor comes down from the pulpit. Meg walks forward and sits in a pew. 
 Meg: I kinda...I need to talk. 
 PASTOR 
 Well that's what I'm here for. 
 Meg: I've done some things. Not good things. 
 PASTOR 
 Well there's always forgiveness for us if we seek it. 
 Meg: For everyone? Are you sure?. 
 PASTOR 
 I like to say salvation was created for sinners. Tell me what's on your mind. 
 Meg: Well. I've lied. A lot. I've stolen. I've lusted. And the other day I met this man. A nice guy, you know? We had a really good chat, sort of like this...then I slit his throat and ripped his heart out through his chest. 
 Meg blinks and her eyes go black. The Pastor jerks back. 
 Meg: Does that make me a bad person? 
 PASTOR 
 (Backing away) I know what you are. You can't be here. This is hallowed ground. 
 Meg: (Standing) Please. Maybe that works in the minor leagues. But not with me. 
 The Pastor runs for the door behind the pulpit and down the stairs. He unlocks a door and rushes inside, sliding a ready to go barricade across the door. He turns to a well stocked hunter's chest of weapons and starts scrambling for something. Meg kicks open the door with ease, breaking the wood barricading it. The Pastor starts, then throws a knife covered in Sigils at Meg's head. She catches it easily. 
 Meg: You throw like a girl. 
 PASTOR 
 What do you want. 
 Meg: The Winchesters. 
 PASTOR 
 I haven't spoken to John Winchestor in over a year. You're wasting your time. Even if I did know where they were, I'd never tell you. 
 Meg: I know. 
 Meg slits his throat with his own knife and he falls back into a chair, gasping, then dying. Meg smiles and walks away. 
 END Teaser 
 ACT ONE  
 MANNING, COLORADO. 
 The camera pans across a motel room and John's research. The walls are covered with information on the yellow eyed demon. Weather charts, hieroglyphics, pictures, newspaper articles, written notes, a shelf of books and more. 
 John sits at a paper strewn desk, the Colt in front of him. Sam leans against the counter while Dean paces. 
 John: So this is it. This is everything I know. Look, our whole lives we been searching for this demon right? Not a trace, just...nothing. Until about a year ago. For the first time I picked up a trail. 
 Dean: And that's when you took off. 
 John: Yeah. That's right. The demon must have come out of hiding, or hibernation. 
 Dean: All right so what's this trail you found? 
 John: It starts in Arizona, then New Jersey, California. Houses burned down to the ground. It's going after families, just like it went after us. 
 Sam: Families with infants? 
 John: Yeah. The night of the kid's six-month birthday. 
 Sam: I was six months old that night? 
 John: Exactly six months. 
 Sam: So basically, this demon is going after these kids for some reason. The Same way it came for me? So Mom's death...Jessica. It's all because of me? 
 Dean: We don't know that Sam. 
 Sam: Oh really? Cause I'd say we're pretty damn sure Dean. 
 Dean: (Frustrated) For the last time, what happened to them was not your fault. 
 Sam: (Shouting) Right. It's not my fault but it's my problem. 
 Dean: No it's not your problem it's our problem! 
 John: (Standing) Okay. That's enough. 
 Everyone takes a breath and calms down. 
 Sam: So why's he doing it. What does he want? 
 John: Look I wish I had more answers, I do. I've always been one step behind it. Look, I've never gotten there in time to save... 
 John looks down, unhappy. 
 Dean: All right so how do we find it..before it hits again. 
 John: There's signs. It took me a while to see the pattern but it's there in the days before these fires signs crop up in an area. Cattle deaths, temperature fluctations, electrical storms. And then I went back and checked...and... 
 Dean: These things happened in Lawrence. 
 John 
 (Nodding) A week before your mother died. And in Palo Alto...before Jessica. And these signs, they're starting again. 
 Sam: Where. 
 John: Salvation Iowa. 
 ... 
 EXT. ROAD. 
 John's truck speeds along a misty road, followed closely by the Impala. After a few moments he pulls off to the side, the Impala follows and everyone springs out of their seats. 
 John: God damn it! 
 Dean: What is it? 
 John: Son of a bitch. 
 Dean: What is it! 
 John: I just got a call from Caleb. 
 Dean: Is he okay? 
 John: He's fine. Jim Murphy's dead. 
 Sam: Pastor Jim? How? 
 John: His throat was slashed. He bled out. Caleb said they found traces of sulfur at Jim's place. 
 Dean: A demon. (John nods) The Demon? 
 John: I don't know. Could be he just got careless, he slipped up. Maybe the demon knows we're getting close. 
 Dean: What do we do? 
 John: Now we act like every second counts. There's two hospitals and a health centre in this county. We split up, cover more ground. I want records. I want a list of every infant that's going to be six months old in the next week. 
 Sam: Dad that could be dozens of kids. How do we know which one's the right one? 
 John: We check em all that's how. You got any better ideas? 
 Sam: No sir. 
 John nods at them and they all turn back to their cars. John stops, leaning on his trunk. Dean turns back as he opens his door and pauses. 
 Dean: Dad? 
 John: (upset) Yeah. It's Jim. You know, I can't...(his face hardens) This ends, now. I'm ending it. I don't care what it takes. 
 They all get back in their cars and pull back onto the road, speeding into the distance. 
 ... 
 John pulls up in front of 'salvation Children's Hospital'. He opens the container between the seats and shuffled through the number of IDs there, selecting one and pinning it to his jacket. 
 ... 
 Sam is sitting in a filing room, a nurse brings him another load of files. 
 Nurse: Here you go officer. 
 Sam: Thank you. 
 Nurse: You're welcome. 
 He continues copying birth certificate information into his notebook. 
 ... 
 A pretty receptionist hands a file to a hospital worker, then looks down at her clipboard. She looks up again as Dean walks in and pauses, looking around. She smiles as he turns to her desk. He notes her gorgeousness and raises his eyebrows. 
 Woman: Hi. Is there anything I can do for you? 
 Dean: (smiling) Oh God yes. 
 She smiles and looks down. 
 Dean: (Holding up his ID) Only I'm uh...working right now, so... 
 ... 
 Sam comes out of Salvation Medical Centre, flipping through his notebook, then cluthces his head as a vision hits him. The Yellow Eyed Demon is in a babies nursery. He flashes to a mother looking out the window, he hears a train, and then see's the demon again. As soon as the vision finishes and he can focus again he quickly pulls out a map. 
 ... 
 Later Sam is in a park, checking his map again. As he does he gets the vision flashes again. When it's over he realizes the house from the vision is in front of him. The woman from his vision pushes a pram along the road while holding an umbrella. He approaches. 
 Sam: Hi. Here, let me hold that for you. You look like you don't need that anymore. 
 Woman: Oh. Thanks. 
 She closes her umbrella while Sam holds her pram. He looks inside. 
 Sam: She's gorgeous. Is she yours? 
 Woman: Yeah. 
 Sam: (to the baby) Oh wow, hi! (to the mom) Oh sorry, I'm rude. I'm Sam. I just moved in up the block. 
 Woman: Hi. I'm Monica. This is Rosie. 
 Sam: Rosie? Hi Rosie. 
 MONICA 
 So, welcome to the neighbourhood. 
 Sam: Thanks. She's such a good baby! 
 MONICA 
 I know, I mean she...she never cries. She just stares at everybody. Sometimes she looks at you and I swear it's...it's like she's reading your mind. 
 Sam: What about you Monica? Have you lived here long? 
 MONICA 
 My husband and I, we bought our place just before Rosie was born. 
 Sam: And how old's Rosie? 
 MONICA 
 She's six months today. She's big right? Growing like a weed. 
 Sam: (Distracted) Yeah. Monica... 
 MONICA 
 Yeah? 
 Sam: Just ahhh,just take care of yourself okay? 
 MONICA 
 Yeah, you too Sam. We'll see you around. 
 As MONICA turns to her house a station wagon pulls into the drive, honking. 
 MONICA 
 There's Daddy! 
 Sam's vision returns again. The clock in the bedroom stops, the nursery rhyme playing stops, a wind sweeps through. A black figure approaches the bed. MONICA pushes the door open from the hallway and see's the figure standing over her daughters bed. 
 MONICA 
 What are you... 
 The fugure turns to her. She is pulled back to the wall and slides up it to the ceiling. Blood starts dripping from her stomach. 
 MONICA 
 Rosie! 
 The room bursts into flame. 
 END ACT ONE 
 ACT TWO  
 INT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Sam sits at the table, rubbing his temples. Dean and John sit on the end of each bed. 
 John: (Flatly) A vision. 
 Sam: (Slowly, painfully) Yes. I saw the demon burning a woman on the ceiling. 
 John 
 And you think this is going to happen to this woman you met because... 
 Sam: Because these things happen exactly the way I see them 
 Dean: It started out as nightmares. Then it started happening while he was awake. 
 Dean rises and crosses to the counter behind Sam to get more coffee. 
 Sam: (Wincing) Yeah. It's like the closer I get to anything to do with the demon the stronger the visions get. 
 John: All right. When were you going to tell me about this? 
 Sam and Dean stop and turn to look at John: Dean: We didn't know what it meant. 
 John: All right, something like this starts happening to your brother, you pick up the phone and you call me. 
 Dean dumps the coffee jug and cup back on the counter and strides toward John. 
 Dean: Call you? Are you kidding me? Dad I called you from Lawrence all right? Sam called you when I was dying. I mean, getting you on the phone? I got a better chance of winning the lottery. 
 John: You're right. Although I'm not too crazy about this new tone of yours, you're right. I'm sorry. 
 Sam: Look guys, visions or no visions, fact is, we know the demon is coming tonight. And this family's gonna go through the Same hell we went through. 
 John: No they're not. No one is, ever again. 
 Sam's phone rings. 
 Sam: Hello? 
 Meg: Sam? 
 Sam: Who is this? 
 Meg: Think real hard it will come to you. 
 Sam: Meg. 
 Dean and John start and turn to Sam. 
 Sam: Last time I saw you you fell out of a window. 
 Meg: Yeah, no thanks to you. That really hurt my feelings by the way. 
 Sam: Just your feelings? That was a seven-story drop. 
 Meg: Lemme speak to your Dad. 
 Sam: (looking at John) My Dad. I don't know where my Dad is. 
 Meg: It's time for the grown ups to talk Sam, let me speak to him now. 
 Sam hestitates then hands the phone to John. 
 John: This is John. 
 Meg: Howdy John. I'm Meg. I'm a friend of your boys. I'm also the one who watched Jim Murphy choke on his own blood...still there John-boy? 
 John: I'm here. 
 Meg: Well that was yesterday. Today I'm in Lincoln. Visiting another old friend of yours. He wants to say hi... 
 The camera pans back on Meg to reveal a man tied to a chair. Meg holds the phone to his ear. 
 Man: John, whatever you do don't give... 
 Meg pulls the phone away, putting her finger on her lips in a shhh-ing noise and smiling. 
 John: Caleb? 
 Sam and Dean react to the name instantly, going on alert. 
 John: You listen to me. He's got nothing to do with anything. You let him go. 
 Meg: We know you have the colt John. 
 John: I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Meg: Oh, okay. Well listen to this. 
 Meg slits Caleb's throat and holds the phone out. John can hear him gasping and drowning in his own blood. 
 John: Caleb. Caleb! 
 Meg: You hear that? That's the sound of your friend dying. Now let's try this again. We know you have the gun John, word travels fast. So as far as we're concerned you just declared war. And this is what war looks like. It has casualties. 
 John: I'm gonna kill you, you know that? 
 Meg: Oh John please, mind your blood pressure. So this is the thing. We're going to keep doing what we're doing. And your friends, anyone who has ever helped you, gave you shelter, anyone you ever loved. They'll all die unless you give us that gun. 
 John is quiet, thinking. The boys are close by his side. 
 Meg: I'm waiting Johnny, better answer before the buzzer. 
 John: Okay. 
 Meg: Sorry? I didn't quiet get that. 
 John: I said okay, I'll bring you the colt. 
 Meg: There's a warehouse in Lincoln, on the corner of Wabash and Lake. You're gonna meet me there. 
 John: It's gonna take me about a days drive to get there. 
 Meg: Meet me there at midnight tonight. 
 John: That's impossible. I can't get there in time and I can't just carry a gun on the plane. 
 Meg: Oh. Well I guess your friends die don't they. If you do decide to make it, come alone. 
 Meg: (Hanging up and turning to Caleb's body) What the hell are you looking at. 
 ... 
 Sam: So you think Meg is a demon? 
 John: Either that, or she's possessed by one. It doesn't really matter. 
 Dean: What do we do? 
 John: I'm going to Lincoln. 
 Dean: What? 
 John: It doesn't look lilke we have a choice. If I don't go, a lot of people die, our friends die. 
 Sam: Dad, the demon is coming tonight. For Monica and her family. That gun is all we got, you can't just hand it over. 
 John: Who said anything about handing it over. Look, besides us and a coupla of vampires no ones really seen the gun, no one knows what it looks like. 
 Dean: So what, you're just going to pick up a ringer at a pawn shop? 
 John: Antique store. 
 Dean: You're going to hand Meg a fake gun and hope she doesn't notice? 
 John: Look, as long as it's close, she shouldn't be able to tell the difference. 
 Dean: Yeah but for how long? What happens when she figures it out? 
 John: I just...I just need to buy a few hours, that's all. 
 Sam: You mean for Dean and me. You want us to stay here, and kill this demon by ourselves? 
 John: No Sam. I want to stop losing people we love. I want you to go to school, I want Dean to have a home. I want...I want Mary alive. It's just...I just want this to be over. 
 ... 
 EXT. MUDDY BACK ROAD. 
 Sam and John stand at the back of his truck, checking weapons. The Impala comes toward them and Dean gets out. 
 John: You get it? 
 Dean pulls a brown paper bag out of his pocket and hands it to John. John pulls out an antique gun. 
 Dean: You know this is a trap don't you. That's why Meg wants you to come alone? 
 John: I can handle her. I got a whole arsenal loaded. Holy water, Mandaic, amulets... 
 Dean: Dad... 
 John: What? 
 Dean: Promise me something. 
 John: What's that. 
 Dean: This thing goes south just...get the hell out. Don't get yourself killed all right, you're no good to us dead. 
 John: Same goes for you. (There is a long pause) All right listen to me. They made the bullets special for this colt. There's only four of them left. Without them this gun is useless. You make every shot count. 
 Sam: Yes sir. 
 John: Been waiting a long time for this fight. Now it's here I'm not gonna be in it. It's up to you boys now. It's your fight, you finish this. You finish what I started. Understand? 
 John hands Dean the colt. 
 Sam: We'll see you soon Dad. 
 John: I'll see you later. 
 John gets in the truck and leaves. The boys stand watching him pull away. 
 Dean: Later. 
 END ACT TWO 
 ACT THREE  
 EXT. WAREHOUSE. 
 John pulls up in his truck, gets out and checks the antique gun, then takes out rosary beads and a flask of holy water. He starts looking around and sees a tank on the roof. Cut to John jogging along an alley, stopping to check the pipes that run along it's walls and then continuing. 
 ... 
 EXT. MONICA's HOUSE. 
 Sam and Dean sit in the Impala, the Colt between them. They watch through the window as Monica and her husband finish dinner. 
 Sam: Maybe we could tell em it was a gas leak. Might get em out of the house for a few hours. 
 Dean: Yeah and how many times has that actually worked for us? 
 Sam: Yeah. (He things some more) We could always tell em the truth. 
 Dean just looks at Sam for a long moment, one eyebrow raised. 
 TOGETHER 
 Nah! 
 Sam: I know I know. I just...with what's coming for these folks... 
 Dean: Sam we only got one move and you know it, all right? We gotta wait for that demon to show itself and then we get it before it gets them. 
 They both look back at the house for a while. 
 Sam: I wonder how Dad's doing. 
 Dean: I'd feel a lot better if we were there backing him up. 
 Sam: I'd feel a lot better if he were here backing us up. 
 They keep watching the house. 
 ... 
 
 
 
 EXT. WAREHOUSE. 
 John is standing on the roof next to the tank. Meg appears in the foreground. She slowly looks around then up at the water tank. John is not there. She moves inside. Cut to close up of John behind the tank. He checks the coast is clear, then climbs the ladder. He opens the lid, holds the rosary up, speaks in Latin and drops the rosary into the water. 
 ... 
 EXT. MONICA's HOUSE 
 Sam: This is weird. 
 Dean: What? 
 Sam: After all of these years we're finally here. It doesn't seem real. 
 Dean: We just gotta keep our heads and do our job, like always. 
 Sam: Yeah but this isn't like always. 
 Dean: True. 
 Sam: Dean...ah...I wanna thank you. 
 Dean: For what? 
 Sam: For everything. You've always had my back you know? Even when I couldn't count on anyone I could always count on you. And ah...I don't know I just wanted to let you know, Just in case 
 Dean: Whoa whoa whoa, are you kidding me? 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: Don't say just in case something happens to you. I don't wanna hear that freaking speech man. Nobody's dying tonight. Not us, not that family, nobody. Except that demon. That evil son of a bitch ain't getting any older than tonight, you understand me? 
 ... 
 INT. WAREHOUSE. 
 Meg stands in the middle of the room. She hears a creak a turns. John is walking towards her. He stops a few feet away. 
 Meg: John, you made it. Too bad really, I was hoping to kill more of your friends. 
 John: Sorry to disappoint. 
 Meg: I can see where you boys get their good looks. Though I must admit, considering what they say about you I thought you'd be...taller. 
 John just stares at her. 
 Meg: Well aren't you the chatty one. You wanna get to business? Fine. Why don't you just hand over the gun. 
 John: If I give you the gun how do I get out of here? 
 Meg: If you're as good as they say you are I'm sure you'll figure something out. 
 John: Maybe I'll just shoot you. 
 Meg: You wanna shoot me baby? Go ahead. There's more where I came from. 
 Another demon, a guy, walks out of the shadows. 
 John: Who the hells that? 
 Meg: He's not nearly as much fun as I am I can tell you that. So I suggest you give us the gun. 
 John stares at the other demon for a long moment, then back at Meg. 
 Meg: Now! 
 John hands over the gun to Meg, butt first. She checks it out. 
 Meg: This is the colt? 
 John nods. 
 Meg: (Handing the gun to the other demon) What do you think? 
 The other demon looks at it, points it at the ceiling, cocks it...and shoots Meg in the chest. 
 Meg: (stagging back, grabbing at the wound) You shot me! I can't believe you just shot me! 
 Demon: (Looking at John) It's a fake. 
 He throws the gun away. Meg also turns to look at John. 
 END ACT THREE 
 ACT FOUR  
 INT. WAREHOUSE. 
 Meg: You're dead John. Your boys are dead. 
 John: (Backing slowly away) I've never used the gun. How could I know it wouldn't work? 
 Meg: (Advancing) I'm so not in the mood for this. I've just been shot 
 John: Well then I guess you're lucky the gun wasn't real. 
 Meg: That's funny John. We're going to strip the skin from your bones but that was funny. 
 A noise of gas escaping distracts Meg for a split second and John runs into the other room, locking the door and going down a hatch into the alley he was in earlier, lined with pipes. Meg and the other demon kick open the door and follow. John reaches the other end and turns on a tap. Water starts gushing over the floor. The other demon, now in front of Meg, pauses, then continues. As he walks through the water his feet begin steaming and he jumps backwards, yelling. 
 Meg: Holy water John. Real cute. 
 John takes off. 
 ... 
 EXT. MONICA's HOUSE. 
 Dean: (Holding his phone to his ear) Dad's not answering. 
 Sam: Maybe Meg was late. Maybe cell reception's bad. 
 Dean: Yeah well. 
 The radio starts chattering with static. 
 Sam: Dean wait. Listen. 
 Sam rolls the dial on the radio, hearing more static come and go. The wind picks up and the lights in the house flicker. Dean turns to look at Sam. 
 Sam: It's coming. 
 They jump out of the car. 
 ... 
 EXT. WAREHOUSE. 
 John makes it back to his truck to find all the tires slashed. 
 Damn it. 
 He runs around the side of the building. 
 ... 
 Dean uses a card to slide the lock on the front door open and they enter silently. As they approach the lounge, Sam first, Dean is confronted by MONICA's husband. He swings a bat at Dean's head and misses, smashing a lamp. 
 HOLDEN 
 Get out of my house! 
 Dean quickly closes in and grapples with him, grabbing the bat. 
 HOLDEN 
 Get out of my house! 
 Sam: Please please. Mr Holden please. 
 Dean easily takes contol, swinging him against the wall and holding the bat across his throat. 
 Dean: (Sharply) Be quiet and listen to me. Be quiet and listen. We are trying to help you. 
 MONICA 
 (From upstairs) Charlie? Is everything okay? 
 HOLDEN 
 (Yelling) Monica get the baby! 
 Sam: (At the Same time) Don't go in the nursery! 
 HOLDEN 
 You stay away from her! 
 He struggles to get away from Dean. Dean backhands him, knocking him unconcious, and puts him over his shoulder in a fireman's lift. 
 ... 
 UPSTAIRS 
 MONICA, in her nightgown as she was in Sam's vision, pushes the door to the nursery open. A dark figure stands over Rosie's cot. 
 MONICA 
 What are you... 
 The figure raises his hand and MONICA is flung back against the wall. Sam races up the stairs and along the corridor as MONICA slides up the wall and onto the ceiling. He enters the room and the dark figure turns to him , yellow eyes shining. Sam hesitates, frozen and staring. 
 MONICA 
 Rosie! 
 Sam raises the Colt and pulls the trigger. The demon disappears into smoke. MONICA, screaming, falls to the floor. 
 Sam: Where the hell did it go! 
 MONICA 
 My baby! 
 MONICA stands, trying to move toward the cot, and is caught by Sam. 
 MONICA 
 My baby! 
 Sam: No wait! 
 MONICA 
 (Fighting Sam) MY BABY! 
 Dean 
 (running past them to the cot) Take her and go! 
 MONICA 
 Rosie! 
 Sam: Come on. 
 MONICA 
 My baby! 
 Sam: (Forcing her out of the room) Dean's got her. 
 Dean quickly wraps the blankets around the baby and pulls her up as the cot explodes into flame. He races out of the room. 
 ... 
 EXT. WAREHOUSE. 
 John runs down a dead end and stops, looking around and gasping for breath. He grabs for his phone but as he raises it he is flung against the wall, losing his grip on the phone. He hits the wall, groaning in pain. The male demon appears as John begins to slide up the wall and stands in front of him, smiling. 
 ... 
 EXT. MONICA's HOUSE. 
 The nursery window explodes outwards, flames shooting out. The camera pans down to a smoke filled front doorway and MONICA appears, guided by Sam. Both are coughing. HOLDEN staggers up from where he was lying on the grass. 
 HOLDEN 
 You get away from my family. 
 MONICA 
 No Charlie don't. They saved us. 
 Dean runs out to join them, holding the baby. 
 MONICA 
 (Beginning to cry) I mean they saved us. 
 MONICA takes the baby from Dean and her husband puts his arms around both of them. 
 MONICA 
 (to Sam and Dean) Thank you. 
 Devastated, Sam and Dean turn back to the burning house. The demon is silhouetted in the burning nursery, standing completely still. 
 Sam: (Starting back inside) It's still in there! 
 Dean: (Grabbing Sam) Sam. Sam, no. 
 Sam: (Struggling) Dean let me go, it's still in there. 
 Dean: No. It's burning to the ground, it's suicide. 
 Sam: (Yelling) I don't care. 
 Dean: I do! 
 They both look back up as the flames rise again and the demon disappears. 
 END ACT FOUR 
 ACT FIVE  
 INT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Dean paces while holding the phone to his ear, listening to it ring out. Sam sits on the bed. 
 Dean: (Frustrated) Come on Dad, answer your phone damn it. 
 Dean: (Hanging up) Somethings wrong. 
 Sam stares at the wall, giving great bitchface. 
 Dean: You hear me? Somethings wrong. 
 Sam: If you had just let me go in there, I coulda ended all this. 
 Dean: Sam, the only thing you would have ended was your life. 
 Sam: You don't know that. 
 Dean: (walking toward the bed) So what, you're just willing to sacrifice yourself, is that it? 
 Sam: (Standing up) Yeah. Yeah you're damn right I am. 
 Dean: Well that's not going to happen, not as long as I'm around. 
 Sam: What the hell are you talking about Dean, we've been searching for this demon our whole lives. It's the only thing we've ever cared about. 
 Dean: Sam I wanna waste it. I do. Okay? But it's not worth dying over. 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: I mean it. If hunting this demon means getting yourself killed then I hope we never find the damn thing. 
 Sam: That thing killed Jess. That thing killed Mom. 
 Dean: You said yourself once, that no matter what we do, they're gone, and they're never coming back. 
 Sam totally loses it, grabs Dean and shoves him hard against the wall. 
 Sam: (Angry and upset) Don't you say that, not you! Not after all this don't you say that. 
 Dean: (Quietly) Sam look. The three of us...that's all we have...and it's all I have. Sometimes I feel like I'm barely holding it together man...and without you or Dad... 
 Sam: (Upset) Dad. 
 Sam lets go and turns away, walking across the room. Dean stays where he is, taking deep breaths. 
 Sam: (Tears in his eyes) He should have called by now. Try him again. 
 Dean raises his phone. 
 ... 
 INT. UNKNOWN 
 John's phone sits on a bench, ringing. Meg wanders over and picks it up. She looks at the screen, smiles to herself and answers. 
 Meg: You boys really screwed up this time. 
 Dean: (Angry) Where is he. 
 Meg: You're never going to see your father again. 
 ...TO BE CONTINUED... 
 END ACT FIVE 
 END EPISODE 
 TRANSCRIBED BY TMATEOTB 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 