Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Dead in the Water - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Dead in the Water https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6563 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/29/05 09:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Dead in the Water 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.03 Dead in the Water 
 Air Date: 27 Sep 2005 
 THEN 
 Dean (V.O): Previously on  Supernatural[i]... 
 The Winchesters' suburban home. 
 W HAT  H APPENED 
 HAT  N IGHT 
 Mary runs up the stairs and into Sam's nursery. 
 John gives baby Sam to Dean. 
 John: Take your brother outside as fast as you can! Now, Dean, go! 
 Dean runs downstairs with Sam. John looks back. 
 W HAT  T HEY 
 &#160;&#160;W ITNESSED 
 Mary burns on the ceiling. 
 John: Mary! No! 
 John watches the nursery burn, Mary with it. 
 S ENT  T WO 
 &#160;&#160;&#160;B ROTHERS 
 On Sylvania Bridge, Dean and Sam turn to face the onlookers. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: Dad's on a hunting trip. 
 Outside Constance's house, Dean fires through the Impala's window at Constance. 
 In Sam's bedroom, Sam pulls out his curved knife. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: And he hasn't been home in a few days. 
 O N  A Q UEST 
 &#160;&#160;F OR  A NSWERS 
 22 Y EARS  L ATER 
 In the stairwell from Sam's apartment, Sam speaks to Dean. 
 Sam: I swore I was done hunting. 
 In the Impala, Constance tries to rip Sam's heart out. 
 Dean: I can't do this alone. 
 Blood drips on Sam's forehead and he flinches, opens his eyes, and gasps in horror. Jess is pinned to the ceiling, bleeding. 
 Sam: No! 
 Sam finishes loading a shotgun and tosses it in the Impala's trunk. 
 Sam: We've got work to do. 
 In the Jericho county Sheriff's office, the Sheriff throws down John's journal. 
 This is Dad's single- 
 Dean: -most valuable possession-everything he knows about every evil thing is in here. And he's passed it on to us. I think he wants us to- 
 -pick up where he left off. 
 Hunting things. 
 Dean: The family business. 
 Sam: No. I gotta find Jessica's killer. 
 It's the only thing I can think about. 
 Dean: Sam, you know we're gonna find Dad, right? 
 Sam nods. 
 Sam: Yeah. I know. 
 NOW 
 Lake Manitoc, Wisconsin 
 [i]EXT. CARLTON HOUSE - DAY INT. CARLTON HOUSE - DAY WILL CARLTON sits on the kitchen counter eating cereal, BILL CARLTON at the table reading the newspaper. SOPHIE CARLTON comes through the room. SOPHIE kisses her father on the cheek. SOPHIE Morning, Daddy. BILL Morning, sweetheart. SOPHIE goes to get something out of the refrigerator. WILL All these workouts, Soph, I don't know. Guys don't like buff girls. SOPHIE Yeah, well, girls don't like guys who still live at home. WILL drains the milk from his cereal bowl and slides off the counter. WILL Ha ha ha. SOPHIE Ha ha. SOPHIE opens the door to leave. BILL Be careful. SOPHIE I will. SOPHIE closes the door. EXT. LAKE - DAY SOPHIE stands on the dock, looking at the lake. WILL watches from a distance as she dives in. She swims and comes up for air, looking around; she sees no one. She keeps swimming. She comes up for air again and looks around some more; still no one. SOMEONE approaches her from underwater and pulls her under. Bubbles. Nothing. ACT ONE RESTAURANT EXT. MOTEL - DAY A truck goes past a neon sign that says Hotel, behind a building that says  THE   Lynnwood[i]INN. The Impala is parked in front. [i]INT. RESTAURANT - DAY There is a mostly empty plate in front of Dean, who is circling obituaries in a newspaper. Starring JARED PADALECKI JENSEN ACKLES Dean circles an obituary that reads: CARLTON, SOPHIE -The Carlton family is sad to announce the death of their beloved daughter in a tragic swimming accident. Sophie Carlton, 18, was having her [...]Lake Manitoc WI, an [...]suddenly [...] An attractive Waitress, whose nametag says WENDY, approaches. WENDY Can I get you anything else? Dean looks up and grins around the pen he's chewing on. Sam comes over and sits down. Sam: Just the check, please. WENDY Okay. WENDY walks away. Dean drops his head, then looks at Sam. Dean: You know, Sam, we are allowed to have fun once in a while. Dean points to WENDY walking away; she's wearing short shorts. Dean: That's fun. Sam looks at him. Dean hands Sam the newspaper. Dean: Here, take a look at this, I think I got one. Lake Manitoc, Wisconsin. Last week Sophie Carlton, eighteen, walks into the lake, doesn't walk out. Authorities dragged the water; nothing. Sophie Carlton is the third Lake Manitoc drowning this year. None of the other bodies were found either. They had a funeral two days ago. Sam: A funeral? Dean: Yeah, it's weird, they buried an empty coffin. For, uh, closure or whatever. Guest Starring Amy ACKER Sam: Closure? What closure? People don't just disappear, Dean. Other people just stop looking for them. DANIEL HUGH KELLY Dean: Something you want to say to me? Sam: The trail for Dad. It's getting colder every day. Dean: Exactly. So what are we supposed to do? Sam: I don't know. Something. Anything. Dean: You know what? I'm sick of this attitude. You don't think I wanna find Dad as much as you do? Sam: Yeah, I know you do, it's just- Dean: I'm the one that's been with him every single day for the past two years, while you've been off to college going to pep rallies. We will find Dad, but until then, we're gonna kill everything bad between here and there. Okay? Sam rolls his eyes. WENDY walks by, distracting Dean. Supervising Producer PHIL SGRICCIA Sam: All right, Lake Manitoc. Hey! Dean returns his attention to Sam. Dean: Huh? Sam: How far? LAKE MANITOC "Round and Round" by Ratt begins to play. EXT. ROAD - DAY The Impala passes a clothesline with white sheets. EXT. BRIDGE - DAY The Impala crosses a bridge and passes someone fishing off Same. EXT. ROAD - DAY Music: Round and round With love we'll find a way Just give it time The Impala drives past a sign that reads "Welcome to Lake Manitoc WI." Producer PETER JohnSON EXT. CARLTON HOUSE - DAY The Impala pulls up in front of the Carlton house. Co-Executive Producer RICHARD HATEM Music: Round and round Co-Executive Producer John SHIBAN The Impala's engine stops. Executive Producer McG Dean knocks on the door. WILL CARLTON opens it. Dean: Will Carlton? WILL Yeah, that's right. Dean: I'm Agent Ford. This is Agent Hamill. Produced by CYRUS YAVNEH Dean: We're with the US Wildlife Service. Dean holds up an ID. EXT. LAKE - DAY BILL CARLTON is sitting on a bench on the dock. WILL brings Sam and Dean around to see him. Created by ERIC KRIPKE WILL She was about a hundred yards out. Written by SERA GAMBLE &amp; RAELLE TUCKER WILL That's where she got dragged down. Dean: And you're sure she didn't just drown? WILL Yeah. She was a varsity swimmer. Directed by KIM MANNERS WILL She practically grew up in that lake. She was as safe out there as she was in her own bathtub. Sam: So no splashing? No signs of distress? WILL No, that's what I'm telling you. Sam: Did you see any shadows in the water? Maybe some dark shape breach the surface? WILL No. Again, she was really far out there. Dean: You ever see any strange tracks by the shoreline? WILL No, never. Why? Why, what do you think's out there? Dean: We'll let you know as soon as we do. Dean heads back to the car. Sam: What about your father? Dean stops and turns back. Sam: Can we talk to him? WILL turns to look at BILL, then turns back. WILL Look, if you don't mind, I mean...he didn't see anything and he's kind of been through a lot. Sam: We understand. Sam and Dean go to the car. Police STATION INT. Police STATION - DAY Sheriff Jake DEVINS talks to Sam and Dean. Jake: Now, I'm sorry, but why does the Wildlife Service care about an accidental drowning? Sam: You sure it's accidental? Will Carlton saw something grab his sister. Jake: Like what? They walk into Jake's office. Jake motions to chairs in front of his desk. Jake: Here, sit, please. There are no indigenous carnivores in that lake. Sam and Dean sit. Jake: There's nothing even big enough to pull down a person, unless it was the Loch Ness Monster. Dean: Yeah. He laughs. Dean: Right. Sam glances at Dean. Jake: Will Carlton was traumatized, and sometimes the mind plays tricks. Still- Jake sits down. Jake: We dragged that entire lake. We even ran a sonar sweep, just to be sure, and there was nothing down there. Dean: That's weird, though, I mean, that's, that's the third missing body this year. Jake: I know. These are people from my town. These are people I care about. Dean: I know. Jake: Anyway... Jake sighs. Jake: All this...it won't be a problem much longer. Dean: What do you mean? Jake: Well, the dam, of course. Dean: Of course, the dam. It's, uh, it sprung a leak. Jake: It's falling apart, and the feds won't give us the grant to repair it, so they've opened the spillway. In another six months, there won't be much of a lake. There won't be much of a town, either. But as Federal Wildlife, you already knew that. Dean: Exactly. A Young Woman, ANDREA BARR, taps on the door. ANDREA Sorry, am I interrupting? Sam and Dean stand up. ANDREA I can come back later. Jake: Gentlemen, this is my daughter. Dean: It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Dean. Dean shakes ANDREA's hand. ANDREA Andrea Barr. Hi. Dean: Hi. Jake: They're from the Wildlife Service. About the lake. ANDREA Oh. A Boy, LUCAS BARR, walks in around ANDREA. Dean: Oh, hey there. What's your name? LUCAS walks away without speaking. ANDREA follows. Jake: His name is Lucas. LUCAS and ANDREA are in the main room. ANDREA gives him some crayons out of a box. Sam: Is he okay? Jake: My grandson's been through a lot. We all have. Jake stands and goes to the office door. Jake: Well, if there's anything else I can do for you, please let me know. Dean, Sam, and Jake leave the office. Dean: Thanks. You know, now that you mentioned it, could you point us in the direction of a reasonably priced motel? ANDREA Lakefront Motel. Go around the corner. It's about two blocks south. Dean: Two-would you mind showing us? ANDREA laughs. ANDREA You want me to walk you two blocks? Dean: Not if it's any trouble. ANDREA I'm headed that way anyway. ANDREA turns to Jake. ANDREA I'll be back to pick up Lucas at three. ANDREA turns to LUCAS. ANDREA We'll go to the park, okay, sweetie? ANDREA kisses LUCAS on the head. Dean waves as they leave. Jake nods. Sam: Thanks again. STREET EXT. STREET - DAY ANDREA leads Dean and Sam along the street. Dean: So, cute kid. ANDREA Thanks. They cross a street. Dean: Kids are the best, huh? ANDREA glances at him and ignores him. They keep walking. They stop in front of a building that says  LAKEFRONT  MOTEL. ANDREA There it is. Like I said, two blocks. Sam: Thanks. ANDREA addresses Dean. ANDREA Must be hard, with your sense of direction, never being able to find your way to a decent pickup line. ANDREA leaves, calling back over her shoulder. ANDREA Enjoy your stay! Sam: 'Kids are the best'? You don't even like kids. Dean: I love kids. Sam: Name three children that you even know. Dean thinks and comes up empty. Sam waves a hand and walks into the motel. Dean scratches his head. Dean: I'm thinking! MOTEL INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY Sam is working on his laptop. Dean is going through his clothing. Sam: So there's the three drowning victims this year. Dean: Any before that? Sam: Uh, yeah. Sam has a browser window open to  The Lake Manitoc Tribune[i].  DROWNING TAINTS ICE FISHING FESTIVAL . He clicks, and another browser window comes up, again the [i]Tribune[i]:  12-YEAR-OLD Girl DROWNS IN LAKE ,  Second drowning in 6 months at Lake Manitoc Sam: Six more spread out over the past thirty-five years. Those bodies were never recovered either. If there is something out there, it's picking up its pace. Dean tosses an item of clothing onto a bed. Dean: So, what, we got a lake monster on a binge? Sam: This whole lake monster theory, it, it just bugs me. Dean comes over to read over Sam's shoulder. Dean: Why? Sam: Loch Ness, uh, Lake Champlain, there are literally hundreds of eyewitness accounts, but here, almost nothing. Sam looks at the [i]Tribune[i]homepage. Sam: Whatever it is out there, no one's living to talk about it. Sam scrolls to the comments section of an article. Dean points at it. Dean: Wait, Barr, Christopher Barr. Where have I heard that name before? Sam reads from the page. Sam: Christopher Barr, the victim in May. Sam clicks a link, opening a new page.  LOCAL Man IN TRAGIC ACCIDENT . The picture loads: it shows a police officer with LUCAS. Sam: Oh. Christopher Barr was Andrea's husband, Lucas's father. Apparently he took Lucas out swimming. Lucas was on a floating wooden platform when Chris drowned. Two hours before the kid got rescued. Sam clicks the picture for a better look, then scratches his head. Sam: Maybe we have an eyewitness after all. Dean: No wonder that kid was so freaked out. Watching one of your parents die isn't something you just get over. PARK [i]EXT. PARK - DAY Kids are laughing and playing. ANDREA sits on a bench and watches LUCAS, who is at another bench coloring and playing with toy soldiers. Sam (V.O): Can we join you? ANDREA looks up. Sam and Dean are there. ANDREA I'm here with my son. Dean looks over at LUCAS. Dean: Oh. Mind if I say hi? Dean goes over to LUCAS. ANDREA Tell your friend this whole  Jerry Maguire[i]thing is not gonna work on me. Sam sits next to ANDREA. Sam: I don't think that's what this is about. Dean approaches LUCAS. Dean: How's it going? Dean kneels down next to the bench where LUCAS is coloring; when LUCAS doesn't even look up, Dean picks up one of the toy soldiers. Dean: Oh, I used to love these things. Dean imitates guns and explosions, then tosses the toy soldier down. Dean: So crayons is more your thing? That's cool. Chicks dig artists. LUCAS has a pile of drawings on the bench. Dean takes a look. The top one is of a big black swirl; the second one is of a red bicycle. Dean: Hey, these are pretty good. You mind if I sit and draw with you for a while? Dean picks up a crayon. Dean: I'm not so bad myself. Dean sits on the bench, picks up a pad of paper, and starts drawing. Dean: You know, I'm thinking you can hear me, you just don't want to talk. I don't know exactly what happened to your dad, but I know it was something real bad. I think I know how you feel. When I was your age, I saw something. A pause. Dean: Anyway. Well, maybe you don't think anyone will listen to you, or, uh...or believe you. I want you to know that I will. You don't even have to say anything. You could draw me a picture about what you saw that day, with your dad, on the lake. Okay, no problem. This is for you. Dean holds out to LUCAS the picture he drew. It's stick figures. Dean: This is my family. Dean points at each person in turn. Dean: That's my dad. That's my mom. That's my geek brother, and that's me. A pause. Dean: All right, so I'm a sucky artist. I'll see you around, Lucas. Dean heads back to Sam and ANDREA. LUCAS picks up the picture. Dean approaches ANDREA and Sam. ANDREA Lucas hasn't said a word, not even to me. Not since his dad's accident. Dean: Yeah, we heard. Sorry. ANDREA nods. Sam: What are the Doctors saying? ANDREA That it's a kind of post-traumatic stress. Sam: That can't be easy. For either of you. ANDREA We moved in with my dad. He helps out a lot. It's just...when I think about what Lucas went through, what he saw... A pause. Dean: Kids are strong. You'd be surprised what they can deal with. LUCAS leaves the bench, heading for the group. ANDREA You know, he used to have such life. He was hard to keep up with, to tell you the truth. Now he just sits there. Drawing those pictures, playing with those army men. I just wish- LUCAS walks up, carrying a picture. ANDREA Hey sweetie. LUCAS hands Dean the picture. Dean: Thanks. Thanks, Lucas. It's a picture of the Carlton house. LUCAS heads back to the bench. CARLTON HOUSE [i]INT. CARLTON HOUSE - DAY BILL is sitting in a chair, doing nothing. WILL approaches. WILL Hey, Dad? You, you should probably eat something. I'm gonna make some dinner, okay? BILL says nothing and turns his head away. INT. KITCHEN - DAY WILL washes a fish at the sink. He does not turn the water off when he begins cutting up the fish. The water turns brown. WILL notices and shuts off the water. Black water comes up through the drain and fills the sink. WILL rolls up his sleeve to pull the plug out of the drain. He comes up with the plug, but the water doesn't drain. He sticks his arm back in the water, and something grabs it, pulling him into the sink. He drowns. The water drains. ACT TWO MOTEL INT. MOTEL - DAY Dean is inside the motel room sitting on a bed. Sam opens the door and comes in. Sam: So, I think it's safe to say we can rule out Nessie. Dean: What do you mean? Sam sits next to Dean. Sam: I just drove past the Carlton house. There was an ambulance there. Will Carlton is dead. Dean: He drowned? Sam: Yep. In the sink. Dean: What the hell? So you're right, this isn't a creature. We're dealing with something else. Sam: Yeah, but what? Dean: I don't know. Water wraith, maybe? Some kind of demon? I mean, something that controls water...water that comes from the Same source. Sam: The lake. Dean: Yeah. Sam: Which would explain why it's upping the body count. The lake is draining. It'll be dry in a few months. Whatever this thing is, whatever it wants, it's running out of time. Dean: And if it can get through the pipes, it can get to anyone, almost anywhere. Dean stands up. Dean: This is gonna happen again soon. Dean sits down on a chair. Sam: And we do know one other thing for sure. We know this has got something to do with Bill Carlton. Dean: Yeah, it took both his kids. Sam: And I've been asking around. Lucas's dad, Chris-Bill Carlton's godson. Dean: Let's go pay Mr. Carlton a visit. LAKE EXT. LAKE - DAY BILL CARLTON is sitting on the bench on the dock. Sam (V.O): Mr. Carlton? BILL looks up. Sam and Dean approach. Sam: We'd like to ask you a few questions, if you don't mind. Dean: We're from the, the Department- BILL I don't care who you're with. I've answered enough questions today. Sam: Your son said he saw something in that lake. What about you? You ever see anything out there? Mr. Carlton, Sophie's drowning and Will's death-we think there might be a connection to you or your family. BILL My children are gone. It's...it's worse than dying. Go away. Please. Sam and Dean head back to the car. Sam: What do you think? Dean: Aw, I think the poor guy's been through hell. I also think he's not telling us something. Sam leans on the Impala. Sam: So now what? Dean goes still. Sam: What is it? Dean: Huh. Dean is looking at the Carlton house. Dean: Maybe Bill's not the only one who knows something. Dean pulls out the picture LUCAS brought him, which is of the Carlton house. Dean looks at Sam. DEVINS/BARR HOUSE ANDREA (V.O): I'm sorry, but I don't think it's a good idea. Dean (V.O): I just need to talk to him. INT. HOUSE - DAY Sam and Dean are inside ANDREA's house, talking to her. Dean: Just for a few minutes. ANDREA He won't say anything. What good's it gonna do? Sam: Andrea, we think more people might get hurt. We think something's happening out there. ANDREA My husband, the others, they just drowned. That's all. Dean: If that's what you really believe, then we'll go. But if you think there's even a possibility that something else could be going on here, please let me talk to your son. INT. LUCAS's BEDROOM - DAY LUCAS is coloring, toy soldiers standing around him. Dean, ANDREA, and Sam approach the doorway. Dean enters and crouches down by LUCAS. Dean: Hey, Lucas. You remember me? LUCAS has drawn two more pictures of a red bicycle. Dean: You know, I, uh, I wanted to thank you for that last drawing. But the thing is, I need your help again. LUCAS is drawing a person in water. Dean opens the house picture and puts it down in front of LUCAS. Dean: How did you know to draw this? Did you know something bad was gonna happen? Maybe you could nod yes or no for me. LUCAS keeps coloring. Dean: You're scared. It's okay. I understand. See, when I was your age, I saw something real bad happen to my mom, and I was scared, too. I didn't feel like talking, just like you. But see, my mom-I know she wanted me to be brave. I think about that every day. And I do my best to be brave. And maybe, your dad wants you to be brave too. LUCAS drops his crayon and looks up at Dean. He hands Dean a picture of a white church, a yellow house, and a boy with a blue baseball cap and red bicycle in front of a wooden fence. Dean: Thanks, Lucas. Billy Squier's "Too Daze Gone" starts to play. Music: Walking through the streets just the other day CAR INT. Impala - DAY Dean and Sam are in the Impala, Sam holding the church picture. Music: Movin' Dean: Andrea said the kid never drew like that till his dad died. Sam: There are cases-going through a traumatic experience could make people more sensitive to premonitions, psychic tendencies. Dean: Whatever's out there, what if Lucas is tapping into it somehow? I mean, it's only a matter of time before somebody else drowns, so if you got a better lead, please. Sam: All right, we got another house to find. Dean: The only problem is there's about a thousand yellow two-stories in this county alone. Sam looks at the picture. Sam: See this church? I bet there's less than a thousand of those around here. Dean: Oh, college boy thinks he's so smart. Music: Too daze gone I'm broke down, insufferable My mind is on the blink Sam: You know, um... Music: It's later than you think Sam: What you said about Mom... Music: And I'm too daze gone Sam: You never told me that before. Dean: It's no big deal. Music: Went to see a friend just the other day Dean: Oh God, we're not gonna have to hug or anything, are we? Music: Movin' SWEENEY HOUSE EXT. CHURCH - DAY Sam and Dean approach a white church shaped like the one in LUCAS's picture. Dean holds up the picture and looks at it, comparing it to the scene in front of him; there's a yellow house next to the church and a wooden fence near the house. Sam looks at Dean. They both look up at the church and cross the street to the house. Dean (V.O): We're sorry to bother you, ma'am- INT. SWEENEY HOUSE - DAY Dean and Sam are inside the house, speaking to an Old Woman, Mrs. SWEENEY. Dean: -but does a little boy live here, by chance? He might wear a blue ball cap, has a red bicycle. SWEENEY No sir. Not for a very long time. Peter's been gone for thirty-five years now. There's a picture of PETER on the side table. SWEENEY sighs. SWEENEY The police never- I[i]never had any idea what happened. He just disappeared. Sam points out to Dean a number of toy soldiers on a table. SWEENEY Losing him-you know, it's...it's worse than dying. Dean glances at Sam. Dean: Did he disappear from here? I mean, from this house? SWEENEY He was supposed to ride his bike straight home after school, and he never showed up. Dean picks a picture off the mirror. There are two boys in the picture, one PETER with a bicycle. Dean reads from the back of the picture. Dean: Peter Sweeney and Billy Carlton, nineteen seventy. LAKE [i]EXT. LAKE - DAY BILL is sitting on the bench on the dock, talking to himself, or to the lake. BILL You've taken everything, everyone. I've got nothing left. I didn't understand. I didn't believe. Now I think I do. I think I finally know what you want. Impala INT. Impala - DAY Dean and Sam are driving. Sam: Okay, this little boy Peter Sweeney vanishes, and this is all connected to Bill Carlton somehow. Dean: Yeah, Bill sure as hell seems to be hiding something, huh? Sam: And Bill, the people he loves, they're all getting punished. Dean: So what if Bill did something to Peter? Sam: What if Bill killed him? Dean: Peter's spirit would be furious. It'd want revenge. It's possible. EXT. CARLTON HOUSE - DAY The Impala pulls up in front of the Carlton house. Sam and Dean approach the house. Sam: Mr. Carlton? An engine roars. EXT. LAKE - DAY Sam and Dean go around the house to see BILL going out on the lake in his boat. Dean: Hey, check it out. Sam and Dean run to the end of the dock, yelling. Dean: Mr. Carlton! You need to come back! Come out of the water! Turn the boat around! Sam: Mr. Carlton! BILL ignores them and keeps going. The water rises up and flips BILL's boat over. It and he vanish. 
 
 ACT THREE Police STATION INT. Police STATION - DAY LUCAS is sitting in a chair, rocking back and forth. ANDREA is sitting next to him, holding a paper bag and a plastic container. ANDREA Baby, what's wrong? Sam, Dean, and Jake DEVINS walk in the door. ANDREA looks over. ANDREA Sam, Dean. ANDREA stands up, putting the bag and container on her chair. ANDREA I didn't expect to see you here. Jake: So now you're on a first-name basis. What are you doing here? ANDREA I brought you dinner. Jake: I'm sorry, sweetheart, I don't really have the time. ANDREA I heard about Bill Carlton. Is it true? Is something going on with the lake? Jake: Right now we don't know what the truth is. But I think it might be better if you and Lucas went on home. LUCAS looks up and whines, looking stricken; he jumps up and grabs Dean's arm. Dean: Lucas, hey, what is it? Dean: Lucas. ANDREA Lucas. Dean: Lucas, it's okay. It's okay. Hey, Lucas, it's okay. It's okay. ANDREA pulls LUCAS away from Dean and leads him outside. LUCAS doesn't look away from Dean. Jake throws down his jacket and goes into his office. Sam and Dean follow. Jake: Okay, just so I'm clear, you see...something attack Bill's boat, sending Bill-who is a very good swimmer, by the way-into the drink, and you never see him again? Dean glances at Sam. Dean: Yeah, that about sums it up. Jake: And I'm supposed to believe this, even though I've already sonar-swept that entire lake? And what you're describing is impossible? And you're not really Wildlife Service? Dean looks surprised. Jake: That's right, I checked. Department's never heard of you two. Dean: See, now, we can explain that. Jake: Enough. Please. The only reason you're breathing free air is one of Bill's neighbors saw him steering out that boat just before you did. So, we have a couple of options here. I can arrest you for impersonating government officials and hold you as material witnesses to Bill Carlton's disappearance. Or, we can chalk this all up to a bad day, you get into your car, you put this town in your rearview mirror, and you don't ever darken my doorstep again. Sam: Door number two sounds good. Jake: That's the one I'd pick. DEVINS/BARR HOUSE INT. LUCAS's BEDROOM - NIGHT LUCAS is in his room with the toy soldiers, drawing another black spiral. ANDREA walks by his door in a robe. ANDREA Baby, what are you doing up? Come on. Let's go to bed. ANDREA picks LUCAS up. Impala INT. Impala - NIGHT Dean and Sam are in the Impala, waiting at a traffic light. A sign says I-43 North to Milwaukee is to the left. The light turns green. The Impala doesn't move. Sam: Green. Dean: What? Sam: Light's green. Dean turns right. Sam: Uh, the interstate's the other way. Dean: I know. INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT ANDREA is in the bathroom. She plugs the drain of her tub and turns the water on. INT. Impala - NIGHT Sam and Dean are in the car. Sam: But Dean, this job, I think it's over. Dean: I'm not so sure. Sam: If Bill murdered Peter Sweeney and Peter's spirit got its revenge, case closed. The spirit should be at rest. Dean: All right, so what if we take off and this thing isn't done? You know, what if we've missed something? What if more people get hurt? Sam: But why would you think that? Dean: Because Lucas was really scared. Sam: That's what this is about? Dean: I just don't want to leave this town until I know the kid's okay. Sam: Who are you? And what have you done with my brother? Dean glances at Sam. Dean: Shut up. DEVINS/BARR HOUSE INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT The bathtub is mostly full and ANDREA tests the water with one hand. She takes off her robe and gets in the water. She leans back, grabs a washcloth, and closes her eyes. The water coming out of the faucet turns brown. ANDREA starts washing herself with the cloth, then opens her eyes. The water is entirely brown now. She screams and tries to get out of the tub, but something drags her down. INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT LUCAS pounds on the bathroom door. INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT ANDREA's head is pulled under the water. She pulls it out. She is pulled under again; lather, rinse, repeat. LUCAS keeps pounding. ANDREA is invisible under the water. EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT Sam and Dean have arrived. Sam: Are you sure about this? It's pretty late. Dean rings the doorbell. At that moment, LUCAS opens the door, desperately afraid. Dean: Lucas? Lucas! LUCAS takes off. Dean and Sam follow him to:  INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT Water is pouring out from under the bathroom door and down the stairs. LUCAS starts pounding on the bathroom door again. Dean pushes him over to Sam and kicks in the door. LUCAS grabs Dean, so Sam runs into the bathroom and sticks his arms in the tub, trying to pull ANDREA out. She is pulled back under, but Sam keeps pulling until ANDREA is all the way out. She starts coughing up water. ACT FOUR DEVINS/BARR HOUSE INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY Dawn is breaking. Sam and ANDREA sit in the living room. ANDREA is dry and wearing comfortable clothing. Sam: Can you tell me? ANDREA No. Dean is looking through notebooks on bookshelves. ANDREA It doesn't make any sense. ANDREA starts crying. ANDREA I'm going crazy. She puts her face in her hands. Sam: No, you're not. Tell me what happened. Everything. ANDREA I heard...I thought I heard...there was this voice. Sam: What did it say? ANDREA It said...it said 'come play with me'. ANDREA sobs. ANDREA What's happening? Dean pulls out a scrapbook that says "Jake - 12 years old" and opens it, flipping pages. He closes it again and goes to Sam and ANDREA; he puts the book down in front of ANDREA, open to a picture of Explorer Troop 37. Dean: Do you recognize the kids in these pictures? ANDREA What? Um, um, no. I mean, except that's my dad right there. He must have been about twelve in these pictures. She moves her finger over to another picture of Jake as a child; he is standing next to PETER. Dean looks at Sam. Dean: Chris Barr's drowning. The connection wasn't to Bill Carlton. It must have been to the Sheriff. Sam: Bill  and[i]the Sheriff-they were both involved with Peter. ANDREA What about Chris? My dad-what are you talking about? Dean looks sideways. Dean: Lucas? LUCAS is staring out the window. Dean: Lucas, what is it? LUCAS opens the door and walks outside. Everyone follows. ANDREA Lucas, honey? LUCAS stops and looks at the ground, then at Dean. Dean: You and Lucas get back to the house and stay there, okay? ANDREA pulls LUCAS back to the house. Dean and Sam presumably fetch shovels from the Impala, before they start digging. Sam's shovel clanks against something. They dig with their hands and pull out a red bicycle. Sam: Peter's bike. Jake: Who are you? Sam and Dean turn around; Jake is there, pointing a gun at them. Sam: Put the gun down, Jake. Sam and Dean drop the shovels. Jake: How did you know that was there? Dean: What happened? You and Bill killed Peter, drowned him in the lake and then buried the bike? You can't bury the truth, Jake. Nothing stays buried. ANDREA sees Jake with the gun aimed at Sam and Dean. She talks to LUCAS. ANDREA Go to your room, sweetie. Now. Lock the door and wait for me. Don't come out. LUCAS runs off. ANDREA goes outside. Jake: I don't know what the hell you're talking about. Dean: You and Bill killed Peter Sweeney thirty-five years ago. That's what the hell I'm talking about. ANDREA runs up. ANDREA Dad! Dean: And now you got one seriously pissed-off spirit. Sam: It's gonna take Andrea, Lucas, everyone you love. It's gonna drown them. And it's gonna drag their bodies God knows where, so you can feel the Same pain Peter's mom felt. And then, after that, it's gonna take you, and it's not gonna stop until it does. Jake: Yeah, and how do you know that? Sam: Because that's exactly what it did to Bill Carlton. Jake: Listen to yourselves, both of you. You're insane. Dean: I don't really give a rat's ass what you think of us. But if we're gonna bring down this spirit, we need to find the remains, salt them, and burn them into dust. Now tell me you buried Peter somewhere. Tell me you didn't just let him go in the lake. LUCAS didn't go to his room; he's outside watching. PETER Come play with me. LUCAS follows the voice. ANDREA Dad, is any of this true? Jake: No. Don't listen to them. They're liars and they're dangerous. ANDREA Something tried to drown me. Chris died on that lake. Dad, look at me. Jake does. ANDREA Tell me you-you didn't kill anyone. Jake looks away. ANDREA Oh my God. Jake: Billy and I were at the lake. Peter was the smallest one. We always bullied him, but this time, it got rough. We were holding his head under the water. We didn't mean to. But we held him under too long and he drowned. We let the body go, and it sank. Dean glances at Sam. Jake: Oh, Andrea, we were kids. We were so scared. It was a mistake. But, Andrea, to say that I have anything to do with these drownings, with Chris, because of some ghost? It's not rational. Dean: All right, listen to me, all of you. We need to get you away from this lake, as far as we can, right now. ANDREA turns her head and spots LUCAS going down to the lake. She gasps. Jake: Lucas! They all run up to the dock. LUCAS is leaning over the side, reaching for a toy soldier in the water. PETER Come play with me. Dean: Lucas! ANDREA Lucas! Baby, stay where you are! A hand comes up and pulls LUCAS into the water. The adults have reached the edge of the lake. Jake stops. PETER's head is visible; Jake recognizes him. Dean and Sam keep running to the end of the dock and dive in. ANDREA Oh my God! She takes off her jacket to jump in. Sam: Andrea, stay there! ANDREA No! Lucas! Sam: We'll get him! Just stay on the dock! Sam dives under again. Dean comes up. A minute later, so does Sam. Dean: Sam? Sam shakes his head. ANDREA Lucas, where are you? Jake takes off his jacket as Sam and Dean dive back down. Jake wades in. ANDREA looks over. Jake: Peter, if you can hear me...please, Peter, I'm sorry. I'm so-I'm so sorry. ANDREA Daddy, no! Jake: Peter. Lucas-he's, he's just a little boy. Please, it's not his fault, it's mine. Please take me. Dean and Sam come up for air. Dean: Jake, no! PETER surfaces. Jake: Just let it be over! Jake is dragged down. ANDREA Daddy! Daddy! No! Dean and Sam dive down again. ANDREA No! Sam comes up, shaking his head. ANDREA mouths 'no!' Dean comes up, holding LUCAS, who isn't moving. EPILOGUE [i]EXT. STREET - DAY Dean and Sam walk out of the motel. Dean opens the car door and Sam tosses a duffel in. Sam: Look, we're not gonna save everybody. Dean: I know. ANDREA Sam, Dean. ANDREA walks up with LUCAS. Dean: Hey. ANDREA We're glad we caught you. We just, um, we made you lunch for the road. LUCAS is carrying a tray of sandwiches. ANDREA Lucas insisted on making the sandwiches himself. LUCAS Can I give it to them now? ANDREA Of course. ANDREA smiles and kisses LUCAS's head. Dean: Come on, Lucas, let's load this into the car. Sam: How you holding up? ANDREA It's just gonna take a long time to sort through everything, you know? Sam sighs. Sam: Andrea, I'm sorry. ANDREA shakes her head. ANDREA You saved my son. I can't ask for more than that. Dad loved me. He loved Lucas. No matter what he did, I just have to hold on to that. Dean puts the sandwiches in the car. Dean: All right, if you're gonna be talking now, this is a very important phrase, so I want you to repeat it one more time. LUCAS Zeppelin rules! Dean: That's right. Up high. Dean holds his hand up for a high-five. LUCAS obliges, grinning. Dean: You take care of your mom, okay? LUCAS All right. ANDREA comes up and kisses Dean. ANDREA Thank you. Dean thinks a minute, then scratches his head and goes around the car. Dean: Sam, move your ass. We're gonna run out of daylight before we hit the road. Dean gets in the car, then Sam. Bad Company's "Movin' On" starts to play when Dean starts the engine. Music: I got to move on and I never seem to slow down Sam and Dean smile at ANDREA and LUCAS waving goodbye. Music: Yeah yeah yeah, I'm moving on, moving on from town to town Sam and Dean drive away. EXT. ROAD - DAY Music: Yeah yeah yeah, I never seem to slow down The Impala drives on. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 