Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Hookman - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Hookman https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6567 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/27/05 16:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Hookman 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.07 Hookman 
 Air Date: 25 Oct 2005 
 (INT. – College Dorm Room) 
 Taylor: Don't do anything I wouldn't do. 
 LORI: There's nothing you wouldn't do. (She leaves) 
 Taylor: (smiling to herself) That's true. 
 (CUT TO: 9 Mile Road. LORI's boyfriend's car pulls up. Standing behind the trees, there is a tall figure with a hook.) 
 LORI: I thought we were going to the party. 
 RICH: Well, we can't arrive on time. 
 (CUT TO: INT. – RICH's car) 
 LORI: You know, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you brought me here on purpose. 
 RICH: (feigning shock) What? I'm offended. 
 LORI: (sarcastically) Yeah, I'm sure. (They smile and begin to kiss. LORI's cell phone rings and they reluctantly break away. The caller ID says "Dad Calling".) 
 RICH: You wanna get that? 
 LORI: Definitely not. (She shuts the ringer off. They resume kissing, and RICH put his hand under LORI's halter strap. She pulls away and moves his hand.) No. 
 RICH: It's ok. (LORI looks uncomfortable. Outside, the figure with the hook is moving slowly out from the trees. Back inside the car, RICH begins kissing LORI's neck and puts his hand back under her strap. She looks even more uncomfortable and pulls away.) 
 LORI: Hey, I mean it. (They hear a loud screeching noise. Outside, the man is dragging his hook along a Dead End sign.) 
 LORI: (looking around) What was that? 
 RICH: I don't know. (They hear the Same sound. The man is shown dragging his hook along a sign that says 9 Mile Road.) 
 RICH: What is that? (He opens the car door.) 
 LORI: No! Rich, no! 
 RICH: No, just wait here. (He gets out of the car and shuts the door. LORI looks terrified. Outside, RICH is looking around when he hears more screeching. He turns to see a long scratch being made on the side of his car, but the Hook Man is invisible.) What the hell? 
 LORI: Rich, let's go! (The back tire gets punctured. She screams.) Rich? (She looks around, but Rick is not outside.) Rich! (She rolls up the windows and locks them.) Rich, where are you? (She suddenly hears scratching and banging on the roof. She screams and jumps into the backseat on the floor. The noise stops. LORI is breathing heavily.) Ok ok (She gets out of the car and starts to run away when she turns around and sees RICH. He is suspended from a tree, upside down, above the car. LORI screams and the screen fades to black.) 
 (CUT TO: An outdoor café. Sam is on a payphone.) 
 Sam: Alright, thank you for your time. (He hangs up and walks back to the table. Dean is working at the laptop.) 
 Dean: Your, uh, half-caf, double vanilla latte is gettin' cold over here, Francis. 
 Sam: Bite me. (He sits down.) 
 Dean: So, anything? (Sam shakes his head.) 
 Sam: I had ‘em check the FBI's Missing Persons Data Bank. No John Doe's fitting Dad's description. I even ran his plates for traffic violations. 
 Dean: Sam, I'm tellin' ya, I don't think Dad wants to be found. (Sam looks disappointed.) Check this out. (He shows Sam an article on the computer about RICH's death.) It's a news item out of Planes Courier. Ankeny, Iowa. It's only about a hundred miles from here. 
 Sam: (reading) "The mutilated body was found near the victim's car, parked on 9 Mile Road." 
 Dean: Keep reading. 
 Sam: "Authorities are unable to provide a realistic description of the killer. The sole eyewitness, whose name has been withheld, is quoted as saying the attacker was invisible." 
 Dean: Could be something interesting. 
 Sam: Or it could be nothing at all. One freaked out witness who didn't see anything? Doesn't mean it's the Invisible Man. 
 Dean: But what if it is? Dad would check it out. 
 (CUT TO: Sam and Dean driving. They stop at the fraternity where RICH lived. The other frat brothers are confused. Sam and Dean get out of the car.) 
 Sam: One more time, why are we here? 
 Dean: Victim lived here. (They walk up to some guys fixing a car.) Nice wheels. (They look at him strangely.) We're your fraternity brothers. From Ohio. We're new in town. Transfers. Looking for a place to stay. (He grins.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- Fraternity dorm room.) 
 (A shirtless frat boy in yellow shorts is painting his face and body purple. Sam and Dean knock on his door.) 
 FRAT Boy: Who are you? 
 Dean: We're your new roommates. (He smiles and walks over to the boy. The boy holds the brush and paint can out to Dean.) 
 FRAT Boy: Do me a favor? Get my back. Big game today. 
 Dean: (pointing to Sam) He's the artist. Things he can do with a brush. (Sam, mortified, takes the brush and can. Dean sits on a chair and picks up a magazine.) So (He looks at the name on the magazine) Murph. Is it true? 
 MURPH: What? 
 Dean: We heard one of the guys around here got killed last week. 
 MURPH: (sadly) Yeah. 
 Sam: What happened? 
 MURPH: They're saying some psycho with a knife. Maybe a drifter passing through. Rich was a good guy. 
 Sam: Rich he was with somebody? 
 MURPH: Not just somebody. Lori Sorensen. 
 Dean: Who's Lori Sorensen? (to Sam) You missed a spot. Just down there &gt;on the back. (Sam looks annoyed. Dean grins.) 
 MURPH: Lori's a freshman. She's a local. Super hot. And get this: she's a reverend's daughter. 
 Dean: You wouldn't happen to know which church, would ya? 
 (CUT TO: INT.- church) 
 Rev. Sorensen: Our hearts go out to the family of a young man who perished. And my personal prayers of thanks go out as well because I believe he died trying to protect my daughter. (LORI looks embarrassed.) And now, as time heals all our wounds, we should reflect on what this tragedy means. To us, as a church. (Sam and Dean enter and the door slams behind them. The congregation goes silent and turns to look at them) as a community, and as a family. The loss of a young person is particularly tragic. A life unlived is the saddest of passings. (Sam and Dean sit down. LORI stares at Sam, and he smiles weakly at her.) So, please, let us pray. For peace, for guidance, and for the power to protect our children. (Everyone bows their head in prayer, except Dean. Sam elbows him, and Dean, noticing everyone else, does the Same.) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- church. The Mass has ended.) 
 LORI: I can't. It's Sunday night. 
 Taylor: It's just us girls. We're gonna do tequila shots and watch Reality Bites. 
 LORI: My dad makes dinner every Sunday night. 
 Taylor: Come on, Lori. I know this has been hard, but you are allowed to have fun. 
 LORI: I'll try. (Taylor rolls her eyes.) 
 Taylor: Ok. (They hug and Taylor leaves. Sam and Dean walk up to LORI.) 
 Sam: Are you Lori? 
 LORI: Yeah. 
 Sam: My name is Sam. This is my brother, Dean. (Dean waves) 
 Dean: Hi. 
 Sam: We just transferred here to the university. 
 LORI: I saw you inside. 
 Sam: We don't wanna bother you. We just heard about what happened and... 
 Dean: We wanted to say how sorry we were. 
 Sam: I kind of know what you're going through. I-I saw someone..get hurt once. It's something you don't forget. (LORI nods slightly. REV. SORENSEN walks up to them.) 
 LORI: Dad, um, this is Sam and Dean. They're new students. (Dean shakes the reverend's hand.) 
 Dean: It's a pleasure to meet you, sir. I must say, that was an inspiring sermon. 
 REV. SORENSEN: Thank you very much. It's so nice to find young people who are open to the Lord's message. (Dean Chuckles.) 
 Dean: Listen, uh, we're new in town, actually. (He leads REV. SORENSEN away from Sam and LORI.) And, uh, we were looking for a, um, a church group. (They leave.) 
 Sam: Tell me, Lori. What are the police saying? (He starts walking with her.) 
 LORI: Well, they don't have a lot to go on. I think they blame me for that. 
 Sam: What do you mean? 
 LORI: My story. I was so scared, I guess I was "seeing things". (They stop walking.) 
 Sam: That doesn't mean it wasn't real. (They look at each other for a few seconds.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- library.) 
 Dean: So you believe her? 
 Sam: I do. 
 Dean: Yeah, I think she's hot, too. 
 Sam: No, man, there's something in her eyes. And listen to this: she heard scratching on the roof. Found the bloody body suspended upside down over the car. 
 Dean: Wait, the body suspended? That sounds like the— 
 Sam: Yeah, I know, the Hook Man legend. 
 Dean: That's one of the most famous urban legends ever. You don't think that we're dealing with the Hook Man. 
 Sam: Every urban legend has a source. A place where it all began. 
 Dean: Yeah, but what about the phantom scratches and the tire punctures and the invisible killer? 
 Sam: Well, maybe the Hook Man isn't a man at all. What if it's some kind of spirit? 
 (CUT TO: Dean and Sam at a table in the library. The librarian places a few big boxes in front of them.) 
 LIBRARIAN: Here you go. Arrest records going back to 1851. (Dean blows some dust off a box and coughs.) 
 Dean: Thanks. 
 LIBRARIAN: Ok. (She walks away.) 
 Dean: So, this is how you spent four good years of your life, huh? 
 Sam: Welcome to higher education. (They begin reading.) 
 (CUT TO: Hours later. They are still looking.) 
 Sam: Hey, check this out. 1862. A preacher named Jacob Karns was arrested for murder. Looks like he was so angry over the red light district in town that one night he killed 13 prostitutes. Uh, right here, "some of the deceased were found in their bed, sheets soaked with blood. Others suspended upside down from the limbs of trees as a warning against sins of the flesh." 
 Dean: (looking at another page) Get this, the murder weapon? Looks like the preacher lost his hand in an accident. Had it replaced with a silver hook. (Sam points to another page.) 
 Sam: Look where all this happened. (Dean reads.) 
 Dean: 9 Mile Road. 
 Sam: Same place where the frat boy was killed. 
 Dean: (impressed) Nice job, Dr. Venkmen. Let's check it out. (Sam gathers all the research and they leave.) 
 (CUT TO: LORI's sorority. REV. SORENSEN pulls up in the driveway.) 
 (INT.- car) 
 LORI: I know this is your first time really living alone since Mom died. 
 REV. SORENSEN: That's not it. I worry about you. 
 LORI: There are 22 girls in there and perfectly safe. 
 REV. SORENSEN: That's exactly what I'm worried about. You don't think I know what goes on in there? 
 LORI: Dad, do we have to have this argument again? I'm over 18. I can live my own life. 
 REV. SORENSEN: Oh, which means, drinking, partying with that roommate of yours! 
 LORI: I'm an adult. I can take care of myself. Good night. (She gets out of the car.) 
 REV. SORENSEN: Lori. Lori, come—Lori! (She slams the door and leaves.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- LORI's sorority building. LORI is walking up the stairs and stops at a girl's bedroom doorway. There is a long scratch on the wall leading up to the doorway. Inside, the girl is working at her computer. LORI ignores it and walks into her bedroom. She is about to turn on the light when she sees Taylor sleeping and stops herself.) 
 LORI: Taylor, you awake? (Taylor doesn't wake up. LORI leaves her alone and goes into her bathroom to get ready for bed.) 
 (CUT TO: 9 Mile Road. Dean and Sam drive up and get out of the car. Dean opens the trunk and hands Sam a rifle.) 
 Dean: Here you go. 
 Sam: If it is a spirit, buckshot won't do much good. 
 Dean: Yeah, rock salt. (He hands it to Sam.) 
 Sam: Huh. Salt being a spirit deterrent. (Dean takes out a coil of rope and shuts the trunk.) 
 Dean: Yeah. It won't kill ‘em. But it'll slow ‘em down. (They start walking towards the trees.) 
 Sam: That's pretty good. You and Dad think of this? 
 Dean: I told you. You don't have to be a college graduate to be a genius. (They hear noises among the trees and stop walking. Sam raises his gun and looks around.) 
 Dean: (whispering) Over there. Over there. (Sam aims the gun and cocks it. A figure comes out from behind the trees. It is a Sheriff.) 
 Sheriff: Put the gun down now! Now! Put your hands behind your head. 
 Dean: W-w-wait, okay, okay! 
 SHERRIFF: Now get down on your knees. Come on, do it! On your knees! (They get down.) Now get down on your bellies. Come on, do it! 
 Dean: He had the gun! (They lay down.) 
 (CUT TO: LORI and TAYLOR's bedroom. LORI comes out of the bathroom in her pajamas, watches Taylor shift in her sleep, and gets into bed. The camera pans over to the open closet, where the Hook Man is seen waiting.) 
 (CUT TO: LORI's bedroom. Morning. LORI rolls over in her bed and opens her eyes. She sees a puddle of blood on the floor. The camera moves up and shows blood dripping from TAYLOR's bed. Taylor is shown, dead. There is blood everywhere.) 
 LORI: Oh my God. (She screams. She looks on the wall near TAYLOR's bed. Written in blood are the words "Aren't you glad you didn't turn on the light?" Underneath the words is a large cross with four smaller crosses surrounding it, also written in blood. LORI screams and the screen goes black.) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- CALUMET CO. Sheriff's DEPT. Dean and Sam are leaving.) 
 Dean: Saved your ass! Talked the Sheriff down to a fine. Dude, I am Matlock. 
 Sam: But how? 
 Dean: I told him you were a dumbass pledge and that we were hazing you. 
 Sam: What about the shotgun? 
 Dean: I said that you were hunting ghosts and the spirits were repelled by rock salt. You know, typical Hell Week prank. 
 Sam: And he believed you? 
 Dean: Well, you look like a dumbass pledge. (Seconds later, several Sheriffs run out of the building and speed away in police cars. Sam and Dean exchange a look.) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- LORI's sorority building. LORI is wrapped in a blanket, sitting in the back of a parked ambulance. Sam and Dean drive by and look at her.) 
 REV. SORENSEN: I just want to take her home. 
 Sheriff: I understand that, Reverend. But Lori's now connected to two murders, and I can't ignore that. 
 REV. SORENSEN: Listen to me. Arrest her now, or let me take her home. (The Sheriff thinks about it for a second.) 
 Sheriff: Make sure she's available for questioning. 
 REV. SORENSEN: Thank you. (He walks over to LORI.) Sweetheart, you ready to go home? (She stands up and starts walking with him. Dean and Sam park their car on another street. They get out and walk around to the back of LORI's sorority.) 
 Sam: Why would the Hook Man come here? This is a long way from 9 Mile Road. 
 Dean: Maybe he's not haunting the scene of his crime. Maybe it's about something else. (Two sorority girls come out the side entrance of the building, but they don't see Sam and Dean. Sam and Dean lean against the side of the house next to some bushes to hide themselves.) Dude, sorority girls! Think we'll see a naked pillow fight? (He turns around and sees Sam trying to climb onto the balcony of the house. Dean helps him up and then climbs up himself. Once they are up there, they sneak in LORI's window. Dean seems to fall on top of Sam by getting in the window.) 
 Dean: Oh, sorry! 
 Sam: Be quiet. 
 Dean: You be quiet! 
 Sam: You be quiet! 
 
 
 
 (CUT TO: INT.- LORI's walk-in closet. Sam opens the door slightly and sees another Sheriff leaving the bedroom. Sam waits until the Sheriff goes downstairs and then opens the closet door. Once in LORI's bedroom, Sam and Dean see the writing on the wall.) 
 Sam: "Aren't you glad you didn't turn on the light?" That's right out of the legend. 
 Dean: Yeah, that's classic Hook Man all right. (He taps his nose.) It's definitely a spirit. 
 Sam: Yeah, I've never smelled ozone this strong before. (Dean moves over to the window.) Hey, come here. (Dean walks over to Sam. Sam points to the cross symbol beneath the writing.) Does that look familiar to you? 
 (CUT TO: Dean and Sam next to the car. They are looking at a picture of the cross symbol that they found during their research.) 
 Sam: It's the Same symbol. Seems like it is the spirit of Jacob Karns. 
 Dean: All right, let's find the dude's grave, salt and burn the bones, and put him down. 
 Sam: (reading) "After execution, Jacob Karns was laid to rest in an Old North Cemetery. In an unmarked grave." (They both look annoyed.) 
 Dean: Super. 
 Sam: Ok. So we know it's Jacob Karns. But we still don't know where he'll manifest next. Or why. 
 Dean: I'll take a wild guess about why. I think your little friend Lori has something to do with this. (They get in the car.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- college party. Dean walks up to Sam.) 
 Sam: Hey. 
 Dean: Man, you've been holding out on me. This college thing is awesome! (He winks and smiles at a passing girl.) 
 Sam: This wasn't really my experience. 
 Dean: Let me guess. Libraries, studying, straight A's? (Sam nods.) What a geek. Alright, you do your homework? 
 Sam: Yeah. It was bugging me, right? So how is the Hook Man tied up with Lori? So I think I came up with something. (He unravels a piece of paper.) 
 Dean: 1932. Clergyman arrested for murder. 1967. Seminarian held in hippie rampage. 
 Sam: There's a pattern here. In both cases, the suspect was a man of religion who openly preached against immorality. And then found himself wanted for killings he claimed were the work of an invisible force. Killings carried out—get this—with a sharp instrument. 
 Dean: What's the connection to Lori? 
 Sam: A man of religion? Who openly preaches against immorality? (Dean suddenly understands.) Except maybe this time, instead of saving the whole town, he's just trying to save his only daughter. 
 Dean: Reverend Sorensen. You think he's summoning the spirit? 
 Sam: Maybe. Or, you know how a poltergeist can haunt a person instead of a place? 
 Dean: Yeah, the spirit latches onto the reverend's repressed emotions, feeds off them, yeah, okay. 
 Sam: Without the reverend ever even knowing it. 
 Dean: Either way, you should keep an eye on Lori tonight. (Sam nods.) 
 Sam: What about you? (Dean looks at an attractive blonde smiling at him by the pool table.) 
 Dean: (reluctantly) I'm gonna go see if I can find that unmarked grave. (He looks at the blonde again, shakes his head in disappointment, and walks away.) 
 (CUT TO: Old North Cemetery. Night. Dean is looking around with a flashlight. He comes across a headstone that is engraved with the cross symbol.) 
 Dean: Here we go. (He walks over to it) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- REV. SORENSEN's house. Through the window, Sam can see LORI and her father arguing inside.) 
 (CUT TO: Old North Cemetery. Dean has been digging at the unmarked grave for a while.) 
 Dean: That's it. Next time, I get to watch the cute girl's house. (He breaks through the wooden floor of the grave and sees Jacob Karns' remains.) Hello, preacher. (He throws his shovel aside.) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- REV. SORENSEN's house. Sam watches REV. SORENSEN turn out the light and leave the room. LORI comes outside and sits down next to him on a bench.) 
 LORI: I saw you from upstairs. What are you doing here? 
 Sam: I'm keeping an eye on the place. (LORI looks at him.) I was worried. 
 LORI: About me? 
 Sam: Yeah. Sorry. 
 LORI: No, it's cool. I already called the cops. (She smiles. Sam laughs.) No, seriously. I think you're sweet. Which is probably why you should run away from me as fast as you can. 
 Sam: Why would you say that? 
 LORI: It's like I'm cursed or something. People around me keep dying. 
 Sam: I think I know how you feel. 
 (CUT TO: Old North Cemetery. Dean takes a few items out of his bag. He pours salt and lighter fluid on the preacher's bones then lights a match.) 
 Dean: Goodbye, preacher. (He throws the match into the grave and watches the bones burn into flames) 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- REV. SORENSEN's house.) 
 LORI: No one will talk to me anymore. Except you. The Sheriff thinks I'm a suspect. And you know what my dad will say? Pray. Have faith. What does he know about faith? 
 Sam: I heard you guys fighting before. 
 LORI: He's seeing a woman. A married woman. I just found out. She comes to our church with her husband. I know her kids. And he talks to me about religion? About morality? It's like, on one hand, you know, just do what you want and be happy. But he taught me, raised me to believe that if you do something wrong you will get punished. I just don't know what to think anymore. (She hugs Sam. He is slightly confused, but he hugs her back. They begin to kiss but Sam pulls away.) Sam? 
 Sam: Lori, I can't. 
 LORI: That someone you lost? (Sam stares at her) I'm sorry. (REV. SORENSEN comes outside.) 
 REV. SORENSEN: Lori? Come inside, please. 
 LORI: (getting angry) I'll come in when I'm ready. (Suddenly, the Hook Man appears behind REV. SORENSEN and puts his hook into his shoulder. The reverend screams and the Hook Man slams the door shut. Sam grabs his gun and runs into the house. He looks around and hears REV. SORENSEN screaming upstairs.) 
 REV. SORENSEN: (OS) No! No, please! No! (Sam runs upstairs and sees the reverend's bedroom door shutting. He runs into the bedroom and sees the Hook Man on top of REV. SORENSEN, about to put his hook into the reverend.) No! No, no! (Sam shoots the Hook Man in the side. The Hook Man turns to Sam, who shoots him again. The Hook Man turns to dust and the gun blast shatters the bedroom window. LORI is running up the stairs.) 
 LORI: Dad! Dad! (She bursts through the bedroom window and kneels down next to her dad.) Okay. It's ok, Dad, it's ok. It's ok. (Sam watches them as the screen goes black.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- hospital. REV. SORENSEN is in a hospital bed and LORI is standing by his side. Sam is talking to the Sheriff.) 
 Sam: We were just talking. Then Lori's dad came out. And then he appeared. 
 Sheriff: A big man? Carrying a weapon, some kind of hook? 
 Sam: Yes, sir. 
 Sheriff: Ever seen him before? 
 Sam: No, sir. 
 Sheriff: Son, it seems every time I turn around, I'm seeing you. I suggest you try to stay out of trouble (Sam nods.) 
 Sam: Yes, sir. (Dean and two Sheriffs are walking down the hall.) 
 Dean: No, it's alright, I'm with him. He's my brother. (to Sam) Hey! Brother! (Sam and the Sheriff turn to see Dean. Dean smiles and waves.) 
 Sheriff: Let him through. (The two Sheriffs let Dean through.) 
 Dean: Thanks. (He and Sam walk towards each other.) You ok? 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: What the hell happened? 
 Sam: Hook Man. 
 Dean: You saw him? 
 Sam: Damn right. Why didn't you torch the bones? 
 Dean: What are you talking about, I did. You sure it's the spirit of Jacob Karns? 
 Sam: It sure as hell looked like him. And that's not all. I don't think the spirit is latching on to the reverend. 
 Dean: Well, yeah, the guy wouldn't send the Hook Man after himself. 
 Sam: I think it's latching onto Lori. Last night she found out her father is having an affair with a married woman. 
 Dean: So what? 
 Sam: So she's upset about it. She's upset about the immorality of it. She told me she was raised to believe that if you do something wrong, you get punished. 
 Dean: Ok, so she's conflicted. And the spirit of Preacher Karns is latching on to repress the emotions and maybe he's doing the punishing for her, huh? 
 Sam: Right. Rich comes on too strong, Taylor tries to make her into a party girl, Dad has an affair. 
 Dean: Remind me not to piss this girl off. But I burned those bones, I buried them in salt, why didn't that stop him? 
 Sam: You must have missed something. 
 Dean: No. I burned everything in that coffin. 
 Sam: Did you get the hook? 
 Dean: The hook? 
 Sam: Well, it was the murder weapon, and in a way, it was part of him. 
 Dean: So, like the bones, the hook is a source of his power. 
 Sam: So if we find the hook... 
 Sam and Dean: We stop the Hook Man. (They smile at each other.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- library. Sam and Dean are looking through more papers.) 
 Dean: Here's something, I think. Log book, Iowa State Penitentiary. (reading) Karns, Jacob. Personal affects: disposition thereof. 
 Sam: Does it mention the hook? 
 Dean: Yeah, maybe. (reading) Upon execution, all earthly items shall be remanded to the prisoner's house of worship, St. Barnabas Church. 
 Sam: Isn't that where Lori's father preaches? 
 Dean: Yeah. 
 Sam: Where Lori lives? 
 Dean: Maybe that's why the Hook Man has been haunting reverends and reverends' daughters for the past 200 years. 
 Sam: Yeah, but if the hook were at the church or Lori's house, don't you think someone might've seen it? I mean, a bloodstained, silver-handled hook? 
 Dean: Check the church records. 
 (CUT TO: INT.- library. They are still researching.) 
 Sam: (reading) St. Barnabas donations, 1862. Received silver-handled hook from state penitentiary. Reforged. (sighs) They melted it down. Made it into something else. 
 (CUT TO: EXT.- St. Barnabas Church. Dean and Sam park the car and get out.) 
 Dean: Alright, we can't take any chances. Anything silver goes in the fire. 
 Sam: I agree. So, Lori's still at the hospital. We'll have to break in. 
 Dean: Alright, take your pick. 
 Sam: I'll take the house. 
 Dean: Ok. (Sam begins walking towards REV. SORENSEN's house.) Hey. (Sam turns around.) Stay out of her underwear drawer. (He walks away.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- St. Barnabas Church. Basement. Dean is throwing everything silver into the fire. Sam comes downstairs with a bag of things from LORI's house.) 
 Sam: I got everything that even looked silver. 
 Dean: Better safe than sorry. (They throw everything into the fire. Suddenly, they hear footsteps above them.) Move, move. (He takes his gun and goes upstairs with Sam.) 
 (CUT TO: INT.- St. Barnabas Church. Upstairs. Dean and Sam see that LORI is sitting in a pew alone, crying. Dean lowers his gun and goes back downstairs. Sam walks over to LORI.) 
 Sam: Lori? 
 LORI: What are you doing here? 
 Sam: What is it? 
 LORI: I've been trying to understand what's been happening. Why? Now I know so I'm praying for forgiveness. 
 Sam: Forgiveness for what? 
 LORI: Don't you see? I'm to blame for all this. I've read in the Bible about avenging angels. 
 Sam: Trust me, this guy—he's no angel. 
 LORI: I was so angry at my father. Part of me wanted him punished. And then he came and he punished him. 
 Sam: It's not your fault. 
 LORI: Yes, it is. I don't know how, but it is. (In the back of the church, the Hook Man appears for a moment then disappears quickly.) I killed Rich. Taylor, too. I nearly killed my father. 
 Sam: Lori... 
 LORI: I can see it now. They didn't deserve to be punished. I do. (They hear a noise come from the front of the church. The candles at the altar blow out and the screen fades to black.) 
 (FADE IN: LORI and Sam in the church.) 
 Sam: Come on. We gotta go. (He leads her away and opens the door to the basement. But the Hook Man is behind it and pushes his hook through the door.) Go! (Sam and LORI run down the aisle and into a back room. The Hook Man follows them and smashes the glass of another door with his hook. He swings at Sam a few times but misses. The Hook Man chases the two of them around the room and finally hooks Sam in the shoulder. He screams in pain and an invisible force drags LORI on her back across the floor. Sam runs over to her.) Come on. You okay? (The Hook Man appears and knocks Sam backwards into a wall. He gets up and maneuvers behind the Hook Man, who is standing over LORI. Dean suddenly enters with his gun raised.) 
 Dean: Sam, drop! (Sam crouches down and Dean shoots the Hook Man once. He disappears into dust.) 
 Sam: I thought we got all the silver. 
 Dean: So did I. 
 Sam: Then why is he still here? 
 Dean: Well, maybe we missed something! (They look around. Sam notices a cross necklace that LORI is wearing.) 
 Sam: Lori, where did you get that chain? 
 LORI: My father gave it to me. 
 Dean: Where'd your dad get it? 
 LORI: He said it was a church heirloom, he gave it to me when I started school. 
 Sam: Is it silver?! 
 LORI: Yes! (Sam rips the chain off from around her neck. In the hallway, the Hook Man, who is now invisible, is making a long scratch on the wall. Dean turns around to look at it.) 
 Dean: Sam! (Dean throws Sam the rifle and the rock salt and Sam tosses Dean the necklace. Dean runs back downstairs. Sam aims the gun at the scratch that is being made and shoots. He quickly reloads the gun with rock salt.) 
 (CUT TO: Basement. Dean runs downstairs and throws LORI's necklace into the fire.) 
 (CUT TO: Upstairs. Sam is still loading the gun with his injured hand and shoulder. The Hook Man appears and knocks the rifle out of Sam's hand. Sam and LORI crawl into the corner and watch the Hook Man tower over them.) 
 (CUT TO: Basement. In the fire, the cross pendant breaks off the chain and melts.) 
 (CUT TO: Upstairs. The Hook Man stops with his hook in the air. The hook melts and the rest of his body burns into nothing. Dean runs upstairs to make sure the Hook Man is gone. He walks over to Sam and LORI and gives them a knowing look. The screen fades to black.) 
 (FADE IN: EXT.- St. Barnabus Church. Sheriffs are walking around and there is an ambulance parked outside.) 
 Sheriff: And you saw him, too? The man with the hook? 
 Dean: Yes, I told you, we all saw him. We fought him off and then he ran. 
 Sheriff: And that's all? 
 Dean: Yeah, that's all. 
 Sheriff: Listen. You and your brother— 
 Dean: Oh, don't worry, we're leaving town. (He walks over to his car.) 
 (CUT TO: the ambulance. LORI watches Sam finish getting bandaged up.) 
 LORI: You gonna be okay? 
 Sam: Yeah. (Back at the car, Dean is watching Sam and LORI through his side view mirror.) 
 LORI: I still don't know what happened. But I do know you saved my life. My father's, too. Thank you. (Sam nods and smiles. Dean watches through the mirror and notices Sam just walks away without another word. Sam walks to the car and gets in.) 
 Dean: We could stay. (Sam shakes his head. Dean watches LORI looking sad, through the mirror. He shakes his head in disappointment and drives away. The screen fades to black.) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 