Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Everybody Loves a Clown - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Everybody Loves a Clown https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6584 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/07/06 03:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Everybody Loves a Clown 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 2.02 Everybody Loves a Clown 
 Air Date: 5 Oct 2006 
 TITLE CARD: THEN 
 RECAP 
 TITLE CARD: NOW 
 Teaser  
 EXT. CARNIVAL - DAY 
 SUBTITLE 
 Medford, Wisconsin 
 We pan over a ferris wheel, past a fire eater and close on two clowns entertaining a young girl. She is clearly enjoying herself. Her parents stand behind. 
 Dad: God, I hate clowns. They always creep me out. 
 Mom: Shh. She likes them. 
 (leaning over) 
 Last ride. 
 The girl looks over to the side and seens a clown. She waves, it waves back a little creepy. She tugs on her mom's sleeve. 
 Girl: Look, Mom, another clown! 
 When the mom looks over the clown has disappeared. 
 Mom: What are you trying to do, scare your father? 
 Dad: Hey. 
 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 
 The family is driving home from the carnival. The girl sees the clown again, on the side of the road, waving. 
 Girl: Look, Mom, a clown! 
 The clown disappears again as Mom looks over. 
 Girl: You missed him. 
 INT. HOUSE - NIGHT 
 The girl is asleep in bed and hears something. She gets up and goes to the window, sees the clown standing outside. Smiling, she goes downstairs and waves at him, then opens the door to let him in. He takes her hand and enters. 
 TITLE CARD 
 SUPERNATURAL 
 ACT ONE  
 EXT. WOODS - NIGHT 
 From the fiery title card we flash to a funeral pyre - John's. The only light comes from the wrapped, burning body. Standing behind, hands in their pockets, are Sam and Dean. Sam is near tears and fidgeting, Dean staring into the flames silently. 
 Sam: Before he.. before, did he say anything to you? About anything? 
 Dean: (not looking at Sam) 
 No. Nothing. 
 EXT. JUNKYARD - DAY 
 SUBTITLE 
 One Week Later 
 We pan over a junkyard containing cars in various states of demolition. 
 SUBTITLE 
 "Everybody Loves a Clown" 
 Dean is underneath his car working on it, only his legs sticking out. It is little more than a rusted frame, but it looks considerably less crunched than last time. Sam approaches. 
 Sam: How's the car coming along? 
 Dean: Slow. 
 Sam: Yeah? Need any help? 
 Dean: (dropping something heavily) 
 What, you under a hood? I'll pass. 
 Sam: Need anything else, then? 
 Dean pushes himself out from under the car and stands. 
 Dean: Stop it, Sam. 
 Sam: Stop what? 
 Dean: Stop asking if I need anything, stop asking if I'm okay. I'm okay. Really. I promise. 
 Sam: All right, Dean, it's just... We've been at Bobby's for over a week now and you haven't brought up Dad once. 
 Dean: You know what? You're right. Come here. I'm gonna lay my head gently on your shoulder. Maybe we can cry, hug, and maybe even slow dance. 
 Sam: Don't patronize me, Dean, Dad is dead. The Colt is gone, and it seems pretty damn likely that the demon is behind all of this, and you're acting like nothing happened. 
 Dean: What do you want me to say? 
 Sam: Say something, all right? Hell, say anything! Aren't you angry? Don't you want revenge? But all you do is sit out here all day long buried underneath this damn car. 
 Dean: Revenge, huh? 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: Sounds good. You got any leads on where the demon is? Making heads or tails of any of Dad's research? Because I sure ain't. But you know, if we do finally find it - oh. No, wait, like you said. The Colt's gone. But I'm sure you've figured out another way to kill it. We've got nothing, Sam. Nothing, okay? So you know the only thing I can do? Is I can work on the car. 
 Dean crouches by the car again, getting back to work. 
 Sam: Well, we've got something, all right? 
 (he pulls out a cell phone) 
 It's what I came by here to tell you. This is one of dad's old phones. Took me a while, but i cracked his voicemail code. Listen to this. 
 Sam hands the cell phone to Dean, who stands and takes it reluctantly. 
 Ellen's Voice 
 John, it's Ellen. Again. Look, don't be stubborn, you know I can help you. Call me. 
 Sam: That message is four months old. 
 Dean: Dad saved that chick's message for four months? 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: Well, who's Ellen? Any mention of her in Dad's journal? 
 Sam: No. But I ran a trace on her phone number and I got an address. 
 Dean: Ask Bobby if we can use one of his cars. 
 EXT. ROAD - DAY 
 In a beat-up, poorly maintained minivan, Dean and Sam pull up to the Roadhouse Saloon. 
 Dean: This is humiliating. I feel like a friggin' soccer mom! 
 Sam: It's the only car Bobby had running. 
 (They start looking around) 
 Hello? Anybody here? 
 Dean: Hey. You bring the, uh, 
 Sam: Of course. 
 He tosses something to Dean, who catches it. They open the door and go inside. The saloon is quiet except for a fly buzzing. A light bulb blows out. They go to the back and see a man passed out on the bar. 
 Sam: Hey, buddy? 
 (pause) 
 I'm guessing that isn't Ellen. 
 Dean: Yeah. 
 Sam goes into a back room, looking around. Dean goes down the steps, then pauses as he feels the point of a gun touch his back. 
 Dean: Oh god, please let that be a rifle. 
 The gun cocks. Pan over to reveal an attractive blond girl. 
 Jo: No, I'm just real happy to see you. Don't move. 
 Dean: Not moving, copy that. You know, you should know something, miss. When you put a rifle on someone, you don't want to put it right against their back. Because it makes it real easy to do... 
 (He turns fluidly, grabbing the rifle and cocking it. ) 
 That. 
 Jo punches him in the face and takes back the rifle. Dean doubles over, clutching his nose. 
 Dean: Sam! Need some help in here. 
 (muttering) 
 I can't see, I can't even see. 
 The back door opens to reveal Sam, both hands on his head. He enters slowly. 
 Sam: Sorry, Dean, I can't right now. I'm a... little tied up. 
 He nods his head, indicating Ellen, who is behind him with a handgun pointed at his head. 
 Ellen: Sam? Dean? Winchester? 
 Sam and Dean: Yeah. 
 Ellen: Son of a bitch. 
 Jo: Mom, you know these guys? 
 Ellen: Yeah, I think these are John Winchester's boys. 
 (She lowers the gun, laughing.) 
 Hey, I'm Ellen. This is my daughter Jo. 
 Jo also lowers her rifle, and Dean smiles at her. 
 Jo: Hey. 
 Dean: You're not gonna hit me again, are you? 
 Ellen is handing Dean a small towel filled with ice. 
 Ellen: Here you go. 
 Dean: Thanks. You called our dad, said you could help. Help with what? 
 Ellen: Well, the demon, of course. I heard he was closing in on it. 
 Dean: What, was there an article in the Demon Hunters Quarterly that I missed? I mean, who, who are you? How do you know about all this? 
 Ellen: Hey, I just run a saloon. But hunters have been known to pass through now and again. Including your dad a long time ago. John was like family once. 
 Dean: Oh yeah? How come he never mentioned you before? 
 Ellen: You'd have to ask him that. 
 Dean: So why exactly do we need your help? 
 Ellen: Hey, don't do me any favors. Look, if you don't want my help, fine. Don't let the door smack your ass on the way out. But John wouldn't have sent you if... 
 (She stops, realizing.) 
 He didn't send you. 
 (Dean looks down, then back at Sam.) 
 He's all right, isn't he? 
 Sam: No. No, he isn't. It was the demon, we think. It, um, it just got him before he got it, I guess. 
 Ellen: I'm so sorry. 
 Dean: It's okay. We're all right. 
 Ellen: Really? I know how close you and your dad were. 
 Dean: Really, lady, I'm fine. 
 Sam: So look, if you can help, we could use all the help we can get. 
 Ellen: Well, we can't. But Ash will. 
 Sam: Who's Ash? 
 Ellen: Ash! 
 The man passed out on the bar jerks awake and sits up, flailing. 
 Ash: What? It closin' time? 
 Sam: That's Ash? 
 Jo: Mm-hmm. He's a genius. 
 A brown folder is slapped down on the bar; Sam and Ash are sitting, Dean standing behind them. Jo is on the other side of the bar pouring glasses of water. 
 Dean: You've gotta be kidding me, this guy's no genius. He's a Lynyrd Skynyrd roadie. 
 Ash: I like you. 
 Dean: Thanks. 
 Jo: Just give him a chance. 
 Dean sits and opens the folder. 
 Dean: All right. This stuff's about a year's worth of our dad's work, so uh, let's see what you make of it. 
 Ash pulls out the papers and starts rifling through them. He shakes his head. 
 Ash: Come on. This crap ain't real. There ain't nobody can track a demon like this. 
 Sam: Our dad could. 
 Ash: There are non-parametrics, statistical overviews, prospects and correlations, I mean.. damn! They're signs. Omens. Uh, if you can track 'em, you can track this demon. You know, like crop failures, electrical storms... You ever been struck by lightening? It ain't fun. 
 Sam: Can you track it or not? 
 Ash: Yeah, with this, I think so. But it's gonna take time, uh, give me... fifty one hours. 
 He gets up to leave. 
 Dean: Hey, man? 
 Ash: Yeah. 
 Dean: I, uh, I dig the haircut. 
 Ash: All business up front, party in the back. 
 As he leaves, Jo walks by, flirting a little with Dean. He checks her out tiredly, then gets up to follow her. Sam sees something behind the bar. 
 Sam: Hey, Ellen, what is that? 
 Ellen: It's a police scanner. We keep tabs on things, we... 
 Sam: No, no, no, no, the, um, the folder. 
 Ellen: Uh, I was gonna give this to a friend of mine. But take a look, if you want. 
 She takes a folder from the wall and places it in front of Same. It has some newspaper clippings attached to the front, and on the front, in red marker: COUPLE MURDERED 
 CHILD LEFT ALIVE 
 MEDFORD, WISC. 
 At the window, Dean sits down by Jo. 
 Dean: How did your mom get into this stuff, anyway? 
 Jo: From my dad. He was a hunter. He passed away. 
 Dean: I'm sorry. 
 Jo: It was a long time ago. I was just a kid. Sorry to hear about your dad. 
 Dean: Yeah. So. I guess I've got fifty one hours to waste. Maybe tonight we should, uh... 
 (He looks up at her.) 
 No, you know what? Never mind. 
 Jo: What? 
 Dean: Nothing, just, uh, wrong place, wrong time. 
 Jo: You know, I thought you were gonna toss me some cheap pickup line. 
 (Dean Chuckles, embarrassed) 
 Most hunters come through that door think they can get in my pants with some... pizza, a six pack, and side one of Zeppelin IV. 
 Dean: Well... what a bunch of scumbags. 
 Jo: Not you. 
 Dean: I guess not. 
 Sam: Dean, come here, check this out. 
 Dean: Yeah. 
 Sam: A few murders, not far from here, that Ellen caught wind of. Looks to me like there might be a hunt. 
 Dean: Yeah. So? 
 Sam: So, I told her we'd check it out. 
 EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 
 Back in the minivan, Dean and Sam drive. It's raining; Sam has the research open in his lap. 
 Dean: You've gotta be kidding me. A killer clown? 
 Sam: Yeah. He left the daughter unharmed and killed the parents. Ripped them to pieces, actually. 
 Dean: And this family was at some carnival that night? 
 Sam: Right, right. The, uh, Cooper Carnivals. 
 Dean: So how do you know we're not dealing with some psycho carnie in a clown suit? 
 Sam: Well, the cops have no viable leads, and all the employees were tearing down shop. Alibis all around. Plus this girl said she saw a clown vanish into thin air. Cops are saying trauma, of course. 
 Dean: Well, I know what you're thinking, Sam. Why did it have to be clowns? 
 Sam: Oh, give me a break. 
 Dean: (laughs) 
 You didn't think I'd remember, did you? I mean, come on, you still bust out crying whenever you see Ronald McDonald on the television. 
 Sam: Well, at least I'm not afraid of flying. 
 Dean: Planes crash! 
 Sam: And apparently clowns kill! 
 Dean: So these types of murders, they ever happen before? 
 Sam: Uh, according to the file, 1981, the Bunker Brothers Circus, Same M.O. It happened three times, three different locales. 
 Dean: It's weird, though, I'm mean if it is a spirit it's usually bound to a specific locale, you know, a house, or a town. 
 Sam: So how's this one moving from city to city, carnival to carnival? 
 Dean: Cursed object, maybe. Spirit attaches itself to something and the, uh, carnival carries it around with them. 
 Sam: Great. Paranormal scavenger hunt. 
 Dean: Well, this case was your idea. By the way, why is that? You were awfully quick to jump on this job. 
 Sam: So? 
 Dean: It's just... not like you, that's all. I thought you were hell-bent for leather on the demon hunt. 
 Sam: I don't know, I just think, this job, it's what Dad would have wanted us to do. 
 Dean: What Dad would have wanted? 
 Sam: Yeah. So? 
 Dean: Nothin'. 
 INT. FUNHOUSE - NIGHT 
 A little boy and his father are going through the funhouse at the carnival. The boy is playing a hand-held videogame and not really paying attention. 
 Dad: Check it out. Hey, look, Evan! Scary! 
 Evan: Yeah, dad. Scary. 
 Dad: No, it's over here. Wow. You know, when I was your age this would have scared the pants off of me. 
 The boy ignores him. He looks up and sees the creepy clown from earlier waving at him. He looks around, and the clown is gone. 
 Dad: Evan? Hey! What is it? 
 Evan: I... I saw a clown! 
 Dad: Don't be afraid of clowns. They're nice, they're your friends. Okay? Come on. 
 INT Evan's HOME - NIGHT 
 Evan's parents are asleep; he places a hand on his dad's arm. 
 Evan: Dad. Dad! 
 Dad: (waking slowly) 
 Evan? What is it? 
 Evan: You were right! He is my friend! 
 Dad: Huh? 
 He looks up to see the Clown holding Evan's hand. It smiles. He screams. 
 END ACT ONE 
 ACT TWO  
 EXT. CARNIVAL - DAY 
 The squeaky minivan pulls up outside the carnival. They see what appear to be Detectives talking to some carnies. 
 Dean: Check it out. Five-oh. 
 Sam stands with his hands in his pockets as a three-foot-tall woman in a clown outfit passes him. He stares at her, nervous, and she stares back before moving on. Dean approaches. 
 Dean: Did you get her number? 
 Sam: (scowling) 
 More murders? 
 Dean: Two more last night. Apparently they were ripped to shreds. And they had a little boy with them. 
 Sam: Who fingered a clown. 
 Dean pauses, giving Sam a weird look. 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: Yeah, a clown, who apparently vanished into thin air. 
 Sam: Dean, you know, looking for a cursed object is like trying to find a needle in a stack of needles. They could be anything. 
 Dean: Well, it's bound to give off EMF, so we'll just have to scan everything. 
 Sam: Oh, good, that's nice and... inconspicuous. 
 Dean sees a "Help wanted... S. Cooper" sign. 
 Dean: I guess we'll just have to blend in. 
 INT. Blind Man's TENT - DAY 
 A man is throwing knives at a target; they all land near but not quite on bulls-eye. 
 Dean: Excuse me, we're looking for a Mr. Cooper, have you seen him around? 
 Blind Man: What is that, some kind of joke? 
 He pulls of his sunglasses; he's blind. 
 Dean: Oh. God, I'm, I'm sorry. 
 Blind Man: You think I wouldn't give my eyeteeth to see Mr. Cooper? Or a sunset, or anything at all? 
 Dean: (quietly, to Sam) 
 Wanna give me a little help here? 
 Sam: Not really. 
 Short Man: Hey man, is there a problem? 
 Dean turns, then looks down to see an extremely short man in a red cape. 
 Blind Man: Yeah, this guy hates blind people. 
 Dean: No, I don't, I... 
 Short Man: Hey buddy, what's your problem? 
 Dean: Nothing, it's just a little misunderstanding. 
 Short Man: Little?! You son of a bitch! 
 Dean: No, no, no, no! I'm just, could somebody tell me where Mr. Cooper is? 
 (Sam laughs.) 
 Please? 
 INT. Mr. Cooper's OFFICE 
 Mr. Cooper: You boys picked a hell of a time to join up. Take a seat. 
 Dean looks at the available chairs; one is normal, the other is pink, with a giant clownface on it. He beats Sam to the normal chair. Sam scowls, fidgeting before sitting gingerly in the clown chair. 
 Mr. Cooper: We've got all kinds of local trouble. 
 Dean: What do you mean? 
 Mr. Cooper: Oh, a couple of folks got themselves murdered. Cops always seem to start here first. So, you two ever worked the circuit before? 
 Sam: Yes sir, last year through Texas and Arkansas. 
 Dean: Yeah. 
 Mr. Cooper: Doing what? Ride jockies? Butcher? ANS men? 
 Sam: Yeah, it's, uh, little bit of everything, I guess. 
 Mr. Cooper: You two have never worked a show in your lives before, have you? 
 Dean 
 Nope. But we really need the work. Oh, and uh, Sam here's got a thing for the bearded lady. 
 Mr. Cooper: You see that picture? That's my daddy. 
 Sam: You look just like him. 
 Mr. Cooper: He was in the business. Ran a freakshow. Till they outlawed them, most places. Apparently displaying the deformed isn't dignified. So most of the performers went from honest work to rotting in hospitals and asylums. That's progress. I guess. You see, this place, it's a refuge for outcasts. Always has been. For folks that don't fit in nowhere else. But you two? You should go to school. Find a couple of girls. Have two point five kids. Live regular. 
 Dean is about to say something, but Sam leans forward, eyes serious. 
 Sam: Sir? We don't want to go to school. And we don't want regular. We want this. 
 Dean looks at Sam. 
 EXT. CARNIVAL - DAY 
 Dean: Huh. 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: That whole, uh, I don't want to go back to school thing. Were you just saying that to Cooper or were you, you know, saying it? Sam? 
 Sam: I don't know. 
 Dean: You don't know? I thought that once the demon was dead and the fat lady sings that you were gonna take off, head back to Wussy State. 
 Sam: I'm having second thoughts. 
 Dean: Really? 
 Sam: Yeah. I think. Dad would have wanted me to stick with the job. 
 Dean: Since when do you give a damn what Dad wanted? You spent half your life doing exactly what he didn't want, Sam. 
 Sam: Since he died, okay? Do you have a problem with that? 
 Dean: Naw, I don't have a problem at all. 
 LATER 
 Sam is wearing a red "Cooper CARNIVAL" jacket and picking up trash, while surreptitiously scanning with the EMF reader. He goes into the funhouse, still scanning. A skeleton falls from the ceiling; Sam scans it, not getting a reading, but looks like he has an idea. 
 EXT. CARNIVAL - DAY 
 Wearing a similar uniform jacket, Dean is putting trash into a dumpster when his cell phone rings. He picks up. 
 Dean: Hello? 
 Sam (on phone): Hey, man. 
 Dean: What's the matter? You sound like you just saw a clown. 
 Sam: Very funny. Skeleton, actually. 
 Dean: Like a real human skeleton? 
 Sam: In the funhouse. Listen, I was thinking. What if the spirit isn't attached to a cursed object, what if it's attached to its own remains? 
 Dean: Did the bones give off EMF? 
 Sam: Well, no, but... 
 Dean: We should check it out anyway. I'm heading to you. 
 As he hangs up the phone, the Blind Man grabs his arm. 
 Blind Man: What are you doing here, kid? 
 Dean: I'm... I was just sweeping. 
 Blind Man: Bull. And what were you talking about? Skeletons? What's EMF? 
 Dean: Dude, your blind man hearing is out of control. 
 Blind Man: We're a tight-knit group, we don't like outsiders, we take care of our own problems. 
 Dean: We got a problem? 
 Blind Man: You tell me, you're the one talking about human bones. 
 Dean: Do you believe in ghosts? 
 Blind Man: What? 
 Dean: My brother and me... we're writing a book about them. 
 EXT. NEAR FUNHOUSE - DAY 
 Having gotten away from Blind Guy, Dean approaches Sam. 
 Sam: What took you so long? 
 Dean: Long story. 
 Little Girl: Mommy, look at the clown! 
 Dean and Sam both look over to see a little girl pointing at something. 
 Mom: What clown? 
 They look to where the little girl is pointing; there is nothing. 
 Mom: Come on, sweetie, come on. 
 Dean and Sam share a look. 
 EXT. FAMILY's HOME - NIGHT 
 Dean and Sam are on stakeout outside the family's home. 
 Sam: Dean, I cannot believe you told Papazian about the homicidal phantom clown. 
 Dean: I told him an urban legend about a homicidal phantom clown, I never said it was real. 
 Dean pulls a gun and cocks it. Sam grabs at it, pushing Dean's hands down. 
 Sam: Keep that down! 
 Dean: Oh, and get this. I mentioned the Bunker Brother's Circus in '81 and their, uh, evil clown apocalypse? Guess what. 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: Before Mr. Cooper owned Cooper Carnival, he worked for Bunker Brothers. He was their lot manager. 
 Sam: So you think whatever the spirit's attached to, Cooper just brought it with him? 
 Dean: Something like that. I can't believe we keep talking about clowns. 
 LATER 
 Dean is dozing as a light goes on in the dining room. Sam shakes him awake. Inside, the little girl goes to the front door, where the phantom clown is waiting. 
 Little Girl: Wanna come in and play? 
 The clown nods, takes her hand and is led inside. 
 END ACT TWO 
 
 
 
 ACT THREE  
 INT. FAMILY HOME - NIGHT 
 As the girl leads the clown down the hallway, Dean and Sam are already hiding in wait, weapons ready. 
 Little Girl: Wanna see Mommy and Daddy? They're upstairs. 
 Sam leaps out and grabs the girl, who starts screaming, as Dean shoots the clown in the chest. It falls on its back, then gets up as Dean is cocking the shotgun again. It leaps out the window, turning invisible as it runs away. The parents come rushing out. 
 Dad: What's going on out here? 
 Mom: Oh my god, what are you doing to my daughter?! 
 Dean and Sam leave the girl and run away terribly fast. 
 Little Girl: He shot my clown! 
 EXT. BACKROAD - DAY 
 Dean and Sam have parked the minivan off the side of a road and are digging out their belongings - including the license plates. 
 Sam: You really think they saw our plates? 
 Dean: I don't want to take the chance. Besides, I hate this friggin' thing anyway. 
 They start walking down the road. 
 Dean: Well, one thing's for sure. 
 Sam: What's that? 
 Dean: We're not dealing with a spirit. I mean, that rock salt hit something solid. 
 Sam: Yeah, a person? Or maybe a creature that can make itself invisible? 
 Dean: Yeah, and dresses up as a clown for kicks? You see anything in Dad's journal? 
 Sam: Nope. 
 (he pulls out his cell phone) 
 Dean: Who are you calling? 
 Sam: Maybe Ellen or that guy Ash'll know something. Hey, you think, uh, you think Dad and Ellen ever had a thing? 
 Dean: No way. 
 Sam: Then why didn't he tell us about her? 
 Dean: I don't know, maybe they had some sort of falling out. 
 Sam: Yeah. You ever notice Dad had a falling out with just about everybody? 
 (Dean nods casually; Sam lowers the phone.) 
 Well, don't get all maudlin on me, man. 
 Dean: What do you mean? 
 Sam: I mean this "strong silent" thing of yours, it's crap. 
 Dean: Oh, god. 
 Sam: I'm over it. This isn't just anyone we're talking about, this is Dad. I know how you felt about the man. 
 Dean: You know what, back off, all right? Just because I'm not caring and sharing like you want me to. 
 Sam: No, no, no, that's not what this is about, Dean. I don't care how you deal with this. But you have to deal with it, man. Listen, I'm your brother, all right? I just want to make sure you're okay. 
 Dean: Dude, I'm okay. I'm okay, okay? I swear, the next person who asks me if I'm okay, I'm going to start throwing punches. These are your issues, quit dumping them on me! 
 Sam: What are you talking about? 
 Dean: I just think it's really interesting, this sudden obedience you have to Dad. It's like, oh, what would Dad want me to do? Sam, you spent your entire life slugging it out with that man. I mean, hell, you, you picked a fight with him the last time you ever saw him. And now that he's dead, now you want to make it right? Well, I'm sorry Sam, but you can't, it's too little, too late. 
 Sam: Why are you saying this to me? 
 Dean: Because I want you to be honest with yourself about this. I'm dealing with Dad's death! Are you? 
 Sam: I'm going to call Ellen. 
 LATER 
 Further down the road, Sam is hanging up the phone. 
 Sam: Thanks. 
 (to Dean) 
 Rakshasa. 
 Dean: What's that? 
 Sam: Ellen's best guess. It's a race of ancient Hindu creatures, they appear in human form, they feed on human flesh, they can make themselves invisible, and they cannot enter a home without first being invited. 
 Dean: So they dress up like clowns, and the children invite them in. 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: Why don't they just munch on the kids? 
 Sam: No idea. Not enough meat on the bones, maybe? 
 Dean: What else'd you find out? 
 Sam: Well, apparently, Rakshasas live in squalor. They sleep on a bed of dead insects. 
 Dean: Nice. 
 Sam: Yeah, and they have to feed a few times every twenty or thirty years. Slow metabolism, I guess. 
 Dean: Well, that makes sense. I mean, the Carnival today, the Bunker Brothers' in '81 
 Sam: Right. Probably more before that. 
 Dean: Hey Sam, who do we know that worked both shows? 
 Sam: Cooper? 
 Dean: Cooper. 
 Sam: You know, that picture of his father, that looked just like him. 
 Dean: You think maybe it was him? 
 Sam: Well, who knows how old he is? 
 Dean: Ellen say how to kill him? 
 Sam: Legend goes, a dagger made of pure brass. 
 Dean: I think I know where to get one of those. 
 Sam: Well, before we go stabbing things into Cooper, we're going to want to make damn sure it's him. 
 Dean: Oh, you're such a stickler for details, Sammy. All right, I'll round up the blade, you go check if Cooper's got bedbugs. 
 EXT. CARNIVAL - NIGHT 
 Sam picks the lock on Cooper's trailer and goes inside. Elsewhere, the Blind Man is leading Dean. 
 Blind Man: Well, I've got all kinds of knives. I don't know if I've got a brass one, though. 
 In Cooper's trailer, Sam pulls out a pocket knife and starts slicing open the mattress. A shotgun cocks behind him; Cooper is there, pointing the gun at him. 
 Cooper: What do you think you're doing? 
 In Blind Man's trailer, he leads Dean in and taps a trunk with his cane. 
 Blind Man: Check the trunk. 
 Dean opens the trunk and finds a red clown wig. He pauses, stands. 
 Dean: You? 
 Blind Man drops his cane, pulls off his glasses; his eyes look normal, then go cloudy and his face begins to melt. He waves, then disappears. 
 END ACT THREE 
 ACT FOUR  
 Dean struggles with the door in Blind Man's trailer, trying to get out. A knife flies past his head to bury in the door. He jumps. Another lands with a thunk a little higher. 
 Dean: All right! 
 He manages to get the door open and books it out of there, tumbling. Outside, Sam catches up with him. 
 Sam: Hey! Hey. So, Cooper thinks I'm a Peeping Tom, but it's not him. 
 Dean: Yeah, so I gathered. It's the blind guy, he's here somewhere. 
 Sam: Well, did you get the - 
 Dean: The brass blades? No, it's been one of those days. 
 Sam: I got an idea. Come on. 
 They enter the funhouse; as they go through, a door slams between them. They struggle to open it. 
 Dean: Sam! 
 Sam: Dean! Dean, find the maze, okay? 
 Sam finds a pipe organ, which is giving off steam. He grabs for one of the pipes, flinching from the heat. He takes something from his pocket and starts pulling off a pipe. Dean comes around the corner. 
 Dean: Hey. 
 Sam: Hey! Where is it? 
 Dean: I don't know, I mean, shouldn't we see its clothes walking around? 
 A knife flies past Dean, pinning his sleeve to the wall. Another one pins his wrist. 
 Dean: Sam! 
 Sam pulls the pipe all the way off and stalks forward slowly. A knife flies past his head; he dodges. 
 Sam: Dean, where is it? 
 Dean: I don't know. 
 Dean reaches up and pulls a lever; more steam pours from the pipe organ, giving a vague shape to the invisible attacker, which Dean sees. 
 Dean: Sam, behind you! Behind you! 
 Sam stabs the pipe behind him without looking. He turns and sees it buried in the still-invisible creature, blood pouring from the wound. Dean manages to free himself. They look to where it's fallen and see only empty clothes and a bloody pipe. 
 Dean: I hate funhouses. 
 END ACT FOUR 
 ACT FIVE  
 INT. ROADHOUSE SALOON - DAY 
 Dean and Sam are sitting at the bar; Ellen lays down a couple of beers. 
 Ellen: You boys did a hell of a job. Your dad would be proud. 
 Sam: Thanks. 
 Jo, sitting down on the other side of Dean, gives Sam a look. 
 Sam: Oh yeah, um, I've gotta... uh, I've gotta go. Over there. Right now. 
 Jo: So. (clears throat) 
 Dean: So. 
 Jo: Am I gonna see you again? 
 Dean: Do you want to? 
 Jo: I wouldn't hate it. 
 Dean: Hmm. Can I be honest with you? See, normally I'd be hitting on you so fast it'd make your head spin. But, uh, these days... I don't know. 
 Jo: Wrong place, wrong time? 
 Dean: Yeah. 
 Jo: It's okay, I get it. 
 The back door opens and Ash enters, carrying the folder and a bizarre looking laptop. 
 Ash: Where you guys been? Been waitin' for ya. 
 Sam: We were working a job, Ash. Clowns? 
 Ash: Clowns? What the f- 
 Dean: You got something for us, Ash? 
 Ash sets the laptop down on a table. It looks homemade, with exposed wiring. 
 Sam: Did you find the demon? 
 Ash: It's nowhere around. At least, nowhere I can find. But if this fugly b*st*rd raises his head, I'll know. I mean, I'm on it like Divine on dog dookie. 
 Sam: What do you mean? 
 Ash: I mean, any of those signs or omens appear, anywhere in the world. my rig'll go off. Like a fire alarm. 
 Dean reaches for the laptop. Ash gives him a look. 
 Dean: Do you mind...yeah. 
 Ash: Hey, what's up, man? 
 Sam: Ash, where did you learn to do all this? 
 Ash: M.I.T. Before I got bounced for... fighting. 
 Sam: M.I.T.? 
 Ash: It's a school in Boston. 
 Dean: Okay. You give us a call as soon as you know something? 
 Ash: Si, si, compadre. 
 Dean takes another sip of his beer, then sets it down. Ash picks it up. Dean and Sam get up to leave. 
 Ellen: Hey, listen, if you boys need a place to stay I've got a couple beds out back. 
 Dean: Thanks, but no. There's something I gotta finish. 
 Ellen: Okay. 
 EXT. JUNKYARD - DAY 
 Dean is working on the car again, Sam pacing nearby. 
 Sam: You were right. 
 Dean: About what? 
 Sam: About me and dad. I'm sorry that the last time I was with him I tried to pick a fight. I'm sorry that I spent most of my life angry at him. I mean, for all I know he died thinking that I hate him. So you're right. What I'm doing right now, it's too little. It's too late. 
 (beat) 
 I miss him, man. And I feel guilty as hell. And I'm not all right. Not at all. But neither are you. That much I know. 
 (pause) 
 I'll let you get back to work. 
 Sam leaves. Dean is still for a moment. He picks up a crowbar and smashes the window of a nearby car. Then he starts slamming it into the trunk of his own car, over and over. It clatters to the ground, and Dean looks after where Sam has gone, lip trembling. 
 transcription by gelasius 10/06/06 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 