Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Nightmare - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Nightmare https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6574 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/09/06 10:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Nightmare 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.14 Nightmare 
 Air Date: 7 Feb 2006 
 Teaser  
 SUBURBAN NEIGHBOURHOOD. NIGHT. 
 A man drives down the street, into his garage and turns off the engine. A close up of the Michigan number plate. The garage door starts winding down by itself and he looks at it, confused. His car doors then self lock. He struggles but cannot open them. The ignition key turns by itself and the engine starts. Exhaust smoke begins filling the garage. The man struggles to turn off the engine to no avail. The radio flicks on. The man begins to cough. 
 Man: Help. Somebody help me! 
 By now the smoke is very thick and he keels over, unconcious. 
 ACT ONE  
 INT. NIGHT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Sam starts up from his bed, suddenly wide awake. He looks across to where Dean is sleeping peacefully. Sam sits a moment, then moves into action, flipping on the light switch and shaking his brother. 
 Sam: Dean. Dean. 
 The moment Dean stirs, Sam rises and starts gathering his things. 
 Dean: (rubbing his eyes) What are you doing man, it's the middle of the night. 
 Dean raises himself on his elbows. 
 Sam: We have to go. 
 Dean: (Immediately alert but not alarmed) What's happening? 
 Sam: We have to go. Right now. 
 Sam grabs his bag and walks out. 
 ... 
 INTERIOR OF Impala. NIGHT. 
 Dean is driving, Sam is on the phone. 
 Sam: (reading from a Michigan State Police ID) McReady. Detective McReady. Badge number 158. I've got a signal 480 in progress, I need the registered owner of a two door sedan, Michigan licence plate Mary-Frank-six-zero-three-seven. Yeah ok, just hurry. 
 Dean: Sammy relax. I'm sure it's just a nightmare. 
 Sam: Yeah, tell me about it. 
 Dean: I mean it. Y'know, a normal, everyday, naked-in-class, nightmare. This licence plate, it won't check out. You'll see. 
 Sam: It felt different Dean. Real. Like when I dreamt about our old house. And Jessica. 
 Dean: Yeah, that makes sense. You're dreaming about our house, your girlfriend. This guy in your dream, you ever seen him before? 
 Sam: No. 
 Dean: No. Exactly. Why would you have premonitions about some random dude in Michigan. 
 Sam: I don't know. 
 Dean: Me neither. 
 Sam: (into phone) Yes I'm here. 
 He listens, glares at Dean, then picks up his pen. 
 Sam: Jim Miller. Saginaw, Michigan. You have a street address? Got it. Thanks. 
 Sam: (hanging up phone) Checks out. How far are we? 
 Dean: From Saginaw? Coupla hours. 
 Sam: Drive faster. 
 ... 
 EXT. NIGHT. JIM Miller's HOUSE. 
 The Impala cruises to a stop, the boys see the Emergency vehicles and someone on a stretcher being zipped into a body bag. They turn to each other in the car, Dean concerned, Sam upset. 
 ... 
 TITLE CARD: SUPERNATURAL 
 ... 
 EXT. JIM's HOUSE. 
 Dean approaches the watching crowd. 
 Dean: (To a woman) What happened? 
 Woman: Suicide. Can't believe it 
 Sam: (Coming up behind and standing on the woman's other side) Did you know them? 
 Woman: Saw him in every Sunday at St Augustines. He always seems...seemed, so normal. I guess you never know what's going on behind closed doors. 
 Dean: (Staring straight ahead) Guess not. 
 Sam: How did...ahh. How are they saying it happened? 
 Woman: I heard they found him in the garage, locked inside his car with the engine running. 
 Sam: Do you know about what time they found him? 
 Woman: Oh it just happened about an hour or two ago. His poor family. I can't even imagine what they're going through. 
 A woman stands on the front step of the house, crying and leaning against a middle aged man. A young man stands behind them, looking distraught. 
 Sam watches, grimacing, them turns to walk away. Dean notices and follows him back to lean against the Impala's bonnet. 
 Dean: Sam we got here as fast we we could. 
 Sam: Not fast enough. It doesn't make any sense man. Why would I even have these premonitions if there wasn't a chance I could stop them from happening? 
 Dean: I dunno. 
 Sam: (Shaking his head and sighing). So what do you think killed him? 
 Dean: Maybe the guy just killed himself? Maybe there's nothing supernatural going on at all. 
 Sam: (shaking his head) I'm telling you, I watched it happen. He was murdered by something Dean. I watched it trap him in the garage. 
 Dean: What was it, a spirit, poltergeist, what? 
 Sam: (getting a little worked up) I don't know what it was. I don't know why I'm having these dreams, I don't know what the hell is happening Dean. 
 Dean stares at Sam for a long moment. 
 Sam: What. 
 Dean: (Shrugging). Nothing. I'm just, I'm worried about you man. 
 Sam: Well, don't look at me like that! 
 Dean: (Looking away) I'm not looking at you like anything. 
 Dean: (Glancing back) Though I gotta say, you do look like crap. 
 Sam: Nice. Thanks. 
 Dean: (moving to open the car door) Come on, lets just pick this up in the morning. We'll check out the house, talk to the family. 
 Sam: Dean, you saw them, they're devastated They're not going to want to talk to us. 
 Dean: (Thinking) Yeah you're right. But I think I know who they will talk to. 
 Sam: Who? 
 Dean smirks 
 ... 
 EXT. DAY. Miller HOUSE 
 Dean's hand (wearing his silver ring) reaches out to a doorbell. Cut to close up of Sam's face, his hair slicked back neatly. 
 Sam: (Sighing) This has gotta be a whole new low for us. 
 Dean turns to smirk at Sam, then looks back at the door. 
 The Man comforting Ms. Miller on the step the night before opens the door. We see Sam and Dean are dressed as priests in black suits. 
 Dean: The man nods. 
 Dean: (Entering) Thanks. 
 Sam: We're very sorry for your loss. 
 Dean: It's in difficult times like these when the Lord's guidance is most needed. 
 Man: Look, you wanna pitch your whole 'Lord has a plan' thing? Fine. Just don't pitch it to me. My brother's dead. 
 Ms. Miller appears. 
 Ms. Miller: Roger. Please! 
 Roger: (Moving away) Excuse me. 
 Ms. Miller: I'm sorry about my brother in law. He's...he's just so upset about Jim's death. Would you like some coffee? 
 Dean: That would be great. 
 ... 
 INT. LOUNGE ROOM. 
 Dean is on the lounge, Sam in an armchair. Ms. Miller pours coffee and hands it around. 
 Ms. Miller: It was wonderful of you to stop by. The support of the church means so much right now. 
 Dean: Of course. After all we are all God's children. 
 She walks away and Dean immediately takes more cocktail sausages from the coffee table. Chewing contentedly, he looks at Sam shaking his head. 
 Dean: What? 
 Sam: Just...tone it down a little bit,  Father. 
 Ms. Miller returns. 
 Dean: So Ms Miller, did you husband have a history of depression? 
 Ms. Miller: Nothing like that. (Beginning to be upset) We had our ups and downs like everyone but we were happy. (Breaking down) I just don't understand...how Jim could do something like this. 
 Sam: I'm so sorry you had to find him like that. 
 Ms. Miller: (Gesturing behind her) Actually, our son Max, he was the one who found him. 
 Sam looks through the doors into the dining room and sees Max sitting in the corner, staring into space. 
 Sam: Do you mind if maybe, I go talk to him? 
 Ms. Miller: Oh thank you Father. 
 ... 
 Sam approaches Max in the other room. 
 Sam: Max? Hey, I'm Sam. 
 ... 
 Dean: Ms Miller you have a lovely home. How long have you lived here? 
 Ms. Miller: We moved in about five years ago. 
 Dean: The only problem with these old houses. I bet you have all kind of headaches. 
 Ms. Miller: Like what? 
 Dean: Well, weird leaks, electrical shortages, odd settling noises at night. That kind of thing. 
 Ms. Miller: No, nothing like that. It's been perfect. 
 Dean: Huh. May I use your restroom. 
 Ms. Miller: Oh sure, it's just up the stairs. 
 Dean rises, taking another cocktail sausage. 
 ... 
 Sam: So what was your Dad like? 
 Max: Just a normal Dad. 
 Sam: Yeah. You live at home now? 
 Max: Yeah. Trying to save up for school but it's hard. 
 Sam: So when you found your dad... 
 Max: I woke up, I heard the engine running. (long pause) I don't know why he did it. 
 Sam: I know it's rough, losing a parent. Especially when you don't have all the answers. 
 ... 
 INT. UPSTAIRS. 
 Dean enters the hallway. Checking the coast is clear, he pulls an infer-red thermal scanner from his pocket and turns it on, shining it into rooms as he passes. As he reaches the end of the hall he hears footsteps coming up the stairs and hastily hides the scanner. Sam appears. 
 Sam: Anything? 
 Dean: Zip. 
 They move back down the stairs together. 
 ... 
 INT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Dean is cleaning his weapons, Sam enters. 
 Dean: What do you have? 
 Sam: A whole lotta nothing. Nothing bad has happened in the Miller house since it was built. 
 Dean: What about the land? 
 Sam: (sinking onto his bed) No grave yards, battle fields, tribal lands or any other kind of atrocity on or near the property. 
 Dean: Hey man I told you, I searched that house up and down. No cold spots, sulfer scent. Nada. 
 Sam: And the family said everything was normal? 
 Dean: Well, if there was a demon or poltergiest in there you think somebody would have noticed something? I used the infer-red thermal scanner man, and there was nothing. 
 Sam: So what, you think Jim Miller killed himself and my dream was just some sorta freakish coincidence? 
 Dean: I dunno. I'm pretty sure there's nothing supernatural about that house. 
 Sam: (rubbing his temples) Yeah. Well, maybe it has nothing to do with the house. (he takes a deep breath, holding his head). Maybe it's just...Gosh (holding his hand to his forehead)... maybe it's connected to Jim in some other way? 
 Dean: What's wrong with you? 
 Sam: (making anguished noises and sinking from the bed to crouch on the floor) Ahh. My head. 
 Dean: (leaving his bed) Sam? Hey, (He crouches and grabs Sam's arms.) Hey! What's going on? Talk to me. 
 Sam stares at Dean. Suddenly Sam flashes out of the motel room and is a fly on the wall, watching Roger enter his kitchen with groceries. He notices the window is open and closes and locks it. When he returns to unpacking the lock moves by itself and the window slides open again. Roger is confused. He attempts to close it but it sticks. He leans out, twisting to look up at the top of the window. The window slides closed, decapitating him. Blood gushes up over the window. 
 Sam focuses back to Dean in the motel room. 
 Sam: It's happening again. Something's gunna kill Roger Miller. 
 END ACT ONE 
 ACT TWO  
 EXT. Impala. 
 Dean is driving. 
 Sam: (slowly into his phone, holding his head) Roger Miller. Ah no no,just the address please. Ok, thanks 
 Sam: (to Dean) 450 West Grove, Apartment 1120. 
 Dean: You ok? 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: If you're gunna hurl I'll pull the car over you know, cause the upholstery... 
 Sam: I'm fine. 
 Dean: All right. 
 Sam: Just drive. 
 Sam looks at Dean, sighes heavily, and looks away. 
 Sam: Dean I'm scared man. These nightmares weren't bad enough, now I'm seeing things when I'm awake? And these, visions, or whatever, they're getting more intense. And painful. 
 Dean: Come on man, you'll be all right. It'll be fine. 
 Sam: What is it about the Millers. Why am I connected to them, why am I watching them die? Why the hell is this happening to me? 
 Dean: I don't know Sam but we'll figure it out. We've faced the unexplainable every day. This is just another thing. 
 Sam: No. It's never been us. It's never been in the family like this. Tell the truth, you can't tell me this doesn't freak you out. 
 Dean: (After staring straight ahead for a long moment) This doesnt freak me out. 
 Sam stares at him, then turns away. 
 ... 
 EXT. Roger Miller's APARTMENT BLOCK. 
 The Impala pulls up as Roger approaches the entrance with a bag of groceries. 
 Sam: (out the window) Hey Roger. 
 Roger: What are you guys, missionaries? Leave me alone. 
 Sam: Please! 
 But Roger is gone. Dean guns the engine, jumping the curb as he hurriedly parks. 
 Sam: (Getting out and running) Hey. Roger. We're trying to help! 
 Sam: Please! Hey, hey hey hey hey. 
 Sam runs up to the entrance just as Roger closes the door it behind him. 
 Roger: I don't want your help. 
 Roger walks away. 
 Sam: (Calling after him) We're not priests, you gotta listen to us! 
 Dean: Roger, you're in danger! 
 Dean 
 (Looking around) Come on. Come on come on. 
 Sam and Dean run around the corner to a back entrance, it is securely locked. Dean quickly looks around then kicks it open. They jump to the first level of the fire escape then run up the stairs. When they are one floor from Roger's house, they hear the window slide down and a wet squelching noise. Sam freezes, Dean sprints past him and grabs the railing. Roger's head lies in the flower bed under the window, his blood all over the kitchen window. Sam joins him. After a long pause he pulls material (hankerchief?) from his pocket, throwing one to Sam and starting to wipe down the railing. 
 Dean: Start wiping down yout fingerprints, we don't want the cops to know we were here. Come on, come on! 
 Dean: (Using his rag to push up the window leading out to the fire escape) I'm gunna take a look inside. 
 Sam continues wiping down the metal railing. 
 ... 
 Dean: I'm telling you there was nothing in there. No signs either, just like the Miller's house. 
 Sam: I saw something, in the vision. Like a dark shape. Something was...something was stalking Roger. 
 Dean: Whatever it was, are you sure it's not connected to their house? 
 Sam: No, it's connected to the family themselves. So what do you think, like a vengeful spirit? 
 Dean: Well yeah, there's a few that have been known to latch onto families, follow them for years. 
 Sam: Angiak. Banshees. 
 Dean: Basically like a curse. So maybe Roger and Jim Miller got involved in something heavy, something curse worthy. 
 Sam: And now the something is out for revenge. And the men in their family are dying. 
 Sam: Hey you think Max is in Danger? 
 Dean: Let's figure it our before he is. 
 Sam: Well, I know one thing I have in common with these people. 
 Dean: What's that? 
 Sam: Both our families are cursed. 
 Dean: (Huffing)Our family's not cursed! We just...had our dark spots. 
 Sam: Our dark spots are...pretty dark. 
 Dean: You're...dark. 
 ... 
 INT. THE Miller HOUSE. 
 Max leads Sam and Dean in. They are wearing their priests outfits. 
 Max: My Mom's resting, she's pretty wrecked. 
 Dean: Of course. 
 Max: All these people kept coming with like, casseroles? I finally had to tell them all to go away. You know cause nothing says I'm sorry like a tuna casserole. 
 Sam smiles. Max smiles back. 
 Max gestures to the lounge and they all take seats. There is a moments silence, then Sam sighs. 
 Sam: (Softly) How you holding up? 
 Max: Ok. 
 Sam: You're dad and your uncle were close. 
 Max: Yeah I guess. I mean, they were brothers. They used to hang out all the time when I was little. 
 Sam: But not lately much? 
 Max: No, it's not that. It's just...we used to be neighbours when I was a kid, and we lived across town in this house. Uncle Roger lived next door, so he was over all the time. 
 Sam: Right. So how was it in that house when you were a kid? 
 Max: It was fine. Why? 
 Dean: All good memories? Do you remember anything unusual? Something involving your father and your uncle maybe? 
 Max: (shaking his head) What do ya...why do you ask? 
 Dean: Just a question. 
 Max: No, there was nothing. We were totally normal. Happy. 
 Dean: Good. That's good. Well you must be exhausted. We should take off. 
 Sam: Right. (To Max) Thanks. 
 Max: Yeah. 
 ... 
 EXT. Miller HOUSE. 
 Sam and Dean walk down the drive to stand beside the Impala. 
 Dean: No one's family is totally normal and happy. See when he was talking about his old house? 
 Sam: He sounded scared. 
 Dean: Yeah Max isn't telling us everything. I say we go find the old neighbourhood, find out what life was really like for the Millers. 
 ... 
 EXT. ANOTHER SUBURB. 
 Sam and Dean stand on the footpath, talking to a man in his front yard. 
 Sam: Have you lived in the neighbourhood very long? 
 Man: Yeah, almost 20 years now. It's nice and quiet. Why, you looking to buy? 
 Sam: No, no, actually, we were wondering if you might recall a family that used to live right across the street I believe. 
 Dean: Yeah the Millers. They had a little boy called Max. 
 Sam: Right. 
 Man: I remember. The brother had the place next door. So uh, what's this about, is that poor kid ok? 
 Sam: What do you mean? 
 Man: Well in my life I've never seen a child treated like that. I mean I'd hear Mr Miller yelling and throwing things clear across the street, he was a mean drunk. He used to beat the tar outta Max. Bruises. Broke his arm two times that I know of. 
 Sam: This was going on regularly? 
 Man: Practically every day. In fact that thug brother of his was just as likely to take a swing at the boy but the worst part was the stepmother. She'd just stand there, checked out, not lifting a finger to protect him. I must have called the police seven or eight times. Never did any good. 
 Dean: Now you said step-mother. 
 Man: I think his real mother died. Some sorta...accident. Car accident I think. 
 Sam has his hand to his head and is grimacing. 
 Man: Are you ok there? 
 Sam: (wincing) uh, yeah. 
 Dean: (holding an arm out toward Sam) Thanks for your time. 
 Sam: (lifting his hands to his head) Yeah, thank you. 
 They turn to go, Dean supporting Sam. 
 Sam: God. 
 Sam looks up and the words spins. He is suddenly in the Miller's kitchen. Ms Miller is chopping vegetable with a large knife. 
 Ms. Miller: (Laying the knife down) I don't know what you mean by that. You know I never did anything! 
 Max: That's right. You didn't do anything. (the knife starts to rattle on the chopping board) You didn't stop them, not once. (The knife lifts into the air) 
 Ms. Miller: (backing up against the wall) How did you... 
 The knife moves forward to hold her against the wall. 
 Ms. Miller: Max! please! 
 The knife twists in front of her face, coming close enough to her eyeball to pierce the tear there so it runs down her cheek. She gasps. 
 Max: (with tears in his voice) For everytime you stood there and watched. Pretending it wasn't happening. 
 Ms. Miller: I'm sorry. 
 Max: No you're not. you just don't wanna die. 
 Ms. Miller gasps and cries. The knife slices right through her eye and out the back of her head. 
 END ACT TWO 
 
 
 
 ACT THREE  
 INT. Impala. 
 Sam: Max is doing it. Everything I've been seeing 
 Dean: You sure about this? 
 Sam: Yeah, I saw him. 
 Dean: How's he pulling it off? 
 Sam: I don't know, telekinesis? 
 Dean: What so he's psychic, a spoon bender? 
 Sam: I didn't even realise it but this whole he was there. He was outside the garage when his Dad died, outside the apartment when his Uncle died. These visions, this whole time. I wasn't connecting to the Millers, I was connecting to Max! The thing is I don't get why, man. I guess because we're so alike? 
 Dean: What are you talking about. The dude's nothing like you. 
 Sam: Well. We both have psychic abilities, we both... 
 Dean: Both what? Sam, Max is a monster, he's already killed two people, now he's gunning for a third. 
 Sam: Well, with what he went through, the beatings, to want revenge on those people? I'm sorry but it doesn't sound insane. 
 Dean: Yeah but it doesn't justify murdering your entire family! 
 Sam: Dean... 
 Dean: (Pulling over at Max's house) He's no different from anything else we've hunted, all right? We gotta end him. 
 Sam: We're not going to kill Max. 
 Dean: Then what? Hand him over to the cops and say 'Lock him up officer he kills with the power of his mind. 
 Sam: No way. Forget it. 
 Dean: (Turning off the engine) Sam... 
 Sam: Dean. He's a person. We can talk to him. Hey, promise me you'll follow my lead on this one. 
 Dean: (After a long pause) All right fine. But I'm not letting him hurt anybody else. 
 ... 
 INT. KITCHEN. 
 Repeat of earlier scene. 
 Ms. Miller: You know I never did anything. 
 Max: That's right. You didn't do anything. You didn't stop them, not once! 
 Sam and Dean burst through the front door. 
 Ms. Miller: Fathers? 
 Max: What are you doing here? 
 Dean: Ahh, sorry to interrupt. 
 Sam: Max, can we talk to you outside for just one second? 
 Max: (Suspicious) About what? 
 Sam: It's...it's private. We wouldn't want to bother your mother with it. 
 Sam: (To Ms. Miller) We won't be long at all though, I promise. 
 Max: (looking at his mother, then back) Ok. 
 Sam: Great. 
 Dean and Sam turn for the door, Max follows. As Dean grasps the doorknob he turns back to smile at Max. Max see's the butt of the pistol in Dean's waistband in the hall mirror. Suddenly the knob is pulled from Dean's hand and the door slams shut, as do the wooden window blinds all around the room. 
 Max: (backing up) You're not priests. 
 Dean draws his gun but Max uses his power to pull it away, sliding it across the floor to where he can pick it up. He hold's it on Sam and Dean. 
 Ms. Miller: Max what's happening? 
 Max: Shut up. 
 Ms. Miller: What are you doing? 
 Using his power, Max flings Ms. Miller backwards. She hits her head on the kitchen bench and falls to the ground unconcious. 
 Max: I said shut up! 
 Sam: Max calm down. 
 Max: Who are you? 
 Sam: We just wanna talk. 
 Max: Yeah right, that's why you bought this! (Indictating the gun) 
 Sam: That was a mistake all right? So was lying about who we were. But no more lying Max ok? Just please, hear me out. 
 Max: About what? 
 Sam: I saw you do it. I saw you kill your Dad and you Uncle before it happened. 
 Max: What? 
 Sam: I'm having visions Max. About you. 
 Max: You're crazy. 
 Sam: So what, you weren't gunna launch a knife at your stepmom? (Sam taps his eye) Right here? Is it that hard to believe Max, look what you can do. Max I was drawn here all right? I think I'm here to help you. 
 Max: (crying) No one can help me. 
 Sam: Let me try, we'll just talk, me and you. We'll get Dean and Alice out of here. 
 Dean: Uh-huh. No way. 
 Sam and Dean look up as the chandelier begins to shake. 
 Max: Nobody leaves this house! 
 Sam: And nobody has to, all right? They'll just...they'll just go upstairs. 
 Dean: Sam I'm not leaving you alone with him. 
 Sam: Yes you are. Look, Max. You're in charge here, all right, we all know that. No one's going to do anything you don't want to do but I'm talking five minutes here man. 
 Dean: Sam! 
 Max: (looking back at his stepmother) Five minutes? (the chandelier stops shaking) Go. 
 Dean moves to pick up Ms. Miller 
 ... 
 INT. Miller HOUSE. LOUNGE. 
 Sam and Max sit in the lounge. Max stares at a letter opener and it raises on it's point and begins twirling slowly. 
 Sam: Look, I can't begin to understand what you went through. 
 Max: That's right you can't. 
 Sam: Max, this has to stop. 
 Max: It will, after my stepmother... 
 Sam: No. You need to let her go. 
 Max: Why? 
 Sam: Did she beat you? 
 Max: No, but she never tried to save me, she's a part of it too. 
 Sam: What they did to you, what they all did to you growing up, they deserve to be punished... 
 Max: Growing up? Try last week. 
 Max gets up and lifts his shirt. His chest and side are a mass of bruises. 
 Max: My dad still hit me. Just in places people wouldn't see it. Old habits die hard I guess. 
 Sam: (softly) I'm sorry. 
 Max: When I first found out I could move things it was a gift. My whole life I was helpless but now I had this. So last week Dad gets drunk. The first time in a long time. And he beats me to hell, first time in a long time. And then I knew what I had to do. 
 Sam: Why didn't you just leave? 
 Max: It wasn't about getting away. Just knowing they would still be out there. It was about...not being afraid. When my Dad used to look at me, there was hate in his eyes. Do you know what that feels like? 
 Sam: No. 
 Max: He blamed me for everything. For his job, for his life, for my Mom's death. 
 Sam: Why would he blame you for your Mom's death? 
 Max: Because she died in my nursery, while I was asleep in my crib. As if that makes it my fault. 
 Sam: (Looking shocked) She died in your nursery? 
 Max: There was a fire. And he'd get drunk and babble on like she died in some insane way. He said that she burned up. Pinned to the ceiling! 
 END ACT THREE 
 ACT FOUR  
 INT. Miller HOUSE. LOUNGE. 
 Sam: (In shock) Listen to me Max. What your Dad said, about what happened to your Mom. It's real. 
 Max: What? 
 Sam: It happened to my Mom too, exactly the Same. My nursery, my crib, my Dad saw her on the ceiling. 
 Max: Your Dad must have been as drunk as mine. 
 Sam: No, no. It's the Same thing, Max. The Same thing killed out Mothers. 
 Max: That's impossible. 
 Sam: This must be why I'm having visions during the day. Why they're getting more intense. Cause you and I must be connected in some way. Your abilities, they started 6-7 months ago right, out of the blue? 
 Max: How'd you know that? 
 Sam: Cause that's when my abilities started Max. Yours seem to me much further along but still, this has to mean something right? I mean for some reason, you and I...you and I were chosen. 
 Max: For what? 
 Sam: I don't know. But Dean and I, my brother and I, we're hunting for your Mom's killer. We can find answers, answers that can help us both. But you gotta let us go Max. You gotta let your stepmother go. 
 Max: (Thinking, then starting to shake his head) No. What they did to me. I still have nightmares. I'm so scared all the time, like I'm just waiting for that next beating. I'm so sick of being scared all the time, I just want this to be over! 
 Sam: It won't. Don't you get it? The nightmares won't end, Max. Not like this. It's just, more pain. And it makes you as bad as them. Max, you don't have to go through all this by yourself. 
 Max: I'm sorry. 
 Max uses his powers to fling Sam backwards into the hall closest and slam the door. He looks across and a tall, heavy, hallway bookshelf slides in front of the doors, blocking them. 
 Sam: (Banging on the doors) No. Max! 
 ... 
 INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM. 
 Ms. Miller sits on the bed, Dean crouches beside her, holding a facecloth to her bleeding forehead. The door creaks open on its own and Max walks in. Dean rises and moves purposefully toward Max as the door closes behind him. Max sends Dean flying and he crashes into the wall. 
 Ms. Miller: Max! 
 Max raises Dean's pistol, his hand shaking. 
 Dean: Son of a... 
 Dean rises, freezing when he sees the gun, then again beginning to walk toward Max. He stops when Max lets go of the gun, leaving it floating in mid air. It cocks, then turns to point at Ms. Miller. Dean steps in it's way. 
 Max: (Warningly) Stay back. This is not about you. 
 Dean: You wanna kill her you gotta go through me first 
 Max: Ok. 
 The gun fires. Blood splatters over the wall. We see Dean with a bullethole in the middle of his forehead, eyes blank. He wavers and crashes heavily to the ground. The camera pan's from Ms. Miller's shocked face down to Dean, sprawled on the ground, eyes open. DEAD. 
 ... 
 INT. DOWNSTAIRS CLOSET. 
 Sam comes back to himself, gasping and holding his head and we realise it was a vision. 
 Sam: (Panicked) No. NOOO! 
 The bookcase in front of the closet doors slides away. Sam freezes, then pushes the door with his hand. It swings open. 
 ... 
 INT. UPSTAIRS BEDROOM. 
 The gun, in midair, turns to point at Ms. Miller. 
 Ms. Miller: Max. No. 
 Dean steps in front of her and the gun turns to point at him. 
 Max: Stay back. It's not about you. 
 Dean: You're going to kill her you gotta go through me first. 
 Max: Ok. 
 The door bursts open and Sam comes in. 
 Sam: No don't! Don't! Please. Please. Max. Max. We can help you. All right. But this, what you're doing. It's not the solution. It's not going to fix anything. 
 Max is a mess, he is shaking, sweaty, in tears. He stares at Sam, anguished. Suddenly he relaxes a little, his face clears. 
 Max: You're right. 
 Sam smiles at him, but Max swings away from him to the gun as the gun swings to point at Max. He shoots himself in the head. 
 Sam: NO! 
 END ACT FOUR 
 ACT FIVE  
 INT. DOWNSTAIRS LOUNGE. 
 Ms. Miller: (sitting on couch, in shock) Max attacked me. He threatened me with a gun. 
 Cop: (indicating Sam and Dean) And these two? 
 Ms. Miller: They're...family friends. I called them soon as Max arrived, I was scared. They tried to stop him. They fought for the gun. 
 Cop: Where did Max get the gun? 
 Sam and Dean exchange looks. 
 Ms. Miller: (Beginning to cry and looking at the ceiling) I don't know. He showed up with it and...(she breaks down) 
 Cop: It's all right Ms Miller. 
 Ms. Miller: (Sobbing) I've lost everyone. 
 Cop: (To Sam and Dean) We'll give you a call if we have any further questions. 
 Dean: Thanks officer.(Patting Sam's arm) Come on. 
 ... 
 EXT. Miller HOUSE. 
 Sam and Dean walk down the path. 
 Sam: If I'd just said something else. Gotten through to him somehow. 
 Dean: Ah, don't do that. 
 Sam: Do what? 
 Dean: Torture yourself. It wouldn't have mattered what you said, Max was too far gone. 
 Sam: When I think about how he looked at me man, right before. I shoulda done something. 
 Dean: Come on man, you risked your life. I mean yeah, maybe if we had gotten there 20 years earlier. 
 They move to either side of the Impala. 
 Sam: Well I'll tell you one thing. We're lucky we had Dad. 
 Dean: (Looking astounded...and pleased) Well I never thought I'd hear you say that. 
 Sam: Well, it coulda gone a whole other way after Mom. I little more tequila and a little less demon hunting and we coulda had Max's childhood. All things considered, we turned out ok. Thanks to him. 
 Dean: (Turning back to look at Max's house) All things considered. 
 ... 
 INT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Sam places a bag in the trunk of the Impala which is backed up to the door, and returns inside. 
 Sam: Dean I've been thinking. 
 Dean 
 Well that's never a good thing. 
 Sam: I'm serious. I been thinking, this demon, whatever it is. Why would it kill Mom, and Jessica, and Max's Mother, you know? What does it want? 
 Dean: I have no idea. 
 Sam: Well, you think, maybe, it was after us? After Max and me? 
 Dean: Why would you think that? 
 Sam: I mean, either telekinesis or premonitions, we both had abilities you know? Maybe he was after us for some reason. 
 Dean: Sam. If it had wanted you, it would've just taken you. Ok? This is not your fault, it's not about you. 
 Sam: Then what is it about? 
 Dean: It's about this damn thing that did this to our family. This thing we're gunna find and kill. And that's all. 
 Sam: Actually theres uh...something else too. 
 Dean: Ah jeez what. 
 Sam: When Max left me in that closet, with that big cabinet against the door...I moved it. 
 Dean: Huh. You got a little more upper body strength than I gave you credit for. 
 Sam: No man, I moved it. Like, Max. 
 Dean: (Pausing his gathering of clothes and standing still) Oh. 
 Silence. 
 Dean: (softly) Right. 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: (Picking up a spoon) Bend this. 
 Sam: (Frustrated) I can't just turn it on and off Dean. 
 Dean: Well how'd you do it? 
 Sam: I don't know, I can't control it. I just...I saw you die and it just came out of me, like a punch. You know like...a freak adrenaline thing. 
 Dean: Yeah well I'm sure it won't happen again. 
 Sam: Yeah, maybe. Aren't you worried man. Aren't you worried I could turn into Max or something? 
 Dean: Nope. No way. You know why? 
 Sam: No. Why? 
 Dean: Cause you got one advantage Max didn't have. 
 Sam: Dad? Because Dad's not here Dean. 
 Dean: No. Me. (smirking) As long as I'm around, nothing bad is gunna happen to you. 
 Sam does puppy dog look. 
 Dean: (Slinging his bag over his shoulder and moving toward Sam) Now then. I know what we need to do about your premonitions. I know where we have to go. 
 Sam: Where? 
 Dean: (Dead pan) Vegas. 
 Dean grins at Sam: Sam tilts his head, looks away, looks back, does bitchface and walks out the door to the car. 
 Dean: What? Come on man. Craps tables. We'd clean up! 
 Dean follows Sam to the door and pauses on the threshold. He considers Sam, looking very thoughtful, then turns to pull the door closed. 
 END ACT FIVE 
 END EPISODE. 
 TRANSCRIBED BY TMATEOTB 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 