Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Bloody Mary - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Bloody Mary https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6565 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/13/05 04:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Bloody Mary 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.05 Bloody Mary 
 Air Date: 11 Oct 2005 
 THEN 
 Dean (V.O): Previously on  Supernatural[i]... 
 The Winchesters' suburban home. 
 W HAT  H APPENED 
 &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;T HAT  N IGHT 
 Mary runs up the stairs and into Sam's nursery. 
 John gives baby Sam to Dean. 
 John: Take your brother outside as fast as you can! Now, Dean, go! 
 Dean runs downstairs with Sam. John looks back. 
 W HAT  T HEY 
 &#160;&#160;W ITNESSED 
 Mary burns on the ceiling. 
 John: Mary! No! 
 John watches the nursery burn, Mary with it. 
 S ENT  T WO 
 &#160;&#160;&#160;B ROTHERS 
 On Sylvania Bridge, Dean and Sam turn to face the onlookers. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: Dad's on a hunting trip. 
 Outside Constance's house, Dean fires through the Impala's window at Constance. 
 In Sam's bedroom, Sam pulls out his curved knife. 
 In Sam's apartment, Dean speaks to Sam and Jess. 
 Dean: And he hasn't been home in a few days. 
 O N  A Q UEST 
 &#160;&#160;F OR  A NSWERS 
 22 Y EARS  L ATER 
 In the stairwell from Sam's apartment, Sam speaks to Dean. 
 Sam: I swore I was done hunting. 
 In the Impala, Constance tries to rip Sam's heart out. 
 Dean: I can't do this alone. 
 Blood drips on Sam's forehead and he flinches, opens his eyes, and gasps in horror. Jess is pinned to the ceiling, bleeding. 
 Sam: No! 
 Sam finishes loading a shotgun and tosses it in the Impala's trunk. 
 Sam: We've got work to do. 
 In the Jericho county Sheriff's office, the Sheriff throws down John's journal. 
 This is Dad's single- 
 Dean: -most valuable possession-everything he knows about every evil thing is in here. I think he wants us to- 
 -pick up where he left off. 
 Hunting things. 
 Dean: The family business. 
 Sam: No. I gotta find Jessica's killer. 
 It's the only thing I can think about. 
 Dean: Sam, you know we're gonna find Dad, right? 
 Sam nods. 
 Sam: Yeah. I know. 
 NOW 
 Toledo, Ohio 
 [i]INT. SHOEMAKER LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Three GIRLS are laughing, gathered around a table with candles. The candlelight is the only light. Girl 1: Okay, your turn, truth or dare? LILY Truth. Girl 1: Do you want to make out with Benji Swartz? Girl 2 laughs. LILY Dare. Girl 1: Okay, lame. You have to...say "Bloody Mary" in the bathroom. LILY Is that the best you can come up with? Girl 2 Who's Bloody Mary? Girl 1: She's this witch. LILY I heard she was a lady killed in a car crash. Girl 1: It doesn't matter who she is. Point is, if you say her name three times in the bathroom mirror she appears...and scratches your eyes out! LILY and Girl 2 jump. Girl 2 So why would anyone say it? LILY Because it isn't real. LILY gets up, and Girl 1 hands her a candle. Girl 1: No turning on the lights, and remember...three times. INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT LILY opens the bathroom door. She looks at the shadows on the wall, then closes the door and puts the candle down in front of the mirror. LILY Bloody Mary. This is so stupid. Bloody Mary. The candle flickers. LILY looks at it. A long pause. LILY Bloody Mary. A pause. A loud noise. LILY shrieks. Pounding on the door. EXT. HALLWAY - NIGHT LILY opens the door to find GIRLS 1 and 2, laughing. Girl 1: Scared ya. LILY You guys are jerks. STEVEN Lily. LILY looks up to the top of the stairs, where she sees her father, STEVEN SHOEMAKER. STEVEN Do you mind keeping it down? LILY Sorry, Daddy. GIRLS 1 &amp; 2 Sorry, Mr. Shoemaker. STEVEN heads upstairs. He passes several mirrors; each has BLOODY Mary. INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - NIGHT STEVEN takes some pills out of the bathroom medicine cabinet and closes the cabinet, revealing another mirror. He pops the pills in his mouth, then looks closer at the mirror, noticing some scratches under his eye. INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY LILY and both GIRLS are giggling together. Girl 2 You so like him! DONNA, LILY's older sister, comes in the front door. DONNA Hey, geek. You guys having fun? LILY You're out past curfew. DONNA Thanks, Dad. DONNA goes upstairs. INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT A pool of blood coming out from under the bathroom door. DONNA rounds the corner and sees it, stops, then starts forward more slowly. She hesitantly pushes open the bathroom door, revealing a great deal more blood. DONNA screams. ACT ONE DREAM SEQUENCE INT. StanFORD APARTMENT - NIGHT The entire scene is tinted blue. Jess: Why, Sam? Why, Sam? Sam: No! Jess bursts into flame. Jess: Why, Sam? Why, Sam? Impala INT. Impala - DAY Dean: Sam, wake up. Sam wakes, confused. He sits up and looks around. He's sitting shotgun in the Impala, which is parked in front of a large building. Starring JARED PADALECKI Sam: I take it I was having a nightmare. JENSEN ACKLES Dean: Yeah, another one. Sam: Hey, at least I got some sleep. Dean: You know, sooner or later we're gonna have to talk about this. Sam: Are we here? Dean: Yup. Welcome to Toledo, Ohio. Sam picks up a newspaper with STEVEN SHOEMAKER's obituary circled. SHOEMAKER, Steven The Shoemaker family is sad to announce the sudden death of their beloved husband and father Steven Shoemaker. Steven was 46. A short service will be held on Wednesday, [...]31 at 2:00 p.m. at the Toledo [...]and cherish you [...]Your [...] Sam: So what do you think really happened to this guy? Guest Starring ADRIANNE PALICKI Dean: That's what we're gonna find out. MARNETTE PATTERSON Dean: Let's go. Dean and Sam get out of the car and head up to the building. WILLIAM Taylor CHELAN SIMMONS MORGUE INT. HOSPITAL - DAY KRISTIE MARSDEN Producer PETER JohnSON Sam and Dean head into room 144, marked  Morgue[i]. Supervising Producer PHIL SGRICCIA There's two desks. The empty one has a nameplate that says [i]Dr. D. Feiklowicz[i]. The other one has the MORGUE TECHNICIAN. MORGUE TECH Hey. Dean: Hey. MORGUE TECH Can I help you? Co-Executive Producer RICHARD HATEM Dean: Yeah. We're the, uh...med students. MORGUE TECH Sorry? Co-Executive Producer John SHIBAN Dean: Oh, Doctor- Dean stumbles over the name. Dean: -Figlavitch didn't tell you? Executive Producer McG Dean: We talked to him on the phone. He, uh, we're from Ohio State. Produced by CYRUS YAVNEH Dean: He's supposed to show us the Shoemaker corpse. It's for our paper. MORGUE TECH Well, I'm sorry, he's at lunch. Dean: Oh well he said, uh- Created by ERIC KRIPKE Dean: -oh, well, you know, it doesn't matter. You don't mind just showing us the body, do you? MORGUE TECH Sorry, I can't. Teleplay By RON MILBAUER &amp; TERRI HUGHES BURTON MORGUE TECH Doc will be back in an hour. You can wait for him if you want. Story By ERIC KRIPKE Dean: An hour? Ooh. We gotta be heading back to Columbus by then. Dean looks at Sam. Sam: Yeah. Dean: Uh, look, man, this paper's like half our grade, so if you don't mind helping us out- MORGUE TECH Uh, look, man...no. Dean laughs a little. Directed by PETER ELLIS Dean turns around and mumbles. Dean: I'm gonna hit him in his face I swear. Sam hits Dean on the arm. He steps in front of Dean and opens his wallet and pulls out some twenties. He lays a few of them, at least five, down on the MORGUE TECH's desk. The MORGUE TECH picks up the money. MORGUE TECH Follow me. The MORGUE TECH gets up and leaves. Dean grabs Sam when Sam tries to follow. Dean: Dude, I earned that money. Sam: You won it in a poker game. Dean: Yeah. Sam follows the MORGUE TECH. [i]INT. MORGUE - DAY Sam: Now the newspaper said his daughter found him. She said his eyes were bleeding. The MORGUE TECH pulls back the sheet over STEVEN's face. MORGUE TECH More than that. They practically liquefied. Dean: Any sign of a struggle? Maybe somebody did it to him? MORGUE TECH Nope. Besides the daughter, he was all alone. Sam: What's the official cause of death. MORGUE TECH Ah, Doc's not sure. He's thinking massive stroke, maybe an aneurysm? Something burst up in there, that's for sure. Sam: What do you mean? MORGUE TECH Intense cerebral bleeding. This guy had more blood in his skull than anyone I've ever seen. Sam: The eyes&amp;mash;what would cause something like that? MORGUE TECH Capillaries can burst. See a lot of bloodshot eyes with stroke victims. Dean: Yeah? You ever see exploding eyeballs? MORGUE TECH That's a first for me, but hey, I'm not the Doctor. Dean: Hey, think we could take a look at that police report? You know for, uh...our paper. MORGUE TECH I'm not really supposed to show you that. Sam, annoyed, pulls out his wallet. INT. HOSPITAL - DAY Sam and Dean are walking down stairs. Sam: Might not be one of ours. Might just be some freak medical thing. Dean: How many times in Dad's long and varied career has it actually been a freak medical thing and not some sign of an awful supernatural death? Sam: Uh, almost never. Dean: Exactly. Sam: All right, let's go talk to the daughter. SHOEMAKER HOUSE INT. SHOEMAKER HOUSE - DAY Dean and Sam walk into the funeral. There is a picture of STEVEN SHOEMAKER on the desk. The attendees are all men in black suits and women in black dresses, except Dean and Sam. Dean: Feel like we're underdressed. They keep walking through the house towards the back. EXT. SHOEMAKER BACKYARD - DAY A Man points Dean and Sam towards DONNA and LILY SHOEMAKER, who are with their friends JILL and CHARLIE. Dean: You must be Donna, right? DONNA Yeah. Sam: Hi, uh-we're really sorry. DONNA Thank you. Sam: I'm Sam, this is Dean. We worked with your dad. DONNA looks at CHARLIE, then back at Sam and Dean. DONNA You did? Dean: Yeah. This whole thing. I mean, a stroke. CHARLIE I don't think she really wants to talk about this right now DONNA It's okay. I'm okay. Dean: Were there any symptoms? Dizziness? Migraines? DONNA No. LILY turns around. LILY That's because it wasn't a stroke. DONNA Lily, don't say that. Sam: What? DONNA I'm sorry, she's just upset. LILY No, it happened because of me. DONNA Sweetie, it didn't. Sam: Lily. Sam gets down on eye level with LILY. Sam: Why would you say something like that? LILY Right before he died, I said it. Sam: You said what? LILY Bloody Mary, three times in the bathroom mirror. A pause. LILY She took his eyes, that's what she does. DONNA That's not why Dad died. This isn't your fault. Dean: I think your sister's right, Lily. There's no way it could have been Bloody Mary. Your dad didn't say it, did he? LILY No, I don't think so. INSIDE SHOEMAKER HOUSE INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY Focus on one of the mirrors. Sam and Dean are seen in the mirror approaching it, then rounding the corner. INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - DAY Sam pushes the door open. There is still some dried blood on the floor. Sam: The Bloody Mary legend...Dad ever find any evidence that it was a real thing? Dean: Not that I know of. Dean walks into the bathroom and. Sam stoops to the floor and touches the dried blood. Sam: I mean, everywhere else all over the country, kids will play Bloody Mary, and as far as we know, nobody dies from it. Dean: Yeah, well, maybe everywhere it's just a story, but here it's actually happening. Sam: The place where the legend began? Dean shrugs and opens the medicine cabinet. Sam: But according to the legend, the person who says B- Sam looks at the medicine cabinet mirror, which now faces him, and closes it. Sam: The person who says you know what gets it. But here- Dean: Shoemaker gets it instead, yeah. Sam: Right. Dean: Never heard anything like that before. Still, the guy did die right in front of the mirror, and the daughter's right. The way the legend goes, you know who scratches your eyes out. Sam: It's worth checking in to. INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY A woman visible from knees down approaches. INT. BATHROOM - DAY Sam and Dean leave the bathroom. INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - DAY CHARLIE What are you doing up here? Dean: We-we, had to go to the bathroom. CHARLIE Who are you? Dean: Like we said downstairs, we worked with Donna's dad. CHARLIE He was a day trader or something. He worked by himself. Dean: No, I know, I meant- CHARLIE And all those weird questions downstairs, what was that? So you tell me what's going on, or I start screaming. Sam: All right, all right. We think something happened to Donna's dad. CHARLIE Yeah, a stroke. Sam: That's not a sign of a typical stroke. We think it might be something else. CHARLIE Like what? Sam: Honestly? We don't know yet. But we don't want it to happen to anyone else. That's the truth. Dean: So, if you're gonna scream, go right ahead. CHARLIE Who are you, cops? Sam looks over his shoulder at Dean. Dean: Something like that. Sam: I'll tell you what. Here. Sam reaches into his pocket, pulls out a paper and pen, and starts writing down his cell number. Sam: If you think of anything, you or your friends notice anything strange, out of the ordinary...just give us a call. Sam hands her the paper as he and Dean walk down the hallway. LIBRARY INT. LIBRARY - DAY Sam and Dean walk into a library, rather dark for the time of day. Dean: All right, say Bloody Mary really is haunting this town. There's gonna be some sort of proof—Like a local woman who died nasty. Sam: Yeah but a legend this widespread it's hard. I mean, there's like 50 versions of who she actually is. One story says she's a witch, another says she's a mutilated bride, there's a lot more. {They walk in to the actual library.} Dean: All right so what are we supposed to be looking for? Sam: Every version's got a few things in common. It's always a woman named Mary, and she always dies right in front of a mirror. So we've gotta search local newspapers—public records as far back as they go. See if we can find a Mary who fits the bill. Dean: Well that sounds annoying. Sam: No it won't be so bad, as long as we...{He looks at the computers which all say "Out of Order" on them.} *Chuckles* I take it back. This will be very annoying. {Cut scene to DONNA's friend driving in a car talking on her cell phone.} Charlie I'm not sure. They were cops or Detectives or something. {The phone conversation is between DONNA's friend and another girl who was at the funeral named Jill. Jill is in her room taking off her sweater.} Jill Whoever they were, they were cute. Charlie Jill Jill You didn't think so? Charlie Yeah okay they were cute. Still, do you think something happened to DONNA's dad? Jill Maybe LILY was right. Maybe Bloody Mary got him. Charlie Ha ha, very funny. Jill Wait, I'm sorry. Was that fear I hear in your voice? Charlie No. Jill Charlie, I'm walking to the bathroom mirror right now. Charlie Jill, quit it. Jill {She gets to her bathroom mirror.} Oh no, I can't help myself. I'm gonna say it. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Charlie {There is a silence on the phone.} Jill? {Jill screams.} Jill!?! Jill {Starts laughing} You're such a freak, I'll call you tomorrow. {They hang up the phone and Jill goes to her closet to finish getting changed. She opens the door, and on the inside there is a mirror, where we see Bloody Mary. She closes the closet door and goes to sit down at her vanity, where of course there is another mirror. We see Bloody Mary as she takes her earrings out, and then her reflection again when Jill walks in front of her TV screen. Jill goes back in the bathroom to wash her face, but as she bends down to wash, her reflection in the mirror stays standing. She looks up and sees her reflection looking at her as if it were another person. Jill starts panicking as the reflection in the mirror starts oozing blood out of its eyes. She reaches up and feels blood on her own face.} Reflection You did it. You killed that boy. {Jill falls down after seemingly being strangled to death as her reflection in the mirror watches her.} {COMMERCIAL} 
 
 {Cut to Sam's dream again. The flames sucked up into Jessica's body, we hear "Why Sam?" and Sam wakes up.} Sam: Why'd you let me fall asleep? Dean: Cause I'm an awesome brother. So what did you dream about? Sam: Lollipops and candy canes. Dean: Yeah, sure. Sam: Did you find anything? Dean: Oh besides a whole new level of frustration? {Sam sits up.} No. I've looked at everything. A few local women, a Laura and a Catherine committed suicide in front of a mirror, and a giant mirror fell on a guy named Dave, but uh, no Mary. Sam: {Falls back on the bed.} Maybe we just haven't found it yet. Dean: I've also been searching for strange deaths in the area, you know...eyeball bleeding, that sort of thing. There's nothing. Whatever's happening here, maybe it just ain't Mary. {Sam's cell phone rings. He answers it.} Sam: Hello? {We do not hear who is calling, but a look of concern comes across Sam's face.} {Cut scene to a park bench. Charlie is sitting there and Dean is sitting on the back of it, and Sam is standing there. Charlie is crying.} Charlie And they found her on the bathroom floor. And her—her eyes. They were gone. Sam: I'm sorry. Charlie And she said it. {Dean looks up at Sam.} I heard her say it. But it couldn't be because of that. I'm insane, right? Dean: No, you're not insane. Charlie Oh God, that makes me feel so much worse. Sam: Look. We think something's happening here. Something that can't be explained. Dean: And we're gonna stop it but we could use your help. {Cut scene to Jill's room. Charlie comes in and locks the door. She then goes over to the window and opens it, where Sam and Dean are waiting to enter. Sam enters first and Dean throws him a duffel bag. Sam sets it on the bed and starts going through it.} Sam: What did you tell Jill's mom? Charlie Just that I needed some time alone with Jill's pictures and things. {Sam pulls something out of the bag and Dean shuts the curtains.} I hate lying to her. Dean: Trust us, this is for the greater good. Hit the lights. Charlie {goes over to turn off the lights.} What are you guys looking for? Dean: We'll let you know as soon as we find it. Sam: {has a digital camera ready, and hands it to Dean.} Hey, night vision. {Dean turns on the night vision for him.} Perfect. {The digital camera is aimed at Dean.} Dean: Do I look like Paris Hilton? {Sam walks away with the camera. He opens Jill's closet door and begins filming around the mirror.} Sam: So I don't get it. I mean...the first victim didn't summon Mary, and the second victim did. How's she choosing them? Dean: Beats me. {Sam closes the closet door.} Dean: I want to know why Jill said it in the first place. Charlie It's just a joke. Dean: Yeah well somebody's gonna say it again, it's just a matter of time. {Sam is in the bathroom filming around the mirror when he stops and sees trickles of something running out from behind the mirror.} Sam: Hey. {Dean and Charlie turn to look at him.} There's a black light in the trunk, right? {Sam has carried the mirror out to Jill's bed and lays it on the bed upside down. Dean throws him a black light. Sam peels off the brown paper that is on the back of the mirror. Sam shines the black light over the back of the mirror and we see a handprint, and the words "Gary Bryman."} Charlie Gary Bryman? Sam: You know who that is? Charlie No. {Cut scene to outside, again on a bench. Dean and Charlie are sitting on it, and Sam comes up behind them.} Sam: So, Gary Bryman was an 8-year-old boy. Two years ago he was killed in a hit and run. The car was described as a black Toyota Camry. But nobody got the plates or saw the driver. Charlie Oh my God. Sam: What? Charlie Jill drove that car. Dean: We need to get back to your friend DONNA's house. {Cut scene to the bathroom of DONNA's house. Sam and Dean are hunched over the back of the mirror with a black light. There is a handprint on it, and the words "Linda Shoemaker".} Sam: Linda Shoemaker. {Cut scene to downstairs with DONNA.} DONNA Why are you asking me this? Sam: Look, we're sorry, but it's important. DONNA Yeah. Linda's my mom okay? She overdosed on sleeping pills, it was an accident, and that's it. I think you should leave. Dean: Now DONNA, just listen. DONNA Get out of my house! {she runs upstairs.} Charlie Oh my God. Do you really think her dad could've killed her mom? Sam: Maybe. Charlie I think I should stick around. Dean: All right. Whatever you do, don't— Charlie Believe me, I won't say it. {Cut scene to Dean at a computer and Sam looking at some things posted on a bulletin board.} Sam: Wait, wait, wait, you're doing a nationwide search? Dean: Yep. The NCIC, the FBI database—at this point any Mary who died in front of a mirror is good enough for me. Sam: But if she's haunting the town, she should have died in the town. Dean: I'm telling you there's nothing local, I've checked. So unless you got a better idea— Sam: The way Mary's choosing her victims, it seems like there's a pattern. Dean: I know, I was thinking the Same thing. Sam: With mister Shoemaker and Jill's hit and run. Dean: Both had secrets where people died. Sam: Right. I mean there's a lot of folklore about mirrors-that they reveal all your lies, all your secrets, that they're a true reflection of your soul, which is why it's bad luck to break them. Dean: Right, right. So maybe if you've got a secret, I mean like a really nasty one where someone died, then Mary sees it, and punishes you for it. Sam: Whether you're the one that summoned her or not. Dean: Take a look at this. {Cut to a picture of a woman laying by a mirror in a puddle of blood. Dean prints out another picture and hands it to Sam. The picture is of a handprint and the letters "Tre"} Sam: Looks like the Same handprint. Dean: Her name was Mary Worthington—an unsolved murder in Fort Wayne, Indiana. {Cut to a police or Detective agency, and the words "Fort Wayne, Indiana" come on the screen.} Detective: I was on the job for 35 years-Detective for most of that. Now everybody packs it in with a few loose ends, but the Mary Worthington murder—that one still gets me. Dean: What exactly happened? Detective: You boys said you were reporters? Sam: We know Mary was 19, lived by herself. We know she won a few local beauty contests, dreamt of getting out of Indiana, being an actress. And we know the night of March 29th someone broke into her apartment and murdered her, cut out her eyes with a knife. Detective: That's right. Sam: See sir, when we asked you what happened, we wanted to know what you think happened. {Cut scene to the Detective pulling some files out of a file cabinet.} Detective: Technically I'm not supposed to have a copy of this. {He opens a file to the picture Sam and Dean found on the computer.} Now see that there? T-R-E? Dean: Yeah. Detective: I think Mary was trying to spell out the name of her killer. Sam: You know who it was? Detective: Not for sure. But there was a local man, a surgeon-Trevor Sampson. {He pulls out a picture of a man.} And I think her cut her up good. Sam: Now why would he do something like that? Detective: Her diary mentioned a man that she was seeing. She called him by his initial, "T". Well, her last entry, she was gonna tell "T"'s wife about their affair. Dean: Yeah but how do you know it was Sampson who killed her? Detective: It's hard to say, but the way her eyes were cut out...it was almost professional. Dean: But you could never prove it? Detective: No. No prints, no witnesses. He was meticulous. Dean: Is he still alive? Detective: Nope. {sits down and sighs} If you ask me, Mary spent her last living moments trying to expose this guy's secret. But she never could. Sam: Where's she buried? Detective: She wasn't. She was cremated. Dean: What about that mirror {nods at the one in the picture}. It's not in some evidence lockup somewhere is it? Detective: Ah, no. It was returned to Mary's family a long time ago. Sam: You have the names of her family by any chance? {Cut scene to the inside of a girl's bathroom at a school where DONNA and Charlie are walking in.} DONNA I mean, you bring these strangers into my house and they ask me things like that? Charlie They were only trying to help. Please, DONNA, you have to believe me. DONNA What? About Bloody Mary? {Of course they have now stopped in front of the mirror.} Charlie Please, I know it sounds crazy— DONNA Crazy doesn't even begin to cover it. I mean it's one thing for my sister to believe this crap, she's 12. But you? Charlie Think about the way your dad died, okay? And the way Jill died. DONNA Okay so {she turns to face the mirror} Bloody Mary. Charlie No! DONNA Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. {She turns back to face Charlie} See? Nothing happened. Charlie Why would you do that? DONNA Oh my God. There really is something wrong with you. {Cut scene to the school halls. Charlie is walking down past some windows into the classroom, and we see Bloody Mary in one of them.} {COMMERCIAL} {We come back to a physics/science class at Charlie's school.} Teacher Elements that loose electrons become positive ions, which are smaller than other atoms of the Same element. {Charlie opens up her compact.} Therefore the ionic radius is smaller than the atomic radius. {Charlie sees Bloody Mary in the corner and screams. The class freaks out as she starts running around the room.} Charlie! {She sees the reflection of Mary in the window of the door, picks up a stool, and throws it through the window.} Charlie! {The teacher catches Charlie.} Charlie stop it! What's wrong!? Just calm down.{Charlie sees Mary in the reflection of the teacher's glasses.} Charlie Aah! Let me go! Teacher Charlie! {Charlie runs out of the room.} {Cut to Sam and Dean driving down the road. Sam is on his cell phone.} Sam: Oh really? Ah that's too bad Mr. Worthington. I would have paid a lot for that mirror. Okay, well maybe next time. All right, thanks. {Sam hangs up.} Dean: So? Sam: So that was Mary's brother. The mirror was in the family for years, until he sold it one week ago to a store called Estate Antiques. A store in Toledo. Dean: So wherever the mirror goes, that's where Mary goes? Sam: Her spirit's definitely tied up with it somehow. Dean: Isn't there an old superstition that says mirrors can capture spirits? Sam: Yeah there is. Yeah, when someone would die in a house people would cover up the mirrors so the ghost wouldn't get trapped. Dean: So Mary dies in front of a mirror, and it draws in her spirit. Sam: Yeah but how could she move through like a hundred different mirrors? Dean: I don't know, but if the mirror is the source, I say we find it and smash it. Sam: Yeah, I don't know, maybe. {Sam's cell phone rings.} Hello. {The look of concern comes across his face again} Charlie? {Cut scene to wherever Sam and Dean where staying. Charlie is sitting on the bed with her head on her knees and Sam and Dean have all of the curtains drawn shut, and are throwing sheets over the mirrors, or facing them to the wall or floor.} Sam: {Sits next to Charlie} Hey, hey it's ok. Hey, you can open up your eyes Charlie. It's okay, all right? {Charlie looks up slowly.} Sam: Now listen. You're gonna stay right here on this bed, and you're not gonna look at glass, or anything else that has a reflection, okay? And as long as you do that, she cannot get you. Charlie But I can't keep that up forever. I'm gonna die, aren't I? Sam: No. No. Not anytime soon. Dean: {Sits on the bed too} All right Charlie. We need to know what happened. Charlie We were in the bathroom. DONNA said it. Dean: That's not what we're talking about. Something happened, didn't it? In your life...a secret...where someone got hurt. Can you tell us about it? Charlie I had this boyfriend. I loved him. But he kind of scared me too, you know? And one night, at his house, we got in this fight. Then I broke up with him, and he got upset, and he said he needed me and he loved me, and he said "Charlie, if you walk out that door right now, I'm gonna kill myself." And you know what I said? I said "Go ahead." And I left. How could I say that? How could I leave him like that? I just...I didn't believe him, you know? I should have. {She puts her face back on her knees and starts crying again.} {Cut scene to Sam and Dean driving in the rain.} Dean: You know her boyfriend killing himself, that's not really Charlie's fault. Sam: You know as well as I do spirits don't exactly see shades of gray, Dean. Charlie had a secret, someone died, that's good enough for Mary. Dean: I guess. Sam: You know, I've been thinking. It might not be enough to just smash that mirror. Dean: Why, what do you mean? Sam: Well Mary's hard to pin down, right? I mean she moves around from mirror to mirror so who's to say that she's not just gonna keep hiding in them forever? So maybe we should try to pin her down, you know, summon her to her mirror and then smash it. Dean: Well how do you know that's going to work? Sam: I don't, not for sure. Dean: Well who's gonna summon her? Sam: I will. She'll come after me. Dean: You know what, that's it. {He pulls the car over.} This is about Jessica, isn't it? You think that's your dirty little secret that you killed her somehow? Sam, this has got to stop, man. I mean, the nightmares and calling her name out in the middle of the night—it's gonna kill you. Now listen to me—It wasn't your fault. If you wanna blame something, then blame the thing that killed her. Or hell, why don't you take a swing at me? I mean I'm the one that dragged you away from her in the first place. Sam: I don't blame you. Dean: Well you shouldn't blame yourself, because there's nothing you could've done. Sam: I could've warned her. Dean: About what? You didn't know what was gonna happen! And besides, all of this isn't a secret, I mean I know all about it. It's not gonna work with Mary anyway. Sam: No you don't. Dean: I don't what? Sam: You don't know all about it. I haven't told you everything. Dean: What are you talking about? Sam: Well it wouldn't really be a secret if I told you, would it? Dean: {looks surprised} No. I don't like it. It's not gonna happen, forget it. Sam: Dean that girl back there is going to die unless we do something about it. And you know what? Who knows how many more people are gonna die after that? Now we're doing this. You've got to let me do this. {Cut scene to the shop. Sam is trying to pick the lock on the door. It opens and they see many mirrors are in this shop.} Dean: Well...that's just great. {He pulls out the picture of Mary's dead body to look at the mirror.} All right let's start looking. {They split up and walk around the store and we see a flashing light that seems to be part of an alarm.} Dean: Maybe they've already sold it. {Sam's flashlight stops on the mirror.} Sam: I don't think so. {Dean walks over to him and pulls out the picture again to compare. It is the mirror.} Dean: That's it. {sighs} You sure about this? {Sam hands Dean the flashlight.} Sam: {sighs} Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. {he looks at Dean who gives him an unsure look back. Sam picks up the crowbar} Bloody Mary. {COMMERCIAL} {Dean turns to see a light coming through the store.} Dean: I'll go check that out. Stay here, be careful. {Sam readies the crowbar again} Smash anything that moves. {Dean crawls away towards the front door. He sees a headlight.} Crap. {He puts the crowbar down and begins to walk to the door.} {Meanwhile Sam hears a breath, so he turns to look at a different mirror, when the camera turns back to Mary's we see her in it.} {Cut scene back to Dean who is now outside facing police.} Police Hold it. Dean: Woah guys, false alarm, I tripped the system. Police Who are you? Dean: I'm the boss's kid. Police You're Mister Yamashiro's kid? {Cut scene back to Sam. We see Mary in a different mirror now. Sam sees her there out of the corner of his eye and smashes the mirror with the crowbar. She is in a different one now, and he sees her and smashes that mirror too. He is now back facing her mirror.} Sam: Come on. Come into this one. {Sam looks oddly at his reflection, which has now taken a mind of its own like Jill's. Sam starts having trouble breathing and has a trickle of blood coming out of his eye. He drops the crowbar and grabs his heart.} Reflection It's your fault. You killed her. You killed Jessica. {Cut back to Dean outside.} Dean: Like I said, I was adopted. Police Yeah. Dean: {Is being covered back and front by the two cops.} You know, I just—I really don't have time for this right now. {He punches one cop, backhands the other, then punches the cop in front of him again. They are now on the ground. {Cut scene to Sam and his reflection.} Reflection You never told her the truth—who you really were. {Sam is now falling towards the ground.} But it's more than that, isn't it? Those nightmares you've been having of Jessica dying, screaming, burning—You had them for days before she died. Didn't you!?! You were so desperate to ignore them, to believe they were just dreams. How could you ignore them like that? How could you leave her alone to die!?! You dreamt it would happen! {Dean's crowbar goes through the mirror.} Dean: {bends down to the floor to Sam} Sam, Sammy! Sam: It's Sam. Dean: [in reference to the blood that had come out of his eyes]God, are you okay? Sam: Uh, yeah. Dean: Come on, come on. {He pulls Sam up. He puts Sam's arm over his neck, and they begin to walk out, until Mary (again, much like Samara coming out of the TV in The Ring) comes out of the frame of the mirror. They turn around to see her crawling over the broken glass. May walks towards them and they both fall to the ground. They both start bleeding from the face, but Dean reaches up and pulls over a mirror so that Mary is forced to see her own reflection.} Reflection You killed them! All those people! You killed them! {Mary starts choking to death and melts into a pile of blood. Dean throws down the mirror he held and it shatters.} Dean: Hey Sam? Sam: Yeah? Dean: This has got to be like...what? 600 years of bad luck? {Sam Chuckles weakly.} {COMMERCIAL} {We come back to Sam and Dean driving in the car with Charlie in the back. They pull up in front of a house.} Charlie So this is really over? Dean: {nods} Yeah, it's over. Charlie Thank you. {Dean reaches back to shake her hand, and she gets out of the car.} Sam: Charlie? {Charlie turns around} Your boyfriend's death...you really should try to forgive yourself. No matter what you did, you probably couldn't have stopped it. Sometimes bad things just happen. {Charlie smiles faintly, then turns around to go into the house.} Dean: {Gently hits Sam} That's good advice. {They drive off} Hey Sam? Sam: Yeah? Dean: Now that this is all over, I want you to tell me what that secret is. Sam: Look...you're my brother and I'd die for you, but there are some things I need to keep to myself. {Sam looks out the window and sees Jessica in a white dress on the street corner standing next to a light pole, as they turn the corner she disappears behind the pole, and we don't see her again.} 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 