Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Asylum - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Asylum https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6570 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/23/05 23:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Asylum 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.10 Asylum 
 Air Date: 22 Nov 2005 
 Teaser  
 ROOSEVELT ASYLUM. ROCKFORD, ILLINOIS. 
 INT. 
 A deserted building. Graffiti and rubbish everywhere. Torch light moves along the walls, a chain across a door is broken. 
 EXT. 
 A police car pulls up. Two cops walk up to chain link fence surrounding the building. 
 Cop 1: Can't keep kids out of this place. 
 Cop 2: What is it, anyway? 
 Cop 1: I forgot! You're not a local. You don't know the legend. 
 Cop 2: Legend? 
 Cop 1: Every town's got it's stories, right? Ours is Roosevelt Asylum. They say it's haunted with the ghosts of the patients. Spend the night, the spirits will drive you insane. 
 INTERIOR 
 Cops enter with flashlights. 
 Cop 1: Hello? Police Officers...Po-lice Officers! 
 They see the broken chain on the floor. 
 Cop 1: You telling me these kids brought bolt-cutters? C'mon. Let's split up. 
 Cop 2: Right. 
 ... 
 Cop 2: (now alone) Hello? Hello? 
 ... 
 Camera switches between cops wandering about alone. 
 Cop 1: (wanders into another room. Expression changes) Alright, c'mon out. 
 Flashlight reveals three kids sitting in the dark. 
 ... 
 Cop 2's flashlight goes out and he shakes it. 
 A door creaks open, POV from the doorway, looking at cop. He slowly turns to look at the door. 
 ... 
 EXTERIOR 
 Cop 1 watches a car drive off then reaches for his radio. 
 Cop 1: Kelly, you copy? 
 Cop 2 appears suddenly behind him. 
 Cop 1: (jumping) Jeez! Where the hell you been? 
 Cop 2: In there... 
 Cop 1: What was it? See anything? 
 Cop 2: Huh. No. 
 They return to the police car. 
 Cop 1: (into car radio) This is patrol one four. We are clear and returning to station. 
 Voice ON Radio 
 Roger. 
 Cop 2's nose starts to bleed. He wipes it slowly. 
 ... 
 INTERIOR 
 Cop 2 enters bedroom. A woman is reading in bed. 
 Woman: Hey. 
 Cop 2 begins lining up gun, keys, etc, on a chest of drawers. 
 Woman: So, what? You're still not talking to me? Walt! I said I was sorry about before – how many times do I have to say it? 
 Cop 2 picks up gun. 
 ... 
 EXTERIOR – VIEW OF WINDOW 
 Sounds of gunshot. A brief pause, then another gunshot. 
 ACT ONE  
 INTERIOR MOTEL ROOM 
 Sam: (on phone) No, Dad was in California last we heard from him. We just thought...he comes to you for 'munitions...maybe you've seen him in the last few weeks. Just, call us if you hear anything. 
 Voice ON PHONE 
 'kay. 
 Sam: Thanks. 
 Voice 
 You bet. 
 Dean: Sam: Dean: No, Same as last time I looked. Nothing I can make out... I love the guy, but I swear, he writes like friggin' Yoda. 
 Sam: You know, maybe we should call the Feds. File a missing person's. 
 Dean: We've talked about this. Dad'd be pissed if we put the Feds on his tail. 
 Sam: I don't care anymore. 
 Cellphone rings. Dean crosses the room. 
 Sam: After all that happened back in Kansas, I mean...he should've been there, Dean. You said so yourself. You tried to call him and...nothing. 
 Dean: I know! (He rummages through his duffel) Where the hell is my cellphone? 
 Sam: You know, he could be dead for all we know. 
 Dean: Don't say that! He's not dead! He's – he's... 
 Sam: He's what? He's hiding? He's [i]busy[i]? 
 Dean finds and flicks opens the cellphone. 
 – 
 Shot of Cellphone: 
 Message 
 From: Unavailable 
 Subject: 
 Message: 42, -89 
 9:52 
 BACK REPLY 
 – 
 Dean: (quietly) Huh. I don't believe it. 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: It's, uh...It's a text message. It's coordinates. 
 ... 
 Dean typing on laptop. 
 Sam: You think Dad was texting us? 
 Dean: He's given us coordinates before. 
 Sam: The man can barely work a [i]toaster[i], Dean. 
 Dean: Sam, it's good news! It means he's okay, or alive at least. 
 Sam: Well, was there a number on the caller ID? 
 Dean: Nah, it said 'unknown'. 
 Sam: Well, where do the coordinates point? 
 Dean: That's the interesting part. Rockford, Illinois. 
 Sam: Ok, and that's interesting how? 
 Dean: I checked the local Rockford paper. Take a look at this. 
 Dean: This cop, Walter Kelly, comes home from his shift, shoots his wife, then puts the gun in his mouth, blows his brains out. And earlier that night, Kelly and his partner responded to a call at the Roosevelt Asylum. 
 Sam: Okay, I'm not following. What has this have to do with us? 
 Dean: Dad earmarked the Same asylum in the journal. Let's see... 
 Dean: Here. Seven unconfirmed sightings, two deaths – till last week at least. I think this is where he wants us to go. 
 Sam: (snorts) This is a job... Dad wants us to work a job. 
 Dean: Well, maybe we'll meet up with him? Maybe he's there? 
 Sam: Maybe he's not? I mean, he could be sending us there, by ourselves, to hunt this thing. 
 Dean: Who cares! If he wants us there, it's good enough for me! 
 Sam: This doesn't strike you as weird? The texting? The coordinates? 
 Dean: Sam! Dad's tellin' us to go somewhere, we're [i]goin'[i]. 
 Sam makes a bitchface and sighs. 
 ... 
 Cruising Impala shot. 
 ... 
 INT. BAR 
 Cop 1 sits at the bar. 
 Dean: You're Daniel Gunderson. You're a cop, right? 
 GUNDERSON 
 Yeah. 
 Dean: GUNDERSON 
 Yeah, I do. I'm just tryin' to have a beer here. 
 Dean: That's okay, I swear it won't take that long. I just want to get the story in your words. 
 GUNDERSON 
 A week ago, my partner was sitting in that chair. Now he's dead. You gonna ambush me [i]here[i]? 
 Dean: Sorry. But I need to know what happened. 
 Sam pushes Dean aside roughly. 
 Sam: Hey buddy, why don't you leave the poor guy alone! The man's an officer! Why dontcha show a little respect! 
 Dean pauses, staring, then walks off. 
 GUNDERSON 
 You didn't havta do that. 
 Sam: Yeah, course I did. That guy's a serious jerk. Let me buy you a beer, huh? (looks at barman) Two? 
 GUNDERSON 
 Thanks. 
 – 
 Sam walks out of the bar. 
 Dean: (sitting on Impala) Shoved me kinda hard in there, buddy boy. 
 Sam: I had to sell it, didn't I? It's method acting. 
 Dean: Huh? 
 Sam: Never mind. 
 Dean: What'd you find out from Gunderson? 
 Sam: So, Walter Kelly was a good cop. Head of his class, even-keeled, he had a bright future ahead of him. 
 Dean: What about at home? 
 Sam: He and his wife had a few fights, like everybody, but he was mostly smooth sailing. They were even talking about having kids. 
 Dean: Alright, so either Kelly had some deep-seated crazy waiting to bust out, or something else did it to him. 
 Sam: Right. 
 Dean: What'd Gunderson tell you about the asylum? 
 Sam: A lot. 
 ... 
 EXTERIOR 
 Sam and Dean jump over the tall chain linked fence at the asylum and enter. 
 ... 
 INTERIOR 
 Sam: So apparently the cops chased the kids here...into the south wing. (Sam indicates a sign over one door.) 
 Dean: South wing, huh? Wait a second (He flips through John's journal.) 1972. Three kids broke into the south wing, only one survived. Way he tells it, one of his friends went nuts and started lighting up the place. 
 Sam: So whatever's going on, the south wing is the heart of it. 
 Dean: But if the kids are spelunking the asylum, why aren't there a ton more deaths? 
 Sam: (looking around. He notes the broken chain). Looks like the doors are usually chained. Could've been chained up for years. 
 Dean: Yeah, to keep people out. Or to keep something in. 
 They look at each other, then Sam slowly pushes the door open. 
 ... 
 Sam and Dean walk down a hallway. 
 Dean: Let me know if you see any dead people, Haley Joel. 
 Sam: Dude, enough. 
 Dean: I'm serious. You gotta be careful, all right? Ghosts are attracted to that whole ESP thing you got going on. 
 Sam: I told you, it's not ESP! I just have strange vibes sometimes. Weird dreams. 
 Dean: Yeah, whatever. Don't ask, don't tell. 
 Sam: You get any reading on that thing or not? 
 Dean: Nope. Of course, it doesn't mean no one's home. 
 Sam: Spirits can't appear during certain hours of the day. 
 Dean: Yeah, the freaks come out at night. 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: (deadpan) Hey Sam, who do you think is the hotter psychic: Patricia Arquette, Jennifer Love Hewitt, or you? 
 Sam pushes Dean, who laughs. 
 ... 
 INT. Another room. The boys look around. 
 Dean: (whistles) Man. Electro-shock. Lobotomies. They did some twisted stuff to these people. Kinda like my man Jack in Cuckoo's Nest. (makes crazy eyes and grins at Sam) 
 Sam ignores him and Dean's smile drops. They look around some more. 
 Dean: So. Whaddaya think? Ghosts possessing people? 
 Sam: Maybe. Or maybe it's more like Amityville, or the Smurl hunting. 
 Dean: Spirits driving them insane. Kinda like my man Jack in The Shining. (grins) 
 Sam: Dean. (Dean looks at him) When are we going to talk about it? 
 Dean: Talk about what? 
 Sam: About the fact Dad's not here. 
 Dean: Oh. I see. How 'bout...never. 
 Sam: I'm being serious, man. He sent us here... 
 Dean: So am I, Sam. Look, he sent us here, he obviously wants us here. We'll pick up the search later. 
 Sam: It doesn't matter what he wants. 
 Dean: See. That attitude? Right there? That is why I always get the extra cookie. 
 Sam: Dad could be in trouble, we should be looking for him. We deserve some answers, Dean. I mean, this is our family we're talking about. 
 Dean: I understand that, Sam, but he's given us an order. 
 Sam: So what, we gotta always follow Dad's orders? 
 Dean: Of course we do. 
 Sam gives Dean a frustrated face. Dean stares at him then turns away, ending the conversation. 
 Dean: (poking around and picking up a sign) 'sanford Ellicott'...You know what we gotta do. We gotta find out more about the south wing. See if something happened here. 
 Dean walks away, leaving the sign with Sam, who stares down at it with a bitchface. 
 ... 
 INT. A WAITING ROOM. 
 Sam sits on couch flicking through a magazine. A man comes to the open door. The sign on the door reads 'Dr James Ellicott, Clinical Psychiatry'. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Sam Winchester? 
 Sam: That's me. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Come on in. 
 They move into the inner room. 
 Sam: Thanks again for seeing me last minute. 
 Sam: 
 (looking around the room). Dr...Ellicott. Ellicott, that name. Wasn't there a...a Dr. Sanford Ellicott? Yeah, he was a chief psychiatrist somewhere. 
 ELLICOTT 
 My father was chief of staff at the old Roosevelt Asylum. How did you know? 
 Sam: Ah. Well, I'm sorta...a local history buff. Hey, wasn't there, an incident or something? In the hospital, I guess. In the south wing, right? 
 ELLICOTT 
 We're on your dollar, Sam. We're here to talk about you. 
 Sam: Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Sure. 
 ELLICOTT 
 So. How's things? 
 Sam: Ah, things are good, Doctor. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Good. Whatcha been doing? 
 Sam: Ahh, Same old. I just been on a... on a road trip with my brother. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Was that fun? 
 Sam: (long pause) Loads. Umm. You know, we...ahh...we...met...a lot of ...interesting people. Did a lot of ...ah...interesting things...ahhh. You know? What was it exactly that happened in the south wing? I forget... 
 ELLICOTT 
 Look, if you're a local history buff, you know all about the Roosevelt riot. 
 Sam: The riot. Well, no. I know. I'm just curious. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Sam. Let's cut the bull, shall we. You're avoiding the subject. 
 Sam: What subject? 
 ELLICOTT 
 You. Now I'll make you a deal. I'll tell you all about the Roosevelt riot, if you tell me something honest about yourself. Like, uh, this brother you're road tripping with. How do you feel about him? 
 Sam looks a little freaked out. 
 ... 
 EXT. 
 Dean leans against glass windows next to the door, looking bored. 
 Sam walks past. Dean catches up and matches his pace. 
 Dean: Dude! You were in there forever. What the hell were you talking about? 
 Sam: Just the hospital, you know. 
 Dean: And...? 
 Sam: And the south wing? It's where the housed the really hard cases. The psychotics, the criminally insane. 
 Dean: Sounds cozy. 
 Sam: Yeah. And one night in '64, they rioted. Attacked staff. Attacked each other. 
 Dean: So the patients took over the asylum? 
 Sam: Apparently. 
 Dean: Any deaths? 
 Sam: Some patients, some staff. I guess it was pretty gory. Some of the bodies were never even recovered, including our chief of staff, Ellicott. 
 Dean: Whaddaya mean, never recovered? 
 Sam: Cops scoured every inch of the place but I guess the patients must've...stuffed the bodies somewhere hidden. 
 Dean: That's grim. 
 Sam: Yeah. So, they transfered all the remaining patients and closed the hospital down. 
 Dean: So, to sum it up, we've got a bunch of violent deaths and a bunch of unrecovered bodies. 
 Sam: And a bunch of angry spirits. 
 Dean: Good times. Let's check out the hospital tonight. 
 END ACT ONE 
 ACT TWO  
 INT. ASYLUM 
 Torchlight approaches behind a door. Heads are seen. The door creaks open. A young man and woman, university aged, enter. 
 Guy: Check this out! Creepy...yet terrifying. 
 Girl: I thought we were going to a movie. 
 Guy: This is better. It's like we're in a movie. 
 Girl: (huffing) I can't believe you call this a date. 
 Guy: C'mon, it'll be fun. Let's look around. C'mon! 
 They move further along. 
 Guy: (jumping and swinging around) What's that? 
 Girl swings around. Guy pokes her and she jumps, then hits him. He laughs. 
 Guy: Hey look. C'mon, let's check it out. 
 Girl: I...don't want to. Let's just go. 
 Guy: C'mon! 
 They stare at each other. 
 Guy: Okay. Okay, you can wait here. 
 Girl: W– Gavin. No. 
 GAVIN 
 I'm just gonna be a minute. Nothing's gonna get ya, I promise. 
 GAVIN moves into the next room alone. The door slams behind him. He looks at it, grins, and keeps going. In the doorway a female figure with long hair is seen in shadow just as GAVIN's flashlight fails. He shakes it. 
 GAVIN 
 Damn it. 
 GAVIN 
 (He turns around) Hey, Sweetie. Couldn't take it, huh? 
 Female 
 (coming closer and putting her hands either side of his face) Hey. 
 They start making out. 
 Girl: (calling in the distance) Gavin? Gavin, where are you? 
 Gavin pulls back and freaks out. 
 ... 
 INT. ASYLUM 
 Back at the entrance. Sam pushes open the door, Dean beside him. 
 Sam is holding a video camera and flashlight, Dean an EMF meter. 
 Sam: Getting readings? 
 Dean: Yeah, big time. 
 Sam: This place is orbing like crazy. 
 Dean: Probably multiple spirits out and about. 
 Sam: And if these uncovered bodies are causing the haunting... 
 Dean: We gotta find 'em and burn 'em. Just be careful though. The only thing that makes me more nervous than a pissed off spirit... is the pissed off spirit of a psycho killer. 
 They keep walking. The camera pans across to see a crazed-looking bald man strapped into a straitjacket in the corner. 
 ... 
 Sam and Dean keep looking and move into separate rooms. After a minute Sam sees an old woman through the video lens; white haired, one eye bloody and hanging out, moving toward him. 
 Sam: Dean? Dean! (Dean runs into the room, rummaging in his bag at the Same time) Shotgun! 
 Dean: (shouting) Sam, get down! 
 Sam throws himself on the ground. Dean shoots the woman. She disintegrates. 
 They both look around, gasping. 
 Sam: That was weird. 
 Dean: Yeah. You're telling me. 
 Dean starts moving out of the room. Sam follows. 
 Sam: No, Dean, I mean it was weird that she didn't attack me. 
 Dean: Looked pretty aggro from where I was standing. 
 Sam: She didn't hurt me. She didn't even try! So if she didn't wanna hurt me then what did she want? 
 A noise comes from a room they are passing. Dean immediately raises his shotgun and Sam flicks on the torch and shines it into the room. They approach a metal bed covered in a ragged sheet, on its side. They see the top of a blonde head behind it. They brace themselves. Sam reaches out and tips the bed over. The girl from earlier is crouched facing the corner. She spins around, terrified and gasping. 
 Dean: It's alright, we're not going to hurt you. It's okay. What's your name? 
 Girl: Katherine. Kat. 
 Dean: Okay. I'm Dean, this is Sam. 
 Sam: What are you doing here!? 
 KAT 
 Um. My boyfriend, Gavin. 
 Dean: Is he here? 
 KAT 
 Somewhere. He thought it would be fun, try and see some ghosts. I thought it was all just...you know. Pretend. I've seen things. I heard Gavin scream and... 
 Dean: Alright. Kat? Come on. Sam's gunna get you out of here and then we're gunna find your boyfriend. 
 KAT 
 No! No. I'm not going to leave without Gavin. I'm coming with you. 
 Dean: It's no joke around here, okay. It's dangerous. 
 KAT 
 That's why I gotta find him. 
 Dean and Sam look at each other. Sam shrugs. 
 Dean: Alright, I guess we gunna split up then. Let's go. 
 ... 
 Sam: (wandering around) Gavin... Gavin? 
 ... 
 KAT 
 (with Dean, viewed through a dirty window) Gavin... Gavin? 
 Dean: I got a question for ya. You've seen a lot of horror movies, yeah? 
 KAT 
 I guess so. 
 Dean: (turning to face her) Do me a favor. Next time you see one? Pay attention. When someone says a place is haunted...don't go in! 
 As they move on, a dark shape moves across the inside of the window. 
 ... 
 Sam: (sees Gavin on the ground unconscious and crouches to shake him. Gavin wakes and freaks out) Hey, Gavin. It's okay, I'm here to help. 
 GAVIN 
 Who are you? 
 Sam: My name is Sam. Uh, we found your girlfriend. 
 GAVIN 
 Kat? (getting up) Is she alright? 
 Sam: Yeah. She's worried about you. Are you okay? 
 GAVIN 
 I was running. I think I fell. 
 Sam: You were running from what? 
 GAVIN 
 There was...there was this girl. Her face. It was all messed up. 
 Sam: Okay listen, did this girl... did she try and hurt you? 
 GAVIN 
 What? No, she...uh... 
 Sam: She what? 
 GAVIN 
 She...kissed me. 
 Sam: Uh...um...but...but she didn't hurt you, physically? 
 GAVIN 
 Dude! She kissed me. I'm scarred for life! 
 Sam: Well, trust me, it could have been worse. Now do you remember anything else? 
 GAVIN 
 She uh...actually, she tried to whisper something in my ear. 
 Sam: What? 
 GAVIN 
 I don't know. I ran like hell. 
 ... 
 Dean and KAT in another hallway, Dean leading the way. The flashlight fades. 
 Dean: (shaking the flashlight) You son of a bitch. (reaching into his pocket) It's alright, I got a lighter. 
 KAT turns to look behind them. 
 KAT 
 Ow. You're hurting my arm. 
 Dean: What are you talking about? 
 They turn to look at each other, realize they're too far apart to be touching, and look down. A disembodied hand is clutching KAT's arm. 
 KAT is dragged into a room, the metal door slamming behind her. Dean races to it and struggles to pull it open, KAT bangs on it from the inside but it doesn't budge. 
 END ACT TWO 
 ... 
 
 
 
 ACT THREE 
 INT. ASYLUM 
 Dean continues to struggle with the door. 
 KAT 
 Lemme out! Please! 
 Dean: Kat! Hang on! 
 Dean smashes at the door with a metal pipe, then tries to jimmy it open. Inside, KAT slowly backs up, looking at the door. Someone stands behind her, breathing heavily. When KAT spins around there is no one there. Dean continues banging on the door. KAT turns again and sees the ghost. Tall, heavyset, long dark oily hair, his face a bloody mess. KAT screams and backs up to the door...and backs into him. She screams again. 
 Sam: (running down hall to Dean, followed by GAVIN) What's going on? 
 Dean: She's inside with one of them. 
 KAT 
 (screams) Help me! 
 GAVIN 
 Kat! 
 KAT 
 (sliding down against the door as the ghost approaches) Get me outta here! 
 Sam: Kat, it's not going to hurt you. Listen to me. You've got to face it. You've got to calm down. 
 Dean: (turning to Sam, astonished) She's gotta what?! 
 KAT 
 (shouting) I have to what?! 
 Sam: These spirits, they're not trying to hurt us, they're trying to communicate. You gotta face it. You gotta listen to it. 
 KAT 
 You face it! 
 Sam: No! It's the only way to get out of there. 
 KAT 
 No! 
 Sam: Look at it, come on. You can do it. 
 KAT, taking deep breaths, turns to face the ghost. He leans in close to her face. 
 GAVIN 
 Kat? 
 Dean: Man, I hope you're right about this. 
 Sam: Yeah, me too. 
 They wait outside the door in tense silence. The lock clicks and the door slowly opens. KAT is standing in the doorway. 
 GAVIN 
 Oh, Kat. 
 Sam goes inside to check out the room. He comes back out, shaking his head at Dean. 
 KAT 
 One thirty-seven. 
 Dean: Sorry? 
 KAT 
 It whispered in my ear. 137. 
 Sam and Dean: (in synch) Room number. 
 Sam and Dean crouch against the wall where they can't be heard. 
 Sam: Alright. So if these spirits aren't trying to hurt anyone... 
 Dean: Then what are they trying to do? 
 Sam: Maybe that's what they've been trying to tell us... 
 Dean: I guess we'll find out. 
 Sam: Alright. 
 Dean: So, now, are you guys ready to leave this place? 
 KAT 
 That's an understatement. 
 Dean 
 Okay. (to Sam) You get them outta here. I'm going to go find room 137. 
 ... 
 INT. 
 Sam leads KAT and GAVIN down a hallway. 
 KAT 
 So. How do you guys know about all this ghost stuff? 
 Sam: It's kinda our job. 
 KAT 
 Why would anyone want a job like that? 
 Sam: (huffs a laugh) I had a crappy guidance counselor. 
 KAT 
 And Dean? He's your boss? 
 Sam: (looking down at her) No. 
 ... 
 Dean moves down a hallway and shines his torch on room 137. He pushes against the door, using his weight to push aside the broken furniture blocking it. The room is a mess, filing cabinets pushed over, papers everywhere, the walls stained. He shines the torch around, flicks through some folders lying in a cabinet, keeps looking. 
 ... 
 Sam marches down a hallway and tries the door, but it's locked. He tries another one, also locked. 
 Sam: 
 Alright. I think we have a small problem. 
 GAVIN 
 Then break it down. 
 Sam: I don't think that's gunna work. 
 GAVIN 
 Then a window. 
 KAT 
 They're barred. 
 GAVIN 
 Then how are we supposed to get out? 
 Sam: That's the point. We're not. There's something in here. It doesn't want us to leave. 
 KAT 
 Those patients... 
 Sam: No. Something else. 
 ... 
 Dean is still searching the room. He finds a loose panel and pries it off. Behind it is a satchel full of papers. 
 Dean: This is why I get paid the big bucks. 
 Inside is a journal with many notes and hand-drawn pictures of medical instruments. Dean pulls up a chair and starts reading, looking concerned. 
 Dean: Well all work and no play makes Dr. Ellicott a [i]very[i]dull boy. 
 A noise makes him look up quickly. 
 ... 
 Sam: (moving back down a hallway toward KAT/GAVIN) Alright, I've looked everywhere. There's no other way out. 
 GAVIN 
 So what the hell are we gunna do? 
 Sam: Well for starters, we're not gunna panic. 
 GAVIN 
 Why the hell not! 
 Sam's phone rings and he answers. 
 Sam: Hey. 
 Dean: (on a bad line) Sam, it's me. I see it. It's coming at me. 
 Sam: Where are you? 
 Dean: I'm in the basement. Hurry up! 
 Sam: I'm on my way. 
 Sam hangs up and looks at KAT/GAVIN. 
 Alright, can either of you handle a shotgun? 
 GAVIN 
 What? No! 
 KAT 
 I can. 
 Gavin looks at her in amazement. 
 KAT 
 My dad took me skeet shooting a coupla times. 
 Sam: Alright, here. It's loaded with rock salt. It may not kill a spirit, but it will repel it. So if you see something, shoot. 
 KAT 
 Okay. 
 Sam: 'kay. 
 ... 
 Sam: (searching through hallways and rooms) Dean! 
 His flashlight flickers and fades. He shakes and taps it. A door behind him swings open. He raises his shot gun and approaches carefully. 
 Sam: Dean? 
 A shadow moves behind a ragged curtain, drawing his attention. When he pulls the curtain back there's no one there. He turns...and an old beaten up man with ragged hair and clothes grabs his face. His hands start glowing. 
 Man: Don't be afraid. I'm going to make you all better. 
 END ACT THREE 
 ... 
 ACT FOUR  
 INT. 
 GAVIN paces, KAT crouches against the wall holding the shotgun. 
 KAT 
 (sighing) Hey, Gavin? 
 GAVIN 
 (coming to crouch beside her) Yeah? 
 KAT 
 If we make it out of here alive...we are so breaking up. 
 GAVIN stares at her. They hear a noise around the corner and both rise. 
 KAT 
 (raising the shotgun) Did you hear that? 
 GAVIN 
 Something's coming. 
 Dean comes around the corner and sees KAT just as she pulls the trigger. He throws himself back around the corner. 
 Dean: (crouching against the wall) Damn it, damn it, don't shoot! It's me! 
 KAT 
 Sorry! Sorry. 
 Dean: Son of a ... (he comes round the corner and looks at the marks left in the wall) What are you still doing here!? Where's Sam? 
 GAVIN 
 He went to the basement. You called him. 
 Dean: I didn't call anybody. 
 KAT 
 His cell phone rang. He said it was you. 
 Dean: Basement, huh? 
 Dean 
 (looking around and grabbing some extra weapons) Alright. Watch yourselves...and watch out for me! 
 ... 
 Dean 
 (looking around in the basement) Sammy? Sam, you down here? Sam? Sam! 
 As he turns, Sam is standing right in front of him. Dean jumps back, automatically raising his shotgun. 
 Dean: 
 Man, answer me when I'm calling you! You alright? 
 Sam: Yeah. I'm fine. 
 Dean: You know it wasn't me who called your cell, right? 
 Sam: Yeah, I know. I think something lured me down here. 
 Dean: I think I know who. Dr. Ellicott. That's what the spirits have been trying to tell us. You haven't seen him, have you? 
 Sam: No. How do you know it was him? 
 Dean: 'Cause I found his log book. Apparently he was experimenting on his patients, awful stuff. Makes lobotomies look like a coupla aspirin. 
 Sam: But it was the patients who rioted. 
 Dean: Yeah. They were rioting against Dr. Ellicott. Dr. Feelgood was working on some sort of, like, extreme rage therapy. He thought that if he could get his patients to vent their anger then they would be cured of it. Instead it only made them worse and worse and angrier and angrier. So I'm thinking, what if his spirit is doing the Same thing? To the cop? To the kids in the seventies, making them so angry they become homicidal... Come on, we gotta find his bones and torch 'em. 
 Sam: How? The police never found his body. 
 Dean: The log book said he had some sort of hidden procedure room down here somewhere where he'd work on his patients. So, if I was a patient I'd drag his ass down here, do a little work on it myself. 
 Sam: I don't know, it sounds kinda... 
 Dean: Crazy? 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: Yeah. Exactly. 
 Dean opens another door, looks inside, then gestures with his head for Sam to follow. Close up of Sam giving Dean a stealthy, sly look. 
 They both enter the room. 
 Sam: I told you I looked everywhere. I didn't find a hidden room. 
 Dean: Well, that's why they call it hidden...(wind noise) You hear that? 
 Sam: What? 
 Dean: (looking around, crouching and holding his hand out) There's a door here. 
 Sam: (pointing his gun at Dean.) Dean. (A trickle of blood runs from his nose) Step back from the door. 
 Dean: (rising to his feet, his eyes going from the gun to Sam's face) Sam, put the gun down. 
 Sam: Is that an order? 
 Dean: Nah, it's more of a friendly request. 
 Sam: (raising his gun to point at Dean's chest) 'Cause I'm getting pretty tired of taking your orders. 
 Dean: I knew it. Ellicott did something to you. 
 Sam: For once in your life, just shut your mouth. 
 Dean: What are you gunna do, Sam? Gun's filled with rock salt. It's not gunna kill me. 
 Sam shoots Dean in the chest. The shot blasts him backwards through the hidden door to fall on the floor. 
 Sam: No. But it will hurt like hell. 
 END ACT FOUR... 
 ACT FIVE  
 INT. BASEMENT. HIDDEN ROOM. 
 Dean lies on the floor, coming to and gasping for breath. 
 Dean: Sam! 
 Sam stands over him. 
 Dean: We gotta burn Ellicott's bones and all this will be over, and you'll be back to normal. 
 Sam: I am normal. I'm just telling the truth for the first time. I mean, why are we even here? 'Cause you're following Dad's orders like a good little solider? Because you always do what he says without question? Are you that desperate for his approval? 
 Dean: This isn't you talking, Sam. 
 Sam: That's the difference between you and me. I have a mind of my own. I'm not pathetic, like you. 
 Dean: So what are you gunna do, huh? Are you gunna kill me? 
 Sam: You know what, I am sick of doing what you tell me to do. We're no closer to finding Dad today than we were six months ago. 
 Dean: Sam points the gun at Dean's face. 
 Dean 
 You hate me that much? You think you could kill your own brother? Then go ahead. Pull the trigger. Do it! 
 Sam pulls the trigger. The chamber is empty. He tries again, and once more. Dean uses a right cross to knock Sam to the ground and struggles to get up. 
 Dean: (moving to stand over Sam) Man, I'm not going to give you a loaded pistol! 
 Sam stares up at him. Dean delivers a vicious right cross to knock Sam out, almost falling as he does so. 
 Dean: (patting his brother) Sorry, Sammy. 
 Dean begins looking around the room, pushing back ragged curtains with his pistol. Dr. ELLICOTT glides past but Dean doesn't notice. He sees a tuft of something poking out of the corner of a closed cupboard and moves closer. He opens the door to find a mummified corpse and flinches back from the smell, gagging. 
 Dean: Oh, that's just gross. 
 Dean: (salting the body) Soak it up. 
 Dean drops the salt container and grabs a small tin of keRosene, squirting the body. In the background his torch flicker, unnoticed. A gurney comes flying across the room and knocks him to the ground. Dr. ELLICOTT grabs his face and his hands light up. 
 ELLICOTT 
 Don't be afraid. I'm going to help you. I'm going to make you all better. 
 Dean struggles to reach his bag with one hand, finds his lighter, flicks it on and tosses it at the mummified body. Dr. ELLICOTT lets go of Dean as his remains start to burn. Dean crawls out of the way and watches as Dr. ELLICOTT 's ghost turns black and falls to the ground, crumbling on impact. 
 Sam wakes up and Dean looks over at him as he flexes his jaw painfully. 
 Dean: You're not going to try and kill me, are ya? 
 Sam: (raising his hand to push at his jaw) No. 
 Dean: Good. Because that would be awkward. 
 ... 
 EXT. DAYBREAK. OUTSIDE ASYLUM. 
 KAT 
 Thanks, guys. 
 GAVIN 
 Yeah. Thanks. 
 Dean: No more haunted asylums, okay? 
 They watch GAVIN and KAT walk toward their car, then turn to the Impala. 
 Sam: Hey, Dean? 
 Dean turns to look at him. 
 Sam: I'm sorry, man. I said some awful things back there. 
 Dean: You remember all that? 
 Sam: Yeah. It's like I couldn't control it. But I didn't mean it, any of it. 
 Dean: You didn't, huh? 
 Sam: No, of course not! Do we need to talk about this? 
 Dean: (moving to get in the Impala) No. I'm not really in the sharing and caring kinda mood. I just wanna get some sleep. 
 
 END Teaser  
 INT. MOTEL ROOM. 
 Camera pans over Dean, asleep in bed. 
 A phone rings. 
 Sam: Dean. 
 Dean doesn't move. Frowning, Sam grabs Dean's phone from the end table and checks the number, then flips it open. 
 Sam: Hello. 
 He listens, then sits straight up in bed. 
 Sam: Dad? 
 END ACT FIVE 
 END EPISODE 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 