Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Dead Man's Blood - Supernatural 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Dead Man's Blood https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=105&t=6580 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/22/06 08:27 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Dead Man's Blood 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 1.20 Dead Man's Blood 
 Air Date: 20 Apr 2006 
 Teaser  
 INT. BAR. 
 MANNING, COLORADO 
 MUSIC: Stevie Ray Vaughan - The House Is Rockin' 
 Shot of the bar covered in newspapers, someone's hands turning the pages of a hunter's journal. 
 BARMAID 
 (gently) Mr Elkins? 
 MR ELKINS is totally focused on the journal. 
 BARMAID 
 Mr Elkins, would you like another? 
 Elkins: (Looking up) Yeah. Thanks Beth. 
 Man AT THE BAR 
 (To Beth) Thought they caught the Unibomber. 
 BETH 
 Yeah, poor Mr Elkins lives all alone, up the canyon. Sits here every day, going through his papers, making his little notes. He's a nice old man, he's just a nut. 
 BETH 
 (Pouring another shot for ELKIN) Here you go. 
 ELKINS looks up. One woman and three men have enter the bar. They survey the room before moving to the bar. ELKINS watches them. 
 BETH 
 What will you have? 
 Woman: Jack all around, leave the bottle. 
 BETH 
 You hungry? 
 Woman: We have dinner plans. 
 BETH 
 Ok. 
 BETH 
 (turning to grab a bottle of jack) Can I get you something else Mr Elkins? 
 She turns to find his place empty. 
 ... 
 EXT. COUNTRY CABIN. 
 ELKINS parks and hurries to the door, looking behind him as he struggles with the key.Once inside he dumps his papers on the desk, then freezes. He slowly turns to see the woman from the bar. 
 Woman: It's been a while. I gotta say, you look old. 
 Elkins: What do you want. 
 He throws a knife which hits the dead centre of her chest. She looks down. 
 Woman: (Pulling knife out) Damn. You can do better than that. 
 Her eyes flash and she smiles. ELKINS hurries into the other room, locking the door and pushing a heavy bookcase across it. He opens a cupboard to reveal a safe and begins the combination. 
 Elkins: Come on come on. 
 There is banging on the door. He removes a metal box from the safe and opens it to reveal an old fashioned looking gun. He begins to load it. The banging continues. 
 Two men drop through the roof and leap over the desk to grab ELKIN. The gun falls to the floor. The bookcase barricading the door falls and the woman walks though. The Woman picks the gun up from the floor and examines it. 
 Woman: Nice gun. wouldn't do you much good of course. Boys, we're eating in tonight. 
 The men fall on ELKINS. They are vampires. 
 END Teaser 
 ACT ONE  
 INT. DAY. CAFE 
 Dean is flipping through a newspaper, Sam on his laptop. 
 Dean: (folding the paper) Well dude. Not a decent lead in all of Nebraska. What have you got? 
 Sam: Well, I've been scanning Wyoming, Colorado, South Dakota. Here. A woman in Iowa fell 10,000 feet from an areoplane and survived. 
 Dean: Sam: Yeah. 
 Dean: Sam: Yeah I dunno, maybe someday. In the meatime we got a lot of work to do Dean, you know that. 
 Dean: Yeah all right. What else you got? 
 Sam: Ahh, I man in Colorado, a local man named Daniel Elkins was found mauled in his home. 
 Dean: Elkins? I know that name. 
 Sam: Doesn't ring a bell. 
 Dean: (under his breath) Elkins...Elkins...Elkins. 
 Sam: Sounds like the police don't know what to think. At first they said it was some sort of bear attack and now they've found some signs of robbery. 
 Dean: Mm-hmm (Starts flicking through John's journal) There, check it out. 
 Sam: You think it's the Same Elkins? 
 Dean: It's a Colorado area code. 
 ... 
 The Impala cruises down the road, snow capped mountains in the background. 
 ... 
 INT. ELKINS CABIN. NIGHT 
 The door creeps open to reveal Sam putting away his lock pick, Dean with a torch. 
 Dean: (Looking around at the mess) Looks like the maid didn't come today. 
 Sam: Hey there's salt over here, right beside the door. 
 Dean: (flicking through ELKINS journal) You mean protection against demon salt, or 'whoops I spilled the popcorn 'salt. 
 Sam: It's clearly a ring. Do you think this guy Elkins was a player? 
 Dean: Definitely. 
 Sam: (coming up behind Dean) That looks a hell of a lot like Dad's. 
 Dean: Yep, except this dates back to the '60s. 
 Shot of outside. A man is standing in the shadows of a large tree, looking at the cabin.[i] 
 Sam and Dean move into the other room and shine their torches around the destruction, including up at the hole in the roof. 
 Sam: Whatever attacked him, it looks like there was more than one. 
 Dean: Looks like he put up a hell of a fight too. 
 Sam: Yeah. 
 They look around the room. Dean crouches to get a closer look at the floor. 
 Sam: You got something? 
 Dean: I dunno. Some scratches on the floor. 
 Sam: Death throes maybe? 
 Dean: Yeah, maybe. 
 Dean grabs a page from a notebook, places it over the marks and rubs a pencil led over it to get an outline. 
 Dean: Or maybe a message. 
 Dean 
 (handing the paper to Sam) Look familiar? 
 Sam: Three letters, six digits. The location and combintion of a post office box. It's a mail drop. 
 Dean: Just the way Dad does it. 
 ... 
 INT. POST OFFICE. NIGHT 
 Dean opens the post office box, Sam at his side. He removes a letter, stares, and shows it to Sam. They look at each other, confused. 
 ... 
 INT. Impala. NIGHT 
 Sam: 'J.W.' You think? John Winchester? 
 Dean: I don't know. Should we open it? 
 There is a knock on Dean's window. Dean rears back, automatically raising his arm, fist clenched. John Winchester. When John see's he has shocked them he smiles. 
 Dean: Dad? 
 John gets in the backseat. 
 Sam: Dad what are you doing here? Are you all right? 
 John: Yeah, I'm ok. I read the news about Daniel, I got here as fast as I could. I saw you two at his place. 
 Sam: (softly) Why didn't you come in Dad? 
 John: You know why. Because I had to make sure you weren't followed...by anyone or anything. Nice job covering your tracks by the way. 
 Dean: (looking a little proud) Yeah, well, we learned from the best. 
 Sam: Wait, you came all the way out here for this Elkins guy? 
 John: Yeah. He was...he was a good man. He taught me a hell of a lot about hunting. 
 Sam: Well you never mentioned him to us. 
 John: We had a...we had kind of a falling out. I hadn't seen him in years. (gesturing to the envelope) I should look at that. (He opens it) 'If you're reading this, I'm already dead'...that son of a bitch. 
 Dean: What is it? 
 John: He had it the whole time. 
 Sam: Dad what? 
 John: When you searched the place, did you see a gun. An old revolver, an antique, did you see it? 
 Dean: Ah, there was an old case but it was empty. 
 John: They have it. 
 Dean: You mean whatever killed Elkins? 
 John: (starting to get out of the car) We gotta pick up the trail. 
 Sam: Wait. You want us to come with you? 
 John: If Elkins was telling the truth we gotta find this gun. 
 Sam: The gun, why? 
 John: Because it's important that's why. 
 Sam: Dad, we don't even know what these things are yet. 
 John: They were what Daniel Elkins killed best: Vampires. 
 Dean: Vampires? I thought there was no such thing. 
 Sam: You never even mentioned them Dad. 
 John: I thought they were extinct. I thought Elkins and others had wiped them out. I was wrong. 
 VOICEOVER BY John. Vision is of the Vampires from earlier drinking by a car. 
 [i]Most vampire law is crap. A cross won't repel them, sunlight won't kill them and neither will a stake to the heart. But the bloodlust, that's true. They need fresh human blood to survive. They were once people, so you won't know it's a vampire until it's too late. A car comes along the road toward the vampires. Woman Vampire (throwing away the empty bottle to smash on the road) All yours baby. In the car a young man drives, a girl in the passenger seat. Girl: (laughing) Well I bet you showed that guy. Guy: What guy? Girl: The one that bet you wouldn't buy that shirt. Guy: (looking at her) I love this shirt. She shakes her head, smiling, and turns back to face the road. The guy continues smiling at her. She sees a man lying in the road. Girl: No, look out! The guy slams on the brakes. Girl: What happened to him? Guy: Call 911. The guy goes to the man on the road as the girl opens her phone. He turns the man's face to him. His eyes open, as does his mouth and a mouthful of fangs decend from his gums. He grabs the young guy. END ACT ONE ACT TWO  The camera pans across Sam and Dean sleeping peacefully in a motel room. DISPATCHER Unit 22 let me confirm. Mile marker 41,abandoned car. You need a workup? Man ON SCENE Copy that. Possible 207. Better get forensics out here. The camera stops on John, sitting at the table with a radio held in both hands. He puts it down, jumps to his feet and grabs his jacket. John: (slapping feet as he calls their name) Sam, Dean, let's go. Dean: (Immediately, although still asleep) Mm-hmm. Sam half sits up. Dean starts rubbing his eyes. John: I picked up a police call. Sam: What happened? John: A couple called 911, found a body in the street. Cops got there everyone was missing. It's the vampires. Sam: (rising from the bed) How do you know? John: (as he leaves) Just follow me, ok? Sam walks across the room, putting his jacket on. Dean: (still half asleep) Huh, vampires. Get's funnier every time I hear it. ... EXT. DAY. John finishes talking to a cop on the scene and starts walking back to the boys, waiting by the Impala. Sam: (slightly sulky) I don't see why we couldn't have gone over with him. Dean: Oh don't tell me it's already starting. Sam: What's starting? Dean: (To John) What have you got? John: It was them all right. Looks like they're heading west. We'll have to double back to get around that detour. Sam: How can you be so sure? Dean: Sam... Sam: (Sharply to Dean) I just wanna know we're going in the right direction. John: We are. Sam: How do you know? John: (Handing something to Dean) I found this. Dean: Its a...a vampire fang. John: Not fangs, teeth. The second set decends when they attack. John (looks at Sam) Any more questions? Sam looks away and stays silent. John: All right, let's get out of here, we're losing daylight. They start heading for their respective cars. John: Hey Dean why don't you touch up your car before you get rust? I wouldn't have given you the damn thing if I thought you were going to ruin it. Dean looks down at his car. Sam looks at Dean with a 'told you so' look on his face. Dean grimaces. ... INT. Impala. Sam is driving, following John's truck. Dean: (Reading) [i]Vampires nest in groups of eight to ten. Smaller packs are sent to hunt for food. Victims are taken to the nest where the pack keeps them alive, bleeding them for days or weeks.[i] I wonder if that's what happened to that 911 couple. Sam: (Grumpily) That's probably what Dad's thinking. Course it would be nice if he just told us what he thinks. Dean: So it is starting. Sam: What? Dean: Sam we been looking for Dad all year. Now we're not with him for more than a coupla hours and there's static already? Sam: Hmph. No. Look, I'm happy he's ok, all right? And I'm happy that we're all working together again. Dean: Well good. Sam: (Unable to help himself) It's just the way he treats us, like we're children. Dean: Oh God. Sam: He barks orders at us Dean, he expects us to follow 'em without question. He keeps us on some crap, need to know deal. Dean: He does what he does for a reason. Sam: What reason. Dean: Our job! There's no time to argue, there's no margin for error, all right? That's just the way the old man runs things. Sam: Yeah well maybe that worked when we were kids but not anymore, all right. Not after everything you and I have been through Dean. I mean, are you telling me you're cool with just falling into line, letting him run the whole show? Dean: (Giving Sam a long look) If that's what it takes. ... INT. BARN. THE VAMPIRE's NEST. The vamps are partying, drinking and dancing. The 911 couple are sitting tied to a pole. VAMP Have some beer buddy. It will calm your nerves. Guy: No thanks. VAMP Aww come on. You drink enough I can taste it in your blood. Woman VAMP (walking up behind)That's gross. VAMP How bout you babe? He lifts the bottle to the Girl's mouth and forces her head up with it. She drinks. VAMP Attagirl. She spits it back in his face. He wipes it with his sleeve then lifts his arm to backhand her. Woman VAMP Bo! Wait for Luther. BO glares and walks away. The door opens and the LUTHER walks in. Woman VAMP throws herself on him and they kiss. LUTHER (laughing) I missed you too baby. Woman VAMP We got presents. LUTHER (Stroking the girls face) She looks interesting. (Grabbing the guys face) He doesn't. Lock him up. The other vamps pull the guy to his feet. LUTHER Actually, go ahead and treat yourself. The vamps laugh, excited. They throw the guy down and fall on him. Woman VAMP (To LUTHER) There's something else. She leads him to the bar where cash and silver are heaped. LUTHER This all theirs? Woman: (smiling) No. It's from an old friend of yours, Daniel Elkins. I caught his scent and thought I'd surprise you. LUTHER (Concerned) Kate, what did you do. KATE I made him suffer. LUTHER You shouldn't have done that. KATE Luther... LUTHER There's others like him. They'll know the signs and come looking for us. We have to be careful. KATE Luther I did for you, for what he did to your family. LUTHER Revenge isn't worth much if you end up dead. KATE I'm sorry babe. I'm sorry. LUTHER picks up the gun. KATE I thought you might like that. It looks like it was made around the time you were born. LUTHER I've seen this before. KATE Elkins died with it in his hands. He should have known better. Using a gun. LUTHER This is no ordinary gun. ... INT. Impala. NIGHT. Sam is driving. Dean: (on phone) Yeah dad. All right, got it. (hangs up) Pull off at the next exit. Sam: (Angry) Why. Dean: Cause Dad thinks we've got the vampire's trail. Sam: (very angry) How. Dean: I don't know he didn't say. Sam guns the engine, Dean looks at him like he's crazy. Dean turns to look at John's truck as Sam overtakes it. Once in front Sam slams on the brakes, causing the Impala to swerve sideways and John's truck to a halt. Sam slams out of his seat to meet John who is out of his truck, also looking angry. Dean: (following) Oh crap. Here we go. Sam! John: What the hell was that. Sam: We need to talk. John: (coming to a halt face to face with Sam) About what? Sam: About everything. Where we going Dad. What's the big deal about this job. Dean: Sammy come on, we can Q and A after we kill all the vampires. John: Your brother's right, we don't have time for this. Sam: Last time we saw you you said it was too dangerous for us to be together. Now out of the blue you need our help. (yelling) Obviously something big is going down and we wanna know what. John: Get back in the car. Sam: No. John: I said get back in the damn car. Sam: Yeah. And I said no. Dean: (Hovering) Ok you made your point tough guy. Look we're all tired, we can talk about this later. Sammy I mean it, come on. Dean grabs Sam and pushes him back toward the car. Sam goes, still staring at John. Sam: (mumbles) This is why I left in the first place. John: What did you say? Sam: (swinging back) You heard me. John: Yeah. You left. Your brother and me, we needed you. You walked away. Dean: Sam... John: (Yelling in Sam's face) You walked away! Dean: Stop it, both of you. Sam: You're the one who said don't come back Dad, you closed that door not me. You were just pissed off that you couldn't control me anymore! Dean: (Forcing them apart) Listen, stop it, stop it. Stop it! That's enough! Sam and John stare at each other over Dean's head. Dean: (Looking at John) That means you too. Sam gets into the Impala. John turns back to his car. Dean stands in the middle, alone. He looks from one to the other. Dean: (to the night air) Terrific. ... INT. BARN. VAMPIRES NEST. KATE and LUTHER get it on against the bar. The 911 girl is still tied up, trying not to watch as LUTHER removes KATE's shirt. They both turn to look at the girl. LUTHER You like to watch huh? me too. (to KATE) Ready baby? They turn to face the girl. Girl: Arer you going to kill me? KATE I'm going to take you so high you're never going to come down. LUTHER cuts KATE's arm with his knife. KATE sucks on it then goes to the girl, kissing her and forcing blood into her mouth as LUTHER watches. LUTHER Welcome home baby. END ACT TWO 
 
 ACT THREE EXT. VAMPIRES NEST. DAY From the trees we watch as a beat up Camaro pulls in. LUTHER, in a t-shirt, comes out to meet it, holding the door open and shading his eyes from the sun. VAMP (to LUTHER) I know what time it is. LUTHER Get in. Luther looks around then goes back inside. Dean: (Hiding in the trees with John and Sam) Son of a bitch. So they're really not afraid of the sun? John: Direct sunlight hurts them like a nasty sunburn. The only way to kill 'em is by beheading. And yeah, they sleep during the day, doesn't mean they won't wake up. Dean: I guess walking right in's not our best option. John: Actually. That's the plan. Cut to Dean opening the trunk. The boys weapon up while John does the Same from an automatic hidden compartment that slides from the back of his truck. Dean: (Looking over) Dad I've got an extra machete if you need one. Dean holds it up but John unveils a massive shiny serrated edge machete from a leather holder. John: I think I'm ok. Thanks. Dean: (Checking it out) Wow. John: So, you boys really wanna know about this colt? Sam: Yes sir. John: It's just a story, legend really. Well I thought it was. Never really believed it until I read Daniel's letter... Scene cuts to a man making the gun and numbered bullets, carving a devil's trap into the handle. John. VOICEOVER. [i]Back in 1835, when Halley's comet was overhead, the Same night those men died at the Alamo. They say Samuel Colt made a gun. A special gun. He made it for a hunter, a man like us only on horseback. Story goes he made thirteen bullets, and this hunter used the gun half a dozen times before he disappeared, the gun along with him. And somehow Daniel got his hands on it.[i] Back to the present. John: They say...they say this gun can kill anything. Dean: Kill anything like, supernatural anything? Sam: Like the demon. John: Yeah, like the demon. Ever since I picked up it's trail I've been looking for a way to desTroy that thing. Find the gun, we may have it. ... INT. BARN. VAMPIRE's NEST A barn window swings inwards. John jumps through and disappears. Sam follows, then Dean. They survey the room...vamps are sleeping in hammocks, all is quiet. ... John looks into the stalls. Sam and Dean make their way through the barn. As Dean passes a hammock he kicks an empty bottle on the ground. It clinks but the vampire doesn't wake. ... At the back of the barn John finds KATE and LUTHER asleep on a bed in an alcove. The gun hangs in a holster beside them. ... Sam finds the 911 girl tied up against the pole, sleeping or unconscious. Sam: (whispering) Dean. ... John slowly makes his way down a few steps to the bed. LUTHER turns over in his sleep. ... Sam begins to untie the girl. They hear a noise. Dean: (looking behind them) There's more. Dean makes his way to a locked metal grid. Inside people are tied up, also sleeping or unconscious. There is a lock on the door. He grabs a metal hook to break the lock. Sam looks up sharply at the noise and they look over to the hammocks. There is no movement. ... John approaches the gun. ... The girl tied up against the pole begins to stir. Sam: (whispers) Hey. Hey hey, I'm here to help you. The girl screams, an unearthly scream. Sam rears back, Dean looks around. The vampires wake. Dean: Sam! ... John turns toward the noise. Beside him LUTHER and KATE wake. LUTHER rears up and throws him against the wall. John grabs a rock and hurls it at the blackened window, letting in the daylight. LUTHER and KATE flinch away. John Boys, run! ... Sam and Dean run, calling to their Dad as they do. The vampires give chase. Sam and Dean burst out the barn doors into the daylight and run up the slope to the cars before turning to look back. Dean: Dad? (nothing) Dad! After a long pause John comes running up the slope. As soon as they see him the boys turn to leave. John: They won't follow. Not til tonight. Once a vampire has your scent, it's for life. Dean: Well what the hell do we do now? John: You gotta find the nearest funeral home, that's what. The boys look at him, confused, then at each other. ... INT. MOTEL ROOM. Sam paces, John sits at the table. Sam: It shouldn't be taking this long. I should go help. John: Dean's got it. John watches Sam pace. John: Sammy. Sam: Yeah. John: I don't think I ever told you this but...the day you were born you know what I did? Sam: No. John: I put $100 into a savings account for you. I did the Same thing for your brother. It was a college fund. And every month I'd put in another $100 until...anyway my point is Sam that, this is never the life that I wanted for you. Sam: Then why'd you get so mad when I left? John You gotta understand something. After your mother passed all I saw was evil, everywhere. And all I cared about was keeping you boys alive. I wanted you...prepared. Ready. Except somewhere along the line I ..uh...I stopped being your father and I...I became your drill sargent. So when you said that you wanted to go away to school, all I could think about, my only thought was, that you were gunna be alone. Vulnerable. Sammy it just...it never occured to me what you wanted. I just couldn't accept the fact that you and me were just different. Sam huffs a laugh. John: What? Sam: We're not different. Not anymore. With what happened to Mom and Jess...well we probably have a lot more in common than just about anyone. John: I guess you're right son. Sam: Hey Dad? Whatever happened to that college fund? John: (Smiling) I spent it on ammo. They look at each other. Sam cracks up and so does John. Dean enters. Whew. Man, some heavy security to protect a bunch of dead guys. John: Get it? Dean fumbles in his pocket, withdrawing a paper bag and from that a bottle full of something red, He hands it to John. John: You know what to do. ... EXT. ROAD. Dean leans over the open bonnet of the Impala, looking at the engine. Woman's Voice: Car trouble? Dean turns to see KATE. KATE Let me give you a lift. I'll take you back to my place. Dean: (grinning) Nah I'll pass. I usually draw the line at necrophilia. KATE Oooh. She backhands him, then grabs his face and lifts him into the air. Dean: (Grabbing her wrist) I don't usually get this friendly until the second date but... KATE You know we could have some fun. I always like to make new friends. She lowers him to her level and kisses him, still holding his cheeks tightly. Another vamp watches, smiling. Dean: Sorry. I don't usually stay with a chick that long. Definitely not eternity. An arrow pieces the other vamp's back, a second later the Same happens to KATE. KATE (Looking down at the point sticking out of her chest) Damn it. KATE It barely even stings. John: Give it time sweetheart. That arrow's soaked in dead man's blood. It's like poison to you isn't it? KATE looks shocked, then wavers and loses consciousness. John: Load her up. (Gestures to the other vamp) I'll take care of this one. John approaches the other vamp who is sitting groggily on the ground. Raising his machete, he brings it down. Camera cuts to blood spraying over a boulder. END ACT THREE ACT FOUR  EXT. NIGHT. A campfire is burning. John hands Dean a bag and they move from the Impala's trunk back toward the fire where Sam is patrolling with a machete. John: Toss this on the fire. Saffron, skunk's cabbage and trillium. It'll block our scent and hers, until we're ready. Dean: (sniffing it and coughing) Stuff stinks! John: That's the idea. Dust your clothes with the ashes and you stand a chance of not being detected. Sam: You sure they'll come after her? John: Yeah. Vampires mate for life. She means more to the leader than the gun. But the blood sickness is going to wear off soon, so you don't have a lot of time. Sam: A half hour oughta do it. John: And then I want you out of the area as fast as you can. Sam: But... Dean: Dad you can't take care of them all. John: I'll have her. And the colt. Sam: But after. We're gunna meet up right? Use the gun together. Right? Long pause. Sam: You're leaving again aren't you. You still wanna go after the demon alone. You know, I don't get you. You can't treat us like this. John: Like what? &lt;br Sam: Like children. John: You are my children. I'm trying to keep you safe. Dean: Dad, all due respect but, that's a bunch of crap. Sam and John both look at Dean, shocked. John: Excuse me? Dean: You know what Sammy and I have been hunting. Hell you sent us on a few hunting trips yourself. You can't be that worried about keeping us safe. John: It's not the Same thing Dean. Dean: Then what is it? Why do you want us out of the big fight? John: This demon? It's a bad son of a bitch. I can't make the Same moves if I'm worried about keeping you alive. Dean: You mean you can't be as reckless. John: Look...I don't expect to make it out of this fight in one piece. Your mother's death, it almost killed me. I can't watch my children die too, I won't. Dean: What happens if you die? Dad what happens if you die and we coulda done something about it. You know I been thinking. I ...maybe Sammy's right about this one. We should do this together. Sam nods. Dean: We're stronger as a family Dad. We just are. You know it. John: We're running out of time. You do your job and you get out of the area. That's an order. ... EXT. OUTSIDE VAMP NEST. NIGHT A vamp pulls up to where LUTHER and the others are waiting and heads towards them. LUTHER Is there any sign of those three? VAMP No. Something else. LUTHER What. VAMP Luther they cut off Frank's head! LUTHER And Kate? VAMP I don't know. She wasn't there. What are we gunna do? The noise of a car distracts them. VAMP It's just a truck up on the highway. LUTHER (Whispers) Kate. She's in that truck. ... EXT. NIGHT. John's truck travels down the road. KATE sluggishly opens and closes her eyes in the passenger seat. After a moment headlights shine in the rearview mirror. Two cars approach quickly from behind. ... VAMP NEST A vampire swigs from a bottle. Looking up, he moves to stand in front of the barn doors, considers them a moment, then shrugs and takes another swig. He turns to find Dean Winchester behind him. Dean: Boo Dean swings his machete, then makes his way back to the locked container of people. I told you I'd come back. He begins breaking the hinges. ... John has to stop when the road is blocked ahead of him by LUTHER, three other vamps and two cars. LUTHER Get out! Who are you? John: Names Winchester. LUTHER Where are your friends? John: Cleaning out your nest. LUTHER Where's Kate? John: (Turning back to the truck) Come here sweetheart. He pulls a groggy and tied up Kate out, holding a large knife to her throat. LUTHER Kate, you all right? KATE Dead Man's Blood. LUTHER You son of a bitch. John: I want the colt. Elkins gun. Trade. LUTHER Is that what this is all about? I mean, you can't shoot us all right? We'll kill you. John: Oh, I don't need it for you. I'm saving it for something else. John: Put the colt down, or she goes first. LUTHER All right. Just don't hurt her. LUTHER places the colt on the ground. John: Back up. Further. John drags KATE forward and leans down with her to pick up the gun. KATE works at the ties around her wrists. LUTHER. (To John) It's a nice move, you almost made it. KATE swings around, knocking John back against his truck. He drops the gun. LUTHER approaches, backhanding John back against his open car door, shattering the glass before he lands unconscious on the ground. LUTHER approaches again. An arrow pierces one of the vamps and Sam and Dean run out of the trees, Dean pauses to line up and shoot another vamp with his crossbow. Sam moves toward LUTHER who backhands him. Dean grabs a machete and turns to help but LUTHER has his arm around Sam's throat. LUTHER Don't! I'll break his neck. Put the blade down. For a moment Dean does nothing. LUTHER tightens his hold on Sam's neck, cutting off his air supply completely. Dean drops the machete. LUTHER You people. Why can't you leave us alone. We have as much right to live as you do. John: (from behind) I don't think so. LUTHER turns. John raises the colt and shoots him between the eyes. LUTHER lets go of Sam who stumbles away, gasping, and Dean pulls Sam behind him. A sigil appears where the bullet hit LUTHER and he stumbles. A brief flash of light reflects his skeleton, before he falls to his knees. KATE Luther! Another flash of light passes through LUTHER and he slumps to the ground dead. KATE starts toward John. Another vamp grabs her, pulling her to their car. They take off, wheels screaming. END ACT FOUR ACT FIVE  INT. MOTEL ROOM. Sam and Dean are packing. John enters. John: So boys. They turn to face him. Sam: Yes sir. John: You ignored a direct order back there. Sam: Yes sir. Dean: Yeah but we saved your ass. John: You're right. Dean: I am? John: It scares the hell out of me. You two are all I've got. But I guess we are stronger as a family. So...let's go after this damn thing. Together. Sam and Dean (In Unison) Yes sir. END ACT FIVE. END EPISODE Transcribed by TMATEOTB 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 