Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - The Frustrating Thing About Psychopaths - Forever 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - The Frustrating Thing About Psychopaths https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=72&t=14502 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/21/14 20:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - The Frustrating Thing About Psychopaths 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Siren wails in distance] 
 Miss. 
 $100? Very generous of you, Mary. 
 It's been a good night. 
 Want me to get you a cab? 
 Um... No, I'll just grab one up the street. 
 I'll see you later. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 [Bottle clinks, rolls] 
 [Screams] 
 Henry : Aha! 
 Seems we've found the culprit of Mr. Sherman's fate. 
 Pulmonary hypertension and arteriosclerosis. 
 So a heart attack. Another one. 
 Pretty lame. 
 I'm sure Mr. Sherman agrees. What exactly were you expecting? 
 I don't know! You know, action. 
 Like we open him up, and a giant, bloodsucking alien emerges and escapes the lab and tries to attack Manhattan. 
 Ah, ha ha! [Hisses] 
 Something like that. I don't know. 
 Isn't ordinary death exciting enough for you? 
 Perhaps you've become desensitized with all your little comics. 
 Graphic novels, Doc. 
 [Telephone rings] 
 Hello? 
 Detective Martinez. Hi. 
 How's it... sorry. Yes. He's here. 
 Okay. 
 Jo needs you at the station. 
 Cops got a weird package they want you to look at. 
 Not sure what use an M.E. will be. 
 Sounds like a matter better suited to a bomb squad. 
 She says the package is bleeding. 
 [Elevator bell dings] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 I don't suppose this gift came with any sort of note? 
 No, seems like somebody just came in last night and left it. 
 Yeah. On my desk. 
 Cameras didn't see anything. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 Is that a...? 
 Human heart. 
 Now that's what I'm talking about. 
 Murder is never an easy thing to look at. 
 When you examine the body of a victim, you don't see a reflection of their life, but the person who took it. 
 You see whether the killer felt anger or betrayal... Or worse... 
 If they felt nothing at all. Hey, I brought you some wetnaps. Thanks. You know, most guys who kill a person want to get away with it, right? Yeah. So if you cut someone's heart out, why send it to the cops? To impress you. Crying out for attention like a child. Son of Sam, BTK. Just like our killer, they were all psychopaths. And they all contacted the police at some point. Which is also how they managed to get themselves caught. Did you learn anything from the heart? Unfortunately, none of the killer's DNA or fingerprints were on the package or the heart itself. The most I can tell you is that it was expertly cut out three to five days ago. And judging by the vital reaction of the organ, it seems that... [Sighs] she was still alive when it was removed. "She." So the victim's female. 25-to 30-years-old. Relatively healthy, I would say. But without a body, it's hard to tell anything more. Jo, check out the files in all 25-to 30-year-old women that have gone missing in the last five days. So far we've got four girls who fit the description. First one's Amanda Turner, reported missing three days ago. 27 years old. But she looks closer to 37. Lines on her face most likely due to smoking, I suspect. Heart was too healthy to be hers. Hanson : Oh, this is our winner right here... Kimber Raynalds. Look at her... 29, personal trainer. Nope... dark circles under her eyes suggest she has an iron deficiency. Blood work showed no signs of anemia. You can tell a lot by looking in a person's eyes. [Beeping] Really? What do my eyes tell you? Okay, what about this one? Laurie Pettyfore. She's an N.Y.U. student reported missing by her college roommate. And she's got a rap sheet from two years ago. Arrested for solicitation under the name "Mary Kelly." Mary Kelly. This hooker a friend of yours, Doc? No. [Chuckles] I just knew someone by the same name once. She certainly fits the description. And, historically speaking, prostitutes have always been an easy target for killers. Yeah, check her phone and financial records. Find out where this girl was last seen. Carlo : I'm sorry. She, uh... she doesn't look familiar. You sure? According to her credit cards, she took a cab here three nights ago. Well, I was on duty, but I don't remember seeing her. I find that hard to believe. Part of your duty as a doorman is remembering faces. So, either you're terrible at your job, or you're lying. Neither option too flattering. Look, we know she was a call girl. And she probably tips you pretty well to keep her secret from cops like us. But we're not looking to bust her. She was reported missing. God, is Mary all right? Hanson : So you did see her that night? She seem upset? Freaked out at all? No, she seemed fine when she left... around 2:00, I think. Tipped me like usual and went to catch a cab up the street. Did you see which direction she was headed? Yeah, the same way your buddy's headed. [Clears throat] Henry? Henry! Henry! Henry : Can you see me? No! Neither could our victim. This spot is completely concealed, and yet it offers a perfect view to the hotel. Well, no one saw anything suspicious, which means the killer must have gotten her out of sight fast. A freight elevator... hydraulic powered, counter-balance pull. This machinery has all the cutting-edge technology of the 1890s. Yeah, too bad that didn't come with security cameras. You think the guy dragged her in here? Wouldn't someone have heard her scream? She never had the chance to scream. He slammed her up against these bricks. The wall is littered with these dress beads. There's no blood anywhere, so the killer must have parked a car nearby, took her someplace secluded. He wouldn't have taken her just anywhere. He had a plan. Wherever it was, it was somewhere special, significant. Henry. Henry, what is it? We're here. This is the place he took her. "Dorset Brothers fine meats and sausages"? The killer didn't just pick some girl at random. He found a prostitute... a prostitute by the name of Mary Kelly. He's been toying with us, copying from the start. Wait. W-who's he copying? [Hoofbeats] [Horse whinnies] [Indistinct conversations] Whoa. Whoa, there. Abberline : Appreciate you coming down, Dr. Morgan. See, ever since the damn papers started reporting these murders, we've had a string of copycats. It's getting hard to tell the real killer from the fakes. But our real killer... he knows the ins and outs of a body, and he usually takes part of the victims with him. So we need someone who knows about anatomy to take a look at the girl, see if anything's missing. And as it happens, the only people with that expertise are doctors and butchers. And the butcher was busy, so... Oh, how flattering. Been a doctor long? For a few years now. Good. Then you've got a strong stomach. Looks like Jack the Ripper. [Camera shutter clicking] [Police radio chatter] [Indistinct conversations] Jo : We're talking major crowd control. I need every additional unit you can spare. Have any of the press gotten in here yet? No, and we're trying to keep it that way. So we've got a copycat killer on our hands? Henry : Mm. A studious one. I've never seen a copycat with this level of precision before. The man who did this must have studied the original crime for hours, down to the last tiny detail. Every element of this body mirrors Jack the Ripper's murder of Mary Kelly in 1888. She was the last and most brutal of his crimes. [Cellphone ringing] Cops catch the guy after that? No. It's for you. Hello? Adam : Hello, Henry. It's been a while. We're the same, you and I. We share the same pain, same curse, same affliction. Tell me, what are you looking at right now? It's hard to put into words. I imagine seeing a girl cut up the same way that Mary Kelly was. It's enough to make you nostalgic. [Siren wails] How could you possibly know that? Word hasn't even got out to the papers. Some news travels fast. [Sirens wailing] Henry, you still with me? You seem familiar with this case. Were you in London during that time? Yes, as a matter of fact. It was an exciting place to be. Everyone reading the paper, talking about Jack's latest victim. Police back then... you were never able to catch him. I hope you have better luck this time around. [Panting] [Sighs] Bad news... it's a burner. Am I supposed to know what that means? It means it's disposable. There's no way to trace it back to the caller. Didn't he tell you anything about himself? He was incredibly vague, as usual. But he did claim to be in London during the original murders. Wait. You don't think...? I don't know what to think. I mean, I know it sounds absurd... I'm in Lucas-land... but let's consider it for a moment. The police never did catch Jack in London. The body that we found today... it's hard to imagine that a copycat could have reproduced that scene in such precise detail. I take it you haven't shared this theory with the police? Uh, no. I've had my fair share of padded white rooms, thank you very much. If Adam did this, I'm afraid we're gonna have to track him down ourselves. I'm afraid to ask how. With this. It's a shard from the handle of the murder weapon. Judging by the cuts on the victim, I'd say the killer used a liston knife. It's an extremely rare surgical tool. There are only about 100 left in existence. To get his hands on an antique like that, the killer would have had to go to a special-antiques dealer. Someone say, like... The Frenchman. Well, yes. And, well, be... be sure to give the frenchman my regards. No, please, Abe. [Chuckling] Oh, no. You're bound to have more luck than I. You're both antique dealers. I know you think the Frenchman is eccentric. Yeah, well, that... wrong word, "eccentric." "Creepy" is more like it. Please. Loo... aren't you gonna come with me? No. I've got my own share of creepiness to be dealing with. Abberline : Come on, then. You can get a closer look at her at the morgue. With your permission, Inspector, I'd like to stay. There's a great deal more to be learned about this killer by observing the scene. All due respect, that's a matter for us detectives, not doctors. Well, but... What are doctors but detectives? We study a body and form a diagnosis. Look, do you see the way the blood spatter landed? Well, that means he split her artery first. And there's a post-mortem bruise in the shape of the killer's hand on her neck. The hand is bigger than average, which means the killer is likely to be of a larger stature. I mean, this room is littered with medical clues. If you give me time to decipher them, I'm sure I can paint a more conclusive portrait of your killer. Okay. See what you can find. So, Mary's roommate gave us a copy of her client list. We're going through it now. Did you find any prints? None. I'm afraid there isn't much I can tell you about this killer, except that he was too smart to leave anything behind. Well, that's the frustrating thing about psychopaths. You got to wait for them to make a mistake. Unfortunately, Jack the Ripper didn't make any mistakes. Neither did our killer. I've been comparing the body to the original crime notes on the case. I'm sorry... you just happen to have a copy of the original crime notes? Well, before Jack the Ripper, medical examiners didn't exist. It was the birth of our profession. Anyone who slices open a body should study it. And, by the looks of things, our killer studied it, too. Every nick, every cut, is exactly where it should be. Six-inch sternum incision, femur dislocation, even the wrist laceration... seems to be a defensive mark on her wrist. Three inches wide in the shape of a s... [Camera shutter clicks] - Afternoon. Mr. Keely, Manchester Herald. Get him out of here! That cut on her wrist, did you say it was in the shape of a star? It's not him. The killer isn't Jack the Ripper. Well, yeah, he has been dead for probably a hundred years now. What did you find? A mistake. The original Mary Kelly had a cut on her wrist in the shape of a semicircle. But one newspaper, the Manchester Herald,  wrongly reported it as a star. Yeah, so our killer probably read that article on the Internet. Possibly. But the Manchester Herald folded in 1889. It's unlikely there would be any online copies. In fact, there is only one place in the city that might have their records. Do we need a warrant? No, just a library card. Always loved the smell in here. Though I'm a bit dismayed it's practically empty. Yeah, well, most people get their info online these days. After the stock-market crash in '29, people used to huddle in here during the winters. Henry. You got to focus. We're supposed to be looking for the name of our killer. Okay. Right here. Check it out. 1889, Manchester Herald. It was checked out a month ago by Freddy Abberline. Name's a fake... Frederick Abberline  was the original inspector on the Jack the Ripper case. Although, I doubt he ever went by "Freddy." Well, if that's the case, we've got nothing to go on. Nothing except for his atrocious penmanship. And, oddly enough, there's a man on this list who signs his name exactly same way. "J. Ellroy." Checked out the 1947 edition of the Los Angeles Times  this morning at 9:40 A.M. and... He hasn't returned it yet. He's still here. Okay, anybody look like a murderous psychopath who would cut out somebody's heart? Well, that's hard to tell. Evil like that usually lurks on the inside. That's true, but I like the suspect who runs. Hey! Hey! [Panting] [Cellphone ringing] [Beep] Adam : I'm glad you decided to keep the phone. I'm afraid now's not really a good time to talk. [Grunting] Hands behind your back! Interlace your fingers! Sorry to intrude. I'm sure you're diligently working on police business. I just thought you should know you missed something. What do you mean? At the crime scene. The killer left something behind. You're at the crime scene? Just wanted to help out. Extra set of eyeballs. Couldn't resist seeing your killer's homage. But it seems he is not just copying the Ripper. What are you talking about? He's got an appreciation for other murderers, as well. He left a clue to tell you who he'll be copying next. Can you guess what it is? [Gasps] The Black Dahlia. Very good, Henry. [Classical music plays] [Doorbell dings] [Door closes] Hello. Ah. I need to speak with the Frenchman. Abraham. What a lovely surprise. Just in time to see my latest find... antique handcuffs all the way from Sing Sing. [Chuckles] You intend to arrest somebody later? Depends. You free for dinner? Uh, that's very tempting. But actually, I'm here on business. I have a client who's interested in a liston knife. So much for love. I had one, but I think I sold it two weeks ago. Uh-huh. Uh, to whom? Discretion is my business. You know I don't kiss and tell. Man : Pardon me, but the gentleman in the corner would like to negotiate the price on the medieval mace. Let me know if you change your mind for dinner. [Siren wails in distance] Simon : Why I am here? Library cracking down on late fees or something? We'd like to ask you a few questions about your reading habits. You check out a lot of books on Jack the Ripper, Mary Kelly. So? I was doing research. Oh, I-I believe that. We found the girl you cut up. You must have studied that Jack the Ripper case for hours. Whoa! Hold on. You think I did this? I'm not a murderer. I'm a writer. Th... those books, the newspaper articles,  those were all for the latest edition of "Soul Slasher." You've never heard of it? No, I cannot say that I have. Well, it's a graphic novel about this character, Soul Slasher. He's sort of a demon  that inspires killers throughout time. My whole last series was on Jack the Ripper. Hmm, okay, let me ask you... do you always carry a bone saw with you when you write? It's all part of the process. I like to get in the mind of the killer. But that doesn't make me an actual killer. If that's the case, why did you run when we approached you? You never said you were cops. I thought you were fans. See, they're always showing up. At my home, my publisher's. They even follow me on the subway. You sound like you're afraid of them? Yeah, well, believe me, if you saw some of the things they post on the fan page, you'd be scared, too. They write poems, fantasies. Some of them even say they've killed people. You think it's possible one of them actually did this? I hope so. I mean, not to sound terrible, but a real-life murderer basing his crimes on the killers from my books? You can't buy that kind of publicity. Lucas : Please be careful. These are part of my private collection. I almost never take them out of their plastic covers. Hard to believe there are sick weirdos who actually read this stuff. Excuse me. Don't judge until you've given it a try. The plots are actually great, and the medical stuff's pretty accurate, too. Henry : It's more than accurate. With this book, a fan could have easily committed this crime. It's practically a step-by-step guide. Look! The star on Mary Kelly's arm. Lieutenant Reece, it's for you. Simon said his fans post pledges to kill in the name of Soul Slasher. We got to keep monitoring that fan page before he has a chance to kill again. It's too late. They found another mutilated body. [Camera shutter clicking] Looks like she was sawed in half across the abdomen, exactly like the Black Dahlia. We're standing in the middle of the park. Our killer had to carry her in. Hey, fan out. Look for a blood trail. They won't find one. All the blood was drained from her body before it was dumped here. Uh... I hate to sound all "Silence of the Lambs," here, but she's got something in her mouth. Nylon. In the '60s, there was a serial killer who broke into women's homes. He strangled them with a stocking, and then he tied it into a bow. Yeah, the Boston Strangler. "Soul Slasher" comics, issue 37. So, our killer already picked out his next crime. We got to get ahead of this guy. Have there been any new postings on the Soul Slasher fan page? Not yet, but we're keeping a close eye on it. All right, in the meantime, I want you to talk to all the shop owners at the entrances of the park. Find out if they've seen anything suspicious. There appears to be a pair of boot prints here. Yeah, but we can't be sure these are the killer's. Doc, a lot of people walk through this part of the park all of the time. Most people aren't carrying an extra 120 pounds of dead weight. These prints are much deeper than the rest. It appears he also left something behind. Wow, a leaf in a park. Imagine that. Except this tree doesn't grow here. Abe, we found this leaf near a body. It's a ginkgo biloba. There are no trees like it anywhere in McGolrick Park. In fact, the only neighborhood where you find gingko trees is in Carroll Gardens. Well, at least we know the killer's from Brooklyn. That's something. True, it gives us his location. But it's of little use without a name. Did you find any information from the Frenchman's ledger? No. I thought all the customer's names were just in Japanese. But when I translate it, the letters don't make any sense. She must be using some kind of code. I don't suppose you could ask her nicely for the name? And admit I stole her ledger? Henry, that woman owns a sword collection. Yes, fair point. Let me have a look. Huh. [Telephone rings] Hello? Hey, we got a hit on the Soul Slasher's fan page. So far, we've got 20 fans who claim the Soul Slasher helped them kill the Black Dahlia. There seems to be a lot of suspects. Yeah. The clock is ticking. If we don't narrow down this list fast, we're gonna have another dead body on our hands. Do any of the fans live in Brooklyn? [Tires screech] E.S.U. is approaching the house. Okay, according to the computer, the suspect is online right now. Copy that. Hands up! Whoa! Whoa! Down on the ground! On the ground now! Hey! Hey! What the hell?! What's going on?! Suspect is in custody. E.S.U. is slapping the cuffs on him now. Will somebody tell me what the hell is going on. [Handcuffs click] Hey! Hey! Hanson, the computer says the suspect's still typing. What the hell is going on here?! Hey, hey. Who else is in this house? [Door creaks] [Loud music plays] What the hell do you want? Your father's outside, and your mother's on her way. Now, I can ask them to come in if you'd like them to be present. No, I'd rather keep this between us. I-it's much more intimate that way. Besides, I'm 18. Legally, I think that makes me a grownup. It does. It also means you can be tried as an adult. You're looking at a double life sentence. Yeah. I don't think this is ever gonna go to trial. But I am flattered that you brought me in as a suspect. I mean, when word of this hits the fan page, my cred with the Soul Slasher group is gonna explode. Well, I'm glad you mentioned the fan page, because you've had some interesting posts lately. Ah. "Just spent the evening with the Black Dahlia. And when I left, she had a big, old smile on her face." So? I mean, that's just a blog post. If you want to arrest me, don't you need something more? Like DNA? A murder weapon? [Chuckles] But I'm guessing you don't have any of that, do you? No, no, no, please. You listen to me, okay? I know technically he's an adult, but he's still my kid. I have... I don't want to hear it! I just want to see my son. Reece : Devin is not interested in seeing anyone, not even his lawyer. And you must be so proud of yourself. Kendall, you can't blame this on me... You're the one who bought him those stupid comic books, took him to see scary movies, let him spend all day with that fan page. Okay, lots of kids read comic books, Kendall. That doesn't make them killers. Your son has an obsession with violence and murder,  that much you can thank your husband for. But Devin's targets are women, which means a particular woman in his life did something traumatic to trigger his killing spree. Okay, our son is not a monster! Well, if he did this, I'm afraid he is. Listen, you... Whoa, whoa, whoa. Mr. Bentley, please calm down. I will not calm down! What has Devin told you? H-has he been charged with anything? Because you turned our home upside down. I'd like to know exactly what you found. Mr. Bentley, this case is ongoing. But we can tell this... we found a pair of shoes in your garage that match the footprints from one of our crime scenes. Okay, well, this is ridiculous. We're gonna leave. We'll be back with a lawyer to get our son released. You all have no real evidence to charge him. Actually, we do. A sales ledger from the shop where the murder weapon was bought. An antique liston knife... very popular for amputations during the civil war. Once we confirm that Devin bought the weapon, we'll have all the evidence we need. So, please, by all means, do get that lawyer. Your son's gonna need one. You know about this? Yes. Yeah. Of course. Excuse us for one second. What in the hell was all that all about? Where did you get that ledger? The Frenchman, an associate of Abe's who specializes in rare weapons. It's where Bentley got the liston knife. How do you know that? Y-you never said anything about a liston knife. I apologize. It's a recent development. Abe sort of absconded with this ledger. Problem is, the customers are written in some sort of code. You're saying he stole it? "Borrowed." The antique weaponry game is a cutthroat business. But I'm sure I can crack the code, given enough time. If Devin Bentley's name is in here, that's all the evidence we need to arrest him. Yeah, until the court finds out that you obtained this evidence illegally, and they throw it out... Devin will walk. [Sighs] Where are you going? To talk to a judge. [Elevator bell dings] If we're lucky, I can get him to issue a subpoena for this Frenchman before he reports that ledger stolen. Uh, "she." The Frenchman is a... It's complicated. Perhaps it's best  if I explain the situation and ask her for help. No. You have done enough. Just listen to me for once. Stay put. [Sighs] [Horn honks] [Doorbell dings] [Door opens] Sorry to disturb. But I thought you might want this back. [Sighs] That Abe must have had a guilty conscience. So, you did know it was him? Of course. Who else would want to steal my client list? Actually, Abe wasn't trying to steal your clients. He was trying to assist in a police investigation. A liston knife that you sold was used in a murder. We were trying to find the customer's name. I don't imagine you had much luck. As it happens, I did manage to decode the customer's last name. The record says... "Bentley." How did you figure that out? That's not important. The police have a suspect in custody. They may be calling you to identify him. When they do, we would be most grateful if you wouldn't mention our... Misguided thievery. And why should I help you after you so blatantly stole from me? Right now, there is a murderer in custody whose sole pleasure in life is killing women. I can't imagine you would want a murderer like that to be free because of a technicality. And I'm sure you wouldn't want to see Abe or me go to prison, either. Couple of cute guys like you two wouldn't last a day in jail. I'll keep this between us. But you are lucky  that I remember what that ojisan looked like. "Ojisan"? Yes. It's Japanese. It means "man." "Man." It means "straight, uptight man." Are you telling me the customer wasn't a teenager? No. He was older. A polo shirt. Uh, khakis. [Exhales sharply] [Knife thuds] [Groans] Shh, don't try to scream. [Groans] I've punctured your lung and your vena cava artery. You're going to bleed to death in about... [Hoarsely] Eight minutes. Oh, you're a smart man. [Groans] Make that about four minutes. [Groans] [Cellphone rings] Abe: Hello? Jo : Abe, it's Jo. I managed to get a judge to issue a subpoena, but I need the Frenchman's address. Frenchman... Uh, Frenchman... Doesn't seem to ring any bells. Oh, well, that's funny, considering you just stole the ledger only a day ago. A criminal offense, I might add. Ohh. That Frenchman. 7th and Reade Streets, right next to the bagel place. Thank you. [Groaning] [Muffled whimpering] [Muffled whimpering] [Choking] [Grunting, panting] [Grunts] [Both grunting] [Clattering] [Door creaks] [Car door closes] [Groans] [Breathing heavily] [Gasping] Good thing you're in shock. 'Cause it looks like your back is broken. [Bones crack] [Groans] [Breathes heavily] Stop! Stop right there! All right. Take it easy, Detective. Put your hands where I can see them. [Footsteps approaching] [Door creaks] Adam : Hello, Henry. I didn't want us to meet like this. [Sighs] But when I saw your partner go in upstairs, I... I got worried. Jo : This is Detective Jo Martinez. I need paramedics and units at 108 Reade Street. Suspect is down, but I still need to do a sweep. Your partner's bound to find you. And if you die in front of her that's no good for anybody. You can thank me later. [Gasps] [Clatter] [Gun cocks] [Door creaks] Abe : Made up a batch of blueberry scones... your favorite. Thought it might help to have some comfort food after last night. Look, I appreciate it. But nothing puts off my appetite quite like being murdered. You know, I-I-I don't mean to minimize your death, but as far as being stabbed, breaking your back, and almost having your secret exposed, well, I'd say the situation ended relatively well. I'll be sure to write Adam a very nice thank-you note. [Chuckles] [Sighs] You know, the way he did it... When he cut my throat, it was so cold, so callous. Yeah, well, in his defense, he had to act quickly. I mean surgically. Of course, it proves that he does really know about your, um... Condition. You're right. He knows everything about me, which means he knows about you. Well, so? So what if he does? Only means he knows that I'm a regular schnook like everyone else. Oh, please, Abe. I've seen what this man is capable of. Now, listen. There's no sense in worrying about me, all right? Not me. Besides, I have, um, scarier people to see today. Such as? I'm off to see the Frenchman at the hospital. I owe her an apology. [Gregory Alan Isakov's "Second Chances" plays] If I'm not back by tomorrow... Call the police. Hanson : Kid spends all day reading about psychos, had no clue his own father was a murderer. We should have seen this all sooner. ♪ All of my heroes sit up straight ♪ Mark Bentley was standing right here in the station. If we'd have figured it out then, he may still be alive. Regardless of how it happened, the important thing to remember is that you stopped a killer. ♪ They stare at the ground, they radiate ♪ How you holding up? Taking a life leaves its mark. ♪ digging for bones ♪ 
♪ if it weren't for second chances ♪ No matter how strong you are, it's always a good idea to talk to someone about it. ♪ We'd all be alone ♪ Lieutenant, I-I'm fine. Really. We may never understand those who kill so easily for spectacle. But perhaps that's why we're so fascinated with them. We read about their exploits out of curiosity. Our fascination with the macabre makes it all seem unreal. But the truth is that everyone has the capacity to kill. ♪ I'm waiting in the wings while the trees undress ♪ The real question is, how do you live with yourself afterward? ♪ Cupping my ear to hear the wind ♪ Hey, I'll take a double whiskey, whatever's well. No, you will not. Life's too short to waste on cheap alcohol. Macallan 25, please. My treat. Sure thing. ♪ If it weren't for second chances ♪ Is that your way of apologizing? ♪ We'd all be alone ♪ You were right. Investigating behind your back was a poor decision on my part, I could have jeopardized the case. It's not only that, Henry. You could have been killed. If you had gotten cornered by Mark Bentley the way I was, he could have seriously hurt you. ♪ But I saw something shine ♪ 
♪ for that part was yours, but it might just be mine ♪ 
♪ I could share it with you ♪ You all right? ♪ If you gave me the time ♪ 
♪ I'm all blood and knuckles ♪ Yeah. I mean, it's not like I... It's not like I had another option, right? ♪ If it weren't for second chances ♪ [Sighs] ♪ we'd all be alone ♪ You've never done that before, have you? Taken a person's life? Well, it's part of my job. It is, and you do your job very well. I'm glad you're feeling so awful. You know, Henry, you are not the best drinking buddy. You must allow yourself to feel the pain, the guilt, the shame. The day that killing another person doesn't affect you, that's when you've got real problems. ♪ If it weren't for second chances ♪ 
♪ we'd all be alone ♪ [cellphone vibrating] I'm glad to see you're evolving. How so? You're buzzing. Welcome to the modern age, Henry. Excuse me. Should I be looking over my shoulder? Adam : You sound paranoid, Henry. Why? I was only doing you a favor. When you cut my throat... You placed the knife exactly two inches below my jaw. Clinically speaking, your technique was masterful. When you suffer from our condition, you realize... murder, it's just a part of life. It's like breathing. You've never done it before, have you, Henry? No. And I see no reason to start. You say that now, but you're still a relatively young man. Just give it time. I know you, Henry. [Sighs] Not as well as you think. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 