Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - The Fountain of Youth - Forever 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - The Fountain of Youth https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=72&t=14499 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/01/14 17:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - The Fountain of Youth 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Henry :  My name is Henry Morgan. My story is a long one. Over the years, you could say I've become a student of death. I need to find a key to unlock my curse. Something happened nearly two centuries ago. And I was transformed. My life is just like yours... Except for one small difference. It never ends. Every time I die, I always return in water, and I'm always naked. Now you know as much about my condition as I do. 
 It's a long story. 
 [Arthur Conley's "Sweet Soul Music" plays] 
 I hope to see you again. 
 [Bell jingles] Thank you. 
 ♪ Do you like good music ♪ 
 Bye. 
 ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ 
♪ yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ That sweet soul music ♪ 
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Just as long a' t's swinging ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah ooh! ♪ 
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ oh, yeah ♪ 
 God, what I wouldn't give. 
 What you wouldn't give to what? 
 ♪ Going to a go-go ♪ 
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ 
 [laughs] You'd break your hip, Abraham. 
 Oh, I wouldn't be so sure. 
 I was extremely dexterous in my youth. 
 Uh, perhaps we have a different recollection of those days. 
 I seem to recall quite a few trips to the dentist's office when you were learning to ride your bike. 
 Well, we all evolve over time... at least  most  of us do. 
 ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ 
 Oh, please tell me you aren't slaving away in that dungeon of yours. 
 Come on. It's the weekend. 
 I was in my laboratory, studying. 
 I've made an incredible discovery about my condition. 
 That you can pass on the secret of everlasting life? 
 Better. I may have just found a way to die. 
 Youth is wasted on the immortal. 
 So, I've been gathering data on my awakenings. 
 On your what? 
 When I emerge from the water. 
 I'm uncomfortable with the term "rebirth." 
 Strange that's the part that makes you uncomfortable, but, uh, okay. 
 Anyway, when charting my exact reappearances, as using witness accounts and the occasional police report, and comparing them with my likely times of deaths... 
 Well, what? 
 Sometimes... 
 I stay dead longer. 
 Only by a few seconds but still it's something. 
 I think it may have to do with the method of death... visceral damage versus nerve damage. 
 Where are you going? This is fascinating. 
 No, it's depressing. Well, let me ask you a question. 
 I mean, let's say that one of these cockamamie experiments really works. 
 I mean, would you really do it? 
 Do you want to be gone that badly? 
 Well, no. No. 
 No, that's not what I'm saying. 
 [Sighs] 
 I want to grow old, experience the cycle of life, have gray hair, become a curmudgeon like you. 
 [Chuckling] Yeah, well... 
 Well, I, uh... I realize that glaucoma and sciatica must seem very glamorous to you. 
 But just because you can't grow old, that doesn't mean you can't evolve. 
 Well, what would you have me do? 
 If I had your condition... everything. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 [Siren wails in distance] 
 Hey. 
 Hey, that's my briefcase! 
 Someone, help! 
 Ohh! 
 [Tires screech, horn honks] 
 Stop him! Get him off me! Help! 
 [Wheezing] 
 [Crowd murmuring] 
 Woman : Call 911! 
 There is a whole litany of things we can do to keep death at bay... 
 Exercise, eat well, put on sunscreen. 
 And though you might try to bargain with death, bear no delusions. 
 It will find you. 
 So if you spend all your time hiding from death, or, in my case, searching for it, I guess the question is, were you ever really alive? Morning, doc. How was your weekend? Wistful stroll through Central Park, maybe? Hulu "Scandal" marathon? Maybe some scarf shopping? I worked. Okay. Would you like to hear about my weekend? I would not. Good. Because I was not interested in sharing. [Plastic snaps] Okay. Deceased name is Bill Sayle, 67 years old. EMS picked him up in Chinatown, possibly killed by a mugger. Judging by the state of his knuckles, Mr. Sayle fought back. Light concavity on his ring finger says he must have worn a wedding ring, but not for the last year, since I don't see a tan line. Also, there's some sort of soot on his fingers. Subtle gray flannel with a hook vent and a soft shoulder. It must have been bought at least 30 years go, but it's been re-tailored recently. Stain on his shirt... grape slushie, I believe. Now, let's take a look at what's going on underneath. Lucas : Whoa! He's ripped! He's 67? He looks like  me. After my morning crunches. Henry : What could have done this to his body? One thing's for sure... Never can tell how old someone is just by looking at him. [Siren wails in distance] Hey, hey, hey. You didn't happen to move M-148536... that John Doe with the neck tattoos, did you? Okay, thanks, Jim. Hey, Anton. Thanks for the doughnut. No problem. Whoa. Careful. We don't need more dead people around here. [Elevator bell dings] Hey. Caught the mugger trying to check into an urgent care. Not the sharpest pencil in the box. He still had the briefcase on him. Should we be charging him with the homicide? Mr. Sayle wasn't killed by the mugger. He didn't have a single contusion, abrasion, or laceration on him, other than on his knuckles. His heart was in perfect condition. He had dense bone mass and robust muscles and joints. Okay, so, then, why did this perfect specimen die? His brain. Look at the texture... the amyloid plaques. That's disgusting. It's as if he was suffering from Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Huntington's all at the same time. Essentially, what we have here is a 67-year-old man with the body of a 30-year-old and the brain of a 100-year-old. So you're saying He died of natural causes. I'd say the opposite of "natural." I found this concoction in his stomach. In fact, there was nothing else in his system. Don't quote me just yet, but I believe this is what killed him. What is it? Poison? Bile... with a hint of... artificial vanilla. A shake, maybe. Yummy. Mark Sayle, the decedent's son, is here to talk to you. It's not my dad. Excuse me? I mean, it's him. It's just... that's not the man who raised me. My dad rode the train home to my mom in New Jersey every night for 35 years and fell asleep on his recliner. He certainly didn't have a body like that or do crossfit or stay out partying with kids half his age... Before... Before your mother passed. Of cancer. Two years ago. After that, He became a different person. He forgot about my mom, and he forgot about us. Will you give us permission to open your father's briefcase? That's my mom. Yeah, she was beautiful. We all have different ways of dealing with loss. He never forgot her. What's this? "Youth. Vitality. Vigor." The Ouroboros, or a snake eating its own tail. It suggests eternal renewal. I wonder if that has something to do with the condition of your father's body. Or maybe  this  does. Looks like about 7 grand. You have any idea what this was for? No. He definitely didn't get that kind of money from me. It seems logical why he would chase down his briefcase in Chinatown. You know what he was doing there? He lived in Jersey. Always told me he hated downtown. I guess there was a lot I didn't know about my dad. [Horns honking] So, this is where Bill Sayle ended up, but it's not gonna help us much. The mugger decided which direction to run. We got to figure out where he started. Hmm. There. Skid marks? They're fresh. Bill Sayle had a layer of soot on his left hand and a line of it on his left pant leg. He must have crossed the street... [Horn blares] and almost got hit by a car. Hey! Hey, hey! [Horn honking] Over there. I found noodle fragments and wood splinters in Bill Sayle's shoes. [Indistinct conversations] Hey, Henry. This is weird, even for you. What are you doing? Hints of grape slushie. There was a stain on his shirt. The old pickpocket routine... spill, grab, and run. This is where Bill Sayle started. Around the corner is where his night ended. So, where was he going with all that cash? A 67-year-old man who hated downtown. He didn't fit in here. And neither does she. Heels that high means she doesn't do much walking. She gets driven. I'm willing to bet she knows what you can get around here for 7 grand. [Horn honks] An Ouroboros. Indeed. All right, get behind me. [Buzzer] [Muzak plays] I wonder what they're selling here. Youth. Vitality. Vigor. Welcome to Aterna. I'm Dr. Frederick Gardner. Let me ask you one simple question... Do you want to live forever? I thought so. What exactly is it that you sell here, doctor? Youth. Vitality. Vigor. Yeah... we heard. But specifically? Our premier product is called Aterna. It's essentially a high-end supplement that has revolutionized aging. How high-end are we talking? Well, given the proprietary nature of the research, a regimen of Aterna can get quite pricy. Here's our menu list. Your clients spend thousands of dollars a week just to look young? [Chuckles] No. To  be  young, detective. Aterna makes you a better version of yourself. There's a reason professional athletes turn to performance-enhancing drugs  and  a reason why they were banned. It's because they worked. For the rest of us, we can literally turn back the clock. This is the future of medicine. Except that one of your patients died. Well, we don't guarantee everlasting life... just more vitality while you're here. The reality is many of our clientele are in the twilight of their years. Unless it was your product that killed him. We take every measure to make sure Aterna is completely safe. We're registered with the FDA. If I thought there was anything dangerous about Aterna, I wouldn't drink it every day. So, tell me, doctor, what exactly is in it? Well, it's a bit complex. I'll try and keep up. Let's say we took into account the newest research in human growth hormone... coenzyme Q10, testosterone, TA-65, and others. Mm, yeah, about that... we're gonna need a sample to take with us. [Scoffs] I'm sorry, detective. Demand has been so high that we have a waiting list a mile long. I don't think you understand. This is an NYPD investigation. Well, if that's true, I would feel much more comfortable if you had a warrant. Dr. Gardner? May I speak with you for a moment? Privately. Excuse me. Dr. Gardner's had two very skillful plastic surgery procedures. He's had his jaw line shaved down and a rhinoplasty. So he's a little vain. That's what they're selling around here. One procedure's very feminizing, and the other's made his nose longer. Both very strange choices for a man who cares so much about his appearance. Yeah, but not for someone who's looking to drastically change himself. [Inhales sharply] Things are piling up. I need to get back to my patients. Thank you so much for your time. What you're doing here sounds amazing. You don't happen to have a card, do you? Well, sure. There's one in my office. It's right this way. Does it have your personal number? I mean, just in case I have a question. Man : There you are. Thanks. I beg your pardon. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm new here, and, uh... I'm a little bit hesitant. How has your experience been? Amazing. You have nothing to be worried about. I mean, Aterna's changed my life. I'm sure, I guess, that wasn't too hard. Because of your recent divorce? How did you know that? You're reading a magazine with a subscription label that calls you "Mrs.," and yet you don't have a wedding ring. He wanted the younger model. Well, that was foolish on his part. Mm. Careful. Oh! Ooh. Oh, I'm so sorry! [Chuckling] It's fine. I'm a klutz. Please. Allow me. Thank you. It's fine. Oh. Thank you. Uh, for what it's worth... From my perspective, you don't need Aterna. Well, you're just saying that because I'm on it. Were you just flirting with that woman? She had a kind smile. But purely for research. I want to know what's inside this. Very suave. While you were doing that, I lifted the doctor's prints. What are the chances Dr. Gardner's hiding something? So, let me ask you again... do you want to live forever? [ Chuckles ] The future of medicine is here. Hudson Valley Sanitarium will be open for business with all the newest and most relevant equipment. Electrotherapy, hydrotherapy... scientifically proven to treat everything from neuralgia to tuberculosis and tic douloureux. We combine modern medicine... Electricity cleaning bacteria from your blood. Radioactive water fixing nerve damage. People actually believe this nonsense? Well, I think people will do anything to keep death at bay... even you. Man : Let's change that. Me? How so? I seem to recall a certain physician pleading for mercy after an errant eve at Delmonico's. [Chuckles] Gin and oysters will make a mule of any man. [Chuckles] James, these patients are legitimately ill and need the counsel of real doctors. Oh, come on now, Henry. There's no need to take it as a personal affront. But this man's a charlatan, giving these people false hope. Look, medicine changes so rapidly. Who knows what the future holds? But maybe one of these wonder drugs will keep you alive someday. Are you happy with the way you feel today? Let's change that! Abe : [Exhales sharply] I thought you were gonna get out of this dungeon of death. [Sighs] I'm not studying death. I'm doing research on a wonder drug... a modern-day fountain of youth. Speaking for all of us septuagenarians, I must ask, does it work? It's too early to tell, but my instinct is probably not. I can't even decipher what's in it. What have you found so far? Well, it seems to be a blend of hormones mixed with concentrated doses of vitamins and minerals and some sort of mammalian cellular matter. Beef protein, perhaps? Sounds delicious. Maybe I should try it. Oh, I'd be careful. The decedent looked great had the body of a man half his age, but his brain was full of holes. Ah. Well, maybe I'll hold off. Age gracefully, like you. Thank you, Abe. You don't look a day over 200. [Laughs] All right, 250. [Snickers] [[Indistinct talking over P.A.] Hey, hey, Smitty. Hey. Uh, where did, uh, Jane Doe 8611 go? How the hell should I know? Who signed her out last? Which... uh... Your signature. Where did  you  put her? Come on, man. You got to help me. Two... two MEs got fired last year for losing one body, and I... may have lost two. Two?! Yeah. Shh, shh, shh. Okay? I'm... I'm in serious trouble here. I'm freaking out. Today, in particular, I am super-psyched I'm not you. See ya! Well... Detective. There you are. I've spent all night distilling and separating the compounds found in Aterna. Sounds like a real bender. And? Traces of ubiquinol, idebenone, fluoxymesterone, and extracts from astragalus membranaceus. I have no idea what you just said. Dr. Gardner mentioned  some  of the premium compounds found in Aterna. These are cheaper variations. He's been cutting corners. And if he is, he may have put in something that caused real damage to his patients' brains. Like eating holes through them? Exactly. Except Dr. Gardner  isn't  Dr. Gardner. I pulled his prints from his business card. His real name is Harold Price. Zero medical training. Two years ago, he had a wellness clinic in Miami, where two of his patients died mysteriously. He shut the clinic down and disappeared until now. If there's something lethal in Aterna, we have to close that clinic down. I already filed for an injunction. You better pack your swimsuit. Excuse me? Oh, we have to pay the doctor a house call. He's in the Hamptons. [Elliphant's "look like you love it" plays] [Rapping] ♪ Bring it up ♪ 
♪ Me can't hear it ♪ 
♪ A call full of bluster full of bluster ♪ 
♪ We gonna share it ♪ [Indistinct shouting] ♪ Run for life ♪ 
♪ You can't stop this ♪ 
♪ Look at us and suck it then you touch ♪ 
♪ But you can't touch this ♪ 
♪ I see you, can you handle it? ♪ 
♪ Take my mind, that's a ride and look like you love it ♪ Well, only the best money can buy. Be nice, detective. They may be very kind women. They're only playing the cards they've been dealt. Not everyone was born so lucky. Are you trying for charming? Oh, please, you must know that you're attractive... scientifically speaking. The distance between your eyes is 44% the width of your face. 46% is considered optimal, but you're in the zone. Wide eyes, high cheekbones... it's not my taste, mind you. I prefer a more flawed look. But empirically speaking, detective, you're quite hot. Looks don't go very far in my chosen profession. It's more of a liability, actually. And I appreciate the effort to conceal them. But just so you know, it's not working. [Cheers and whistling] There you are... the good doctor. Not sure I sent you an invite. You two seem a bit overdressed. I'm sure we could find something for you to slip into, detective. Hmm, not actually planning on staying. Just came to give you a lift. Hoping you would join us downtown. Sounds like a blast. But as you can see, I have company in my home. I'm confused. Whose home is this? Dr. Gardner's or Mr. Price's? That  is  your real name, right? Harold Price. What are they talking about? Who is Harold Price? Henry : Dr. Gardner's real name before he changed it. He opened a wellness clinic in Florida where two patients died. That was not my fault. Honey, let me just clarify this misunderstanding with them, and I'll come and join you in a minute, okay? [Smooches] It was a terrible thing that happened. But I assure you that I had nothing to do with their deaths. I have no doubt. You have neither the training nor the intellect to conceive a drug as complex as Aterna. But we need to know who did. Not here. I'll come with you. [Chuckling] Can I at least put some clothes on? I wish you would. [Music plays in distance] Well, hello again. Do I... Know you? We met at the Aterna office. I probably had on a scarf. I'm sorry. I don't remember. Ohh! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Perhaps you've had enough to drink. [Slurring] I don't drink alcohol. [Sniffs] Sparkling water? [Man groans] [Thud] Jo : I need names, photos, and statements of every person at this party... now. So, the killer likely entered here coming from the pool. He attacked Dr. Gardner from behind with an arm around his throat. Yeah, the mirror would have shown his reflection, but the victim never turned. He was stabbed in the fifth intercostal space at the left eternal border... a precise wound. A precise killer. Didn't waste a moment. Excuse me? May I borrow those? You got something? A single stab wound with a disposable scalpel. We're looking for someone with medical training. Look at those spots. It's like something's eating his brain. Dr. Gardner was suffering from the same neurodegenerative disorder as Bill Sayle was. So if he didn't get stabbed... He would have died anyway. Wow. That is massively unlucky. Or lucky, if you consider getting stabbed less painful than your brain turning to Swiss cheese. The one correlation we have... they were both taking Aterna. Yeah, but we ran the tox reports. We found nothing. I don't believe in nothing. I'm a scientist and, quite frankly, a skeptic. There's always something, so long as you know what to look for. [Light humming] [Electricity crackling] [Groaning] [Breathes deeply] [Sighs] When Mulgrave told me, I thought he was joking. What are you doing here, James? [Electricity crackling] [Groaning] [Chuckles] I'm just trying to feel better, live longer. You've read the literature. Are you toying with me? We laughed about people who did this. Well, maybe we've been closed-minded, then. There's no logical reason for you to be here. This isn't science. This is magic. Stop. Now you're being a fool. I'm taking you out of here. Calm down, Henry. You... [Coughing] [Breathes sharply] [Sighing] Yes. Your gift for instant diagnosis is correct. James... we're gonna fix this. We're both men of science. The Europeans have been reporting all sorts of novel treatments. There is no cure for tuberculosis. We don't even know what causes it. Yes, we are men of science, Henry... Until it fails us. Tuberculosis! Is that still a thing? For centuries, it's been turning healthy lungs into rotting, decaying tissue. I just ordered Chinese. We didn't even know it was a bacterial infection until 1882. And then it took us another 20 years to learn that it can be transmitted via infected cow's milk. Okay, so how does that tie into our case? I was looking for a compound in Aterna that could be causing this damage, but what if the Aterna itself was infected with something? Wouldn't you have seen it on the tox report? Not if it was a prion disease. A what? Prions... they're neither bacterial nor viral. And they're not alive. They're simply bits of protein. That's why they never showed up on any tests. But when prions infect you, they cause bizarre neurological symptoms because they're eating holes through your brains. What are you doing? I-I have to get ahold of every person who ever went to that clinic, get them to stop drinking this stuff, and I'm gonna need you to explain that prion thing to a whole bunch of city officials. Jo... It gets worse. You catch a prion disease by ingesting infected tissue. And prions reside in human neuro tissue. Brains? These people are eating brains? Drinking them. The more important question is this... Where are those brains coming from? How many missing Jane and John Does are there, Lucas? You know about the missing bodies? You've been nervous about losing something for two days because you never lose anything... not since you left your father's first-edition "Dune" novel on the subway when you were 6. You remember that story. How many, Lucas? Yes! Uh... between us, Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, I've tracked down 12 over the last year. You have lists of who could have checked out the bodies. I've talked to every morgue attendant, every MSAT driver. You tell me every single detail of your life. Do that now, beginning with the missing John Doe. Now? Just... uh, o-o-okay, well, that was Monday. And, um... Oh, and it was my ex-girlfriend's birthday. So I walked into storage, thinking about how she loved black labs. Why don't I just get her one? Go on. Uh, I was drinking a Colombian dark roast that I got from that place that does the pour-overs, and the flavors melded perfectly with the doughnut that I was eating. Tell me about the doughnut, Lucas. The doughnut? Lucas doesn't usually eat doughnuts. Eh, it was... yeasty. But it wasn't too yeasty. The texture was delightful. They come from this special bakery down in Brighton Beach. I saw you licking sugar off your fingers that morning, and you don't live in Brighton Beach. Who gave you the doughnuts, Lucas? Anton. Anton Vann, our EMS guy. He... he brings me one every time he delivers a body. To distract you when he leaves with another. Hey, this is Jo Martinez. I need a BOLO on one Anton Vann. [Sires wailing] [Guns cock] NYPD. Don't move. Do not move! Anton, you're under arrest. We have records to prove you stole 12 John and Jane Does across the city to harvest their pituitary glands. [Ukrainian accent] They didn't need them anymore. Maybe you should take this a little more seriously. You're gonna get at least 10 years for fraud, theft, tampering with a corpse. But that is child's play, compared to a sentence for the murder of Harold Price. Who? Dr. Gardner. We have witnesses who place you at his party. We also checked your ambulance. Your kit was missing one disposable scalpel. And guess what Price was stabbed with. Who was Harold Price working with to make the Aterna? Now, he didn't have a science background. He was just a salesman. You give me a name, and I will talk to the DA. Or I could have a conversation with Immigration. I am sure they would just love to send you back home, have you stand trial in the Ukraine. I made the Aterna. I trained to be a chemist in Ukraine. But when I moved to America, this was all I could do. You ready to put that in writing? Yes. I'll put all of it in writing. [Pounding] Excuse me. [Telephone ringing] You're gonna break the mirror. You realize that? I apologize. Before you secure a confession, I need you to ask Anton something verbatim. "When you extracted the complex peptide "from the pituitary gland, did you use the Ribowsky method?" My colleague has a simple question... when you extracted the complex peptide from the pituitary glands, did you use the Ribowsky method? Of course I did. [Pounding] [Clears throat] He didn't do it. Which part of it? Anton definitely stole the Jane and John Does, and he murdered Dr. Gardner... that's clear. But there's no Ribowsky method. He doesn't have the scientific experience to have created Aterna. Man : Sorry to interrupt, but we found this when we closed down the clinic. It's a list of all the Aterna patients. Okay, we've got to get ahold of every single one of these people, get them to stop drinking this stuff. Henry? Are you all right? Hey. Are you okay? Abe : Uh, this painting would be a fine addition to any collection. But what about resale value? Well, I always thought beautiful women never go out of style. [Bell jingles] Abraham! Did you take it?! Take what? I'm sorry. The store's closed. Hey! Hey... hey, come back in five after this crazy gentleman has cooled off. Oh, don't joke about this, Abraham! Did you take the Aterna?! What?! Why would you think that? Because I saw your name on the list of patients. Oh, somebody slipped me a brochure at a mahjong tournament. I only went in for a consultation. I never took any of it. [Breathing heavily] So you lied to me... right to my face. What happened to growing old gracefully? I've done it. Now I'm old, and I've done it gracefully. So, what? You want to be young? No! Well... Maybe. Some... Sure. [Exhales sharply] That's not why I went up there. Then why? Because... Because sometimes I worry. I mean, I think... Who's gonna take care of you when I'm gone? [Sighs] [Sighs] And by the way, you should know me better than that. I'm a doctor's son. Do you think I'd be taken in by any of that hokum? I asked them so many questions, they had to trot the chemist out to explain it to me. What chemist? The beautiful one. And she's smart, too. God, what eyes. Would you know her if you saw her? Hey, don't insult me. Eyes a little bigger, a-and the jaw not so square. Are you familiar with Ingrid Bergman? She has Ingrid's eyes. Um... Th-that's close. That's close. Your sister is here to see you. Go now. [Whimpers, sniffles] Jo : Got it. Got a match. That's Dr. Gardner's girlfriend. She was the brains behind Aterna. Sasha Savchenko... 28. She's a Ukrainian chemist. Moved here on a medical school visa in 2011. Last known address in Brighton Beach, living with her brother. Anton Vann. [Indistinct talking over P.A.] Man :  1 train now arriving. We have a unit headed to her house right now. Dr. Morgan? Your, uh, roommate is on the phone. Hello? I see the chemist from the clinic. The beautiful one. I'm gonna follow her. Stay right where you are, Abraham! Where are you? I left the precinct. I went to the subway. I'm... I'm at... [Cellphone beeps] Abe?! I need you to put out a BOLO on this woman. Henry, do you have a photo of Abe? It's Wednesday, so Abe should be heading to the Russian bars on 50th and Broadway. The next 1 train station is at 18th Street. But given the frequency of the trains uptown at this hour of the day, he should be at 23rd in 6 minutes. [Train rumbling] [Siren wailing] Woman :  Next stop... 23rd Street. Hello? This is Henry Morgan's roommate. Man :  Please stand clear of the closing doors. I'm on the 1 train. Still on at 23rd, but I think... [Cellphone beeps] [Groans] [Siren wailing] She didn't get out at 23rd. Next stop... 34th Street-Penn Station. Hello? Hello? She's getting off. She's getting off. She's getting out. [Indistinct conversations] Officer! I need you to arrest that woman. Why? What did she do? I-it's a little complicated. She's a chemist who's been making, uh, shakes out of human brains. O-kay. Have you eaten today, sir? A little nosh. What does that got to do with anything? Take it easy, sir. Hey. Take your hands off me. Check all the incoming cars. Abe! Oh! [Exhales sharply] Do you know this guy? Thank God. Will you tell this moron that I'm here on official police business? No, you're not! Hey, w-which way did she go? There! There! Hey, hey! What about me?! Keep him there! Sir... don't call me a moron. You were at the party. I'm not the police, Sasha. I'm a doctor, just like you studied to be. I know you've been making the Aterna. I... didn't know it was hurting people. I-I wasn't going to sell it. I was going to destroy it. I believe you. It was good when we used the stem-cell line, but... they were expensive. He threatened to tell INS about me if I didn't do what he wanted. And that's why you asked your brother for help. I just wanted to work. You can't imagine what I was giving people, what I was able to do. It was your brother that killed Dr. Gardner, not you. Anton was scared someone would find out about me. Dr. Gardner didn't deserve to die. None of those people deserved to die. But it's my fault. Jo : Stop! Drop the bag! [Horn blaring] Put your hands up where I can see them! Jo, wait! Drop it! I have to go now. Stop! Henry! You're too young to die. We managed to get in touch with all the Aterna clients, and the first question out of everyone's mouth was, "when will I be able to get more?" [Sighs] Everyone wants to be young again. Not everybody. I worry about you, detective. You have breakfast at your desk before anyone arrives and dinner after everyone leaves. Then you go home to sleep. There's more to life. Be careful, Henry. You start talking about the perfect symmetry of my face again, and I'll draw my sidearm. Abe's always telling me to enjoy life. I think I'm doing the same thing here. This is the most exciting city in the world. There is someone out there for all those breakfasts and dinners. Yeah, well, I already found him. [Elevator bell dings] [Sleeping at Last's "Chandeliers" plays] He's gone. ♪ When all of the pieces align ♪ 
♪ when the balance is clearly defined ♪ Good night, detective. ♪ We'll sigh ♪ [Sighs] ♪ And we'll settle down ♪ Good night, Henry. ♪ For the first time ♪ Henry :  As sad and dreadful as death may be, it forces us to cherish every moment because the truth is... ♪ But held in museum display ♪ Life is precious because it's finite. We're not giving up hope. ♪ Time pulls us further away ♪ I've been reading European journals. The French have seen results with plombage to collapse lungs. No. There are still options. No. Henry... ♪ Into the tide ♪ I should have stopped a long time ago. [Breathes deeply] ♪ Only silhouettes ♪ I wanna go outside. ♪ Will remain in the place ♪ 
♪ Where our rare bird of grace appeared ♪ Don't give up. I'm not. ♪ In our pale, imperfect ligh ♪ I'm giving in. Seeing it all as it should be. ♪ Our palms will stabilize ♪ [Exhales sharply] Henry, look. ♪ And your brightness will close our heavy eyes ♪ Look around. ♪ And we'll dream with you ♪ It's just all so beautiful. ♪ We'll dream with you ♪ When you're immortal, you have to be reminded of beauty. Days stretch into years, stretch into centuries. Time can lose its meaning. I mean, that... that was amazing yesterday, huh? Just like my old activist days at Berkeley. [Chuckles] And I got arrested! Ha! I tell you something... I feel 40 years younger. I feel 40 years older. I just need some alone time in my lab. I found another tidbit for my chart. I-I-I refuse to allow you to spend one more moment in there. Come on. I-I-I-I need you to help me with something. ♪ Your wings will unbend ♪ So however long you live, even though that might prove a very, very long time... ♪ In your brilliant display ♪ You must tell yourself to live every day... ♪ All our worries will wash away ♪ Every hour, as if it could be your last. [Breathes deeply] This may be a terrible idea. Yeah. Or a great one. [Sighs] Are you absolutely sure you want to do this? ♪ On pale, imperfect eyes ♪ You only live once. ♪ Chandeliers rely ♪ I'll see you on the other side. Yahoo! ♪ In our pale, imperfect light ♪ 
♪ We'll dream with you ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 