Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - The Pugilist Break - Forever 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - The Pugilist Break https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=72&t=14501 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/15/14 17:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - The Pugilist Break 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Henry :  My name is Henry Morgan. My story is a long one. Something happened nearly two centuries ago... And I was transformed. My life is just like yours... Except for one small difference. It never ends.  
 Over the years, you could say I've become a student of death. You see, I need to find a key to unlock my curse. So, I currently work for the New York City medical examiner's office. It holds the largest collection of slightly chilled corpses in the world. If your game is death, you go where the action is. Hey. Yo, Raul. What'd that bag do? Trying to get with your girl or something? I just got a lot on my mind. That's all. You know, this whole mentoring thing works both ways, if you've got a problem you want to talk about. [Sighs] I appreciate it, little man, but I got to take care of this on my own. I'll see you tomorrow? Yeah. You bet. [Car alarm blaring] [Door rattles] [Chuckles] I shouldn't even be showing you this yet. Technically, it's not on the market. Oh, my God, Wendell, look. All of the moldings are original. Still, part of me hears "Alphabet City" and thinks... Junkies and homeless people? That's the old Alphabet City. They're putting in a new playground across the street... Same people who did the high line. You smell something? There's an artisanal cheese shop that just opened up next door. All the buildings in this neighborhood were built over 200 years ago. They have great bones. Don't they just ooze character? Whoa! Whoa! Aah! [Gasps] [Flies buzzing] [Breathes deeply] Woman : That piece that we were looking for to tie the entire living room together, I think I found it. [Camera shutter clicks] Oh, no, not for  that  house... For the Hamptons one. Isn't it perfect? Oh, no, I know it's not shabby chic, but if we painted it then sandblasted it to give it that distressed look... You're selling my credenza? Your  credenza? This is an antique shop, not a museum. But that doesn't mean we have to sell to just anyone. Our buyers have to be worthy of my... Our  antiques. Will do. I'll pull the trigger, then. I'm, uh, terribly sorry. There's been a misunderstanding. Uh, this piece isn't for sale. Oh, well, perhaps we haven't found the right price. What do you want for it? How about an owner who doesn't want to desecrate a one-of-a-kind antique? I'll be back... For your goingout-of-business sale. [Bells jingle] Wow. She seemed upset. He has that effect on people. Uh, miss! What are you, uh...? I've been trying to reach you. You've got to get a cellphone. Oh, I find those things utterly useless. You could have just called. [Pulsating tone] Ah. So, how can I help you? Well, I just had a quick question about some antique furniture. Really? No. Henry, we caught a fresh one, as in body. But from what I hear, it's not so fresh. [Police radio chatter] You think this neighborhood is rough now? When I first started on the job, there was a murder a week here. Should have seen it in the '80s. 1980s. Are you really gonna try to out-old-school me, Henry? A century before that, on the week of August the 5th, 420 people died here. How? Heat wave. Thank God for air-conditioning. Every generation likes to think they're improving upon the last, that progress is inevitable, that the future holds less misery and suffering than the past. But the truth is, some things never change. History has a way of repeating itself. It's just most people don't live long enough to see it happen. Henry. You okay? Yes. Yes, fine. [Indistinct conversations] Hello. Jo : Henry, let's go. Doc. D.O.A.'s over here. Decomp, obviously. No I.D. Rats did a real number on his face. Any idea how he died? The patrolman who found him said he had a needle in his arm. Looks like we got ourselves an A.D.J. A.D.J.? Another dead junkie. [Sighs] Regardless of this man's habits, he still has a name, detective. Judging by the decompositional changes, he's been dead three days, and by his livor mortis, I'd say... He's been moved. What's more, the victim recently stepped in some sort of granulated rubber... Yet there's no footprints. Look at this. Blunt-force contusion framed by a scalloped laceration. The "victim" probably got high and tripped down the stairs, doc. All probability aside, I'd like to determine how he  actually  died. [Camera shutter clicking] Hmm, that's curious. What? Whoever injected him missed the vein. You see how the opiate pooled in his muscle tissue? Wait, what are y... what are you saying? He was injected post-mortem? Presumably by the same person responsible for his head trauma... This man's actual cause of death. You mean murderer? Yes. That's a much more succinct way of putting it. Hey, we've got a match on the victim's DNA... Raul Lopez. Told you he had a name. I understand there is a backlog. Yes, I know how many people die in New York every year. Of course I understand that toxicology is a science... First used as evidence in trial in 1850 in Belgium, though its origins date back to Celsus, the oft-forgotten Roman physician of the first century. [Dial tone] Hello? Hello? Well, that's just rude. Everything okay? They're telling me that Raul's toxicology report is gonna take two weeks. And...? Well, the heroin is the smoking gun. Each batch of heroin is unique. Like a snowflake. [Sighs] If we can I.D. the batch that Raul was injected with, then we might be able to tie it back to a specific dealer and then from the dealer to a person who purchased it... i.e., his killer. Henry, I hate to break it to you, but most murder cases aren't solved with a smoking gun. Brick by brick... That is how you build a homicide case. But... And if you do not learn to turn this job off, you are gonna end up burned out or at the bottom of a bottle. Trust me. [Siren wails] Don't get me wrong. I'm thrilled to be here, but what exactly are we looking for? A discarded heroin baggie. Didn't the cops already do that? Yes, with about as much intensity as our colleagues over at the toxicology lab. By the time they determine which batch of heroin Raul was injected with, the case will be even less of a priority. And how is a man to be remembered? As another dead junkie stuffed in a closet, eaten by rats. [Rats squeaking] Rats. Shh! Do you hear that? Uh, yeah, we're in New York. Animals' tox screens are much faster than humans'. If the rats ate Raul and Raul was filled with heroin... Then the rats ingested the heroin. The opiates in their system should make them much easier for you to catch. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Wait...  m-me  to catch? Happy hunting. Wait, hold on! What if I get bit? Ah, yes. Rats have been known to carry lassa fever, hantavirus, salmonella, and, of course, let's not forget the black death. I highly recommend that you  don't  get bit. "Don't get bit." Okay. That's... That's great advice. Thank you. Ooh! Wow, that's a big one. Come here. [Indistinct whispering] [Baby crying] [Coughing in distance] Man : Visiting hours are over. How'd you get in this time... crawling through the basement like a rat? This man is dead. Why on earth haven't you moved his body? This man died of typhus. His body's a breeding ground for disease. The whole damn tenement's a breeding ground, doctor. They bring it with them from the old country. [Sighs] What was his name? Some immigrant. Signed his name with an "X." Boy : His name was Jacob. He was my father. Looking for some "H"? Oh, I gave up opiates years ago. Tell me, you don't happen to know a Raul Lopez? You a cop? No. In fact, the majority of them don't care for me very much. Did you ever sell to him? You want me to break my dealer/client privilege? [Chuckles] It's bad for business, bro. Although I'm not a police officer per se, I do know they're investigating Raul's death as an overdose. Can't imagine  that being good for business. Raul wasn't using. How do you know? It's my job to know. Raul used to be one of my best customers. Since he got out of prison and moved in with his girlfriend, he stopped buying. Hmm. So, we cool? Yeah, almost. First, I'd like to sample some of your wares. What's the smallest amount? Do you sell by the milligram? What? I wish to purchase some heroin. Give me $40. [Siren wails] [Tires screech] Hands in the air! Joanne : Let me get this straight. You were buying narcotics on the street in the middle of the night for "research purposes?" That's the long and the short of it. You know schedule 1 possession's a year behind bars, right, doc? Henry wasn't gonna use the drugs. Were you, Henry? My intention was to match the heroin on the street with the heroin injected into the murder victim. Joanne : 20 years on the job... That's got to be the dumbest piece of police work I have ever heard of. Lucas : Mission accomplished, doc. Yeah, these little fellas are just starting to sober up. They were rolling pretty hard on the "H" train. That's what the kids call it. Are those... Yeah. Rats. I didn't know which one was eating at Raul, so I just got the whole nest. And that way, they don't get lonely. Huh? Make that the  second  dumbest. Look, I know that this is difficult. Antoinette : It's him. That's Raul. Tattoo over his heart, that's my name. Listen, if you need a moment... When were you to be married? Uh, engagement ring without a band. Seems to be a bit loose, perhaps as a result of a crash diet. When was the big day? Raul and I were supposed to be married this spring. You know, according to his record, your fiancé had a history of drug abuse. I hate to ask, but... Whether he was using again? Right. Well, you said it yourself... It was history. Raul was more than some rap sheet. Who  was  he? You ever been given a second chance? Raul didn't want to waste his. He landed on his feet when he got out of prison. Started working at the rec center. I don't suppose it says anywhere in that file how many hours a week he spent mentoring those kids. Raul didn't want them to make the same mistakes he made. Jo : Listen, the last time you saw him, was there anything odd about the way he was acting? Actually... Yeah, he was arguing on the phone when he left the apartment. With whom? Do you know? And y-you don't happen to have that cell? That was the night he went missing. You really buying this story... Someone shot him up? His fiancée says he was clean, and Dr. Morgan says he was murdered. Anything on Raul's phone? Ah, dead end. He was using a prepaid cell... No way of retrieving his call record. Unless you have his actual cell. Ping it off the cell tower, find its location. [Elevator bell dings] Oh, hey. I was gonna go home and take a shower. Been burning the midnight oil. You haven't been home yet. How long does it take to draw a vial of rat blood? Oh, that's... that... that's done. Already got the tox reports back on our furry little friends. And? Dead end. Yeah. The heroin used to shoot up Raul was tied to dozens of O.D.'s and possession charges. It'd be impossible to pinpoint it to one dealer. Great. So, what were you doing all night? Uh... obstructive bowel surgery. Look at him, just sleeping off the anaesthesia. [Chuckles] You performed emergency rectal surgery on a rodent? Uh, listen, I could tell that the little guy didn't feel well, okay? And when I opened him up, I figured out why. Poor guy's been eating junk... literally. Look at this. [Scoffs] A lottery ticket. Where's the nutrition in that? Must have found it in the victim's pocket. I checked the numbers... He didn't win. Hmm. Look at this. Shaped like a boxing glove. Guess he swallowed it when he ate the victim's fingers. Did Raul's X-rays come back yet? Yes. Just as I thought. Basilar skull fracture that led to an acute subdural hematoma and then, shortly thereafter, death. Huh. His hand... It's fractured. Rats probably chewed through it after Raul was dead. I doubt it. This fracture is of the transverse neck of his fourth metacarpal, more commonly known as the pugilist break. Makes sense, being a golden glove boxer and all. No, this fracture is new. He hit something or someone just before he died. That's right. Good. Come on, now. Step into it. Step into it. Remember, all that power, it comes from your legs. Fabian North? I want to ask you a few questions about Raul Lopez. When Raul didn't show, I knew it was something bad. He never misses a day of volunteering. When was the last time you saw Raul? Four days ago. About what time? 9:00. Exactly? I was closing down for the night. I'm the one with the key. Did Raul have any enemies that you know of? Enemies? No. Everyone loved Raul. His fiancée said he was arguing with someone on the phone. Must have been somebody he had beef with. You know who Tommy Delgros is? The real-estate developer? Yeah, beef about what? Rec center's on the chopping block. Delgros is buying up half the old neighborhood. The new playground going up around the corner is his, and he's looking to build a bunch of million-dollar condos on either side. The laceration above your eye looks recent. [Chuckles] Yeah, these kids are pretty tough. A gloved hand would have an entirely different effect on the dermis. I never said it happened inside the ring. Remember, most of these kids are from the streets. This is where Raul learned to fight, you know? So, when Delgros came in and threatened to tear down the place, I should have known Raul was gonna go down swinging. You don't box? [Sighs] Neither do I. Though I've had my fair share of punches. I once had my nose flattened to a pancake. Do you play tennis? See any tennis courts around here? No. I don't. [Sighs] Did you know Raul? He was my big brother. Not my real brother, but, you know, same thing. I'm sorry. Seems like he was a good man. Forget about it. [Coughing in distance] I know you're not hungry, but you have to eat. There's more food for you in this sack. You need your strength. You're not supposed to be here. I know. I snuck in through the tenement next door. You could get lost in these basements. It's for you. My father made it. He was a leatherworker. A trespasser and a squatter hiding in the same hall. Get them out of here. Can't you see that this boy is ill? All the more reason to get him off my property. This child is an orphan because of you, because of the squalid conditions of your tenement. Did I force these people onto boats, doctor? They came here for a better life, and they found it. Now, this may not be the palace hotel, but it's progress. You'd do well not to stand in the way. I'm not moving. Well, we'll see about that, doctor. [Grunting] Boy : No! No!! Loosies. Hey, loosies. I got loosies here. No, gave up smoking years ago. Yeah, loosies... Loose cigarettes. I grew up in a neighborhood like this. As a kid, I had no idea they were sold in packs. Really... a female cop from a tough neighborhood? I assume your father was in law enforcement. Uh, more like... the opposite. Where are you going? You said Raul bought a lottery ticket the day he was killed. This is where he bought it. Around here, the bodega is the bank, post office, and supermarket all rolled into one. Sergio : Of course I know Raul. Great guy. Bought a ticket that day. Damn. Talk about your bad luck. We heard there was bad blood between Raul and some real-estate developer, Tommy Delgros? Oh, if you say so. Raul was trying to rally business owners  not  to sell. Three generations... This bodega's been open 24/7 every day of the year, including Christmas. All night, I got junkies trying to steal baby formula so they can trade it in for smack. I've been stuck up more times than I can count. See, Raul only sees the best in this neighborhood. But me... I've seen enough. I'm ready to sell, and Mr. Delgros made me an offer. Hold on a second. Whoa! Can't you two read? This here's a closed site. Yeah, NYPD. Is Mr. Delgros here? We have some questions. He's not. Can I pass along a message? Remember Raul's shoes? He walked through a partially dried rubber surface the night he was murdered. What's more, the building where he was dumped abuts this playground, close enough for him to have been carried. He was struck by a blunt object with a sharp, scalloped edge. Excuse me. Do you mind? Perhaps a shovel. This is where it all happened. Hanson said his cellphone is still transmitting from somewhere around here. Do you have Raul's number? Yes, I do. [Dialing] Okay, it's ringing. Excuse me. How many days ago was this poured? I don't know... a day or two ago? I lost the signal. Call that number again, detective. [Dialing] Lou : What is he doing? Is he kidding me? [Cellphone vibrating] Henry. I better get Mr. Delgros. Yes. You do that. [Grunting] It's down here somewhere. You mind telling me what the hell is going on?! Mr. Delgros? Yeah. Detective Martinez. Who's your friend? That is Dr. Henry Morgan. Doctor, huh? Doctor of what? Pathology, amongst other things. What's he doing tearing up my construction site? Crime scene. We believe a man named Raul Lopez was murdered here four days ago. Raul who? [Grunts] [Gasps] Oh! Yes! Yes! I found it. The murderer tried to destroy the evidence that linked him to the crime, only he forgot to turn the phone off. Thank you. He placed a call. 9:36... half an hour before our time of death. Well, try it. I hate to interrupt, but who the hell is Raul Lopez? [Cellphone ringing] Funny you don't remember him. You're the last one he called before he died. Joanne : I hope you don't mind answering a few questions, Mr. Delgros. Not at all. I hope you don't mind. My attorney, uh, insisted on joining us. Looks like someone else is feeling a bit left out, huh? In or out, Henry. Which is it? Don't mind if I do. Mr. Delgros, you said you never spoke to the victim. He never said who he was. Look, I get a lot of angry phone calls. I don't know how they get my number. So, what was Raul so angry about? The fact that I wanted to take a neighborhood that's been left to rot for a hundred years and finally fix it up. What about the recreation center? Where are those children gonna play once you tear it down? Doctor. No, no, no. No. That's a... that's a fair question. That's exactly why we're building them a new playground. Where all the wealthy children will get to play once the poor ones have been dispossessed... again. [Chuckles] Where did you find this guy... the local preservation society? Do you know what the Germans, the Puerto Ricans, and the Irish have in common? They all settled in Alphabet City 'cause no other neighborhood would have them. I don't need a history lesson from you, doctor. My grandfather was one of them. We live on an island... You want to build something new, you have tear something old down. It's the price of progress. The price of you making my work site a crime scene is 20 grand a day. Now, the sooner you can solve that, the better. Is there anything else? No, I think that about covers it. Thank you for your time. No problem. You have a good day. You're just letting him go? I'm sorry, Henry, but one phone call from the victim isn't enough to hold him. What about his alibi? Guy like that's not gonna get his own hands dirty. If you're gonna tie this guy to the murder, you're gonna have to cross all your T's and dot all your I's. You got it, Loo. Wasn't talking to  you. [Cork pops] [Slow music plays] [Bells jingle] Perfect timing... Happy hour. Something's wrong. Something's missing. Oh, calm down. Your credenza is just where you left it. It's not that. My old medical bag... Where is it? I sold it. To whom? To a podiatrist from Long Island. Podiatrist? Abe, how could you? That bag had sentimental value. Oh, everything in this store has sentimental value. If you don't let go of your past, this store doesn't have much of a future. [Sighs] Ah, you're right. I'm sorry, Abe. You're running a business. Not a particularly lucrative one. Look, if I'd have known that bag was so special, I guess I... Of course. It's probably for the best that I learn to let go of all this junk. You okay? You know what the worst part about living for 200 years is? Having to renew your driver's license every seven years? Fair point. Second worst... Watching the same misdeeds happen over and over, history destined to repeat itself. You know, I don't believe that. I mean, not that history doesn't repeat itself, but that we don't have any ability to change it. Well, how do we do that? Well, how the hell should I know? I'm barely 70 years old. [Bells jingle] Hi. Sorry to barge in again. Your phone... It's off the hook. I, um, took a little siesta earlier... with Mrs. Rosenbaum. Another body? Another suspect. I told you guys like Delgros don't get their own hands dirty. Lou Spaganelli. Yeah, remember the guy who didn't want us to dig up Raul's cellphone? Lou dabbled in the family business back in the day... You know, mob muscle, collecting on loans. How'd you like to go on your first stakeout? What are you doing? What does it look like I'm doing? I'm eating. Putting food in your mouth and eating are two very different things. That smells nauseating. Henry, you're around dead bodies all day, and you can't handle the smell of a gyro? You know what they put in those? Nope. I don't care. What did Delgros just hand him? The next break in our case. [Engine turns over] [Engine shuts off] The rec center. What is he doing? He left the package inside. [Sighs] I got it. How do you...? Your father. Yep. Like I said, not the greatest role model in the world. Henry... Where are you going? Fabian had the only key to the rec center, which means Lou got it from him. Don't suppose your father...? Fabian. Looks about right for a contract hit, wouldn't you say? Right this way. Mind telling me what this is about? It's the middle of the night. We wanted you to take a last look at your friend. As you can see, the rats had a three-day head start. [Gasps] Oh, my God. $50,000. Was it worth it? I don't know what you're talking about. We found Raul's ring. Well, there was tissue lodged underneath it. It's at the lab now. Tell me, Fabian, whose DNA do you think we'll find on Raul's ring? I swear to God, I did not kill Raul. If you didn't kill Raul, what was that money for? To convince the rest of the neighborhood to sell. Delgros knew I had their ear, so he offered me money to push things through. Look, I'm not proud of what I did, but the rec center was going under either way. I was gonna use the money to run for city council. And when Raul found out that you and Delgros were in bed together? Raul went nuts, said he was gonna tell the whole neighborhood, blow Delgros' construction project all to hell. And when he broke his hand punching you on the night of the murder... That was the last time I saw him. I swear to God. Who else did you tell, Fabian? Who else knew Raul was gonna scuttle that deal? No one. Just Mr. Delgros. Why didn't you tell me about the DNA on Raul's ring? Because it was rodent DNA. Please tell me we can arrest Delgros now. Brick by brick, Henry. [Sighs] What's the next brick? We talk to a judge. What was so important we couldn't talk on the phone? You killed him. I told you Raul was gonna mess up the deal, and you shut him up, didn't you? What is it you want, Fabian? 50 grand. I got my friend's blood on my hands, and you think you can buy off for 50 grand?! Ah, so this is a renegotiation, right? You weren't content with my original campaign contribution? I want to hear you say it. Say you had him killed. Easy. Don't force it, Fabian. Fabian, have you ever wondered why the rats in New York City look so healthy? Because the weak ones are eaten up by the strong. You turned into a rat when you agreed to our deal. What's it gonna be, Fabian? You one of the strong ones? [Coughing in distance] [Indistinct conversations] Where am I? The hospital. They found you beaten in the street, brought you here. [Grunts] How long have I been? Three days. [Indistinct conversations] [Panting] [Baby crying] Where is he? Where's the boy... the one that lives here? What is it? He's dead. Neighbor said it was typhus. [Breathes deeply] [Ball thudding] Where's he going? Henry : Did you see Raul that night? It's okay. You're not in trouble. Promise. I don't talk to cops. I don't blame you. [Sighs] Sometimes, they scare me, too. [Car door closes] I got to go. [Ball thudding] The kid knows who did it. What the hell are you talking about? The kid from the rec center. He played inside the abandoned building. The ball he was bouncing leaves marks, the same marks we found inside the crime scene. Doesn't mean he was hanging out there the night of the murder. He was scared, Jo. You should have seen his face when Lou saw him talking to me. He took off like he was scared for his life. Which way was he headed? They got him. Jo : Put out an AMBER alert for a black male, age 10 to 12, wearing a blue T-shirt and jeans. Copy. I also need a BOLO on a silver, late-model pickup truck belonging to Delgros Construction. They kidnapped him in broad daylight to stop him from talking. Yeah, well, Delgros has millions riding on this. He already had Raul killed to push it through. I have eyes on Lou... [Siren wailing] Pull your vehicle to the side of the road. [Siren chirps] Is there a problem? Hanson : Mind showing me what's in back? He's not here, Jo. The kid's not in the truck. That doesn't make any sense. Where else could he have gone? He was spooked by Lou in front of the bodega. Unless it wasn't Lou he was looking at. Why do we have a "closed" sign hanging in the door, and the light's still on? What happened to the owner? He's one of the ones who wants to sell. You smell smoke? Smoke? Me, too. Probable cause. Jo : Henry! There must be a basement. Henry! You coming? Henry! How do you know where you're going? I was down here once before, a long time ago. Sergio : What did you tell them?! Alejandro : Nothing! What did you tell them?! I didn't say anything! You didn't say anything? What'd I tell you about talking to cops? [Voice breaking] I swear I didn't say nothing. Raul should have kept his mouth shut. You should have kept your mouth shut, too. No! NYPD! Drop it! [Gunshot] Hey. Are you okay? Are you hit? You're safe. [Tires screech] [Breathing heavily] He came out of nowhere. I didn't even have time to hit the brakes. Henry : Call 911. [Sputtering] I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do for you. Don't you want the person that put you up to this punished? He called you that night, didn't he? Delgros called you and told you Raul was gonna blow the deal. Did he tell you to kill Raul? Did he offer you money? Delgros... Delgros [Sputtering] He... What? What did he tell you? Pretty sure this one counts as an accident. Fairly straightforward from a medical standpoint. So, what's the problem? The problem is, there's no justice here. A murderer got run over by a truck. Some people might argue with you. This man was a pawn, forced to kill another pawn. Delgros used him, and what's his punishment in return, hmm? The rich get richer. And sometimes, they get indicted on bribery charges. Delgros may not have given up the murder on the wire, but he did give up the 50 grand he used to bribe a city council candidate. Will Delgros go to prison for it? Not the kind of prison he deserves. Some things never change. Hey. There's something I want you to see. ♪ That morning sky gave me a look ♪ 
♪ so I left while you were sleeping ♪ Fabian : That's it. That's it. ♪ That's all it took ♪ Not a bad fighter. Jo : Yep. Raul taught him well. What happened to this place being on the chopping block? Well, Fabian came clean to the local business council about Delgros' bribe, and after what happened to Raul, no one wanted to sell. Fabian : Best part, it's too late for Delgros to back out of finishing the new playground he promised us. There's talk of naming it after Raul. Mm, Delgros won't forget his name now. ♪ I just haunt all that I've wanted ♪ Make sure you connect with the knuckles of your first two fingers. Those bones are stronger, less prone to fracture. I thought you said you weren't a boxer. Physician, actually. That's what I want to be when I grow up... Either that or a fighter. Who says you can't be both? ♪ So hold high have faith, your reasons ♪ But some things do change. Years ago, boxers fought bare-knuckled. In 1855, one bout lasted 6 hours, 15 minutes. Back then, the so-called ring was an actual ring, made up of rowdy, bloodthirsty spectators. That's not to say that fights are fair today. The big guy's gloves are still loaded a little heavier, but it's no reason to stop fighting. ♪ That wind is calling my name ♪ Thanks for the lift. God, that smell. Mm. Sunday in New York... red sauce, jerk chicken, and matzo ball all in the same block. Mm-hmm. Why don't you come up for dinner? Um... I insist. [Both chuckle] Abe : Mm! Almost forgot... final dessert treat. No. No... no mas. I am stuffed. Surprise. How...? I drove all the way out to Long Island. The jerk who bought it wanted three times what he paid. Damn podiatrist. I hope it was worth it. Abe... You're welcome. How do you two know each other exactly? Well... Well, it's a long story. Perhaps... Well, it could... I'm an actually... Well, perhaps you should... You want... You tell it? No, no, why don't you tell it? Go ahead. Yeah. Uh... my father and Abe were partners. Business partners. Not that there's anything wrong with the other kind. My old man procured the antiques in London... And he shipped them to me in New York, where I refinished them. When he died, he left me half the store, so I moved to America. So, you could say that Henry's got antiques in his blood. But the real reason, uh, that I've stayed here all these years is not because of the family business, it's because... Well, Abe here's the closest thing to family that I've got. Back at you, Henry. How about a toast? Henry. Yes. To family. To family. Mmm. So, you've known Henry his entire life. I bet you've got some great stories. You have no idea. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 