Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Best Foot Forward - Forever 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Best Foot Forward https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=72&t=17662 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/08/15 02:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Best Foot Forward 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Orchestra tuning] 
 [Man claps twice] 
 As you all know, every performance is special. 
 But tonight... Tonight is history. 
 It marks the end of a stunning career of one of ballet's greatest talents, Odessa Kozlova, a true Prima. 
 And even though this evening is to be her last on stage, her legacy will live beyond the ages, forever. 
 [Applause] 
 Places, please! One minute to curtain. 
 Places! 
 I know you're upset,  Lapochka. 
 But this is for the best. 
 We both know that the pain in your movements is starting to show. 
 The pain I can take. 
 It's  you  I can't stand. 
 Henry :  Every human being on this earth knows that life is not without pain. 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 For most of us, it's an inconvenience, a trial to be endured or avoided. 
 But there are a select few who seek it out, who use it as a tool to create something so beautiful that it transcends this world and makes them immortal. Company change! Ten minutes to act two! Have you seen Eva? She's not in her dressing room? No. And it's seven minutes until her solo performance. Looks like your new princess got cold feet, Dmitry. [Woman screams] Adam :  I believe that the only thing that can kill us is the weapon that made us this way. I still never summoned up the courage to test my theory. Be a sport... let me know if you work up the nerve. [Click] [ Gunshot ] [ Thunder crashes ] [Footsteps] Woman : St. Timothy's medical group, records department. I'm trying to find a woman who may have worked for one of the New York hospitals, a nurse, circa 1985. She was my mother. Woman : Oh, I'm sorry, sir, but to access employee records we need a formal request from the police or the medical examiner's office. Uh, listen, I'll call you back. Abraham, who was that? Ah, nobody. You're hiding something. What's her name? [Chuckles] You got me. You know, this may come as a shock to you, but some people prefer to spend their evenings in the company of the fairer s*x, not locked away in solitude. What have you been doing downstairs, anyway? I was... reading about the life cycle of maggots. Truly a thrilling subject. I only tore myself away to get a bottle of water. Well, I'll let you get to it, then. Isaac : Are you ready? I'm not sure what to expect here. Trust me, you'll like it. Okay. Mmm! Oh, my God, that's, um... Homemade paella. With each bite, you'll swear you were on the streets of Seville. Well, I'll have to take your word for it. I've never been there. I've never been anywhere. Really? I happen to know a man with a plane. You want to take me to Spain? Doesn't have to be Spain. Just close your eyes, point at a spot on the globe, and we'll go. You know, I have heard of schemes like this... Rich millionaire men trying to whisk a girl away using his money and charm... And my good looks. Don't forget good looks. [Chuckles] You got to admit, it does sound tempting, doesn't it? [Telephone rings] Sorry. Hanson. Hey, what's up? [Sighs] I'll be right there. You're ditching me for another body? Well, part of one, at least. Sorry to call you so late, but I figured a guy like you wouldn't want to miss a chance to go to the ballet. You know me well. Hope Isaac wasn't too upset that you left. How did you know I was with Isaac? Let me guess... You smelled his cologne? No, it's just, uh, you seem happy. It's nice to see you in a good mood. Something tells me it's not going to last. How'd the press get here so fast? Oh, a bunch of 'em were in the audience, covering the retirement of this ballerina, Odessa Koza-something. Kozlova. Ukrainian, 35, one of 12 living ballerinas to be given the title of Prima. It's the equivalent of being a queen. Yeah, well, Her Majesty's farewell performance came to a screeching halt when this thing showed up. Any idea who it belongs to? A dancer, obviously. And judging by the dome of her foot, a rather gifted one. 5'4", female, and judging by the skin tone, I'd say that she was of Latin origin... Mexico, perhaps. Or Cuba? Meet Eva Selgas... Only dancer who failed to show for the performance. Fellow ballerinas said she left rehearsal 'round 3:00 but didn't tell anyone where she was going. Killer must have nabbed her sometime after that and hacked off her foot. "Hacked" is the wrong word. Serration of the bone suggests that the killer used some kind of saw. And judging by the blood coagulation, I'd say the amputation was made antemortem. You mean she was still alive when it was cut off? Yes, but I doubt she suffered long. With her arcuate artery severed, Eva must have likely bled to death within minutes. But I'd need to see the body to confirm that. Well, gonna be a bit of a problem with that. We haven't found it yet. Jo : We compared the blood at the scene to Eva's medical records. The foot was definitely hers. Have we notified her family? We're trying, but I.N.S. is having a tough time tracking them down. Turns out Eva's from El Cerro. It's one of the worst slums in Havana. You know, it's a pretty odd background for a ballerina. Reece : It's not odd. It's impressive. To make it out of a neighborhood like that takes determination. Well, and a whole lot of talent, too. She was about to become the first ever Prima ballerina of Cuban descent. And there's no sign of her body? No. I talked to all the stage managers and her fellow dancers. Nobody saw anything suspicious. And a search of the theater turned up empty. Our killer must have cut off her foot in one location, then dumped it at the scene. That's a one hell of a statement. Who are we looking at? Well, no one yet... Technically, this isn't a murder investigation without a body. The mayor's already called me twice. He wants homicide on this. Until we find this girl's body, this story is not going to die. Do whatever it takes. Henry : Extraordinary, isn't it? Yeah, I was gonna go with "bizarre." I mean, what is this? Eva's foot has all the hallmarks of a ballet star. Fractured toes, tearing of her anterior ligaments. She also suffered from tendinitis, judging by these puncture wounds. Some sort of steroidal injection, cortisone perhaps. All that to just twist around in a tutu, huh? Yes, it's hard to believe what some people will do for art. [ Jazz playing ] [Indistinct conversations] Woman : Henri! Glad you decided to come before the cops broke up our little soiree. This isn't the house call I was picturing. You said you were sick. It was Picasso's idea. We knew you would never turn up for merely a party, ah. Which is damn shame, if you ask me. This is Paris, Henry. You should be out, wandering these fair streets with a beautiful girl on your arm. I did have a girl, Ernest, but she left me for a charming American novelist. Ah, yes, I seem to have forgotten her. Maybe you should, too. [Clears throat] Let him go. I won't have you spoiling my celebration by fighting with Hemingway again. What are we celebrating? Three of my latest works were just accepted by the salon. Not bad for a provincial farm girl, hmm? Congratulations! They're unbelievable! Well, you might say I've been particularly inspired lately, hmm? Excuse me for a moment. Valerie, it's time to say good night, I'm afraid. Valerie! Valerie! Valerie, can you hear me? How much did she take? She's not breathing! Come on. [Grunts] That's it! That's it! [Vomiting] Out with it, out with it. That's it. [Gasping] Well, I've talked to 15 hospitals, 20 free clinics, and 40 emts, and not one of them has found a body with a missing foot. Please tell me you've found some of the killer's DNA. Unfortunately, no. But I did find something else on Eva's ballet shoe... Merino wool fibers. And judging by the coarseness and thread count, I'd say that it was from a rug of some kind. That's not exactly the smoking gun I was hoping for. But Eva's brother may have more information. Hanson found his address in Queens. You up for a field trip? Yes. Lucas... Let me know when the tox report comes back from the lab. Will do. [Woman speaking indistinctly on P.A.] Ah, Lucas! If you're looking for Henry, you just missed him. Nope, you're the one I wanted. I have a little favor to ask. Uh, it's about a woman... Oh, trouble with the ladies, huh? Well, fear not. You've come to the right place. I-I-it's my mother. Oh. Yeah. See, she left my pops 'round 1985. And after that, she just kind of vanished. Now, I think I might have found the hospital that she worked at. But the schmucks at the records office won't release her employment files unless someone from the O.C.M.E. requests it. So, that's... Where you come in. Well, why don't you ask Henry? I mean, missing-persons case, hidden files... Sounds like a rocking Saturday night for him. Oh, I forgot to mention... Henry must not know about this, because, um, when my mother went missing, things got kind of dark, uh, for me, that is. I just don't want to worry him. Right. Uh... It's just... I want to help you, but I have a lot of trouble keeping secrets with Henry, because he sort of plays those jedi mind tricks. I'm sure you've felt them. Yeah, I know it's a lot to ask. But, um, Henry just always [clears throat] speaks so highly about... about you. Calls you his right-hand man. Henry says that? O-of course... course he says that. Look, I, uh... [Clears throat] Yeah, I can make some calls for you. Uh, what... what's her name? Well, she's had a few. Karen Jones, Alice Smith. Wait, what do you mean, like aliases? Does this have something to do with your dad? It's a long story. Jo : When did you first realize Eva was missing? She was supposed to meet me for lunch at the restaurant where I work. But she never came. I tried to tell the cops that she was in danger, that... that someone from the ballet had been following her. Wait, you're saying Eva had a stalker? Did she say who it was? Oh, no. She... she didn't say. She... she said she could handle it herself. By the looks of things, she did. Eva was carrying a can of pepper spray in her gym bag. It appears to be half empty. Perhaps she had a recent run-in with her stalker. Is this Eva's car? Yes. Was she driving it the day she went missing? Yes. Henry, where are you going with this? The carpet in cars nowadays is made of synthetic materials, but the carpet in classic cars is made of 100% natural fiber, like the wool we found on Eva's shoe. If we find that car... We may find Eva's body. Hanson : Parking authority found it abandoned this morning on a curbside in the Bronx. Interior appears to be clean, but check this out. Jo : Look at this pool of blood. Henry : The stain is too small. When Eva's killer cut her foot off, it would have been gushing with blood, unless... Unless what? Unless she stopped the bleeding. Eva's killer put her in the trunk believing that she was either unconscious or perhaps even dead. But she was awake. [ Screaming ] [ Sobbing ] The rubber tubing has been torn off this carpet. She must have ripped it out to make a tourniquet. [ Groans ] Wait, doc, are you saying... Our murder victim might still be alive. Where are we with suspects? Well, we're heading over to Stuhler Center now. Eva's brother said she was being stalked by someone at the ballet. Figure we head over there, talk to some people, see if we can flush 'em out. Good. In the meanwhile, State P.D. is putting together a search party, but they've got a lot of ground to cover. It would be nice if they knew exactly where to start. Well, Henry's on it, believe me. Dirt in her tires appears to be a mixture of silt and clay. Grass under the tires seems to be of the  paniculata  variety. Lucas : What exactly does that mean? There must be something here that can tell us where Eva's attacker dumped her body. We only have a few hours left. Time is of the essence! Woman : Lucas, you got a minute? No! No. Uh, a bunch of files came for you from St. Timothy's Medical Group. You have to sign for them. Medical files? What are they about? Oh, that's, uh, probably a mistake. T-they're not for me. Anyway, I'll... I'll, uh, I'll figure this out. Dmitry : It's a terrible thing to lose a talent like Eva. A director is lucky if he sees a dancer like this once, maybe, twice in a lifetime. Everyone she worked with adored her. Well, apparently not everyone. We believe Eva may have had a stalker. Do you know of anyone at the theater that may be jealous? There isn't a girl in the company who wasn't jealous of Eva. She was replacing Odessa Kozlova as the next Prima. She was replacing Odessa? We heard that Odessa was retiring. The injuries, the... the practice, they were beginning to take its toll on Odessa. The company thought it would be best to pass the mantle on to Eva. How did Odessa feel about that? Well, she was upset, naturally. But to think that she would do something like this is impossible. She was at rehearsal the entire day Eva went missing. Besides, I never heard her threaten Eva. They hardly even spoke. [Blows] Looks like Odessa found another way to get her message across. Did Odessa have access to this dressing room? Yes, she did. You think a prim little ballet queen like Odessa's even got the power to cut off a girl's foot? Well, every queen has her henchmen. Russian mob, by the looks of it. Jo : Check out that one. His eyes are almost swollen shut. Allergy season? No, pepper spray. Eva unloaded half a can on the guy who was supposedly following her. No autographs. Oh, actually, we were hoping for an interview. Odessa : You may call it retirement. But when a ballet director replaces you with some girl from the slums who can barely spin on her toes. I call that an insult. Yeah, well, I call it motive. Only a pretty girl like you didn't want to get her hands dirty, so you went to your pal Sergei. Jo : Your record is pretty impressive. Robbery, extortion, aggravated assault. So, what the hell is a thug like you doing hanging out with a bunch of ballerinas? My colleagues and I are investors in Odessa's career. We pay for her dance coaches, her living expenses... And in return, you take a portion of her earnings. But all that money was about to go away when Eva took her job. You chopped off Eva's foot, and then you left it at that ballet as a warning. I never touched Eva! You got close enough for her to pepper-spray you. You must have been following her for a while, waiting for that perfect moment to kidnap her. Odessa : He was never trying to kidnap her. He was only watching her. It's an old trick in Russia. You hire a man to follow from distance, leave a few threats. Suddenly the dancer gets distracted. I was just trying to make Eva slip up. But I told Sergei never to touch her, just to follow. Were you following her the day she went missing? Yes. She left rehearsal around three, went to the courtyard, hung around some statue, and then she left. And you didn't follow her? She already pepper-sprayed me once. Thought it'd be best to let her go. Besides, it was raining outside. Hanson : Let me get this straight, Henry. You dragged us all the way back out here, just because this cossack meathead said it was raining? Henry : Don't you see? It was pouring when Eva left the studio, and yet she stood outside in front of this statue for some time. Jo : Henry, we still have two perfectly good suspects back at the station. Both have motive, both... Are innocent. Sergei and Odessa won't be able to tell us where Eva was going the afternoon she went missing or who she was meeting. But this statue might. It's what the romans would call a "talking statue." You see, in ancient Rome, young lovers were forbidden from speaking in public. So they would leave notes in statues such as this. Hanson : That would explain why no one saw her after she left rehearsal... she was gonna meet her secret lover for a little afternoon delight. Someone whose name starts with a "P." "Oyster Bay Motel, Room 6, 4:00 pm, love, P." Who the hell is "P"? We got to get to the Oyster Bay Motel. Clear. Clear. Hanson : Guess we found where Eva's foot was cut off. No other signs of a struggle, though. You'd think she'd try to fight back. She never had the chance to. Her lover lay in wait. The moment she came through this door into this darkened room, he hit her over the head with this. Eva's attacker must have loaded her body up here and then drove her someplace else to be dumped. Where are you going? There was a piece of  paniculata grass in the wheel well  of Eva's car. And the sand embedded in the tires was silt based. The attacker drove along the beach and stopped... There. Look at those seagulls. They never gather in a flock that large. Not unless there's fresh food. Henry : Eva! Eva! She's still alive! 
 
 [Monitor beeping] Doctor, when can we expect Eva to wake up? She might be able to tell us who her attacker was. It's tough to tell. I mean, judging by her chart, I'd say it's a miracle she's even alive. What your charts won't show is that Eva possesses an extraordinary willpower. She chose to live, despite the pain. You need to find the monster that did this. What's to say he doesn't come back and hurt her again? Reece : We're going to have a guard posted in her room 24/7, Mr. Salgas. In the meantime, there are a few questions that we'd like to ask. Javier, we have reason to believe that Eva was meeting someone at that motel. Do you know if she was seeing anyone? No, no, no, that's... that's impossible. Eva would have told me. Look, I know that this may be ha... No. You don't know! When we came to this country, we drifted on that raft for days with nothing... nothing but each other. You don't hide things from people you love like that. Oh! Here's one that matches the physical description of your mother... 67 years old, 5'4", and... African American. Mm. That's the last of them. Well, I guess it's possible that, uh, she went under some other alias. Well, we could call the hospital and ask for all the employee files that match the description. Of course, to do that, we would need Henry to sign off. Yeah. Well... I guess it's a dead end, then. Lucas : I'm sorry. Listen, if it's any consolation, I, uh, I once had a girl leave me with no explanation. To be honest, I've had a few. Anyway, I know how hard it can be to not have closure. What's hard is imagining my mom in a place like this, under some made-up name. No one to claim her. I don't even know if there was someone there to bury her. Hmm. Anyway, thanks for your help. [Door opens] [Sighs] [Door closes] [Clears throat] [British accent] Yes, St. Timothy's? Yes, this is Dr. Henry Morgan. I'm calling with a very special request. Africa? Isaac : Think about it. Sunsets on the Serengeti. Midnight Safaris. We could even fit in some big-game hunting. Hunting? No, if I go on vacation, I'm leaving my gun at home. Ah, I see your point. What about someplace romantic? What about Paris? Sipping wine on the Rue de Seine. Fireworks over the Eiffel Tower. Now, how can you say no to that? No, it's not... It's not that I'm saying no. It's just... Isaac : Jo? Jo, did I lose you? You know, I'm gonna have to call you back. Thanks. Hey. Ah. If you're thinking about taking a trip to Africa, I would recommend skipping Tanzania. They've just had a recent outbreak of dysentery. No, um, Isaac wants to take me on vacation. Really? Well, he doesn't waste any time, does he? Yeah, I think he's getting impatient with me. Having trouble narrowing down a place? No, it's just, things are... Well, they're moving so fast. And... you're afraid you don't like him? No, I-I-I'm afraid that I  do. Well... If this case has taught us anything, it's that you  can  live, despite whatever pain you're going through. But you can't let the fear of getting hurt stop you from opening up to someone you care about. I don't know why I'm even worrying about this now. I can't leave on a vacation with an open case, and we're not any closer to capturing Eva's attacker. Which is why I propose we head to the Stuhler Center. Eva was about to take the part of Thisbe in the upcoming production of "Pyramus and Thisbe." The note we found in the statue was signed "P"... Pyramus. It stands to reason, if Eva was playing Thisbe... We have to find her Pyramus. [Classical music plays] Dmitry : More energy! Are you trying to bore me? Mr. Milikoff? Can we have a word? Henry : We understand you're doing a production of "Pyramus and Thisbe." Would you tell us who is playing the role of Pyramus? Jean Valle. Why? We're gonna have to speak with Jean. It's regarding Eva Selgas. Yes, well, he's a bit occupied right now... With Eva indisposed, we need to find a new Thisbe. [Loudly] And these girls are not doing much to inspire my confidence! [Groans] [Dancers murmuring] Are you all right? I'm okay. I just... I need a minute. [Sighs] All right, take five. I've got it from here. Thanks. I wouldn't do that. Far healthier to ice your ankle and rest for the day. Look around you, doctor. No one here cares what's healthy. We do what we have to to be the best. Henry : Guess now I know the source of your newfound inspiration. Henri... Thank you for your help last night. But I could do without the lecture. I don't mean to lecture. I'm just trying to understand. Why? Why would you risk your life, your success? Artists in Paris aren't exactly in short supply, Henri. Heroin, it helps to unlock something in me. The works I've created with it will live far beyond me. I just overdid it last night is all. Oh, Valerie. You have a gift so much stronger than opiate. If you just have faith in yourself, I know you're capable of works even greater than this. Well... I won't unless I get back to work, hmm? Thank you again... For everything. [Hammering] Man : [Claps hands] Okay, everybody, let's start again, from the top. [Cellphone rings] Hanson, what's up? Jo, I'm at the hospital. Eva's awake. I asked her who she was meeting at that hotel. You're never gonna guess who it is. I think I have a pretty good idea. This poster features the performers of the first "Pyramus and Thisbe," including the original Pyramus. Jo : Dmitry Milikoff. This is from you, right? You left it for her in the statue. For the thousandth time, yes, this was from me, but from a week ago. We had no plans to meet the day she went missing. Notes in statues. Motel rooms outside of town. What is with all the secrecy, Dmitry? It was Eva's idea. After I announced that she would be next Prima, she was worried that if we were found out, there would be whispering... That she was sleeping her way to the top? I would never do anything to hurt her. I love Eva. Being close to Eva is unlike anything I've ever felt. It is like... [Chuckles softly] Being close to greatness. [Monitor beeping] If I don't look at it, I don't even feel like it's gone. Henry : What it took for you to survive this, your resolve... It's amazing. [Sighs] Many of us who escaped Cuba have learned the hard way there are some things worth more than any pain. If you feel up to it, would you mind telling me exactly what happened, as you remember it? I don't know. It was all a blur. The only thing I remember clearly was waking up in the trunk... [ Screaming ] [ Sobbing ] And realizing what had been done to me. That's it, really. Get some rest, Eva. [Sighs] Have you scheduled an amputation for the rest of her leg? No. In most cases, further amputation would be necessary. But whoever did this to her cauterized the femoral artery. What? Surgically? But that would mean whoever it was never intended to kill her. Dmitry didn't do this! Jo : We know. We just came from the ballet. Security guards confirmed that Dmitry was at the theater the day Eva went missing. He didn't have a chance to try and kill her. Whoever did this wasn't trying to kill her. I just spoke to Eva's doctor. Her wound was cauterized skillfully, so she'd live. Or, rather, so she'd suffer. For her, a life without dancing is a fate worse than death. So, whoever we're looking for has a medical background of some kind. A physical therapist at the ballet? How about an army doctor? Eva's immigration records came through the other day, along with her brother's. I didn't think much of this at the time when I saw it, but... Check out what it says under Javier's occupation. Javier Selgas, age 30. Formerly employed by the Cuban army as a battlefield surgeon. [Knock on door] Javier Selgas. NYPD. Open up. We have a warrant. Allow me. Place is clear, but check out what I found. Just your usual tools, right... Hammer, Phillips head, oh, and a bone saw. NYPD! Freeze. Down on the ground! Nowhere left to run, Javier! No! [Javier grunts, screams] [Thud] Well, we recovered the bone saw at Javier's house along with his medical supplies and the maps to where he dumped Eva's body. Looks like a closed case. One thing still doesn't make any sense. Why would Javier do this to Eva after everything they went through to get here? Well, I mean, Dmitry said that Eva was gonna outgrow everyone. Maybe with her becoming Prima, Javier was worried he'd be left behind. Isaac? Yeah. I took your advice. We are going to Paris. Fantastic. When? Tonight. [Chuckles] Even more fantastic. Good for you. Paris is... Well, let's just say that wherever you go in the world, Paris stays with you, for Paris is a moveable feast. That's beautiful. Well, it's Hemingway, not me. He did have a way with words. He also had a way with women. So, what are Henry Morgan's must-sees in Paris? In my humble opinion, the single best thing to do in Paris is get lost. Lost? Yes. Wake up, start walking in any direction, really, and get lost. Wander the streets until you're so terribly weak that you have no choice but to stop at the nearest cafe and order something wonderful to eat along with a glass or two of wine. And then set back out into the city. And do it all over again. But know that this regimen works best only if done with someone you find very special. Sounds nice. Oh, good, I have both of you. More like you have one of us. Jo has some packing to do. Yeah. Okay. Got the final lab results on Eva's foot. One surprising thing was the... Azathioprine? Nailed it. Big surprise. It was in her blood. It's a powerful... Anti-arthritic. Yeah, you're doing that thing where you... Finish your sentences? Yes. So, it wasn't cortizone she was injecting. But that doesn't make any sense. I need to see the foot. Now. She didn't have early onset arthritis. She had a degenerative bone condition. I'd say she had about a year of dancing left. And she knew it. [Woman speaking indistinctly on P.A.] Checking out? Dr. Morgan. If it's all right, I'd be happy to wheel Eva out. Henry : You've been told about Javier? Yes. I'm still in shock about all of it. I can't believe he's dead. It still seems almost impossible to believe he could do this to me. You have no idea why? Javier always thought I cared more about dance than our family. [Sighs] I guess he was jealous. That seems odd. Javier obviously cared very much about you, he even gave you injections of azathioprine to treat your bone condition. When exactly were you diagnosed? About a year ago. How terrible to learn you'd have less than a year to inhabit a role that you'd spent a lifetime working for. Still, the question remains, why would Javier bother cutting off your foot if he knew your career would soon end? I said I... I don't know. Henry : He would have done anything for you. Or I should say  to  you. At your bidding, Javier cut off your foot. He loved you enough. He had the medical skills. At Javier's house, the police discovered the antibiotics, the adrenaline sulfide, and the saline solution... The perfect cocktail to keep you alive long enough so that the police could find you. You had Javier drop off your foot at the ballet to ensure the attention of the press. Thanks to the media coverage, you'll always be frozen in time as the Prima that  could  have been the best ever. History will never forget you. That is quite a story, Dr. Morgan. Very dramatic. I'll take it from here, doctor. [Indistinct shouting] [Camera shutters clicking] [Classical music playing] She played us. She played all of us. The role of a lifetime. Well, wait till we arrest her. She will be known as the craziest fraud that ever lived. I don't know how that's possible. Javier is dead, and we have no proof that Eva orchestrated this. The D.A. goes to trial with this, Eva walks free. And it will only add to Eva's legend... Be more of what she wants. No, I am not gonna just sit back and... Jo, stop. I'm as upset about this as you are, but this one, we've got to let go. Besides, detective, don't you have a plane to catch? Bring me back a croissant or something. I just... I can't believe Eva put herself through that much pain. And for what? I once knew someone similar to Eva. Never underestimate what some people will do to... To live forever? [Elevator bell dings] Enjoy Paris, Jo. [Sighs] Excited? I'm excited. Paris with you... Very exciting. I can't believe I'm actually going. Oh, you're going, all right. You're going to experience the most romantic city in the world in best possible way there is to experience it. Really? Courtesy of my 100% foolproof, Paris-is-magical itinerary. I've got every minute planned, every meal, every sip of wine. [Chuckles] Every minute, huh? Any chance of just getting lost? Lost? I would never get us lost. I got you, girl. [Chuckles] Lost. [Telephone rings] Lucas : OCME? Man : Uh, yes, we're looking for Dr. Morgan. This is the St. Timothy Medical Group. Oh, St. Timothy Medical Group. [British accent] Yes, I'm sorry. This is Dr. Morgan. I have a bit of a cold. I'm sorry to hear that. We checked all our files, and I think we've identified a former employee who fits the description you gave us. Shall I give you the information? [Normal voice] Yes. Please. Henry :  There are moments in all of our lives when we are compelled to ask ourselves, how far are we willing to go for what we want? Valerie? It's Henry. Val? ♪ Collecting names of the lovers that went wrong ♪ Incredible. ♪ The lovers that went wrong ♪ How much are we willing to risk, to sacrifice, to endure? ♪ We are the reckless, we are the wild youth ♪ 
♪ chasing visions of our futures ♪ Because it's one thing to yearn for something... ♪ One day, we'll reveal the truth ♪ But quite another to find the strength to achieve it. ♪ Before he gets there ♪ [Knock on door] ♪ And if you're in love, then you are the lucky one ♪ Hi. Shouldn't you be on a plane? ♪ 'Cause most of us are bitter over someone ♪ Um... I realized that I... I didn't want to go. What? To Paris? With Isaac. ♪ But I'm forever missing him ♪ I didn't want to go with Isaac. ♪ And you caused it ♪ Why? ♪ And you caused it ♪ I don't know. Maybe I thought that... Abe : Henry. Oh, good, you're here. Hi, Jo. Hi. Uh, I... I need to talk to you. Abraham, is everything all right? You know what? Um, this is nothing. I... I can, um... I'll see you tomorrow at the precinct. Abe. [Door opens] Abraham, tell me what's happened. I found mom. ♪ From the perfect start to the finish line ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 