Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Tehrangeles - Training Day 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Tehrangeles https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=825&t=30975 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/10/17 00:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Tehrangeles 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Training Day"...  
 Keep him talking I need you to go undercover and stop a rogue cop from becoming the next Alonzo Harris. 
 You'll be maintaining surveillance on one of the finest investigators this department has ever produced... Frank Rourke. 
 This isn't a training day. It's more of a trial by fire. 
 So that means S.I.S. is taking this one? 
 Tommy, this is Rebecca. 
 We're probably gonna kill some people today, Kyle. 
 More bad guys? That's the solution, really? 
 Yeah! 
 My dad was nothing like you. 
 What did you really know about your old man, Kyle? 
 What does it open? 
 I don't know. 
 But it cost your dad his life. 
 So, you're gonna, what, rehabilitate this guy? 
 I'm gonna train him. 
 Frank :  L.A.'s a city on the run from its own history. 
 Guy buys a $5 million mansion, first thing he does is knock it down. 
 Angelenos won't even keep the faces they were born with. 
 They swap them the way people lease cars. 
 L.A.'s like that. 
 Sometimes when the city smiles at you, you can see something much older...  [School bell rings] ... uglier lying beneath. ♪ Every minute and every hour ♪ [Whistle blows] ♪ I miss you, I miss you, I miss you ♪ Hey. What's the deal with Ms. Yager? She single or what? She doesn't wear a ring. [Indistinct conversations] [Whistle blows] [Horn honks] [Horn honking] You should just call her, Nelson. She asks about you all the time. Okay. [Whistle blows] [Horn honks] [Tires squeal] [Tires screech] Hey! What the hell's your problem?! You're gonna kill someone! [Gasps] [Screams] Stop! Nelson! Haley! Stop! [Gun cocks] Nelson! [People screaming] [Middle Eastern accent] Let's go! [Indistinct shouting] Come on! Come on! Let's go! [Tires squeal] [Engine revs] [Tires squeal] [Birds chirping] Mrs. Craig : I didn't even realize you'd kept your father's old things when I moved. [Gunshots] Did Dad keep a strongbox, a trunk, maybe a... a safe? A safe? Why would he keep a safe? [Groans] Kyle, what aren't you telling me? Remember that tree we planted when I was a kid? Of course... In the community garden. It would still be there if he were alive. Dad hid something... Underneath it. He buried a key. [Exhales sharply] What's it go to? That's what I'm trying to find out. My training officer claims that he and Dad were close. He says Dad called him the night he was killed, told him he was onto something big. Frank Rourke? What... You knew? I knew your father was scared. I just didn't know why. Then Frank's telling the truth. All those years, you knew I was riding patrol, writing a license-plate number on my wrist, looking for a getaway car that never existed! I was alone! With a little boy to think about! I had no idea who was gonna come at us. They handed me a story about a botched robbery. [Voice breaking] And I didn't question it. You should have told me. I was protecting my son. And I'd rather have you chasing some phantom license plate than following Frank Rourke down a rabbit hole. [Exhales shakily] Kyle. Please! I can't lose you, too. I'm not a little boy anymore, Mom. And I'm gonna find out what happened. I'm... I'm not swallowing any stories anymore. ♪♪ Valeria : No ransom call has been made yet? Not so far. We have officers posted at the family's home and a description out on the vehicle. You're giving this to Frank Rourke? S.I.S. works kidnappings. You know that. 10th floor thought that a daytime murder and kidnapping from a West Side high school suggested the need for Frank's special skill set. Detective Rourke. Detective Chavez. Joy. "Deputy Chief Lockhart." [Sighs] Old habits. I don't believe you've met my new trainee, Kyle Craig. Actually, we  have  met... At the Medal of Valor ceremony. You were the officer who saved that child. Pretty heroic. Shouldn't come as a surprise. He's Billy Craig's boy. I'm his son. I'm nobody's boy. Good for you, Detective. I'm assuming you've been read in? Girl was snatched from her school during morning drop-off. Kid's driver was DRT. DRT? Dead right there. Girl's parents, uh, Mr. and Mrs. Burnside. Mr. and Mrs.  Burns  are dear friends of the mayor. Well... why didn't you say so? Is my tie on straight? You know, I never could keep track of whose ass I was supposed to kiss. Hard enough remembering whose ass needs kicking, so I treat them all the same, like it says on the badge. Like  you  used to do. Take care of yourself, Detective Craig. Detective Rourke, always a pleasure. Deputy Chief, you're a joy. What the hell was that about? Believe me, you're better off not knowing. Valerie, is it? Valeria. My dad was a big fan of "Conan the Barbarian." He was also 16 at the time. "Val" works, too. Val Chavez from South Bureau. I've heard of you, too, Frank. Then you've also heard most detectives try to keep me  off  their cases. Most detectives also think personal watercraft are a good investment. You're like a summer fling... All the fun, none of the consequences. You'll do things out there I wouldn't even think of doing. Stupid things, illegal things... None of which I want to know about, by the way. You're the crown prince of collateral damage, Rourke. Godzilla's got nothing on you. And right now, we need a monster to hunt the monsters who took this girl. And if I stain the carpet, you still get your deposit back, because I'm not in your chain of command. There is that. ♪♪ [Door opens] Frank : Bel-Air... L.A.'s Green Zone. Land of coffee colonics, kombucha, and making babies with the maid. They got nannies for each kid, thing that shoots tennis balls at you. What they  don't  have is any clue what it's really like outside those walls. I think it might be the yoga. Downward dog. Spend all your time with your ass in the air, blood pools in your brain. Probably having little strokes every morning, and they don't even know it. Give me the ghetto any day of the week. [Siren chirps] [Police radio chatter] Family must be pretty connected. What gave it away? Mansion, all the cops, or the Rolls in the driveway? Chief Lockhart tells us you have experience with these types of cases. More than I like. We interviewed the family of the driver who took your daughter to school this morning. You talked to Nelson's family? Why? Somebody put a lot of planning into this. Your daughter was targeted, which means someone knew how and when she got to school every day. [Telephone ringing] We're not set up on the phone yet. Wouldn't be able to trace it even if we were. [Ringing continues] [Telephone beeps] Burns residence. Man :  Who's this? I'm a little shy. You first. Didn't think so. Let me talk to the girl's father. You talk to  me. We want money. Who doesn't? You think this is a joke? Depends. How much you want? 2 million. Dollars? This isn't a negotiation. Clearly, you haven't done this before, but  I  have, and that's exactly what this is, Aladdin. Now let me talk to Haley. No, you don't make demands.  I  do. You're starting to sound like my third wife. $2 million. You get the girl once we get the money. This isn't the movies, pal. You can't walk in a bank and pull out $2 million cash. Call back when you're ready to have a  real  conversation. [Telephone beeps] Wait! What are you doing?! They have to know we're not gonna do whatever they tell us to do. But that's exactly what we want to do... Give them whatever they ask. It's not about the money. We don't care about the money. Whatever it costs, we want Haley back. Do you understand? Chief Lockhart assured us that if anyone can save Haley, it's you. She's not right about much, but she's right about that. Only, you're gonna have to trust me. [Middle Eastern accent]W hat do you mean, he hung up? What do you mean, what do I mean?! He hung up on me! He's not supposed to do that! Tell him that! I want to know if Nelson is okay. [Sighs] Please. We have to get rid of her. I'm not leaving without the money. Please! Just tell me if he's okay. You said this would be quick, easy! And I'm going to handle it!... They're going to pay! And if they don't? What will you do then? End it. Kyle : You have no idea if they'll call back, do you? What do you want to do? Put out an Amber Alert? Look, it's like prom night. Bought the corsage, met her old man. And now you're in the backseat about to find out how the night's really gonna go. And if she's not willing to negotiate, there's not a damn thing you can do. We make this an easy score for them, we won't get her back. And if they won't negotiate, she's dead whether we agree to pay or not. [Telephone ringing] Detective. We think it's them. [Ringing continues] [Telephone beeps] You ready to stop fooling around? How much will they pay? I'm not gonna bid against myself, Ali Baba. Give me a number. $1 million. I can get you 500 grand today, cash on the barrel head. Now you're insulting me. [Scoffs] You think 500 grand's insulting? Wish I was in your line of work. I'll tell you what... Let's meet in the middle. Let's call it $750,000, everyone goes home happy. But you have to bring the girl to get the money. [Whispers] Sepulveda Dam. One hour. [Telephone beeps] We're in business. ♪ [Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" plays] ♪ [Engine revs] ♪ Finished with my woman ♪ 
♪ 'Cause she couldn't help me with my mind ♪ Kyle : It's wide-open out here. Clear lines of sight. Plenty of ways out... Too many for us to cover. Couldn't take the chance anyway, which is why we're gonna do this by the book... Money for the girl. What about the kidnappers? Somebody else's problem. All I care about is getting Haley back. You just said we're doing this by the book. Book of Frank... Chapter 1, verse 1. "Should the opportunity present itself, be prepared to shoot everybody and take the kid." Grab the cash. [Scoffs] Here we go. ♪♪ Put the bag where they can see it. [Engine shuts off] You never said anything about bringing someone with you. I know. He's my trainee. He needs constant supervision. For the record, I'm not happy about it, either. In fact, I'll throw him in for free. I need to make sure you're unarmed. Partner, too. Trainee. Did you bring the cash? Toss it over. Show me the girl first. Bring her out. [Car door opens] Kyle : Haley, you okay? Just really want to go home. I don't blame you. I've seen where you live. Money's all there. [Zipper opens] How do I know if I give you the girl, you won't follow us? This isn't Mexico City, moron. They're gonna catch up to you, but you're somebody else's problem now. My job is to get Haley home safe. Come on over here, Haley. It's okay. It's okay. We're going home. [Gunshot] [Screams] You b*st*rd! It's not us! [Gunshot] Sniper! [Gunshot] [Screams] Don't move. Haley, stay still. [Tires screech] ♪♪ [Conversing in Arabic] [Gasps] Please just let me go home! Who the hell are you? The one you should have been talking to from the beginning. Then who the hell were they? I suppose you call them venture capitalists. Not the return that they were expecting, I'm afraid. They used to work for me, but they exceeded their authority going into negotiations with you. [Speak Arabic] Hey, we had a deal! Your deal expired with  them. Now get on your knees. Get down! Kyle : [Speaks Arabic] Ah, you speak Arabic. Kyle : Well enough. You were a soldier. Marine. And you learned our language while you were over there? I wonder, how many of my people did you kill while you were learning? You shoot  him,  you better shoot  me,  too. He's my trainee. You have no idea how much paperwork's involved. ♪♪ Nice. Seems you're not a man to be trusted. Kettle, meet pot. [Chuckles] Maybe next time, we'll do a strip search. I'm game if you are. Tell Burns to consider this a down payment. And tell him if he doesn't agree to another $5 million, he'll have a far steeper price to pay. He'll understand. He's got 48 hours. [Speaks Arabic] Go! [Engine starts, tires squeal] Gal's got some snap in her garters. ♪♪ [Sirens wailing, police radio chatter] You want to tell me what happened? There was a third player we didn't count on. So now they got the girl  and  the money? You're lucky you still have your car. She got your car? Blew my tire. There's no way we could have known. Woman's a professional... Not from these parts. There was something else... The way she mentioned Burns. Like she knew him. Lockhart did tell you that Burns is connected, all the way to the 10th floor. I'm sorry... isn't this girl's life more important than the department's relationship with some rich guy? He asks a good question... Finally. Look, you guys can saddle up on your high horses and ride around for a while if you want, but all the skeletons in Burns' closet aren't gonna put more time on this clock. Let's just pray that Burns can get the money together before Maleficent makes contact, because if this breaks bad on you, you'll be lucky to find yourself back in a black-and-white in Toluca Lake, shooing tourists away from the "Brady Bunch" house. I'm not worried about my career, Detective. I'm worried about the kid. [Sighs] They gave you this case because they knew you'd do what you do... Break all the rules to get Haley back. They take you off your leash, and then they come after you for it. Hey, you're 2 for 2 today, junior. I'm gonna give you a sticker and a lollipop. Look, I told you before... What happened to your old man is the tip of a very large iceberg. Lockhart's trying to manage it, only she can't do that while I'm still around. [Elevator bell dings] Where are we going? I need a drink. We're still on duty. Who said you're invited? [Lounge music plays] Right this way. Thank you. I'll have what she's having. Vodka cranberry? Really? [Sighs] Hold the cranberry. Well, this is a nice surprise. I was beginning to forget what you actually look like in daylight. I figured I'd swing by and see how your day's going. Is that so? The last time you swung by to join me for some day drinking was when you found out Billy's kid was gonna be your new trainee. Looked like you'd seen a ghost. What's going on? Kidnapping case. The high-school girl on the news? Pretty sure her father's up to his neck in it. Brass wants me to find a workaround. Can you? Eh, he's putting the money together, but I'm starting to get the idea that this isn't just about the money. In my profession, there's nothing more frustrating than a shy client... Too embarrassed to tell you what he really wants. I always tell my girls, the key is to make him feel safe. Sounds like her father's got to level with you if he wants his daughter back, so you need to find a way to make him feel safe. Safe. Are you gonna drink it or stare at it? I just like knowing it's there. Mm. You better get back to work. We're dangerously close to having a tender moment here. [Clicks tongue] Oh. My treat. It's a write-off. [Sighs] Thanks, Hol. Frank. Just bring her home. Forget the rest. 
 
 They were speaking Arabic, but the female had a particular dialect. You're able to recognize Arabic dialects? Two deployments. Rebecca : I got a hit. The two dead guys were Iranian... Both here on expired Visas. This woman was definitely not Iranian. How do you know? Most Iranians speak Farsi. He also recognized her dialect. Oh. Real Rosetta Stone. My last deployment, there was this Libyan dude... Freedom fighter. Came to Afghanistan to kill Americans. Wanted to die a martyr. Hope you obliged him. Worse... Took him prisoner. Anyway, he sounded a lot like her. What else do you remember about her? The way she carried herself, like she had some kind of military training, and she was used to command. One of them called her "sister." You think they were sisters? More like a title. Sister... what, like a nun? Exactly... like a nun. Gaddafi had a group of bodyguards made up of females. They were called the... Amazonian Guard. Uh, I heard of them. [Keyboard clacking] They referred to themselves as sisters. They were also known as the Revolutionary Nuns. Yes. I take an interest in badass women. Another thing we have in common. [Computer beeping] These chicks were trained in small arms and martial arts. Gaddafi supposedly employed them as bodyguards because he thought an armed gunman would have difficulty shooting at women. [Grunts] Tommy : In other words, he used them as human shields. Frank : What's this? Tommy : Woman at the drop might have been a member of Gaddafi's Amazonian Guard. Libyan? What the hell would she be doing in L.A.? Give us your tired, your poor, your lethal. Rebecca : My guess is she's looking for work. Gaddafi gets executed a few years ago. Once that happened, she'd be out of a job. She's either here freelancing or she's found herself another sugar Gaddafi. If Burns  is  involved, he'd probably know. Except Frank was told not to ask. So, how soon are we asking? ♪♪ 
♪♪ Do you remember when we used to read this to her at night? She'd make us read it to her over and over. [Dialing] [Cellphone vibrating] [Vibrating stops] Haley's gonna be all right. [Voice breaking] We don't know that. I am gonna get them the money. They already have our money. I-It doesn't make any sense. [Telephone ringing] Oh, God. W-What do we do? [Ringing continues] [Telephone beeps] Hello? We need to talk. You know where. [Exhales sharply] [Grunting] Keep struggling, and your daughter dies. Where am I? What do you want? [Door opens] Who is it? Who's there? [Grunts] You want to see Haley again? Of course I do. And you're prepared to do anything to make that happen? Yes, of course. Just... please don't hurt her. You understand why she was taken? Who are you? W-What? You? You know who has her, don't you? You kidnapped me?! Actually,  she  kidnapped you. What's the matter, Bob? Don't you feel safe? This is what Haley's going through right now. Only, for her, it's real. This is insane. What's insane is you thinking your secrets are worth more than your daughter's life. Cut him loose. Her blood's on  his  hands now. [Knife clicks] Wait, wait, wait! Wait. Her name is Lina Farzan. She works for an Iranian here in L.A... an investor. Investor? [Sighs] Look, when the banks crashed, I was hemorrhaging cash. I was gonna lose everything, and that's when I was told that there was an Iranian here in L.A. who had the cash to keep me afloat. If you agreed to launder it. [Sighing] Yeah. This next project's gonna be my biggest. They wanted me to take $5 million. But I wouldn't do it this time. I wanted out. So they took your daughter to get you to reconsider. Yeah. Who's the Iranian? I don't know. Everything went through Lina. That was the deal. How did you make contact with her? I had a number. Probably a burner... Not traceable. You said you were approached about someone investing money. Yes. Approached by who? ♪♪ Sounds good, right? Councilman Patterson? That's right. Frank Rourke. Police, huh? Find it hard to believe myself sometimes. [Chuckles] Is there something I can help you with? Someone... Lina Farzan. Uh... name doesn't ring a bell. You introduced her to Robert Burns. She acted as a go-between for him and an Iranian investor. I'm sorry? Your district includes Tehrangeles... Biggest population of Iranians in the world, outside of Iran. Must be all the palm trees. Step into my office. [Door closes] Okay, folks. The "ayes" have it. And by "ayes," I mean me. We ask that you please exit in an orderly fashion. It's okay. [Door opens] [Door closes] I'm gonna make this easy for you. I have a friend in the business... Mutual friend, you might call her. Name's Holly, which means I have text messages, names, dates... Girls who'll post your junk on Instagram if I tell them to. What? You're about to do the walk of shame, Ken. Your whole life's about to go down the crapper. Please, just don't... You know, I have to say, for a man of your modest stature, the images are fairly impressive. Still, I got to think your constituents are gonna think less of you, all the same. Not to mention your wife. So, I'm gonna ask you one more time, and then I'm gonna let the Twitterverse have its way with you. Who does Lina Farzan work for? Who's the Iranian? [Scoffs] [Sighs deeply] Look... If I tell you, they will kill me. What if I promise I can keep you out of it and I can make Lina go away? How? [Ringing] Lina :  Hello? You know who this is? I see Burns gave you my number. Don't be too hard on him. Pretty clear you knew him. It doesn't matter. You won't be able to find me. I already know that. Then why did you call? You handled yourself like a professional. I admire that. I think you maybe admire more than that. I assume those guys you killed had it coming. Betrayal is in a man's nature. Burns will get your money. No one else has to get hurt. His daughter's an innocent. I know a  lot  of dead daughters who were innocent. Tomorrow at noon. I'll text you the location. [Click] ♪♪ [Scatting] If they only knew over there what they could have over here, right? All this must bring back memories. All these businesses are Persian, Frank. That's Farsi, not Arabic. "To-may-to," "to-mah-to." That woman Lina, what she said to you... Don't let her get in your head. You're beating yourself up for what happened over there. You were asked to be a lion, Kyle. Are you trying to convince  me  or  yourself? Why do you think I still wear the badge? I know some people who think you wear that badge because it's a license to steal. Of course, the few I met who still believe in you think you're out here trying to do right. But not you. I think the real reason you wear that badge is you're afraid you won't know who you were without it. [Scoffs] I mean, take it off, and... what are you? Wonder what the Wi-Fi password is in a place like this. May I help you? No. But I'm pretty sure  he  can. [Indistinct shouting] [People chanting] Mr. Javeed. You have me at a disadvantage. Police. What can I do for you? More like what  we  can do for  you. We have a friend in common. And, uh, who would that be? Robert Burns. Don't worry. We're not here to arrest you. What he means is "Not yet." We want his daughter returned. I'm quite certain I don't know what you're talking about. You know... ordinarily, I'd say it's a little late in the day for caffeine. But looks like we're in for a long, long night. [Spoon clinking] My grandfather's blend. Mmm. Old family recipe. Must have been hard to leave all that behind. "Ari," is it? How do you think we came to be having this conversation? I have no idea. Well, there's really only one way... You have a rat in your organization. Rat? Someone gave you up. You've come a long way, Ari... Escaped the Ayatollah, whatever other nutbars are running around over there, and here you are, in the land of the free. My line of work, you got to lie down with the lion as well as the lizard. I could have your ass back in Tehran in 24 hours. I hear it's changed a  lot  since you left. Now, I'm prepared to offer you something a lot more valuable than $5 million. Exactly what would that be? Your rat. Your rat for the girl. So, the question stands... Am I finishing this coffee? Or do we have a deal? ♪ He basically admitted it, and we let him walk. What did you want to do? Cuff him, read him his rights in Farsi? This wasn't a traffic stop, Frank. We can't let a kidnapper off with a warning. You want the kid back, this is what it costs. According to who? You? I saw how well your plan worked last time. You still don't get it. We're not here to make collars. We're here to bring this girl home. We were double-crossed once. It's not gonna happen twice. So either get on board or don't bother showing up tomorrow! [Gate slams] Maybe saving that girl  is  all that matters. Cops don't get to pick and choose which laws to follow. It's more complicated than that. My mother knew. Your mother knew what? That my father wasn't killed in a robbery. She knew he was involved in something, but not what, which means I can't find the truth out without Frank. So you're gonna let him chip away at everything you believe in? [Scoffs] I used to be... so sure of things. Baby, I never got to meet your dad, but there's a big part of him inside of you, which means I love you both. And if your father was the guy you said he was, he'd never want you to become something you're not. [Exhales shakily] ♪ [Engine revving] ♪ [Engine shuts off] [Car door closes] Frank : You're early. Lina : You brought the money? Where's Haley? The girl is unharmed. I need to see her. First the money. [Zipper opens] Is this supposed to be a joke? You're  the one who welshed on our deal. You know what's going to happen? I'm going to kill Haley. Then I'm going to send her parents a commemorative DVD so they can see what your arrogance cost them. [Snaps fingers] [Whimpers] You're hurting me! [Gun cocks] Stop. [Crying] Take a good look, because  you're  the one that killed her, not  me. Please! ♪ [Whimpers] [Vehicle approaches] ♪ [Engine shuts off] [Car doors close] Friend of yours? Tell your people to let her go. What are you doing here? These police officers came to see me in the café. And he's the one that said that I brought them there? I would never betray you. You know that. I am being set up. That's not how I remember it... When we spoke on the phone. You can't trust him. He didn't even bring the money. I already paid you, or didn't you tell your boss we already gave you three-quarters of $1 million? Farid and Hejar were negotiating on their own. I dealt with it. Oh, she sure did... By killing them and keeping the money for herself. You're making a mistake. You're being played a fool. Put her in the car. [Scoffs] Come over here, Haley. You okay? I'm assuming our business is concluded? For now. Only, no more kidnapping. This isn't the Middle East. ♪ Oh, Haley! [Sniffling] I don't know how to thank you. You might want to count it. Hey. Hey. You go home with your mom now. You're gonna be okay. I just need to talk to your dad for a minute. [Voice breaking] Thank you. Thank you. You tell your wife what was really behind all this? No, not yet. Well, either  you  do or  I  will. You don't understand. She'll leave me. That's the general idea. Go on. Hit the bricks. [Elevator bell dings] So, that's it? Oh, trust me. A divorce lawyer in this town will do a hell of a lot more damage to that guy than  we  ever could. ♪ Frank : Wanted my trainee to be the first to tell you the good news. Haley Burns was returned to her parents tonight. Safe and sound. A ransom exchange? $5 million. What about the perpetrators? Filed descriptions, but, if I'm being honest, in all likelihood, they're long gone by now. Anyway, if you'll excuse me... Meet you at RHD. What isn't he telling me? Nothing. You expect me to believe that Burns paid $5 million and neither one of you has any idea who or where the kidnappers are? Like Frank said, we filed... Don't play me for a fool, Kyle. I warned you about being used by him. Now, this is your last chance to tell me the truth to get yourself out in front of this. Everything happened exactly as Detective Rourke described. Except... ? Except I got the sense that Burns may have had a previous relationship with the people who took his daughter. What kind of relationship? Money laundering. I really don't have any proof, though. You were the one who told Frank not to investigate. It's a dangerous game that you're playing, Detective. Like I said, I have no proof. I just thought you should know... Ma'am. [Exhales deeply] [Police radio chatter] Thanks for meeting me, Ken. You said it was important. Lina Farzan's out of the picture, just like I promised. And thanks to you, the girl's home, safe and sound. I know you didn't ask, but I'm sure you wanted to know. Yeah, that's, um... So... that's it, then? That's what I'm telling you.I  kept your name out of it. And the, uh... texts, the girls? Everything's secure. Because of your help, you now have a friend for life. If you need anything... Anything at all... I want you to know you can call on me. I... I appreciate that, Detective. And I assume I can do the same? Pardon? If I ever need anything, I can call you. What sort of anything? I want you to look into Deputy Chief Lockhart for me. What are you talking about? City Council oversees the police department. I want you to oversee Chief Lockhart. Whatever you hear, whatever you find out, whatever dirt you can come up with, you bring it to me. This way, no one ever sees those pictures or ever finds out you gave me Javeed. [Scoffs] You blackmailing me? Technically, it's called extortion. But, uh... hell yeah. [Elevator bell dings] Where were you? Ran into a friend. What happened upstairs with Lockhart? Nothing. Everything's cool. She ask you about me? No. Not a word. So it all worked out like I said it would. I don't intend on going down with you, Frank. That's okay. I don't intend on going down with you, either. One thing I don't understand. How did you know Lina would lie to Javeed about the 750k? [Scoffs] Easy. I knew because that's exactly what  I  would have done. Good night, rookie. ♪ Someone went to a lot of trouble. The serial number  and  the manufacturer's name have both been filed down. So there's nothing you can do? Might be a way. Whoever filed it down forgot about the energy that it took to punch the numbers into the metal in the first place. You find the right lab, and you might be able to raise those numbers from the grave. [Cellphone vibrating] [Cellphone beeps] This is Frank. Lina :  I assume you know who this is. Figures you'd escape. Yeah, well... no thanks to you. Put me in a tough position.I  had to save the girl. I understand. I would have done the same if I were in your shoes. Woman after my own heart. Now, there's an idea. What? Cut your heart out. Unless you have a better suggestion. I was thinking more of a candlelight dinner. [Scoffs] You still have the $750,000, right? Should be enough for a fresh start. Mm, you and I both know fresh starts aren't in the cards for people like us. You don't run, I'll have to come find you. I was hoping. But if I were you, I wouldn't look too hard. Why's that? I used your gun. [Click] ♪ Stay tuned for scenes from our next episode. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 