Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Episode 2 - The Halcyon 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=728&t=30489 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/10/17 11:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Joe O'Hara : They called it the phoney war. 
 A war where nothing happened. 
 But now, across this green and pleasant land, young men are preparing to see just how real war can be. 
 I'd call them brave, but only time will tell how true that is. 
 What we know for sure is that the events of the past few weeks have been anything but phony. 
 Bombs over Rotterdam and the Dutch are surrendering. 
 German tanks crossing the Maginot Line into France. 
 And in old London town the tension is rising. 
 As a nation asks itself, will we be next? 
 Today, a great man is laid to rest. 
 We are lucky to have served under him. 
 Lord Hamilton. 
 All : Lord Hamilton. 
 But the world has changed, the future is uncertain. 
 And in the opinion of this humble reporter, before things get better, they're going to get a lot worse. 
 What's she doing here? 
 Miss. Lambert, wait. 
 I just came to pay my respects. 
 That would be a very bad idea, Miss. Lambert. 
 We need to discuss the future of your father's hotel. 
 It's time to make some changes. 
 ♪ These hands are moving fast ♪ 
♪ No time left to my old life ♪ 
♪ No hopes for you and me ♪ 
♪ They're long gone and left without apology ♪ 
♪ Nothing can stop these cold clock hands from turning ♪ 
♪ Praying won't stop these falling sands ♪ 
♪ Raining down ♪ 
 When can we expect to see you make your debut in the House of Lords? 
 Well there's the little matter of the war to attend to first. 
 Of course. Your father would be very proud of you. 
 You too, Toby. 
 Freddie. 
 I understand from Sir Cyril that you aren't needed at the base until next week. But you have compassionate leave. 
 I don't need any leave. 
 You have responsibilities now. 
 There are things that must be done. I'm sure Toby can deal with them. 
 You're the older brother. Unless I imagined that father left you his entire estate. 
 I never asked for it. 
 Stop it, both of you, please. 
 Freddie, I need to talk to you. 
 All I am asking for is some help. 
 And you can't even give me that. 
 I'm not doing this to upset you. 
 Everyone knew. 
 About your father and that whore. 
 I can't do all this on my own. 
 I need you, for once in your bloody life, to be a son to me. Help me. 
 Please, I need your help. 
 I'm glad you're here, there were some things I wanted to discuss with you. 
 No, this isn't a good time for that. 
 I've been instructed to tell you that we're letting you go. 
 That you can work until the end of the month and then... 
 Freddie, right now your mother is angry... 
 You have no idea. 
 But you and I both know this would be bad for the hotel. 
 She's using you. 
 So, what do you suggest I do? 
 Return to my mother, my grieving mother, and tell her that I stand with you instead? 
 Your father new stability was key. 
 I'm sorry, Mr. Garland, but I have no interest in looking over this place the way my father did. 
 There's a war coming. I have my squadron and I have my duty. 
 This, here, is not my battle. I'm sorry. 
 I'm not worried. Well, you should be. 
 She's never run a hotel. She doesn't understand how it works. 
 I just have to make her realise the value I bring. 
 You are familiar with the phrase "hell hath no fury"? 
 Afternoon, Mr. Garland, Mrs. Taylor, Mr. Feldman. 
 Afternoon, Kate. 
 I will deal with her Ladyship. 
 I would appreciate you both keeping this to yourselves, I don't want Emma to know. It's business as usual. 
 Is it true? 
 The Officer's Dance tomorrow night. 
 They say that you've got Robert Bentley compering. 
 Yes, Mrs. Hobbs, that's correct. 
 Oh, all my bloody dreams come true at once. 
 He's just an actor. Not even that handsome. 
 There you are. 
 Can I help you, sir? 
 Max Klein. From the agency. 
 Ah, yes, Klein. Kitchen porter. 
 Billy, kindly show Mr. Klein to the kitchen. 
 Yes. You can't use the front door next time, you gotta use the back. 
 Of course. 
 Is he...? He's Austrian. Kitchen. Out of the way. Won't be a problem. 
 Sonny's under the weather, which means I've got the night off and you and I are hitting the town. 
 I want to make sure Freddie is all right first. 
 I haven't managed to see him at all, it's almost like he's avoiding me. 
 It's not Freddie any more. It's Lord Hamilton. Things have changed. 
 It's just a title. 
 Do you think, if I was Lady Day, you'd see me hanging around dodgy pubs and clubs drinking until all hours? 
 Yes, probably. 
 (LAUGH) You could be my lady in waiting. 
 Freddie will see you when he wants to see you. 
 Until then, we are going to have some fun. 
 We've got cold storage there, hot plates there. 
 This is a spoon, this is a knife. 
 Thank you, Mr. Robbie. 
 Stop! 
 Say that again. 
 I said thank you, Mr. Robbie. 
 Bloody hell! 
 The agency's only gone and sent me a bloody German. 
 I think Mr. Klein is from Austria. 
 I don't care what you think. 
 Well then, I got my eye on you, Fritz. 
 Wee bit harsh, chef. 
 Oh, now the bloody Scotch is telling me what to say to the bloody Fritz. 
 And to think, chef, I was gonna invite you to the Cafe De Paris with us. But not with that attitude. 
 Everyone else is welcome to join, though! 
 (CHEERS) 
 All right, all right, back to work! 
 Chop, chop! 
 Man : Let's get the plates through. Hurry up. 
 Ma'am. I'm not sure you should be here. 
 What are you going to do, Mr. Feldman? Manhandle me? 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 Lambert. 
 You want to know that he was being honest with you? 
 That he really cared for you and that he loved you? 
 I suppose so. You silly girl. 
 Of course he was lying to you. 
 You were nothing to him but a piece of meat. 
 You want the first, certainly wouldn't have been the last. 
 Feeling better now? 
 He lied to you as well, then, didn't he? 
 Over and over... (GASPS) 
 Miss. Lambert. 
 You are not welcome here. I believe I made that clear. 
 Mr. Skinner, please escort her out the back. 
 I offered you an olive branch, Priscilla. 
 One day you will look back and you will wonder why you didn't take it. 
 I apologise for the intrusion, Lady Hamilton. 
 Look at you. Just a... walking reminder of my husband's failings. 
 I do also know how to run this hotel. 
 And how to keep it running. 
 Yes, and a madam knows how to run a brothel. 
 I'm not sure it's something to be proud of. 
 You have houses in the country. 
 Staff, costs, overheads. 
 This place is the only thing that brings you revenue. 
 Mr. Garland, are you trying to educate me? 
 I'm trying to help you. 
 If I wish, I could walk into a top job at any hotel in this city. 
 (SCOFFS) Well then... 
 I suggest you start walking. 
 (MUSIC) 
 This place is incredible. 
 (APPLAUSE) 
 Is it hot in here or is it just me? 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 Let me introduce our special guest. 
 He's an emperor of the ivories, Mr. Sonny Sullivan. 
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) 
 That little bugger. 
 He's not ill. 
 Come on, let's get a drink. 
 Good idea. I'll chuck one over him when he gets off stage. 
 (♪ MARVELLOUS PARTY ♪) 
 The English are famous for their politeness. 
 But just because you are tolerated does not mean you are liked. 
 Or even welcome. 
 I thought bartenders were meant to be impartial. 
 You may be confusing us with Switzerland. 
 Mr. O'Hara, may I talk to you? 
 Sure. 
 But, Toby, come on, call me Joe. 
 Thank you. 
 Does anybody else know? 
 What? 
 That it was me that told you about my father and Charity? 
 No, of course not. 
 Good. 
 That's it? That's what you're worried about? 
 I figured you'd at least want to tear some strips off me. 
 My father was a hypocrite. 
 Talking about patriotism and duty while still running business interests in Germany? Legality be damned! 
 Jesus, Toby! 
 You can't say those kind of things, especially not to me. 
 The last thing he ever said to me was that I was pathetic. 
 That my life was useless. 
 He never had any time for me. 
 And I don't see how his death changes anything. 
 Richard, you know how I feel about you. 
 You're gifted, qualified, a boon to any establishment. 
 But Lady Hamilton has friends. She has influence. 
 She's not afraid to use either. 
 So, what are you saying? 
 This isn't the first place you've tried, is it? 
 There won't be a job for you here. 
 Or anywhere, to be honest. 
 Look, I have done you favours in the past... 
 She's aristocracy. You're management. 
 What did you think was going to happen? 
 Whatever you did to upset her, it was a big mistake. 
 You've made yourself a very powerful enemy. 
 (♪ MARVELLOUS PARTY ♪) 
 ♪ I went to a marvellous party ♪ 
♪ With Nounou and Nada and Nell ♪ 
 Is she better than me? 
 Are you jealous? 
 What? No, I just think it's highly unprofessional of Sonny. 
 Of course. 
 You don't see me singing with any piano player who bats his eyes at me. 
 Besides, it's unfair, I always wanted to play the Cafe De Paris. 
 Definitely not jealous, then. 
 It's Freddie. 
 Let him come to you. 
 I don't want to play games. 
 You're not. 
 You haven't got time when you're dancing with Captain Cheekbones here. 
 Actually, I'm a private. 
 Shut up and take her dancing. 
 (SMASH) (DOG BARKS) 
 You call that clean?! 
 Chef! 
 I cannot work with this man in the kitchen. 
 Tell the agency to take him back. 
 On what grounds? 
 On the grounds that I will not have a German in my bloody kitchen. 
 Just as well he's from Austria. 
 Yeah, like his good friend, the Fuhrer. 
 Look at him, for all we know he's on the phone every night to Berlin. 
 He's a refugee chef, not a spy. 
 Look, I understand you want to do your bit for the war effort, chef, but, please, try not to kill any staff. 
 We are running short as it is. 
 Hey, hey, hey. You may run this hotel, but you do not run this kitchen. 
 Do you think this is the only problem I have today, chef? 
 Because it is not. Not even close. 
 So I am warning you, today is not the day to test me. 
 What are you all gawping at?! 
 Get back to work! 
 I'm not saying you can't hit chef, we've all wanted to hit chef at one point or another. 
 But we are worried about ya. 
 You've never shouted at staff like that before. 
 There's nothing for me out there. Nothing. 
 Her Ladyship blames me for her husband's indiscretions. 
 She's made sure I'm a... pariah. 
 I did try to warn ya. You've got a little nest egg, though, huh? 
 Set aside, keep you warm. 
 I'd only just managed to get out of debt. 
 Me and Jim have a little put aside. 
 Peggy, Peggy, please, don't be silly. 
 You can stay in my basement. 
 It's a bit damp, mind. 
 There might be rats down there. 
 No! 
 Maybe something bigger than a rat. 
 Anyway, point is, I'll roll up my sleeves and give it a proper clean. 
 I will find a way out of this. 
 She's doing this for sport. She's not gonna change her mind, Richard. 
 Peggy's right. You've got to think about your future. 
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) 
 Sorry, do you mind if I step in? 
 Be my guest. 
 Hello, you look nice. 
 Sonny, play a slow one. 
 Bets... 
 Just play a slow one. 
 Blue Jasmine. Blue Jasmine, ready? 
 One, two, three. 
 (MUSIC STARTS) 
 I was just having a few drinks with my squadron. 
 It's all right. 
 Well, I know, I know, I should be at home with my family but... 
 Freddie, I understand. 
 Betsy's pretty angry. 
 And you're not? 
 Well, there's no point in overreacting. 
 She thinks it's a total betrayal. Stabbed in the back. 
 It wasn't my choice. 
 I know that. 
 I was just trying to be a good son. 
 Freddie, what are you talking about? 
 I'm talking about your father. 
 Who were you talking about? 
 Sonny. 
 What do you mean by my father? 
 It's fine. It... it really doesn't matter. 
 It does. Freddie, what's going on? 
 I had to let him go, it wasn't my... 
 You fired my father? 
 Emma. Please, just... 
 Bloody hell. 
 My mother told me to. 
 Emma! 
 Don't talk to me. Listen to me. 
 How could you do that? 
 How could you do that to my family? 
 Emma, please! 
 Emma! 
 
 
 
 Robert Bentley will give a brief, rousing speech to the troops. 
 Am I supposed to know who he is? 
 He graces the silver screen. 
 Was he expensive? 
 You'd be surprised what happens when you mention patriotism. 
 How very enterprising of you. 
 And how is the job search going? 
 Very well, thank you. 
 Pleased to hear it. 
 There was one question I had. 
 Please, I'm an open book. 
 When you've punished me and when you've ruined this place, when you've done all that, do you think somehow it will alleviate this pain you feel? 
 That things will be better? 
 I don't know. 
 I suppose I'll find out. 
 When were you going to tell me? 
 Em... 
 They ask you to leave and what, you don't trust me or how I'd react? 
 I wanted to protect you. 
 Please, understand this will not affect you. 
 Of course it will affect me! This is our home. 
 I can't believe Freddie would do such a thing. 
 He's under a lot of pressure from his family. 
 I don't... I don't blame him. 
 Don't defend him. 
 Emma, you are the most important thing in the world to me. 
 And whatever happens, I'm going to make sure you're looked after. 
 How? How are you going to do that? 
 How are you even going to look after yourself? 
 Thank you for coming to meet me. 
 It's probably good for me to get out of the hotel. 
 I'm about as popular there as you are. 
 Then you will help me? 
 Not sure I follow, Miss. Lambert. 
 Lawrence lied to me, over and over. 
 And they... they think I'm a joke. 
 Some pathetic creature that can be mocked and cast aside. 
 Well... 
 I'm going to prove them wrong. 
 That's heartbreaking stuff. 
 I still don't see what it's got to do with me. 
 Have a seat and I'll tell you. 
 I have to go out for a few hours. 
 While I'm gone I'll need you to look after tonight's event. 
 Me? 
 You are more than capable. 
 Mr. Reynolds, can you spare my daughter for a while Hmm. 
 So, turns out it was a badger. 
 You ever heard one scream? It's like, "Ahhhh!" 
 Little bugger scared the bejesus out of me. 
 Still, if you need a bed. 
 I do appreciate the offer, but er... hopefully that won't be necessary. 
 What have you got up your sleeve? 
 Robbie, what happened? 
 Oh, he got locked up in the cold storage. 
 What? Who did that? Who do you think? 
 Chef can torment me all he wants. I will not quit. 
 I ran my kitchens on respect and understanding. 
 You worked as a chef before? Hotel Imperial, Vienna. 
 The Imperial? That's a five-star. 
 Who did you train under before? Tobias Wilmer. 
 Chef Wilmer. Hmm, the Royal Hotel, Salzburg. 
 Chef Muller was at the Royal. Wilmer was at the Albertina. 
 But I appreciate your attempts to trick me. 
 So, how come you ended up here? 
 The Fuhrer chose the Imperial to address the crowds at the Anschluss. 
 My family had already fled to France, but the only passage I could find was to here. 
 And because it was the only job I could get... 
 I'll have a word with chef. No, that will just make it worse. 
 Besides, I escaped Austria to run from one angry little man. 
 I will not let another drive me out. 
 Feldman : I've got a bad feeling about this. 
 It's so unfair. And he worked so hard to get out of debt. 
 You don't think you do something stupid, do you? 
 Normally, no, but under the circumstances... 
 I think I might know where he's gone. 
 (RINGING) 
 Halcyon. 
 (CHATTER AND LAUGHTER) 
 No more bets. Black 35. 
 Place your bets. 
 Please go in. Good evening, sir, good evening. 
 Welcome to the Officers Dance. 
 Last night... 
 Don't. 
 You don't owe me anything. Much less an explanation. 
 Emma, I know I've made mistakes. 
 It's just everything changed so quickly. 
 I went from being normal to having all of these responsibilities and pressures of the title forced upon me. 
 Normal is worrying about paying the bills, about scraping by to the end of the week. 
 You have no idea what normal is. 
 No, you're right. I don't. 
 I just want you to know, about your father, it's not my decision. 
 No. You don't want it to be your decision. 
 That's not the same thing. 
 Freddie! 
 Robert Bentley's agent just telephoned. 
 Finally. Where is he? The Cotswolds. 
 He's... 
 He said he was worried London would be attacked. 
 It's five minutes to show time. 
 You want me to step in? I know it's short notice. 
 That's one way of putting it, yeah. So, what's in it for me? 
 It's Friday night, Mr. O'Hara. And you're in your room alone. 
 Ever since your broadcast about the hotel, most people around here are ignoring you. 
 Whatever you say, that must sting. 
 And? 
 And you have a chance to walk out in front of a crowd of people... 
 Oh, right, yeah, I got the gist of it. That was a good speech. 
 Did you rehearse that coming up in the elevator? 
 A little. 
 So, will you help or not? 
 Are you in? 
 Place your bets! 
 Black 28. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Well, my father was a soldier. 
 First infantry. Fought at Ypres. 
 He told me that British soldiers, well, British soldiers are pretty strange. 
 (MUFFLED CHATTER) 
 He said that you guys ate the worst food he's ever tasted. 
 That you thought nothing of pausing during a firefight for a cigarette and a cup of tea. (GROANS) 
 And you'd stick a Jerry with a bayonet and apologise whilst doing it. 
 And he also told me this: That there is nobody in this world that he would rather fight alongside. 
 And do you know what? He was damn right! 
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) 
 Now, tonight is for you. So enjoy yourselves! 
 (BAND STARTS PLAYING) 
 Thank you. 
 I didn't realise your father fought in the war. 
 My father's a farmer. He's never even left Illinois. 
 Place your bets! 
 Mr. Garland, enough now! 
 I need to make sure that Emma is looked after. 
 You risk losing it all. 
 All bets are final. 
 All these soldiers, but how many will come back home in one piece? 
 Gentlemen, please. What is it they say? Eat, drink and be merry. 
 Yes, for tomorrow we die. 
 Maybe not the best quote. 
 No. 
 Talk to her, Freddie. 
 No, I've blown it. 
 Oh, apologies for the interruption, Lord Hamilton. 
 Very funny, Toby. This is my brother. 
 The younger brother. The less important one. 
 The one who can't handle his drink. 
 You know, every time Father put me down in front of everyone, Freddie here would say nothing. He was scared, see... 
 You want to be angry with someone? That man's radio broadcast practically caused our father's heart attack. 
 Oh, poor Freddie, the coward. 
 Still doing his parent's dirty work. 
 Excuse me. 
 Freddie. 
 Turn around. 
 Robbie, would you mind getting my brother a strong, black coffee, please? 
 It wasn't the American, Freddie. Haven't you grasped that? 
 He's just a voice on the radio. 
 Enough now, Toby, please! 
 It was me! 
 I told them all about Father, I told them all about his mistress and I told him all about her time in Germany. 
 Doesn't family loyalty mean anything to you?! 
 Oh, God, you even sound like him! 
 (GRUNTING AND GROANING) 
 Oh, bloody hell! 
 Hey! Hey! Come on, take it easy. 
 No wonder he left you everything. You're practically the same! 
 Don't you think I hated him as well?! 
 I never wanted this! 
 And I'm glad, I'm glad that he's gone. 
 (GUN SHOTS AND PANTING) 
 (EXHALES DEEPLY) 
 I remember what it was like to be young, to be driven by your emotions. 
 But last night, you two... disgraced the family name. 
 Brawling in front of staff, intoxicated, fighting like common children. 
 Don't smirk. 
 Don't feed the dog at the table. 
 You're supposed to be men now, please live up to your responsibilities. 
 (SNIGGERING) 
 I didn't mean to take it out on you. 
 I'm sorry, I should have stuck up for you more. All those years. 
 I've decided to apply to the War Office, to do my bit. 
 They probably won't accept me but... 
 Of course they will, Toby. They'll be lucky to have you. 
 What? 
 No, just the first time I've received a compliment from a Lord Hamilton. 
 (BOTH GIGGLE) 
 You know you don't have to be like him. 
 You can do things differently. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 I understand you stepped in for us last night, Mr. O'Hara? 
 Oh, anything for a free drink. 
 Charity Lambert, she is planning on writing her memoirs. 
 Looking for some assistance. 
 I suppose she has a right to tell her story. 
 It's not exactly Dostoevsky. 
 It's revenge on the Hamiltons, she'll say anything, write anything so long as it destroys their reputation. 
 And this place along with it. 
 I appreciate the warning, Mr. O'Hara. 
 Will you please inform Lord Hamilton I need to see him in my office at one o'clock. 
 And stress it's of the utmost importance. 
 Mr. Feldman, kindly fetch Billy, will you? 
 Civilian clothes. I'll be waiting outside for both of you. 
 Right. 
 Did Lady Hamilton send you? 
 I wished she had. May I? 
 People know what you said at the meeting last week. 
 About the Fuhrer. 
 About joining with Germany. 
 People? What people? 
 Right now, they think I'm here acting as your friend. 
 Gathering information, finding out if you are involved in something bigger. 
 I don't... I don't believe you, they could be anyone. 
 Well, just remember I tried to warn you. I did that much at least. 
 Well, what will they do with me? 
 You know they're looking to intern Mosley and many others for treason. 
 No, I can't go to jail! 
 What did you expect? You fraternised with members of the Nazi party. 
 You tried to sway your country towards joining the Third Reich. 
 If you were to disappear... (SCOFFS) for a while until this blows over, until the war ends. 
 Or until... until the Germans come. 
 Leave. 
 It's the only choice you have left. 
 (CHUCKLES) She probably took one look at your ugly mug and decided to scarper. 
 That's a bit rich coming from you. Go on, kid. I'll see you later. 
 Don't do this. 
 Lord Hamilton treated me with respect. 
 When Emma and I had nothing, he gave us a chance. 
 Sometimes all a man has is his honour. 
 I disagree. 
 No, you don't. 
 You didn't need to sort things out with Charity Lambert. 
 It wouldn't have been your problem for much longer. 
 It was still my job. 
 Your father was a complex man. 
 But he was good to me and Emma. 
 And I shall miss him. 
 Freddie... last night I removed money from the safe without authorisation. 
 I took it to a casino. 
 And did you win? 
 That's not the point. 
 Well, you either won or you lost. 
 I won. On the final spin. But as I said... 
 Well, you were concerned for your future. Emma's future. 
 I am not offering excuses. 
 And do you think by being honest you'll somehow keep your job? 
 I just want a clear conscience. 
 Good. 
 Because my mind was made up on this before I even sat down. 
 You have served this hotel and my family for nearly 10 years. 
 I see no reason to change that. 
 Freddie... 
 Freddie, your father would not have tolerated my behaviour. 
 I am not my father, Mr. Garland. 
 Now, I don't know what secrets you had on him or indeed what secrets he had on you, but rest assured my mother will do all she can to bring you down. 
 I would make sure your house is in order. Do we understand each other? 
 Yes, we do... Lord Hamilton. 
 You knew this was going to happen. 
 Honestly, I didn't. 
 You had a plan, all the pieces falling into place. 
 Believe it or not, Freddie Hamilton came through for us, Em. 
 Things will be different. 
 And as such it would be prudent to appoint an assistant manager. 
 Mr. Reynolds might be a good choice. 
 Mmm. He'd be an excellent choice. 
 Except he does tend to do things by the book, a book which I imagine is old and dusty and rather out of date. 
 How would you feel about the job? 
 I don't know what to say. 
 Say yes. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, there's one more thing I must attend to. 
 I didn't do it to stand against you. I did it for the good of the hotel. 
 Mother, please. 
 I have to go back to base, I don't want to leave things like this. 
 Mother? 
 Your Ladyship. 
 Come to gloat, have you, Mr. Garland? 
 I don't know why I'm surprised by Freddie's actions. 
 All my life I've been dictated to by men. 
 Why should my son be any different? 
 Perhaps he sees some value in me. 
 You never cared about this place before. 
 Yes, you'd like to see me sidelined. 
 Wasting away in the country. 
 Well, that's not going to happen so, please... 
 What are you waiting for? 
 For me to show you the bloody door? 
 I know what you're going through. 
 My wife passed away and I was hurt and angry and I was ashamed of how I felt. 
 But these feelings are the price we pay. 
 For loving someone. 
 For letting them hurt us. 
 And for the empty space they leave behind. 
 But this will pass. 
 You will survive, you will be stronger. 
 I give you my word. 
 I have no idea what you're talking about. 
 And I believe I told you to leave, Mr. Garland. 
 Now get out! 
 (SOBBING) 
 (WAILING) 
 Are you going? 
 Recall to base. Some evacuation plan. 
 So, all hands on deck, as it were. 
 You're working late. 
 I'm clearing out my things. 
 Emma, don't. 
 I know I've been stupid and made mistakes and I'm not asking you to forgive me, but when I think of this place it's not my family, my father... it's you. 
 And it really wouldn't be the same without you, so, please. 
 Please, just don't leave. 
 I'm clearing out my things because I've been promoted to assistant manager. 
 I'm moving into the office. 
 Oh, well done you. 
 Thank you. This place really has gone to the dogs then, hasn't it? 
 Freddie Hamilton, get out! 
 But make sure you come back. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 