Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - A Great Odyssey - Snowpiercer 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - A Great Odyssey https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=996&t=42756 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/21 13:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - A Great Odyssey 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We all know how this ends, don’t we? Everybody dies. [chuckles] That shouldn’t be a surprise. So what’s an old, white man to do with a lifetime of knowledge, doomed to erasure, except wield it like a sword? Great men say balls to death. My crew respect that. 
 [classical music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [loud dinging] 
 Good morning, dear family. Rise and shine. We are 2,468 days from departure, and three days since reconnection. For a special comrade, I have chosen Camille Saint-Saens’ “Royal March of the Lions.” We are lions, here to reclaim our Engine Eternal from a gibbering pack of hyenas. Our pride stalks, waits, each of you playing your part in a great odyssey. Some pay a higher cost than others, and none among us have paid more than Icy Bob. We should all make sacrifices like our Bob, honing our purpose to the ready. Let our Coldman unite us, the point of our spear… 
 [music swells] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 For the day we retake what’s mine. 
 [ding] 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Apocalypse isn’t so bad, really. If you can just muddle through, show a little ingenuity, people line up for tickets to the only show in town… aboard Snowpiercer. My train. All 1,034 cars long. 
 [screaming] 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [soft uneasy music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Standing fast, in the face of doubt, especially your own. It’s what a leader has to do. 
 Sure, but… it’s not what a mother should do. 
 Hey. If Mother Earth is coming back to life, then yes, it’s what a mother should do. 
 [sighs] One month. 
 About an hour left until we switch track and head west. 
 Breakfast is served. 
 It’s going to be a sh1t show getting Snowpiercer over that mountain. They smell our eggs, you know. Now they’re craving fresh food like never before. 
 Mmm. [moans] Good. Everyone needs to stay hungry. Hmm, a scar to remind you how far you’re willing to go. 
 All it does is remind me that Melanie flipped the tables on us. 
 I know! Sound science that the Earth may be warming. It’s fabulous. And she’s departing on a veritable suicide mission, leaving Mr. Layton, our fearsome revolutionary! I’m tingling. This will be far more fun than simply slitting his throat. 
 [tense music] 
 Big Alice, do you copy? This is Snowpiercer. 
 Well, it’s lovely to finally hear your voices. 
 This is the old Rocky Mountain Test Track. AKA Neckbreaker. 
 But I assure you, it’s much more dangerous than it sounds. 
 This high point here is as close as we can get to the station. 
 No, Snowpiercer is the problem. We just came over Neckbreaker. That track is sound. But because Snowpiercer has to slow for the Berthoud Curve, we won’t have enough speed to get up the mountain. 
 But once we’re through the curve, Big Alice can activate our booster, can give us just enough torque to take us over. 
 That’s correct. 
 And if it doesn’t work? 
 “If it doesn’t work?” Is that you, Mr. Layton? Whatever are you doing among the Engineers? 
 Civilian oversight, Mr. Wilford. That’s how it goes up here now. 
 What happens if it doesn’t work is this: we have to reverse out of there, go around the world, and come at it from the other direction. 
 Oh, we don’t want that. Melanie will miss her window to jump ship and die saving the world. Won’t you, Melanie? 
 Yes, we would miss this opportunity. And the truth is we don’t have the luxury of time. Okay, so that’s the plan. Let’s get to work. Ruth is sending you a list of supplies. 
 This isn’t the right stationary. 
 I would like permission to come aboard with Ben to pull equipment. 
 Nope. Not Ben. 
 Oh, really? And why not Ben? 
 Because Big Alice is a Ben-Free Zone, Ben. 
 Then Alex can help me. 
 Very well. Send me your list. I’ll meet you at the border and frisk you myself. 
 Good. Well, we have a thousand kilometers of dead straight track before the Rockies. Let’s see what two engines can do. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Vamos, vamos. [laughs] 
 We’ve left the main track. Heading for the Rockies. 
 Hey, Wilford’s gonna squeeze us for these supplies. 
 And we still need parts for Snowpiercer. 
 Yeah, I got an idea for that. 
 I’m gonna come with you up to the border. 
 I have a list of supplies to deliver. 
 Thank you, Ruth. 
 What for? 
 Helping drag us into the Rockies on a suicide mission? 
 I’ll leave that to you. 
 She doesn’t make it easy on you, does she? 
 My advice? Don’t lie to her. 
 I regret that I did, and I’ll probably never make it right, but for you, 
 she’s a rare straight arrow if you can keep her. 
 Make way, Mr. Roche. 
 And best make your way to the border. 
 Why? What’s going on? 
 Engineers and mountains, almost as big as their egos. 
 Where will we land when the snow settles? 
 Hopefully on a couchette, with my wife and a cold beer. 
 [scoffs] 
 Hey, Boss. 
 I’m not your boss anymore. 
 You sleep in here? 
 Single life, remember? 
 I broke up with my Second Class cabin. 
 You’re Train Detective. 
 Layton should be able to find you a berth, for Pete’s sake. 
 Yeah, well, I got more important issues. 
 What? That Tailie assault? 
 It ain’t good. 
 Well, there’s much ado about something at the border, so let’s go find him. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Rubber stamps. I mean, look at her. 
 How’s a Tailie supposed to move a little weed now? 
 It’ll work. 
 It might work. 
 I just want to set the hook in his people. 
 [phone rings] 
 Ladies and gentlemen, the bell of progress. 
 A hotline at the border, and communication between the engines. 
 Let’s all be on our best now. 
 [murmuring] 
 Good morning, Big Alice. 
 This is Snowpiercer’s Head of Hospitality. 
 We are clear for crossing. 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Good morning. 
 Shouldn’t Kevin be doing this? 
 I’m doing it. 
 Poor Kevin is ill. 
 Must have picked up something unsanitary over there with you, Mr. Layton. 
 Have you seen your frenemy’s shopping list? 
 Yes, sir. I have. 
 You want six redox flow batteries, Melanie? 
 That’s right. 
 Where’s Alex? 
 Oh, she’s packing your chute. 
 Are you nervous? 
 You can have four. 
 No, I need all six. 
 So I can make it through the first 24 hours and get the station powered up. 
 Well, I’m not giving you a volt sled. 
 Pretty sure you have three volt sleds. 
 Yes, I have three volt sleds, but if I give you one, 
 I’ll only have two, won’t I? 
 Actually, sir, that’s just Melanie’s list. 
 Snowpiercer is in need of parts, as I understand, particularly the, um… the… 
 Bogie motors. 
 Bogie motors. 
 Three, I’m told. 
 They’re pretty important, seeing as we’re all one train now, so I thought that maybe we could work out a trade. 
 Some fresh fruit, vegetables. 
 Bread, eggs, a jug of apple cider. 
 We will supplement your diet once a week in exchange for parts. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You seem like a capable leader. 
 Amazing what you’ve learned in such a short time. 
 I’ll consider it. 
 And I’m leaving on a volt sled in 14 hours, Joseph. 
 Permission to board. 
 Hospitality will be happy to escort, Sir. 
 Regretfully, not today, Ruth. You’ll get your turn. 
 Bring her in. 
 Adieu, Mr. Layton. 
 Pretty soon, it’s just you and him. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 27 cars of supplies, Melanie. 
 27. 
 All the bits and bobs. 
 The stuff of life. 
 Well, the chances of survival just got a lot better. 
 A warming trend. 
 Genius. 
 I was up all night mulling your hypothesis. 
 It’s plausible. The Headwoods agree. 
 Then put your mind to it ’cause if we can model it, then maybe we can build our first colony. 
 Please, I’m aboard. 
 Bravo, you filled the train with hope. 
 It’s just sad you’re gonna freeze to death for data. 
 [snorts] 
 You find that 
 tragic-comic, too, Alex? 
 No. 
 No, with six RFBs, she’ll be fine. 
 Oh, what a shame. 
 If you can make it to the station. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, that’s the, um, first hurdle. 
 You can go, Dubs. 
 I’ve got her. 
 [chuckles] 
 You’ll be in deep, drifted snow. 
 If you have to detour through any crevasses or avalanche debris, your sled could be out of fuel by the time you get to the station. 
 Well, the sled can stay dead until I have to get back to the track. 
 No, because we don’t know how degraded their solar panels are, and your data systems need a reliable power source to create a climate model. 
 I’ll get it done. 
 Pass me that volt meter. 
 I haven’t seen any other kids on Alice. 
 Well, that would be ’cause I’m the youngest crew member. 
 Do you have any friends? 
 [beeping] 
 Just what do you think is going to happen here over the next few hours? 
 As much as possible. 
 Kind of ironic, right? 
 ‘Cause we’re here packing your sh1t so that you can leave me again. 
 It’s worse than ironic. 
 It’s awful. 
 And I’m sorry. 
 You leave once, that’s a decision. 
 Then, you leave me twice, and then that becomes a choice. 
 Yes, I’m choosing to go, but only because there’s not much chance of a world for you if I don’t. 
 [somber music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay, so… 
 what do you wanna know? 
 Everything. 
 [whispers] What do you love to do? 
 Who pierced your ears? 
 Where you sleep. 
 Will you ever laugh? 
 [forced laughter] 
 [laughs] 
 Okay. 
 I’ll show you where I sleep. 
 Come on. 
 [gasps shakily] 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 She doesn’t want Miles to see her. 
 She knows everything, mi hijo. 
 I’m so sorry, Josie. 
 [scoffs] 
 For what? Falling back into Zarah? 
 [scoffs] I was dead. 
 Yeah, but you’re not dead. 
 You’re right here. 
 Look at me, Layton. 
 I don’t care who the mother of your child is. 
 You know who did this to me. 
 Melanie. 
 I had to make the alliance. It was the only way. 
 You sacrificed 35 Tailies to her plan. 
 The people that I convinced to fight. 
 I wanted to die with them. 
 And now you’ve given them nothing that we promised. 
 And your leadership is in question. 
 [clears throat] Josie, this mission… 
 It’s Melanie’s mission. 
 Yes, I believe the Engineers. 
 I believe that this is our best chance, and now it is my job to defend it from Mr. Wilford. 
 Revolutionaries make terrible politicians. 
 That’s how they see you now. 
 I am still a Tailie, Josie. 
 And you need my support, or you’ll lose them. 
 Still no marijuana, huh? 
 You sold yourself as a smuggler. 
 Well, I smuggle smugly, my friend. 
 I just came from the border, where I was privy to some high-level trade talks. 
 My advice at this time would be have another olive, be patient. 
 Not my strong suit. 
 Hmm. 
 So if you got no weed… 
 Yes? 
 I really don’t want you sitting up here. 
 No offense. 
 It just looks bad, you know, dealing with the Tail? 
 I’m sorry, Lights. You gotta show me. 
 See? What’s that look like to you? 
 You must’ve seen something. 
 They blackbagged me. It happened in seconds. 
 I saw them run away. They had masks. 
 Yeah, took the fingers with them. 
 Track talk says it was the Breachmen. 
 I’m not saying nothing. 
 They’ll just come gunning for me harder. 
 She was trying to open a repair stall in the market. 
 How free’s a Tail if everyone’s still prejudiced against us? 
 Hey, one Tail, all right? We’ll protect ourselves. 
 You all know how to protect each other and hold the line. 
 Just don’t cross it. We got this. 
 Yeah, and I got you. 
 I’m gonna find out who did this, and they’re not coming back, okay? 
 I said it before… Wilford’s already got people here. 
 Yeah, the Breachmen love Wilford and hate Tailies. 
 But that’s not proof of anything. 
 Someone’s trying to throw the fear of God into us, and they’re top of the list. 
 Roche, you wanna go with her to visit the Breachmen? 
 Not really, no. 
 Thank you. 
 Breachmen. I hate these guys. 
 Well, I used to be police, so just do what I do. 
 What’s that? 
 Think of them as firemen. 
 ♪ I’m burnin’ ♪ 
 ♪ ♪ 
 ♪ I’m burnin’ ♪ 
 You can’t just chip in here. 
 Nice to see you, too, Boki. 
 Well, I wouldn’t go that far. 
 No, but we’re paying him the courtesy of a house call. 
 So who’s been wearing masks lately? 
 Attacking Tailies up by the Tea Room? 
 Anyone? [laughter] 
 [whistles] Weights down. 
 This Guild drinks an awful lot of Wilford Kool-Aid, don’t you? 
 A lot of us are glad that he’s back. 
 Well, what do you gotta say about cutting off people’s fingers? 
 Hey, you boys can oil up and talk at the same time, right? 
 Why so tense, Detective Till? 
 Hmm? 
 I don’t know. 
 You guys seem a lot more jacked than me. 
 Yeah, we’re juicing the world’s last steroids up in here. 
 You are half-ass famous. 
 The Brakemen helped lead the revolution. 
 That’s me. Where was your Guild? 
 Right here. We were in mourning. 
 Yeah, when we found out Wilford wasn’t even in the Engine, it was… very traumatic. 
 And so we sat it out, just like we’ll be sitting out your democratic experiment. 
 We don’t need to attack nobody. 
 We’ll be right here waiting… for him. 
 [dramatic music] 
 Holy sh1t. 
 On my watch? 
 Don’t you dare tell him. 
 Hi. I’m, um, Alex’s mom. 
 Melanie. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You’re on your own, Alex. 
 [sighs] 
 Don’t worry about that. 
 Hurry up. 
 It’s a nice bunk. 
 We get to decorate them, but they’re all the same. 
 Except for Wilford’s. 
 Well, you made it nice. 
 [gasps] 
 I use this to visualize our route. 
 I, um… me too. Same trick. 
 Well, we did have the same teacher. 
 I used to draw you to picture what you looked like. 
 I pictured your face, too, all the time. 
 Wow. 
 You’re so talented. 
 Wilford says you’re the best driver he’s ever seen. 
 Hey. 
 Rocky Mountain Test Track. 
 Neckbreaker. 
 Not this time, though. 
 When Snowpiercer gets to the Berthoud Curve, Big Alice will be all the way back here. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 All her power and strength will get Snowpiercer though this crazy vertical. 
 Then, at the highest peak, you have to get out and take the sled all the way back to the station. 
 Yup, and then you guys do the most important part: lay a string of weather balloons across the Bering Sea Bridge, down into Siberia, China, up into the Himalaya. 
 Then we have to circle back to the station and pick you up in a month. 
 Yeah. 
 That is some crazy sh1t, Mom. 
 [laughs] 
 [solemn music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What are you doing? 
 Feeling the train. 
 She lets you know how she’s doing. 
 Snowpiercer’s already in the mountains up ahead. 
 You can feel that? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I think you might have a wheel out of alignment too. 
 Better check. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 We need to go. 
 Parts for food. 
 You cut that deal face-to-face with Wilford? 
 Established trade. 
 It’s not done yet, but he’ll go for it. 
 That must be what worries me. 
 He’s a jealous man. 
 You know, when he chooses you, you enter his court. 
 It’s amazing at first. He’s amazing. 
 And then the knives come out. 
 He divides people for sport. 
 Melanie and I refused to let him. 
 Is that why Big Alice is a Ben-Free Zone? 
 Probably. 
 His brand of jealousy isn’t about anything normal like love or betrayal or s*x. 
 It’s just about control. 
 We might have to find a way to use that. 
 Yeah, we might, but we still have to go halfway across the world with him, so whatever your plans are… 
 No secrets. 
 We’ll get back to Melanie together. 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 How’s my boy? [chuckles] 
 96 below. 
 54 minutes. Best he’s ever done. 
 He needs to go colder. Longer. 
 Well, we have a few more treatments. 
 Do we have the full month? 
 Count on half that. 
 [dramatic music] 
 [rumbling] 
 [ominous music] 
 [beeping] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Is she still doing that? 
 She said there’s a wheel out of alignment. 
 And? 
 Well, I asked the Drive Train guys, and she’s right. 
 Car 9, front bogie, left rear. 
 Right under the barracks, and none of us even saw it. 
 You’re not going sentimental on me, are you? 
 No. 
 We want her off this train. 
 Look at me. 
 I want to hear you say it. 
 We want her off this train. 
 Alice, we are on descent. 
 Hello, Melanie. 
 Have you got your woolies on for your grand exit? 
 No, not yet, but you’re nearly rid of me, Joseph. 
 Oh, well, in that spirit of cooperation, Alex will be in the driver’s seat. 
 I think it’s only fitting she drive her mother into the great beyond, don’t the rest of you? 
 Roger that. 
 Glad to have you, Engineer. 
 Roger, Snowpiercer. 
 We see that you’re approaching the curve. 
 Less than a minute away. 
 But we have hit our first little speed bump. 
 Oh, let me guess. 
 
 
 
 Snowpiercer doesn’t quite have the reserves you anticipated. 
 We have a solution. 
 All right, listen up. 
 To make over the top, we’re gonna need to pull power from First and Second Class. 
 The only life support will be in the clinic cars and muster stations. 
 And we’re gonna need the extra juice in… 25 minutes. 
 25 minutes? 
 To get everyone to muster? 
 You can do this, Ruth. 
 I know you can. 
 Everyone, hold on. 
 We’re coming in hot. 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Everyone okay? 
 [panting] 
 [chuckles] 
 All right, then, Mr. Layton. You’re with me. 
 If Melanie doesn’t derail us. 
 [voice cracks] Emergency, emergency. 
 First and Second Class to the Nightcar. 
 Third to the Ag-Sec or Mess Hall. 
 Emergency, muster stations… 
 Keep moving. 
 Please… 
 All the way to the end. 
 [overlapping chatter] Andre, where are you going? 
 We’re mustering in the Nightcar. 
 Yeah, they’re not moving the patients from the clinic. 
 You’re gonna see Josie? 
 She’s there all alone. 
 Yeah, go be with her. Right this way, guys. 
 Come on. All the way to the end. 
 The Second Class is entering the curve. 
 That is to say, prepare to brace. 
 [people screaming] Thank you. 
 Oh, God. For pity’s sake, Tristan. 
 All right, all right, nice and calm now, everyone. 
 Muster stations, please. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I need to see. 
 Nice and calm. Move. 
 [overlapping chatter] 
 This way. 
 All right, car clear. Sealing up. 
 [wincing] 
 [sniffs] 
 Alice, we’re on ascent. 
 Is the weather any better up top, Javi? 
 I’m afraid not. 
 We gotta get up there first. 
 Our speed is dropping too fast. 
 How much longer until we can draw that extra power? 
 A few more minutes. 
 We’re still getting everyone to muster stations. 
 Could be a few minutes too late. 
 I just don’t see how we’re gonna make it, Melanie. 
 The solution is simple: the very moment we hit the booster will have to be much earlier, won’t it? 
 Hit the boosters before the curve? 
 That’s too much speed. We’ll derail. 
 I believe we’ve found a teaching moment for Alex. 
 She’ll have to keep up speed, but not so fast that she derails us and we all die. 
 She can do it. She can handle it. 
 Snowpiercer? 
 Come in, Snowpiercer. 
 Copy, Big Alice. 
 You got this, Allie. 
 Just lay off your brakes and keep your nerve. 
 Isn’t it nice to work as a team again, Melanie? 
 Muster stations. Come in, come in. 
 A brand new show is about to begin. 
 Melanie is on a mission, and Mr. Wilford is… 
 The hell is going on with her? 
 She’s cracking, Roche. 
 We all are, if you haven’t noticed. 
 All clear. Sealed and ready. 
 Ruth. 
 [phone rings] 
 Engine, how are we doing? 
 All passengers are at muster. 
 Ready for shutdown. And hail bloody Mary. 
 We’ll take it, Ruth. Amen. 
 Power down the cars now! 
 Copy! 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Powered down. 
 [sighs] 
 Speed’s still falling. 
 More speed. Take it from storage. 
 I already have. We have to hit the booster. 
 We’re almost to the curve. 
 We’re armed! 
 I’m proud you’re here, Alex. 
 [quietly] Copy. 
 She copies, if you didn’t hear that. 
 [music swells] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Push her over the hill. 
 She’ll be gone again. 
 You want this climb to fall short. 
 If you want to spend more time with Mummy, 
 just don’t hit the booster. 
 She’s got it. 
 Speed’s climbing, Allie. 
 Hold onto it! 
 [grunts] 
 If we accelerate any more, we’ll run ourselves right over the bank. 
 Or just tap the brakes. It’s up to you. 
 You got this, Alex. 
 Just feel the train. 
 I’ll get you there, Melanie. 
 And it’s farewell to Mother! 
 Such drama! Bravo! 
 You did it. 
 [chuckles] 
 You did it, Allie. 
 [sighs] 
 I’ll see you at the cold lock. 
 Time to go, Melanie. [chuckles] 
 Look at me again. 
 That’s the last tear I’ll allow. 
 It’s the last one you’ll get. 
 [upbeat music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Oh, come on, Alex! Cut the umbilical. 
 We’re at the beginning of a great adventure. 
 [sighs] 
 Where are you going? 
 Suit check and gear lock. 
 Gotta keep it nice and slow for her drop. 
 Jupiter. [dog barks, growls] 
 Down, Jupiter! [dog whines] 
 I let you spoil her. 
 The dog too. [chuckles] 
 Go on, then. Say your last goodbyes. 
 How are you doing, huh? 
 [overlapping chatter] Everybody, drink. 
 Here, I’ll take that. 
 I know Wilford’s back, but you need to get it together. 
 [lively music] 
 We’re not ready for any of this. 
 Yeah. 
 Hello again, Detective Till. 
 Pastor Logan. You know each other? 
 Lead Brakeman Roche. Of course I do. 
 And what is it you’re worried we’re not ready for? 
 We just never got our feet set. 
 Never showed these people they could trust a new system, and now Wilford’s back in their heads. 
 Do you see what’s changed in you? 
 Through all this turmoil, you’re concerned about their souls now. 
 Yeah. 
 [chuckles] 
 And I’ll admit, I’ve got a stash of them. 
 Yeah, I don’t think St. Christopher’s gonna do it. 
 Well, it bears repeating… 
 The journey never ends. 
 The hope is real, Josie. 
 Melanie’s getting off the train to prove it. 
 Melanie. 
 While my skin was freezing over, 
 I curled up and protected this hand. 
 ‘Cause one fist is all I need. 
 [solemn music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You’re going to be a father. 
 Your child. 
 That’s a guiding light for all of us. 
 And if Melanie’s mission is our only hope to ever get off this train, then our people have a new cause now. 
 [poignant music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [overlapping chatter] 
 Ruth. 
 I’ll go and prepare the crossing. 
 Thank you. 
 Look, I… I think you know what your priorities are. 
 Yeah, you want me to run it by you to see if I got it? 
 Protect the science. 
 Number one. 
 Yeah, to do that, I’ll have to hold off the megalomaniac who created this world and wants to get power back again. 
 And he’s already got some supporters on his side. 
 Yeah, that’s about the size of it. 
 Which leads me to believe that maybe he didn’t want anybody to get off this train and recolonize the Earth in the first place. 
 Just so we’re clear, the success of this mission will be measured in data, not my survival. 
 Good luck, Andre. 
 Good luck, Melanie. 
 [somber music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Pike, you can come on out. I see you. 
 [groans] 
 Aw, you caught me on the shitter, brother. 
 Listen, I want you to link back up with your connect in the other train. 
 I’m giving you a pipeline. 
 You’re serious? 
 But only weed. 
 And I get to tell you what goes the other way. 
 I won’t let you down, man. 
 [sighs] 
 You can trust Layton. 
 He’s a good man. 
 He’s just, and so are you. 
 Well, good men and women don’t seem to say good long doing this, do they? 
 Please promise me you’ll look after Alex. 
 [sighs shakily] 
 I just… I wanna know someone’s… there for her. 
 It would mean a lot to me if it was you. 
 Of course I will. 
 [cries] 
 You have my word. 
 [whispers] Thank you. 
 [phone rings] 
 This is Snowpiercer. 
 We are ready to cross. 
 I’m glad you could make it. 
 Engineer. 
 We’ll all be waiting for you right here when you get back. 
 [solemn music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [buzzing] 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 So you’ll recharge the suit immediately upon arrival. 
 Assess the damage. Prime the shelter. 
 Well, the damage is what I’m worried about. 
 I’ll find things to improvise with there. 
 Don’t worry. 
 You know he put that pressure on you on purpose. 
 When he made you drive the train. 
 And when he ordered you to disconnect Snowpiercer just ’cause he wanted all that death on your conscience. 
 I just want you to know, that’s his cruelty. 
 It is not yours. 
 Never forget that. 
 It’s not your fault. 
 Oh! 
 [sighs] 
 I wanted to keep you here longer. 
 I wanted to hit the brakes so bad. 
 But we did what we have to do. 
 [solemn music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey, we’re not who you think over there, so if you ever need anything, there are people you can trust. 
 Thank you. 
 I love you, Allie. 
 I’ll see you in a month, Mom. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [tense music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Flare marks the drop point. 
 All right, guys. Here we go. 
 Fire in three, two, one. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [music swells] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [grunts, screams] 
 [panting] 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 