Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - What's Your Number? - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - What's Your Number? https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=31178 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/22/17 07:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - What's Your Number? 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (seagulls calling) 
 Woman :  I hope you're all enjoying the view here at Withrow Midtown. 
 Andrew Withrow, my big boss, has built over 30 buildings, all cutting edge design. 
 But he also loves the history of our city, and tries to incorporate elements from that as well as his own humble beginnings. 
 Like these skybridges, which have been around since the 19th century. 
 Andrew Withrow actually put a skybridge in the sky, 59 stories up. 
 You'll notice that the skybridge is being suspended by... 
 (indistinct shouting) 
 (metal snapping, rumbling) 
 (all screaming) 
 (screaming and crying) 
 Billionaire developer Andrew Withrow formally charged 15 counts of manslaughter. 
 The structure collapse last October... 
 Eight seconds on the clock, fourth down and it's all tied up. 
 It call comes down to this. 
 Just flick it already. 
 (grunts) 
 (laughs) 
 And he scores. 
 With authority. 
 This game is an insult to football. 
 Maybe the way you play it. 
 Marissa : An assistant U.S. attorney wants to talk with us. 
 Says he's in danger of losing a case. 
 Thank God. 
 Careful, he's bored. 
 You know that was fun. 
 What if I said that you could help put the most powerful New York real estate developer in jail? 
 Andrew Withrow. 
 Andrew Withrow owns this building. 
 Is that how you know him? 
 Never met him. 
 But... 
 We were at a charity auction a few years ago both bidding on the same item, the flight log from Charles Lindbergh's first trans-Atlantic crossing. 
 Withrow outbid you. 
 Seven times. 
 At a certain point I just wanted to see how high he'd go. 
 And he won. 
 But the next day, he sent me the flight log with a very nice handwritten note saying he didn't want it after all. 
 And that's bad. 
 It's just telling. 
 Needing to beat someone that much. 
 Wanting to wield power over someone. 
 Withrow :  People call it micro-managing. 
 I call it managing. 
 I mean, if-if I'm gonna put my name on it, I need to know it was done right. 
 I'm a builder and the brick stops here. 
 And I came up with the bad pun myself. 
 He's charming. 
 Very. 
 I know. 
 Is that why you think you're in danger of losing your case against him? 
 My boss thinks that. 
 Withrow has billions, and he's gonna spend every last dollar to make sure that he beats a manslaughter conviction. 
 Marissa : Manslaughter, so you'll need to prove Withrow was criminally negligent in building that skybridge. 
 I've got it. 
 I have design documents. 
 There was an engineering flaw and he signed off on it. 
 The billionaire scrimped on his flagship building to save a few bucks? 
 It wasn't just money. 
 It was time. 
 A tenant who leased 19 floors threatened to walk. 
 To delay would have cost tens of millions, and the magnesium composite wasn't ready in time. 
 15 people died because he was in a hurry. 
 I'm going to nail him with his own signature. 
 Bull : Maybe, with the right jury. 
 Let's talk through your voir dire process. 
 Voir dire? That was yesterday. 
 What? 
 It's okay. 
 We already empaneled a jury. 
 Oh. 
 Well, let's talk about your suit. 
 Chunk. 
 The jury selection is 90% of the ballgame. 
 Deselection, actually. 
 Technically you can't select a juror, only deselect the ones you don't like. 
 Hey. Benny Colón. In-house counsel. 
 Benny Colón, sure. 
 Have we met? 
 No. 
 No, not in person. 
 Assistant U.S. Attorney Olsen. 
 Bull : All right. 
 Let's look at the bad news, shall we? 
 Seven jurors are firmly against us. 
 Seven. 
 Well, they haven't heard my opening argument. 
 That's why jury selection is so important. 
 Our jurors have a lot different perspectives on this case. 
 Take Jeremy, he has severe dyslexia. 
 Avoids reading whenever he can, which means that he won't assume that just because Withrow signed a document, he'd actually read it. 
 And this is Bryan. 
 He is so pro-Withrow that Withrow could drown a litter of puppies and he would still find reasonable doubt. 
 I picked him because he supported Occupy Wall Street. 
 He hates suits. 
 Mid-level managers, bureaucrats like... 
 You. 
 But he admires billionaires. 
 We have to find a narrative that appeals to both Jeremy and Bryan. 
 They both like that Withrow is a self-made man. 
 When he came to New York he had nothing. 
 They see his humble roots as evidence of hard work and authenticity. 
 Bull : The accent gives him credibility and about 20% more charm. 
 Another things they like about him, ironically, he is seen as someone who takes responsibility. 
 Wait a second. 
 That interview. 
 The brick stops here. 
 That's our narrative, taking responsibility. 
 Because Withrow's brand is being involved at every step, so we argue he must have read the design documents. 
 Okay, Marissa, keep digging. 
 Let's exhume every one of those jurors. 
 Time to meet the man of the hour. 
 Judge Levy : You're testing the bounds of my five minute rule, counsel. 
 Where's your client? 
 Her heart? 
 Call me when you hear. 
 Uh... 
 Judge Levy, I'm sorry. 
 My mother was just taken to Sacred Heart Hospital. 
 Uh, Your Honor, we respectfully ask to deal opening statements. 
 Just a day or so. 
 She's 82, Your Honor. 
 We're adjourned for 48 hours. 
 Thank you. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 (indistinct conversation) 
 Hmm. 
 Mr. Withrow. 
 I have to tell you I'm working with the U.S. Attorney's office on this case. 
 Nice to meet you, Mr... 
 Dr. Jason Bull. 
 How's your mother? 
 I hope she's all right. 
 It's hard. 
 Especially after this whole tragedy with the skybridge. 
 Thank you. 
 What was that? 
 Andrew Withrow's sorrow about the skybridge deaths was a fraction slow. 
 The emotion showed on his face a second late. 
 So? 
 Explains a lot. 
 Have Danny look into Sacred Heart. 
 That's where Withrow's mother is. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay, yeah. 
 Thanks, Danny. 
 So two days ago Withrow's mother was admitted to Sacred Heart Hospital in the morning, and released two hours later. 
 Hmm. 
 He stalled because the U.S. Attorney's office brought me in, but what's his move? 
 Hey, there, Dr. Bull. 
 You miss me? 
 (laughs) 
 Why, Diana Lindsay. 
 What happened to your lovely Southern accent? 
 Left it in Texas. 
 I didn't know you did criminal law. 
 Oh, come on, Jason. You should know by now, I am full of surprises. 
 I hate surprises. 
 Bailiff : All rise. 
 Good morning, Your Honor. 
 I'm pleased to introduce my excellent new representation, the woman who will prove my innocence, Diana Lindsay, Esquire. 
 Levy : No need for the formal presentation, Mr. Withrow. 
 This isn't a beauty pageant. 
 I assure you, Judge Levy, I have never been in a beauty pageant, and a courtroom is no place for pageantry. 
 Levy : Good to hear. 
 Now let's get to work. 
 Opening statements, Mr. Olsen. 
 (clears throat) 
 Olsen : Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I'm Assistant U.S. Attorney Dennis Olsen. 
 I'm here to talk about the tragic deaths... 
 (whispering): I like your shoes. 
 Diana : That's a tough jury in there. 
 Good opening statement. 
 Thank you. 
 And your guy, Olsen, he's a bit stiff. 
 It was smart of the U.S. Attorney to bring you on. 
 Almost as smart as Withrow bringing you on. 
 He did his homework on you. 
 You, too. 
 Don't flatter yourself. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 You're right. 
 You don't like me at all. 
 Well, I'm still gonna have to beat you... again. 
 Okay. 
 New York City isn't Callisto, Texas. 
 You're on my turf this time. 
 Funny. I thought it was Withrow's turf. 
 He owns your building, too, I understand. 
 I do love your overconfidence. 
 Mmm. 
 You know you're representing a sociopath? 
 Hey, how's your mother? 
 Uh, Dr. Bull, right? 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, she's much better, thanks. 
 I'm glad to hear that. 
 Diana. 
 It's always a pleasure. 
 Oh, you two know each other. 
 (phone buzzes) 
 I'll let you take that. 
 Yeah. 
 Bull, we were in the middle of uploading the data of our mirror jury, when the power went out. 
 We are stone cold dark here. 
 Bull : First day of trial. 
 What a coincidence. 
 And Withrow owns our building. 
 Come on, let's go. 
 Bull :  So, the first move goes to Withrow. 
 Now it's my turn. 
 Still no luck getting the power on. 
 You really think Andrew Withrow, the richest developer in this city is a sociopath? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Most people think of heartless killers when they hear the term, but 95% of sociopaths are highly successful in all kinds of careers. 
 Lack of empathy allows them to excel. 
 But he seemed affected when he was talking about the building collapse. 
 Withrow learned to mimic emotion. 
 When I asked him about the deaths in his building, his micro expressions... the slight wincing of his eye muscles, the convex furrow of his left brow, and the f-f-forced micro stutter, they all came a hair late, and not in perfect unison. 
 It was mimicry, not sympathy. 
 It was a good tactic, bringing in Diana. 
 (chuckling) 
 What? 
 Nobody said anything about Diana's bewitching effect on you. 
 I certainly didn't. 
 (laughing) 
 Cable, what's going on with my generator? 
 Hey, we're working on it. Foley? 
 I pulled a favor, because people like me, and a backup generator will be here tomorrow afternoon-ish. 
 We need the power on today, Foley. 
 And I need to lose ten pounds, Dr. Bull, but not today. 
 It's a good thing people like you. 
 All right, we'll work at my place. 
 Your apartment? 
 Yes. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Pretty sparsely furnished. 
 What's below minimalist? 
 Bull : Anyone want bagels? 
 You can set up in the living room. 
 Withrow can't stop TAC. 
 Chunk, check it out. 
 I got a new plant. 
 Behind you. 
 Yeah, really ties the place together. 
 Thanks, man. 
 How are you gonna deal with Withrow? 
 Diana's never gonna put him on the stand. 
 That would be a bad move. 
 What even is her strategy? 
 Find a large bus, throw a Withrow employee underneath it, and then your problem is solved. 
 Blame an underling. Got it. 
 Um, the project manager is the most likely road kill. 
 Sean Laheri. 
 Bull : All right. Let's see if someone with a personality can get through to him. 
 I'm texting Danny now. 
 And, Chunk, our attorney, Olsen, reads pretty bland. 
 See if you can sharpen him up. 
 I'll put the sexy in skybridge. 
 And where are you going? 
 Turn the power back on. 
 So where does that leave us? 
 How long till we've got to get back in there? 
 Hmm. Five, ten minutes? 
 Bull : Andrew, you know, it's the oddest thing. 
 I am a tenant in one of your buildings. 
 Really? I hope you're enjoying it. 
 Well, I was, until the power went out, and that was strange. 
 You haven't heard anything about it, have you? 
 Sorry. I own over 60 buildings in New York. 
 My people don't always share the details. 
 Hmm, I thought you were more of a hands-on guy. 
 Must be a common misperception. 
 No, no, I'll get to the bottom of this. 
 Thank you for bringing it to my attention. 
 Sure. 
 Yeah. 
 So, what's his tell? Well, you got him to lie to you so you could read his tell. 
 I just want my power back on. 
 Withrow doesn't have a tell, does he? 
 What do you think that means? 
 He's telling the truth? 
 Or he's a sociopath. 
 (laughs) 
 You would say or do anything to win this trial. 
 So would you. 
 Uh. 
 Let the games begin. 
 Is it me, or does the gallery look a little empty? 
 Hmm. Almost as if it's missing... the 12 mirror jurors. 
 How much did it cost to buy them off? 
 Well, I wouldn't know. 
 Oh, but the price of 12-person luxury bus to Atlantic City... now that I might know. 
 Olsen :  As a civil engineer with 20 plus  years of experience, can you please explain to the court what went wrong with the skybridge at Withrow Midtown? 
 When this first support failed, the load that it was bearing was passed on to the neighboring supports, and it's called the "Zipper Effect." 
 And like a zipper unzipping, as each one overloaded, it cascaded down. 
 Olsen : And why did that first support fail? 
 Vinson : Cheaper construction materials allowed the support to wear away with time. 
 Who authorized the use of cheaper materials? 
 Mr. Withrow. 
 He personally signed off on all designs and materials. 
 Olsen : Nothing further. 
 (gallery murmuring) 
 You don't get to be as powerful as Withrow without breaking the rules. 
 Diana : Prosecution says that Mr. Withrow knowingly and willfully allowed a design flaw just because his signature was on a document. 
 Your Honor, I would like to submit into evidence one month of signatures in Andrew Withrow's world. 
 Diana : Is it possible that the size of Mr. Withrow's company would create the need for him to rely on his employees? 
 He couldn't possibly keep track of all of these documents himself, so, he delegated. 
 Perhaps to his project manager, Sean Laheri. 
 I really don't know... 
 That's outside the scope of my expertise. 
 I see why Withrow brought the defense attorney in. 
 She's hot. 
 Olsen : We move to strike Juror Number Seven. 
 We found a Reddit thread where he bragged about smoking marijuana every day before court. 
 Diana : Your Honor, this is clearly a move by their jury consultant to change the jury. 
 Let's hear from Juror Number Seven. 
 Bryan? 
 Smoking? Me? 
 Here? 
 Reddit. That's, um... 
 That's the, uh... 
 Uh, what was the question? 
 (sighs) Motion to strike granted. 
 (whispering): It's time we got it back on. 
 The power in TAC. 
 Beg your pardon, Your Honor, but before we continue, we must move to strike Juror Number Three. 
 She was overheard calling Mr. Withrow names. 
 Marissa? 
 Indra Pratt, 22, elementary school teacher. 
 She's one of ours, Bull. 
 But her replacement would be Keith Forrester, 42, plumber, grew up in Ridgewood. 
 Withrow recently built a youth center there to, quote, "Keep kids on the right path." 
 Boy, Keith loves Withrow. 
 Back to chambers. 
 Did I say Andrew Withrow was heartless? 
 No. I said that he had a heart of gold. 
 18 karat gold that he skimmed from one of his buildings. 
 Motion to strike granted. 
 Your Honor, we've found that Juror Number Six has been leaking information to the press. 
 Oh, come on. 
 Bull : Oh, my. Is that Juror Number Six talking to Misty Marx from the  Ledger? 
 Motion granted. 
 Now if that's all... and it better be... we can resume the trial? 
 Thank you, Your Honor. 
 I'll get Withrow to restore your power. 
 Can he do it personally? 
 I know how he loves to be hands-on. 
 (scoffs) 
 You know, the second alternate, Keith Forrester... he's going to win this trial for me. 
 And you thinking that is gonna win the trial for me. 
 So where is this going? 
 The trial? 
 Us. 
 How about dinner? 
 (whispers): Drinks at your place. 
 Better. 
 Sean? Sean, hi. I'm Danny. 
 I'm investigating the skybridge collapse at Withrow Midtown. 
 I already told the U.S. Attorney everything I know. 
 Well, there's something you should know. 
 Withrow is planning on bringing this whole thing down on you in court. Hey. 
 Sean, that's 15 counts of manslaughter. 
 You knew about the design flaw, didn't you? 
 You're too good at your job. You had to know. 
 If I testify, it's suicide for my career. 
 Yeah, but if you don't, you could end up in jail. 
 He protects his people. 
 Yeah? Like he protected those people on the bridge? 
 You can make this right. 
 Bull : If that building were invisible, you'd be able to see the Empire State Building. 
 Hmm. 
 And it's pronounced  "House-ton"  Street, not "Houston." 
 You can tell that to Sam Houston. 
 You know, there's nothing like a view to give you some perspective. 
 Hmm. 
 I like my small town, but... this has its charms. 
 Well, you're a long way from home, Dorothy. 
 Hmm. Bless your heart. 
 By, uh... by the decorating you've done, I'd say that you are, too. 
 Well, we both... live in our work, don't we? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well, Withrow seems to think that, uh, I should be working here. 
 Smart man. 
 You admire him. 
 Well, I suppose he is brilliant, charming and powerful. 
 What's not to admire? 
 I'm old-fashioned. 
 I'm drawn to ambitious and talented men. 
 Not all talented and ambitious men are built the same. 
 (phone chimes) 
 (sighs) 
 I have to go. 
 No. 
 Stay. 
 It's tempting. 
 But it's work. 
 (sighs) 
 Bye, Jason. 
 Now you've gone too far. 
 
 
 
 Chunk : Power's on. But my key card wouldn't work in the elevator. 
 22 flights of stairs. 
 Gets the blood flowing. 
 TAC is back. 
 Well, aren't you the undaunted one today. 
 Good morning. 
 Um, did you sleep here last night? 
 There's lots to do if we're gonna bring down Withrow. 
 Well, we lost two jurors to Diana's gag with the boxes, but gained one back when we went to the alternate. 
 Still, we are in trouble, Bull. 
 Nine want to acquit Withrow. 
 We have to adjust our narrative. 
 Withrow : As a kid, I-I always dreamed of moving to New York, home of the greatest skyline in the world. 
 And, uh, I remember thinking, one day... 
 All right. 
 See how his eyes don't move when he smiles? 
 His actions are completely disassociated from his emotions. 
 It's not that Withrow's responsible for a mistake. 
 Withrow made a cold, calculated decision. 
 So if your assessment is that Withrow is a sociopath, he doesn't have the capacity to feel for the victims. 
 The only risk he considered was liability. 
 We can use that. 
 Marissa : He won't take the stand. 
 (chuckles) 
 We'll see. 
 (panting) 
 Easy. 
 Yeah? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Ah. 
 Whew! Whew! 
 We're not getting any younger, huh? 
 (laughs) Heck, no. 
 I've been meaning to ask you something. 
 As long as it doesn't start with "I left the file in my car." 
 No. 
 Go ahead. 
 Got a letter a few weeks ago from the U.S. Attorney's Office. 
 They, uh... they're opening up an investigation on me. 
 Benny, this is not a conversation we can have. 
 Even if I knew any details, I can't disclose. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 You understand? 
 It's nothing personal. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. (exhales) 
 Three more flights to go. 
 (phone buzzes) 
 Hello? 
 Sean : Ms. James? 
 Hi. 
 Mr. Laheri? 
 So, let's talk. 
 This past year, my wife and I separated. 
 I've lost friends. 
 With what I saw, I feel like a different person. 
 You saw the collapse? 
 Right after. 
 Their bodies being taken away. 
 I need... pills just to get to sleep, you know? 
 Because you know something about why it happened? 
 I inspected the bridge a month before we opened. 
 I knew there was a problem. 
 I went to his office and told him. 
 He promised me he would fix it. 
 But he didn't. 
 The day after he was indicted, I... 
 I had five lawyers in my office. 
 They gave me a $200,000 bonus to shut up. 
 And I did. 
 You have to testify. 
 I don't want to relive it. 
 But, Sean, you already are. 
 Every day. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 I see you got yourself a new mirror jury. 
 How can you tell? 
 The watches kind of gave it away. 
 Really? 
 Maybe there was a sale. 
 Would you like one? We've got a million of 'em. 
 Not really my style. 
 Jason. 
 Andrew. 
 What a great day for a conviction. 
 Well, you'll need more than fancy screens and algorithms to beat us. 
 (chuckles): Oh, I know. 
 Bailiff : All rise. 
 Your Honor, the prosecution would like to call Sean Laheri to the stand. 
 Olsen :  Mr. Laheri,  as project manager at Withrow Midtown, did you notice any mistakes with the construction of the skybridge? 
 I did. I walked through the designs a few weeks before we were slated to open and noticed a flaw in the supports. 
 And did you make Mr. Withrow aware of this? 
 Yes. 
 On two separate occasions. 
 Olsen : I'm sorry, would you mind repeating that? 
 Yes. 
 I talked to Mr. Withrow on two separate occasions about the risk of changing materials to make our deadline. 
 Olsen : Thank you, Mr. Laheri. 
 He was paid off for this. 
 I-I know this takes a lot of courage. 
 Now, can you tell us... 
 Your Honor, may I approach? 
 Withrow's looking for a plea. 
 Your Honor, we'd like to request a continuance. 
 (grunts) 
 150 months. 
 Parole after 84. 
 Be reasonable. 
 My client is a developer, not a hit man. 
 Olsen : Minimum security. 
 And if you don't like this offer, we can go back to court, let the jury decide what the sentence is for 15 deaths. 
 (sighs): Okay, minimum security. 60 months. 
 Parole after 36. 
 I will draw up the waiver of rights. 
 We'll present it to Judge Levy tomorrow. 
 This isn't over. 
 Not for at least another five years. 
 Diana : What's wrong? 
 You won. 
 Diana. 
 (phone buzzing) 
 Um, I have to take this. 
 Work. 
 I get it. 
 Yes, Danny? 
 I'm at Sean Laheri's, Bull. 
 I need you over here. 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 How we doing? 
 Danny : Just left him 30 minutes ago. 
 Not good. 
 So, big surprise. 
 Withrow pulled his plea deal. 
 We're going back to court. 
 Sean left a suicide note. 
 He said he couldn't live with himself. 
 The 15 lives. 
 I thought he was testifying to alleviate his guilt. 
 I should have seen this coming. 
 Was it his gun? 
 Danny : Yes. 
 What are you implying? 
 I don't know, I just should've known what Withrow was capable of. 
 You think Withrow had him killed? 
 (sighs) It seems a little too convenient, doesn't it? 
 ESU hasn't found any evidence of forced entry, foul play, witnesses, sounds of struggle. 
 The evidence is Sean. 
 Testifying was the hardest thing he's ever done. 
 It was a source of pride, not shame. 
 He didn't kill himself. 
 Levy : As the defense wasn't able to cross Mr. Laheri, you're to disregard his testimony. 
 Your Honor, I beg you to reconsider. 
 We all heard what Mr. Laheri said. 
 Now he's dead. 
 That's prejudicial and irrelevant. 
 There is absolutely no correlation between the two of them. 
 No correlation between Sean's death and Withrow, Really? 
 Dr. Bull? 
 He committed suicide, Your Honor. 
 Who knows why? 
 I think the defendant knows why. Right, Withrow? 
 Dr. Bull, one more word from you, and you'll spend the night in jail. 
 My apologies, sir. 
 Members of the jury, you are not to question Mr. Laheri's absence. 
 His testimony was removed from the record. 
 It does not reflect on the defendant. 
 You are also to disregard any exchange between counsel and Dr. Bull. 
 Olsen :  We're screwed. 
 We're out of witnesses. 
 I have to rest our case. 
 Something Sean said stuck with me. 
 He said he warned Withrow in person. 
 You don't get an audience with Withrow and a visit from five of his attorneys without something in writing. 
 The FBI spent a year scanning his e-mail chains. 
 Servers, deleted files, everything. 
 But we haven't. 
 CEO's often write to their colleagues in code, so their e-mails don't get flagged. 
 I've got my people poring over his correspondence looking for patterns, and they're gonna find something. 
 And when they do, we're gonna nail that son of a bitch. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Thought you could use this. 
 Way ahead of you. 
 (chuckles) 
 Rough day. 
 Oh. 
 Rough day for us. 
 I, uh, brought you a revised witness list for tomorrow. 
 Oh, well, thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 Cheers. 
 Thank you. 
 It's a nice couch. 
 Andrew Withrow's taking the stand. 
 Oh, don't act so surprised... you goaded him into it. 
 Did I? 
 Well... by making him think that the jury will connect him to Laheri's death. 
 They will. 
 Andrew Withrow has a lot of questionable qualities, but he's not a murderer. 
 And who are you trying to convince? 
 Don't be ridiculous. 
 You bring me the witness list in person? 
 Come on, Diana. 
 Jason, Laheri committed suicide. 
 He felt guilty about the skybridge. 
 I wish I could tell you everything's gonna be okay and that your client isn't a killer. 
 But I can't. 
 I wish I could. 
 For you. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I'll see you in court. 
 Yeah. 
 (sighs) 
 Any new documents? 
 Still looking. 
 Look, Dennis, I was out of line asking you about the investigation. 
 But I hope that we can put it behind us, because I want to win this. 
 And I want you to win this and not let anything else stand in the way. 
 Withrow's gonna take the stand, and we have a strategy. 
 He is a sociopath, completely egocentric, can't read others' signals, and can't conceive he could fail. 
 There was a time... when I was involved in every detail. 
 But, uh, my company grew, and at a certain point it became too large. 
 So I had to begin trusting people, like my project manager, Sean Laheri. 
 I wish he'd come to me instead of brushing this design flaw under the rug. 
 If he had, those 15 poor people would still be alive today. 
 Benny :  He'll throw the dead man under the bus, just in case anyone on the jury was listening to Sean. 
 So Diana will coach him in what we call a "modified mea culpa," where Withrow admits to something insignificant, so the jury will think that he's sincere about everything. 
 If there's a sin I've committed here, it's... slightly exaggerating my role. 
 How do we get the jury to see what he's really doing? 
 Ha-ha! Oh, he doesn't really believe what he's saying. 
 Just keep pressing him. 
 He'll admit it. 
 Olsen :  Either you accept  full responsibility for every decision made at Withrow Midtown, or you were lying when you said "the brick stops here." 
 Which is it? 
 Objection, Your Honor. 
 Overruled. 
 Let me try this again. 
 Did you know the materials used might cause the skybridge to collapse, or is all this talk, your brand, built on a foundation of lies? 
 I didn't know... about the skybridge problems. 
 Mr. Withrow, when you signed those documents... 
 Asked and answered, Your Honor. 
 Move on, Mr. Olsen. 
 Olsen : No further questions. 
 We won a juror back... we've now got eight on our side. 
 Withrow didn't crack. 
 Somehow he managed to swallow his massive ego. 
 Diana prepped him well, interrupted at the right time. 
 (sighs): Yes, she did. 
 Now we need a new line of attack. 
 Dr. Bull. 
 What is it, Foley? 
 The, uh, elevator cards are working. 
 Good. Did you fix it? 
 Not exactly. 
 So this is TAC. 
 Nice offices. 
 Thanks. We got a good deal on them. 
 Hopefully, no one skimped on the materials. 
 (chuckles) 
 You and your team did good work. 
 Valuable work. 
 Ah, thanks. 
 I like your shoes. 
 Oh, I'm sorry, I thought we were just exchanging compliments. 
 We both know information's power. 
 Not common information, but unique information. 
 Information no one else has. 
 You use it to win trials; I use it to build buildings. 
 I see a synergy. 
 I have dozens of legal cases pending, and... 
 (sighs heavily) 
 ...I could use someone like you, Dr. Bull. 
 (both chuckling) 
 We can start... with a $10 million retainer. 
 That's interesting. 
 How'd you get to that number? 
 Well, I looked at your finances, retainers, what you need to run TAC the way you like to run it. 
 That is unique information. 
 People like to think life is... intangible, that it... transcends worth. 
 But I can put a number to anyone. 
 My number is about finding out what makes people tick, and, uh... now that I have it... meeting's over. 
 (sighs) 
 What a waste. 
 Bye. 
 Cable, where are you? 
 Well, get in here. 
 I think I found a new line of attack. 
 (laughs) Hey, Bull! 
 I love it when you're right. 
 First time for everything. 
 So, I noticed a pattern in Withrow's in-box. 
 He frequently misspells "accept." 
 It's common to confuse homonyms when you use a dictation app. 
 Son and sun, by and bye, except and accept. 
 Skip to the good part... the part where I'm right. 
 Okay. So, the way the app works is you dictate your e-mail content, that gets sent to a server farm, which translates it into text and sends it back. 
 So the server farm stores your dictations even if you delete them. 
 And if someone were to hack into the server farm, they might just find that Withrow dictated a series of messages to... a Bridget Ingelhart. 
 Mm. 
 That's an actuarial sheet. 
 Oh, yeah. Well, Ms. Ingelhart is an independent actuary. 
 I mean... they use code in the e-mails, but the PDF is clear as day. 
 She calculated the risk of the skybridge falling. 
 MARISSA; These numbers are how much Withrow would have to pay victims in a potential lawsuit. 
 He found everyone's number. 
 Why would Andrew Withrow approve a flawed design for the skybridge? 
 I mean, if there was a chance that a disaster could happen, even a small chance... 
 ...why risk it? 
 Because time is money, and it would have cost tens of millions to dismantle the bridge and do it right. 
 So Andrew Withrow calculated the odds. 
 What were the chances of an accident, and how much would it cost if the unthinkable happened? 
 It's how he evaluates human life. 
 Andrew Withrow wants to know how much it will cost him if he kills you. 
 Can you wrap your head around that? 
 You don't have to. 
 Actuaries can. 
 It's called risk assessment analysis, and it's used to determine the most cost-effective course of action. 
 Mr. Withrow gave everyone a number. 
 A number that determined the value of their life. 
 As you can see, a doctor is worth more than a dentist, a dentist more than a teacher, a teacher more than a commercial truck driver, and a driver... is worth more than a plumber. 
 Why risk it? 
 Because... 
 Andrew Withrow decided that it would be more cost-effective to lose those lives than to fix his faulty skybridge. 
 That's why 15 people died at Withrow Midtown. 
 Thank you. 
 Has the jury reached a verdict? 
 We have, Your Honor. 
 On 15 counts of manslaughter, we find the defendant... guilty. 
 (gallery gasps) 
 Levy : Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, the court thanks you for your service. 
 Marshal, please place the defendant in custody. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Looks like we got your number. 
 (exhales) Of course, I'll be appealing. 
 Of course. 
 Andrew, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to withdraw from your counsel. 
 I can't help you moving forward. 
 (chuckles): You already have. 
 My grounds for appeal is collusion between my attorney and the legal advisor for the plaintiff. 
 I'm very disappointed in both of you. 
 I told you he was a sociopath. 
 Benny. 
 Thanks for your help. 
 Oh, hey. 
 (chuckles) My pleasure. 
 And I mean that. 
 By the way, I... 
 I took a look into that investigation. 
 Oh. Oh, you did? 
 Yeah, you didn't hear this from me, but the U.S. Attorney's looking into a murder case you prosecuted eight years ago. 
 Hayden Watkins. 
 Hayden Watkins. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (exhales) 
 Well, if we're gonna be accused of it, we might as well do it. 
 (chuckles) 
 Drinks? 
 Dinner. 
 My place? 
 Better. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 