Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Light My Fire - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Light My Fire https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=30258 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/14/16 08:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Light My Fire 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (groans) 
 Woman : It can't wait till morning? 
 Got to grab the deposit. 
 Won't be long, honey. 
 Charles. 
 Don't be longer. 
 I got a surprise for you when we get home tonight. 
 Ooh... 
 (chuckles): Yeah. 
 (music playing quietly) 
 (gasps) 
 Oh! Oh, my God! 
 Charles! 
 Newsman :  Authorities have determined that the fire that destroyed Keller's Diner was in fact arson... 
 Newswoman :  The wildfire burned almost 31 acres and destroyed 13 homes around the town of Kavanaugh... 
 Newsman :  Local resident Peter Walsh has been arrested for the alleged arson and murder of his former boss, Charles Keller, owner of Keller's Diner. 
 (laughs)  American Ninja  competition? 
 No. Weekend warriors getaway with some friends from the Bureau. 
 Sounds... excruciating. 
 Let's hope so. 
 When's the last time we all had a weekend off? 
 You still going to that hacker meet-up... 
 That was supposed to be a secret. 
 All right, ladies, last check before I jet off to Augusta, G-A. 
 Whoa. 
 Are you playing in the Masters? 
 Final check-in. Chunk? 
 Seven witnesses prepped and ready for the Guzman deposition. 
 Danny : Psych files on the Rocketman IV and Sugar suits in your inbox. 
 A very productive Saturday morning. 
 I hope you all enjoy your weekend while the boss is away. 
 I will be at the spa spending time with my masseuse Serge. 
 Hey, wait, did Benny and Bull really go to New Hampshire to go fishing? 
 Cable : Yeah, I didn't even know Bull had a cabin. 
 There is no record of it anywhere. 
 If someone were to check. 
 (Danny snickers) 
 Bull has a cabin? 
 Uh, correction... Bull  had  a cabin. 
 (sighs) 
 How old were you when you came up here? 
 (bird squawking) 
 Every summer, ages ten to 14. 
 (bird cawing) 
 It's where I learned to... fish, hike... go for long walks with Abigail Barnes. 
 Hmm. 
 It's your dad's cabin... Do you want to take a moment? 
 No. I'm good. 
 Seriously? That's it? 
 You cannot lose the thing you do not cling to. 
 Buddha said that. 
 Maybe it was Taylor Swift. 
 Hmm. 
 If you didn't care about it, why'd you buy it? 
 Dad was strapped for cash. 
 I overpaid, of course. 
 You never talk about him. 
 That's because there are seven billion more interesting subjects on the planet. 
 Here comes one. 
 Hi there! Saw your car. 
 Oh. Joyce Magruder Ah. 
 At Mossy Green Realty. 
 Jason Bull. Hi. 
 Benny Colón. 
 Jason Bull. Wow. Yes. 
 (chuckles) 
 I would remember that smile anywhere. 
 I-I used to be Joyce Devlin. 
 Uh, you probably wouldn't remember me. 
 Of course I do, Joyce. 
 You had that pink bike with all those... streamers on the handlebars. 
 That's me. 
 Mm. 
 Shame about your dad's cabin. 
 Such a tragedy. 
 He's coping well. 
 The insurance check helps. 
 You always come out on top, don't you? 
 Speaking of which, how's your father? 
 I wouldn't know. 
 Well, at least they caught this guy. 
 Peter Walsh. 
 (chuckles): You remember the Walshes. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well, Jason... if you're looking to sell your land or, you know, maybe even buy something new... give me a shout. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, uh... what's up with your father? 
 Well, let's just say... he didn't leave town with many friends. 
 Hmm. 
 Ha! You get your fishing license at a bar. 
 (lively chatter) 
 How cool is that? 
 You know, in Puerto Rico, I used to fly fish on the flats for bonefish. 
 (chatter stops) 
 Here it's all about the trout. 
 Man : Well, look who's here. 
 Jason Bull. 
 Walt Simonds. 
 That's Chief Simonds. 
 Benny : Okay. 
 Well, I'm attorney Benny Colón. 
 Colleague of Dr. Jason Bull. 
 Dr.  Bull? 
 Well, your father must be very proud of you. 
 He must be. 
 Sorry about your cabin. 
 Paper said you caught the arsonist. 
 Young man : He's an arsonist and a murderer. 
 Trial looks like a slam dunk. 
 How so? 
 Well, Peter Walsh was the dishwasher at the diner, got laid off two days before the fire. 
 He wanted revenge. 
 Then there's the can of lighter fluid with his prints all over it. 
 Simonds : And let's don't forget who his family is. 
 That's right. 
 He's a Walsh. 
 Just like I'm a Bull. 
 You got that right. 
 See you around,  Doctor. 
 Three beers, please! 
 You got it, Chief! 
 We're not going fishing, are we? 
 Not for fish. 
 (sighs) 
 (Bull grunts) 
 (exhales): Ah... 
 Feels like a bad idea, Bull. 
 I love how no one locks their doors up here. 
 Listen, the kid's in jail... 
 I'm sure he won't mind us having a look around. 
 No, I was actually referring to you picking a fight with the chief. 
 Oh. Diner bursts into flames killing the owner, and the first guy they blame is from a family the town's hated for years? 
 Little too easy, if you ask me. 
 Wow. This is some cool stuff. 
 (sighs) 
 What's he doing living out here in the woods? 
 Well, the Walshes were the town ne'er-do-wells. 
 Father split, the mother died, the older brother was always getting in trouble. 
 Benny : Young male loner, comes from a troubled family history. 
 Fits the arsonist profile. 
 As does substance abuse, but I don't see any signs of drugs or alcohol. Do you? 
 Nope. 
 Just this jaywalking citation. 
 (chuckling) 
 Yeah, I got my fair share of these. 
 In Kavanaugh, this is how they... give you a little warning. 
 I take it you want to meet him? 
 Don't you? 
 (plays note) 
 (sighs heavily) 
 But you're not a lawyer? 
 I don't need to be. 
 I just try to understand people. 
 That's what my company does... Trial analysis. 
 It's about understanding... why, for instance, people think you started this fire. 
 And then... we need to get them to realize... you didn't. 
 Benny : Assuming you didn't. 
 I'm a lawyer. 
 Mm. 
 Okay. 
 So we've been talking for a few minutes. 
 What do you understand about me? 
 Well, so far... You're inventive, smart... but you don't like to share, because people tend to take you the wrong way. 
 And you have been an outcast so long, you don't trust an invitation... to join anything. 
 Even a simple conversation. 
 Did you start the fire? 
 Hell, no. 
 I just always get blamed for what happens around here. 
 You don't have an alibi. 
 When I'm not at work, I'm at home playing guitar, or making one. 
 By yourself? 
 They found a lighter fluid can with your prints on it. 
 You'd just been fired, you can understand how that looks. 
 Yeah, but it's not like that. 
 I mean, yeah, I was bummed. 
 It was good gig, but... 
 I would never... 
 But what about you? What's your deal? 
 What are you doing up here? 
 My cabin burned down. 
 I haven't been up here in a while. 
 But I knew your brother Jake. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Look, if you guys are doing this out of some sort of favor to my brother, you should know that I think he is a lying scumbag. 
 I can see you're nothing like him. 
 Which is why I want to help you. 
 (sighs): Okay, Benny... 
 Voir dire starts in two days. 
 Peter... this is your new attorney. 
 Dr. Bull... 
 ...thanks. 
 Don't mention it. 
 I think we both have something to prove to this town. 
 So much for the weekend off. 
 Danny : He wouldn't have called us if he didn't really need us. 
 All right... we're here. 
 Ooh. 
 (laughing) 
 Cable : Wow. Norman Rockwell called. 
 He wants his painting back. 
 Kavanaugh, New Hampshire. 
 Population: 4,000. 
 Bull : Clean air, clean water, overpriced maple syrup and strong-willed people. 
 Danny : So, what, you had a cabin up here and never used it once in 25 years? 
 It's a funny story... Maybe I'll tell you sometime. 
 Oh, the techs have finished setting up. 
 Let's go. We got a lot of work to do. 
 Okay, Peter Walsh. 
 He's been arrested five times by the sheriff... all eventually dismissed. 
 Peter's reputation was decided a long time ago by his father and his brother... And now whenever there's trouble in town, the sheriff knocks on Peter's door first. 
 We got to convince this town that Peter's his own man, and nothing like his family. 
 That's not gonna be easy. 
 Well, if it was easy, It wouldn't be fun, Chunk. 
 Cable, I think it's time we did a deep dive on the white hot social scene of Kavanaugh... Let's find out who the movers and shakers are, and who might hold sway over the jury outside of the courtroom. 
 Benny : So he's been charged with second degree murder and arson, okay, but arson has to be our focus. 
 If they can't prove arson, then the murder goes away. 
 (latch clicks) 
 Man : Go down and grab some lunch. 
 (phone ringing, keys jingling, footsteps approaching) 
 Thanks. 
 (door creaks) 
 Hi, Peter. I'm Chunk. 
 (door slams shut) 
 Dr. Bull asked me to prepare you for trial. 
 Yo. 
 He, uh, mentioned that you play guitar? 
 I styled some bands for magazine photo shoots. 
 You kind of remind me of them. 
 Yeah? Like who? 
 Jack White. 
 Black Keys, a few others. 
 You seem distracted. 
 It-It's my music. 
 It fills my head. 
 Well, there's a time for music, and a time for focus. 
 Is this gonna be a lecture? 
 It's a life line. 
 You gonna take it? 
 (car horn toots) 
 Okay, here's our jury pool. 
 Patricia Morrison, head of the events committee, Tracy Chubricks, who owns the flower shop, and Betsy Hanson, runs the knitting studio. 
 And Edward Klein is the high school math teacher. 
 And all roads lead to... 
 Joyce Magruder. 
 40, real estate agent. 
 Married, no children. 
 Cares deeply about Kavanaugh's reputation. 
 Oh, yeah. Benny and I already ran into her. 
 She, uh... she's our sneezer. 
 I don't get it. 
 Our influencer. 
 When she opens her mouth, her words spread like an unchecked sneeze. 
 Gesundheit. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Oh. 
 (whispering) 
 Nice job, Chunk. 
 Well, God gave him talent. 
 This poor kid needs all the help he can get. 
 Well, now he gets us. 
 Bull : There you go, Peter. 
 Looking good. Thanks. 
 You were gonna find something? 
 Yeah, you know it. 
 I see all my friends showed up. 
 (gavel banging) 
 Judge : Enough chatter in the gallery. 
 I expect good behavior in my courtroom. 
 Peter, you've got a reputation you don't deserve. 
 We're gonna find you a jury that'll give you that reputation a second look. 
 Judge : Mr. Colón, you may begin your voir dire. 
 Benny : You have a beautiful town here, folks. Wow! 
 It's not hard to see why Kavanaugh is known as one of New Hampshire's best towns to live in. 
 Of course, with the recent wildfire might cause some to rethink that. 
 What do you like most about this town? 
 The sense of community. 
 Mm. 
 Marissa : She belongs to just about every club there is. 
 Huh. A lot of overlap with Joyce. 
 But she took off work last week because her son was getting bullied at school. 
 Acceptable to the defense, Your Honor. 
 Do you know the defendant, sir? 
 I hired him to clean out my garage. 
 Strike for cause, Your Honor. 
 Approach. 
 This guy hired Peter for jobs. 
 He's not sympathetic? 
 No. Look at his body language. 
 Hostile, arms crossed. 
 He gave Peter a chance. 
 Now he feels betrayed, like somebody who picks up a stray dog only to have his hand bitten. 
 Judge : Mr. Jenkins, you are excused. 
 I know you stole my chainsaw. 
 Ms. Magruder is acceptable to the prosecution. 
 Our sneezer. 
 Mm. We strike her. 
 Strike, Your Honor. 
 Ms. Magruder, you are excused. 
 Bull : Kavanaugh's a small town. 
 Too small to find a mirror jury that's gonna accurately reflect the real jury. 
 So we use Joyce. 
 She knows what everyone's thinking. 
 She will function as our mirror jury. 
 You and Joyce are about to become quite close. 
 Um... 
 Judge : The court is in recess until 9:30 tomorrow. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 Okay. 
 Hey. 
 So Chief Simonds is being, uh, shall we say, uncooperative? 
 He's stonewalling us on the fire files. 
 Man really holds a grudge. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Shall I, uh, get them a different way? 
 No. 
 This one's on me. 
 Okay. 
 Hey, Chief. 
 Wanted to talk to you about getting access to some of those files. 
 Your assistant already asked. 
 I already answered. 
 Oh. You mean Danny. 
 Um, yeah, I know. 
 But I thought I'd ask again, maybe a little more nicely. 
 Pretty please, sugar on top? 
 Sorry, no. 
 Well, at least I tried. 
 (indistinct shouting) 
 Is there something else? 
 No, I'm just gonna head back to court, get a subpoena for those files. 
 Yeah, I wasn't really asking a favor. 
 My client has a legal right to that information. 
 We both know that, which makes me wonder why you'd be denying it. 
 I mean, are you just being prickly and difficult, or are you hiding something? 
 Huh. 
 You think you can hustle me, just like your father? 
 It's your move, Chief. 
 Your assistant can pick up the files in my office. 
 Well, I wouldn't call her my assistant. 
 She's former FBI, Danielle James. 
 I call her "Danny." 
 See the floor? 
 The fire chief stated in his report that these are pour patterns from the lighter fluid. 
 No. 
 The lab didn't find any chemical trace of an accelerant or lighter fluid. 
 These patterns are a heat effect from the flashover. 
 Okay. Prosecution's saying Peter poured lighter fluid on the floor, and that's not the case. 
 Uh-uh. 
 Here's what I think's going on. 
 There was a house fire about four months ago off Route 25, and then last year, a blaze took out a boathouse on the south shore of the lake. 
 Okay. 
 But the chief ruled these two fires to be accidents. 
 But the more you know about how these fires spread, the more similar they look to the diner fire. 
 The diner fire was caused by propane gas. 
 With a time-delayed ignition. 
 And the other two fires were caused by, um, space heaters. 
 Same delay. 
 Which gives the arsonist time to escape. 
 Mm-hmm. Benny needs to see this. 
 We need to bring up these fires when the chief is on the stand. 
 He went fishing with Chunk. 
 Needed a moment of Zen before court. 
 Chunk : One bar. 
 Two bars. 
 No bars. Damn it! 
 The car's right over that hill. 
 We're lost. 
 We can't be. 
 I'm due in court in an hour! 
 Damn! 
 We didn't even catch a fish. 
 Wait. The judge will grant us a continuance. 
 They can't put Peter on trial without his lawyer, right? 
 Right? 
 Guess who's got a new bestie. 
 Oh, сongratulations, new Miss New Hampshire. 
 Seems she wants to pick my brain as much as we want to pick hers. 
 Uh, we have a date to, uh, shoot skeet. 
 Well, the skeet of New Hampshire should be very afraid. 
 Have you heard from Benny? 
 I thought he was here. 
 No. Benny's phone's going straight to voice mail, and I can't reach Chunk, either. 
 What do you want to do? 
 Well, I could pull the fire alarm. 
 Judge : Time's up, Dr. Bull. 
 Where is Mr. Colón? 
 (clears his throat) Um... Your Honor, uh, I wonder if, at this time, we might ask for one more continuance? 
 Not a chance. That's not the way we work up here. 
 We set a time, and we stick by it. 
 Then I'll be filling in. 
 Your Honor, Dr. Bull is not an attorney. 
 Uh, rule number 20. 
 New Hampshire law. 
 Mr. Walsh can assign temporary Power of Attorney to me, and I will represent him in court until such time as Mr. Colón is available to join us again. 
 Mr. Walsh, you'd like to have Dr. Bull act as your lawyer until Mr. Colón arrives? 
 Sure... Your Honor. 
 As my report states, Mr. Walsh had recently been fired from his job. 
 There were no signs of a break-in, meaning the arsonist used a key to enter and exit. 
 We also found an empty container of lighter fluid in the Dumpster out back. 
 Mr. Walsh's fingerprints were found on the container. 
 Based on a career of arson investigation, this is a clear-cut case. 
 No further questions. 
 Judge : Thank you, Mr. Pigden. 
 Dr. Bull, you're up. 
 
 
 
 Huh. 
 It's interesting. 
 So isn't it true that, uh, the diner had an incinerator out back that was used to burn trash, and they often used lighter fluid to get those fires started? 
 Lighter fluid was on hand. 
 It's easy to see why Mr. Walsh used it to set the fire. 
 Yeah. 
 Just reading this report, and, uh, you know, the chemical tests... 
 They came back negative for the presence of any accelerants or other flammable material that would have been found in the diner. 
 Sometimes a fire burns so hot, no chemical residue remains. 
 Bull : So help me out here. 
 Why would the arsonist throw this container into a Dumpster instead of the fire? 
 Probably left in a hurry, didn't want to be caught with evidence on him. 
 Probably. 
 It's not a word I like to use in court. 
 But anyway, um, would it be possible for the arsonist to uncouple the propane line, and then, say, leave these fryers on so that, an hour later, kaboom? 
 It's possible. 
 And wouldn't a fire that hot spread without the aid of an accelerant, like lighter fluid? 
 My 40 plus years of experience tells me that he used an accelerant, and the lighter fluid was there. 
 But you agree that the theory is possible? 
 You're just like your old man. 
 Always trying to sell a story. 
 You see how he didn't want to answer the question? 
 Deflection. 
 Interesting. So try and answer the question for me, Chief. 
 Because this lighter fluid is the only piece of evidence that you have that ties Peter Walsh to this fire. 
 Now you're trying to hustle these good people into believing that that punk didn't kill a man and burn down half this town. 
 Not on my watch, son. 
 Half the town's already burned down on your watch,  Chief. 
 You watch it, Bull. 
 Remember this fire? 
 Four months ago, Route 25. 
 Objection. Irrelevant. 
 Because you haven't let me say why it's relevant yet. 
 Show us soon, Dr. Bull. 
 Thank you, Your Honor. You remember this fire, Chief? 
 Yes. 
 And you ruled it an accident. 
 It was an accident. 
 That's interesting. 
 So, Oliver Brant's boathouse a year ago, you also ruled that an accident. And yet those two fires had the same M.O. as this diner fire. 
 Except those were accidents and this was arson. 
 I mean, that's just the last year. 
 Which got me thinking, I mean, what if we went back in time? 
 How many more mistakes will we find? 
 You son of a bitch. 
 That's not an answer, Chief. 
 Objection. Your Honor! 
 Dr. Bull. 
 No further questions. 
 What the hell was that? 
 Oh, Chief? He got a little riled up, didn't he? That's good for us. 
 So that's why you're doing this, isn't it? 
 You want to get some sort of revenge on this place? 
 It's not revenge. It's... clarity. 
 I think we both need that. 
 You don't know what I need. 
 You don't know me. You don't know who I am. 
 I know you. 
 Or at least I understand what you've been through. 
 You know, my dad brought us up here in the early '90s. 
 There was a recession going on. 
 But my dad had a big smile. 
 He made fast friends. 
 And then he got everyone very excited about this big new development coming to Kavanaugh. 
 And he sold 'em a dream. 
 Everybody thought they were gonna get rich. 
 My dad got his big finder's fee. 
 But he lied to pretty much everyone else in the process. 
 And when the development pulled out of Kavanaugh, an army of lawyers descended on the town, extracting millions in penalties. 
 I was hated. 
 Instant outcast. 
 One night, my dad packed us up, and we just snuck out of town. 
 Never said good-bye to anyone. 
 My dad. 
 He could sell ice to Eskimos. 
 It's probably best you left. 
 My mom stuck around, and I've been blamed for my family's actions my whole life. 
 Well, we are gonna change some minds about you. 
 (footsteps approaching rapidly) 
 Man : Hold on, guys. You can't come in here. 
 Benny : Bull, hey! 
 I'm sorry. We got lost. 
 It was my fault. 
 Chunk : Marissa filled us in. 
 Hey, Chunk, will you go get one of Peter's guitars and bring it to me here? 
 Yeah. 
 I think someone needs to play the blues. 
 Marissa : Pull! 
 (gunshot) 
 Pull! 
 This is not beginner's luck. 
 Oh. 
 I lettered in archery. Maybe that helps. 
 Still think you can get Peter Walsh off? 
 Oh, I don't know. 
 The jury's tough. 
 They know Peter. 
 That makes them prejudiced. 
 Have you known Jason long? 
 Seven years. 
 He and I go back a bit further. 
 He ever tell you about his father? 
 I never asked. 
 He was a real piece of work. 
 Maybe he was just trying to provide for his family. 
 Oh, he stole from them, too. 
 Pull! 
 What did we learn from Joyce today? 
 Uh, that if shotguns were made out of foam rubber, I'd be an Olympian. 
 She said you scored today. 
 Picked up four jurors: Stu, Perry, Missy, and Andrew. 
 Well, the bad news is there's still eight who believe what the chief had to say. 
 The worse news is Joyce is certain she can win the other four back. 
 She'll drop a few rumors and corral the herd. 
 The comment the chief made about your dad landed with the jury. 
 Thanks again, Dad. 
 Hey, Bull? 
 Were you really the leader of a motorcycle gang? 
 Bull's Angels. 
 But it was Huffys, not Harleys. I was 12. 
 (chuckles) 
 Actually, there was this kid, Eric. He was sort of a wild man. 
 Strapped a lawnmower engine onto his bike. 
 Got that thing cookin'. 
 We built a ramp down on the dock. 
 Tried to get him to jump the lake. 
 I thought he was gonna make it. 
 He died. 
 I'm kidding. (chuckles) 
 Busted his legs up pretty good though. 
 Joyce said your dad stole from you, too. 
 Well, I had 500 bucks in my room, and my dad stole it from me. 
 Said it was punishment. 
 Punishment for what? 
 Well, I had borrowed somebody's boat. 
 It was the police chief's. 
 Did you ever forgive him? 
 My father... 
 I never trusted him again. 
 So if you can't forgive your father, what makes you think you can change our jurors' minds about Peter? 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 Hey. 
 So, I've been going over these fire cases, and something's just-just nagging me. 
 Whoever's doing this is good. 
 I mean professional good. 
 Huh. 
 Professional. 
 You think the arsonist is a fireman. 
 I got two pair, boys, aces and eights. 
 If you can beat that... 
 Jeff : I got nothing. 
 Sam : Same here, Chief. 
 Pair of kings. 
 (chuckles) 
 All right. 
 Tough hand, Sam. 
 Looks like you need a fourth. 
 Mind if I sit in? 
 (sighs) 
 What the hell do you want, Bull? 
 Well, maybe a week in France would be nice. 
 But I really want to know which one of you clowns is responsible for the fire, the one that you blame on Peter Walsh. 
 I'm gonna say this once, Bull. 
 My men and I, we put out fires. 
 We risk our lives in doing it. 
 We don't expect any thank yous. 
 It's the job. 
 But what we do expect in return is the common decency not to be accused of arson or murder. 
 Now, are you gonna walk out the way you came or... 
 I got what I came for. 
 Thanks... Chief. 
 (bell tinkles) 
 (sighs) 
 So, what'd you get? 
 I wasn't the only one bluffing in there. 
 Follow the chief. 
 I want to know every move he makes between now and the end of the trial. 
 Okay. 
 Now, the only way to convince the people in this town you're innocent is to show them who you really are. 
 Under stress, your brain finds relief in music. 
 I don't follow. 
 (playing bluesy guitar) 
 Your testimony is gonna be a basic blues riff. 
 We're gonna show them that you're a musician, an artist, and that you create things, not destroy them. 
 Benny : Did you burn down the diner that night? 
 No, I didn't. 
 So, you had been fired from your job. 
 I got let go for the winter, but Mr. Keller promised he'd hire me when the tourists come back. 
 I wasn't angry about it. 
 Mr. Keller and I were friends. He gave me my first Yardbirds record. 
 I turned him on to the Black Keys. 
 So, you like music? 
 I love music. 
 I've been playing guitar since I was seven. 
 You make guitars out of some pretty unusual things. 
 Guitars and amps. 
 You know, most people don't realize that you can make some pretty rad instruments out of just about anything. 
 Shovels, soda bottles, old chandeliers. 
 Bull :  This town sees you as a dangerous criminal. 
 But we're gonna show them that In fact, you're afraid of them. Benny :  Why don't you come by town anymore, Peter? Well, I would. But a few times when I've come to go dumpster diving to collect parts to make my instruments... ...I've gotten accused of casing houses to break into them. I'm just looking through the stuff that... everyone else has thrown away. (metronome ticking) Pigden's not gonna go easy on you. He's gonna want to get you angry. Whatever you do, don't. So, why does the empty container of lighter fluid have your fingerprints all over it? Because I use it to burn the trash. You had a key To gain access. And you wanted to teach Charles Keller a lesson, isn't that right? Oh, give me a break! No! Bull :  Relax and remember,  blues riff. (playing guitar) ♪ ♪ I don't teach people a lesson. That's my brother. And I don't understand why it's so hard for you to believe that I'm not him. Mr. Walsh, if it is really so bad for you here in Kavanaugh, why stay? I was seven years old when my dad took off. And my mom didn't handle that well. And I think she's in a better place now that she's passed on. But I visit her every Sunday at Chambliss Street Cemetery. My grandfather, he was born and died in the same house I live in. Kavanaugh's my home. So where else would I go? Hey, you two. Hope you're both happy. That an innocent man is one step closer to freedom? Yes. We were just talking about that. People lost their homes, property values are down. And we caught the son-of-a-bitch causing all the trouble, until you strolled in with your crew of liars. I think she's referring to you. Oh, I-I got that, thank you. And you want to set him free? Collect a payday? Move on, just like your father. You can twist your Manhattan juries around your finger, but here... they listen to me. Oh. The jury is ours unless Joyce contaminates them. I think we made her angry. Angry enough to tip her hand. You know how Joyce controls this town? Through gossip. And gossip is how we're gonna take her down. Bull : Well, it's hay fever season. Time to sneeze. Okay. What did you have in mind? Something my dad would appreciate. The jury's listening to Joyce, we're gonna turn them against her with a rumor. Dad always told me people can't be sold something unless they want to buy it. How about Joyce is negotiating a deal, 200 room resort with golf course, and spa? That's good. All over the county flannel undies are bunching. (Bull chuckles) Who's driving? (grunts) Man : There you go. (car doors closing) Hey. Right on time. Hey. Good to see you. Oh, do we look okay? We were told business professional. You guys look great. I might have lost the ties, but why quibble? So, what we're gonna do here today is, uh, sort of like Simon Says. And right now, you're gonna look to your left. You see that fountain over there? I'd like you to make a dismissive motion with your hand, like you're just gonna level that thing. Yeah. There we go. Now, I'm gonna say something really funny. Ready? And you're laughing. (all laughing) God bless America. All right, do you see that woman in the cranberry jacket behind me? Businessman : Sure do. Bull : Mmm. Give her a wave. You know her. You know her. She's the best. Did she wave back? Businessman : She sure did. Bull : Okay, let's give it a couple seconds. (Bull whistling) All right. We're done. Thanks for coming out. That's it? That's all you need? That is all I need. Thanks, everyone. (groans) How's it going? Cable : They're all blaming Joyce for our planted story about the hotel development. People are losing their minds. It's almost scary how quickly it's spreading. It's like... Feathers. You know, there's this old story about a man who spread a nasty rumor about a rival shopkeeper, and it spread throughout the shtetl. I'm taking this man was Jewish, and he lived in Eastern Europe. It's an old story. Yeah. Benny, take note. Let's incorporate this into your closing. The gossip stuck, and the shopkeeper was driven from the town. So the man felt bad about the gossip he had spread about his rival, so he went to his rabbi to ask how he could undo what he had done. So the rabbi said, take a pillow to the town square, cut it open, and shake it until it was empty. So the man did that. So the rabbi said, now go, and pick up all the feathers and stick them back in the pillow. "Impossible," said the man. Exactly. Once a piece of gossip leaves your mouth, you can't put it back. Peter Walsh did not burn down that diner, nor did he kill Charles Keller. And despite a lack of evidence, some of you still think he did. I notice everyone wearing the buttons that say, "No Resort in Kavanaugh." Well, the rumors of a resort coming to Kavanaugh... are not true. That's right, we made that up to illustrate a point. You know the seven men and women in suits who came into town yesterday? Hired drivers from Boston. And yet, due to gossip, today the town is up in arms and pointing fingers at one of their good friends. It's not true. That's the point. Gossip spreads like wildfire and can destroy this town! That's how gossip works. And the greatest victim of it sits with us right here today. Peter Walsh. Innocent man. Judge : On the two charges of arson and murder in the second degree, how does the jury find? We the jury find the defendant, Peter Walsh... not guilty on both counts. (people gasping) Judge : This case is ended. The defendant is free to go. The court is adjourned. (groans) This is, uh... You guys are really... I-I can't... I can't believe this. Th... Thank you. Of course. Now, listen, I want one of those electric shovels. Can you make that happen? Yeah, I think so. Congratulations. Thank you. (sighs) Bull. When you said the arsonist was one of us, it didn't sit well with me. Yeah, I got that impression. (sighs) But... I went through the evidence from the other fires again. Sure enough, something stuck out. One of my firemen, he was always the first to go in. If you know where the first started... He was destroying evidence. Sam Keane. He's at the sheriff's station right now. I found this at your... cabin after the fire. It belongs to you. (opens box) Well, what do you know? There's my 500 bucks. (chuckles) You're not your father, Jason. Thank you, Chief. For the fireman's fund. Thank you. Hmm. (chuckles): Aw... Let me s... Marissa : Oh-ho, look how cute you were. Don't let Benny see that fish... He'll get jealous. You're right. So, Sam Keane. That's interesting, isn't it? Mm. I watched Sam Keane fold a winning hand  because he didn't want to beat his boss. He is a classic subordinate. You think he didn't do it. Someone else is pulling the strings. Pull! Bull : Joyce. You know better than to startle a woman with a shotgun, don't you? (chuckles) It's interesting. You know, we were spreading this rumor about you buying up all the properties so this development that came to town would make you a lot of money, and it turns out that's true. Eh, I took advantage of some unfortunate events. Nothing illegal about that. No. Sam Keane said he set those fires. But he also said you paid him to do it. He flipped on you for a plea deal. Makes you an accessory to murder. (indistinct police radio chatter) I always hated you. Deputy : All right, Joyce. Here we go. Somehow that makes me feel better. Pull! Benny : Hey, guys, I got one! (whooping, cheering) All right, Benny! Benny : Eh, crap. Never mind. Danny : All right, Bull, tell us the real story. Marissa : Yeah. Why'd you keep your dad's cabin all these years? Well, I guess I just had this fantasy that one day I'd come back up here and... set things straight. Well, it's not a fantasy now, huh? I guess not. Would've been nice to have Dad up here to see how things turned out. When did he pass away? Oh, he's not dead... He lives in Florida. ♪ ♪ Benny : Yes! ♪ Oh, no, no... ♪ Whoo! Oh, easy, ea-easy. Ooh, ooh, ooh! Whoa, whoa, whoa! (laughter and indistinct chatter) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 