Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Callisto - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Callisto https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=29170 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/19/16 10:23 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Callisto 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Bull :  I'm Dr. Jason Bull. I'm not a lawyer. I'm an expert in what's called trial science. I study a jury's behavioral patterns. I know what they're thinking before they do. Everything my team learns gets plugged into a matrix, which allows us to assemble a mirror jury that is scary in its predictive efficiency. The verdict you get depends on me. And that's no bull. 
 Vitals are crashing. We're losing her. 
 Where's that O-Neg?! 
 Another bag? Pressure's not coming up. 
 Nurse : Second bag coming up. 
 Femoral artery is lacerated. 
 She's a hemophiliac. 
 She'll bleed out before it gets here. 
 Doctor : Plasma. Factor VIII and Factor IX. 
 It won't work. Kyra's anti-bodies reject standard clotting factors. 
 She's my sister. I can help. 
 You have to use this. 
 You can't be back here. 
 Hey! 
 Man : Hey! Security! 
 Doctor : Get her out of here. 
 Guard : Ma'am? 
 What did you give her? 
 She's stabilizing. 
 That's impossible. 
 Nurse : EP's dropping. 
 Ten, 140. 
 Woman : She's such a klutz. 
 130. 
 What are you waiting for? 
 Stitch up my sister. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Nurse : Tray's ready, Doctor. 
 The Angel of New York Sacred Heart. 
 Now, that's how some people are describing Kerry Ketchum. 
 Only 25 years old, with advanced degrees in chemistry and molecular biology, but no formal medical training, she saved her sister's life with a drug she developed in her own small lab. 
 ♪ On and on and on and on ♪ 
♪ Got to do it and do it right ♪ 
♪ We'll stop the rules... ♪ 
 How deep down the rabbit hole are you? 
 Oh, I'm the Mad Hatter, Danny. I'm in Wonderland. 
 She's the perfect client. 
 The hospital won't press charges. 
 Too many people worshipping at the altar of the Angel of Sacred Heart. 
 Who would besmirch an angel? 
 It's blasphemy. 
 The hospital wants her hemophilia B cure. 
 A lot of hospitals do... all over the country. 
 And get this: she offered to give it to them. 
 What do you mean give it to them? 
 She means give for free. 
 For no money? Must be some money. 
 Well, cost, but that's basically free, and because she's attempting to distribute nationwide, this guy Windemere is suing her. 
 Errol Windemere, CEO of WindGen Pharmaceuticals says he holds the patent to Kerry's drug. He's filing, saying she's infringing. 
 And this is the part Bull's gonna love. 
 You're this excited about a patent case? Why? 
 Even though Kerry Ketchum lives in New York, because she's offering the drug all over, including Texas, that just opened her up to the jurisdiction of Callisto. 
 Hmm. 
 Who's Callisto? 
 Bull : Callisto isn't a who. 
 Callisto is a where. 
 Geographically situated in West Texas. 
 Population 25,000. 
 But in the legal world, it's located somewhere between the sixth and seventh circles of hell. 
 I take it you've been there before? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Once. 
 Don't let its quaint appearance fool you. 
 Callisto is a litigation speed trap. 
 They've made a cottage industry out of patent cases. 
 How? 
 Benny : Well, the jury always sides with the plaintiffs, and they hand out the biggest cash verdicts in all the country. 
 Bull : These plaintiffs, they hire the local law firm. 
 And the juries well, they know, and they like these local lawyers. 
 And so, if they represent the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs must be right. 
 That sounds wildly unfair. 
 It's called the Halo Effect. 
 Juries apply their love of local lawyers to whoever they represent. 
 So how did you beat them the last time? 
 I didn't. 
 But-but I thought you've never lost. 
 Doesn't mean I've always won. 
 Callisto. 
 (slow rhythmic beeping) 
 I don't even have a lawyer yet. 
 I can't go to trail. 
 In Texas? 
 This is totally unfair. 
 Oh, Kerry, it's way worse than that. 
 Windemere has all the leverage of a crooked system, and he's using it against you. 
 Marissa : Can you tell us about your drug? 
 The challenge of hemophilia B is not just synthesizing a clotting factor. 
 It's delivering that factor in a way the body won't reject. 
 My sister's disease affects fewer than one in 50,000 people. 
 There are some treatments, but it's not a big enough market for large pharmaceutical companies to invest in developing a cure. 
 They'd call what I make an "orphan drug." 
 So you've done this out of love. 
 Devoted my entire life to a cure. 
 But WindGen Pharmaceuticals claims that their patented hemophilia B treatment covers your invention. 
 They haven't advanced that drug in 17 years. 
 It has to be used once a week to have any effect. 
 Mine lasts a year and doesn't wear off. 
 Thousands of people could live better lives. 
 That sound different enough to you? 
 But the question is how it sounds to a jury. 
 The technicalities of patent law are very complex. 
 I'm sorry, I don't see technicalities. 
 I see my sister slip cutting a bagel, and spending a month in the ICU. 
 Marissa : And in this case, Windemere himself is showing up to testify. 
 He's on the witness list. 
 Why? 
 I don't know. 
 Maybe 'cause he's a heartless, money-grubbing old douche. 
 Works for me. 
 So I take it we're going. 
 Yeah, Bull, I've only got a foggy picture of what happened to you in Callisto the first time round, but I have heard you say the words "deep personal downward spira" in referencing its aftermath. 
 Lot of good can come from a deep personal downward spiral. 
 From the bottom of a hole, it's easy to see the light. 
 Good to go. 
 Bull, I-I can't get ahold of Danny. 
 Oh, yeah, she's on special assignment. 
 Care to elaborate? 
 Um, not now. 
 Can I have everyone's attention? 
 I have a request of each and every one of you. 
 I want you to imagine we are an invading hostile force. 
 Because that is how the devil's armpit that we are traveling to is gonna see us. 
 And I may not be able to share every tiny detail of strategy with you in the moment. 
 Trust that... I am your general... 
 ...and I am in full command. 
 (people murmuring) 
 Bull, you may be making too big a deal of this. 
 I'm not, and that's a perfect example of the opposite of what I just said. 
 We got this, Bull. 
 Carry-on only, Chunk. 
 Chunk : Okay. 
 See, now you're just talking crazy. 
 Just get what you need when you're down there. 
 Chunk : How...? 
 What's up? 
 Cable, you're staying here. 
 Could have just punched me in the face. 
 (groans) 
 It's nothing personal, but I need you on the outside. 
 Uh-huh. 
 All right, so, every attempt at doing what we do will be undermined from the second we step off that plane, we're gonna be sabotaged. 
 But... we are on the side of the better angel. 
 It's gonna be fun. 
 Nah. He's not losing it. 
 (whooping, clamoring) 
 (truck horn honking) 
 (clamoring continues) 
 They gave away our conference area. 
 How are we supposed to have mock trials? 
 We don't have a workspace. 
 Or rooms. 
 The concierge apologized for  losing  our reservations. 
 If I wasn't carrying bags, I'd throw up air quotes. 
 At least you have your bags. 
 The airport porter said he couldn't find mine. 
 I'll never question you again. 
 See the park bench? 
 Banners all around town? 
 Those same names are on the local high school football stadium. 
 All generous donations courtesy of Bender, Lindsay & Partners. 
 Who are they? 
 Counsel for the plaintiff, the local firm. 
 But don't worry. 
 We also have local counsel. 
 It's part of our strategy to undercut their advantage. 
 Someone from another firm? 
 Not quite. 
 And don't worry about where we're gonna prep. 
 I've made arrangements. 
 Callisto's not gonna catch me with my pants down again. 
 (truck horn toots) 
 Right on time. 
 JB? 
 How about it? Hey, welcome back, man. 
 Merle the Pearl. 
 Right. 
 Good to see you. 
 Yeah. 
 All right. Merle, this is my team. 
 Team, this is Merle Deavers. 
 Local baseball star, prom king, war vet, and handyman. 
 Yeah, well, I'm a jack of some trades. But come on, y'all. 
 Everybody pile in. Here, let me take that for you. 
 All right. 
 All right. 
 Here. 
 Oh. 
 (yells) 
 Well, it's nice to meet y'all. 
 You know, last time JB came through solo. 
 Not a phone call, not a letter? 
 You could have let us know you were back in town, Dr. Bull. 
 Oh, you knew we were coming, Diana. 
 Hey there, Merle. 
 You taking good care of these out-of-towners? 
 Yeah, sure thing, Ms. Lindsay. 
 All right. 
 Now I didn't think I'd see your face again, Bull. 
 You made a good decision, getting rid of the old soup strainer. 
 I always did find those whiskers ticklish. 
 (chuckles) 
 Chunk : Bull had a mustache? 
 All right, y'all. 
 Diana Lindsay, senior partner at Bender, Lindsay She's prosecuting Kerry's case. 
 Just on a reconnaissance mission. 
 Wants to see who she's up against. 
 (truck engine starting) 
 So... Callisto  is  a kind of a who. 
 Marissa : This is where we're staying? 
 (Merle groans) 
 (chickens clucking) 
 Lot of hay, no livestock. 
 There definitely has been at some point, though. 
 Yeah, picked up your, uh, crates yesterday night. 
 Came to my name like you said. 
 Nobody messed with 'em and I made a list Of my friends and relations for your mock juror pool. 
 Folks who won't go blabbing what you ask 'em about. 
 We'll need to determine how well Kerry's narrative cuts through the Halo Effect. 
 See if the jury will like her more than Diana. 
 Sweep it first. 
 Excuse me? 
 For bugs. 
 Bugs? 
 You mean electronic surveillance devices? 
 I do, indeed. 
 But that's not legal. 
 Now you're catching on. 
 Kerry, with me. 
 (clucking) 
 Hi. Huge fan of your work. 
 And your lack of respect for authority. 
 Uh, hi. 
 So I've been tasked with finding the connection between Windemere and you. 
 And I got my hands on his research study from 1999 that led to the patent. 
 The participants' names as well as some of the details from the experiments were confidential, but Windemere himself was the lead researcher. 
 And this might explain why he's coming to testify. 
 Windemere is taking the position that he invented your drug. 
 No, he didn't invent my drug. They're not the same. 
 No, I know, but he's going to say that he did. 
 Thank you, Cable. 
 I'll take it from here. 
 She's very enthusiastic. 
 (huffs) 
 Kerry, your cure is composed of distinct elements of Windemere's patented. 
 But I beat his science. 
 Luckily, this isn't about science. 
 It's about people. 
 And the people on this jury are not gonna understand any of this. 
 So we need to stick to the plan. 
 And that is? 
 The good people of Callisto on the jury... love the other side. 
 We just have to make them love us more. 
 Create our own halo. 
 We can conflict out anyone who's already served on Windemere's jury. 
 That only leaves about 180... eligible jurors. 
 Danny? 
 (Texas accent): Hi. 
 Bull : This is Danny's special assignment. 
 I'm Courtney Jean, your waitress. 
 You new to town? 
 Oh, I just started. 
 Oh. 
 Still getting to know the regulars. 
 Never seen you before. 
 Are you all here for the Windemere case? I have heard so much about it. Everyone's so excited to meet the man. 
 Well, okay, I'll be right back to take your orders. 
 Uh, what are those? 
 Dossiers on our potential jurors. 
 Oh, she's not a waitress, is she? 
 She's with us. Former FBI. 
 I kind of hope she keeps that accent. 
 These juror backgrounds are very useful, but... this voir dire's gonna be different. 
 These jurors are gonna trust one lawyer more than the other. 
 Ours or theirs. 
 And when do we meet our attorney? 
 We already have. 
 Hey. 
 The judge wrapped his other case early. 
 He wants us to do our voir dire right now. 
 All right. 
 Now, everyone knows everyone in this courthouse, so... it's gonna be weird. 
 Chunk, I'm gonna need your Southern charm. 
 Never leave home without it. 
 Don't forget to tip your waitress. 
 Marissa : You sure about this? 
 Merle's our attorney? 
 We need a bigger halo. 
 Here comes Mr. Popularity himself. 
 Uh, well, I was the runner-up. 
 But, uh, Carl Crenshaw moved to Dallas. 
 People around here don't like it much when you leave. 
 I never realized that you practiced law. 
 Well, mostly estate planning, property law. 
 I did have a sticky probate a few years back. 
 You ever tried a case in front of a jury? 
 Nope. 
 Everybody loves Merle. 
 Which is why we need him. 
 Okay, game faces, everyone. 
 It's not too late to back out. 
 (Bull chuckles) 
 I hate lawyers. 
 All rise. 
 Anyone having matters in the court of Callisto, Texas... 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Louis, save it. Twitter gal said there may be a storm rolling in. 
 Let's go. 
 Judge Albert Darling presiding. 
 Ms. Lindsay, let's get started. 
 Well, Your Honor, I'd first like to acknowledge defense counsel Merle Deavers. 
 Never seen him in court before. 
 It is like seeing a dog drive a tractor. 
 Uh, uh, well, uh, thanks. Uh... and you know, for what it's worth, I had a Labrador that could steer a motorcycle. 
 Now, he had a terrible sense of direction, but, uh, the ride was always fun. 
 All right. Let's get this done. 
 How's your hot water heater working, Mary? 
 Fine, Merle. 
 That thermocoupler you replaced is holding up well. 
 Good, good. 
 Acceptable to defense. 
 Ethan, remind me... 
 You served on two juries last year? 
 Uh, yes, ma'am. Found for the plaintiffs both times. 
 Hmm. 
 Hey, did that calico get out again? 
 No, no, no, she's warming up to the kids. And they love her. 
 Thank you for finding her, Merle. 
 (siren starts wailing) 
 Darling : Oh, shoot. 
 Tornado warning. 
 You got to be kidding me. 
 Darling : All right, everybody, we got to get downstairs. 
 Who's left that thinks they can be impartial? 
 All right, uh, Debbie, Len, uh, Kelly-Anne, Doug... you're all in. I promise we'll get this wrapped up by the weekend, Jerry, so you won't have to cancel that fishing trip. You're in, too. 
 That's our jury. Let's move. 
 Everybody down in the shelter. 
 Come on in. 
 Hey, Bulldog. 
 You played defensive back at Georgia, right? 
 Yeah. Hey, nice memory. 
 A&M. Special teams. 
 Man, I drilled you once. 
 (laughs) 
 How could I forget? 
 What's up, man? 
 Good to see you. 
 Happens all the time. 
 Rarely gets above a category two. 
 I'm sure it'll blow over. 
 Mm. 
 You know, while we're here we could talk about settlement if you want. 
 Doesn't seem an appropriate conversation to have in front of the entire jury. 
 Oh, but you do want to have it? 
 If you would like to discuss your absentee client's position, I'd be happy to. 
 Drinks later? 
 Okay. 
 (both laugh) 
 Cute. (chuckles) 
 Of course I remember. 
 The dispute was over the rights to a piece of farming equipment. 
 Right. 
 It was a money job for you. You weren't emotionally invested. 
 Till you lost. 
 I did not win. 
 Watch out, Dr. Bull, if you come back here to settle some imaginary score. 
 The client needs me. 
 So I'm here. 
 Really? 
 Is that what it takes to get you to come back here... 
 A woman in need? 
 Is there some kind of gravitational force that prevents you from leaving Callisto? 
 Oh. 
 Now, you're thinking about spreading a rumor that I'm gonna pull up stakes and abandon my people. 
 Now, maybe they turn against me? 
 I'm onto your strategy, darlin'. 
 My town, my people... my jury. 
 Now, you better hope your little Angel of Sacred Heart doesn't have a broken wing. 
 What? 
 No, I'm gonna ride the bull. 
 Cable from Cable. 
 She tracked down the participants in Windemere's research study. 
 Took place from '98 to '99 at Hudson University. 
 Kyra, Kerry's little sister, was part of the study. 
 Windemere experimented on her. 
 So they knew each other. 
 Worse. 
 Kerry could have access to every bit of his research, and she never mentioned it. 
 Huh... 
 Our client's no angel. 
 She's a liar. 
 Hmm. 
 To broken wings. 
 I didn't lie. I'm not allowed to talk about my sister and Windemere's research project. It's all... it's all confidential. Under a nondisclosure agreement. 
 You were a kid. 
 You signed a binding legal document? 
 Benny, easy. 
 No, that man promised me he would find a cure for my sister. 
 And he didn't. 
 So I-I finished the job. 
 It'll be viewed as unethical. 
 It's perfectly ethical. 
 Yes, my synthetic clotting factor's identical to his. 
 And yes, I paired it with a protein to replicate the plasma inside the bloodstream, preventing antibodies from rejecting it. 
 And yes, I got that from his research, too. 
 But he didn't put them together. 
 I only got about half of that, but the part I did get is his drug's inferior. Obviousness. 
 Kerry : Thank you. (scoffs) 
 Glad someone gets it. 
 No. The legal issue at play is a term called “obviousness.” 
 Yeah, Windemere's patent covers a combination of the clotting factor and the delivery system. 
 But you can override his patent if it wasn't obvious to put the same elements together in the way that you have. 
 Bull : Obviousness. 
 Of our jury, only Mary, Ethan and Curt have anything past high school chemistry. 
 We'll need to make the science easy to comprehend. 
 All right. 
 Benny, let's find language even an eight-year-old can understand. 
 And start lining up experts who can use those words. Diana loves experts. 
 She'll start with her own. 
 Marissa, mirror jurors? 
 I... 
 Merle, um, help me line them up. 
 All right. 
 Time to get to court. 
 
 
 
 Oh, hey, good morning. 
 Hey, how are you? 
 Morning, Mr. Windemere. 
 Barely recognize Errol Windemere without a suit. 
 Uh, well, Diana did her prep. 
 She knows not to make Windemere look like a Yankee. 
 Chunk : Jeans are a nice touch. 
 Give me your notebook. 
 I've never seen you take notes. 
 Wasn't asking a question. 
 Ready to make my client an offer? 
 How about surrender? 
 We'd accept. 
 (quiet, indistinct chatter) 
 Hey, hey! 
 Bruce, Mitch, Tonya, all y'all in the back row, what are you doing? 
 You don't have any business in my court. 
 Why don't you get out. 
 Don't need any extra bodies in here heating this room up any more than it already is. 
 Good-bye, mirror jury. 
 Darling : All right, then... opening arguments. 
 Patent infringement. 
 Now, it sounds complicated, but this is a simple case. 
 If you leave your truck sitting in your front yard and someone takes it away, well, whose truck is it now? 
 It's still yours. 
 Even if you're not driving it. 
 And that person is a thief. 
 Okay, true. 
 But if I saw your pickup and the garden hose lying next to it and I got inspired to build my own fire truck, and then drove around town putting out fires, now what do you call me? 
 Somebody say hero? 
 Doctor, if you could, please describe hemophilia for us. 
 Hemophiliacs have a lower clotting factor level of blood plasma, or impaired activity of the coagulation factor needed for a normal clotting process. 
 So, does a hemophiliac bleed more intensely than a person without it? 
 No, but they can bleed much longer. 
 Even a minor injury can result in blood loss lasting days or even weeks. 
 Okay. And Mr. Windemere's drug, recognized by United States patent number 6-B 117293, dated August 11, 1999, counteracts this process. 
 It does. 
 His synthetic clotting factor, under certain circumstances, increases the efficacy of coagulation. 
 Diana : Ms. Ketchum's product utilizes the same factor? 
 Yes. 
 So they're the same. 
 Yes. 
 No further questions. 
 Bull? 
 (clears throat) Uh, Your Honor, I don't want to bore our friends in the jury with any more questions for this fella. 
 Appreciated. 
 That's lunch. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 No, oxygen doesn't tell the blood to turn scabby. 
 There's already oxygen in blood. 
 It's blood cells. 
 Every cell does something. 
 That's what those cells do. 
 Marissa : Good thing Danny's getting us all this intel. 
 Don't need a mirror jury if the real jurors talk loud enough. 
 They're not supposed to talk about the case. 
 Be the first jury in history to obey. 
 Hey. 
 Do y'all know how blood clots are formed? 
 When a blood vessel wall breaks, platelets change shape from round to spiny, sticking to the broken vessel wall and each other to plug the break. 
 They interact with other blood proteins to form fibrin strands into a net trapping more platelets and... producing a clot. 
 Danny : Dang, you're pretty smart. 
 You should hear what those folks are coming up with. 
 Good. Their expert failed to teach them. 
 This presents us the opportunity to define the terms. 
 I'd call that a win. 
 Bull : A small one. 
 A big one would be if we can use the whole crooked system against itself. 
 How do you do that? 
 That's what we got to figure out. 
 Diana :  Mr. Windemere, in the time  since you were granted this patent, you've distributed only one version of a hemophilia drug, is that right? 
 Research and development is a complicated and expensive process. 
 When we make a choice, as a company, what matter is what does the most good for the most people. 
 Merle : Your, uh, your suit, claims that you patented all the elements contained in Ms. Ketchum's product. 
 Is-is that right? 
 Windemere : Yes, I did. 
 Merle : You had all the pieces, but you haven't put them together this way yet? 
 That's a simplified way of expressing it, but yes. 
 Like you had a-a-a toaster and a clock, and hadn't squished 'em into one. 
 Sure. If that helps you. 
 Well, yeah. It-it kind of does. 
 Cause I'm holding here, the patent for the first pop-up toaster. 
 And it's not from the inventor of the toaster or the clock. 
 Did you want to contest that one, too? 
 Objection. Argumentative. 
 Sustained. 
 Merle : I'm sorry, but... 
 If you could make what she made, was there any reason to sit on it, presuming that-that your story is true, that-that research and development made it not cost effective, I mean... 
 You're saying it's about the money, while people are literally dying? 
 Your Honor. 
 Merle : I'm sor... 
 I'll leave it at that. 
 Got Danny's report from afternoon break. 
 We are making some inroads. 
 Cable (over speaker) : We shored up Carlos and Franny. 
 Plus Len and Lisa liked what Merle had to say about the toaster. 
 Well, like you said, the science is lost on all, save Mary, Ethan and Curt, who are against us. 
 Marissa : And that's not all the great intel Danny got us. 
 We also know that Diana's halo is still shining brightly on Windemere. 
 And the mind's of Kelly-Anne, Doug, Debbie and Jerry. 
 Sorry, but they prefer her over Merle. 
 They don't see her as the enemy. 
 Maybe we should stop seeing her that way, too. 
 Cable, monitor the weather systems, will you? 
 I'm on it, but I can't predict the weather, Bull. 
 Oh, and I found this. 
 It's a good look. 
 (laughing) 
 You look really good. 
 I-I think we're losing our connection. 
 Hey, don't you dare... 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Mm-hmm, that was nice. 
 Here you go. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah, on special teams, you got to do whatever you can do to stay on the team. 
 Hey. 
 Oh... 
 Is that shirt tailored? 
 Yeah, Chunk's suggestion. 
 The bulky uniform wasn't properly showcasing the guns. 
 Oh. 
 You look good. 
 Put away our weapons? 
 Put something away. 
 (cheering and applause) 
 Bull was a hired gun, but he was damn good. 
 All right, my client was corporate. 
 His client was corporate. 
 But he climbed into the mind of every single one of those jurors. 
 They went to deliberate on a Friday night. 
 I had 'em. 
 But you lost. 
 Well, Monday morning was a different story. 
 Marissa : What happened over the weekend? 
 I couldn't say. 
 And I won't. 
 Mm. 
 Hey, Merle! Line 'em up! 
 Passing the bar. 
 Hey, I would never pass a bar. 
 You ought to know, shots are Merle's Achilles' heel. 
 What did happen that weekend? 
 Yeah, what did happen that weekend? 
 'Cause I was thinking, and if I've got it right, you started dating my sister soon after this case. 
 Mm. 
 This is a good time to get refills. 
 Come on. 
 (sighs) 
 So what about you, huh? 
 You want to go for a walk? 
 Maybe I'll tell you some secrets. 
 I feel deprived of this in the city. 
 Light pollution... it's a terrible plague. 
 Well, I'm sure it has its trade-offs. 
 You've seen all that passes for nightlife around here. 
 Hmm. 
 Why, Ms. Diana, are you trying to take advantage of me? 
 Hmm, the great Dr. Bull? 
 Now, I didn't think that was possible. 
 Last time I was here, I learned a lot. 
 It changed me. 
 Hmm. Not too much. 
 I thought I could win any case in any court. 
 Well, not all cases are decided in a courtroom. 
 After that Friday night, you didn't leave my sight until Sunday morning. 
 Yeah. 
 You wanted to watch football. 
 You wanted to go to church. 
 Monday morning, the whole jury was back on your side. 
 The whole jury was in those pews. 
 If I had said anything to them, that would be tampering. 
 You didn't have to. 
 You sang, didn't you? 
 Hmm. 
 That was supposed to be my secret weapon. 
 I have a secret weapon too. 
 It's not that big of a secret. (laughs) 
 Marissa : Clearly, Diana knew Merle had a weakness for tequila, but there's nothing obvious about cellular chemistry. 
 The jury will glaze over and assume that Windemere knows his business. 
 Unless I find the words to explain science to an eight-year-old. 
 Yeah, I think Bull is losing his mind. 
 He may be losing his mind, or it may just be Callisto. 
 Did you leave the barn open? 
 No. 
 (panting) 
 My laptop's missing. 
 The boxes... our research. 
 Lindsay and Partners took everything. 
 I'll call Bull. 
 They put a move on us. 
 No way that she put one on him, too. 
 No answer. 
 (birds singing) 
 (rooster crows) 
 (groans) 
 (grunts) 
 Oh! 
 (grunts) 
 (groans) 
 (snorts) 
 (mooing) 
 I'm not exactly filled with confidence that you have thousands of lives in your hands. 
 Not to mention my own professional future. 
 That's understandable. 
 But I am in full command. 
 Getting this sloppy was intentional. 
 Oh, wait. It was? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Okay, it was. 
 But the other side stole all of our research and your notebook. 
 I never intended to call some parade of experts. 
 So you wanted this to happen. 
 Everything I wrote in that note pad was to make you look like the Angel of Sacred Heart. 
 You're not gonna do that? 
 Mm-mm. 
 No experts. Just you. 
 Diana's been prepping for experts all night long. 
 Well, half the night. 
 (clears his throat) 
 Benny : Wow. 
 This strudel is fantastic. 
 May I have another one, waitress? 
 Please? 
 (laughs) 
 ♪ Ta-da! ♪ 
 Look what I got. 
 Okay, so you've got pants. 
 What's the rest of your strategy? 
 Bull : Part one... 
 I'm gonna show your deep frustration with Windemere. 
 And we show how much you love your sister and how those two things helped you accomplish something he never could. 
 Part two... you may recall Windemere stated that he didn't change the drug for 17 years because of cost. 
 Four of our jurors sided with you because they saw him as more interested in financial gain than saving lives. 
 But to reach the rest of the jury, you need to beat him with your science. 
 How? 
 Nerd up. 
 Well, what about explaining the science? 
 Benny's working on it. 
 Whoa! Oh, what is in this thing?! 
 Eggs, flour, water, apples and sugar. 
 No. I mean, what is the magic recipe? 
 'Cause however it's put together... 
 It is the perfect hangover cure. 
 I'm gonna take this to go. 
 Marissa, with me. 
 Waitress, strudel for everywhere? 
 Well, all right. 
 Bull : It was a big night. 
 So the people were hungry, and this is all they had. 
 So the guy took an apple and the water, and he made apple juice, which was okay. 
 But the people were still hungry. 
 So she took all of these ingredients and made this. 
 And the people were full. 
 So it's not just about making a good strudel. 
 Boy : What you're saying is he wanted to save money, but she wanted to save lives. 
 Marissa : I think they got it. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (chuckles) Nice pants. 
 So, it's a  grandísimo  kind of morning, huh? 
 Don't you worry. I'm gonna rip your little cavalcade of so-called experts to pieces. 
 Where are they? 
 Mmm. 
 We only have one. 
 Merle : Ms. Ketchum, is it true that your sister was a participant in Mr. Windemere's research study? 
 Yes, and I followed his career since I was a kid. 
 He inspired me to create this cure. 
 Merle : How did he inspire you? 
 By failing. 
 My sister tried his drug. 
 Hell, he used her blood, my own sister's blood, to experiment. 
 And you were a witness to this? 
 You know how scary it is, watching your baby sister, four years old, giving blood, when she's a hemophiliac? 
 His drug worked for a little while, but... then her body got used to it and it wouldn't work anymore. 
 It took me years, but I figured out how to make it keep working. 
 Using the same ingredients? 
 There's a million ways to combine flour, water, eggs, apples and sugar. 
 But only one method works like the strudel at the diner. 
 So you're saying that you're a better cook than Errol Windemere? 
 I'm a scientist. 
 Unlike Mr. Windemere, I don't consider cost when I'm trying to save a life. 
 Merle : No further questions. 
 How did you do it? 
 I don't understand the question. Well, you claim to be an expert. 
 A better scientist than Mr. Windemere. 
 So you should be able to explain the process. 
 How'd you do it? 
 No. 
 I'm not telling you. 
 He knows the recipe, and he still can't make it work. 
 I'm not gonna let you sucker me into giving away my trade secrets. 
 You're-you're here saying you're entitled to 20 years to figure it out. 
 That's 20 years of people dying, while also claiming it's obvious. 
 Obviously, it's not obvious. You have no right! 
 You have no brains! 
 You stole my work! 
 You gave up on my sister! 
 All right, all right, all right. 
 Let's take a recess. 
 Everybody cool off. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 So, Kelly-Anne and Doug apparently saw Diana toss a look to the judge. 
 Thought it was cheating. 
 That makes it six to six. 
 But, uh, Debbie, Curt, and Lisa all wanted to hear the rest of the argument. 
 They won't be moved without it. 
 So we're winning on merits, but we're still losing. 
 Marissa : All the holdouts want to know if Kerry's right about Windemere's science. 
 Do we put him back on the stand? 
 Benny : Yeah, we could, but we don't know if he's right or wrong. 
 Without drowning the jury in those technical terms, there's only one person who can actually speak his language. Jury needs to hear Kerry sing. 
 Judge isn't gonna let her rip into Windemere again though. 
 And Diana's not gonna let him fall for it again. 
 These are good people. They just need to be convinced. 
 Marissa : I just don't know how we get any more points on the board in that courtroom. 
 Maybe we can't. 
 But we can still win. 
 I'm having fewer regrets about not making the trip down. 
 It's tough to see you like this. 
 I prefer this. 
 (chuckles) 
 Yeah. 
 (chuckles) 
 Well, it's time to play the ace in the hole. 
 Oh, yeah? What's that? 
 You. 
 Pretty sure most of it's legal. 
 But, then again, I'm not a lawyer. 
 Thank you, Chunk. 
 Well, where's the rest of your crew? 
 Packing up. Long trip home. 
 Don't tell me you're conceding defeat. 
 You could still win. 
 It'd take a miracle. 
 When you get the chance... And you will get the chance... 
 You know what to do. 
 (door opens) 
 The Honorable Judge Albert Darling. 
 Darling : All right. 
 Let's close this thing up. 
 Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, this case is pretty simple. 
 Errol Windemere owns a 20-year pa... 
 (phone beeping, buzzing) 
 I'm sorry. 
 And it's only been 17 years. 
 (phones chiming, buzzing) 
 Darling : Uh, shoot, there's a storm coming in. 
 Wrap it up, Counselor. 
 You know me. 
 I know Errol Windemere. 
 I vouch for him. 
 Darling : Merle. 
 Merle. 
 Uh... 
 Uh, well, Your Honor, uh... 
 (alarm blaring) 
 Darling : Okay. Put a pin in this. 
 Let's go. 
 Jury, everybody, let's get down to the shelter. 
 (alarm continues blaring) 
 Don't be shy. Come on in. 
 Plaintiff and Defendant, in here. 
 (alarm blaring in distance) 
 Go get inside, you dummy. There's a tornado coming. 
 Is there? 
 Yeah. I mean, it's lit up all over social media. 
 Look, they're tweeting about it a town over. 
 Once again, there's a severe tornado warning issued for all of Callisto. 
 While everyone in Callisto should immediately find shelter, a tornado watch has been issued for neighboring counties. 
 (chuckles) I feel for you, folks. 
 Ah. 
 (alarm continues blaring) 
 You don't know how to do what I did. 
 Your patent comes up short, and I'll bet my sister's life this jury will see that. 
 How is Kyra? 
 What happened? 
 I really do care about her, you know. 
 She was pulling a shirt over her head and walked through a plate glass sliding door. 
 She thought it was open. 
 12 stitches. She thinks it's gonna be a cool scar. 
 (sighs) 
 I wish I could have made it last forever, instead of just temporarily. 
 You were close. 
 Started with your individualized protein methodology. 
 Had to bond it with factor VIII. 
 How? Did you separate the platelets from the plasma? 
 Well, first, I produced platelet-rich plasma through differential centrifugation, adjusting the acceleration force to sediment the cellular constituents. 
 But a second centrifugation concentrates the platelets in the smallest final plasma volume, leaving the platelets... 
 The platelets in near-to-perfect isolation. 
 Yes. 
 Kerry : That's the step you missed. 
 That's what kept my sister alive. 
 Windemere : With all the time and money in the world, I wouldn't have figured that out. 
 (sighs) 
 Very impressive. Nice work. 
 I can move for a mistrial. 
 I doubt the court will spend another week on this. 
 Darling : All right, everyone, seemed like another false alarm. Let's get back to it. 
 Merle, you're up. 
 (whispering): I want to drop the suit. 
 Diana : You're sure? Yes. 
 Your Honor, my client would like to withdraw the suit. 
 (murmuring) 
 Are you kidding me, Counselor? 
 No, Your Honor. He's changed his position regarding the patent. 
 Okay. Apologies to the jury. 
 Wasn't a complete waste of time. You each made ten dollars a day. 
 We are adjourned. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 Jerry, go fishing. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 That's it? 
 He's not gonna stop me from making my drug? 
 It's over. You won. 
 (chuckles) 
 (grunts) Congratulations. 
 Merle, Bender, Lindsay & Partners may have the plaintiff's side all shored up, but there's a lot of defendants out there who could use your services. 
 You know, that's not a bad idea, JB. 
 Congratulations. 
 Well, you may not be able to sing but... sure can make it rain. 
 Pair of pants come with this? 
 (chuckles) 
 Callisto. 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ I'm in a small-town world... ♪ 
 Let me get this straight. 
 You're mad because you couldn't get the jury to officially find in our favor? 
 Let me clarify, I'm not mad. I'm merely disappointed. 
 And there's a difference. 
 Marissa : Let's be honest, the reason you're not satisfied is because Diana didn't call it a win. 
 Ooh... 
 Ooh... 
 Bull : All right, it's a win. 
 With an asterisk. 
 After the first time you, quote, "didn't lose in Callisto," how'd you pull out of your tailspin? 
 Benny : Wait a minute, don't tell me my sister was your Callisto rebound. 
 Not exactly. 
 I went down there a lone wolf who'd never lost a case. 
 But I had forgotten why I got into this business in the first place. 
 And, no, it wasn't the money. 
 It was people. 
 Because you can't take on the world all alone. 
 And so I sought people I could trust. 
 People like your sister. 
 And you guys. 
 This team. 
 And clients I could believe in. 
 That's what I learned. 
 Cable : Oh. 
 I thought you lost in Callisto 'cause of this. 
 Benny : Oh, hello! 
 Chunk : Oh! (chuckling) 
 Wow. 
 (laughter) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 