Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Stockholm Syndrome - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Stockholm Syndrome https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=30727 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/17 14:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Stockholm Syndrome 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You asking me if I ever had a gun to my head? 
 [Chuckles] Which time? 
 No, this never happen to me. 
 It was surprising. I'd never been so calm in all my life. 
 I threw my wallet at the guy and ran away. 
 I remember that it happened, but I can't tell you anything about it, except I can describe the gun down to the scratch on the barrel. 
 Gun to your head, what would you do? 
 Kept hearing those words. 
 I thought it was a great opportunity. 
 After all, crisis reveals character. 
 ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪ 
 Chunk : Good morning, everyone. 
 Hi, uh, I'm Chunk Palmer. 
 I'll be your liaison for the day. 
 We here at TAC are aware that you have many options of how you spend your time, and we appreciate you spending it with us. 
 You all have been carefully selected to participate in today's mock jury. 
 It's an opportunity to express your thoughts and feel... 
 Smells good. What is that, coffee? 
 I miss coffee so much. 
 There's a little left if you want some. 
 Oh, you're sweet, but, uh, it's not good for my ticker. 
 I got a heart thing. 
 Chunk : ... all for $200 a day and a hot lunch. 
 [Mock jurors chuckle] 
 So, uh, please, let's get out of this rain. 
 Please follow me. 
 ♪ I get a little bit Genghis Khan... ♪ 
 Chunk : As we proceed through the security checkpoint, if you look to your left, you might catch a glimpse of one of our analysts in their natural habitat. 
 The indispensable TAC employees, Cable McCrory and Danny James. 
 Hi, everyone. 
 I always wanted to be in one of these focus groups. 
 I mean, I'm not a white male aged 18 to 49, but I remember what I liked when I was. 
 Before we settle in to our new home in mock court, now might be a good time for a bathroom break. 
 ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪  Ooh With nobody else but me ♪ 
 ♪  Ooh  ♪ 
♪  Ooh.  ♪ 
 Chunk : Ladies and gentlemen, this is the talented and delightful, Marissa Morgan. 
 You can't hide anything from Marissa, but why would you? 
 [Chuckles] 
 Any bit of information about yourself that you've left online or a scrap of paper, Marissa can use it to make a motivational matrix for each of you. 
 Thank you, Chunk. 
 Hi, everyone. 
 I promise this is not an invasive process. 
 Now, you will be hearing presentations by our in-house attorney, Benny Colón. 
 Oh, don't listen to a word she says. 
 She used to work for the government. 
 Mind-control specialist. 
 [Jurors laugh] 
 We will be interviewing some, if not all of you, for your responses. 
 Now, this will help give us a better sense of how the real jury will respond. 
 We will also be measuring your biometrics, using these wrist monitors. 
 Mind-control devices. 
 Marissa : They record your heart rate, skin temperature, perspiration levels, and other factors that indicate your emotional state in real time. 
 To make you more pliable. 
 And as you can tell, it hasn't worked on Benny at all. 
 [Jurors chuckle] 
 Laurel Guthrie, you are juror number 18. 
 Please find your seat. 
 All right, everyone, you are the jurors. 
 There are no wrong answers. 
 Are there right ones? 
 If you don't like what Benny says, we would like to know that. 
 If you don't like how Benny says things, well, we might agree with you. 
 If you don't like the way Benny looks. 
 Hey, hey. 
 ... then that is on Chunk because he picked out this suit. 
 [Jurors chuckle] 
 We do what we can. 
 All right. We're good to go. 
 Just need the guy with the glasses. 
 So, uh, Bull, I am in no way questioning what we are all doing here. 
 Ah, what are we doing here? 
 The ancient druids believed that, uh, our souls were immortal, and that these physical vessels were only temporary. 
 Of course there are others believe that we are just projections in a simulated universe, characters in a video game. 
 I wasn't speaking so existentially. 
 Oh, okay. 
 I just want to let you know I am happy to be spending my time digging up dirt on a scumbag CEO who's being sued by our scumbag COO because they're fighting over their business. 
 You have a firm grasp on this case. Excellent. 
 I just want to be clear. 
 One of these high-dollar cases pays for a dozen where the client is in need and deserves our help. 
 I'm responsible for everyone in this building, Danny. 
 And according to the lease, the building itself. 
 Noted. 
 Thank you. 
 Marissa : Okay, you two, we're locked and loaded. 
 What's the question of the day, Bull? 
 Well, it's gonna be a good one. 
 Benny : Oh, come on. 
 Please, no. 
 Bull : Yeah. 
 Is a hot dog a sandwich? 
 This could get out of control in a hurry. 
 It's perfect. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Ask the question, please, Benny. 
 It's not two slices of bread. 
 Okay? It's just not. 
 Anyway, I have a question about my opening argument. 
 It violates my five-minute rule. 
 I really would like to cut the following four paragraphs. 
 Bull : Hold on, Benny. 
 What's going on with mock juror 18, Marissa? 
 Marissa : Uh... 
 Laurel Guthrie. 
 Age 34. 
 She's from Fort Greene, Brooklyn. 
 Heart rate accelerating. 
 Respiration's increasing. 
 Benny : She's pretty fidgety. 
 She seems really nervous. 
 Everybody down! 
 [People shouting] 
 [Alarm blaring] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [People screaming] 
 Okay. 
 [Coughs] 
 Everybody, calm down. 
 Calm down. 
 Is anybody hurt? 
 [Coughing] 
 Marissa? Are you okay? 
 I'm okay. 
 [Pants] 
 I think it's just from the dust. 
 Chunk : You're okay. 
 She's okay. [Coughs] 
 Cable [over comms] : Guys. 
 Hi, can you hear me in there? 
 [Blows] 
 Is anyone on? 
 Bull : We're here, Cable. Status check. 
 Cable : Just a few minor injuries, but the corridor caved in. 
 Cable : What in the hell? 
 What do you think? 
 I don't know. 
 Laurel : Nobody move! 
 Nobody move! 
 [Jurors scream] 
 Juror : She's got a gun! 
 Call 911. 
 Okay. 
 Laurel. 
 [Jurors screaming] 
 Laurel. 
 Listen to me, Laurel. 
 Everybody stay down on the ground. 
 Bull : Hey, if you're gonna pull a gun in my courtroom, you're gonna point it at me and no one else. 
 Understood? 
 Here. 
 You know the layout to my building. 
 You found a way to be a part of the mock jury, and you smuggled in what looks like a 3D-printed firearm, to get past the metal detector, and you fabricated an explosive device. 
 But there's nothing in our background profile on you that would indicate you're a violent person. 
 You don't know anything about me! 
 All right. 
 Then why don't you tell me? 
 You're all right. 
 [Jurors whispering, whimpering] 
 You need to relax. 
 You've done a lot of planning to get to this moment. 
 I know it's important to you. 
 Tell us why. 
 My husband. 
 You have to get my husband out of jail. 
 Bull : Okay. 
 Then talk to us. 
 We're all listening. 
 Aren't we? 
 I read you, Bull. 
 Pulling up everything I can find on him now. 
 Okay, her husband's name is Gordon Guthrie, 42, formerly of Fort Greene, Brooklyn, presently five years into a 15-year sentence. 
 He copped to it, Bull. 
 Entered a guilty plea. 
 They-They owned and operated a small pharmacy. 
 Everybody, get over there. 
 Okay. Take it easy, Laurel. 
 [People moaning, muttering] 
 It's gonna be all right. 
 Just relax. 
 [Jurors muttering] 
 Let's just do everything she says. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Our records indicate that you're a pharmacist. 
 I was. 
 We lost the pharmacy. 
 We lost everything. 
 Not your skills. 
 Explosives are basic chemistry. 
 It may be simple science, but the motivation is pretty complex. 
 You've got my attention. 
 Look, I've done everything the right way. 
 Studied the law for five years. 
 Pursued every legal means to get him free. 
 Bull : But he pled guilty. 
 There's no grounds for appeal. 
 No, no, no, the motion to reopen the case would have to come from the DA's office. 
 [Chuckling]: Okay. 
 And that... is what you want... to get me to do. 
 Yeah. 
 I see. 
 Do you know there's a psychology behind bomb-making, Laurel? 
 It's interesting. 
 It's about control. 
 You feel disenfranchised. 
 The legal system took your voice away. 
 But you didn't blow up a courthouse... or a jail. 
 You came here, and you focused your rage on this very specific, hopefully nonlethal means of solving your problem. 
 I'm not here to kill anyone. 
 I hope you mean that. 
 Look at all these people. 
 They're scared. 
 I mean, you're scaring them, Laurel. 
 I need to know that they are not in danger. 
 You understand that? That's my responsibility. 
 Look at me. 
 Do we understand each other? 
 Yeah. 
 Now... tell me about this case. 
 So, there were some discrepancies in the FDA-mandated opioid prescription reporting, but it could've just been a mistake by our bookkeeper. 
 And what was his name? 
 Donovan Snell. 
 But the prosecutor, Weinsbach, claimed that my Gordon, my quiet, bookish Gordon who loved nothing more than watching old movies, doing crossword puzzles and gardening... 
 Dude sounds like he's 80. 
 Dude. 
 ... that he was a neighborhood drug dealer. 
 And that he got into a turf war with actual drug dealers, Tommy and Bobby Vega. 
 And then he said that Gordon killed Tommy in a drug deal gone wrong. 
 I know this case. 
 What? 
 They had no evidence. None. 
 Just an unimpeachable undercover source working the case, and they swore that this source witnessed Gordon come in and pull the trigger against Tommy Vega and murder him. 
 And you never got to hear his testimony in open court? 
 No. 
 He took a plea deal. 
 He never got a chance to confront his accuser. 
 Well, they shouldn't have done that. 
 They railroaded him. 
 Laurel : It's just a game to them, and they rig the rules against people like us. 
 Your husband deserved a fair trial, an outcome determined by a jury of his peers. 
 I learned about you. 
 You deliver jury verdicts. 
 I would've taken this case just based on its merits. 
 You didn't even take my calls. 
 Stand back, stand back. 
 Get back, please. 
 Let's go, let's go. 
 A few more units are on the way. 
 Let's go. 
 Set up a perimeter around the block. No one enters the building. Clear and secure all floors. Let's go! Guys. Guys, I got video. Cable, you okay? Lieutenant Tharder. We've got 25 people trapped in there, being held hostage at gunpoint. Male or female? Female, early 30s and agitated. Clear all non-essential personnel. You got comms inside with the terrorist? Can I talk to her? Bull seems to be doing most of the negotiating. You did take his weekend seminar, didn't you? Alternative techniques to negotiation. What approach is he using to establish rapport? Whatever it is, it seems to be working. What this comes down to, Laurel, is a case of mistaken identity. We spend so much time worrying about how others perceive us. How we dress, how we speak, how we look. Why? To build trust. To be seen. The DA didn't see your husband in court. That's clear. Just like these people. These frightened, confused people, they don't really see you right now. They see a woman with a gun. But I see you. I do. And I know you're a good person. I want to help you. You will help me. Not under duress I won't. Why today, specifically? Why did you choose this day to do all of this? They're transferring my husband today. To the same prison as Bobby Vega. It's a death sentence. And you want me to save him in a day? Yes. Once you know the lie, you can make a call to the ADA Have them put a halt on the transfer, and then just re-open the case. That's a lot to ask. Then what? They bluffed him into copping that plea. Gordon and I were inseparable. We lived together, we worked together. We kept no secrets from each other. They got the wrong man. And this witness, this source... she's the one who put the gun to my husband's head. Laurel, I told you not to point that gun at anyone in this room but me. I searched five years to find out the name of the FBI agent that they used to play games with my husband's life. Special Agent Danielle James. Reporters [overlapping] : Absolutely no one has been... At this point, there are no confirmed deaths, though we do not know the extent of the injuries or the number of people involved. NYPD has confirmed an explosion on the 22nd floor in the offices of the Trial Analysis Corporation. Bomb squad personnel is in the building. We're told this is a domestic act. More details to come as events unfold. Laurel, let me tell you what we're gonna do. You're gonna tell me? You are gonna get what you need, but you are not gonna get what you asked for. I'm not getting on the phone, I'm not making any demands for you. I am not asking anyone for anything on your behalf. But I will take your case, and I will also take that gun right now. That's the deal. No. The gun, it's the only reason you're listening. No, I'm listening because I'm interested. I'm curious to know the truth here, and I'm curious about Danny's testimony on the stand. But the gun is getting in the way. Now, you have a choice. You can never pull that trigger, in which case this is sort of a silly, tiresome pose... Or? Or you can pull the trigger, and something unspeakable happens. And I think we both know that's not an option. What do you mean? The firing pin on these 3D-printed firearms is notoriously unreliable. By the looks of it, chemistry may be your specialty, but engineering isn't. Give me the gun... and you will get everything you came here for. [Tense music] It's okay. [Relieved murmurs] [Robot treads whirring] He got her to give him the gun. I'll be damned. Move ahead with the sweep. There's already been a detonation. We're not gonna assume there aren't any other devices. Bull could just ask her. We're not gonna take the word of someone who takes hostages. I don't believe that place is secure until that thing tells me it is. It looks like there's structural damage from the blast. They're trapped behind a collapsed structural beam. Cutting through may be the only option. Here you go. Chunk : Here, take one of these. These will help with the dust. Yeah, I'm okay. We're stuck in this mock courtroom. Hey, can we get out of here? We're clearing the area, Mr. Colón. Please stay back until we've completed our assessment. Bull : They're not gonna find any other explosives. Maybe not. Before the bomb went off, her heart rate and breathing were red-lining. Now she is strangely calm. Bull : All the nervousness and anxiety of anticipation is all gone now. She's just sad, and hoping we can help her. Hey, Cable, how long do they estimate it'll take to get us out of here? Lieutenant Tharder says about an hour, but I'm not supposed to tell you that. Something about S.O.P. Bull : Okay. I'm gonna make use of it. Let's do a mock trial. Benny : You weren't just trying to talk her down. You legitimately want to work her case. At this point, it's really not a big difference from how we were gonna spend our day. Okay, are you in shock? You need medical attention? You okay? Yeah. I remember her husband's case. I was undercover for months trying to nail the Vega brothers. I was in the next room the night Gordon Guthrie showed up. You comfortable talking about it? I just did. We're talking about whether a man goes away for murder. I might have a few more questions. Such as? You said you were in the next room. How come the assailant didn't see you? What was your state of mind? What were you doing? When was the last time you slept? Was your view obstructed? Maybe, most importantly, how come you didn't testify? It wasn't my decision. You'd have to ask that idiot ADA Weinsbach. Hey, you still on speaking terms with Carey Weinsbach? Yeah. Want me to dig? Well, we either dig into this, or we start digging into that barricade. Working a case in a sealed-off room with the possibility of an undetonated ordnance. That'll be relaxing. There is no further threat here. Except for claustrophobia. And it would benefit everyone to take their minds elsewhere. She blew up the room and held them all at gunpoint. Come on, Bull, you can't reward her. I'm not looking to reward bad behavior. I'm looking to help everyone through a traumatic event. And if, in the process, we can assist this damaged and distraught young woman, and give her the trial she never had, that's good, too. You're already prosecuting the case. I was thinking of starting with the defense. But you can prosecute. Right. Hey, Marissa, do you think, with a bare-bones evaluation of their behavioral tendencies, you can empanel a full jury? With an appeal towards curiosity, an established interest in participating in the judicial process, and the fact there's nothing else to do here, uh, maybe nine. If you bribe 'em, I'll take the over. If you're right, you get to be the judge. Oh, my God. You guys are insane. Are you actually re-running the trial? We're stuck here. Danny, you wanted to try a case with meaning today. Let's make it meaningful. Everybody, if I could have everyone's attention, please. On behalf of everyone here at TAC, I'd like to apologize for your inconvenience today. [Weak laughter] The authorities have assured us that they'll have us out of here in an hour or so. I know you got more than you bargained for today. You thought you were gonna be on a mock jury. [Jurors murmuring] What if we tried a real case? And by the time we're done, we'll be out of here. What the hell are you talking about? Chunk : Obviously, if anyone doesn't want to participate, they're free to sit out. But for the curious, Benny Colón will be re-trying her husband, Gordon Guthrie, who was incarcerated five years ago on murder charges. For the defense, Dr. Jason Bull. And the lovely and loquacious Honorable Chunk Palmer presiding. [Laughter] Chunk : This is a chance to determine whether or not Laurel Guthrie was unjustly driven to desperate violence by a corrupt legal system. You'll not only have the chance to provide answers for her husband, whose life hangs in the balance, you'll also be empowered to render justice on her actions toward every innocent person in this room. That's absurd. Why would we do crap for her? Bull : I'm gonna sweeten the pot. A thousand dollars danger pay to anyone who participates. Can I see a show of hands? [Jurors whispering] What else you gonna do? I'm in. Woman : Yep. Woman 2 : Sure. Man : What the hell. I'm in. Woman 3 :  Man 2 : I'm in. Me, too. Me, three. Marissa : Looks like we have a jury. Court is in session. Please re-take your seats. Good luck, Counselor. Your Honor. 
 
 Mr. Weinsbach, thanks for getting back. Well, you contacted me through my office, land line, unlisted cell, and three relatives, so I turned on the news. They're saying a bomb already went off. Is everyone okay? Uh... it's a fluid situation. We need electronic copies of the court recordings and transcripts of a five-year-old case. State of New York. Gordon Guthrie. Okay, I remember it. I'll send what I've got. Great. I also may need your help pulling some strings so I can jack into the D.O.C. security cameras. No visual on any undetonated ordnance yet. We're gonna have to carefully extract piece by piece. My God, what a mess. I'll get it started. Who's that? Um... Oh, a colleague of Marissa's. I'll transfer you now. Hey, can I play with the robot? No. Marissa, it's Carey Weinsbach. Yeah, I know, Counselor. It's video, I can see. Uh, are you all right? Hoping you can provide some details we're missing on the Guthrie case. What is going on there? We're about to start voir dire right now, hang on a second. Did you say voir... Benny : Shall we address the elephant in the room? We can all hear the sounds of rescue workers on the other side of that pile. Men and women in uniform fighting to rescue us. Who here doesn't trust the police? Move to strike, Your Honor. Yeah, you two are out. Please go ahead, Counselor. He's emphasizing trust of the uniform. Means he's putting your testimony at the center of his case. That's how it should be. There's nothing else. Well, he's gonna need to stack the jury with people who have family in the military, police or the FDNY. Jurors three, seven, nine, and 17 all fit the bill. I'll tell him. Marissa : Oh, Mr. Weinsbach. [Monitor beeps] Weinsbach : I just saw Danny James. Would you tell her I'm sorry? About what? We all experienced a trauma today. I have to admit, when I heard the first explosion, I thought I was dead. When I heard the second one, I was at least happy to know I was alive. I don't know if we all had the same experience. Who thought the first explosion was the loudest? I see. And the second? Hmm. And does anyone here think there was only one explosion? Move to strike, Your Honor. You are excused. Bull : Thank you. There was only one explosion. Yet no one on our jury is sure of that. They're all hearing the second one in their heads already. Reconstructive recollection, Bull? This case hinges on memory. Memories can be altered. By time, by repetition, by any number of factors. You want a jury who trusts Danny and her memory. And I want a jury who trusts neither Danny, nor her memory. Transcripts and court recordings from the trial have been downloaded. Why do you look nervous? I also spoke to Benny's friend at the DA's office. According to the transcripts, he was three days into the trial before he offered the plea deal. I just want to know why he offered a deal at all if he had Danny's testimony. He believed it was compromised. Bull? You are going to need to tread lightly here. Why is that? While she was under, Danny's handler at the Bureau told the ADA that she missed multiple check-ins, including scheduled drug tests. Danny went native? They never got any proof. Well, if the defense got a hold of that, they would have ripped her apart on the stand. No, Danny would never. She left the FBI not long after this case. Cable : Speaking of Gordon Guthrie, it took some doing, but I finally got the live feed, Bull. At Rikers Correctional, Laurel's husband. It's coming up now. Oh, thank you, Cable. I want to get a look at this guy. Benny : This Guthrie? He looks like a minnow about to be fed to the sharks. Bull : The look of a wrongly convicted man on his way to an unjust end. Because of a corrupt FBI agent, who subsequently quit the Bureau. Bull, you know that's not who Danny is. Driving a peaceful woman to an act of madness, making prisoners of us all, in order to get her husband the trial he was denied. Don't say it. Bull : That's how I'll depict Danny. The best narrative wins the case. But only the truth will set us free. While it seems the threat inside has been neutralized, the bomb squad is not taking any chances. A unit is securing the building. Keep in mind, at least 20 people are still trapped inside the TAC offices, in what we're told has been an unconventional negotiation. So, you gonna put me on the stand? Don't mock mock court. Benny, this is ridiculous. I prefer Bull passionate, not fanatical. ADA Weinsbach had some reservations about your testimony. You know what? I was undercover on Tommy Vega for months, man. You know what he liked? Guns, drugs, paranoia. You know what he didn't like? Sleep. So if I didn't come up to meet my handler, I had a damn good reason. I believe you. And I believe that the jury will, too. Guthrie should've gotten life. Instead, he got a deal. And my time under got burned. I did my job. Show that passion on the stand and nothing will stop you. Nothing? [Saw whirring] All right, come to order. Now, the original trial lasted for three days of testimony before a plea bargain was reached. We'll be reading parts of the transcript from the original trial with the help of a few of our volunteers that you guys struck from the jury. Dr. Valeron, you will be reading the role of an expert in the distribution of pharmaceuticals. Could you tell us about opioid manufacturing and distribution? In typical pharmacies, individual pills can be tracked in quantity and Schedule II narcotics are stored in a safe. However, Mr. Guthrie ran a compounding pharmacy where he received bulk quantities of components that could be mixed to various strengths. Chunk : That makes it more difficult to track specific amounts. Yes. Laurel : Now, we logged everything. It was our own bookkeeper who brought the discrepancies to our attention. Natalia : The numbers did not add up. I had been the bookkeeper at Guthrie's Pharmacy for seven years. Chunk : And you spotted discrepancies in the opioid register and brought it to the authorities? Natalia : Yes, there were more prescriptions being filed than actual customers coming into the store. And this led you to believe the prescriptions were being falsified? Objection. Leading. That's not in the script. Bull : It should have been. If Guthrie had a good lawyer. Objection. Argumentative. Against who? The defense lawyer is not here to defend himself. Well, you're defending him poorly. This is where I bang the gavel. You were the arresting officer who took Mr. Guthrie into custody? Yes. I've been a detective with the NYPD for 19 years. I was analyzing the paper trail that ran through Guthrie Pharmacy when Tommy Vega was murdered. They kicked our door in during dinner. They dragged Gordon out screaming, he was terrified. [Gavel bangs] Benny : Special Agent James... Bull : Objection. She's no longer FBI, she quit. Benny : She was when the events took place. What are we, time traveling now? No. We're in a farcical, made-up universe of your own design. What, no one else is allowed to make up rules? Objection. Your Honor, I believe he's ridiculing your court. Gavel. I will use it. Go on, Counselor. Benny : Ms. James, you were a decorated agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for over 12 years; you put your life on the line a countless amount of times, including going undercover. When you were assigned to Tommy Vega, how did you get close to him? It was my job. The supreme challenge of undercover work is not pretending. I had to find honesty in the legend I'd created for myself. Vega was a frightening and intimidating man. I simply allowed a part of myself to find that attractive. Now, the night of Tommy Vega's murder, what did you see? I was alone with Tommy Vega in his apartment. He said he had a supplier coming to see him and that he had some business to do. So I excused myself to the adjoining bathroom, where I kept watch through a crack. Vega then buzzed in his contact and as soon as the door opened, there was an immediate gunshot. Vega was shot without a word? Yes. The assailant stepped into the apartment and fired two more shots into Vega, who was still on the ground. Benny : And that's when you got a clear look at him? It was Gordon Guthrie. Benny : Had you known Mr. Guthrie previously? Danny : He was on my radar as a low-level supplier of pharmaceutical grade narcotics. No. Benny : You're positive? Not a doubt in my mind. Marissa :  According to the jury scoreboard,  it's 12 to zero against Gordon. Benny : Mm. Well, Bull, I don't need to know the score to know you're getting smoked. You did a nice job teeing Danny up. But don't celebrate yet. A decent cross will tear her apart. You think I'm unreliable? This jury won't believe a word you said when I'm done with you. Bull? This professional... Marissa : Bull? ... by the book version of you will crumble. Bring it on. Benny : If this is you as a lawyer, it's not hard to see why you hate lawyers. You should've gotten out in front of it, Benny. Out in front of what? Bull, think twice about what you're gonna do to Danny. Bull : I have. Danny needs to resolve her past. I'm going to attack her. And it's gonna help. How big was this opening in the bathroom door? Big enough. I was able to see through about a one-inch opening where the door didn't quite close. Bull : One inch? So you got one eye in there. The other one was shut? Yes. Bull : That'll play with your depth perception. So this five-year-old memory you have of the event, you're aware that memories can be altered, right? Because when you remember something, you're just bringing up an encoded copy of the event, not the actual event itself. For instance, our jury this morning thought they heard two explosions, but there was only one. That's not possible, because I know what I saw. Bull : Ah, and that's what I want to talk about. What I was just describing is a healthy brain remembering. What kind of pharmaceuticals did you see being consumed on site? Hydrocodone, oxycodone, codeine, and several designer psychedelics. And did you take any of these pharmaceuticals? I can't say. Bull : Ah. Now, your role undercover with the Vegas was to be something of a groupie, right? And that would have meant doing drugs. Otherwise, they would have been suspicious of you. So I'll ask again. What drugs did you do that night? What are you doing? I'm asking you a simple and relevant question. Would you answer it, please? [Exhales forcefully] It's called 2C-B. [Jurors murmuring] Bull : That's a Schedule I narcotic with hallucinogenic properties. Surely, the FBI didn't expect you to take that drug. Couldn't you have just faked it? Vega put it in our drinks. Then I followed protocol, which was to induce vomiting. Bull : Protocol? You followed protocol? Well, you didn't check in with your handler, I think that was protocol. Maybe you were just too high. And since the ADA didn't trust you, I'm kind of wondering why should this court trust you? I don't care. Okay? I don't care if that woman believes me, either. I am not her social worker, Bull. She needs real help. Not whatever the hell it is you think you're doing here. So you're gonna quit again? This isn't real, Bull. When I found you, you left the FBI under suspicious circumstances. Nobody trusted you. I've told you what happened to Tommy Vega. Now I've told you twice. If you don't believe me, that's on you. You didn't tell me before today. You never asked! Maybe I should've set off a bomb to get your attention. Then maybe you'd trust me. [Sighs] Danny : Cable. How much longer? I can't take this. 'Cause otherwise, I'm coming out. I don't care if I have to walk through jagged metal. Um... That's not advisable. They're still removing debris. You got to get me out of here. I am trapped in here with a crazy person. Tharder : I thought Bull had it under control. He's the one I'm talking about. Marissa : Ten to two in your favor. Way to go. All you had to do was destroy your relationship with Danny. Laurel's getting a verdict, Marissa. It's not a real verdict. It doesn't mean anything. Yes, it does. Benny! You were pretty rough on Danny up there. I'm gonna have to clean it up on the redirect. I need something from you. The redirect. We're gonna need to put a pin in that. At least for now. Bull : I know it's been a long day, but it's important to remind everyone this is about the life of a human being. Ms. Guthrie, you never got the chance to testify on your husband's behalf during the original trial. What would you like us to know about him? Gordon's a good man. We met in school. He was very studious and he took his classes seriously. He asked me to study with him and we've been together ever since. Until five years ago. Yes. We lived together. We worked together. We were never out of each others' sight. Never? He would go for a walk most nights. He likes the cold air. Bull :  Do you miss him? Laurel :  Yes. Bull :  And since he was dragged away...  Man : Welcome to Rikers. Guard : Bobby Vega, get back in your cell. [Laughs] Bull :  ... you have been totally alone. With only your worst fears to keep you company. Yes. Benny :  And that's why you set off a bomb  in a room full of innocent people? I'm sorry. Okay? I am so sorry. But I need help. Gordon needs help. And I didn't know where else to get it from. They're gonna kill him. I never meant to hurt anybody. You're willing to give up your freedom to win his freedom. You're willing to sacrifice everything. Yes. [Mechanical whirring] Cable : Bull? The robot's done with her work. A path's been cleared. Only a few more moments before they're ready to pull people out. The robot's a she? Apparently. But we're in closing arguments. It won't be long. Benny : What you've seen here today, folks, is called classic legal tactic. The defense has tried to put the key eyewitness on trial because the facts don't suit their narrative. [Loud crash] The only reason to question Agent James is to create doubt. The only reason to attack her character is to stir up ugly and distasteful emotions that will distract you from the simple truth. Don't let that happen to you. Find Gordon Guthrie guilty. Again. Each one of us experienced this day differently. And each one of you is gonna tell the story of this day differently. Who's right? Well. Subjective, right? You listened to Ms. James testimony. What you didn't know is that she was under the influence of a hallucinogen during the event she described. Game changer. Nobody sees the world in its entirely. Can't be done. Not even the best of us. You have to find him not guilty. Thank you. [Indistinct radio chatter] Mr. Foreman. I understand the jury has reached a verdict. We did, Your Honor. What say you? We find the defendant, Gordon Guthrie... ... not guilty. Mm! [Sniffles] I can't believe it. I told you. Okay. Thank you. Okay! That's one way it could've gone. I just shaped a narrative to get specific people to believe a specific version of reality. [clanging, thudding] Workman : That's it, that's the last one. And I think I just showed you that even well-meaning people can be blinded to the truth. What truth? Workman : Watch your step here. [Crashing] Clear. All right, everyone. It's safe. We've cleared an exit. The truth is, you don't know Danny. Danny would never put an innocent man in prison. This is our mock courtroom, this is where is where we practice our arguments. And if I was defending you, I would've said, "Hey. This one works". Tharder : What are you waiting for? You people can go. Okay, people. Come on. Let's move. Let's get to safety. Come on, people. Bull : But if I was on the side of justice, I think I would've done Benny's cross a little differently. I would've said something like, "Special Agent James. When did Guthrie wind up on your radar?" He was, um, making small buys from the Vega brothers. And the meeting that night? They wanted to up their purchases. They knew he had a pharmacy, it'd make a good front. Bull : So, wait a minute. The Vegas had been to the pharmacy? They knew everything about the place. Including that he had a wife? Would you please describe the assailant for me? White male, mid-30s, six one. Approximately 190 pounds. Eyes? Brown. What hand? 9mm Glock in his right hand. And what was he wearing? Brown corduroys, blue pea coat, and a blue and orange knit cap with a logo that said New York. Islanders. Oh, Gordon. What did you do? We define people, especially those closest to us, by the questions we choose to ask, and the answers we choose to believe. Please raise your hand if the alterations in Danny's testimony would've changed your vote. Bull : And there you have it. Thank you for you participation today. I know it was a challenge. And you know the real answer. Your husband's a killer. [Prison door buzzes] Bull :  If it's any consolation, he probably got a lighter sentence than he deserves. Bobby : Payback time, Gordo. Hey, look at me! Hey! Hey! And has a better chance of surviving than you think. Take it easy. You're in trouble, but we're gonna do everything we can to help you. I never meant to hurt anyone. I know. But your husband did. He had that in him, and he used all of his powers to keep you from seeing it. She's all yours, Lieutenant. Go easy on her. ♪ ♪ Ah. This is so good. Who wants a drink? I'm down. You guys aren't sick of each other already? Freedom, Cable. Just... Let's indulge our freedom. Bull. Marissa : Come on. We're going for a drink. ♪ But they say oh ♪ Hey. Did you see that? Jurors stuck around, of their own volition. I love it. I know you quit the FBI because they couldn't recognize the devotion you bring to your work. You're not the Bureau. No. We're not. But what we do matters to people. ♪ Guns in my head ♪ And I believe in you completely. ♪ Spirits in my head and they won't go ♪ 
♪ And the gun still rattles ♪ 
♪ The gun still rattles, oh... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 