Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Classified - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Classified https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=31051 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/15/17 13:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Classified 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Here you go. 
 Thanks. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Hey, Tamsin, did you hear about Marks? 
 He saved the new Throne album to the secure drive, now, boom, his career might be over. 
 Serves him right. 
 Throne's sound is a throwback to the '60s without the youthful idealism. 
 That band doesn't deserve to be saved on the hard drive. 
 Sir, I'm here to take in Lieutenant Dale. 
 (continues indistinctly) 
 She's there. 
 (panting) 
 Mp : Stop. 
 (overlapping yelling) 
 Lieutenant Dale, stop. 
 Freeze! 
 Stop! Freeze! 
 Get 'em up! 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 Colonel Jackson, please, I can explain... 
 (handcuffs click) 
 Lieutenant Tamsin Dale, you are under arrest per Article 134 for violation of Section 793(e) of the Espionage Act. 
 (siren chirps) 
 You looking for me? 
 Yes. A possible client. 
 Army Lieutenant Tamsin Dale, facing 111 years in prison. 
 Charged four times under the Espionage Act. 
 Espionage? Whoa. 
 For who? Uh, Russia, China? 
 Nobody. 
 Ooh, string cheese. 
 She leaked a document to a newspaper. 
 Which newspaper? 
 It's called  GlobeSpill. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 It's online. 
 It's like a cross between  Huffington Post  and WikiLeaks. 
 Our lieutenant gave them a memo about a U.S. bombing in Syria that accidentally took out a hospital, killing 36 patients plus medical personnel. 
 In the memo, this colonel basically says that... he doesn't care about the civilian casualties as long as he realized his tactical goals. 
 I remember hearing about this. 
 And the Army made him retire. 
 He was a big embarrassment. 
 'Cause the colonel screwed up. 
 It's not like Tamsin gave the Russians launch codes or anything. 
 Lieutenant Dale isn't a spy, she's a whistle-blower. 
 Sir. 
 Thank you. 
 Open up. 
 (military training in distance) 
 Bull :  Fort Mackman. 
 Protecting America since 1924. Did you know the Army is a year older than the United States? True fact. Benny : Whoa. Bull. Flag on the play. This document that Lieutenant Dale leaked not only revealed that the colonel was a jerk but it also revealed a classified operation. This Ranger unit was embedded near the bombing site. And after  GlobeSpill  published, the unit got attacked. I'm aware. This changes things. Three Rangers died. Come on, Bull, we can't take this case. Gonna listen to what she has to say. If I don't like it, we're gone. Yeah? Yeah. They offered her a plea deal, but she turned it down. Said she had to fight for what's right. The government is using the Espionage Act to go after people who expose government wrongdoing. Is that who we are now? Punish our critics with a century in Leavenworth? Come on, Counselor, this could be fun. Court-martial? Different rules, different trial science. We could even put the president on the stand. Nobody is putting the president on the stand. Dare to dream. (softly): Right. Gentlemen, as the convening authority, I'm gonna ask that you not turn this trial into a media circus. "Convening authority"? One officer picks the jury pool and gets to set a lot of the rules. We don't do a lot of courts-martial, so I'm gonna ask you to use my office as the interview space for Lieutenant Dale. You were her commanding officer. Was she your protégée? Tamsin was one of my best analysts. That's why I requested to be the convening authority. Sergeant, bring her in. Sergeant : Yes, sir. (military training in distance) (door closes) Dr. Bull. I hope you can help me, but you should know I won't lie to win. I don't lie. I choose facts. Winning is about which facts you focus on and which you choose to ignore. Different facts matter to different jurors. Sounds like lies of omission to me. Maybe if you're sitting in a data analyst's chair, that's the way it sounds. Not in a jury box. Benny : Clearly you have reservations, so why are we here? Why contact Dr. Bull at all? Because the facts say your success rate is unparalleled, and a lot of your cases looked unwinnable. That's why. Tell me about the memo you leaked. 43 civilians died in that bombing. Colonel Kell said he cared less about civilian casualties than his tactical objectives. Except one of his tactical objectives is to prevent civilian casualties. Huh. Tamsin : For every civilian we kill, we make 40 enemies. So, part of every mission is try hard not to kill them. But the colonel's collateral damage stats were 30% higher than his peers. Unless he was stopped, it was going to happen again. You're a lieutenant and you get to decide this? Tamsin : I went through the chain of command. Nothing happened. And the colonel continued his reckless engagements. So, I went to my ultimate boss. The American people? Come on. It's why I signed up in the first place. I'm fighting this because I did nothing wrong. The secret Ranger unit might disagree. Wasn't a covert unit exposed and three soldiers killed because you leaked that memo? Then why am I not charged with their deaths? You tell me. The memo... there's classified intel out there that's not what you think. Okay. Talk, Tamsin, or we're out of here. I'm not saying anything about the Ranger unit until you have security clearance. So... you're just not going to say. I can't. Okay, I guess we're out of here. Nothing. Even with your life at stake. Why'd you release the document? One sentence, don't think about it, just say it now. I love my country. You may think it sounds hokey, but we're the greatest nation in history, or supposed to be... and then this colonel comes along and says he doesn't care if we kill innocent people. Bull : All right. You have a jury consultant and a really good lawyer. (military training in distance) You took the case anyway. Even though she wouldn't discuss the Ranger attack. Exactly. Her life is at stake and she won't talk... and yet she leaked information to save others. Or maybe you just like her because she breaks the rules like you do. She's a soldier, Bull. She doesn't get to pick and choose what she tells. She's gonna win you over. I can feel it. For Lieutenant Dale's case, we have a few new rules. Like... no hacking. Just send me home, why don't you? We will be profiling the jury, just like always, but this is a national security case. Take it from me, certain people will be watching everything we do. But you're saying there's no hacking. Okay, just think of it as an adventure. Like... a camping trip, in nature, no electricity. Or toilets. Camping? Okay, no hacking, no sneaking, no undercover anything. If you want to find out about potential jurors, you use public documents, neighbors and colleagues. How many jurors are in the initial pool? It's officers only, so Benny thinks about 30. Guess I'll gas up my car. And we are... going off the grid, except for my computer... Be strong. ... which is air-gapped and externally booted. I will input the information into the algorithm, and the completed profiles will go there... and on paper. Paper. So, how'd the team take it? I told them it would be fun, like camping. Marissa, have you ever been camping? Any more fun I should know about? (chuckles) Sure, with courts-martial, there's no hung juries. We get a verdict, and it only takes 3/4 of the jury to find you guilty. Well, there are 12 jurors, so we need four to acquit. Wait, who stole my string cheese? Here. Better for you. Worst of all, we only get to boot one juror out in voir dire. Ouch. Jury selection is the key to trial. It's our forte. Yes, it is, which is why I have a new strategy. If we only get one strike, we have to avoid the nuclear juror. Nuclear. He or she is the one with the quality our research reveals is the most toxic to our defense: a strict constructionist. No Thomas Jeffersons. No one who believes in the literal interpretation of rules. They'll never forgive you for leaking the memo. Bull : Avoid anyone who's never seen combat, who enlisted for the structure rather than the adventure. You know how many we'll have? "Army Strong" Judge : Let's move along, counsel. I want to be done with voir dire in one hour. Hey, where's Tanaka? I thought Tanaka was a nuclear juror. No, Marissa cleared her. Now we have Vikowitz, Lambert, and the one I can't pronounce. Here are the last of the profiles. My algorithms say that we have one more possible nuke: Major Crumpler, come on down. Bull : Marissa, we need a name. Benny's running out of time. Judge : Mr. Colón. Do you wish to exercise your peremptory challenge or not? Benny : Yes, yes, of course. Uh, please, one moment. Marissa : Bull, we have four Jeffersonians: Crumpler, Lambert, Vikowitz, how do you pronounce that? Danny : Hey, so it looks like Lambert's packing the highest megatons. Never been overseas, and he has seven bumper stickers on his car. Uh, they did a study. The more bumper stickers you have, the more road rage-y you are. Marissa : Okay, Bull, did you get that? Lambert is a rule stickler, and he has anger issues. What leadership score did you give Lambert? Grading on the officer curve... yikes. He's only 50th percentile. Looks like Lambert, juror number one, is our nuke. Judge : Mr. Colón. (quietly): Two. Yes. Uh, Colonel. Uh, we would like to thank and excuse juror number two, Major Vikowitz. Vikowitz? Bull, did you hear me? Everything is pointing to Lambert. Judge : Uh, Lieutenant Szentgyorgyi. Please join us. We have our panel. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Please report tomorrow at 0900. Counsel will now have a motions hearing. Mr. Colón, please follow Major Barnett. This session is adjourned. Follow me, Mr. Colón. Why Vikowitz? Not smiling, head still. Did you see the way he steepled his fingers? Signs of a leader. And a nuclear leader is much worse than a nuclear follower. Who's that guy? Tamsin : The suit? Never seen him before. Hmm. Hang tough, soldier. Major Barnett, quick question. Tamsin said something odd the other day. She wasn't charged with revealing the Ranger unit. Why was that? Your client's facing life. That's not enough for you? Well, soldiers died. Aiding the enemy is a stronger charge than stretching the Espionage Act like that. Haven't the families demanded it? If you'll excuse us, Mr. Colón and I have to take a trip. Trip? I thought we were having a motions hearing. (vehicle approaches) 'Cause I'm making a motion about a classified document, the hearing will be held at a black site. Black site. Cool. Attorneys only, sir. Got it. The one time I might want to be a lawyer. ♪ ♪ By signing this security memorandum, you agree never to share, speak of or acknowledge the existence of classified documents in this case. And if you do any of those things, Mr. Colón, be warned. You can be jailed up to ten years. I understand. (door unlocking) (beeps) We're on the record. So where's the mysterious document? This is part of discovery. But you weren't allowed to view it till you had clearance. It's the memo Tamsin Dale uploaded to  GlobeSpill  on 7 January. Wait a minute. This is what she leaked? No, this is different. Your Honor, I move to enter this as Defense Exhibit 1. Colonel, I object. This hearing was called for a motion to exclude this document from trial. Are you kidding me? Your Honor, this could set her free. (marker squeaking on glass) Can I help you? Oh. Hey. Yeah, sorry about your wall. Marissa won't let me do this on a computer. Vandalize it? Making a timeline. Something's bugging me. January 7, Lieutenant Dale uploads the classified memo to  GlobeSpill,  then... GlobeSpill  publishes it online. What... What's "S-C-T Ranger U" mean? It's a secret Ranger unit. Their location was revealed in the memo. Who abbreviates "secret" with "S-C-T"? Everyone's a critic. Point is, terrorists attacked the Ranger unit after their location was revealed. Sergeants Valeo, Frakes and Lieutenant Kleeman were killed. It's tragic. Yeah, but when they arrested our defendant, they didn't charge her with that. Why not? There must be a reason. Uncovering other people's secrets is like catnip to you. But you keep yours to yourself. Vicious slander. Thanks for the wall. How was the hearing? Or was it all just a terrible misunderstanding and you're now the oldest Chi Phi pledge at Hudson? "What the U.S. Army Won't Let You Know" Wow.  GlobeSpill's  Web site certainly knows how to sell a memo. I can't talk about the black site, Bull. Okay. Have a good night. So you're using the jury profiles to manipulate the jury. To know the jury. Everyone looks at life through a filter. Some people are cheerful, some suspicious. Some have an impudent disregard for trial science. Impudent. (chuckles softly) Profiles help us see what color that filter is. So you can choose facts. Well, let me ask you. Which facts do you like better: that you're a spy who released classified documents? Or a patriotic American who exposed gross misconduct to save innocent lives? They're all facts. (excited chatter in distance) Oh. Look at juror number four, Hernandez. I thought he was in your corner. So? He's angry. Look at his hands. They're clenched into fists. Okay. The profiles show that juror number four is our leader. Captain Jack Hernandez. Cable : His wife had an affair last year. Finally the gardener told him, and he gave the guy a raise. Ah. So he didn't shoot the messenger. Marissa : So the captain may think our client did the right thing by spilling a secret. (sighs) Problem? National secrets are secret for a reason. Lieutenant Dale uploaded a classified document... not cool. I mean, help me out, Homeland. Come on. Sorry, not me. We overclassify too many documents. Label it top secret 'cause it's easier and covers our bases, not because it actually reveals anything. Anything? Come on. Once, an analyst gave me an article from  The Guardian  to read. It gave me new information on a terrorist I'd been tracking. Because I read it, it was classified. Seriously? Seven billion people in the world could read it. But I could only discuss it with people who had the right clearance. I'm sorry... is the air out? Hell. HVAC repair guy's on his way. Oh... Something wrong? This monitor has been down for hours, like every computer in the office but mine. Danny : So why is it blinking? Marissa : And the printer's down. Monitor, air. Damn it. Cable, I need your help. My room! Your... your room? You're letting me go to your room? In 1987, Marine Sergeant Clayton Lonetree gave U.S. secrets to his KGB handler. He was a spy. John Walker, a Navy chief warrant officer, sold encrypted documents to the Soviet Union for 17 years. He was a spy. Lieutenant Tamsin Dale uploaded a memo to a media outlet. And yet she's charged with espionage, just like Lonetree and Walker? She wanted to help. Juror number four has closed body posture. He's holding himself rigid, has his hands clasped together. He's not feeling us at all. She wanted to help the Army. Has something flipped him? And she succeeded. The Army fixed the problem. And yet here we are. Bull : And number nine. McNamara. 
 
 Ladies and gentlemen... He's loving Benny. He was supposed to be our biggest challenge. And Lieutenant Tamsin Dale is not a spy. Marissa? I need a minute, Bull. She's a person who loves her country and this army. She just wanted to help. I knew one of those Rangers. The ones they won't talk about. Who died and made Lieutenant Dale secretary of defense? I think I'll watch  Westworld  tonight. Okay. Jurors five and 12 are off, too. Have they flipped? Marissa, I need you. I can't shut it down. I think it's drawing power from the HVAC. That's not possible. Try rerouting but shut it off. Juror four hasn't flipped. Nobody has. The juror profiles, they're wrong. How is that possible, they're wrong? Wrong like sabotaged. Someone has altered the underlying data. Screw this. Ooh! Bull, we've been hacked. What are we looking at? Marissa : The juror profiles created by my system are garbage. The hackers altered the data days ago. Days ago. And we just noticed? It was a side-channel attack. They couldn't access my drives directly so they got into our printers, our lights, even the HVAC. Then used E.M. emissions to work out the encryption key. It's actually pretty brilliant. Sorry, Marissa. The intrusion started a cascading overload of our hacked systems, which eventually began to malfunction. Otherwise we never would have realized it. Well, Bull did. So, Gonzalez just called a recess so we can get a handle on things. Who did this? Not the Army. It's not their style. The worm's engine is encrypted; same architecture as the Doji worm. It looks a lot like the B0r0lo Group. China. China. Right. Something you'd like to add? Well, it's just, uh... GlobeSpill  is associated with Chinese hackers, right? Well, that's a rumor. NSA hasn't been able to track it down. I mean, officially, anyway. Well, uh,  GlobeSpill  may want... (clears throat) Tamsin locked up and forgotten about. So that they could cover up something they did. Can you build new juror profiles? Not until we find the worm. You and Cable do that. Benny. Talk to me for a second. Not only is the Army against us but also a major media outlet and now possibly China. Why? What happened at the black site? I'm sorry, Bull. I-I can't. Just like Tamsin. It's cuter when she does it. GlobeSpill  did something wrong. What? (chuckles) The answer is in a classified document that I can't discuss, that's been excluded. Does this document explain why our client wasn't charged with the attack on the hidden Ranger unit? If I tell you, we will both go to prison. It's our client's life! And she will... she will say the same thing. We cannot disclose classified information. What if told you I didn't want you to? Have a seat. (sighs) I'm gonna ask you questions that are not about the secret and you can answer freely. And then I'm gonna ask you questions that I don't want you to answer. Hello. Trust me. It's just a dyad. Don't freak out. I'm just monitoring your pulse. Wow. Could have bought me a drink first. Maybe later. Okay. Now I'm gonna ask you a question you can answer without violating any rules. Yes or no: is there something I don't know about  GlobeSpill? (inhales deeply) Yes. (chuckles) People, they don't have to talk to tell. Your pulse is the answer. And the micro-expressions on your face. Now I'm gonna ask you a question I don't want you to answer. Did  GlobeSpill  do anything illegal? Hmm. Has  GlobeSpill  reported false information? Really? Does the false information relate to Tamsin's... leaked memo? Does the false information relate to the Ranger attack? Has GlobeSpill reported false information? Really? Tamsin didn't betray those Rangers.  GlobeSpill  did. GlobeSpill?  How? Benny : I'm not confirming any of this. When Tamsin leaked the memo to  GlobeSpill,  she altered it. She removed all sensitive information, except what the colonel said about civilian casualties. She redacted it, just like we redact documents all the time. GlobeSpill  knew a memo with a bunch of holes in it wasn't gonna make a splash. I mean, a mean colonel? Yawn. But a secret Ranger base, that's a scoop. So they filled in the holes using information they had on the Rangers' location? Ended up aiding in the attack that killed Kleeman, Valeo and Frakes. The  GlobeSpill  people should be in jail, but how did they even know where the Rangers were? Well, maybe when they were looking into the bombing, they found another source. Maybe it was the Chinese government. Regardless, we know it wasn't Tamsin. Because the Army did not charge her. They knew she didn't do it. Army is playing by the rules. But then why prosecute her at all if she didn't directly hurt anyone? Precedent. The Army wants to come down hard on leakers. Look at Private Manning a couple of years ago. But Manning leaked tens of thousands of documents. Lieutenant Dale only leaked one. Under the Espionage Act, it doesn't matter. The crime is the leak, not who got hurt. Can only argue lack of harm at sentencing. After she's been convicted. (gate opens) (gate closes) You're early. I know about the memo you leaked. The real one. I know you didn't get those soldiers killed. That must have felt pretty lonely. Not being able to tell. Exhausting, mostly. Have a seat. (exhales shakily) So, tell me one thing: why play the martyr? I was trying to do the right thing. Saving yourself isn't the right thing? (sighs, sniffs) The case is going badly. If we could just bring up the real memo... (sighs) I'm going to prison. Maybe. Why are you telling me this? Because I want you to know what you're up against. No more secrets. Dr. Bull told me the situation about my case. Well, your testimony will help. Thank you for representing me. I know you didn't want to. Yeah, well, I blew up my career once, too. In the D.A.'s office. This guy was going away for something he didn't do, and, um... You threw yourself on a grenade. To save him. I looked you up, Mr. Colón. Ah. I like facts, remember? Come on. And that's why I went up the chain of command first. It was only when I received no response, I decided to share the memo with  GlobeSpill. I tried to play by the rules. Thank you, Lieutenant. Tamsin : I tried, but it didn't work. That's why I want to tell you the truth about the memo. Benny : Thank you. That'll be all. Your witness. Tamsin : See, they classified it, so you wouldn't know what really happened. Tamsin! Barnett : Lieutenant, stop, you'll only make things worse for yourself. You know who got those Rangers killed? GlobeSpill. GlobeSpill Benny, don't. Dr. Bull, sit down. Mr. Colón, silence. She uploaded a redacted document. No classified information, no Ranger unit. GlobeSpill  filled in the blanks, got those Rangers killed. It was  GlobeSpill. Gonzalez : Mr. Colón, stop. The members will disregard Mr. Colón's outburst and the allegations in it. Those allegations shall play no part in your deliberations. Colonel Gonzalez, I move for a recess, and can we please absent the panel? Bull : You know what happens now. The FBI comes to TAC and arrests me. No. They're gonna do it right here. FBI. Special Agent Jim Riley. Listen carefully. Sir, I need you to step aside. Now. Riley : Benjamin Colón, you are under arrest for violating Section 793(e) of the Espionage Act. Make a statement. Benny, this is your last chance to help yourself. You know what I always tell my clients? Remain silent, idiots. If I make a statement, how can I ever look them in the eye again? Hey, Jimmy. We, uh, we need five minutes. I cleared it with Paul. Must have called in a lot of favors. Special Agent Riley, Dr. Jason Bull. Big fan. How's your case coming against  GlobeSpill? That's why you've been in the court-martial, isn't it? Gathering ammunition for your... espionage charge somewhere down the road? Sorry your guy got caught up. (door closes) What the hell did you think you were doing? Our client was about to spill classified intel in open court. I know. I told her to. You went behind my back? She had to tell the jury she didn't get those Rangers killed. They would have charged her, Bull, on another count of espionage. It was a tactical decision. Maybe she gets charged, maybe she beats  all  the charges. She agreed. Always going for the big win, huh? I told you to trust me. When you didn't trust me! I was trying to protect you, so you wouldn't get arrested. (chuckles) You should go, Bull. I mean it. Get out. (door opens) (door closes) Cable is trying to find the digital warhead. She scrubbed maybe 20%, but I'm just not sure how much longer we have. Until what? Until we're raided by the FBI. (chuckles) You're kidding, right? The FBI's coming here? As soon as they get a warrant. The Feds are not gonna get a peek at our clients' business. Be ready to hit the kill switch. Colonel Jackson. Hey. You seem like a good guy, is what I don't get, being all you can be. I bet your soldiers look up to you. And I bet they're right to. I imagine you're gonna wheel up next to a point any day now. How could you convene a trial when you knew Lieutenant Dale only uploaded a redacted document? Do you think taking some words out makes it okay to violate orders? GlobeSpill  put those Rangers in harm's way, not Dale. You know what happens when you join the greatest fighting force the world has ever known? You make a commitment to discipline. If soldiers just start going their own way, outside the chain of command, people die. Now, that's not hyperbole. It's fact. And even if Tamsin didn't reveal that Ranger unit, she created the conditions that allowed someone else to. You're damned right I convened a trial. I have work to do, Doctor. Bull : How'd you lose the arm, Colonel? I didn't lose it, Doctor. I know exactly where it is. So, um, talked to Barnett. The judge gave a second instruction to the members to disregard Benny's fireworks. And this is one jury that knows how to follow orders. Maybe, but they heard it. And they saw Benny get arrested to  let  them hear it. Well, what's Lieutenant Dale gonna do without Benny? Give the closing argument? Me? The members want to hear from you. Walk them through what you did. Start with the bombing. Go. At 0530 on 1 December, a unit from the 28th Armored Brigade deployed a series of laser-guided bombs together with Maverick missiles... No. No, no, no, stop. I ask you to tell me about a traumatic car wreck, and you read me the accident report? But it's what happened. It's the facts. I want the story. Why'd you report this colonel? He's a jerk. So what? He was an ongoing threat... The story. Why do you care so much about civilian casualties? It affects our mission. The story, Lieutenant. You know what? Screw this. And screw you. Hey. Every time you're under stress, you look at this. Who's "M.L."? My friend Matt. He died in Yemen two years ago. Yemen. Matt was my best friend in high school. He was working for an NGO, trying to get children out. There was a bombing. The Saudis, not us. An accident. And no one cared about civilian casualties. No one cared about Matt. And that's your story. 15 kids died, plus Matt and many others. And everyone shrugged and just moved on. That's why the colonel's callousness was so jarring to me. We're the United States Damn Army. Aren't we better than that? Here are a few of my secrets. Words matter. Body language matters. Manolo and McNamara are our most important jurors, which means eye contact. Bull :  Engage with every word. Things were so black and white to me then. Right and wrong. Colonel Kell was wrong, so I had to act. And the Army asked him to resign. Problem solved. Or so I thought. Bull :  You need to  punch  the key words. Nothing  is black and white. (mouths) Nothing  is black and white. I didn't know anything. I was a fool. I was trying to help the Army. But that's not good enough. I disobeyed orders indirectly. That was wrong. But know this. I am not a spy. I would never betray my country. I am a soldier. (quietly): Thank you, McNamara. Jury started deliberations? Bull thinks we got two jurors... McNamara and Manolo. Just need two more. Cleaned up the firmware. Okay, good. (typing rapidly) The, uh... the jury's still out. I know. (cell phone buzzes) Yeah? Okay. Thank you. They're back. Captain Lambert, your verdict. Lambert : In the case of  United States v. Dale,  on the first specification we find the accused... not guilty. On the second specification, we find the accused... not guilty. On the third specification, we find the accused... not guilty. And on the fourth specification, we find the accused... guilty. Gonzalez : On the specification... Tamsin. ... under Article 134... Hey. ... unauthorized taking... It's... ... of national defense information... ... guilty. the accused is found guilty. Wow. Sentencing to begin first thing tomorrow. (horns honking) (footfalls approaching) Bad break. The verdict. Benny was the bad break. This is just... mission failure. How much time you think she'll get? 20. Ten if she's lucky. It's up to the jury now. (sighs) Tell Danny I need everything she's got on Colonel Abernathy Jackson. Can I help you, Dr. Bull? There was this officer in 2006. Deployed with the 141st Infantry Brigade in Kabul. Forward operating base, lots of civilian contact. The unit came under fire, and a private left behind some ordnance. Kids were known to play in the area, so this officer... went back for it. Without permission. And on his way back, he hit an IED, and it took off his hand. I may have heard this one. Another soldier's mistake put the mission at risk. You fixed it and got a Bronze Star in the process. You think that's like what the lieutenant did. Well, the question is, what do you think? Gonzalez : Lieutenant Dale having been found guilty of one specification, the members will now pronounce sentence. First Lieutenant Tamsin Dale is hereby sentenced to 12 years confinement, forfeiture of all pay and allowances, and dismissal from the service. Gonzalez : Thank you, members of the panel. Sentence of 12 years to be served at Leavenworth. You will be granted credit for pre-trial confinement. Your Honor, I respectfully ask the convening authority to weigh in. He has the prerogative under the UCMJ. Colonel Jackson? Lieutenant Tamsin Dale's actions make me sick to my stomach. The arrogance. The selfishness. The carelessness. This is a young woman who had so much promise. And she threw it away because she thought her opinions were more important than the rules. That her humanity trumped her duty. (sighs) But... to remain the greatest force for good this nation has ever known, the Army must study its mistakes. And if we hide our mistakes and punish the people who expose them, we won't. Lieutenant Dale, as convening authority, I am altering your sentence. You  will  be dismissed from the Army, but your confinement will be limited to one year, served here, on base. Thank you, Colonel. Gonzalez : This court-martial is concluded. Court is adjourned. Maybe what you do, maybe lying for a living is... a little strong. Maybe. Your story's gonna be... different from here on out. I signed up to serve my country. Turns out this is how I'm going to do it. Thank you. Be well, Lieutenant. Danny's right. You're pretty good. (chuckles) Special Agent, I have a proposal for you. Danny : He's back! Hey, guys. Oh! Hey. The FBI took the deal, huh? What deal? The FBI wants to get  GlobeSpill,  we gave 'em  GlobeSpill's  worm. Danny : We traded Benny for the hackers' code. The FBI is gonna bludgeon  GlobeSpill  with it at trial. All charges dropped. It was Bull's idea. Where is he? ♪ ♪ You didn't come to the FBI for my release. Well, I didn't think you'd want me there. I do trust you. You kept things from me. Important things. (exhales) My half sister ran away when I was around eight years old. Well, she tried to run away. My father was gone that time. My stepmother was taking care of us. If you want to call it that. You have a half sister. Sarah came back before supper. Her bike had gotten a flat tire. And she begged me not to tell. You didn't keep the secret. I told my best friend. Kenny. He told his father, and his father told my stepmother. And then your stepmother punished her. Mm-hmm. Sometimes a secret has to be kept. (chuckles) I didn't need your protection in court. I know. If I had to do it again, I'd do the exact same thing. Huh. ♪ You don't have to live ♪ 
♪ In a place so far ♪ 
♪ The memory you made... ♪ Oh, hey. You're Benny Colón, right? Yeah. Uh, the receptionist just left. You can come back tomorrow, okay? No need. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. United States Attorney's Office, Public Corruption Unit? What? Am I under investigation? How would I know? Go home already. Hey. Is everything okay? Fine. Everything's fine. (elevator bell chimes) Good night. ♪ For love. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 