Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Just Tell the Truth - Bull 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Just Tell the Truth https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=716&t=29282 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/26/16 03:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Just Tell the Truth 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Man : Let's go, let's go! 
 We got two more bacon-wrapped scallops 
 and one more pigs in a blanket. 
 Hey, who's got the cilantro? 
 Come on, faster, faster. 
 Dessert's in 20 minutes. 
 All right, you ready? 
 (indistinct conversations and laughter) 
 Dominick : Richard, Richard, Richard. 
 Hey, that's a nice monkey suit, Dominick. 
 I almost didn't recognize you. 
 Yeah, well, right back at you, Richie Rich, only I don't think yours is a rental. 
 (both chuckle) 
 Dominick : Did your girl buy it for you? 'Cause, uh... we both know you can't afford it. 
 Hey, how about, “Thank you so much, Richie, for hooking me up with this gig. I really needed the cash.” Right? 
 All right. Come on, behave yourself. I'm gonna introduce you to Layla. 
 Gavin : You couldn't find an easier way to make a statement? 
 Layla : You really think that's what this is? 
 That I'd choose my fiancé to make some sort of statement? Daddy, please. 
 I can't imagine you'd be with somebody like him. He's a loser. 
 Dominick : That guy's the loser, all right? Screw him. 
 Yeah? That guy's my future father-in-law. 
 We'll pick this up later. 
 No... 
 Mom, please... 
 Richard : Layla, come on. Seriously? 
 No, look, just relax, he didn't mean it. He did mean it. 
 He called me a loser. 
 I'm gonna talk to him some more. 
 (talking over each other) 
 The lovebirds are really getting on. 
 Looks like it. 
 Layla! 
 Wait! 
 Hey, wait! 
 Layla! 
 Layla, come back! 
 (gasps) 
 (man grunting) 
 (Layla grunting) 
 All right, before you text him, just let me do some digging. 
 No, Cable, promise me you won't. 
 Who are we talking about here? 
 Remember that deceptive advertising lawsuit? 
 Our client's brother? 
 Chunk's going on a date with him. 
 The guy with the shoulders. 
 I remember reading in his profile that... 
 No, please don't. 
 I don't Google my dates, I don't Facebook-stalk. 
 I trust my gut, and let the relationship develop, like a good novel. 
 Chunk doesn't realize that our tools from work can be used for play. 
 I don't need recon for my dates. 
 I know how to read people. 
 Why waste time if there's a deal breaker on day three? 
 My ex Greg and I had open access. 
 We allowed each other to look at our phones. 
 No wonder you broke up. 
 It was liberating. 
 We already knew all the mundane stuff, so we could have really in-depth conversations. 
 That's eerily romantic. 
 (Chunk scoffs, phone chimes) 
 Oh, I need to find Dr. Bull. 
 We just got a job offer. 
 (typing on keyboard) 
 Newscaster :  Newsfront  correspondent, Jackson Norse, joins us now. Jackson? 
 Jackson : Daughter of billionaire Gavin Everton was found brutally murdered outside a charity event. 
 Police have arrested her fiancé of two weeks, Richard Fleer. 
 Richard was about to sign a plea, 20 years. 
 It wasn't enough for me, but at least he was going away. 
 I still can't believe she's gone. 
 I'm sorry for your loss. 
 It's unreal. This public defender came out of the woodwork last week, and somehow convinced Richard to go to trial. 
 Mrs. Everton : Doesn't make any sense. 
 He confessed. 
 Gracias, Sheila. 
 Sheila :  De nada,  Señora Everton. 
 Marissa : We appreciate you asking us here to talk to you about how we can help you with the trial. 
 Mrs. Everton : Though Gavin was only a witness in the previous litigation Dr. Bull handled, Gavin said he never met anyone who understood juries and trials the way you do. 
 Well, it was just a case about somebody reneging on a deal. 
 We wouldn't have won without you on our case. 
 You see things other people don't see. 
 How did Richard and Layla meet? 
 They met at a restaurant on the Upper East Side. 
 A fancy place. He's a line cook, works in the kitchen. 
 Richard was peeling potatoes. 
 Had she fallen for guys like that before? 
 Layla's always had a rebellious streak, but she would've grown out of it. 
 They were engaged, weren't they? 
 I don't know how he convinced her; they'd only known each other six months, and it was so clear he was after her money. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Mrs. Everton : Excuse me. 
 I got it. 
 If you take this on for us, this should cover the fee. 
 And more. That's very generous, Mr. Everton. 
 Our daughter deserves justice. 
 And if Richard and his attorney try to cheat the system, you get that son of a bitch locked up for life. 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 Hmm. 
 Mrs. Everton : This is Sam Perkins. 
 District attorney's office. 
 I'll be prosecuting the case. 
 Dr. Jason Bull. 
 I saw your clear rate with convictions; that's very impressive. 
 That's my job. 
 They ship 'em in, I ship 'em out. 
 And this one's gonna go quick. 
 Hmm, slam dunk, huh? 
 You can cash that check today. 
 Well, since they went to the trouble of writing a check, maybe I should take a minute or two and review the facts of the case as you see them. 
 Layla and Richard were seen arguing at a charity gala. 
 They'd been engaged less than two weeks. 
 And based on eyewitnesses, she was dumping him. 
 And that's when Layla ran out of the gala. 
 Yeah, it got heated. 
 Richard chased her out, and an hour later, Layla's body was found around the corner. 
 Anyone see the murder? 
 No. 
 But we got all we need on him. 
 So they picked up Richard on a park bench, disoriented. 
 And he had Layla's blood on his shirt sleeves. 
 Perkins : The evidence is just gravy. 
 When you have a confession. 
 Detective : Where'd you find the rebar? 
 Richard : There was a construction site nearby. 
 That's what you used to hit Layla? 
 (sobbing) 
 Hey. 
 It's okay, Richard. 
 It's okay. 
 You'll feel so much better once you get it all out. 
 Yeah, I killed her! 
 Okay? 
 I hit her on the head. She went down. 
 It's all sort of a blur. I don't know, I killed her. 
 (computer beeps) 
 Like I said, ship 'em in, ship 'em out. 
 Really? Time-stamp says 1:19. 
 Police picked him up at 2:00 a.m. 
 That's 11 hours in the box. 
 Your detective didn't let up. 
 Detective Murphy's a good cop. 
 Hmm. Still. 
 (computer beeps) 
 Richard : Can I please just have some water? 
 Some water. 
 Murphy : Of course. 
 Whatever you want. 
 11 minutes or 11 hours... 
 We got a confession. 
 Guy's guilty. 
 I want justice as much as the Evertons, Mr. Perkins. 
 As much as you do. 
 Which is why I will take this case. 
 His case. 
 What? 
 Oh, I'm hungry. You hungry? 
 I could go for something extravagant, like a wildebeest or a hippo. 
 Bull? 
 What? 
 We just gave up a huge payday. 
 Not to mention, the suspect confessed. 
 If you just murdered someone, would you go sleep on a park bench? 
 It's hard to say; I've never murdered anyone. 
 But don't push me. 
 The first thing he asked for after his confession was water. 
 Makes me wonder how much food and water he had during his 11 hours of interrogation. 
 11 hours isn't that long. When I was at Homeland Security, we had suspects who took months to confess. 
 Terrorists believe in a cause. 
 Richard was a line cook who just lost his fiancée. 
 The facts line up too easily against this kid. 
 I know; most people hear a man confess to murder, and they think “guilty.” 
 You hear a man confess, and you give up a fortune to represent him. 
 (sighs) 
 It's great to be me, isn't it? 
 Wait, where are we going? 
 Jail. 
 What? 
 Dr. Bull. 
 I was surprised you wanted to meet with a confessed killer and a lowly public defender. 
 I hear the Evertons offered you a king's ransom to put Richard away. 
 So I can't imagine why you'd drag yourself down here. 
 It's no time to be cynical, Isaac. 
 You don't know it yet, but you just won the lottery. 
 Richard, how they treating you in here? 
 Food okay? 
 Yeah, it's fine. 
 Hmm. 
 You used to cook Wagyu beef with balsamic reduction, and now you're eating rotten produce, fake cheese, and drinking purple sugar-water. 
 But it's fine, huh? 
 Well, I guess we've learned one thing about you: you admit to things that aren't true. 
 Yeah, you probably should've just taken that money, then. 
 Why? Because you're guilty? 
 Layla... she came from money... Serious money. 
 Your dad's unemployed. 
 Brother did time for assault. 
 What was Layla Everton doing with a guy like you? 
 We were in love. That's what she was doing with me. (grunts) 
 Back off. 
 My client's been through enough. 
 Agreed. Which is why this should be the end of his nightmare and not the beginning. 
 Why did you confess? 
 I don't know. 
 My head was all messed up. 
 It was like I was in a fog. 
 All I could think about was trying to get out of there as quick as I could. 
 I kept asking them what happened to Layla. 
 All that cop would say was, “Well, you got to get that guilt off your chest.” 
 You feel guilty about something? 
 Well, I'm the reason she was out on that street alone. 
 So, yeah. That was my fault. 
 I should've been there for her, but I did not kill Layla. 
 I loved her. 
 Isaac : We are gonna show the jury that the police set up Richard because he was from the wrong side of the tracks and the Evertons never wanted him near their daughter. 
 No, Isaac. If we make this about rich versus poor, we lose. 
 If we make it about money or class, we lose. 
 They're gonna make this about Richard's confession. 
 And that is what we're gonna destroy. 
 It's your lucky day. I'm gonna take this case. 
 (door clanks) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 One more keystroke, and all of the details of Chunk's date will be revealed. 
 Cable, I told you that I don't want... 
 Yeah, yeah, you don't want to know, but we do. Hit it, Cable. 
 (sighs) 
 Danny : Hmm. Oh, wow. 
 Cable : Oh, boy. 
 You're not gonna bait me. 
 Danny : Oh, wow. 
 I don't need recon for my date! 
 Bull : How many people think Richard Fleer is guilty? 
 Really? 
 It's called job security. 
 Bull : Ah. I don't believe this is why I hired you. 
 Can I see a show of hands? 
 That's better. 
 Why? 
 Simple... the evidence led to Richard, and he caved within a day. Half a day. 
 But the research says it's much more complicated. 
 Even when they know they're innocent, 60% of people will end up confessing when told there's overwhelming evidence against them. 
 60%? 
 25% of convicts who are exonerated actually confessed. 
 I just can't imagine confessing to a murder I didn't commit. 
 And that, my dear Cable, is what we are up against. 
 Everything else in this case is circumstantial. 
 But when it comes to false confessions, it's tricky. 
 People know they happen; they just don't know how. 
 If we focus solely on the confession, we're missing the bigger picture. 
 People know... 
 Isaac, take a breath. 
 Dr. Bull, I don't think you appreciate the opportunity this case gives us. 
 Yes, I do. 
 And there's a time and a place for that. 
 This is not the time. 
 Our job is to get Richard a not-guilty verdict. 
 And our mock trial has told us that we get that by focusing on the confession. 
 How do we show the confession was coerced? 
 In voir dire. 
 We need to find people who can relate to being coerced. 
 And then, Isaac, you and I are gonna figure out what techniques were used to make Richard give that false confession. 
 Then all we have to do is get the jury to understand that if they were in the came circumstances, they might make a false confession. 
 Chunk, Cable, prepare for an 11-hour footage fest. 
 Cull through every minute of Richard's interrogation. 
 I'll make the popcorn. 
 No butter. Also, log every technique used during the interrogation, would you? 
 Danny. 
 Yeah? 
 They never found the rebar used to kill Layla. 
 I'll check the crime scene. 
 Nice. 
 Our culture is reaching a breaking point, Dr. Bull. 
 So am I, Isaac. 
 Here's the thing. You know what's better than being right? 
 Being right and winning. 
 So save your speech until you're on those courthouse steps with your vindicated client by your side. 
 Okay? 
 Do you have a blue suit? 
 No. 
 Okay. 
 Bull : Chunk, we got to get him a better suit. 
 Detective Murphy, thanks for running me through the crime scene. 
 You didn't have to. 
 Yeah, I help out former cops, even if they were Feds. 
 Besides, someone on the force has to escort you. 
 And it's fun for me to see you come up empty-handed, you know? 
 Usually, I only see the Feds when they swoop in to muck up my case. 
 Solve them on your own, and you wouldn't need us to swoop in. 
 Okay. Uh-huh. 
 Is this where you found her body? 
 Right by the garbage bin. Tragic. 
 You guys think she was murdered with rebar? 
 Yeah. The head wound is consistent with the size and shape of pieces of rebar we found by the construction site nearby. 
 I don't see any wall splatter from the rebar hits. 
 Well, we think he brought the rebar down on her head in a vertical fashion. 
 Far as we know. 
 That's why there was only blood on the Dumpster. 
 (echoing bang) 
 Well, what do we have here? 
 What? 
 What, do you see something? 
 Possibly. Here, give me a bag. 
 Murphy : What'd you find? 
 What the hell is that? 
 Danny : Could be something. Could be nothing. 
 I should probably take that in. 
 Yeah, you should. 
 (door buzzes) 
 What's all that? 
 Thought maybe you could make a snack. 
 Plastic knife? 
 You are still in jail. 
 That's the good stuff. 
 So... are you trained classically? 
 Uh, no. Growing up, our, uh, our big night out was the buffet at Sizzler. 
 Mm. Well, from the buffet to fine dining. 
 You've come a long way. 
 Yeah, right. 
 I was working at this place called Pasco's for a few years. 
 I started out as a junior chef, and, uh, been climbing my way up, you know. 
 That's where you met Layla. 
 (chuckles): She, uh... 
 She came in one night on a bad date, and I was, uh, I was on a break, and I saw this guy making moves at her. 
 And it was pretty clear that she wasn't into him, so I... 
 I rescued her. 
 She hung around until my shift was over, and, uh, I made us a meal. 
 And that was our first date. 
 Little did you know, she was a billionaire's daughter. 
 She never made that a thing between us. 
 Money didn't matter to Layla. 
 Why else would she want to marry a broke cook like me, right? 
 Maybe 'cause she saw something in you. 
 I don't know. I mean, she always said she wanted to invest in me. 
 Open up a restaurant together, but I... I just didn't want our relationship to be about that. 
 All right, hang on. 
 There. 
 Smoked salmon tartare with an incarcerated dill sauce. 
 All right, here we go. 
 Very well done. 
 (chuckles) 
 Look at that smile. 
 That's the Richard we need to see in court. 
 Confident, believes in himself. 
 The jury's only seen you fall apart in the confession video. 
 I think it's time they see the real you. 
 Voilá! (laughs) 
 Benny : Um... 
 I don't get it. 
 The screens all look the same. 
 Marissa : No, no. 
 No, no. I just spent the last 36 hours installing the “TAC Coercion Coefficient.” 
 Well, maybe an explanation in English would help. 
 Bull : This is the key to Richard's freedom. 
 We can now assess every juror's susceptibility to coercion. 
 It evaluates language patterns, how often our jurors fall prey to Internet scams, their inability to hang up on telemarketers. 
 I mean, the works. 
 Danny : Wait. 
 So the more gullible a juror is, the more likely they are to relate to Richard? 
 Not just gullible, but susceptible. 
 Look, we need people who can understand how Richard could confess to a crime that he didn't even commit, under the right circumstances. 
 If the coefficient's above eight,  muy bueno. 
 If it's below three, no  muy bueno. 
 Benny. 
 These are voir dire questions. Get them to Isaac. 
 Oh, this will be fun. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Judge : You may proceed with the questions, Counselor. 
 Isaac : What if I were to tell you that while we were sitting here in court, your car was being towed outside? 
 Perkins : Objection, Your Honor. 
 He's antagonizing the jury pool. 
 Is he serious? Did I get my car towed? 
 Yes, Counselor, are you serious? 
 Uh, it's a hypothetical. 
 No one's car was towed. 
 (earpiece beeps) 
 Bull (over transmitter) :  Rocco from Long Island. 
 How low's his co-co? 
 His what? 
 Bull : His co-co. 
 Coercion coefficient. 
 His ability to be forced into undesirable situations. 
 Like a false confession,  and, or, you know,  marriage. 
 Marissa : Uh, cute. 
 I like it... co-co. 
 Uh, his is 8.4. It's very good for us. 
 Now, gathering from his Facebook posts, he complained when his company went to 30-minute lunches, and he was demoted... twice. 
 Still works there. 
 Bull : Demoted twice. 
 Didn't leave. Lemming. 
 Poor guy would walk off a bridge  if someone told him to. 
 Marissa : I'd walk off a bridge for you, Bull. 
 Bull : Yes, that's because I'd be under it, waiting to catch you. 
 And you'd both die from the fall. 
 Cable. 
 What? I'm stating facts. 
 She's wrong; I'm very strong. 
 Okay. 
 Isaac : Let me rephrase. 
 Is it hypothetically possible you could have misread the juror parking signs and have gotten your car towed? 
 I thought I followed the directions. 
 You sure? 
 Maybe not. 
 Bull :  Caved in 30 seconds. 
 Welcome to the jury, Rocco. 
 Uh, acceptable to the defense. 
 Now, sir, excuse me. Let me ask you one question. 
 No. Now don't even try that. 
 If you towed my car, you have until I walk out of this room to bring it back. 
 Cable :  Arnold's a shift manager  for a small retailer. 
 Oversees eight employees. 
 Co-co of 1.9. 
 Mm-mm. 
 Immune to excuses,  even if they're explanations. 
 This guy's never gonna see Richard as anything but guilty. 
 Uh, we move to strike this juror. (clears throat) 
 Ma'am, I know we're told to avoid pyramid schemes... 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Heard we got nine jurors who, uh, scored high on the co-co. 
 That's encouraging. 
 We still got three who are almost impossible to convince Richard falsely confessed. 
 How'd your crime-scene tour with Murphy go? 
 Well, I think I figured out why the cops didn't find the murder weapon, because... that's the murder weapon. 
 Garbage bin? 
 I think the killer smashed her head against it. 
 (grunting) 
 See how her wound matches the bar on the garbage bin? 
 Prosecution know about this? 
 Well, I didn't want to tip my theory. 
 Hmm. 
 And it doesn't necessarily exonerate Richard. 
 Well, it makes a better story than the rebar. 
 Can we test it for DNA? 
 Nope. 
 It's rained since; washed everything away. 
 Bummer. 
 
 
 
 What do you make of Murphy? 
 I like the guy. I have a lot of friends like him, you know? 
 I mean, I get why he thinks that rebar was, uh, used as the murder weapon. 
 There's a lot of leftover construction material around the crime scene. 
 Murphy thinks he got the right guy. 
 Oh. 
 I also found this... wedged in the garbage can... You see? 
 Is that glass? 
 Yeah. 
 I can see why the cops missed that. 
 I almost did. 
 Well, let's show this photo to a glass expert. 
 That's where I'm headed. 
 Always a step ahead. 
 And let's find a non-damning reason why Richard would have Layla's blood on his shirt sleeve. 
 Dr. Bull, we trusted you, and you decided to help the killer. What about Layla?! 
 Mrs. Everton, I know this is difficult for both of you, but certain things are gonna come to light during... 
 Son of a bitch! 
 Are you sure you don't want to go to the E.R.? 
 Your jaw could be broken. 
 It's not broken. I've been punched before. 
 Girlfriends don't count. 
 Speaking of girlfriends, I think I figured out why Richard has Layla's blood on his shirt. 
 She was helping to clean up a piece of broken glass. 
 Look at that. See how she's grabbing his arm? 
 Well done. 
 Now we can focus on dismantling the confession. 
 How is our jury looking? 
 Well, after hearing opening arguments, we have two jurors suspicious enough of police behavior that they're already inclined to believe that Richard was coerced into confession. 
 In a trial where I expected to be at 12-zero, I'd say we have a head start. 
 Seven others tested high on our co-co. 
 Ah. Coercion coefficient? 
 It's cute. 
 Thank you. 
 But even though they tested high, they are open to hearing both sides of the argument. 
 They want proof that Detective Murphy forced that confession. 
 We have our work cut out for us, but I'm confident we can sway them. 
 The three I am worried about are... 
 Lily, Wendy and Doug. 
 They're the ones we have to focus our language on. 
 Marissa : Doug played hockey for Boston College. 
 He's performed well under pressure, and has a hard time understanding how Richard could crack. 
 Wendy, 42, programmer, believes in systems and order. 
 She was one of the bombs we weren't able to defuse in voir dire. 
 These are the hills we climb. 
 I'm gonna go have a serious talk with our own Clarence Darrow. 
 Detective Murphy used four psychological techniques to get Richard to make a false confession. 
 You're gonna use 'em on me? 
 No. You are gonna make Murphy acknowledge that he used each and every one of them in court. 
 We know that at least nine members of our jury have been tricked or coerced at some point in their lives. 
 And when they come to understand that Murphy used these techniques to get a false confession out of Richard, they're gonna be on our side. 
 Detective Murphy, let's talk about the 11 hours you spent... 
 Isaac : The 11 hours you spent eliciting a confession from my client. 
 For murder. Sure. 
 How many times did Richard tell you he was innocent? 
 Murphy : I couldn't tell you. What I do know is that he said he was guilty. 
 Once. 
 But before that, 59 times Richard told you he did not kill Layla Everton. 
 Does that sound about right? 
 Bull :  That sound about right? 
 That's when you hit Murphy with the first bullet point. 
 Mental exhaustion. 
 Mental exhaustion! 
 Wear your subject down, am I right? 
 Guilty is guilty, no matter when you say it. 
 Bull :  Then you move on  to technique number two... The promise of escape. 
 Detective Murphy, once Richard was exhausted, uncomfortable, claustrophobic, did you... 
 Tell him that the only way he could escape was by admitting he killed Layla? 
 You asking if I trapped him? 
 I did not. 
 I told him it would feel better to tell the truth. 
 I told you already I didn't kill Layla. 
 Will you please just let me go home? 
 Murphy (over video) : Hey, listen, until you admit what you did to her, you're not going anywhere. 
 Isaac : Well, it looks like we can check off box number two. 
 Then there's tactic number three... offer a reward. 
 Detective Murphy, isn't that exactly what you did right here? 
 Murphy : So, uh... 
 Please. I'm really thirsty. 
 Murphy : Start talking about what happened in that alley, and I'll get you a gallon of water if you want. 
 Will you look at that? 
 Three out of four. 
 One more for the clean sweep. 
 Let's talk about your final technique... forcing language. 
 Bull :  Did you feed  Richard the language that wound up  exactly... 
 Precisely, verbatim in his confession? 
 It doesn't matter what I said to Richard. 
 Okay? If you're innocent, you'll say so, no matter what. 
 Even after 11 hours? 
 Go visit a prison. 
 Every killer behind bars swears he didn't do it. 
 Isaac : Richard just found out he lost his fiancée... 
 I agree with the detective. 
 I don't care how hard you push me. 
 If I didn't do it, I'm never confessing. 
 And you prodded and you twisted his words, until he didn't think there was any other way out. 
 Did you ever consider that maybe you were pushing an innocent man to confess to a crime he didn't commit? 
 Never. 
 I'm withholding judgment until I hear from Richard. 
 Something about him... 
 He just looks guilty. 
 Well, how can three people still not be convinced? 
 They want to hear from you. 
 Well, if they want to hear from me, then I want to do it. 
 I'm concerned you're not ready. You're too emotionally raw. 
 Well, you can work with me. 
 Chunk says you're the best person alive at witness prep. 
 Can show you what the prosecution's gonna be like in court, but you're not gonna like it. 
 Have a seat. 
 So when Gavin Everton said to you you weren't good enough for his daughter, it got you angry, didn't it? 
 I don't care what Gavin Everton thinks. 
 Yeah, you looked around. 
 All of those rich girls and all her rich friends, the way they look down at you, and thought that maybe that's how Layla sees you. 
 No. No, sir. 
 Um... she loved me. We were engaged. 
 Oh, for, what, like, two weeks? 
 It was already falling apart. 
 Hey, come on. 
 I think what happened is that what Gavin said got to you. 
 And you knew that Gavin was right, because deep down, it struck a nerve. 
 He was right. You don't belong with a girl like Layla, not a guy like you. 
 You don't deserve her. 
 It wasn't like that... It was not... 
 So, when you followed her into the alley... 
 I didn't... I didn't follow her into the alley... 
 You said on the video you followed her into the alley. 
 Were you lying then, or are you lying now? 
 I wasn't lying. I'm trying to... 
 Come on! Tell me the truth! 
 Just say it. Let's get this charade over with. 
 You followed her into the alley, you didn't mean to do it, but that's what happened! 
 Okay, what do you want me to say, huh? I killed her?! 
 Okay, I dragged her body to the garbage like a piece of trash! Is that it?! 
 Aah! 
 (sighs) 
 Jury's gonna love that. 
 (sighs) 
 That's what I mean by “emotionally raw.” 
 (sighs) 
 Wait a minute. 
 How do you know her body was dragged? 
 I don't know. 
 Well, we never talked about that. 
 It was never mentioned in court. 
 Murphy must have told me. Look, what does it matter? 
 Taking apart Murphy on the stand gained us two jurors, but we still have five undecided and three locked against us. 
 During the interrogation, Detective Murphy told Richard that Layla's body had been dragged. 
 Okay. 
 Well, that information wasn't available until two days after his confession, because it was only in the M.E.'s report. 
 If the information wasn't available until two days later, how did Murphy know she was dragged? 
 Somebody must have told him. 
 So, either Murphy is hiding a witness... 
 Or he's protecting Layla's actual killer. 
 Bull : We have shown the jury what Detective Murphy did to get a confession, and they still find him credible, which is incredible, so what do you think? 
 Is Murphy protecting someone with intimate knowledge of the murder? 
 No. I don't think he's knowingly protecting the killer. 
 My guess is he has a criminal informant whose identity he wants to keep under wraps. 
 Isaac : Every witness should have been logged in his police report, even Cls. 
 Oh, that's interesting. If we can prove that he deliberately omitted a criminal informant and key witness in his report, well, ruins his credibility, and it'll swing the rest of the jury. 
 You want to put Murphy back on the stand. 
 You really think that would swing the jury? 
 Last time I had him up on the witness stand, I took him apart piece by piece. It only won us two jurors. 
 Now we can attack his credibility, not just his technique. 
 Danny : You can take him, Isaac. I can walk you through it. 
 Isaac : It's just, I've been up against cops like this. They're Teflon. 
 The jury wants to believe them. 
 Bull : Danny, put up Lily's info. 
 Her boyfriend lost his job, they had a massive fight, and she just filed a restraining order this morning. 
 So, talking about Richard's money problems is not gonna move her. 
 But Murphy's misconduct will. 
 It's time to come clean, Richard. 
 Richard : I didn't kill Layla. 
 Murphy : You dragged her dead body next to the garbage bin, you left her there like a piece of trash. 
 Richard : No, I didn't. 
 Isaac : Now, would you mind telling the court why you said that? 
 “Dragged like trash”? 
 I said it because it happened. 
 Isaac : That's from hour nine of your interrogation out of 11 excruciating hours. 
 You consider yourself a solid detective, don't you? 
 More than solid. 
 I agree. 
 You take very detailed notes. 
 But nowhere in your notes did you mention that Layla's body was dragged. 
 Actually, it's first mentioned in the medical examiner's report, which I have here. 
 Would you mind reading the date at that top of that report? 
 October 25th. 
 Isaac : Mm-hmm. Now that's two days after Richard's confession. 
 Am I right? 
 You know, math was never my strong suit. 
 You'll have to forgive me. I'm, uh, trying to sort all this out. 
 If you didn't know that Layla's body was dragged until two days after Richard's confession, why did you say that on the video? 
 I can't reveal my source. It's a confidential informant. 
 Isaac : So, there's an eyewitness to Layla Everton's murder, whose account you used to elicit a confession from Richard Fleer, and you failed to note it in your report? 
 That's correct. 
 Huh. 
 Now, I know that, uh, police are allowed to lie to suspects to illicit a confession, but is this standard to omit this information? 
 I didn't really think about it. 
 Isaac : Considering someone might go to prison for life, and how thorough you are in every other aspect, can you explain why such a critical detail didn't deserve even a second's thought? 
 Yeah. 
 Because as an officer, I have to protect my informants. 
 And I stand by him and the murder confession that resulted from this. 
 Hmm. 
 (gallery murmuring) 
 Marissa :  Five yellows  swinging green. 
 We're making progress, but there's still more to do. 
 No movement on our three reds. 
 Those three reds scored low on the co-co. 
 Which is  no bueno. 
 Hey, Chunk, can I borrow you for a second? 
 Yeah. 
 Any idea what this is? 
 I ran it past a forensic glass analyst, and there's not enough there to I.D., but he said that part right there could be a bevel. 
 A bevel? Let me see. 
 If I had to guess, I'd say it's a cuff link. 
 I had to order a bunch of those for a photo shoot a few years back. 
 The whole box came broken. 
 Cheap cuff links at a $2,000-a-plate charity ball? 
 I'd start with the service staff. 
 Thank you. 
 Benny : So, how do we convince our three red jurors that Richard's innocent? 
 Well, we make 'em fully understand what Detective Murphy put Richard through. 
 You mean we arrest and interrogate the holdouts until they break? 
 Well, we don't have to arrest 'em. 
 You're in the right neighborhood though. 
 We just have to get 'em to crack under pressure. 
 (chuckles) Look at that. 
 That's a good fortune. 
 Is that... 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 We better hurry; the trial starts back up again soon. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Ooh. Going up? 
 (clears throat) Sorry. 
 Aren't you, um...? 
 With the defense, so we can't discuss the case, yes. Or the Giants. 
 Why not the Giants? 
 Well, we wouldn't want to jinx them, would we? 
 (elevator clanks, stops) 
 Oh, no good. We're stuck. 
 Jinx. 
 Lily : Stuck? 
 No way. 
 We can't be stuck. 
 Wendy : I don't like tight spaces. 
 Bull : Just breathe. 
 What do we do? 
 Uh, push the red button. 
 Pull it. 
 (button buzzes) 
 Oh, that's the good sound. 
 Marissa (over speaker) : Security. 
 What's your emergency? 
 We got six people stuck in an elevator at the courthouse. 
 You got to send somebody to get us out right away. 
 Stand by, ma'am. 
 The hell do you mean, “stand by”? 
 There's no ventilation. 
 Okay, let's just remain calm. 
 Excuse me, are you on our way? 
 Marissa : We contacted maintenance. 
 And unfortunately, they're dealing with an unusual number of service calls today. 
 You're going to have to sit tight. 
 How long? 
 No longer than a few hours. 
 A few hours? 
 We're jurors in a trial. 
 Stand by, please. 
 Well, what do we do if somebody has to go to the bathroom? 
 We'll be fine. 
 Do it. 
 Just give 'em a little taste. 
 (elevator clanks) 
 We should get out of here. 
 I bet a medical emergency gets a response. 
 Hmm. No, we could get in trouble for that, right? 
 Yes. 
 This feels like a medical emergency. 
 Yeah. 
 (screaming, gasping) 
 Having a heart attack! 
 Let's call them back and tell them that, okay? 
 (screaming, shouting) 
 Cable! 
 I told you not to trust me with all this power. 
 It's just a little brake release. They'll be fine. Relax. 
 Lying to get out of here?! 
 I'm okay with it! 
 Doug : So am I! So am I. Yeah. 
 Hi, uh, it's the elevator people again. 
 We have someone in here going into... cardiac arrest. We need help right now. 
 It's a medical emergency. 
 We can send the fire department, but first, can you please describe the symptoms? 
 Chest pains, um, red in the face, trouble breathing! I'm pretty sure it's a coronary. 
 That's it. 
 That's what we're looking for. 
 We got 'em. 
 (elevator whirring) 
 (chuckles): Oh. 
 Luckily, the power is back up. I contacted the fire department and they're sending EMTs right away. 
 Lily : Never mind. False alarm. 
 Bull : That was not fun. 
 The jinx is lifted though. 
 Giants are going all the way. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Word of advice: take the stairs. 
 That took all of ten minutes. 
 Imagine if you were in there for 11 hours. 
 Who authorized the extra drops? 
 Tell Cable she has dish duty all next week. 
 Moment of truth. 
 Good luck. 
 Okay. 
 I made a few adjustments to your closing. 
 I-I don't understand. 
 Oh, that's a winning speech. 
 You just got to trust me. 
 Perkins : You can believe the witnesses, and you can believe the evidence. 
 But most of all, you can believe in the words right out of the mouth of the defendant, when he said, “Yes, I killed Layla Everton.” 
 People lie all the time. It's true. 
 But they lie to get out of jail, not to get into jail. 
 When you say you did it, you did it. 
 This is the definition of an open-and-shut case. 
 Isaac : Yes, it's true. 
 Richard confessed. 
 Once. 
 But he professed his innocence 59 times. 
 If Richard had money, a lawyer would've been next to him in that interrogation room. 
 Richard would've been out in minutes, not hours. 
 If Richard had money, he never would've been forced into a confession. 
 But Richard doesn't have money, so he gets me. 
 Every once in a while, someone like me gets to help an innocent man. 
 Detective Murphy forced Richard to confess. 
 And without that confession, all you have is reasonable doubt. 
 How long would you last in that interrogation room? 
 Under the right circumstances... 
 Awful, frightening, claustrophobic circumstances... 
 Don't you think even you could panic and convince yourself to say something that wasn't true if you thought it might help you escape? 
 Bull :  How you feeling? 
 Richard : I'm not sure. 
 A little freaked out. 
 I don't know how to thank you. 
 (chuckles) Well, don't thank me yet. 
 You know, when I was with Layla, it always felt like anything was possible. 
 She's the only person who ever really believed in me. 
 And, uh, now that she's gone... 
 Listen, Richard, whatever decision that jury comes back with, just remember that feeling she gave you. 
 Because what Layla saw in you is still there. 
 And I'll be the first one to book a table when you open your restaurant. 
 Why the hell'd you turn down all that money for me? 
 There was a time when, uh, I did cases for money. 
 And I never want to have to do that again. 
 The jury's back. 
 Bull : All right. 
 Here we go. 
 (gavel banging) 
 Judge : Would the foreman read the verdict? 
 On the charge of murder in the first degree, what say you? 
 We find the defendant, Richard Fleer... not guilty. 
 (gallery murmuring) 
 Judge : Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, thank you for your service and for being an integral part of the judicial system. 
 Thank you. 
 Judge : You are dismissed. 
 (gavel bangs) 
 I think now I can thank you. 
 Time to open a restaurant. 
 All right. 
 There may be reasonable doubt, Dr. Bull, but I'm not convinced. 
 I told you I'd get justice for Layla. 
 What do you mean? 
 One of my team just got a lead on the real killer. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay, I'm meeting Nick tomorrow, and this is driving me mad. 
 So ruin the end of the movie. 
 Read the last page of the novel and spill it. 
 How 'bout I just show you? 
 Oh. 
 Wow. (laughter) 
 Chunk : So he's into the Renaissance fair. 
 This is why you should let me tell you. 
 No. I never should've let you in my head. 
 I prefer to be surprised. 
 And now when he tells me, I've got to fake it. 
 The question is: how do you organically bring it into the conversation? 
 I've picked up a few interrogation techniques. 
 At the library. 
 (laughter) 
 Stop. Just stop. 
 You want me to talk to your mother again? 
 No. This is Detective Murphy's redemption. 
 Remember that piece of glass I found? 
 It's from a $12 cuff link. 
 So I ran a background on the service staff and came across a friend of Richard's who had a sexual assault conviction wiped off his record. 
 Hmm. Guy's name is Dominick. 
 The cuff link proves he was the killer. 
 He originally told Murphy that he saw Richard kill Layla. 
 But when we interrogated him an hour ago, Dominick confessed. 
 So Murphy didn't know his C.I. was the killer. 
 He trusted him. 
 Hmm. Disturbing. 
 Wow. 
 You're just full of surprises. What's this? 
 That is from the Evertons. They were at the police station when Dominick gave his confession. They wanted you to have that. 
 Said it was a thank you for keeping your word. 
 That's our full fee. 
 Salud. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 