Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Welcome to Republic City - The Legend of Korra 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Welcome to Republic City https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=974&t=38175 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/10/20 07:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Welcome to Republic City 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Earth. 
 Fire. 
 Air. 
 Water. 
 When I was a boy, my father, Avatar Aang,  told me the story of how he and his friends  heroically ended the Hundred Year war. 
 Avatar Aang and Fire Lord Zuko transformed the Fire Nation colonies  into the United Republic of Nations,  a society where benders and non-benders  from all over the world could live and thrive together in peace and harmony. 
 They named the capital of this great land Republic City. 
 Avatar Aang accomplished many remarkable things in his life. 
 But sadly, his time in this world came to an end. 
 And like the cycle of the seasons, the cycle of the Avatar began anew. 
 The White Lotus has honored my family by coming. 
 Thank you. 
 Welcome. 
 We have investigated many claims, both here and in the Northern Tribe. 
 All have turned out to be false. 
 Then you should be happy to know your search has come to an end. 
 What makes you so sure your daughter is the one? 
 Korra, please come in here. 
 I'm the Avatar. 
 You got to deal with it. 
 She's strong. 
 She lacks restraint. 
 Hey, why all the doom and gloom, people? 
 We should be celebrating! 
 Three elements down, one to go. 
 You're getting ahead of yourself as usual, Korra. 
 We haven't decided if you passed your firebending test yet. 
 Ever since you were a little girl,  you've excelled at the physical side of bending,  but completely ignored the spiritual side. 
 The Avatar must master both. 
 I haven't ignored it, it just doesn't come as easy to me. 
 But that's why I should start training with Tenzin immediately. 
 He's Mr. 
 Spiritual. 
 Do you believe she's ready, Master Katara? 
 Yes, if anyone can teach her what she needs to learn, it's Tenzin. 
 Very well, Korra. 
 It's time for you to begin your airbending training. 
 Yes! 
 Finally! 
 I mean, thank you all for believing in me. 
 Naga, you should've seen it. 
 I kicked some Firebender butt. 
 And I passed. 
 Tenzin will be here in a few days. 
 Just taking Naga out for a stroll. 
 Don't worry, we're not going far. 
 Naga, go! 
 Thatta girl! 
 Go, go, go! 
 Are we there yet? 
 Are we there yet? 
 Are we there yet? 
 It looks like we're there. 
 I know this. 
 This is very familiar. 
 Are we here yet? 
 Are we here yet? 
 - Please tell me we're here! 
 - Yes, Ikki. 
 As I've been telling you for the last 15 minutes,  we are finally here. 
 Hello, Mother. 
 I can't tell you how happy I am to see you. 
 Please... 
 Help me. 
 Unhand me, strange woman! 
 That's your grandmother, Meelo. 
 It's so good to see all of you. 
 Gran-Gran, I've been reading all about your old adventures,  I've been dying to ask you. 
 What happened to Zuko's mom? 
 Well, Jinora, it's an incredible tale... 
 Gran-Gran, you look old. 
 How old are you? 
 And why is it so cold in the South Pole? 
 Can we make a campfire and all huddle around it,  and tell scary stories and make snowmen? 
 And then can you make the snowmen move with waterbending and chase us? 
 Wouldn't that be fun? 
 Wouldn't it? 
 Pema, let me help you. 
 Careful, now. 
 Careful. 
 Stop doting on me. 
 I'm not helpless, I'm just pregnant. 
 The baby's strong. 
 I see another Airbender in your future. 
 All I want is one child like me. 
 A nice non-bender, who doesn't blast wind in my face every five seconds. 
 Mommy, look! 
 I'm a Snowbender! 
 Were Tenzin and his siblings this crazy when they were kids? 
 Kya and Bumi certainly were,  but Tenzin has always been rather serious. 
 Mother, please. 
 Korra? 
 Look at you. 
 So big and strong. 
 You've grown into quite the young Avatar. 
 Master Tenzin, I'm so glad you're here. 
 I can't wait to get started. 
 Yes, well. 
 You're going to have to tell her sooner or later. 
 Wait, tell me what? 
 You're not staying, are you? 
 I'm afraid not. 
 We're only visiting for the night. 
 Then I have to return to Republic City. 
 But, no, you're supposed to move here. 
 You're supposed to teach me. 
 I'm sorry, Korra. 
 Your airbending training is going to have to wait. 
 So how long until you're ready to teach me airbending? 
 A week? 
 A month? 
 It could be much longer. 
 I don't understand. 
 Why are you making me wait? 
 I have a responsibility to Republic City. 
 I'm one of its leaders. 
 And the situation there is very unstable right now. 
 But you also have a responsibility to teach me. 
 Believe me, I'd be happy to find another airbending master,  but you're the only one. 
 We're stuck with each other. 
 I wish there were another way. 
 Wait, there is! 
 If you can't stay here,  then I'll go back to Republic City with you. 
 It's perfect! 
 Absolutely not! 
 The city is far too dangerous. 
 Avatar Aang tasked us with keeping you safe  while you mastered the four elements. 
 I get that, but I don't think keeping me locked up in this compound  like a prisoner is what he had in mind. 
 I know this is difficult to accept,  but it's not the right time for you to come to the city. 
 Whatever. 
 Goodbye, Gran-Gran. 
 Oogi, yip yip. 
 Nice night for an escape, isn't it? 
 I have to leave. 
 I have to find my own path as the Avatar. 
 I know you do. 
 Aang's time has passed. 
 My brother and many of my friends are gone. 
 It's time for you and your generation to take on the responsibility  of keeping peace and balance in the world. 
 And I think you're going to be a great Avatar. 
 Thank you. 
 Goodbye, Korra. 
 Mom, Dad... 
 I'll miss you. 
 We love you so much. 
 Naga, we're here! 
 Thanks for the ride! 
 Wow, look at this place. 
 I've never seen so many Sato-mobiles. 
 Air Temple island. 
 That's where Tenzin lives. 
 You ready for a little swim, girl? 
 Okay, okay! 
 Food first, then Air Temple. 
 Watch it, Naga! 
 Look out! 
 Watch where you're going! 
 Sorry about that. 
 Excuse us. 
 Coming through. 
 Heads up. 
 Sorry, we're new in town. 
 Naga, wait. 
 We'll take one of everything, please. 
 That'll be 20 yuans. 
 I don't have any money. 
 Then what good are you to me? 
 Don't worry, girl. 
 This city's huge. 
 I bet we can find a place to rustle up something to eat. 
 Say, think I can get one of them tasty-smelling fishies? 
 Yeah, sure! 
 So do you live in that bush? 
 Yes, presently that is what I do call home. 
 Took me a while to procure a bush that beauteous. 
 This park is quite popular with all the vagabonds. 
 So there are a lot of you out here? 
 I thought everyone in this city was living it up. 
 You got a lot to learn, newcomer. 
 Welcome to Republic City! 
 Hey, you! 
 Stop! 
 You can't fish here! 
 You best skedaddle! 
 Are you tired of living under the tyranny of benders? 
 Then join the Equalists! 
 For too long,  the bending elite of this city have forced non-benders  to live as lower-class citizens. 
 Join Amon, and together we will tear down the bending establishment! 
 What are you talking about? 
 Bending is the coolest thing in the world. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 Let me guess, you're a bender. 
 Yeah, I am. 
 And I bet you'd just love to knock me off this platform  with some waterbending, huh? 
 I'm seriously thinking about it. 
 This is what's wrong with the city. 
 Benders like this girl only use their power to oppress us! 
 What? 
 I'm not oppressing anyone. 
 You're oppressing yourself. 
 That didn't even make sense. 
 Excuse me, I think I'm lost. 
 How do I get to Air Temple island from here? 
 Just head down this street... 
 You should get moving, young lady. 
 It isn't safe. 
 Mr. 
 Chung, please tell me that you have my money,  or else I can't guarantee I can protect your fine establishment. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Business has been slow. 
 Please. 
 Take one of my phonographs. 
 My friend here is not a music lover. 
 Give me the money, or else... 
 Or else what, hoodlum? 
 Since you're obviously fresh off the boat,  let me explain a couple things. 
 You're in Triple Threat Triad territory,  and we're about to put you in the hospital. 
 You're the only ones who are going to need a hospital. 
 And for your sake, I hope there's one nearby. 
 Who do you think you are? 
 Why don't you come and find out? 
 
 
 
 - What just happened? 
 - Did she just earthbend? 
 - Can she firebend, too? 
 - Could she be... 
 Got an idea about who I am now, chumps? 
 Come on! 
 You're not getting away. 
 Police! 
 Freeze where you are! 
 Cool. 
 Metalbenders. 
 I caught the bad guys for you, Officers. 
 Arrest them. 
 You're under arrest, too. 
 What do you mean I'm under arrest? 
 Those are the bad guys over there. 
 They were smashing up a shop. 
 From the looks of it, you smashed up a lot more than that. 
 Wait, you can't arrest me. 
 Let me explain. 
 You can explain yourself all you like down at headquarters. 
 Let's See. 
 Multiple counts of destruction of private and city property. 
 Not to mention evading arrest. 
 You're in a whole mess of trouble, young lady. 
 But there were some thugs threatening a helpless shopkeeper  - and I had to... 
 - Can it! 
 You should have called the police and stayed out of the way. 
 But I couldn't just sit by and do nothing. 
 It's my duty to help people. 
 See, I'm the Avatar. 
 Oh, I am well aware of who you are. 
 And your "Avatar' title might impress some people, but not me."  All right. 
 Fine. 
 Then I want to talk to whoever's in charge. 
 You're talking to her. 
 I'm Chief Beifong. 
 Wait. 
 Beifong? 
 Lin Beifong? 
 You're Toph's daughter! 
 What of it? 
 Well, then why are you treating me like a criminal? 
 Avatar Aang and your mother were friends. 
 They saved the world together. 
 That's ancient history. 
 And it's got diddly-squat to do with the mess you're in right now. 
 You can't just waltz in here  and dole out vigilante justice like you own the place. 
 Chief. 
 Councilman Tenzin is here. 
 Let him in. 
 Tenzin. 
 Sorry, I got a little sidetracked on my way to see you. 
 Lin, you are looking radiant as usual. 
 Cut the garbage, Tenzin. 
 Why is the Avatar in Republic City? 
 I thought you were supposed to be  moving down to the South Pole to train her. 
 My relocation has been delayed. 
 The Avatar, on the other hand,  will be heading back to the South Pole immediately. 
 - Where she will stay put. 
 - But... 
 if you would be so kind  as to drop the charges against Korra,  I will take full responsibility for today's regrettable events  and cover all the damages. 
 Fine. 
 Get her out of my city. 
 Always a pleasure, Lin. 
 Let's go, Korra. 
 Tenzin, please. 
 Don't send me back home. 
 You blatantly disobeyed my wishes, and the Orders of the White Lotus. 
 Katara agreed with me that I should come. 
 She said my destiny is in Republic City. 
 Don't bring my mother into this! 
 Look, I can't wait any longer to finish my training. 
 Being cooped up and hidden away from the world  isn't helping me become a better Avatar. 
 I saw a lot of the city today and it's totally out of whack. 
 I understand now why you need to stay. 
 Republic City does need you. 
 But it needs me, too! 
 Is this your polar bear-dog, miss? 
 - Korra! 
 - Korra! 
 Are you coming to live with us on the island? 
 No, I'm sorry, Ikki. 
 I have to go home now. 
 Wait. 
 I have done my best to guide Republic City  towards the dream my father had for it. 
 But you are right, it has fallen out of balance since he passed. 
 I thought I should put off your training in order to uphold his legacy. 
 But you are his legacy. 
 You may stay and train airbending here with me. 
 Republic City needs its Avatar once again. 
 Yes! 
 Thank you! 
 You're the best! 
 Hello? 
 I'm Korra, your new Avatar. 
 Does this mean you've moved to Republic City? 
 Were you trying to send a message to the Triads yesterday? 
 Will you be fighting crime or the anti-bending revolution? 
 Or both? 
 Will you be working with Chief Beifong and the police? 
 Yes, I am definitely here to stay, but, honestly... 
 I don't exactly have a plan yet. 
 See, I'm still in training, but... 
 Look, all I know is Avatar Aang meant for this city  to be the center of peace and balance in the world. 
 And I believe we can make his dream a reality. 
 I look forward to serving you. 
 I'm so happy to be here. 
 Thank you, Republic City. 
 All right, that's all the questions the... 
 Amon, how do you want to handle this? 
 So the Avatar has arrived early. 
 It looks like we will have to accelerate our plans. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 