Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - The Sting - The Legend of Korra 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - The Sting https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=974&t=38224 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/14/20 08:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - The Sting 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Earth. 
 Fire. 
 Air. 
 Water. 
 Only the Avatar can master all four elements and bring balance to the world. 
 - synced and corrected by wilsonSomeone has attacked the Southern Water Tribe cultural center. 
 All the evidence points to Northern sympathizers, but Mako suspects there's more to this case. 
 Meanwhile, Varrick has cast Bolin as the hero of his newest mover. 
 Asami has also ventured into business with Varrick, and a shipment of her mecha-tanks is on its way to help the South in its war against Unalaq. 
 [Beeping] 
 [Beeping] 
 We're under attack! 
 Varrick is not gonna be happy about this. 
 [Wind whistling] 
 Where is he? 
 Father said he would meet us at this location. 
 He'll be here. 
 Were you just in the spirit world? 
 Never mind that. 
 Where is the Avatar? 
 She was within our grasp until a dark spirit attacked her. 
 They're out of control. 
 You didn't get her? 
 The Avatar is dead. 
 [Exciting music] 
 ♪    We finally made it. 
 Now we must stop the Evil Unalaq! 
 [Crowd cheering] 
 The Southern Water Tribe is mine. 
 Next, I will conquer the world with my water-bending doomsday device! 
 [Crowd jeering] 
 Don't worry, Juji and Roh-Tan, I will end the Evil Unalaq's reign of terror. 
 For I am Nuktuk, hero of the South! 
 [Crowd cheers] 
 Nuktuk, you're not just the hero of the South, you're our best friend. 
 Nuktuk-ity! 
 You two are the best snow raccoon and arctic panda a guy could ask for. 
 All: Aww. 
 ♪ Who's gonna fight for friends and freedom? ♪    
 ♪ Nuktuk ♪    
 ♪ he's the biggest, baddest ♪  
 ♪ bendingest man I know ♪   
 ♪ who protects the icy tundra? Nuktuk ♪    
 ♪ battling northies out there in the snow ♪    
 ♪ when Unalaq starts trouble ♪   
 ♪ he'll punch him in the mouth ♪   
 ♪ he's Nuktuk, the hero of the South ♪   
 [Cheering] 
 Bolin, look up there. 
 What do you see? 
 I... 
 is this a trick question? 
 I'll tell you what I see... 
 a star being born. 
 You're a star. 
 People love stars. 
 Stars tell them what to think and how to act. 
 Bolin, have you ever tried to force a monkey-marmot to ride a bicycle? 
 Uh... not that I can recall. 
 Of course you haven't. 
 You can't force monkey-marmots to do anything. 
 They've got to want to do it themselves. 
 - Right. 
 - With these movers, we'll have the support of the people, and before long, they'll persuade the president to lend his troops to the war effort. 
 [Sinister laugh] 
 My evil plan is working. 
 I've captured Nuktuk's beautiful girlfriend. 
 Not so fast, Evil Unalaq! 
 Oh, I will save my true love and the South! 
 [Heroic music] 
 Both: Unh! 
 And now, your time is up. 
 [Dramatic music] 
 [Men grunting] 
 It's no use fighting, Nuktuk. 
 My anti-energy net makes bending impossible. 
 [Sinister laugh] 
 No! 
 Please. 
 Power... 
 weakening. 
 Nuk-terrible. 
 Will this be the end of Nuktuk? 
 Can he escape from Unalaq's trap and save the beautiful Ginger?  Find out next week on The Adventures of Nuktuk: 
 Hero of the South. 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 Wow. 
 We got some major chemistry on-screen. 
 
 - Am I right? 
 - Yeah. 
 On-screen. [Scoffs] What's wrong? Are you mad because I left you in the clutches of the Evil Unalaq? I'm gonna save you in the next episode. Ginger, let's work through this. Varrick, another one of your ships has been captured. Darn it, Zhu Li, haven't I told you I hate getting bad news without first getting good news? Oh, well, the good news is it looks like your first mover has gotten a great reception. That's old news! Let's go. [Door opens] Is it true? I'm so sorry. Your entire shipment was stolen. Without that sale, I don't know how much longer I can keep my company going. What am I gonna do? Don't worry. I'm gonna find whoever's responsible. Chief Beifong is about to question the captain of the ship. [Feedback hum] I know it's been a long day, but walk me through what happened. We were ambushed about   klicks outside the harbor. We never heard them coming. This is the third attack this week. At about the same location. Yep, and smack-dab in Republic city's jurisdiction, which means another problem for us. All this stress is gonna turn old black beauty gray. It's gotta be Northern Water Tribe. They're trying to stop supply lines to the South. I agree. Is there anything else about the attack you remember? Anything unusual? There is one thing. The bombs exploded in a way I've never seen before. They didn't have fuses. It was like they were being detonated remotely. Like the bombs at the cultural center. Wait, where are you going? I gotta grab some evidence. Asami, I heard the news. I can't believe they took my fifth favorite ship in the Varrick industries fleet! Named her after my mom. Rest in peace, rocky bottom. Without the money from that shipment, Future Industries is almost broke. Chief, I think there's a link between this attack and the attack at the cultural center. What do you think you're doing? Solving this case. Did any of the people who attacked you have one of these in their hand? I think it's a remote detonator. It was too dark to see anything. Mako! Chief, I don't think the people who attacked were Northern Water ribe. Of course they were Northern Water Tribe. They were water-bending. Was this one of the guys who attacked? No, I don't recognize him. Oh, that's embarrassing. [Chuckles] Nice try, rookie. Mako, leave. Now. Great work, everybody. Another open and shut case for the dynamic mustachioed duo! Wait, I think Mako might be onto something. Chief, I know it's a long shot, but I have an idea how we can catch these guys. Yeah, let's all listen to the rookie. He's doing a better job than you. Who's hungry? - Enough! - [Clears throat] I don't want to hear your lame-brained rookie ideas. You're a beat cop, not a detective. Now hit the street and do your job! [Both laughing] Lu and Gang are idiots. I hate them and their stupid mustaches. Forget them. What's this idea of yours? A sting operation. I was thinking we'd set up a bait ship, take it out into the open ocean, and capture whoever attacks it. Let's do it. It's not that easy. For the plan to work, we need the police, and Beifong already said no. We can make it work, just the two of us. I don't know. I don't want to go behind Beifong's back. If she finds out, I could get kicked off the force. Mako, I need your help. My mom is gone. My dad is in jail. Future industries is all I have left of my family. I want to help you, but this is more than a two-person job. First of all, we'd need a ship. Both: Aah! You need a ship? I got a ship. I want in on whatever you're talking about. I love being in on plans. The less you know, the better. Perfect! I love not knowing things. All right, I'm in. Let's get these guys. [Sea gulls squawking] [Metal doors squeak] The ship's all loaded with the dummy crates. Let's get this sting operation going. Not yet. We need some extra manpower. What about Korra? No better muscle than the Avatar. Right, uh... Korra. Yeah, actually, she's, um... she's out of town right now. Everything okay with you two? Yeah, yeah. Forget about Korra. I'll go talk to Bolin. [Old-timey jazz music] ♪     Hey, Mako, what do you think? I did a little redecorating. It turns out that one of the perks of being a star... you get lots of cash. Is this a marble statue of you? It's also a hat rack. We don't even have hats. That's because we've never had a hat rack. And now we do. Mako, you seem stressed. I think you need to take a little dipity dip. I don't have time to take a dipity dip, okay? I'm trying to catch whoever's been attacking the shipments, - and I need your help. - You need my help? [Groans] I don't know. I'm kinda busy. You're sitting in a hot tub. I'm maintaining my instrument. As an actor, my body is my instrument. Are you gonna help or not? You know, I recall a time when I needed your help, and you basically told me to get a life. So that's a no. What am I supposed to do now? I don't know, Mako. Figure it out. Remember? That's what you said to me. Hurts, doesn't it? - [Grunts] - [Screams] Ow! My instrument! [Dog barks in distance] Are you sure this is a good idea? No, but it's our last resort. Hey, Mako. Whatever you think we did, we didn't do it. I'm not here on police business. I'm running an off-the-books operation, and I thought the triple threats might want a piece of the action. How big a piece? So Mr. Law and Order needs our help, huh? What's in it for the triple threats? I am personal friends with the Avatar. I might be able to convince her to give shady shin his bending back. Sounds good to me, boss. What about the rest of us? I've got vehicles, all brand-new and top of the line. They can be yours if you help. I think we got ourselves a deal. This is right around the area where the attacks happened. So keep your eyes peeled, and stay quiet. I agree. Keep quiet, mouth zipped, don't say a word. That's the best thing to do when you're trying to ambush somebody, which is what we're doing here, and it's basically what I'm always doing. I mean, I am a gangster, after all, and... Two toed ping, please. Oh, right. So what's it like dating the Avatar? [Sighs] Come on, Mako, I gotta know. Ping, stay focused! What? Why are you so weird about it? If I was dating the Avatar, I'd tell you all about it. There's nothing to know. I broke up with her. You broke up? When? Why didn't you tell me? I don't know. [Laughs] Yeah, right. You broke up with the Avatar. Like that happened. Hey, Shady Shin, Viper. Mako says he broke up with the Avatar. - Sure he did. - Yeah, I did too. [Laughter] All right, would you guys knock it off and do your job? And action! Forget about me. You must capture the Evil Unalaq before he gets away. No! I'll never leave you. Mm! Cut! There's no kiss in the script. Sorry, I just kinda lost myself in the moment. - It just felt so right. - Ugh! It did, huh? Your girlfriend's about to die, and instead of untying her, you kiss her. Wait a minute! Maybe that will work. Yes! It's genius! Everybody take five. Except for you, Zhu Li. Grab the tweezers. I've got some neck-hair issues to resolve. 
 
 [Bell rings] So... that kiss. I liked it. And it seemed like you liked it too. Ugh! You're confusing Ginger the actress with Ginger the character. Okay, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm totally getting, like, a weird vibe from you right now. It's like, a minute ago, when we were shooting, you were into me, but now you're not. That's because Ginger loves Nuktuk, not Bolin. But Nuktuk is Bolin. I'm a hero. [Sighs] And that's why they call me two toed ping. Because you have two extra toes. That's right. And there was already a twelve toed ping on the South side. Wait, guys. Do you hear that? I didn't hear anything. - No. - Ah! What's taking so long? You just gotta relax, like me. Maybe try taking your shoes off. I'm gonna check it out. So how long do we have to stay out here? I told you, it's gonna be a few hours. What, do you have a hot date? Actually, I do. And I wanna look my best. I gotta shower and shave. I have a whole routine, okay? Well, your date's gonna have to wait. She's not gonna be happy about that. Too bad. We were paid to keep Mako and that dame distracted for a few hours, so that's what we're gonna do. See, this is why I never get dates. I just overheard Shady Shin and Viper. We've been double-crossed. We have to get off this ship. Where do you think you're going? [Grunts] Get 'em! [Shouts] [Grunts] [Screams] Aah! [Dramatic music] ♪     They're getting closer. Not for long. [Ship horn blares] Watch out! We're not gonna make it. All: Aah! One down, one to go. Both: Oh! [Engine stalls] [Engine sputters] We're stalled. [Grunts] Unh! Uhh! Ooh! [Engine starts] Mako, hang onto something. Unh! What was that all about? Someone paid the triple threats to keep us distracted. Distracted? From what? Oh, no. Whoever paid the triple threats stole everything. I'm ruined. My company... it's over. We should check out your other warehouses. Maybe they didn't have time to hit them all. You don't understand. Everything I had was in here. We have to search the place for evidence. If we can find a lead... Mako... it doesn't matter anymore. I can figure this out. Just stop. It's over. I give up. Well, I'm not giving up on you. [Gasps] Sorry, I... Uh... it's... it's okay. Um... anyway... I gotta run. I'm gonna find out who did this. And I know just who to ask. Hey, Mako. Uh, you're not mad about last night, are you? Who hired you to double-cross us? - I don't know. - I think you do know. And you're gonna tell me, or we're gonna have to change your name to "No toed ping." Really, I don't know. You have to believe me. We never met the guy who hired us. [Chuckles] You expect me to believe that? After you left the hideout, some mook showed up and said his boss would pay us to keep you distracted. We'd never seen him before, and we ain't seen him since. Come on, Mako, you know how these deals work. Please. I would never lie to you with my lucky toes on the line. Get out of here. [Panting] Bolin, have you seen Varrick around? Bolin! [Sighs] Nuktuk. Yes? Oh, hello, Mako. Didn't notice you there. [Sighs] Where's Varrick? I need to ask him something. Hmm. Can't say that I've seen him. But I've been kinda busy, you know, rehearsing for my big scene. There's gonna be some crazy "pyrotechnics." That's mover speak for explosions. We need Nuktuk on set. Running explosion scene. Or sometimes we just call them explosions. Anyway, wish I could stand around here and chitchat, but you know, I gotta go shoot my big scene. [Bell rings] Okay, the set is clear. Camera's rolling. And... action! Ginger, stay down! I'm coming for you. [Running footsteps] [Explosions] How did you rig those explosions - to go off like that? - Neat, huh? It's a Varrick Industries exclusive. Here, check it out. The explosions use a remote detonator. Varrick. Asami, I think I know who set us up. Hello, Mako. What are you doing here? He just saved my company. Varrick bought a controlling interest in Future Industries. Isn't that great? Yep, I like to think I'm always there to stand up for the little guy. Especially if that little guy can help this guy become a bigger guy. So what were you saying, Mako? You think you know who hired the triple threats? Yeah, and I'm real close to proving it. I'll fill you in later. [Footsteps] [Grunts] [Gasps] Get away from me! [Exhausted groans] It's okay, we're here to help you, Avatar Korra. Who's... who's Avatar Korra? What happened to you? How did you end up on our island? I... don't know. I can't remember anything. [Sighs] [Groans] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 