Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Cat and Mouse - Salem 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Cat and Mouse https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=90&t=11211 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/16/14 06:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Cat and Mouse 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Salem"... 
 Increase: This whore is hereby banished. 
 Anne: I am sorry about your girl. 
 Aah! 
 Increase: He is rendered incapable of speech. 
 Mercy: Tituba held a spider to her neck. She seemed to feed it. 
 Increase: You have but to tell me a name. 
 Tituba: [Whispers indistinctly] 
 Increase: And she started with Mercy Lewis. 
 Mary: Mercy? 
 Increase: I will have her and her girls. 
 Mary: She's not here. She went out this afternoon. She's not returned. 
 Increase: You can imagine my shock to discover that John Alden stands behind all of Salem's horror. 
 Selectman: I place you under arrest for witchcraft. 
 [Rooster crows, horse neighs] 
 Increase: There was a time I wished you my own son. 
 John: Then you know I'm no witch. 
 Increase: Sadly, Captain... 
 I do not know you at all anymore. 
 Mary: Do you truly believe him guilty? 
 Increase: Whatever I believe of John Alden is not at issue here. 
 This is why we have a trial. 
 Mary: A trial of John Alden. 
 Increase: Does this surprise you? 
 Your own servant's accusations were firm and... and very clear. 
 Unless... 
 Unless, of course, perhaps your own feelings cloud your judgment? 
 Mary: Any feelings I once had for John Alden were extinguished once I gave my heart to George. 
 Increase: Ah. 
 Mary: But it is not my feelings that concern me. 
 Increase: Then whose? 
 Mary: Salem's. 
 John Alden is a firebrand, but he is adored by the commoners. 
 I've already heard their whispers of dismay. 
 Increase: Tell me... are you suggesting that I not bring Alden to trial? 
 Mary: No. I am suggesting you do not fight this battle alone. 
 Allow the select board to decide whether a trial is warranted. 
 With their backing... and I assure you, you have it fully... you will quell any dissent. 
 Increase: And are you confident that the board will vote to bring Alden to trial? 
 Mary: As sure as I stand before you. 
 Increase: Yes. 
 I shall summon the board at once. Thank you. 
 Mary: Oh, and, Reverend? 
 Any luck in finding mercy Lewis? 
 She, too, must face her day of reckoning. 
 Increase: Not yet. 
 But I'm a patient man. 
 And a witch can't hide forever. 
 ["Cupid Carries a Gun" plays] 
 ♪ Pound me the witch drums ♪ 
♪ witch drums ♪ 
♪ pound me the witch drums ♪ 
♪ pound me the witch drums ♪ 
♪ the witch drums ♪ 
♪ better pray for hell ♪ 
♪ not hallelujah ♪ 
 Anne: What is it? Tell me. 
 And why you felt the need to destroy it. 
 Mr. Hale: Tell you? 
 Was it not you who just told me that it was a magical transporting mask? 
 Did I get that right? 
 Anne: Don't you dare mock me. 
 I've afforded you the privacy to explain. 
 Mr. Hale: Which I have done many times. 
 It is an artifact of my travels. 
 Anne: Stop. 
 No more lies. I simply want the truth. 
 Mr. Hale: The truth of the mask? 
 Anne: The truth of you. 
 Of who and what you are. 
 Fine. 
 Perhaps there is someone who is not yet tired of my questions, someone with knowledge of other worlds who isn't afraid to share it. 
 Increase Mather. 
 Mr. Hale: What on earth would you want to bother him with this nonsense for? 
 Anne: Nonsense? 
 Why don't we see if Increase regards this as nonsense? 
 For I do not believe he will. 
 Mr. Hale: Anne. 
 Anne! 
 Increase: Mm. 
 Do you know why I came back to Salem? 
 Cotton: Lovely. 
 More questions I can answer to your dissatisfaction. 
 Increase: Not only to hunt witches, but to make a man of my son. 
 Cotton: You found some witches? 
 So your trip is not a total loss. 
 Increase: Do you really not see the path that I've set you on? 
 The whore is gone. 
 A rare opportunity awaits you now to announce yourself before the entire province. 
 Cotton: And what is that? 
 Increase: Tomorrow I shall bring John Alden's case before the board. 
 Cotton, you are a persuasive... nay, a gifted speaker. 
 I want you there by my side. 
 Cotton: I will not. 
 John Alden is my friend, perhaps my only one. 
 Increase: And you would allow friendship to stand in the way of your own elevation? 
 Cotton: He is innocent. 
 And you know it. 
 Increase: Do I? 
 Do you? 
 A man shares your whiskey and suddenly you can... you can see into his very soul and attest that it has not been blackened by the devil. 
 I, myself, possess no such omniscience. 
 You know, long ago, I faced the same dilemma as you. 
 It was state the case against a fellow student, a classmate, a young man I... I quite liked, or remain silent and allow an accused witch to walk free. 
 Cotton: And let me guess. 
 You watched him burn. 
 Increase: No. 
 I let my feelings intercede, and the young man was freed. 
 And two years later, he slit the throats of two virgins in a satanic ritual. 
 My mistake. 
 And it has haunted me ever since. 
 So consider carefully your decision. 
 You know me well. 
 Just how well do you know John Alden? 
 Mr. Hale: I surveyed the board per your request. 
 Mary: And? 
 Mr. Hale: Six of the selectmen will, indeed, opt to take Alden to trial. 
 The other five, loyal to the memory of his father, will vote for dismissal. 
 Mary: That leaves two seats. 
 Mr. Hale: I shall vote as you have asked. 
 I assure you. 
 Mary: So this leaves me, as a proxy for my ailing husband, to break the tie. 
 Come. Let's get this over with. 
 Increase: Must we not hold all our citizens, both commoner and the sons of privilege, to the same standard? 
 When they cheat, must they not be pilloried? 
 When they steal, must they not be whipped? 
 And when they fail to uphold their promise to God and choose, instead, to take league with the devil, must they not then be judged by their decision? 
 Mary: Thank you, Reverend. 
 I believe the board is ready to vote. 
 Captain Alden has been accused of the practice of witchcraft. 
 The good Reverend has graciously agreed to allow the board to decide whether he should go to trial. 
 So, those who believe that Captain Alden should be tried as a witch? 
 Six for trial. 
 And those who believe that Captain Alden's distinguished character renders such accusations baseless? 
 Five for dismissal. 
 Mr. Hale? 
 Salem awaits your vote. 
 Mr. Hale: Dismissal. 
 Mary: Ah. 
 Six to six. 
 Which means I must break the deadlock. 
 And I shall cast my vote... 
 Increase: Actually, Mrs. Sibley... 
 Your vote is not required. 
 You will be pleased to learn that George's health has progressed, at least to the point where he is able to cast his own vote. 
 Thank you, doctor. 
 Mary: Reverend, you yourself said that he was held in the witch's grip. 
 Increase: Perhaps. Perhaps not. 
 His condition has steadily improved. 
 Mary: Improved? He cannot speak. 
 He can barely move. 
 All he can do... Is spit. 
 Increase: Yes, precisely. 
 George, my dear old friend, if you can understand the words that I am speaking to you, please spit. 
 Ha! 
 Mary: This is ludicrous. 
 Increase: Actually, Mrs. Sibley, it is anything but. 
 Your husband is a selectman and he is eager to perform his civic duty. 
 Well, then. Sir? 
 And now, George, tell me... do you believe that this man, John Alden, should now stand trial? 
 Yea or nay? 
 If your answer is in the affirmative, will you please spit? 
 Return him to the jail. 
 Captain John Alden will stand trial on the charge of witchcraft. 
 [insects chirping] 
 [Horse neighs] 
 Mary: Open it. 
 Man: Yes, ma'am. 
 Mary: Now leave us. 
 Man: Yes, ma'am. 
 [Door closes] 
 Mary: I warned you. 
 I told you that should you stay in Salem, you would die here. 
 John: So you came here to remind me? Or to bury me? 
 Mary: I came to apologize. 
 Not for today's vote, but for the one that I cast that sent you on this course. 
 Had I accepted your offer to go to New York, far from this place, we would know nothing of votes or trials or Increase Mather. 
 John: And if I hadn't gone to war or you hadn't married Sibley. 
 There was no one choice that sent our course awry. 
 Mary: Listen to me. 
 If you go to trial, they will hang you. 
 But there is still a way to prevent such a fate. 
 They cannot try you if you are not here to be tried. 
 John: Escape? 
 Is that what you... Mary: I will arrange it. 
 It won't be easy, but properly planned. 
 I have resources, means at my disposal... 
 Mary. 
 Far more widespread than you might imagine. 
 John: Mary, no. 
 I won't go. 
 Mary: But a trial will result with you in the gallows. 
 You must know this. 
 John: You know, I always wondered why Giles Corey never fought back, why he let them press him to death rather than plead to their charges. 
 But now I know. 
 He knew he lost the moment he played their game, dignified their madness. 
 So, no, I won't run, not from my birthplace. 
 I'd rather die here. 
 Mary: [Sniffles] 
 And so perhaps you will get your wish. 
 Anne: Reverend Mather? 
 Increase: You're the Hale girl. 
 Anne: Anne, sir. 
 Increase: Do you wish to speak to me, or are you simply content to watch me eat? 
 Anne: I have a question... 
 Of witches. 
 Increase: Indeed. 
 Are you merely curious or have you encountered one? 
 Anne: Well... 
 Mr. Hale: Anne, there you are. 
 Interrupting Reverend Mather's dinner. 
 Increase: She was querying me about witchcraft. 
 Mr. Hale: Was she? 
 Anne: Reverend Mather was about to answer my questions that others seem unable to answer truthfully. 
 Mr. Hale: Well, perhaps I can be of some assistance so the Reverend can finish his meal in peace. 
 Anne: Perhaps. But will you speak honestly? 
 Mr. Hale: I will. 
 Increase: Well, it is no matter to me. 
 Magistrate, Miss Hale. 
 Anne: No more lies. 
 Mr. Hale: No more lies. 
 [Women screaming] 
 Increase: Have either of you tired of this game? 
 For I assure you, I have not. 
 Emily: Mercy's too smart for you. 
 Elizabeth: We'll never tell you where she is. 
 Increase: Is that what you think? 
 That we're here together because I require your help in locating mercy Lewis? 
 No, no, no, no, no, no. 
 I am here as an act of charity. 
 Emily: [Sobbing] Charity? 
 Increase: Aid me in apprehending her and your lives will be spared. 
 But if you persist in defying me, I can offer you no alternative to the stake. 
 Elizabeth: Mercy won't let us die. 
 Emily: She will come for us. 
 Increase: Perhaps such a thought comforts you in your sleepless night, but I assure you, I will find mercy Lewis with or without your help. 
 [Women screaming] 
 Mary: You're late. 
 Mercy: Well, I'm sorry, my lady, but I have to take precautions with Increase still searching for me. 
 Mary: You're right to. 
 You offered a solution once for Increase, one that I dismissed, but perhaps it was only my response which was misguided. 
 Mercy: So what are you saying? 
 Mary: I'm saying that Increase Mather must die. 
 And we are the ones to do it. 
 Mercy: Kill him? But why now? 
 Mary: The shadow he casts grows longer. 
 And Tituba's accusations jeopardize one that I care for deeply. 
 Mercy: [Scoffs] John Alden? 
 Mary: No. 
 My dear, dear mercy. 
 You. 
 Your path from lost girl to devil's assistant is one that I walked, too. 
 I would protect you as I would mine own self. 
 Now, Tituba's released, rewarded for her treachery, and you live like an animal, hunted and fearful. 
 Mercy: So how will I do it and when? 
 Mary: Easy, my dear. 
 Many a witch has sought to claim Increase's life and lost theirs in the process. 
 Our efforts must be planned... Carefully. 
 Mercy: Surely you must have a method in mind. 
 Mary: Yes. 
 I do. Show me your fingers. 
 Mercy: My fingers? 
 Mary: These will do. 
 Mercy: For what? 
 Mary: Now strike me. 
 Mercy: My lady? 
 Mary: Tear at my flesh as you would your vilest enemy. 
 Mercy: [Chuckles] 
 Mary: Do not question your ears nor your faith. Do as I ask. And soon you will understand. 
 
 
 
 Mr. Hale: I was 8 years old when I watched my parents burn. 
 [Woman screaming] 
 Timeless solution for exterminating witches. Do you know what it's like to witness the death of those you love more than anyone else in the world? 
 Anne: I can't imagine. 
 Mr. Hale: It teaches you what you are capable of. The depths and limits you never knew you had. And, yet, even as their ashes lingered in the air, steps were taken to spare me a similar fate. So I was whisked from england, sent across the sea, surviving plague and pestilence, to the new world. 
 [Horse neighs] 
 I was taken in by those loyal to the cause, who raised me with a twin mission... teach me to harness the power of who I was and yet to keep it hidden from the world. And then I was raising a family of my own, knowing that those I held most precious live in every bit the jeopardy that I do. 
 Am I a witch? Yes. But does that make me any less of a loving father? No. Most certainly not. 
 Anne: [Gasping] 
 Mary: Enter. 
 Isaac: I came as soon as you summoned me. 
 I suspect you're not pleased. 
 What happened, Mrs. Sibley? 
 Mary: Oh, uh, this. 
 And here my own vanity convinced me it was hardly noticeable. 
 Join me in tea, and I will tell you my sad tale. 
 I went to the woods, hoping to clear my mind after recent troubling events. 
 Sugar? 
 Isaac: No, thank you. 
 Mary: Lost in my own thoughts, I scarcely noticed her... drink, Isaac... until she was upon me. 
 Isaac: Who? 
 Mary: Mercy Lewis, who greeted me not with kindness for once taking her in... 
 But with violence and anger. 
 She finds me guilty for Tituba's accusations as if I'm responsible for my servant's mind. 
 Isaac: Mrs. Sibley? 
 Mary: Yes, Isaac? 
 Isaac: The tea. 
 Mary: What about it? 
 Is it making you warm or just sleepy? 
 Isaac: Both. 
 Mary: Good. Then it's working. 
 I don't mind telling you this because when you wake, you will remember nothing, although I do regret using you like this. 
 Even in Salem, there are those who deserve better. 
 But Increase knows that you're far too scared and guileless to betray him again. 
 He will take your words as fact. 
 Isaac: Words? 
 Mary: That hearing that mercy lurked nearby, you sought her in the woods. 
 But she was too quick, and she evaded you. 
 Increase will parse your words until he is convinced they are truth. 
 So repeat after me, Isaac. 
 "I went to the woods..." 
 Isaac: I went to the woods... 
 Mary: "...To find mercy Lewis." 
 Isaac: To find mercy Lewis. 
 Mary: "Past the lake, beside the weeping tree, I spied her." 
 Isaac: Past the lake, beside the weeping tree, I spied her. 
 Mary: Very good. Again. 
 Increase: Can we ever truly know our neighbor, trust that they are whom they seem to be, who they would have us believe them to be? 
 We are told that a young woman, a girl, really was a tool of the witches, only to find that she is, in fact, a witch herself. 
 And now Salem's first son stands likewise accused. 
 Look around. 
 Look to either side. 
 Look to your neighbor. 
 And ask yourself, "friend or sorcerer? 
 Wife or witch?" 
 Cotton: God or devil?! 
 Increase: Who said that? Show yourself. 
 It is my son. 
 Pay him no mind. 
 Do not reward him with your indulgence. 
 Cotton: You question who the people of Salem are in the name of God. 
 Increase: Yes? 
 Cotton: But should the people of Salem not question who you are? 
 For how else would the devil appear... 
 But in the cloak of the lord? 
 Increase: Get out. 
 You are drunk! 
 Your rantings only serve to embarrass yourself. 
 Remove yourself now. 
 You will not? 
 I will remove you myself! 
 Mrs. Hale: Point the finger at her own father? 
 She would never. 
 Mr. Hale: Are you certain of that? 
 Wasn't it just last night that I found her with Increase? 
 Mrs. Hale: [Sighs] She had no intention. 
 She was simply acting out. 
 Mr. Hale: Salem is filled with those who act out... friends who act like enemies, enemies who act as executioners. 
 Mrs. Hale: This is all new to her. 
 Trust that, in time, she will accept it. 
 Mr. Hale: Yes, and if not, what then? 
 Mrs. Hale: Then it may be time to tell her the rest of the story. 
 Mr. Hale: I'm afraid that time has already come. 
 Increase: Your story is really quite fantastic. 
 Mary Sibley attacked by mercy Lewis. 
 Isaac: Yes, sir. 
 Increase: And out of loyalty to Mary, you followed the girl into the woods. 
 Isaac: Loyalty to Mary? 
 No, sir. Loyalty to you. 
 Increase: Me? 
 Isaac: Are you not eager to find the girl? 
 Did you not tell me to keep my eyes and ears open on your behalf? 
 Increase: Mm. 
 Isaac: So when I learned she lurked at the wood's edge, I sought her out, as I knew you would have wanted. 
 Increase: This is called a cilice. 
 I wear this to remind myself of my own failing. 
 Does it surprise you, Isaac, to learn that even I have sins I must atone for? 
 Have you ever sinned? 
 Isaac: Not intentionally, sir. 
 Increase: Are you sinning now? 
 Are you lying to me? 
 Isaac: I speak the truth, Reverend. 
 I saw her, but could not catch her. 
 Increase: And can you recall where it was you last laid eyes on mercy? 
 Isaac: Past the lake, beside the weeping tree, I spied her. 
 Increase: And you could... you could lead me there? 
 Isaac: Yes, of course, sir. 
 Increase: Well, then. 
 Prepare yourself, my boy... 
 For you and I... Are going witch hunting. 
 [Rodents squeaking] 
 Mercy: [Grunts, chuckles] 
 [knock on door] 
 Cotton: Miss Hale. 
 Anne: Am I intruding, Reverend? 
 Cotton: Well, I was just about to enjoy my late-afternoon drink... not to be confused, of course, with my early-evening drink, which I anticipate taking place shortly, as well. 
 Perhaps? 
 Anne: Oh, no, thank you. I cannot stay. 
 I simply came to say... I'm sorry. 
 Cotton: For? 
 Anne: Everything. 
 I have not treated you well... 
 Nor entirely fairly. 
 Cotton: So my father has earned me your pity. Is that right? 
 Anne: No. 
 I simply see that we are alike, both children of complicated men. 
 Cotton: Magistrate Hale, complicated? 
 In truth, he's always seemed a bit of a... a simpleton to me. 
 Anne: [Chuckles] No, I assure you. 
 [Sighs] 
 He is as complex as any man in Salem. 
 You have made quite a study of them... witches. 
 Cotton: For all my studies, I'm not sure I truly know a thing. 
 Anne: Oh, I doubt that. 
 I'm sure you could tell me all about them. 
 Cotton: I did not know you even believed in witches. 
 Anne: I've had a change of heart. 
 Cotton: And why is that? 
 Anne: Perhaps it is an interest I've lived with my entire life, but wasn't aware of until recently. 
 Cotton: Well, um... 
 If you have a moment, please sit, and I will tell you all about witches. 
 Isaac: It's here, Reverend. 
 Increase: You're sure? 
 Isaac: 'Twas the trail I took that led me to her. 
 Careful, sir. 
 We do not know when she could strike. 
 Increase: Tell me, did you really travel this deep into the woods alone to find the girl? 
 Isaac: For you, sir. 
 Increase: [Chuckles] For me? I'm touched. 
 I'm also extremely skeptical. 
 Isaac: Reverend? 
 Increase: What is your plan? 
 Isaac: Plan? 
 Increase: To lure me? To kill me? 
 Isaac: No. Why would I? 
 How? 
 Increase: Or perhaps... perhaps you did not have a choice. 
 Tell me, whose bidding is it that you do? 
 Is it John Alden who wants me dead? 
 Or Mary Sibley? 
 Or do they work in concert? Hmm? 
 Tell me now, or I'll slide this blade along your throat, and you'll be dead before I clean and sheath it. 
 Isaac: Reverend, I promise you I'm here on your behalf and yours alone. 
 Sir! 
 Mercy: [Laughs] 
 Increase: After her! Go on! 
 Anne: You've seen one? 
 A witch, I mean? 
 Cotton: I have. 
 A vile creature who walked undetected for years until finally her true nature was revealed. 
 Anne: So they hide amongst us? 
 Cotton: This change of heart is remarkable. 
 Anne: Remarkable that it took so long. 
 Living in Salem and not believing in witches is like living in London and not believing in fog. 
 It is to deny what is right in front of you. 
 Cotton: And what does your father think of your conversion? 
 Anne: My father... 
 Above all is... 
 Responsible for it. 
 Cotton: Perhaps he's as complicated as you say. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Anne: But what my father did not answer is... what do witches want? 
 Cotton: Some say they want only to live in peace. 
 Others, like my father, say that they desire nothing less than the destruction of all mankind. 
 Anne: And is your father correct? 
 Cotton: My father's correct in most matters. 
 Anne: Is he correct about you? 
 Cotton: My father thinks I'm a failure. 
 Since I have failed at both piety and sobriety, yes... 
 The evidence supports his case. 
 Anne: He's wrong. 
 Cotton: [Sighs] 
 Another failure to add to my list. 
 Anne: Your only failure is not becoming your father. 
 And that is no failure. 
 Mary: Terra sunt carnes et ossa. 
 Domini est terra et ossa. 
 Terra sunt carnes et ossa. 
 Domini est terra et ossa. Isaac: I do not see her. Increase: Well, fear not. She will return. For how else can she attempt to kill me? Mary: Domini est terra et ossa. Increase: Satan is a formidable enemy not because he's evil, but because he is sly. Oh, we know each other well. [Twig snaps] Shh, shh, shh, shh. Mary: Et nos unum benedictus. Increase: [Gasps, coughs] Isaac: Reverend? Increase: [Gasping] Isaac: Sir? Sir? Reverend Mather? Mercy: Looking for me, Reverend? Increase: You will return with me to Salem, and you will stand trial, witch. Mercy: [Chuckles] I don't think so. [Gasps] Increase: [Grunting] [Grunting] Mercy: Did you think it would only take one knife to kill me, Reverend? [Laughs] [Panting] Increase: After her! Isaac, don't let her get away! Isaac! Isaac: [Groaning] Increase: [Panting] Oh. Isaac: Mercy's weapon. Increase: Oh, my poor boy. Breathe shallow. You are not alone. Isaac: Aah! [Knock on door] Mary: Yes? Nathaniel: Reverend Mather has requested you in his quarters. Mary: Cotton? Nathaniel: Uh, no, ma'am. Increase. Increase: Mrs. Sibley, this way. Mary: May I have a moment with him? Isaac. Oh, sweet Isaac. I never intended for you to meet this fate. So I promise you, though a grim future awaits the people of Salem, I will protect you from any further pain. I swear to you. [Door opens] Increase: Come now. He needs his rest. Mary: Reverend, I am at a loss. Why Isaac would take it upon himself to seek out Mercy... Increase: I asked him the same question. Mary: And what did he say? Increase: He said he did it on my behalf, which I find very odd when you consider the fact that he detests me. Mary: Detests you? No. No, Isaac hates no one. He is incapable of it. Increase: Well, at least you will agree his mind is... Childlike. And, like a child, he absorbs the thoughts and the intents of others. Mary: What others? Increase: Someone who does hate me... And desires me... Dead. Mary: And one other matter, Reverend... I remain skeptical that John Alden is a witch. Increase: Ah, if not Alden, tell me who, then, is responsible for what has transpired in Salem? Mary: Regrettably, I do not know. Increase: Well, perhaps we can hope together that the truly guilty party will step forward and... Exonerate the good Captain. Do you think that's a possibility, Mary? Mary: This is Salem. I think there are no limits to what is possible. [Insects chirping] [Knock on door] Increase: Am I to expect another outburst? Cotton: No. I've not had a drink for hours. Increase: Ah. Amazing what one comes to accept as a sign of progress. Why have you come at this hour? Cotton: I've been contemplating your offer to join you in the prosecution of Captain Alden. Increase: And you have seen the wisdom in it? Cotton: I have seen wisdom... But not yours. I've decided to defend Captain Alden. Increase: To defend? Oh, imagine how proud I am to have... Raised a son so steadfast in his ability to consistently make the wrong decision. Mr. Hale: Anne. Anne: Please, father, it's far past my bedtime. Mr. Hale: I only require a moment. Something I neglected to tell you before... Regarding that mask. Anne: Truly, can this wait? Mr. Hale: It has waited long enough. And it is this... that the power of that mask can only be accessed by those of one kind. Anne: And what kind is that? Mr. Hale: My kind. Anne: But it worked when I... Are you saying that I am... Mr. Hale: Like me. A witch. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 