Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Theatricality - Glee 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Theatricality https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=927&t=35956 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/21/20 09:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Theatricality 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1 - Figgin's Office - Figgins,Tina,Will 
 Tina is dressed in total goth look and Figgins look at her with rage in his eyes. 
 Tina : Am I in trouble? 
 Will : Come on. You've got more self-esteem than that. I think this might have something to do with your perfect attendance last semester. 
 Figgins : No. Miss Cohen-Chang is in trouble. It has come to my attention that the look you sport is what is known as goth.American teens are coming down with a serious case of Twilight fever,transformed from normal children into vampires obsessed with the occult. And only yesterday,this dark specter reared its head at McKinley High. 
 Flash Back - Lockers-Lauren and a clique of « Team Edward and Jacob »,Jacob Ben Israel 
 Some girls are in front of the lockers with Team Edward and Team Jacob T-shirts. 
 Lauren : This is totally going to get Robert Pattinson's attention. 
 Hissing 
 Jacob : Oh, hey. (Girls roaring and screaming jump on him) Oh, dear God! 
 End of Flash Back 
 Will : I don't mean to state the obvious,but you do know that vampires aren't real, right ? They don't exist. 
 Figgins : William, denial will not make this problem go away ! 
 Tina : My parents won't even let me watch Twilight. My mom says she thinks Kristin Stewart seems like a bitch. 
 Figgins : This is a serious problem ! Miss Cohen-Chang, you've got to find yourself another style of dress ! 
 Will : Hold on a second. Tina is shy and one way she's found to express herself is through her clothes. High school is an incredibly important time when kids get to explore who they are. When I was in high school, I had a whole year where I dressed exactly like Kurt Cobain. I mean, come on. There has to be someone who you used to dress like. 
 Figgins : Yes. For several years in my early 20s, I dressed up as Elvis.But he was a Christian, Will ! And he did not possess the ability to transform into a bat ! 
 Will (whispering to Tina) : I think he thinks vampires are real. 
 Tina : I think you're right. 
 Figgins : Studies have shown that a strict dress code fosters a safe and stable learning environment with fewer instances of gang violence and vampirism. So, if I see you dressed in lacy demon clothes again, Tina Cohen-Chang, (pounds desk) You will be suspended ! 
 Scene 2 - Hummel's House Basement - Burt,Carole,Finn,Kurt 
 Carole : Step. Couple more. 
 Finn : Is there a car down here from me ? 
 Carole : Honey, we're indoors. 
 Finn : Oh. Okay. 
 Carole : And open your eyes. 
 Kurt : Sparkling cider ? 
 Carole : Yeah. 
 Finn : "Welcome home" ? But who went somewhere ? 
 Carole : Burt asked us to move in with them. 
 Finn : And this is how you're telling me ? 
 Kurt : The party is my idea. If you're gonna say something, say it loud, right? 
 Burt : Yeah. It's gonna take some getting used to, but trust me, you're gonna love it,okay ? Now you don't have to drag your tail over here every time you want to watch something on the old 55-incher. We got a lot of food - some ethnic food. It's some ethnicity, that's not ours. 
 Kurt : Tuna crudité. Tuna crudité. It's not ethnic. 
 Burt : Here you go. 
 Carole : Finn, this house is twice as big as ours. It has two bathrooms. 
 Burt : Two and a half. 
 Finn : I don't want an extra bathroom or a tuna crude. I just want my house back. 
 Kurt : I think I know what this resistance is about. Our room. And I couldn't agree more. The palate in here is totally unflattering to your skin tone. Not everyone can pull off Dior gray. We need to redecorate. 
 Finn : Wait, we're sharing a room ? I'm not cool with that ! 
 Carole : Baby, I know it's weird, okay ? But can't be much of a surprise. And, in time, you're gonna be as happy as I am. 
 Burt : Yeah, look, I'll knock out a wall upstairs, I'll put an addition on, okay ? But-but until then, maybe this will grease the wheels a bit, huh ? (He takes a 300 bill out and givex it to Finn but Kurt takex it before Finn can react) Hey. Look, that's 300. Have at it. You redecorate this place. 
 Kurt : Don't worry, roomie. Mr. Ikea Catalog and I will have this all figured out. I am going to put together a palate that expresses who you are and who I want you to be. 
 Who you want to be. 
 Burt : Hey, what night's game night ? You play Sorry ? 
 Carole : You know... 
 Kurt : He will now. 
 Burt : I will beat you. 
 Scene 3 – Choir Room – All the Glee Club and Mr Schue 
 Tina changed her look and wears a jogging that looks like pajamas. 
 Artie : It's so weird. 
 Finn : This so isn't you. 
 Tina : I feel like an Asian Branch Davidian. 
 Will : Tina, are there any other looks you can try? 
 Santana : Biker chick ? (Tina puts her thumb down showing she doesn't agree) 
 Finn : Cowgirl? 
 Mercedes : Hood rat. 
 Quinn : Computer programmer. 
 Britanny : Cross-country skier. 
 Puck : Catholic schoolgirl. 
 Britanny : Happy Meal, no onions. Or a chicken. 
 Tina : Look, I appreciate it, guys,but it just isn't me. I know who I am, and I'm not allowed to show it. It's like communism. 
 Rachel (showing up in the room) : Guys, we have a serious problem. You know how I've been doing some deep background on Vocal Adrenaline ? 
 Artie : Isn't that against the rules ? 
 Rachel : No, not at all. Or probably. Whatever ! Anyway, what I figured out; I rooted through the Dumpsters behind the Carmel auditorium and I found 18 empty boxes 
 of Christmas lights. 
 Tina : Oh, no. 
 Rachel : Which led me to Joelle Fabrics. I asked them about red Chantilly lace. They were sold out. 
 Mercedes : Oh, sweet Jesus. 
 Kurt : Oh, my. 
 Will : Wait, what? 
 Kurt : They're doing Gaga. 
 Mercedes : That's it. It's over. 
 Rachel : Exactly. 
 Kurt : We should have guessed it. They're going for full-out theatricality. They know it's the easiest way to beat us. Damn them. 
 Puck : What's up with this Gaga dude ? He just, like, dresses weird,right ? Like Bowie ? 
 Rachel scoffs 
 Kurt (aggresive to Puck) : Lady Gaga is a woman. She's only the biggest pop act to come along in decades. She's boundary-pushing, the most theatrical performer of our generation. And she changes her look faster than Brit changes sexual partners. 
 Britanny : That's true. 
 Artie : It makes sense that Vocal Adrenaline would pay homage. It's a brilliant move. 
 She's a perfect fit for them. 
 Will : Hold on a second. We might be able to kill two birds with one stone here. We can help Tina find a new look and find a competitive number for regionals. This week, your assignment : Gaga. 
 The girls and Kurt are gasping and murmuring,the guys don't seem as happy as them of the week challenge 
 Rachel : Pens, we need pens. My ideas just come to me. 
 Will : Uh, my office. Right there. 
 Rachel : I'm brainstorming. It's coming. 
 Scene 4–Carmel High Auditorium-Vocal Adrenaline,Shelby,Rachel,Quinn,Mercedes 
 Vocal Adrenaline are in rehearsal while Quinn Mercedes and Rachel are spying them. 
 Shelby : And claw, claw, uh, clap, clap. And five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four... 
 Mercedes : Think they can see us ? 
 Quinn (whispering) : If they catch us, are we gonna have to go to jail ? 
 Rachel (whispering) : Stealing their ideas is not a crime. 
 Shelby : ...Six, seven, eight. And one, two... 
 Rachel (whispering) : Your shoes are making noise. 
 Shelby : ...And five, six, seven, eight. And one, two, three, four, five, six and seven... 
 Rachel : They look amazing. 
 Shelby : ...Claw, claw, uh, clap, clap. And five, six- uh, uh... Okay, okay, okay, just... enough. You guys aren't getting it. You're letting the costumes do all the work. Theatricality isn't about crazy outfits. It's not enough to douse yourselves with gasoline. You have to light yourselves on fire to make it work. 
 Rachel : God, she's good. 
 Shelby : But being theatrical doesn't mean you have to be a nuclear explosion. It can be like, like a quiet storm. You just have to radiate emotion,express what's deep inside you. That's what theatricality is truly about. Do I have to demonstrate ? "Funny Girl", E flat. 
 Rachel : Exactly what I would have done : Barbra. I could do it in my sleep. 
 Funny Girl 
 Rachel recognizes her birth mom's voice, she gets up and goes to the stage. 
 Mercedes : Where are you going ? 
 Quinn : Get back here. 
 Shelby finishes the song and Rachel calls to her 
 Rachel : Ms. Corcoran ? I'm Rachel Berry, I'm your daughter. 
 Both of them are sitting in the bleachers. 
 Rachel : Did you ever regret it? 
 Shelby : Yes. Then no. Then so much. 
 Rachel : W-When did you realize it was the right time for me to find you ? 
 Shelby (chuckles) : I saw you sing at sectionals. You were extraordinary. You were me. 
 (chuckles) 
 Rachel : Was it hard for you to not become a star ? To not have your dreams come true ? 
 Shelby : It felt like a broken promise. Like the Fisher King's wound - never heals. 
 Rachel : Wow. Genetics really are amazing. You see the world with the same fierce theatricality as I do. Even the way we're sitting right now is so dramatic, and yet we feel so comfortable with it. 
 Shelby : I've missed so much. How do you feel ? 
 Rachel : Thirsty. When I was little and I used to get sad,my dads would bring me a glass of water. It got so I couldn't tell if I was sad or just thirsty. 
 Shelby : I shouldn't have done this. This was supposed to feel good. W-We were supposed to have some kind of slow-motion run into each other's arms. This is all wrong. 
 Rachel : Maybe we can just go to dinner or something just to get over the initial shock. 
 Shelby : I'm so sorry, Rachel. Uh... I'll... I'll call you. 
 Scene 5 - Will's Office – Will, Finn 
 Will : Oh, hey, Finn, come on in. I'm learning all this amazing stuff about Lady Gaga. She's got this thing called the "Haus of Gaga" which is like this collective of artists 
 and designers who collaborate on, on her styles and stage sets and her music. I think it's an exciting model for what we could be doing in Glee Club. 
 Finn : Yeah, that's kind of what I wanted to talk to you about. I don't want to do Lady Gaga. And I suspect that... with the exception of Kurt... that none of the other guys 
 are gonna want to do it either. I just feel like we're always doing whatever the girls want us to do. 
 Will : Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Maybe I haven't been listening to you guys hard enough. So let's find a solution. 
 Finn : Well, I, uh, I actually already have one. 
 Scene 6 - Corridor - Quinn, Puck, Tina, Kurt, Karofsky, Azimio 
 Puck : You're wrong. It's a really good name. It's a rock star name. 
 Quinn : You want to name our daughter"Jack Daniels" ? She's a girl ! 
 Puck : Okay, fine, whatever. Jackie Daniels. 
 Quinn : The name is not the point. I told you this. I'm giving up the baby so I don't have to do this with you. This is good for you. Now you can go off and be a rock star yourself. 
 Tina : I love wearing champagne bubbles ! I get to express a whole different side of myself ! Because even though I'm painfully shy and obsessed with death, I'm a really effervescent person. 
 Karofski and Azimio push them against the lockers but Kurt disagrees. 
 Kurt : Excuse me ! Were you dropped on your heads ? ! 
 Karofsky : What was that ? 
 Kurt : I think you heard me. I'm just saying. Pick on me - that's fine - but don't throw around a girl. 
 Azimio : Well, you know, lately, we haven't been able to tell the difference. We're not gaga for Gaga. 
 Karofsky : You dress all freaky, and then you rub it in everybody's faces. I don't want to look at it all day ! It's weird. It makes my eyes tired. 
 Azimio : If you want to switch it up a bit, just go from Gap to Banana Republic. 
 Kurt : It's called being theatrical. We're showing off who you are. It's the same thing you do when you go to school with your football uniforms on. You're expressing yourself, and we have every right to do the same. 
 Azimio : Well, you know what ? The next time you want to express yourself a little like a circus freak, don't be shocked when my fist (shocks the locker with his fist) feels like expressing itself against your chin ! Okay ? Knock that crazy fool crepe-paper nonsense offa you. 
 Karofsky : Let's go. 
 Kurt : Yeah, you don't want to be late for your appointment at Supercuts! 
 Azimio : Watch your mouth, Hummel ! 
 Karofsky : And you know what, fancy ? You don't need an appointment at Supercuts. 
 They love walk-ins. 
 (They both chortle, the school bell rings) 
 Scene 7 - Choir Room - All the club and Will 
 Will : Little monsters, take a bow. (He laughs, applauses) All right ! Ladies, Kurt, I am 
 really, really impressed. Sientete. You know, you know what the best part is ? Each one of those costumes shows off a different aspect of your personalities. 
 Puck : Wait. Where's Rachel ? I mean, I only noticed because, like five minutes have 
 without her saying something totally obnoxious. 
 Mercedes : Rachel kinda got some intense news yesterday. 
 Quinn : We were spying on Vocal Adrenaline, and... 
 Will (cuting her) : You guys, that's not fair ! You gotta stop doing that. But, uh, you know, what, what'd you find out? 
 Mercedes : Okay, y'all ready ? Miss Corcoran, their coach ? She's Rachel's mom. 
 Will : Are you serious? 
 Artie : Way to bury the lead, Mercedes. 
 Puck : We're screwed. Rachel's gonna jump ship over to Vocal Adrenaline. 
 Rachel : Never ! I really don't want to talk about it, though. I'm still processing the news. And my dads are moving my therapist to our spare room later this afternoon. All I can know is that I'm not going anywhere, and I've chosen a Lady Gaga look that expresses the longing for a childhood I was deprived of. 
 Britanny : You look terrible. I look awesome. 
 Mercedes : I think it's the Kermit – the - Frog look. 
 Kurt : And we have a jumper. 
 Rachel : Well, my dads can't sew, so these are just stapled on. 
 Will : Guys, why don't we worry about this later, and maybe try to focus on the song? 
 Rachel : Couldn't agree more. Hit it! 
 Bad Romance 
 Mike Matt and Will applause, Finn Artie and Puck don't look so optimistic but they still applause 
 Will : All right! 
 Scene 8 - Boys Bathroom – Finn, Azimio and Karofsky 
 Finn is drawing a lighter on his face with a Kohl crayon but Azimio and Karofsky come out from the toilet and caught him with the make up on his face 
 Karofsky : What up, Finn? 
 Azimio : What's that on your face ? You got a bad pimple or something? 
 Karofsky : A Finn-ple? 
 Azimio and Karofsky laugh 
 Karofsky : Dude, are you wearing makeup ? 
 Azimio : I knew it was contagious. You moved in with that little Kurt kid, and now you got a bad case of the gay. 
 Finn : It's just something for Glee Club, all right ? 
 Karofsky : Oh, well, then it's (He pushes Finn back) definitely not gay, huh ? 
 Finn (pushing him back) : Get out of my way ! 
 Azimio : Man, how many times do we got go through this ? ! You being a jock and being in this Glee Club does not make you versatile. It makes you bisexual. 
 Karofsky : And if we have to kick your ass to make you understand that, then our schedules are wide open. 
 Azimio : Get out of my bathroom. You girls, y'all belong across the hallway. Glee boy ! 
 Karofsky laughs and they both get out of the bathroom leaving Finn ashamed. He sighs 
 Scene 9 - Carmel High Auditorium - Vocal Adrenaline, Shelby and Rachel 
 Intrumental version of Bad Romance is playing while Vocal Adrenaline is dancing dressed in red satin queen costume. The music stops. Rachel is watching them wearing an horrible blanket with sleeves. 
 Shelby : Yeah, that's better, guys. Take five. And, ladies, I don't want to hear about chafing just because you're being forced to wear metal underwear. Not my problem. 
 Rachel : Mom ? 
 Shelby : Honey, you gotta stop sneaking into these rehearsals. 
 Rachel : It's kind of important. (She opens her blanket revealing her Lady Gaga's outfit) 
 Shelby : Oh, dear God. 
 Rachel : My dads can't sew. I really need a mom right now. Do you think you can help ? 
 Scene 10 - MMHS Auditorium - Glee Club and Mr Schue 
 The girls and Kurt are sitting in the bleachers waiting for the guys to show up their theatricality 
 Rachel : Sorry I'm late. 
 Mercedes : Whoa, looking good, Rachel ! 
 Rachel : Thanks. My mom made it. 
 Britanny (in the background) : Very nice. 
 Will : Well, we're all here, so without further ado, I'd like to introduce The Boys! 
 Artie (from the backstadge) : Lima, Ohio, get ready to rock ! 
 Girls laugh and cheer the boys as if they were rockstars. 
 Shout It Out 
 Will : All right, guys, very impressive. Very, very... loud. (chuckles). But what, uh, what does that performance express ? And what do those costumes illustrate ? 
 Mike : We did our research, Mr. Shue. 
 Puck : Yeah, Finn's demon look is because Gene Simmons liked comic books as a kid, 
 and they called Paul Stanley the "Star Child" because he was a romantic or something. But that doesn't really explain my whore lips. 
 Artie : And my Ace Frehley is supposed to be a spaceman from another planet. Mike's iconic catman is because Peter Criss claimed to have nine lives. 
 Matt : Yeah, and I'm dressed as the guy who replaced Artie when he quits. 
 Will : Well, congratulations, guys. Job well done. Let's give it up for the boys ! 
 The girls all cheer them up. 
 Scene 11- Corridor – Kurt, Tina, Azimio and Karofsky 
 Kurt : I thought the boy's KISS number was good, although the lyrics did leave something to be desired. 
 Tina : And Finn kept sticking his tongue out and I couldn't stop picturing him licking stuff. It was disturbing. 
 They're stopped on their way by Karofsky and Azimio looking angry because of the Gaga's clothes that Kurt and Tina are still wearing. 
 Karofsky : We warned you. 
 Azimio : Now Gaga's got to go. 
 Kurt and now Finn's room too - Kurt and Finn 
 Lady Gaga's Speachless is playing in the background 
 Kurt : Could you have a word with Azimio and Karofsky about harassing me without 
 damaging my Gaga outfit ? 
 Finn : Are you serious ? Do you know how difficult it is with those guys ? They already think we're boyfriends. 
 Kurt : Let them think what they want. They're Neanderthals. In three years, they'll be cleaning my septic tank. 
 Finn : Don't you get it ? It's not just them. We live in Ohio - not New York or San Francisco or some other city where people eat vegetables that aren't fried. I don't understand why you always need to make such a big spectacle of yourself. Why can't you just work harder at blending in? 
 Kurt : I'm sure that'd be easier for you. 
 Finn : You know, it would. 
 Finn tries to get his Kiss makeup off his face but he doesn't succeed. Kurt comes to help him. 
 Kurt : You are such a boy. You're going to have to use a moist towelette if you want to get that makeup off. 
 He begins to touch Finn's cheek with the towelette but Finn doesn't react very well. 
 Finn : Don't touch me! 
 Kurt : What is your problem, Finn ? It's just a moist towelette ! 
 Finn : I'm gonna finish in the laundry room. 
 Kurt : Grow up, Finn ! 
 He kicks in the boudoir chair. 
 
 
 
 Scene 12 - Will's Office - Shelby and Will 
 Shelby : I know why you called, and don't worry about it. My reconnection with Rachel is not some kind of plot to mess with you guys before regionals. 
 Will : I'm not worried about regionals. It's Rachel. She's special. She's got all of the best of you. She's strong-willed, dramatic, wildly talented. 
 Shelby : Go on. 
 Will : But she's not hard like you. She's fragile. Over-emotional. And she's clearly convinced herself that you are as committed to this reunion as she is. And I don't think you are. You're not prepared to have a teenage daughter. Are you ? 
 Shelby : I can't have any more kids. There were issues a few years back. Then some surgery, and that's that. I really wanted a daughter. That's why it was so important to me to make that bond with her. But you're right. I wanted my baby back. Rachel's an adult now. She doesn't need me. 
 Will : Shelby, I can't tell you what to do... But if you really love her, you have to tell her what you just told me. 
 Scene 13 - Kurt and Finn's Room redecorated by Kurt – Kurt, Finn and Burt 
 Kurt : I had to skip school to finish it, but I think you're really going to like it. Consider it a peace offering after all the yelling that we've been doing. I used Marlene Dietrich 
 and Gary Cooper in Morocco as my inspiration. It's a perfect blend of the masculine 
 and the feminine; the muted and the theatrical. 
 Finn : Are you freaking insane ? I can't live here. I'm a dude. (pointing the folding-screen) What the hell is that supposed to be ? 
 Kurt : It's a privacy partition. It's all I could find on such short notice. Why are you getting angry about everything ? I worked hard on this. 
 Finn (yelling at him) : That's not a privacy partition ! Why is it so hard for you to understand ? I don't want to get dressed in front of you ! Do you know that I put my underwear on in the shower before I come out when you're around ? I just... I don't want to have to worry about that kind of stuff in my own room, man. 
 Kurt (hurting) : And what stuff are you referring to? 
 Finn : You know. You know what I'm talking about. Don't play dumb. Why can't you just accept that I'm not like you ? 
 Kurt :I have accepted that. 
 Finn (sounding kind) : No, you haven't. You think I don't see the way you stare at me ? How flirty you get. You think I don't know why you got so excited that we were going to be moving in together? 
 Kurt (getting angry at Finn) :It's just a room, Finn ! We can redecorate it if you want to! 
 Finn (playing unfair with Kurt and getting angry at him) : Okay, good. Well, then the first thing that needs to go is that faggy lamp. And then we need to get rid of this faggy couch cover... 
 Burt (coming down to Finn because he heard him yelling at Kurt) : Hey ! What did you just call him? 
 Finn (looking guilty) : Oh, no, no, I didn't call him anything.I was talking to the blanket. 
 Burt : If you use that word, you're talking about him. 
 Kurt (defending Finn) : Relax, Dad. I didn't take it that way. 
 Burt : Yeah, that's because you're 16 and you still assume the best in people. You live a few years, you start seeing the hate in people's hearts. Even the best people. You use the "N" word? 
 Finn : Of course not. 
 Burt : How about "retard" ? You call that nice girl in Cheerios ! With Kurt, you call her a retard? 
 Finn : Becky-- no. She's my friend. She's got Down syndrome. I'd never call her that. That's cruel. 
 Burt : But you think it's okay to come into my house and say "faggy" ? 
 Finn : That's not what I meant... 
 Burt : I know what you meant ! What, you think I didn't use that word when I was your age ? You know, some kid gets clocked in practice, we'd tell him to stop being such a fag. Shake it off. We meant it exactly the way you meant it. That being gay is wrong. That it's some kind of punishable offense. I really thought you were different, Finn. You know, I thought that being in Glee Club and being raised by your mom meant that you were some, you know, new generation of dude who saw things differently. Who just kind of, you know, came into the world knowing what has taken me years of struggling to figure out. I guess I was wrong. I'm sorry, Finn, but you can't... you can't stay here. 
 Kurt (crying) :Dad. 
 Burt : I love your mom. And maybe this is going to cost me her,but my family comes first. I can't have that kind of poison around. This is our home, Kurt. He is my son. Out in the world, you do what you want, but not under my roof. 
 Finn leaves the place,speechless 
 Burt : The place looks great. 
 He puts a hand on Kurt's shoulder who's still crying and goes upstairs .Kurt sits on the couch. 
 Scene 14 - Choir Room - The Glee Club and Will 
 Kurt : You look like you should be in orbit. 
 Tina : My balls keep fallinoff. 
 Kurt : I've been there. (He looks at Finn with anger) 
 Finn (whispering to Kurt) : I want to talk about this. 
 Kurt (whispering back to him with arrogance) : There's not much to say. I feel sorry for you. I thought you were different. 
 Finn : I am different. 
 They are cutting off in their talk by M.Schue. 
 Will : All right, let's get things started. 
 Puck : Mr. Shue. There's something I want to say to Quinn. And I want everybody to hear it. 
 Will : All right. 
 Puck (walking into the room) : At first I didn't really get this theatrical assignment, being larger than life and putting it all out there,'cause I'm kind 
 of like that all the time. That's how my dad was, too. He was too busy being all crazy and rock and roll to be there for his kid. And you know what ? I didn't care that my dad was a badass. I just wanted him to be there. And he never was. And then I learned all this KISS stuff and while Jackie Daniels is a great name for like a powerboat or something, it's not right for a baby girl. So if my KISS mates will help me out, I got a better idea. Grab a stool, guys. 
 Beth 
 Puck (to Quinn) : I know you're giving her up, but before you do, I think you should name her Beth. If you'll let me, I'd really like to be there when she's born. I'd really like to meet her. 
 Quinn nods with tears in her eyes. 
 Scene 15 - WMHS Auditorium – Rachel, Shelby and Brad 
 Shelby : So, how'd your dads come up with the name "Rachel"? 
 Rachel : They were, um, big Friends fans. I know why you're here... to say good-bye. 
 Shelby : I really wanted this to work. Do you know what really turned me ? That story that you told me about your dads, and how they'd bring you water when you were sad. We're never gonna have anything like that. It's too late for us. I just think that anything we share right now is gonna be confusing for you. 
 Rachel : I just don't understand. You're my mom. I feel awful right now, and I should want to just fall into your arms and let you rock me and tell me everything is gonna be fine, but... I just don't feel it. 
 Shelby : It's because I'm your mother, but I'm not your mom. 
 Rachel : So what ? Do we just pretend we don't know each other now ? 
 Shelby : That seems silly. Let's just be grateful for one another... from afar. For a while. Don't think for a second I'm gonna go soft on you during regionals. 
 Rachel (sniffles) : Bring it. (chuckles) 
 Shelby : Can I have a hug good-bye ? 
 Rachel : Sure. (sniffles) 
 Shelby : Can you do me one more favor ? Sometime when you're thirsty... (She's taking a package off of her bag and opens it. It contains a gold star water cup.) Can you get yourself some water from this cup ? Gold stars are kinda my thing. 
 Rachel : Of course. (chuckles) Shelby... before you go, will... will you sing with me ?Just one time. It's sort of a fantasy of mine, and it would really mean a lot to me. 
 Shelby : I would be honored. 
 Rachel : Brad ! (whispering to Shelby) He's always just around. (Brad sits on the piano couch and Rachel gives him some scores) Um, take that. Here you go.(chuckles) 
 Poker Face 
 Shelby : You are really, really good. 
 Shelby leaves Rachel sad with the gold star cup. 
 Scene 16 - Choir Room - The Glee Club, Will, Azimio and Karofsky 
 Will : Whoa ! Guys, why are you all in your theatricality costumes? 
 Artie : It's the end of the week. We were kinda hoping to learn what the lesson of the assignment was. 
 Will : Well, um... You guys have had some great numbers this week, but I'm not totally sure that I know either. 
 They all laugh. 
 Tina (coming into the room in her Gothic clothes) : I do. I refuse to dress like somebody I'm not to be somebody I'm not. And I learned it's good to be a little theatrical. 
 Flash Back :School Corridor - Tina and Figgins 
 Figgins is going home but runs into Tina who's dressed like a vampire. 
 Tina : So here's what's going to happen. My dad - he's the king of the vampires. And Asian vampires are the most vicious of all the vampires. You're going to let me wear my lady demon clothes, or my dad will fly into your bedroom and bite your face off. He's really pissed. Is that what you want ? 
 Figgins : No, I don't want that. I'm afraid. 
 Tina : Good. I'm glad we had this talk. Now I have to go back to my coffin because the light is burning my eyes ! 
 End of Flash Back 
 All the members of the Glee Club applause and cheer Tina. 
 Will : There she is. 
 Artie : Wait. Where's Kurt ? And where's Finn ? 
 Azimio and Karofsky are holding back Kurt against the corridor wall. 
 Kurt : Fine. You want to hit me ? You want to beat me up ? Go ahead. But I swear to you. I will never change. I'm proud to be different.I t's the best thing about me. So go ahead, hit me. 
 Azimio : I believe I will. (To Karofsky) Sir, would you like to go first ? 
 Finn : You're not hitting anyone. 
 Kurt : Oh, my God. 
 Azimio : Is he wearing a red rubber dress or am I trippin' ? 
 Finn : I want to thank you, Kurt. I realize I still have a lot to learn, but the reason I'm here right now... In a shower curtain,is... Because of you. And I'm not going to let anyone lay a hand on you. 
 Karofsky : (chuckles) Oh, really, dude ? 'Cause I'm pretty sure we can take both of you. 
 Puck (following by all the Glee Club) :Yeah ? But can you take all of us ? 
 Azimio : Okay. Okay, I get it. I took biology. You know what, Karofsky ? We done disturbed the freak hive. The worker freaks is trying to protect the queen freak. 
 Karofsky : Next time... We'll bring some friends, too. 
 They both leave. 
 Rachel : I'm tired of everyone calling us freaks. 
 Mercedes : Take a look at us. We are freaks. 
 They all laugh. 
 Finn : But we're all freaks together. (He looks at Kurt that joins them and responds to the smile his almosh brother gives him) And we shouldn't have to hide it. 
 Will (clapping) : Nice job, Finn. I think you just figured out what the lesson was. Kinda makes me wish I had planned it. But Mercedes is right, you do all look incredibly insane. 
 All the Gleeks : Thank you. Thank you. 
 Will : You're so welcome. Anyways, let's get back to work before you're all forced to join the circus. Next stop ? Regionals. 
 They all get back to the choir room and Kurt and Finn congratulate each other for their Lady Gaga's outfit. 
 End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 