Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - Bad Reputation - Glee 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - Bad Reputation https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=927&t=35955 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/21/20 09:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - Bad Reputation 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 SCENE 1: Music Room-Some students are in the room. 
 Students look at a computer with a laugh. We see that this is a video or a woman vigorously on a song. Finn, Rachel and Jesse arrive. 
 Finn: Why you marrez? 
 Rachel: You watch the video or not I get on stage at my first competition of mini-miss, I hope. 
 Kurt: No, that was just laughable compared to this amazing feat! (The others continue to giggle). 
 Jesse: It's "physical" by Olivia Newton-John.Ca clip is still a really innovative for its time, given its representation of bisexuality ... 
 Mercedes: Oh, I believe it! This is too funny, look! 
 Finn: But it's not Olivia Newton-John, it's Sue Sylvester! Or do you get that? 
 Kurt: ... What is certain is that I have certainly not stolen from a secret drawer of his desk when she sent for me its hormone replacement during training of leaders ... cheers-(Students have complied with laughter) 
 Artie: (between laughs). Wait, it do not come from a reel arm there?! 
 Finn: (approaching the computer). We must put it on the net! 
 Rachel: (stopping him). No, wait, you're sure it's a good idea, it could kill us if she found out ... 
 Mercedes: Come on, let him taste a little humiliation she has endured. 
 Jesse: I agree with Finn.Il must stop behaving like cowards, it's time to show the world that you're tough. 
 Finn: (Taking the computer). I paris what you want everyone to be seen by lunch. 
 SCENE 2: Sue-Lane High School students and dragged in the corridors 
 Sue walks in the corridors and many students approach it. 
 Student: Well, miss Sylvester, anyone, a little dance? 
 Sue: You're not my type but I like your side goes inside. (She continues to walk and crosses two players). 
 Footballer: Well, Sue, your arm movements, it's hot! (He joined the action to the parole.Sue stops and starts comprendre.Elle takes a distraught air). 
 SCENE 3: Office-Figgins Figgins, Sue and Will 
 Sue: The glee club has stolen private property and posted it on the internet and as soon as I understood the nuance between attack and slander, I fully intend to complain. 
 Figgins: Sue ... 
 Will: Do not you think you are overreacting a bit? 
 Sue: I'd never noticed how your chin like a baby's ass, it's crazy! (Will sighs). This video has already received 170,000 comments, I took the liberty to print the most disgusting. (She gives a sheet Figgins). 
 Figgins: (reading aloud). "The guy on this video looks like the famous coach-leaders of cheers, Sue Sylvester. " 
 Sue: It's probably one of the most revolting. 
 Will: (laughing). You know, Sue, there's a lot of people qi love you in this school, my students do not make this stuff. 
 Sue: Well, well ... (she published two other leaves she gives Will and Figgins) ... exhibit. 
 Will: (stunned). What is this "GList"? 
 Sue: This is a list of glee club.Un weekly rankings of your dear students, based on criteria related to their popularity debauchery sexuels.Tout else has been there a heure.Apparemment, you earn 1 point for every act of depravity. 
 Will: (surprised). And what makes you say that this is one of my students who did this? 
 Figgins: The list was typed was the driver DLL and apparently, the password was "glee club". 
 Sue: Your nice little club is in fact nothing but a nest of perverts! 
 Figgins: Sue is right, Will.Pas later than last year, someone posted a similar list with the names of 10 of the ugliest red school! And the author was expelled if it was not a member of the teaching staff! (He turns to look at Sue). 
 Sue: I fully accept this list ... 
 Figgins: William, it's very serious, I can not accept a sexualized environment that students and undermines their self-esteem! 
 Flashback-room music-Rachel 
 Rachel sees the "GList" and the bed. 
 Rachel: (reading). "Who's on top, which is the flop? " 
 She reads the sheet to the end and realizes she is last on the list, then it tears the GList. 
 Back in the office Figgins 
 Sue: A week ago, if I had discovered a list of the glee club, I would have been embarrassed before we think about me, but now that I have experienced the nightmare of public humiliation, I know how much it hurts. 
 Figgins: William, High School "Deton West ', last year, a picture of the headmaster was posted on the net. 
 Sue: And what was it? 
 Figgins: From women's lingerie! 
 Sue: And what was he doing? 
 Figgins: It was the pony! 
 Sue: And who was expelled? 
 Figgins: The whole school! 
 Sue: (talking to Will). Yes, the whole school has been expelled, Will! 
 Will: But what does that have to do with the kids? 
 Figgins: It has everything to do with the kids, Will.Vous need to find out who created this list and suspend the student before he begins, otherwise I will keep the whole choir to charge! 
 Will: (panicked). Are you serious? 
 Figgins: Oh yes, I'm serious, I do not want any nonsense of that kind in this school! 
 Sue: He does not want any nonsense of that kind in this school! 
 SCENE 4: Living-Will and music students 
 Will stands before the students, looking serious. 
 Will: (showing the list). It's from that? (Students stare in silence). Extrênement This is serious, Figgins outright threat to dissolve the club. 
 Santana: And if we stopped this game, we all know that this is Puck. 
 Puck: Well, enters your claws, I not done anything. 
 Tina: So why your girlfriend is first on the list? 
 Rachel: And why I am the last, partly because of the fact that I refused to offer myself to you? 
 Will: (intervening). Ok, enough, we stop at that acccuser nimporte tort.Puck, seriously, it comes from you? 
 Puck: I told you not! Ok, I'm a rebel, I like to start fires and beating total strangers, yeah I agree ... But I'm not a liar! 
 Will: ... Look, the problem is that between this list and the posting of the video Mme.Sylvester, you start having bad reputation. 
 Artie: And why is it a problem? Maybe if we looked more dangerous, people stop throwing my glasses in the toilet! 
 Will: (starting to hand out sheets). I know that right now it's not easy, you're all very stressed because of regional, and I know that winning selections did not have much effect your reputation you would like. But turn you into what you hate, this is not the solution! 
 Mercedes: (after reading the paper). This song is rotten. 
 WILL: No, you got tort.C is one of the great songs in the list of tubes, which due to the weather and bad press have become ridicules.Et like you it's time to launder its bad reputation. Your work for each week is to find a song like this, to pick what is good in and of réabiliter.Ensuite, with any luck, you can apply this song to your privacy. 
 Jesse: This song should be banned for abuse of crap. (Everyone laughs) 
 Will: (advancing to the piano). Want to bet? (Students giggle) 
 Will sings "Ice, Ice Baby." At the end, everyone applauded enthusiastically. 
 Will: This song has been officially handed to the taste of today! You're okay, Jesse? 
 Jesse: Ok, yeah! I admit defeat on this one. 
 SCENE 5: Hall of professors and other teachers Sue 
 Most teachers are now coming in manger.Sue salle.Elle see that everyone looks laughing or making gestures recalling his video. 
 Sue thought: No, I must be being rêver.Les mocking laughter you hear in slow motion, are but the fruit of your imagination.Tu are Sue Sylvester, a legend, they laugh at you because of the video where you dance, calm down, calm down! Help yourself a little cawa quietly (she joined the action to the word), and refocuses up! A second, what's that smell?! (She feels his cup). Oh my god, it's the smell of coffee! Usually it is masked by the smell of fear ... Pity lord, all this is real? A room full of hurricanes lower than you're used to terrorize mocks thee indeed, in slow motion! 
 Professor: (interrupting her thoughts). Hi, my name is Brenda.Brenda Castle.J 'teaching at For-Wen but I've just been mutated ici.Je no longer have the right to teach in Indiana to because of an addiction to drugs and small excesses that led me to commit a shooting ... (Sue looks weird). I saw your video. (She laughs). And I must say that you are bouffones ... the worst we have ever seen! And coming from me it's something! (She continues to laugh and Sue goes). 
 SCENE 6: Corridor of the school-Rachel and Artie 
 Rachel: I'm going to need the help of audio visual club. 
 Artie: Why, you cooked something? 
 Rachel: See me like that in the last position of the GList me my image is evaluated in this école.Et more, I realized that in a society celebrating the rebels offenders or even the s*x tape, a reputable n 'valorisant.Artie was nothing, you know Schuester asked us to find a song with a bad reputation and réabiliter? Well mine will allow me to have the worst reputation of any school. The Rachel Berry that you have before you will finally dévergonder a bit. 
 Artie: Say no more, I'm OK since you mentioned the word "s*x." I can help you. 
 Rachel: So hang on to your wheel well, because Rachel Berry is about to turn into a man-eater music by proxy. 
 SCENE 7: Kurt-room music, Tina, Mercedes, Artie and Brittany 
 Kurt: (addressing the group). My dear fellow ... I have invited you to this little meeting because our respective reputations are at risk. (Tina, Mercedes and Artie look at him wearily). We are year Phase terminal. 
 Mercedes: We are already dead, our names do not even appear on the damn list. 
 Kurt: What does Lindsay Lohan when her name does not appear in a newspaper people for over a week? It manages to cause a scandal so extreme that nobody can ignore it. 
 Artie: (raising his hand). Uh, sorry but, why she is here, it? (It means that Brittany is sitting alone in a corner). 
 Brittany: I have not changed since the end of the course of chant.J 'had a cold and I took all my antibiotics at the same temps.Maintenant, I remember how we lève.Et I know not why I am only the fourth liste.J 'kind I kissed everybody in this llycée.Les girls, guys, Mr. Kine, the janitor ... I must do something to reach the top 3. 
 Kurt: All right, you are taken ... (everyone sighs) 
 Mercedes: Kurt, for what? We even have a plan yet! 
 Kurt: What the worst thing a student can do in this school? 
 Tina: (ironically). Eat in the cafeteria? (She and Mercedes giggle). 
 Kurt: No! Cause disorder in the bibliothèque.Et I do not mean just to try to borrow a encyclopédie.Je talking about real anarchy is généralisée.On cheek "total glee" on the shelves. (The others are beginning to approvewith smiles). 
 Artie: It takes a genius! 
 SCENE 8: Hospital, House of John's sister Sue and John 
 Sue: I never realized all the pain that teasing could causer.En especially when the jokes are going to ralenti.Je gives the impression of being invincible, but, damn ... (She puts her hand on his sister). John I'm sorry if you've ever felt ça.J 'you should have more protection. 
 John: But you do not remember what we were doing all the time, Sue?(Sue frowns). When I was a little sad, it would help the animal shelter to give love! (Sue's face lights up as if she had an idea). 
 Sue: Because there will always be someone less fortunate than us. 
 SCENE 9: Office of Emma-Sue and Emma 
 Emma: ... Or is it that your point exactly? 
 Sue: I was probably sûre.Tu're wondering what Sue Sylvester meant, when she tells you: I am your therapist Nouvele? (Emma nods). Well let me explain ... As you probably already know, I appear in a clip that was recently posted on the net.c is a video that tends to get people to laugh at me in slow motion . 
 Emma: (embarrassed). No ... I was not ... I was not aware ... 
 Sue: Well, this video has changed Sue Sylvester.Ele encouraged to give more love. It happens that I have an aster in psychologie.Et when I learned that the only psychologist Academy had committed suicide, and although I decided to graciously offer my services.Et I was given your nom.J 'would really give you a hand. 
 Emma: I'm not sure what to think. 
 Sue: Anna, you have a mental Maadie and you must soigner.Tes ridiculous compulsions prevent you from seeing a vérité.Tu're almost married a gym teacher who looks more like a pork roast than a man, and you let you do when the man you pretend to love lies to you constantly. 
 Emma: (surprised). I beg your pardon? 
 Sue: I paid the owner of listening to stash under the sofa the baby salon.Et under his bed, although it is sûr.Il drove shovels to the teacher's voice and that adrenaline is made impromptu sleepovers with this hot shorts is: April Rhodes. 
 Emma: (shocked and stunned). Oh my god! 
 Sue: We'll have to hit hard, my great. (She gets up, leans on the desk and approached Emma). You really sucks too! 
 Emma: Excuse me? 
 Sue: You make small strides ridiculous when you walk, as if you had growing up in Imperial Japan and you'd been tied ankles! 
 Emma: I take note of that remark. 
 Sue: Be a man, I'm trying to insult you and you refuse to defend yourself, and why? Because you seek to avoid confrontation! 
 Emma: You're right ... 
 Sue: If you want to get better, we must put you to express what you feel deep inside yourself! You to do and know Will Schuester what you really think! And in a public place, he can not escape. Or you manipuler.Fais trust me, you have to make him his birthday! 
 SCENE 10: Chamber of Puck and Rachel-Rachel 
 Rachel: You knew that we had given a nickname when you did together?"Puckelberry". 
 Puck: (playing with the affairs of Rachel). This is so humiliating. 
 Rachel: The fact is that ... go out with me ... has improved your réputation.Ca gave you a certain level of humanity! 
 Puck: (rising). A minute, this is why you invited me? In order to get back together? 
 Rachel: I am not free and you sais.Mais I think I could help you. Help me with my song for club.Je am perhaps the last chance you have of being saved from your kicki ation and stay in chorale.Et then, did you need a song that you will sing all your unhappiness! 
 Puck: Did you intend to sing it exactly? 
 Rachel: (enthusiastic). I have chosen a title of David Guedes, the tube of the 70's so great, "Run, Joey, Run"! 
 Puck: Uh ... 
 Rachel: It tells a story, it means we can interpret the roles! I'll play the tragic heroine who dies in the end, so Nicole Kidman in "Moulin Rouge", and you can play the role of hero super sexy. 
 Puck: It is I who have nothing? 
 Rachel: Uh, well, actually it was my father who shot me with a gun. 
 Puck: (sighing and sitting on the bed). You think this is what have I done the GList, honestly? 
 Rachel: Well, we must recognize that it is your type, right? 
 Puck: I'm sick that I always judge a few small mistakes I have made ... (Rachel smiles, compassionate). I go to high school and I said: "Be cool, Puck, do not bullshit! . "Only an hour after I found a fire extinguisher in hand, trying to water a TOP type. (Rachel sits in turn on the bed). Without knowing what happened. 
 Rachel: I totally understand, yeah ... When I'm in glee club and I have to put imperfect interpretations, one after another and a litany of criticism begins to bubble in the middle like lava from a Volcano, I do what I can to say nothing but it always ends not explode! In general I'm right, admittedly, but ... it not improve my reputation. 
 Puck: It is true that it's annoying when you do it. (He laughs and gets closer to Rachel a little more). 
 Rachel: So, what do you think we should do to make people change their minds about us? 
 Puck: I do not know ... (He leans over to kiss him but a few millimeters from her face, Rachel pushes him away). 
 Rachel: No, stop, I can not do that! 
 Puck: You know, the guy who did this will put you in the first place if he knew that you were wrong with me ... Jessi (Rachel hesitates). And Jessi really never understand what it means to be Jewish. (It is repenche towards her but she rejects him again). 
 Rachel: No ... I ... I'm really fascinated by your image of bad boy but I think it is necessary that all that remains professional ... 
 Puck: (rising from bed and getting ready to go). Ok, without me, why I would stay even if you can not combine business with pleasure? 
 Rachel: But ... (she rises). Puck, I beg you aasseoir back and work together on the project ... OK? It will help us both, I promise ... right? (She takes his hand and leads him into the center of his room). 
 SCENE 11: In addition to the staff room and Emma-Sue 
 Emma Sue leads by the hand along the wall outside the room professeurs.La room is full of teachers. 
 Emma: Wait, I'm not sure there arriver.T ''re sure it's a good idea? 
 Sue: Evidemment.Ne not think about him, this is for you that you do. (They arrive at the door of the room). 
 Emma: Ok ... Ok I will. 
 Sue: Oh, I can not go in there, there are people who laugh at me in slow motion inside. 
 Brenda: (arriving at their height). Oh, but look who's here, it seemed to me that I had felt a naff! 
 Sue: Do not start to annoy me with your dirty mouth or I'll tear your teeth one to one! (Emma attends the exchange without saying anything). 
 Brenda: Ok, I'm waiting, you will not be the first to have tried to confront you in me, cum otter! (It grows in va.Sue Sue then opened the staff room and brought Emma.Will chats with an old lady who looks back Emma). 
 Sue: (to Emma). Ready to play. (Emma advance in the room). 
 Emma: Excuse me! 
 Will: Oh, would you grant us a second, please? 
 Emma: Actually, non.Je can not give you a seconde.Désolée, you will have to submit your session tampering with Mrs. Carlisle later! (Will turns, as shocked as Mrs. Carlisle.Les other teachers watching the scene). 
 Will: Emma! 
 Ms. Carlisle: Oh, I beg your pardon? Mr Schuester and I were talking only of the recent death of my husband ... (She bursts into tears). 
 Emma: Wow! You the mugs directly to funerals, now! (Will is abasourdi.Les other teachers start to laugh. Emma speaks to the assembly). Nobody is immune, ladies, save yourselves! 
 Will: You can talk privately? 
 Emma: No! No, Will ... There's talk now because I have absolutely nothing to hide, you know? Besides, you knew I was following a therapy? You knew it or not? I tried to treat my OCD so that you and I are both! You think it's funny? Bah and no, it's very humiliating even, indeed! And meanwhile, you called you batifoles with Shelby? And you sleep with April Rhodes? 
 Will: Uh .... How did you know about this? 
 Emma: You deny it anyway! Well, I thought you wanted to make it work between us ... and when you have sdis that you needed a little time to see more clearly, I thought you were really sincere! But comedy has enough time, and now things are changer.J 'have decided to assert myself and never let me do ... You're a drag, Will! You're a slut! (The other teachers look away laughing). I say aloud, Will Schuester is a trail and everyone should know! (Talking to Will). And as for you, know that it's over between us! (The court then turned to Ms. Carlisle). I offer my condolences ... (She leaves). 
 SCENE 12: Library-the library manager, Kurt, Tina, Mercedes, Artie and Brittany 
 Kurt, Tina, Mercedes, Artie and Brittany arrive at the library in costume very colorés.Kurt verifies there are people. 
 Mercedes: The rush hour has arrived! 
 Artie: I think I'm going to deflate ... 
 Brittany: You deflate where? 
 Leader: Hush! 
 Kurt: Ok friends, it is temps.Si we manage our time, we will be legends in the eyes of tous.Et will be on the GList, in the top 5 facile.Artie, volume maximum.Que the show! 
 They begin to sing and dance on the song "U can 'touch this." Initially, the librarian seems outraged. 
 Librarian: It was really mignon.Je'll talk to my pastor and see if you could interpret it come to the office on Sunday. (Students are broken). 
 SCENE 13: In the office of Will-Will and students in the choir 
 Will takes each student individually to question them about the GList and discover responsable.A turn, students defend themselves, a little angry. 
 Will and Finn 
 Will: Listen all this does not please me more than you, but if I do not find out who made the GList and I did not stop him from sending in another, the glee club will dissoout and I can not accept it. 
 Finn: Uh ... I know I looked angry lately and I kicking chairs from time to time but it was not me, I swear! 
 Will: All that proves is that you, Finn.Tu have decided to publish this list to take revenge of autres.Quinn you've broken my heart, you have been betrayed Puck, Kurt has stowed away his father with your mother and I know that ... 
 Will and Mercedes 
 Will: ... everything has not always been rosy with Santana and Brittany. 
 Mercedes: I have absolutely nothing against Santana! And I like Brittany!It is Quinn who has a grudge against her! 
 Will: Acknowledges that a number of cheers on this liste.Et-leaders acknowledge that you always feel a little away from this group! 
 Mercedes: I do not know what you mean, and I love cheers-be leaders, and why everyone thinks I'm angry all the time, it's called having personality, sir! 
 Will and Artie 
 Artie: It's a simple matter of logic, the list was up to 1m69 in height, so technically it can not be me! And I know for sure ... 
 Will and Tina 
 Tina: ... I saw Puck display the list in the hallway. 
 Will and Puck 
 Puck: What? I made the move, she was on the record of Rachel, so I took it off, a true mec.J EMMC was trying to be nice! 
 Will: Puck, you can not lie forever, then gives birth! 
 Puck: If it were me I would not put in issue 3, level rebellious attitude I'm number one so I repeat, I am innocent! 
 Will and Brittany 
 Brittany: I did not know how to turn on the computer. 
 Will and Quinn 
 Quinn: It was Rachel. (Will frowns). It's obvious, I stole the guy that it kiffait, and then the one with whom she went out to forget the guy that it kiffait.Et I a real bitch with her. 
 Will: No, it's not his style. 
 Quinn: I remind you that you have already lied before! And then you say that there is only one culprit? 
 Will and Kurt 
 Will slap of fists on the table. 
 WILL: I know you have information, you will not get out until I have answers! (Kurt looks without expressing any sense). 
 Kurt: Mr. Schuester, can I show live? 
 Will: (sigh). I'm listening. 
 Kurt: Since you are separated from your wife you spend most of your evenings in front of reruns of New York, police, does not it? (Will no response). I was sûr.Et, no, I have not done this GList. 
 Will: (discouraged). Ok ... 
 SCENE 14: Corridor of the school-Kurt, Tina, Mercedes and Artie 
 Kurt: We are as helpless as babies muppets.Ce which means our reputations wimps remained perfectly intact. 
 Artie: We have to do something you never fait.Un something even scarier than the personality of Rachel. (The others look interrogative). Must go to tell him that Ona Sylvester posted the video . 
 Tina: But ... We will get kicked! 
 Kurt: It may be worth the coup.Les other students will consider us as people finally ... dangerous ... 
 
 
 
 SCENE 15: Office of Sue-Sue 
 Sue wrote in his diary. 
 Sue thought: Dear diary, I do not know how long I'll still endure this humiliation. (She emphasizes the word "humiliation". More than 3 million people have already seen my vidéo.Mon misfortune would it be a form ofrevenge for the way I treat people? (The phone rings, Sue sighed before landing). 
 Sue: Yeah, you talk to Sue. 
 Olivia Newton John: Hello, Sue? This is Olivia Newton John. (We see him talking on the phone in a limo). The star of Grease, the musical's most profitable of all time! 
 Sue: It's very funny, let me say that this is a ridiculous imitation! (She hangs up, Olivia's surprise). 
 Sue thought: Journal, I understood the leçon.Sue Sylvester should start to play nice, full-time. (The phone rings again, and Sue wins). 
 Olivia: Hi, it was cut, I crois.C is Olivia Newton John, I released a record seven titles have been number 1. 
 Sue: Sing one of your songs. (Olivia runs. She began singing "Physical". Sue can not believe it). 
 Olivia: This title was the biggest hit of the year 80.Ecoutez Sue, I realize now the opening ceremony of a reserve for koalas orphelins.Mais, I heard my daughter Chloe guffaw before a clip circulating on the net the other day and I saw your vidéo.Et, I had to ask you, what may well push someone to do something like that? 
 Sue: Well, to be honest, Olivia, this video was definitely not supposed to be made publique.Certaines fimées people like to be in the process of sending into the air like rabbits, but I think it is that I fimée rather be by reviewing the classics of dance aerobics. 
 Olivia: Well it made me réfléchir.Ce title was the biggest hit of my career, "Physical" stayed 10 weeks in first place. 
 Sue: Yeah, it's a classic. 
 Olivia: Oh, I agree. Only I bungled its release the video, which, incidentally, was the first music video in history, but there were all these obese pants tight, and it was perhaps a little song has extrême.La souffert.Mais then I saw your video on the net, Sue.Et I thought I could maybe even be through sauver.Peut vous.Je to go to Ohio for a work deemain deforestation Clean Islands. 
 Sue: Or you're getting? 
 SCENE 16: Corridor of the school-Will and some students and teachers 
 Will walking down the hall and is approached by students and professeurs.Il crosses first a student. 
 Student: You assure Schuester! 
 Sue: Hi obsessed. 
 Brenda: Will Schuester? 
 Will: Yes? 
 Brenda: I'm Brenda Castle, the new professor of astronomy and badminton. (It takes one s arm and walked with him). It happens that I am also an alcoholic and addict médocs.Il seems that this is your kind of femme.Si we went to this office to copulate?! 
 Will: (shocked). But no, finally! (He emerges and in va.Au passage, he met Figgins.) 
 Figgins: I pray you, William, we've all heard about your debauchery! 
 Will: (shouting). But nothing happened! (He turns and comes face to face with Ken.) 
 Ken: It's not the most important, Will.T 'have broken the heart of a poor woman who was suspicious of everyone already. 
 Will: I did not want to hurt anyone. 
 Ken: Like you did not want to hurt me, too. But now I have to eat 6000 calories kg-day if not I will forget my grief. (He leaves.) 
 Sue: Trail. (Will sighs). 
 SCENE 17: In front of the office of Sue-Kurt, Artie, Tina, Mercedes and Brittany 
 Artie: Remember, if Sylvester hits you after you for the video, above all, do not cry like a girl. 
 Mercedes: It's really brave what you do Kurt. 
 Kurt: I know ... thank you ... 
 Mercedes: (seeing Sue get off). Oh my god! (Kurt turns terrified and then walk up to it). 
 Kurt: Miss Sylvester, I could talk a minute? 
 Sue: What do you want? 
 Kurt: ... you certainly know that a video was posted by you the laughing stock of national ... (he takes a deep breath). Stolen tape in your special drawer syringes and was on is internet.Nous accept the punishment you deem necessary ... 
 Sue: So it was you ... (she starts to smile). I can not thank you enough. (Va.Kurt it in turns to the small group that awaits him, stunned). 
 SCENE 18: Kurt-Library, Tina, Artie, Brittany and Mercedes 
 Artie: So she was not angry at all? It is weird. 
 Tina: Maybe the reviews were radoucis.Et that people are beginning to have pity on her. And as they sympathize, they feel valued. 
 Kurt looking on the net's video and Sue is another side: "Physical video-Sue Sylvester and Olivia Newton John." 
 Kurt: Wait a second, take a look on it! 
 They watch vidéo.Il is a new clip shot on "Physical" by Olivia Sue and homes with muscular doing sport. 
 Mercedes: Wow! More, more, more, more! (The others join it). 
 Kurt: I really need to learn to dance like them. 
 SCENE 19: Music Room-Will and students of the choir 
 Will: So ... Your young men will soon terminée.Si attention.La week does not pass the guilty to confess, this whole situation will no longer depend moi.Et it will be the Principal Figgins slicing. 
 Finn: Seriously, Mr. Schuester, the one who made this list does denounce pas.On has only tighten the buttocks and wait for the penalty falls! 
 Will: (looks at students towers towers). Perfect ... Okay, so in this case, let's start! Rachel, we present your project in a bad reputation. (She gets up and gets put in front of everyone with a smile). 
 Rachel: I would like to say a few words before tout.Bien being aware that a movie has apropre s explanation, I know some here are not scholars of the complex language of art cinéatographique.Je obviously waiting for me to this video is completely above the head of instruct less of you. (Brittany smiles). Well, I just wanted to say ... I hope you enjoy my bad reputation!Light ... It's good. (It starts the video). 
 On the video, Rachel performs "Run Joey Run", accompanied at first by Puck and Jesse Finn.Quand boys discover that Rachel has "betrayed" for the clip, he is stunned and in the end colère.A film, only Rachel Quinn, Brittany and Santana applaudissent.Rachel gets up to once again put before the lights groupe.Les reviennent.Puck, Jesse and Finn look edgy. 
 Rachel: Well, we just have to ... take a minute or two to absorb what we have to look! 
 Finn: What is this sh1t?! 
 Will: Finn! 
 Puck: No, he's right! Already I have to learn to listen to me more because I knew that no recording to sh1t! 
 Will: (trying to intervene). Puck! 
 Jesse: Why hast thou not said they would also play into it?! I thought we were going out! Share the bill with two other guys who also interpret the role of your boyfriend, I find it mortifying! 
 Rachel: It was an art prize party! 
 Finn: No, not at all! You just wanted to give the impression that many guys you turn around and never seem like a marginal and give you a picture of a gun singer and shameless! (Finn gets up and comes just before it). I can not believe you've done something like that ... To me and autres.Tu not tell me that your reputation is more valuable than your friends! (He leaves, followed not Jesse). Jesse, waiting! 
 SCENE 20: Hospital-House of John and Sue Jean 
 Sue is lying on the bed with John. 
 John: I saw your clip, Sue.Tu are sensational! 
 Sue: Thank you, Jean.Tu always manages to find the right words to comfort me when I perdue.Tout what I need is to change your attitude! I had forgotten how good it was to give love ... I worried so much about what everyone would be able to think well of me! While there is only one person in the world, I want to impress. 
 John: Who? 
 Sue: Who? You idiot! And when I returned to the cafeteria for teachers, yesterday, I have calmly informed my meteoric rise as surprising as in show biz, and I told them very politely that I had nothing to do with thatthey thought of me! 
 -Flashback-Sue staffroom and other teachers 
 Sue waving papers 
 Sue: What do I see? Gosh! Sue Sylvester has a clip on a tube placed in the top 700 band rednecks! Then they laugh more, eh? 
 Back to the hospital 
 Sue: Because Olivia NJ has already given his recipe for freshwater manatees, I decided to leave the intégralités of my profits to retraite.Ah this house, this is not much ... I was literally f*cked Oivia in the negotiations ... I'll dance with her again, that's for sure! But certainly good enough to pay it a few benches behind the summer. Maybe even a vegetable garden, or you shall grow your vegetables! 
 John: That would be really cool! 
 Sue: Yeah ... After all these years, how it is possible that you always know in more than me about these topics? 
 John: I'm the smartest. (Sue laughs). 
 Sue: And the prettiest, too, it's disgusting! 
 John: Oh, thank you ... 
 Sue: Well, if we read a story? (She takes out a book). 
 John: Ok! 
 Sue: (showing the front cover). You see, in these two little bears? 
 John: It's you and me? 
 Sue: Exactly, I'm big. 
 John: And I'm small. 
 Sue: Yes, and you you're the petit.Et what is written? 
 Jean: (reading). "I will always love you." 
 Sue: And I also love you. Always ... 
 SCENE 21: Office of Will and Emma-Emma 
 Will arrives in the office of Emma with a bouquet of flowers. 
 Will: Hi. (He closes the door). I brought you flowers ... (He hands her the bouquet). 
 Emma: (taking the bouquet). They are very nice, thank you. 
 Will: (sitting). Uh ... I f*cked up, Emma.Je believe in all this ... discovery of myself, I had to make some bad détours.Et I comprens that these deviations ... stink ... have ... blesser.Mais you, now I know that's not what I want at the bottom of moi.Ni ... or what ever I want. 
 Emma: I know what is supposed to happen maintenant.Je'm supposed to smile and see how you discovered about yourself and rejoice that so much to you to hold me, but ... I can not. 
 Will: But, I assure you Emma, I feel too mal.Et I want ... I want you to see me again as you saw me before. 
 Emma: I can not ... you know ... But it's a good bar.c 'is true, if you really want it to work one day between us, so ... should we start to see themselves as that it is actually both. (Will sighs). Thanks for the flowers. 
 Leaving the hall, Will observes Quinn.Elle is jostled by everyone. 
 SCENE 22: Music Room-Quinn and Will 
 Will: I know it was you who made the list. 
 Quinn: You have no proof! I can not believe you wanted me to blame! I'm going to evict! After all, it would logique.Je mean, all I had before I perdu.Ma popularity, have my little, my beautiful body, then throw as much ... with my education! 
 Will: You know when I knew it was you? (Quinn shook his head negatively). By the time I saw what it was like to be in your situation.Ca takes years to get a good réputation.Mais just a few seconds for the wrong decision and we détruire.Une changes from top to bottom ... trou.Tu've lost so much, Quinn, eh? Autreent said, it was you who had the most to gain from this GList. 
 Quinn: (starting to cry). I swear I did not want to hurt anyone! 
 Will: I know ... 
 Quinn: I was captain of the team-leaders of cheers, club president of abstinence, I had Finn ... The crowd parted like the first two red when I crossed the couloir.Mais I became invisible. 
 Will: And ... you think being seen as an easy girl that is better? 
 Quinn: A bad reputation is better than no reputation at all. 
 Will: (sigh). I know it seems like life stops at your high school âge.Mais this is not the case! You'll give this baby to a family that really wants, which will like very much! And then you will live a unique Quinn, I promise. 
 Quinn: Do you really think I can get any one day? 
 Will: No! I think you can still have mieux.Je mean, after all, you're Quinn Fabray, sh1t! (Quinn smiles). The crowd parted not only Mantua, the obligeais you to deviate just by your attitude! 
 Quinn: Thank you sir are a prf Schuester.Vous great, even if everyone says you are wave drag. 
 Figgins enters the room. 
 Figgins: vouiez You see me, William? You have discovered that this creates GList? (He notes that Quinn dry her tears). 
 Will: Non.J 'I asked all my students and ... kedal.Aucun has confessed to fait.Et to be quite honest, I think. 
 Figgins: (turning his attention to Will). Do not try to butter me up. I refuse to let this school taken hostage by enfantilages so. 
 Will: I know, and ... your message is passé.L author recommencé.On should not be content with this victory and forget about it. 
 Figgins: (looking again Quinn). Perfect ... (He wears his look at Will). I always pray for you, Will. (He leaves). 
 Quinn: Thank you. 
 SCENE 23: Corridor of the school-Rachel and Jesse 
 Rachel opened her casier.En the closing, she contaste that Jesse is right next to it. 
 Rachel: Hi ... uh ... you're still angry against me? 
 Jesse: Before I transferred here to make out with you, I inquired about the image people had of you in this school. 
 Rachel: And ... what did they say? 
 Jesse: Most knew who you were. Those who knew said that you had damn good air quality but that was canceled by your need to always be right and your strange fascination with wearing sweaters with animals it. (Rachel looks at her clothes but keep your head up). But the most interesting is that, although there was not many people that you really like, they all said that you were someone confidence. 
 Rachel: I still am, believe me! I suffer from a pathological need to be popular, OK? I really want everyone thinks I'm cool I admit it can sometimes distort my jugement.Mais as a future star, I'm sure you too Paux understand that! 
 Jesse: As a future star, Yes.but as a guy who has everything to do with you planted its elected I just can not pardonner.J you 'should have enough for you, Rachel! 
 Rachel: I knew you would break my heart. 
 Jesse: That's what's funny with the wave réputations.Tout sees me as a heart-breaker, but the truth, ultimately, is that you broke mine before. (Rachel seems to regret it it did). do me a favor, if we find ourselves side by side at the helm of the dance club this week, do your arabesques and your stakes in silence, and especially do not talk to me. (He va.Rachel, disoriented remains stuck doing nothing). 
 SCENE 24: Music Hall-The whole group 
 Rachel sang the song "Total Eclipse of the Heart", accompanied by Jesse, Puck and Finn.A the end of the song, everyone goes, including Jesse, leaving Rachel alone with Will and musicians. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 