Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Journey - Glee 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Journey https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=927&t=35957 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/21/20 09:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Journey 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1 - In the hallway - Will, Sue. 
 Will hang a poster on the wall that says, "Come support our New Directions, At regionals this Saturday." 
 Sue: Hi buddy, see you Saturday. 
 Will: What? 
 Sue: In Regionales, you're not aware, I am part of the jury. 
 Scene 2 - In the office Figgins - Will, Sue, Figgins. 
 Will: You can not allow such a thing! 
 Figgins: I'm up and poilier, I have no authority over how the board is responsible for managing the contest. 
 Sue: I'll make it short Will, it was decided this year that the jury would be required by regional celebrities and I'm a celebrity William. It is obvious that my new statue office only highlight your mediocrity. That's how I Am Legend, I can not help it. 
 Will: Do you have any idea of the work that my students have provided? 
 Sue: I'll be frank with you William, I feel a great difficulty paying attention to anything you could tell me: thy hair is like a field of heather, I expect to see emerge from the characters to Cartoon putting to extol the joys of driving a small truck. 
 Will: Mr. Figgins, I beg you do not let it destroy these poor students. 
 Sue: Oh William, I am deeply offended that you doubt my impartiality. 
 Will: You've disclosed our program to Communal! 
 Sue: I do not remember any of that. 
 Will: No! I'll let you do that. We worked like crazy to get where we are! 
 Figgins: I'm sorry our William arrrangement still stands, you must earn a spot in the Regional or I dissolved the Club! In your place I'll spend less time with me and advantage to convince the judge that Sylvester New Directions have talent. 
 Sue: Good luck William. In his tappotant shoulder and leaving the office. 
 Will: One of those four I feel like I'm gonna break. 
 Scene 3 (in the past) - In the room of Quinn - Quinn, Puck. 
 Quinn and Puck are spirited to kiss in the bed of Quinn. 
 Quinn: No. I can not. 
 Puck: But if, like drinks another flick. 
 Quinn: I am the president of the Abstinence Club, I made vows of chastity. 
 Puck: Santana and Brittany too, and I slept with them. 
 Quinn: Finn, what do you worry? This is your best friend. 
 Puck: Gave Me is not a high school buddy. You really think you and I will still remember him in three years? Life is a succession of experience at the end you will not receive a medal for good behavior. You die that's it. 
 Quinn: Ok, but you mention it to anyone because I value my reputation. 
 Puck: This will be our little secret baby. 
 Quinn: You're a capotte. 
 Puck: I! Trust me. This is not the first time I sleep with a girl. 
 Quinn: Re-tell me the if-you-please. 
 Puck: You is not fat. 
 Will: Quinn? Apart from his memories. 
 Scene 4 - At Will - Will the New Directions. 
 In the kitchen. 
 Will: Quinn? Are you? 
 Quinn: The year was difficult. 
 Will: Yes, I'll let you help with the dishes. 
 Quinn: I gave birth in a month, it's light I think I can wear them. 
 Will: Of course you're right. 
 Will Quinn and settled in the lounge with the other sad. 
 Will: No one wants pizza? We will then get to work. Thank you all for being there for that very first meeting where we will decide the program that we present to the Regional. 
 Artie: It's done in advance sir. Coach Sylvester is part of the jury, it will sink us. 
 Will: That you know nothing. 
 Santana: If it's on. She said during the training. 
 Brittany: Yes, she said the glee club I'll push it. 
 Puck: And a year of lost. All that work for nothing. 
 Tina, who starts crying: I beg your pardon, I think you are all wonderful.You know how I had friends on facebook before the Glee Club? Both my parents. Rachel was right, participate in something special, it can make you special. I can not believe a week is all over. 
 Finn: Wait we will continue to be right? 
 Mercedes: You're stupid or what? You think Puck or Santana will continue to speak to me outside of class once the Glee Club will no longer exist? 
 Puck: It is not wrong. 
 Rachel weeping: Mr. Schuester, instead of selecting our songs maybe we could go around the table, and everyone would say that the Glee Club has brought him. 
 Scene 5 - In the office of Emma - Wil, Emma. 
 Will: I restrained myself as I could to not cry but it's as if they had run the marathon to take a punch to arrive. 
 Emma: What do you want from me exactly? 
 Will: What you advise me. 
 Emma: Do you remember when you wanted to leave teaching to become an accountant? And I've shown this video of you singing with gusto National and you told me it was the best day of your life. Do you remember why? 
 Will: Because I loved what I did. 
 Emma: And it is this passion that you try to send them. Do not you think all this is much more important than winning or losing? 
 Will: Huh, what did I miss you. 
 Emma: I see someone at the moment. 
 Will: Sorry? 
 Emma: His name is Carl, Carl Howell, is my dentist and he has always been very impressed with my Mouth hygiene. The last time I go to his office he has shown with what he sterilize his instruments and he invited me. Since we see each other every night. 
 Will: And you ...? 
 Emma: Huh ... 
 Will: No, no it's not look at me I say nothing. 
 Emma: No, I pray it does not matter. I thought that our attempts have not had very successful so ... 
 Will: Thanks for your advice. 
 Emma: Uh, it's not, he and I have nothing. 
 Will leave the office. 
 Scene 6 - On the road in his car - Will. 
 Will exchange radios, until he fell on "Do not Stop believing". Then he stops in the middle of the road. And he starts crying. 
 Scene 7 - On the stairs of the school - Rachel Finn. 
 Rachel descends the stairs, called Finn and down stairs. 
 Finn: Rachel! I must speak to you. Nothing was lost again the other night it took you Plombes atmosphere. You're our leader Rachel, you we constantly breaks the feet but it is you who maintain motivation within the club. You and I will fix everything, we will participate in the Regional and we will win. 
 Rachel does not respond and kisses. 
 Scene 8 - In the rehearsal room - Will the New Directions. 
 Will wrote Journey to the table, when Finn and Rachel enter the room. 
 Rachel: Mr. Schuester, Finn and I were to tell you something. 
 Will: Later, sit down. Nine months ago it was only five and it was bad, bad architecture even a cat, the horror. One day you will all leave this school and the Glee Club and all your comrades will be a distant memory. You will not get more right away to remember the name of each. We may need to remember the songs we sing. The solos that you obtained, those that you refuse. I teach you anything by saying that life has a beginning and an end, everything else is what you make it. I have too much affection for you, you show a bad example. One day I almost give up but you have to reason with ramenet Do not stop believing. It's worth a nine out of ten and you go make me a ten out of ten. 
 Rachel: We will resume Do not stop to Regional? 
 Will: And we'll sing in the other. We will make a best-of the same group.Too bad it will happen what will happen with this music because it has been our finest emotions. Rachel? What you wanted to tell me? 
 Rachel: We're glad that you got to give up to become an accountant. 
 Will: Regional, here we are. 
 Scene 9 - Concert Hall of the Regional - Will. 
 Will arrives in the lobby of the hall, he took a ticket: 
 Will: Thank you. 
 A lady: A program? 
 Will: Thank you. 
 The lady: You're welcome. 
 He looks around. He enters the room where the presentation is the juries.He applauds for everyone except Sue. 
 Voice: Ladies and gentlemen I present to you the jury, is a singer-songwriter talent, he has 20 platinum discs to his credit, applauding the inimitable Josh Groban. She won four Grammy awards, played in the musical's most profitable of all time, Olivia Newton-John. He is the star presenter of the chain with three Emmy awards WOHM Rod Remington.She holds the record for the competition cheerleader and will soon publish his memoirs under the title "I'm a big batante you are" someone who deserves to be known in his native Ohio, Sue Sylvester. 
 Sue: Thank you. Sue knows it. 
 Voice: I ask you a warm welcome to the choir of high school Westvel the pretty town of Fortway in Indiana, Aural Intensity. 
 Scene 10 - Lodge - Will the New Directions. 
 Puck: A medley of Olivia Newton-John and Josh Groban, but he does not care about us they have corrupted the jury. 
 Rachel: It must not be distracted by the program from other teams. 
 Finn: Go, courage. We must focus on our program. 
 Santana: Even though we already know we will lose. 
 Will enters the box. 
 Will: Yes, if you're all there just to win, so I owe you an apology, it was misunderstood, it is better we all returned home. We are here to compete, in addition we have something that other groups did not. 
 Artie: What? 
 Will: Finn, our freadaster (laughter). Eh, it's not true? 
 Brittany: You're no dance. 
 Will: Come on, if we have two minutes, Aural Intensity is almost finished.Our battle cry. 
 Scene 11 - In the lobby / backstage - Finn, Rachel. 
 Rachel Finn approaches. 
 Rachel: Tell me sh1t! 
 Finn: I love you. 
 Scene 12 - In the room / on stage - The New Directions. 
 The New Directions interpret Faithfully, Anyway you want it / Lovin ', Touchin', Squeezin 'and Do not Stop Believing (Regionals Version). 
 Scene 13 - Behind the Scenes - Will, The New Directions, Judi. 
 Finn: It was a totally crazy. 
 Tina: Here is one of at least second place. 
 Rachel: Are you kidding, we're here to win. 
 Matt: We will win! 
 Quinn: I can not wait to sit down. 
 Judi: Quinn. 
 Quinn: Mom, what are you doing here? Dad right? 
 Judi: I came to hear you sing, you're great. I'm really sorry I missed your other performances, there were many? I left your father, I made the damn door, he had an affair with a tattoo addict. Quinn, coming home with me, we transform the guest room in nursery. Darling tell me something. 
 Quinn: I just lost waters. 
 Scene 14 - On Stage / In hospital - Will, The Voice-adrenal, the New Directions, Judi. 
 While the adrenal Vocals interpret Bohemian Rhapsody. The New Directions running at the hospital. 
 Quinn: Mom, I hurt too. 
 Judi: Please my daughter is in labor. 
 Nurse: It is on this side. 
 Quinn: Wait a second, Mercedes, I want you to come. 
 Mercedes answers nodded. And Quinn, Mercedes, and Judi Puck entering the room. 
 Quinn: Mom, I hurt. ... It's too hard I could do it forever. No it is not. A Puck: I hate you I hate you I hate you. 
 Mercedes: Go push, push. 
 Nurse: Push. 
 Quinn: Let me, let me, let me, no, no, no. 
 Nurse: That's it appears the head. 
 Mercedes: The baby arrives. 
 Quinn: No it is not! 
 Nurse: Go, a little more effort. That's it. 
 During the interpretation of adrenal Vocals, Jesse and Rachel look at each other and then she leaves. 
 The nurse takes the baby and give it to Quinn. 
 Quinn: Oh, you're pretty. 
 Scene 15 - In the box of Shelby - Rachel, Shelby. 
 Rachel: Congratulations. 
 Shelby: Thank you Rachel. 
 Rachel: But you were beaten. Jesse is a great singer but you and I know it lacks soul. The glory days of the adrenal Vocals are gone so I have a suggestion to make. Comes to teach at McKinley. 
 Shelby: I beg your pardon? 
 Rachel: You and Mr. Schuester you'd both have our co-directors, nothing could stop us. There are so many things you could teach me. That you and only you could teach me. 
 Shelby: Oh, I want Rachel to stop giving singing lessons. I'm tired of teaching I want to think a little about me. This finding is in you all that I understood what I had missed in my life. I want to have a more balanced life, I want to have a house, a garden, a dog, a family. I so sorry to have let my chance with you. I want to repeat that mistake. Rachel goes to tears.Where are the others? 
 Rachel: They are, they are in hospital, Quinn gave birth. 
 Shelby: She's fine? 
 Rachel: Yes, it goes well and the child also. This is a pretty little girl. 
 
 
 
 Scene 16 - Hall of votes - Sue, Olivia, Josh, Rod. 
 Sue Newton-John it's going to sh1t. Remington, John Wayne assiez you and listen to me. I have no idea who will win first place or even the second but I know that out already and will be the last. 
 Rod: Sue if I may. I can tell you that this interpretation of Bohemian Rhapsody damn me once and I say that figuratively. In the 70's. I was going to receptions at Freddy Mercury and receptions ... hard. If you know what I mean. At that time people did not care much for labels. 
 Olivia: In my case I find shocking is that only one group paid tribute to my career. I find qu'Aural Intensity should win. 
 Sue: Yeah. 
 Josh: I have two questions. The first are you free? And second what you think of New Directions? I loved it, I think they have the dog. 
 Olivia: From dog! Anything, they have an obvious lack of technique. They abuse the register we are original, we are artists misunderstood. This is so in tune with the times. 
 Sue: I agree completely. Time to vote. 
 Olivia: I find the scene of the budget insignificant and what it was that these suits, it is a school for needy? 
 Josh: I thought the brunette had a nice voice. 
 Olivia: The brown does not have their places in show buisness. 
 Sue: Oh, calm down we are young. 
 Olivia: It's not an excuse, at age 14 I had already formed my own band.When Josh Groban was their age he was Mickey Mouse Club or something like that. 
 Sue: As a teacher, I must remember that some students are more advantaged than others and do not all have the same opportunities. 
 Olivia: Is that's what you get to sleep aids? You say that there are people who have no talent? You think being a celebrity? You are wrong, you give yourself a kind and that's it. 
 Rod: Olivia Newton-John raises an interesting point, you have much in common with the students in your school. Disappointing results with some delusions of grandeur. 
 Josh: There is something wrong at all! I must admit that the presence of Sue troubles me personally but it was not the celebrities that were originally composed this jury. 
 Sue: Shut up, Josh Groban. I am a cheerleader coach internationally recognized ... 
 Olivia: Who lives in Ohio. When it's over Josh and I will fly to Los Angeles and buisness you stay there as these cheesy brats. It is your decision is made? Time to vote. 
 Scene 17 - On stage - Will, Shelby, New Directions, adrenal Vocals, Aural Intensity, Sue, Rod, Josh, Olivia. 
 Juries come on stage. Applause. 
 Sue: Thank you all for being here today. As you know the song is a discipline ... And quite honestly it does not interest me at all then go straight to the results. The second place Regional 2010 is attributed to the high school choir Westvel behalf so close partion Aural Intensity. I can continue. And now the winners of the 2010 Regional Championship choirs are ... Adrenal vocals! 
 Artie: It is not even sélectionés. 
 Scene 18 - In hospital - Quinn, Puck, Shelby. 
 Puck: It looks like you. Want to keep it? 
 Quinn: No, and you? ... Do you love me? 
 Puck: Yeah, and even more now. 
 Shelby: Which is your child? 
 Quinn: What are you doing here? 
 Shelby: Oh I see. It looks like you. She has a first name? 
 Quinn: No. 
 Puck: Beth. 
 Shelby: It's pretty. I really like. 
 Scene 19 - In the hallway - Figgins, Emma, Will, Rachel. 
 Figgins and Emma compete in the office of Figgins. Then she goes out. 
 Will: Emma, Emma! What is happening? 
 Emma: It's really unfair, your students have worked so hard. You knew he had to give your room at the Club caterers amateurs. 
 Will: We had a deal, we lost just for the record. 
 Emma: Because Sue was cheating. She cheats. And you want me to say where the money goes it picks up the budget. It goes straight into his pocket. We can not let a thing like that. How can you remain so calm?Why do you flattened like a rug? 
 Will: I did my best Emma, ok? It's over I give up. 
 Emma: No, you should never give up, I do not care what others say sometimes it's worth fighting for. 
 Will: You mean the students? 
 Emma: Yes, of course. 
 Will: Are you sure? 
 Emma: Listen this is the future of our Glee Club not. 
 Will: Stop your salads, I love you Emma. That's it I say, and you also love me. Dentist or not our story is not over. 
 They kiss. 
 Rachel: Mr. Schuester. 
 Will: Yes? 
 Rachel: You can come to the auditorium? 
 Will: Biensur. 
 Scene 20 - In the auditorium - Will the New Directions. 
 Rachel: That's all we want to tell you something. 
 Matt: Earlier this year I was a football player again. 
 Tina: I stuttered. 
 Mercedes: I was a diva who is ignorant. 
 Quinn: I was the captain of the cheerleaders. 
 Mike: I never danced out of my chanmbre. 
 Santana: I hated all the students in this club. 
 Brittany: I do too. 
 Kurt: I was not honest with myself. 
 Puck: I threw student in the dumpster. 
 Artie: I had never kissed girls before. 
 Rachel: I was the laughingstock of the whole school. 
 Finn: I, I had no father, I lacked a referent, a positive image, someone who would help me become a man. 
 Rachel: It does not care about the judges' decision. We are winners because you had as a teacher. 
 Mercedes: The flame of the Glee Club will never die because you are the Glee Club and you will remain forever in our hearts. 
 And they sing To Sir with love heart in the eyes of Will weep and Sue moved. 
 Scene 21 - In the rehearsal room - Will, Sue. 
 Sue: This piece is as sterile as me. You join your green pastures. 
 Will: You just enjoy your success. 
 Sue: You could say it like that. 
 Will: Well congratulations you got what you wanted. I would shake your hand. 
 Sue: Before that you should disinfect your hands properly because when I see your body I fear chopper scabies. 
 Will: I understand. Maybe that was not good enough to beat adrenal voice, but it was largely better than aural intensity. 
 Sue: Oh William, I do not expect me to say how the votes were held. I took an oath, I am bound to silence. The results showed that other clubs were more deserving. 
 Back on the scene of votes: 
 It shows the register Sue New Directions in the first place. 
 Will: Well, congratulations. You win, I lost. Students have lost. 
 Sue: You must think I'm cruel. You're not wrong. I imagine you often spirited of you choke on a piece of something. And also recently I contacted a dealer in exotic animals. I tell you that I could hang out at the zoo, and you put your head in the back of a baboon with an infection with the yucky well could. 
You are also convinced that I am not a good person, all this because I remains unmoved when I hear the trivialities that you is at your retarded students on the possibilities of making the world better by, oh yeah , the magic of song. And that ultimately I have you and your iradiqué Glee Club of the surface of the earth. But what kind of world you intend to offer them.A world where I could not fool your hair, a world where I could not do sh1t about you when you cry in front of Michael Landon plusque redif one of the little house on the prairie. You want me to tell? It is not in this world that Sue Sylvester wants to live. Then I talked to Figgins. 
 Conversation that took place a little more: 
 Sue: The Glee Club must continue. And what I want I get it. Need me to explain again how sexual blackmail. 
 Figgins: Enough Sue, I'm sick. I would accept no more blackmail from you. I'm going to tell my wife about our s*x. In the occurance it is you who harass me. 
 Sue: I kidding Warning Figgins, if you do not renew their driveway. I'll have to talk about accessories we used latex. 
 Figgins: Huh? 
 WILL: What we continue next year? 
 Sue: You're an excellent teacher. I love you but not much I admire you and I admire the work you have done with your students. Sincerely. Good luck William. She hand tent. The idea of a whole year to get yourself some troubles me rejoices as you can not imagine. 
 Will: You want me to tell? I'm sure you're an amazing person. 
 Sue: Anything. 
 Will: You got a big heart. 
 Sue: Okay, uh, loose my hand. 
 Will: Hey, I appreciate what you do for students. I oublirais not. 
 Sue: And I will not be long before you puke on the face. 
 Scene 22 - In the rehearsal room - Will the New Directions. 
 Will: We continue next year. 
 Tina: What? 
 Will: Young people the adventure continues. 
 Laughing, crying, joy. 
 Rachel: Are you serious? Whoa. It will be a hug to Will. Listen to me we have an extraordinary opportunity then I suggest that repeats now for next year. 
 Will: That's enough this year you work like crazy, you must rest. 
 Rachel: But I have plenty of ideas. 
 Will: Enjoy a vacation, have fun. Oh but before you I have something for you. You sing to me the other day I want to thank you for myself. Puck you ready? 
 Will and Puck sing Over the Rainbow. 
 During the song: 
 Scene 23 - In hospital - Shelby. 
 Nurse: The adoption file at the air full, however there is not the child's first name on the birth certificate. 
 Shelby: It's Beth. 
 End of the episode. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 