Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Preggers - Glee 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Preggers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=927&t=35906 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/15/20 09:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Preggers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Episode 4 : «　Preggers» 
 KURT'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 
 Kurt joined by Tina and Brittany, imitates Beyoncé on the song "Single Ladies" in the clip. Suddenly, his father arrives and turns off the music. Kurt turns around and faces his father in surprise. 
 Kurt : Dad. You're home early. 
 Mr Hummel : Deadliest Catch is on. What are you wearing? 
 Kurt : It's a unitard. Guys wear them to, uh, work out nowadays. Do sports. 
 The girls agree. 
 Kurt : They wick sweat from the body. 
 His father verifies and approves. 
 Mr Hummel : Mm... 
 Tina : F-F-Football. 
 Kurt's fixed. 
 Kurt : Yeah, all the guys in football wear 'em. They're jock-chic. 
 Brittany : Totally. Kurt's on the football team now. (Kurt, reeling from the news opens the eyes like marbles.) He's the kicker. That's the smallest guy on the field, right? 
 Kurt : Yeah. Ye... Brit and Tina were just helping me with some conditioning work. 
 Mr Hummel : Hmm. Really? You know, I played in J.C. before I busted up my knee... poppin' wheelies on my dirt bike. 
 Kurt : Cool. I guess we'll have something to talk about then. (Laughing) 
 The two girls laugh too. 
 Mr Hummel : So one of you two his girlfriend? 
 Kurt put his hand on the buttocks with Tina, surprise. 
 Kurt : But I'm not ready to be exclusive just yet. 
 Mr Hummel : Hmm. All right, just keep the music down. I can't hear myself think up there. 
 His father goes away. 
 Mr Hummel : Hey, Kurt. Be sure to get me a ticket to your first game. 
 Kurt, smiling and uncomfortable, agrees. 
 APARTMENT WILL - LIVING ROOM - MORNING 
 Terri and Will doing the breathing exercises for the future birth of their child, along with Kendra's sister, Terri. 
 Will : You're doing great, baby. Just keep breathing. 
 Kendra : No, no, no. (Wispering) Giving birth is not like how it is in the movies. It is bloody and bestial... and you get poop all over your cowboy boots. 
 Will : Well, I'm just trying to be supportive. 
 Kendra : Well, this isn't about you. 
 Will : I'm sorry, Kendra. When was I making it about me? 
 Kendra : Mm...(Wispering) You have to be liked, Will. You're nice and supportive and you avoid conflict. 
 Terri approves. 
 Kendra : (Screaming) Your wife is going to be pushing a watermelon out of her boy-howdy... in five months. She doesn't need nice. She needs Dolomite. 
 Will : I can be tough. 
 Kendra : Of course you can, sweetie.....Okay, why don't you come on down here. 
 Kendra kneels before Terri's stomach. Suddenly, Terri was frightened. 
 Kendra : I'm gonna show you how to rub the gas bubbles out of your wife's stomach. 
 Will : Okay. 
 Terri rises sharply. 
 Terri : Oh, no, wait. 
 Kendra : Oh, no, no. You'll like it. Phil still does it to me. It feels great. 
 Terri : I don't want him touching my stomach. I mean, maybe he would bruise the baby. 
 Kendra : Oh!.... 
 Terri : Yeah. Honey, would you make me a B.L. T? 
 Will : Sure. Uh... Um, it's gonna take a few minutes though. 
 Terri : That's okay. 
 Will kisses his wife and rises. 
 Will : Okay, be right back. 
 Will spinning in the kitchen. 
 Kendra : (Screaming to Will) Make me one too. But hold the tomato. 
 Will : Okay. 
 Kendra : And the lettuce. 
 Will : Okay. 
 Terri : (Shattered) I can't do this. 
 Kendra : Don't worry about it. You're gonna have an epidural. I'm just making it sound worse than it is to make him feel guilty. 
 Terri : Yes. 
 Kendra : And then you have him by the balls for the rest of your life. 
 Terri : Kendra, if I told you something, would you promise not to tell anybody, not even Phil? 
 Kendra : Oh, my God. Is the baby black? 
 Terri : No. 
 Terri showing him her fake belly. 
 Kendra : Oh!.... 
 Kendra, in shock, the belly button, but Terri's cache immediately in tears. 
 Terri : The doctor said it's a hysterical pregnancy. I can't tell Will. I can't. He already has one foot out the door. This baby's the only reason he's still here. 
 Kendra : What do you think he's gonna do when he finds out you lied? 
 Terri : Oh, God, I don't know. I gotta tell him the truth.....I've gotta tell him, and I've gotta deal with the consequences. 
 Terri wanted to get up, but retains the Kendra. 
 Kendra : Are you insane? 
 Terri : What? 
 Kendra : Dishonesty is food to a marriage. It will die without it. 
 Terri : Oh! Kendra... 
 Kendra : Stop being so emotional. 
 Terri : Okay. 
 Kendra : The solution is clear. We're gonna have to get you a baby. 
 Kendra, smiling, fixed Terri, stunned. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - HALL OF REST - MIDI 
 Will, incoming, seeking a place for lunch. Suddenly, he is approaching that of Ken and Emma. 
 Will : Hey, guys. I hope I'm not intruding. 
 Emma : No. Not at all. 
 Ken agrees. While Will sits. 
 Emma : ...Oh, um, so get this. You know how I'm kind of like a local news junkie, right? 
 Will : (Smiling) Isn't that kind of depressing? 
 Emma : Oh, no. It's kind of like a horror film, you know. It's drug recalls and poison toys. Africanized bees... that was terrible. 
 Ken : That's because disasters freak you out yet fascinate you at the same time, sweetie. So you like the local news because this way you can experience them... from the safety of your condo. 
 Emma : ( Disconcerted, approves) ...Anyway... Yeah, um, they just finished this story on this zoo mauling... and, um, you'll never guess who came on next. 
 [Flash Back] 
 TV NEWS 
 Journalists have the nightly news. 
 Rod (TV) : «Well, let's see what's going on now... with the local champion cheerleading coach, Sue Sylvester... in a brand-new segment we call "Sue's Corner."　» 
 Andréa (TV) : «　Take it away, Sue. » 
 Sue (TV) : «　Thanks, Rod, Andrea. You know, caning has fallen out of fashion in the United States. But ask anyone who's safely walked the immaculate sidewalks of Singapore... after winning an international cheerleading competition... and they'll tell you one thing: caning works. And I think it's about time we did a little more of it right here. And to all those naysayers out there who say, "That's illegal. You can't strike children on their bare buttocks with razor-sharp bamboo sticks." Well, to them I say : «　yes, we can.　» And that's how Sue sees it.» 
 [Back to reality] 
 Will : They gave her a segment on the local news? 
 Emma : Mm-hmm. 
 Will : Why? 
 Emma : Mm... 
 Suddenly, Sue arises beside them. 
 Sue : Because being a local celebrity who's been written up twice... on the sports page of «　USA Today　» has its perks, William. (To Ken) Hey, pal, you wanna pull that chair out for me? My hand's still sore from signing autographs down at the Donut Hole...this morning. 
 Ken, annoyed, will pull a chair for her, but she does not sit. 
 Sue : Brought you some holes I couldn't finish. And, uh, F.Y. I... the overnights were through the roof. You don't know what that means, do you? Overnights. Well, that's lingo for overnight ratings... which shows us leading among 18 to 49-year-olds... making WOHN western Ohio's number one local newscast. 
 Emma : Wow. 
 Sue : "Wow" is the word, Alma. You know, I wasn't always in the spotlight. (To Emma) But I didn't wanna end up stuck at a lousy high school... wrestling with mental Illyés. (To Ken) Or 40 and single... Coaching the worst football team in the history of our state. (To Will) Or having to go to the salon every week to have my hair permed. (To all) I didn't wanna have to do that to myself. So I sent out my CV, and I am so happy to tell you... that I am busting out of my box. I'd love to stay and chat, but I got a satellite interview. That's lingo, again, for an interview... via satellite. 
 Sue goes away leaving them angry, sad and frustrated. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - ROOM REPEAT - AFTERNOON 
 Will, giving scores at the Glee Club. 
 Rachel : E...Excuse me. This-This isn't the right key. 
 Will continue to distribute, turns to her. 
 Will : It's actually the right key. 
 Rachel : This is the alto part. 
 Will : Yep. Tina's doing the solo. 
 Tina, surprise, is happy. 
 Rachel : I'm...I'm sorry. There must be some sort of mix-up. I thought I made it very clear that anything from West Side Story goes to me. Maria is my part. Natalie Wood was a Jew, you know. I've had a very deep, personal connection to this role since the age of one. 
 Will turns to face her. 
 Will : Well, I'm trying to shake things up a bit, get us out of our boxes. 
 Rachel : (Furious) You're trying to punish me. 
 Will : I think you're being irrational. 
 Rachel : I think you're being unfair. 
 Will : I think you're being unfair to Tina...who might have been happy about getting her first solo. 
 Rachel : Tina knows how much I respect her, and I think she would agree with me... that she's not ready for such an iconic role as Maria. 
 Mercedes : Wait. I'm a Jet? 
 Rachel, exasperated, goes with a sigh. 
 Artie : The more times she storms out of rehearsal, the less impact it has. 
 Will smiles, turns to them. 
 Will : Congratulations, Tina. This is going well. 
 Tina, stretched, smiled. Then, everyone smiles are round. 
Moments later, Finn is about to leave. 
 Kurt : Finn? 
 Finn turns to Kurt. 
 Kurt : I needed to ask you something. 
 Finn : Thanks, but I already have a date to the prom. But I'm flattered. I know how important dances are to teen gays. 
 Kurt : I'm not gay. 
 Finn : Oh!.... 
 Kurt : I just... I needed a favor. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - FOOTBALL FIELD - AFTERNOON 
 Players in training under the command of Ken. 
 Ken : This is not that difficult, gentlemen. Let's go. 
 Players rushed under the critical eye of Ken. 
 Ken : Come on! Let's go! 
 In the distance, Kurt and Finn look coaching. 
 Kurt : Hum! Yeah! 
 Finn : Just relax, okay? Remember what I told you. Keep your eye on the ball. Don't try to aim it. Okay, put your helmet on. 
 Kurt : It'll mess up my hair. 
 Finn : (Laughing) Put your... Put your helmet on, okay? 
 Finn put his. 
 Finn : Oh! God, it's...Good. Red's your color. 
 Kurt : Thank you for helping me with this, Finn. You're really cool.(Wispering) .... 
 Finn : Well, I figure the more crossover between Glee and football...the easier my life's gonna be. 
 Kurt goes. 
 Finn : Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where you going? 
 Kurt : To get my music ready. 
 Finn : What, are you nuts? You can't use that. 
 Kurt : But we did when we were rehearsing. 
 Finn : Practicing. No one was around. You know how much interference I had to run with these guys just to get you this tryout? If you do it your way, they're gonna kill you. 
 Kurt : (Approaching to Finn) My body is like a rum chocolate soufflé. If I don't warm it up right, it doesn't rise. I'm doing this. I'm doing it my way. 
 Kurt goes under the anxious eyes Finn. Suddenly, Puck Finn approaches. 
 Puck : So are you two an item now, or... 
 Finn returning. 
 Puck : He doesn't belong here. 
 Finn : You joined Acafellas. What's the difference? 
 Puck : I'm a stud, dude. I can wear a dress to school, and people think it's cool. 
 Ken whistling at his players before this moment. All gather. 
 Ken : (Screaming) Everybody take a knee. Six games. Our kicker, Mr. Langanthal... is zero for 12 in field goal attempts. As most of you statistically-minded people know... that sucks! So Mr. Langanthal... will thusly now be in charge of hydration services. The next player that can get a football between those uprights will get his job. 
 Kurt advancing and tapping the shoulder of Ken. 
 Kurt : Hi. I'm Kurt Hummel, and I'll be auditioning for the role of kicker. 
 The other players snicker. But Kurt does not care. 
 Moments later, Kurt placing himself to shoot with Finn. Kurt put the music of Beyonce and starts dancing in front of the other players laugh. But suddenly, he pulls and brand. At the time, everyone is shocked. 
 Kurt : That was good, right? 
 Finn smiled and agreed. 
 Finn : Yeah. Yeah. 
 Kurt : It's good. 
 Ken, happy, approaches them. 
 Ken : Can you do that with the game on the line... and 10 gorillas bearing down on you... who want nothing more than to taste your sweet virgin blood? 
 Kurt : Sounds like fun. Can I have my music? 
 Ken : If you kick like that, you can wear a tutu for all I care. 
 Ken turned to his players happy. 
 Ken : Gentlemen,(ruffling Kurt) we have found ourselves a kicker! 
 Kurt welcoming the other players happy as irritated eyes Puck. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - OFFICE OF SUE - MORNING 
 Ringtone - Sue, signing autographs, when the director of the string. 
 Mr McClung : More mail for you, Sue. But I think there might be some hate mail mixed in... from your editorial on littering. 
 Sue : Well, Mr. McClung, your station didn't hire me because I was yella. 
 Mr McClung : Hum! Hum!...(Laughing) 
 Sue : And not everyone's gonna have the walnuts to take a pro-littering stance... but I will not rest until every inch of our fair state is covered in garbage. That's why I pay taxes. It keeps garbage men earning a living...so they can afford tacos for their family. 
 Mr McClung : Fantastic. But I'm...concerned...(Sitting in front of it) about your future at WOHN. You see, my daughter goes to your school... and she says that a lot of the top cheerleaders are defecting to the show choir. Mm...(Laughing) You know, it makes me wonder if you're... if you're losing all that talent how you can expect to win nationals. See, your segment's all about being a champion, Sue, a winner. 
 Sue : Hum! Hum! 
 Mr McClung : So... we need you to win nationals. Okay. Uh, thanks a bunch. 
 Mr. McClung rises. 
 Mr McClung : Great work. 
 McClung goes under the gaze of Sue Black. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDOR - MORNING 
 Ringtone - Quinn, to his locker, when the Finn calls away. 
 Finn : Quinn. 
 But she leaves. 
 Finn : Quinn. 
 Finn follows. 
 Finn : Hey, what's with the silent treatment? Whatever I did, I'm sorry. 
 Quinn : (In tears) I'm pregnant...(Whispering while the heart beat Finn intensifies in shock) I wasn't sure, and I really didn't wanna go by myself. I'm so sorry that I didn't tell you sooner. 
 Finn : Mine? 
 Quinn : (In tears, nods) Yes, you. Who else's would it be? 
 Finn : But we... we never... 
 Quinn : Last month. Hot tub? 
 [Flash Back] 
 QUINN'S HOUSE - EVENING 
 Quinn and Finn, in the bath tub, kissing passionately. Suddenly, Finn has a presentiment want to ejaculate. 
 Finn : Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh. 
 Quinn : (Annoyed) Think of the mail. 
 Finn : Oh!... 
 Quinn : Think of the mail. Think of the... 
 Finn ends up thinking the factor but it's too late despite the mother's voice in his head: "Oh! My God! You killed him. " 
 [Back to reality] 
 Finn : But we were wearing our swimsuits. 
 Quinn : Ask Jeeves said a hot tub... is the perfect temperature for sperm. It helps it swim faster. 
 Finn : Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. 
 Quinn starts crying harder. 
 Finn : Are... Are you gonna get a... 
 Quinn : No. I really thought I had a shot of getting out of here. 
 Quinn rushed into the arms of Finn completely bewildered. 
 SANDY'S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 
 Sandy showing her collection of dolls Sue. 
 Sandy : I've been collecting since 1961. 
 Sue : Now, isn't this just lovely and normal? 
 Sandy : They're my everything. 
 Sue : Hum! 
 The kettle whistles. 
 Sandy : (Lifting the finger )Teatime! (Whistling) 
 Sue : Right. 
 Sandy will look for the kettle while Sue is waiting in the lounge. 
 Sandy : So, to what do I owe the honor of your presence? 
 Sue : Oh, I just thought I'd stop by and say hello, buddy. Boy, the only thing missing from this place is a couple dozen bodies...limed and rotting in shallow graves under the floorboards. (Laughing) 
 Sandy returns. 
 Sandy : Please, have a seat on the casting couch. 
 Sue, smiling, sits down and Sandy who served tea. 
 Sandy : Hou! (Wispering) ...It is so wonderful to finally have some Sandy time. I have my bridge game on Fridays. Saturdays, I am fully committed at the local cat rescue. 
 Sue : Sandy. Let's cut the crap. 
 Sandy began to cry. 
 Sandy : ....I'm living in a cocoon of horror. Yesterday I ate nine cans of aerosol whipped cream. No... 
 Sue : You...Sandy, Sandy. We have similar problems. You need to be back in the spotlight. I wanna offer you the school's arts administrator position. (Sandy stopped crying and stands up.) You will have control of all the arts programs... music, art, drama. Wait for it. Glee Club. 
 Sandy : That's impossible. Figgins will never allow it. 
 Sue : Oh, don't you worry about Figgins. 
 [Flash Back] 
 HIGH SCHOOL - DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - MORNING 
 Ringtone - Sue Figgins before unperturbed. 
 Figgins : I'm never letting Sandy Ryerson back in this school. 
 Sue : Take a look at this. 
 Sue showed him a video found on the net where Figgins made up the numbers for a pub. Figgins, scared, victorious in front of Sue. 
 Sue : Well, I would hate to think of this video circulating around the school. Better yet, YouTube. 
 Figgins is very uncomfortable. 
 [Back to reality] 
 Sue : Our first order of business is Glee Club. 
 Sandy getting up and sitting next to Sue. 
 Sandy : Oh! I couldn't agree with you more. William is running it into the ground. 
 Sue : And there's one linchpin holding that group together. 
 Sandy : Rachel Berry. How do we steal her away? 
 Sue : Hold on to your Easter bonnet, Sandy. I'm gonna fire four words at you. Liza Minnelli. Céline Dion. 
 Sandy : Oh, yeah. I am yours. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDOR - AFTERNOON 
 Rachel enrolling for the new high school musical. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - AUDITORIUM - AFTERNOON 
 Rachel - Song : Taking Chances 
 Rachel auditioned in front of Sandy and Sue for the musical. 
 Sandy : Wow. 
 Rachel : What's next? 
 Sandy : Congratulations, Miss Sally Bowles. You have just landed the lead. 
 Rachel is very happy. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - MORNING 
 Will, angry face Figgins, Sue and Sandy all seated. 
 Will : This is a joke. 
 Figgins : William. Sandy has never been formally charged with anything. And the fact is, upon further reflection, my firing of him was rash. This is a wonderful thing, Will. How many times have you sat in the chair... complaining how I don't care about the arts program? 
 Will : Oh! ...(Wispering) This was you. (To Sue) You have always been out to get me. 
 Sue : Well, if I was out to get you, I'd have you pickling in a mason jar on my shelf by now. 
 Sandy : William, take a chill pill. I'm here to help you. 
 Will : Oh, really? Is that why you stole my best singer? 
 SCHOOL OF DANCE - AFTERNOON 
 Rachel, currently, interviewed by Will on his departure. 
 Rachel : An opportunity arose for me to showcase my talents, and I took it. How is that any different from when you quit Glee to form your boy band? 
 Will : Because I didn't do it out of spite. 
 Rachel : I'm offended by that accusation. I've always been a team player. Just admit it, Mr. Schue. You don't like me very much. 
 Will : That's not true. I am your biggest, and sometimes your only fan. 
 Rachel : Look, I know who I am, okay? I know I can be a little abrasive, bossy and conceited. I'm just hurt that you chose to judge me on that rather than on my talent. I know it sounds awful, but I'm the best one in there. I try the hardest, and I want it the most. 
 Will : Everyone knows that, and they're scared of it. They all think that they can slack off because you'll pick up their weight. We can't win regionals like that. We need everyone to think that they're a star. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - DIRECTOR'S OFFICE - MORNING 
 Sue, still facing Will, glad he explains his theory. 
 Sue : We're giving everyone a chance to think they're a star. We're providing opportunities. We're opening doors. Find your voice. Stomp that yard. All that crap. 
 Will : (To Figgins) What does she have on you? 
 Sandy : (Rising) Enough.... (Will turns to him) I tried to play nice with you, William. But clearly, you prefer to be adversaries. So be it. 
 SCHOOL OF DANCE - LOCKER ROOM - AFTERNOON 
 Rachel's belongings followed by Will. 
 Rachel : I'm not quitting Glee. I'm just looking for a reason to stay. 
 Will : Oh, like me taking the solo away from Tina? 
 Rachel : Everyone on the team is getting something out of being there. You're doing a great job of getting them out of their shells. 
 Will : Zzz...(Wispering) 
 Rachel : Except for me. I'm still getting my lipstick flushed in the toilet. I still don't have a boyfriend. Tina's great, but... why do you have to hurt me to make her feel good? 
 Will : Just come to rehearsal. 
 Rachel goes away without answering. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - ROOM REPEAT - AFTERNOON 
 Tina - Song : Tonight 
 Tina, to Will, who repeats the role gave him. 
 Will : That was great, Tina. Good job. 
 Will approaching her. 
 Tina : You don't have to say that. I was sh...sharp. I c...can't do this. 
 Will : Hey, look at me. 
 Will taking her by the shoulders. 
 Will : Have you noticed the more confident you are, the less you stutter? 
 Tina : Hum! ....(Smiling him) 
 Will : Hey. I need you to be great at regionals. To do that, you've got to know that you can do this. 
 Tina : You have to give this song to Rachel. She's better than me. And you know she'll quit if you don't. I'll just take one for the team. 
 Tina goes away leaving Will, bored. While Tina leaves the room, between Finn. 
 Will : Hey, Finn, what's up? 
 Finn begins to cry. 
 Will : Hey. It's okay. 
 Will takes it in her arms. 
 Will : It's okay. 
 RESTAURANT - MIDI 
 Will accompanies Finn, disoriented. 
 Finn : Thanks a lot for this, Mr. Schue. I couldn't talk to my mom, you know. 
 Will : Yeah. So how far along is she? 
 Finn : I don't know. A couple of weeks maybe. It's pretty recent, I guess. 
 Will : Well, what do you... what do you need me to do? You want me to... You want me to set you up with Planned Parenthood? 
 Finn : No. No. It's not even a conversation. She's keeping it. 
 Both sitting at a table. 
 Finn : I've seen the guys around town who had kids in high school. They work here or at the supermarket or pumping gas or worse. They're caged. Got no future. I can't become one of those dudes. Mr. Schue, I got to go to college. But we don't have any money, and... I need a football scholarship. But the only way I'm gonna get one is if we start winning. 
 Will : I'm not a football coach. 
 Finn : ...Remember when we were working on that Acafella stuff... and you helped me and Puck with the dancing? 
 Will : Yeah. 
 Finn : You loosened us up. That's the football team's problem. I figured it out watching Kurt kick those field goals. Here. Check this out. 
 Finn giving a biography of an American football player. 
 Finn : I got this at the school library. Did you know you can just borrow books from there? All of 'em. Except for the encyclopedias, but... It says in here that Walter Payton was a great dancer. In college, he won dance competitions on Soul Train. And he took ballet lessons. And he even got the whole Bears team to take them... the year they won the Super Bowl. That's how they came up with the Super Bowl Shuffle. 
 Will : Let me just get this straight. You want me to teach the football team how to dance? Uh, (Wispering) I don't think Ken will go for that. 
 Finn : We'll talk him into it. Look, you said you needed guys for Glee Club, right? If you can help us win one game, they'll start to trust you. Then I'm sure some of them will wanna join..... (Shrugging his shoulders) It's a win-win for both of us. 
 Wil reflective, looking around him. 
 Will : ....Eat up. 
 APARTMENT WILL - BATHROOM - EVENING 
 Will and Terri brushing teeth. 
 Terri : How far along is she? 
 Will : A few weeks. It breaks my heart. They're both so scared to death, Ter. They're just kids. They can't raise a baby. Here this poor girl is so ashamed... she feels like she can't tell anybody. I mean, can you imagine? Having to hide something like that. All that effort covering that up. 
 Terri is very uncomfortable. 
 Terri : What did you say her name was? Quinn? 
 Will : Quinn Fabray. 
 Terri : Oh. 
 Will : Oh, and here's the kicker. She's president of the Celibacy Club. 
 Will goes leaving Terri, smiling in front of his mirror. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - LOCKER THE BOYS - MORNING 
 All players meeting with coach and Will. 
 Puck : This is garbage. What the hell does Beyoncé have to do with football? 
 Finn : Why don't you ask Kurt? He seems to be the only one who can score on this team. Even in practice. 
 Puck : So we're taking coaching advice from Lance Bass now? 
 All the guys make fun of Kurt. 
 Will : Guys. Guys. Athletes are performers just like singers and dancers. And think about it. Jim Brown. Dick Butkus. 
 Finn : O.J. 
 Will : O.J. Right. All pretty tough guys. All of them had big careers as performers. Now, I don't think you guys are losing because you don't have the talent. You're losing because you don't have the right attitude. 
 Puck : Oh, I get it. We have to think more like Amazonian black women. 
 Will : Think about it. If you can sing and dance in front of people, everything else is easy. 
 Puck : Coach. Please. Step in here. 
 Ken : I'm down with it. I mean, heck, what do we got to lose? We gave up our pride when we lost to that school for the deaf. 
 Kurt raising his finger. 
 Kurt : That's true. Sun Tzu says in his «　Art of War　» to never let the enemy know you. Our greatest weapon could be the element of surprise. Don't tell me that you wouldn't be on your heels... if the other team started busting a move on the field. 
 Ken whistling in the ears of players. 
 Ken : Okay, too much talking, not enough stretching. In the choir room in full pads in five. 
 The players are bad moods. 
 Ken : That's five minutes. Let's go. 
 
 
 
 HIGH SCHOOL - ROOM REPEAT - MORNING 
 Moments later, Will being repeat players. 
 Will : A..five, six, seven, eight. Step, ball change, up. 
 Will seeing their disappointments, whistles to stop them. 
 Will : That's good, guys. Your hips are still a little tight, okay? It's just like you're playing football. It's all about the lateral movement. Just stay low and... 
 Kurt speaker. 
 Kurt : May I? 
 Will : Watch Kurt. 
 Kurt settling while Will will sit. 
 Kurt : All right, boys. Five, six, seven. Hand, hand. Point to the finger. Hip, head. Oh! Sneak attack. Back to the ring. Comb through the hair. Slap the butt. 
 Ken, annoyed, whistles. 
 Ken : Okay, that's enough for today, gentlemen. We'll... work on it. Just hit the showers. 
 Player : Bye, Coach. 
 All players go except Kurt approaching Ken. 
 Kurt : Um, Coach, I don't mean to interject... but I think we should end with a show circle. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDORS - MORNING 
 Finn leaves the rehearsal room followed by Puck. 
 Puck : What's your problem? 
 Finn : Nothing. I just got a lot on my mind. 
 Puck : Seriously, dude, what's going on? I'm your best friend. Talk. 
 Puck stoping Finn. 
 Finn : It's personal. 
 Puck : I knew it. You're in love with Kurt. 
 Finn : Quinn's pregnant. She's keeping the baby. 
 Finn goes Puck leaving stunned. 
Some time later, Quinn enters the corridors and gets arrested by Puck. 
 Puck : What's up, MILF? 
 Quinn : Leave me alone. 
 Quinn goes but follows Puck. 
 Puck : Who's the daddy?...I just think it's kind of weird if it's Finn... since you told me you were a virgin when we did it. And I know for a fact that you didn't do it with him. 
 Quinn : How can you be so sure? 
 Puck : Zzz...Finn's my boy. He would've told me. 
 Quinn : You make a habit of sleeping with your boy's girlfriends? 
 Quinn goes but cries Puck. 
 Puck : Well, call the Vatican. We got ourselves another Immaculate Conception. 
 Quinn tries to silence him and stuck in a corner. 
 Puck : I'd take care of it, you know. You too. My dad's a deadbeat, but I don't roll that way. 
 Quinn : Weren't you fired for peeing in the fast-food fryolator? 
 Puck : Mm...(Wispering) I've got my pool-cleaning business. 
 Quinn : We live in Ohio. I had s*x with you because you got me drunk on wine coolers... and I felt fat that day. But it was a mistake. You're a Lima loser, and you're always gonna be a Lima loser. 
 Quinn runs away in tears. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING - AFTERNOON 
 Quinn, not crying, running towards his car. Then she climbs up and suddenly found Terri seated at her side. 
 Terri : How many weeks are you? 
 Quin : But.... 
 Terri : From the looks of you, I'd say no more than five or six. I assume you haven't told your parents yet. I mean, how could you? After Daddy bought you this car so you could drive him to the Chastity Ball. 
 Quinn : What? 
 Terri : You can't raise this baby, Quinn. 
 Quinn : I'm sorry, but who are you? 
 Terri : I'm just somebody who wants to help. 
 Quinn : I don't need your help. Get the hell out of my car! 
 Terri : Really? What kind of prenatal vitamins are you taking? 
 Quinn, speechless, didn't respond. 
 Terri : Yeah. 
 Terri rummaging through his bag behind him a box. 
 Terri : Here. Three times a day, or your baby will be ugly. 
 Quinn : Euh! I don't understand. (Taking the box) What do you want from me? 
 Terri smiled. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - FOOTBALL FIELD - NIGHT 
 Everyone applauded the arrival of the players and cheerleaders. 
 Cheerleaders : W-M-H-S! 
 In the stands, Emma cleans a place when Will appears beside her. 
 Will : Anyone sitting here? 
 Emma : Um, no. No, here. 
 Cheerleaders : W-M-H-S! 
 Will : (Sitting) Well, at least I know it's clean. 
 Emma : Yeah. 
 Will laughing at Emma's smile. Everybody gets up for the National Anthem. 
 LOCKER 
 Ken, meanwhile, alone, chooses his whistle. Then, satisfied, he gets up and leaves the locker room. 
 FOOTBALL FIELD 
 The audience always listens to the anthem. As players get together. 
 Finn : Well, I think we, uh, really came together this week as a team. 
 Puck : Yeah, a gay team. 
 Kurt no longer smiling before the remark. 
 Puck : A big gay team of dancing gays. 
 Player : Seriously, Finn, it was fun in practice and all...but we can't do that out here in front of everybody. It'll make us even more of a joke. 
 Finn sad, do not respond and goes on the field followed by the other players. 
 Finn : Divert right, 87 on one. Break! 
 Players : Break! 
 The referee blows the whistle, players move into position. 
 Player adverse : Yo, Q. B! Your mama's so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs! Give me some ketchup! 
 Finn : Down, set, hike! 
 The game starts and the team is rolling McKingley. 
 Finn : Punch and Judy on one. Break! 
 Throughout the match, the team is lead McKingley. 
 Arbitrator : Come on! Come on! 
 Meanwhile, Kurt's father into the stands in front of Kurt, happy. 
 Kurt : Dad! Dad! (Jumping on the spot) I told you! I told you! 
 As the match continues. 
 Finn : Jordan versus Bird on one! Hut! 
 Ken : Run! 
 But the player falls. 
 Emma : Aw! 
 Emma is disappointed when Ken is furious. 
 Finn : Cupid tips on one. Break! 
 Players are taking place while Finn thinks watching people who love him. 
 Finn : Time-out! 
 The referee whistles. 
The players gather while Finn is for Puck in a corner. 
 Finn : Dude, we got to do it. 
 Puck : We will be jokes for the rest of our high school lives. 
 Finn : (Furious) We're already jokes. I don't wanna be a Lima loser for the rest of my life. 
 Puck thinks, when an opposing player approaches them. 
 Player adverse : Yo, left tackle, your mama's so fat... her cereal bowl comes with its own lifeguard, like Baywatch! 
 Puck : Hey, ankle grabber, I had s*x with your mother. No, seriously. I cleaned your pool. And then I had s*x with her in your bed. Nice Star Wars sheets. 
 The other player is caught, it doesn't replicate. 
 Puck : Let's do it, captain. 
 Finn approves. 
 Finn : Come on. Huddle up. 
 All players are around him. 
 Finn : Huddle up. Okay, "Ring On It" on three. 
 The players are surprised. 
 Players : Yeah. All right? 
 Finn : Come on. On three. One, two, three, break! 
 Players congregate. 
 Finn : Break! Hut one, two! Three! Let's hit it! 
 A player on the bench put the music. Then, early music, players McKingley starts dancing in front of stunned everyone. 
 Finn : Hike! 
 Suddenly, a player rushes in front of other shocked when Finn makes a pass and the player receives and scores a goal in front of all the public enthusiasm. Ken is happy while Will jumps into the arms of Emma. 
 Ken : (To Kurt) You're up, kid. You make this, and we win. You make this, and you die a legend. 
 Kurt : Can I pee first? 
 Ken hands him his helmet. Kurt goes to the field and prepared. His father was away with his eyes fixed on him. 
 Mr Hummel : He's so little. 
 Kurt request music. Under the music, he starts dancing. Then Kurt brand and pulls. 
 Kurt : Center, hike! 
 Mr Hummel : Yes!...Yes! Yes! 
 Everyone is jumping for joy. The players, euphoric, the raise. 
 Mr Hummel : That is my boy! 
 Puck, meanwhile, sets Quinn embracing Finn. 
 KURT'S HOUSE - BATHROOM - EVENING 
 Kurt gets hairspray and a facial when his father joined him. 
 Kurt : Nighttime skin care is a big part of my post game ritual. 
 Mr Hummel : I don't know what to say about that, but, uh...I was really proud of you tonight, Kurt. I wish your mom would've been there...I mean, alive. 
 Kurt : Thanks. 
 His father went away. 
 Kurt : Dad? 
 His father turns and approaches him Kurt. 
 Kurt : I... have something that I wanna say. 
 His father walks towards him. 
 Kurt : I'm glad that you're proud of me. But I don't wanna lie anymore. Being a part of the Glee Club and football... has really showed me that I can be anything. 
 His father insists look. 
 Kurt : And what I am... is...I'm gay. 
 Mr Hummel : I know. 
 Kurt : Really? 
 Mr Hummel : I've known since you were three. All you wanted for your birthday was a pair of sensible heels. 
 Kurt tears, sighs. 
 Mr Hummel : I guess I'm not totally in love with the idea, but... if that's who you are, there's nothing I can do about it. And I love you just as much. Okay? 
 His father hit him on the shoulder and Kurt rushed into the arms. 
 Mr Hummel : Thanks for telling me, Kurt. 
 Both are separating. Then his father went to leave when he turned again to his son. 
 Mr Hummel : You're sure, right? 
 Kurt : Yeah, Dad. I'm sure. 
 Mr Hummel : Just checking. 
 His father goes away. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDORS - MORNING 
 Ringtone - Quinn, in his locker, closing it when Finn approached her. 
 Finn : Hey. 
 Finn giving him a piece of cloth. 
 Finn : Here. It's my gee-ge. This is the baby blanket my dad got me the day I was born. It was the only thing I had to remember him by. I used to cry without it. I took it everywhere with me, so it's a little dirty. But I want our baby to have it. I'm gonna do everything I can to be a good father. 
 She smiled. 
 Quinn : Thank you, Finn. 
 Quinn runs into the arms when Puck approaches them. 
 Puck : Hey, guys. How you doing? 
 Quinn is uncomfortable. 
 Puck : Lately I've been getting really sick in the morning. 
 Quinn : Must be a virus. 
 Puck : Hey, you putting on a little weight? 
 Finn is outraged at the issues of Puck. 
 Puck : ... You should watch your carbs. They're not gonna be able to hoist you to the top of that cheerleading pyramid...much longer. 
 Finn : Hey, don't talk to my girlfriend like that. 
 Puck and Finn attach a black look. 
 Puck : You know what? You're right. I was out of line. 
 Puck goes. 
 Puck : See you guys around. 
 PARALLEL BETWEEN THE NEWSPAPER AND TELEVISION SCHOOL IN THE RECOVERY ROOM / AUDITORIUM 
 On the one hand, Sue is on TV for its issuance. 
 Sue (TV) : «You know, there's a question I get asked a lot. Whether I'm accepting an honorary doctorate or performing a citizen's arrest... people ask me, "Sue, what's your secret?" Well, I'll tell you my secret, western Ohio.　» 
 For his part, Will enters the rehearsal room facing the Glee Club. 
 Will : Hey, guys, let's give a big Glee welcome to our three new members... fresh off their big win on Friday night... 
 Will accompanied Finn by three football players. 
 Will : Noah Puckerman, Matt Rutherford and Mike Chang. 
 Other greet them. 
 Will : Regionals, here we come. 
 For its part, Sue is always on TV. 
 Sue (TV) : «　Sue Sylvester's not afraid to shake things up.» 
 While everyone is to meet Will. 
 Will : Let's start today with "Tonight" from West Side Story. 
 Rachel him smiling. 
 Will : ...Tina. Show us what you got. 
 Will approached Tina, Rachel annoyed face. 
 Sue (TV) : « You know, I'm tired of hearing people complain... "I'm riddled with this disease" or "I was in that tsunami." To them I say, shake it up a bit. Get out of your box. Even if that box happens to be where you're living.　» 
 Rachel enters the auditorium and finds Sandy painting a pole. 
 Sandy : Hum! I thought you had Glee practice, my little multitasking star. 
 Rachel : I quit. I'm yours exclusively. 
 Sue's side, is still his show. 
 Sue (TV) : «　 I'll often yell at homeless people... "Hey, how's that homelessness working out for you? Give not being homeless a try, huh?"» 
 Rachel settling on stage. 
 Rachel : Maybe this time in B-flat. 
 Sue (TV) : «You know something, Ohio? It's not easy to break out of your comfort zone. People will tear you down, tell you you shouldn't have bothered in the first place. But let me tell you something. There's not much of a difference between a stadium full of cheering fans... and an angry crowd screaming abuse at you. They're both just making a lot of noise. How you take it is up to you. Convince yourself they're cheering for you. You do that, and someday, they will. And that's how Sue sees it.　» 
 Sue smiling at the camera. 
 APARTMENT WILL - NIGHT - BEDROOM 
 Will, awake, watching the show, Sue, while Terri sleeping peacefully. 
 HIGH SCHOOL - CORRIDORS - MORNING 
 Quinn, alone in front of his locker, laying others completely depressed. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 