Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Hairography - Glee 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Hairography https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=927&t=35924 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/20 08:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Hairography 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Scene 1 At The high school - In the teacher's cafeteria. Will and Sue 
 Will sits and concentrated enthusiasm of correct assignments. By the time Sue throws the magazine Splits! on the table. 
 Sue: Hi dude! Unless the fact of finding myself in the top # 1 Ten of the best coaches in Splits magazine but disconnected from reality, I think we had an agreement and you had to spin the track list for playlists Communal. 
  Will: J'croyais that you do not at all interested in the glee club? 
  Sue surprised: What are you talking about? I'm still artistic director, I think. 
  Will: Uh ... Well, I'll send that list. 
  Sue: It would be fantastic! I would be mindful to go Figgins disturbing because of it. 
  Will a deep breath 
  Sue: Please? 
  Will: What now? 
  Sue: Can you give me back my magazine? 
  Will return his magazine 
  Sue: Thank you 
  Will thought << The big problem is that we never know where they stand with Sue, but then I knew she was cooking something. >> 
 Scene 2-In High School - In the rehearsal room 
 Will students learn a choreography of the Glee Club 
  Will: Five, Six, Seven and Eight Tcha Tcha Tcha ... ... Left Right striking about these mains.Cinq, Six, Seven and Eight ... Tcha Tcha Tcha ... Left, Right, Let's go one back! We start again .... 
  Will realizes that Brittany filming the rehearsal with his laptop. 
  Will: Brittany? 
  Brittany: No, it's not that Ms. Sylvester told me to shoot. 
  Will is surprised 
  Will: Uh ... cut from the bell 
  Scene 3 - In the halls of Lycée - Sue and Will 
 Will thought << >> My suspicions were confirmed 
  Sue: So Says, you can remember the names of two schools against which it competes? 
  Will: Jane Addams and the Institute of Haverbrook hearing. 
  Sue: It is noted, you have the postcode? 
  Sue goes ringing and Will looks at the outstanding 
  She thought of Will << intends to pass our program to other schools >> 
 Scene 4 - In the Office of Will and Emma-Emma 
 Will: If our competitors know our songs and our dances, they will have all the trump cards to beat us! 
  Emma: Do not be swayed by Sue, you hear? If Mohammed can not go to the mountain, so you have to convince Muhammad to bring the mountain home. I revised and corrected the proverb, but I kept the idea I'm sure you know what I mean! 
  Will: No, j'vois nothing, nothing at all 
  Emma: You go to the Jane Addams School, you ask to see the manager.But as you will set its 
  Will looks confused 
  Will: Hmmm 
 Generic 
 Scene 5 - A School Academy Jane Addams 
  Sounds of doors opening, Will falls then gets searched by a guard 
  Will: Ok 
  The guard finished the search and makes a gesture for him to go 
  Will: Thank you 
 Scene 6 - In the office of Grace Hitchens - Aphasia-Will-Grace 
 Grace chats with a student 
  Grace: You're a nice girl Aphasia, why did you robbed a bank? 
  Aphasia: Because this is who stash money, all just Ms. Hitchens 
  Grace shakes her head: Returns current 
  Will cap and between 
  Will: Hello, Miss Hitchens.Will Schuester High School Mc'Kinley 
  Grace: Sigh Aphasia makes its portfolio to Mr. Schuester! 
  Aphasia makes the portfolio to Will then goes 
  Will surprise: Whoa, pause too much! Hmm, thank you for having me. 
  Grace: It's so rare that teachers visit us. 
 Will: Oh! He sits down Uh, the reason for my coming and say, he laughs a bit special. So I think it's best to tell you frankly. I think our co-director has provided you with our program for the competition. 
  Grace: Wait barjo you are in your school, our students are thieves and arsonists but are not cheaters. 
  Will: I did not say that! It's not that I blame you, it's Sue Sylvester. 
  Grace: You know we do not have budgets for costumes. We do not even Auditorium shall be repeated in the playground, it is in Ohio not Florida. 
  Will: I'm the first to deplore the lack of artistic sections. 
  Grace: Look, all I know is that the choir is the only discipline that prevents my daughters to reoffend. Mount shows the values, so it's not worth it to cheat just to beat to the punch your little bournemouth degenerate. And if I believe what I said, my troop surpasses yours. 
  Will: Oh yes! And that you hold that? 
  Grace: From a friend who saw you with presets. You want a coffee? 
  Will: Yes I will. 
  Grace rises 
  Will: I'm really confused, my intention was not to offend you. Let me redeem myself, you do not have to Auditorium, we will lend you ours. Yes, if we made a sort of home game? 
 Scene 7: In-School in the auditorium 
 Will: We get to go! First and foremost, I want to thank the students of the Glee Club led by Miss Jane Addams Hitchens! We are delighted to welcome you. Now I leave you ladies dazzle us. 
  Grace: Go ahead! 
 Jane Addams interpret Bootylicious 
  Will be anxious during the song. 
 Grace applauds the performance of these girls. Then the rest of the Glee Club also 
  Grace: Go! Here we go, it was really great! 
  They leave the stage and approaches Rachel Will 
  Rachel: Sir, you are not worried? 
 Will: What? Not at all, they are excellent for sure, but so do we. 
  Rachel: You worry about nothing. It's bottle their stuff, this is window dressing. It's called the Hairography! 
  Will: Sorry? 
  Rachel: From the choreography hair when they make the chopper with their hair is to distract us. They are zero in dance and vocal level they are not much better. Believe me you need to make an ulcer. 
  Rachel goes 
 Scene 8 - In High School - In the rehearsal room 
 Ringing. Will enters the class students enjoy 
  Will: I have news, advice on the night, I found the number for Communal.We will be performing the song Far Hair that has revolutionized the musical. 
  A voice deep << gonna be great! >> 
  Puck: what art you make to us, it's all moldy. 20 years of the date that thing! 
  Finn: We're having a hard time singing Hair, sir. There was no hair long enough. 
  Will: I've thought of everything in this bag there are wigs. 
  He throws the bag on the knees of Finn laughs. Rachel gets up 
  Rachel: Mr. Schuester 
  Will: Yes? 
  Rachel: What is this madness! It is fine as it is, it will divert their attention more than anything else. It is useless! 
  Will: I confess that providing girls of Jane Addams me a little unsettled. I want to put the odds on our side. It is imperative that pushes the envelope if you want to win. 
  Will turns around and laughs in seeing students with wigs. 
  Will: Well Looks Good on You! 
  Everyone laughs 
 Scene 9 - In the halls of Lycée - Puck and Quinn 
 Quinn walks around with a book on pregnancy in the corridors that Puck offered him. 
  Puck: "How to raise a baby with $ 5 a day? "I thought that perhaps it might interest you if you'd change your mind and you would decide to keep it. 
  Quinn: It's really adorable, but to tell you everything I know if I want to pass it or not. Infact I can not make a decision. 
  Puck: You call yourself the head too. Do not get pressure. 
  Quinn: That's nice. 
  Puck goes 
  Quinn thought << What is Puck in thousand thanks, thanks to him I realize that what I most need right now, outside of a wider pants is that treats me with respect . My entourage exerts so much pressure on me. It's so easy for them to be reckless, I can not afford this luxury. I'm under siege >> 
 Scene 10 - Flashback to Quinn in the car with Terri and Kendra 
 Terri: You do not drink soda I hope? Phosphoric acid causes alopecia male 
 Quinn: I expect a girl! 
 Terri: There are also bald women. 
 Kendra: You worry too much Terri. Mom smoked and slapped a whole bottle of Jaja every night during her pregnancy and we are both normal. 
  Quinn looks oddly 
  Kendra: Take your vitamins though, no hot tub. Avoid drinks with rum bases and all will go well. 
  Quinn sigh 
 Scene 11 - In the rehearsal room in high school 
 Quinn returns to these spirits, seated on a chair while thinking, while watching the other students to have fun. 
 Quinn thought << Ultimately, perhaps what my problem is not to raise my baby is brought up with Finn >> 
 We see that Finn is the andouille and Puck who smiles 
  Quinn << I thought should have let a chance to Puck. After all he is the real father. And if I spend time with him, Finn is pinball. I must find a way to occupy it, the time to do a test with Puck. Well how I do it? She looks at it Rachel? not even in dreams! Looks like a girl of five years! Whatever the makeup though ... >> 
 Scene 12 - In High School Hallway-Quinn and Kurt 
 Ringer - Quinn tries to catch Kurt in the corridors 
  Quinn: Kurt? I need your pink cells. 
  Kurt: Hi Quinn! What do I owe this honor? This is the first time you speak to me addresses everyone. 
  Quinn: That's true and I'm sorry! 'll Tell her to meet a great challenge, an extreme makeover. 
  Kurt: Wait this is not a challenge it is a breeze. This is what I advise you, pants with elastic waist, cotton tunics to bring out your forms and also short dresses. This is obvious. 
  Quinn: It's not me it is, but Rachel 
  Kurt: Hey! Why I relookerais? Like all boys his excites me a challenge, but Rachel has a knack for dressing the same time as a grandmother and a doll. 
 Quinn: I totally agree with you, I know you as much as I wish that our choir wins and she is a walking disaster. Nan saw you but what is this package!? 
  They both look to Rachel who is in his locker 
  Kurt: Monstrous! 
  Quinn: When will the judges do not you think they will want to lock him in a closet with mothballs. 
  Kurt shook his head: And to think I took you for a blonde. In the attack! 
 Scene 13 - In the room of Will and Terri 
 Terri puts his mask at night while Will sleeps 
  Terri: Good night 
  Will: Good night 
  He observes Terri sleep and want to approach her when it is frightened 
  Terri: So what are you doing? 
   Will: I want to be close to my wife, that's it! 
  Terri: You want s*x, not want to be close to me! 
  Will: Uh 
  Terri: If you had a minimum of tact, you'd wonder for example if I still have nausea. 
  Will: You're right. Sorry 
  Terri: It's forgotten. 
  Will: It will be good when our little girl will be there 
  He stroked her arm and she turns 
  Terri: Yes, it will be wonderful 
  He kisses her on the cheek 
  Will: I love you 
  Terri: Me too 
  Everyone turns on his side 
  Terri thought << I'm not going to continue to be simulated. It will end up suspecting something more to me too I miss those hugs. I wanted so that is a child. If I invented this whole story is only because our marriage was floundering. The problem is that time is against me. I must find something to occupy it. But what? >> 
 Scene 14 - In the room with Rachel - Rachel and Kurt 
 Kurt plucks eyebrows Rachel 
 Rachel: Ahaha! 
 Kurt: The rule is to never pluck above the brow but still below. You can trust me, I have years of practice. Look at mine! 
 They are seen in the mirror 
 Rachel: Ah, Kurt ... why, why you have proposed to change your look? 
 Kurt: You know me I'm an addict makeover! Without wishing to offend you I think you're cheesy and no real personality 
 Rachel is shocked 
 Kurt: I sometimes feel ashamed of being in the same room as you. And especially this one! Looks like the decoration was made by Strawberry Shortcake in Extas. You have an absolutely amazing voice. When you produce on stage, it is pure bliss. But I have some difficulty in assessing your performance as a singer, because when I see you I want you to put a hood over his head. 
 Rachel lowers her head: Okay then, how to start I have to get dressed? 
 He thought, looking up to heaven 
 Kurt: With something that would put your curves. I want all high school boys are back on your way. 
 Rachel: All, that's maybe a lot? There's only one that I would win. 
  Kurt looks at him and smiled seducer 
 Rachel: You can keep a secret? 
 Kurt with a smile: Of course! 
 Rachel: I'm in love with Finn 
 Kurt amazed: Are you serious? 
 Rachel nods her head 
 Kurt: As I understand you. Moving to the makeup 
 He gets up a little angry and Rachel returns to the mirror for makeup 
  Kurt: You're lucky, I know Finn and I can say that it is attracted to girls easy 
 He throws the brush on the dresser and Rachel makes a face 
  Rachel: What? But Quinn is not an easy girl. 
 Kurt: I'll give you a concrete example. Sandy in Grease what happens to seduce Danny Souko. She turned these floral dresses and it is clear fringuée in Catwoman.En she dared to dress up, driven. Maybe if you had grown accustomed to wear clothing, one can sexier. It is you who go out with Finn and it takes some time for reflection, not Quinn. 
 Rachel gives him a smile and he smiled back. 
 Scene 15 - In the parking lot - Will and Terri 
 Terri was blindfolded Will, and leads to his surprise 
 Will: But what you do to me there? 
 Terri: Go two more steps and you're done! 
 They advance two steps 
 Terri: Stop! 
 Will: Ok 
 She removes the tie he had on those eyes and discovers the old car in front of those eyes. He was very surprised. 
 Will: Uh! This is not the Blue Bomber I had? He shouted for joy But if! It is in this car that I had taken to the annual ball. J'nous remember in the back seat. 
 Terri: But this is not the one you had. That one, I found it used on the net. 
 Will: I have always regretted selling him, you know? 
 Terri: Yes that's why I wanted to offer it to you, I said that to help you tinker relieve the stress of your days. 
 Will Terri, you're the best! 
 She laughs and he approaches her to kiss him. Meanwhile we see Quinn and Kendra moving past the couple. 
 Terri: Honey? 
 Will: Yes? 
 Terri: Will you pick up a punnet of strawberries? 
 Will: Yes, Yes I will. Oh and I would stop at our mechanic, maybe he will pipe to give me. 
 Terri: Great idea! Take your time. 
 Scene 15 - Apartment Terri - Terri and Kendra Quinn 
 Terri and Kendra having a conversation while listening to Quinn in the middle 
 Terri panic: You're crazy, he could see her! 
 Kendra: This is something that is worth the trip. J'te swear! This little woodcock called me to tell me a story that made me the effect of a bombshell! 
 Terri surprise: Huh? In a Bomb? 
 They return together to Quinn who is without words 
 Terri: What was that? 
 A little suspense 
 Quinn: I want to keep my baby 
 Terri is shocked speechless to this new fixed and her sister 
 Scene 16 - In the Rumba Office Dalton, director of the school Haverbrook 
  Ringing - Will is sitting in the office of Mr Rumba 
 Will: I never intended to make discrimination against your Glee Club, Mr. Rumba. Uh, if I hosted the Jane Addams School to come and perform here, it is only because we have better facilities for working the show. 
 Dalton: And you think we are repeated in "Book Guibolle" I remind you that I lead the glee club at a school for deaf. It does not reach the room we did not even instruments the phone starts to ring, he does not hear. My students are hearing is true the fact remains that they have a song in the heart and that nobody would want to understand. 
  The phone always rings 
 Will: You are right 
 Dalton: Tell me, why they would not sing their? Child, I had scarlet fever and I became deaf in one ear. I experienced the joy of being able to hear while my poor students have never been so lucky! 
 Will pointing: Phone! 
 Dalton: Still they carry within them the passion for singing, 
   Will can not stand the phone ringing 
  Dalton he gets mad: Imagine their disappointment when they learned that you had moved to invite the choir loubardes. This is really unfair! Yes!Unfair! 
 Will: Your phone 
 Dalton: Sorry? 
 Will going up the tone: Your phone rings 
 Dalton: Impossible, it's on vibrate! 
 Will: Uh ... 
 Dalton cuts him off: I ask you only to have the intelligence to organize another friendly confrontation and this time be kind to invite us. 
 Will shook his head: His will be delighted! 
 Dalton in cutting him: What do you say? 
 Will yelling, I told her is with great pleasure 
 Dalton cut the floor again: In it's annoying. I had scarlet fever, I already wanted to divide this ear, the other is lost. 
 Will any articulating shouting: Sorry, you are invited. Monday's with you? 
 Dalton: Nan is that Monday or never 
 Will articulated and gestures: Okay, okay that Monday. I'm anxious to see your students make their numbers. 
 Dalton: Yes, that's more making fun of me. Mimicking sign language. 
 Will: No, no it was not my intention. Sorry if I offended 
 Dalton: Wait, I'll see her with my secretary, he released his laptop while Heck, four missed calls 
 Will shakes his head 
 Dalton: What's the matter? 
 Will: Nothing, nothing I said nothing 
 Dalton: Yes, please, black with two sugars. 
 He calls someone 
  Dalton: Hello? 
 Will is appalled and a voice was heard to say hello? 
 Dalton: Hello? 
 Scene 17 - In the living room of Terri-Terri and Kendra 
 Terri whines and paces around the living room while Kendra has a drink on the couch 
 Terri: All this can not go, he'll have to tell him the truth. 
 Will that mean between home 
 Will: Terri? 
 Terri: Yes darling? 
 Will enters the living room: Oh Hello Kendra. 
 Kendra: Hi, handsome. You know you've dressed as a sexy mechanic. 
 Will a smile: Oh, I have fun like a little crazy. I like it, worked with my hands. I do every scrap, as in the song of Springsteen. 
 He should laugh and smile Terri him address 
 Will: I'll get the old rags in the kitchen for me to remove anything dirty. 
 He entered the kitchen and Terri turns to his sister with a groan 
 Kendra: You referred to a spot on this car by offering him. I would do exactly the same thing for my Trickster but I'm afraid it's too fun to do. 
 Terri: Its not dureras a time and then what I will tell him when I got out of the hospital without my baby. 
 Kendra: You're like a tight thong! 
 Terri sits on the couch, anxious 
 Kendra: Calm down and will get better! Let me do all I expected, you have absolutely nothing to worry about. 
 Terri: Oh yeah? 
 Kendra: Miss Blondie must deliver during the Easter holidays. 
 Terri: Yes 
 Kendra: You and me will be a small cure of Prenatal Spa in Cincinnati will be told that we share our cherished one week getaway, but in reality we squattera the office of Doctor Hummus with Quinn. Until that dirt Ponde his brat. 
 Terri reassured: It's a brilliant plan! Except that Quinn no longer wants to give us her child. 
 Kendra: But of course she'll give it, silly. We have to make him understand his mistake if she keep it. 
 Terri: And how is it? 
 Kendra: She needs money, I'll offer to baby-sit. Five minutes with my monsters and it will be ligated tubes. 
 Terri Kendra looks with great relief 
  Terri: You're too strong! 
 Kendra: You've inherited the beauty and I inherited the beauty and intelligence. 
 Scene 18 - Corridors of High School - Rachel Finn, Quinn and Puck 
 Soft music - Rachel, revamped, into the hallway with a very sensual approach. But she sees Finn continued his way. 
  Finn: Hi, Rachel! 
  Rachel turns around with a smile: Ah Finn! She runs her fingers through his hair Hi I had not seen you! She walks toward him. You wanted to ask me something? 
  He looks at length remaining speechless bite 
  Finn: Yes! I had something to tell you but I forgot. You're so different! 
  Rachel: But I have done nothing special. It would tell you to go home Friday night? As I have beautiful long hair since childhood because of my being I can help advise you on how to move. 
  Finn: Yes, you're right. Will be great! 
  Rachel: Fantastic! Es that would go 20 hours his? 
  Finn: 20 hours is perfect! He repeats the lowest it's perfect! 
  Rachel turns around with a big smile and walk proudly. Kurt approaches her 
  Kurt: Target met, the beginning of phase two! 
  They walk away while smiling. Finn is a little lost after seeing Rachel. 
  Finn: Hey Quinn! 
  She smiles 
  Finn: I wanted to ask you if you would grant me permission to hesitate abandonneril you Friday night! 
  Quinn interrupted him: No problem! I'm babysitting Friday. 
 Finn surprised: Oh Oh that's cool. I gotta go. 
  Quinn: A while ago! 
  He puts his hand on his shoulder then goes away. Quinn laughs, she continues to walk the corridors 
  Quinn: Hey, she runs to Puck what are you doing Friday night? 
  Puck: As usual! I'll hang outside a shop looking depressed until someone offers me a drink. Why? 
  Quinn: I'm babysitting, you come with me? 
  He thought then smiled, the bell rings 
 At stage 19-School-room rehearsals 
 Will: Some of you, boys in particular are struggling with the choreography capillary. One of your comrade who masters this art will give you a demonstration. Brittany! You can go. 
  Brittany is in front of all his comrades, Will claps. 
 Brittany: I do not make my point? 
 Will: I mean, show us. 
 Brittany: Oh! 
 Will: It's yours. 
 Brittany: Well, I'll give you a tip. Imagine that you put your fingers into an electrical outlet. Kurt fondles her wig. He'll just shake his head as if you had convulsions. It detaches the hair and make his argument. Meanwhile all the students look curiously 
  Will: That's it! 
  They laugh cries of astonishment, Finn has hair of his wig in his mouth. 
 Brittany: Must be the zombie epileptic 
 In all lines, as they try to demonstrate 
 Will: Go ahead! Let's see how you're doing. 
 Brittany: It's her! 
 Will: That's good! Let yourself go! Do as you feel! This is perfect! 
  Will face seeing them, then Sue is spying goes when Will realizes his presence. He follows 
 A student: Have my neck! 
 Scene 20 - In the corridors, Will and Sue 
 Sue pretended to drink from the fountain when Will comes out of his class. 
  Will: How far will you count me say? 
  Sue: I do not know what you mean! 
  Will: Do not tell me a story! I know you're spying on me! You've got to stop now. You do everything to sabotage the Glee Club. 
 Sue: It is a shameful accusation! 
  Students of the Glee Club stop their test and return. 
  Sue: Charges that you also sent to our friends Haverbrook and Jane Addams. Moreover, it is a outrageous violation of my righteousness copy. 
  Students observe the scene 
  Sue: That said, you're right I've actually watched because I do not like your methods! You know why I force my daughters to comb my hair back?With a horse-tail! Because I do not want anything to distract the audience with their talent! 
  Will listen carefully to Sue 
  Sue: While you, you would have more a contrary approach. What I would suggest that you have a question, raising his voice on the capabilities of your students. 
  Will: I believe in articulating their ability! 
  Sue: Maybe at first, but not anymore! You know the competition is too strong and you're about to fail it up yet the tone miserably in your role as director. I want the list of songs updated for 17 hours tomorrow. If I find a song that requires that the boys wiggle tarlouzes as she nods her hand I'll blow! 
  Will in approaching her: I will not let you imposed on me my choice of numbers, you hear me? As for the list, there is no question that I give it to you. 
  Sue: In this case I become co-director. She smiles and then goes away quickly 
  Will enters the classroom, students gathered and stare 
  Will: Come on, he pauses it takes everything from the beginning. 
 Scene 21 - In the room of Finn and Rachel-Rachel 
 Finn is installed on the bed of Rachel, he expects 
  Rachel: I'm coming! 
  She is about to be put gloss 
 Finn: It's nice to help me with the choreography hair! He smiled stupidly 
  Rachel spirit to put mascara: It's normal! Saw you this is a matter heating.Are you thought that she starts to blush of a song that you can train? 
  Finn is nervous wait 
  Rachel: What would you say the song Grease.Tu know the song we sang when you coming. 
  Finn: Yes, yes great idea. It will make a revision, that day I was super nervous and noise so that the heel of the bathroom and Rachel leans against the door frame. Finn was very surprised 
 Rachel: Sell me your salads, man! 
  He looks at her without saying a word, she approaches the radio and put the song You Are The One That I Want 
  He pulls up his sleeves and begins to sing, meanwhile Rachel makes alluring poses. She takes her hand and starts dancing in front of him, but he is very embarrassed. 
  Finn: Oh, switch off the music, stop! 
  It runs right and turn off the music 
  Rachel: what art that? 
  Finn: I prefer to be honest with you. There is something wrong and I was not comfortable with. How could I tell you this, you look like a chick break time but it's too vulgar! 
  Rachel is outraged: Pardon? 
 Finn: And what's that look? She looks at herself. It's not like you. Finally I do not want to tell stories, it's true the other day I was amazed that you make so adult and all that. But this is not the Rachel I know! It's sad. Infact I like the way you clothes. I love it when you put your leg dance with golden son! 
  Rachel smiled slightly: I thought you preferred the sexiest outfits! 
  Finn: No, at all. It's funny, last week I had the same conversation with 
  Kurt. He asked me ... 
  Corridors-High School Flashback - Kurt and Finn 
  Kurt: What's your kind of girl? 
  Finn: Oh! Uh, I like girls natural girls not too made up and who do not wear skinny stuff. You know what I mean! 
  Kurt with a big smile: Absolutely! 
  Back in Rachel's room 
 Rachel shakes her head: I'm an idiot! 
  Finn: No, must not say that. It's my fault. I would not have accepted your invitation. 
  Rachel looks embarrassed 
  Finn: And I love you very much, I assure you. 
 She looks away 
  Finn: I gotta go there! 
  He leaves and Rachel is standing idly 
 Scene 22 - In the living room of Will and Terri - Quinn and Puck 
 Children are at Kendra's apartment screaming and throwing the sofa cushions. Meanwhile Quinn and Puck are tied together sitting on a chair. 
  Quinn: I told you we should have been cowboys. 
  Puck: Bad pick! 
 
 
 
  Quinn: Well now what art we do? 
  Puck wrote a message and send the kids cakes in Figure 
  Quinn trying to loose this: Who sent you messages? 
  Puck: A Mike Chang, he has problems with his wig 
  Quinn: Forget the phone, okay? And help me to detach 
  She tries to come off when the hand of Puck grabs his, instead of the rope. They are both a little surprised. They got to come off. 
  Quinn: That's enough, do not overthrow the table. 
  A child reverses the table 
  Quinn, addressing Puck: Move! Do something! 
  They try to calm the children and their hands off the cushions 
  Puck: I brought my guitar, if they were singing a lullaby? 
 Quinn to a child: Give me that! 
  The child: You got no right! 
 Quinn: Children listen to me, Puck pat on the head of the little. It tells you to see a live clip? 
  The child: Yes 
  Quinn: Okay 
  Puck on guitar and sings Papa do not Preach Quinn and children listen quietly sitting on the couch 
  Children: Still 
  Quinn looks Puck and they smile 
 Scene 23 - Flat Will - Terri, Kendra, Puck and Quinn 
 Terri, Kendra, Puck and Quinn observe children asleep in the lit.Kendra and Terri are amazed 
  Kendra: I can not believe it, I think this is the first time I see them sleeping all three simultaneously. Someone put perfume? 
  Quinn: It's the soap. 
  The two sisters returned together to Quinn and Puck 
  Terri: You gave their bath? 
  Quinn complacent: Mmm 
  Kendra: You would not be a little exorcist? 
  Quinn smiled 
 Scene 24 - In the kitchen of Will - Phil, Will Puck and Quinn 
 Sound of a can opener that Phil is sitting in the kitchen with Will 
  Will: It looks like a racing car eh? I need to change the clutch and dampers but would really like new. 
  Phil: What you will do that when the child will be there? You can not put car seat in that car. There is no thought Will attach system. 
   He still thought the words of Phil is meant in part to rate Puck and Quinn discussing 
  Puck: You've been great with these kids! 
  Quinn: I was the first surprise, you know. I loved it. You at first, I've not felt in the game and then that's settled. What was that all these text messages? 
  Puck: Oh it was nothing, I was in on it 100%. I loved taking care of these children. Anyway I've proved one thing tonight. 
  She listens carefully 
  Puck: I had a stepfather. I can do! 
  She smiled, shaking his head 
 Scene 25 - Corridors of School-Kurt and Rachel 
 Kurt is at his locker when someone closes the door violently 
 Rachel: You're damn good to me. 
  He watches without understanding 
  Rachel: For Finn 
  Kurt: Looks like the Queen's flamboyant melodrama is back 
  Rachel: How could you do this to me? What I thought were friends? 
  Kurt: Oh, and what an honor? 
  She looks puzzled 
  Kurt: You should thank me, through me, you know you can never marry Finn, live happily and have many children. 
  Rachel: You're in love with him. 
  He looks at her without a word 
  Rachel: What an idiot, I should have to account sooner. You want me out of the competition. 
  Kurt: I made him understand that carefully you'll never be an interesting plan B. 
  With that, he returned on his heel and goes but Rachel runs after him 
  Rachel: Are you sure? You really think I have no chance? 
  He stops to answer her 
  Kurt: You're at the bottom of plotons 
  Rachel: It's you who live in a fairy tale. Even if I would be the last on his list, I would be forever before you because I am a girl. 
  He is upset and nods 
  Kurt: I have bad news for you princess. It has no chance, neither you nor me. He loves Quinn. They will have a child together, there is nothing as buddies for him nothing else. The quicker we will get in his head, will be better. 
  He continued his way and Rachel looks at party while thinking about these 
 Scene 26 - Corridors of Santana High School, and Quinn 
 Quinn is at his locker and someone shut the door violently 
 Santana: Hey, I'll see you prowling around my guy. 
  Quinn looks puzzled 
 Santana: Is that clear? 
  She moves on in the corridors when Quinn replied 
 Quinn, laughing: Who is your man? 
  Santana turns furious 
 Santana: Play not with me bitches! And then puts you to the page. Ask a guy to keep the kids with you, it's super cheesy. 
 Quinn: You believe what you want, but Puck is interested in me. 
 Santana with a sigh: You talk, while you were the babysitter, Puck sent me sexting. 
 Quinn: The sexting? 
 Santana: It is sent by SMS s*x tips. You disembark from which planet?While you roucouliez, Puck and I are broke and say stuff pigs. All you have to check on his laptop, looking at these posts. It clears my sexting ever. 
  Proud of her, runs off Santana and Quinn is overwhelmed by events. 
 Scene 27 - In High School-In the rehearsal hall 
 Students of the Glee Club and they clothed their wigs are back facing students Haverbrook 
  Will: Thank you for coming, we are very honored by your presence 
  Dalton translated phrases with Will sign language to her students 
  Will: Without further ado, I present to you the New Directions! 
  Will puts music Hair / Crazy Right Now 
   Students begin their Hairographie during dance Haverbrook of deaf students communicate with each other. 
  A student: They look crazy completions 
  A student with a grimace: Completely! 
  Will looks nervous and then when the song ends the students applauded by some grimaces. Rachel is close to Mr Schuester. 
  Rachel: It was missed, are not? 
  Will: No, no it was a repetition it will get better, but there is something for sure! 
  Rachel breathless nods to say yes, then she joined the others. Will not some of this repetition 
 They swap roles, the students are placed before the Haverbrook Glee Club. 
  Dalton began playing the piano, students are very attentive 
  Imagine they interpret their ways with signs, New directions are very moved by this provision, Mercedes starts to sing with them and then quickly followed by Arty and the rest of the Glee Club. 
  Will upset applauded as the deaf. 
 Scene 28 In the corridors of the school-Puck and Quinn 
 Quinn quickly walk in the hallway and advance in the direction of Puck to grab her laptop. 
  Puck: I can know what are you doing? 
  She continues to check his laptop with fury 
  Puck: Uh no, no I you I would not touch it 
  She looks in the sent messages and read them aloud 
  Quinn: How did you panties? I do not wear 
  She shows him the phone 
  Quinn: You lied to me! 
  Puck: Oh, excuse me! I tried to resist Santana, I swear. I am handsome and there are so many girls, they make me crazy. But then I run, I swear! 
  Quinn: You mean you do Gères nothing. I thought you wanted to come with me? 
  Puck: Yes it's true! J'te gets off serious, but since I've screwed up blister.You have been pleased that I wanted to touch you. Should not you forget I'm a guy. I have needs! 
  Quinn: So you want me to raise our child with you but if I do not meet these criteria every day. Get very hot conversations, SMS with the first girl coming? 
  Puck: No! Girls with guns! 
  She looks at him with disgust and sighs 
  Puck: I'd be listening a good father, but you can not stop me from being myself. 
 Scene 29 - In the apartment of Will and Terri - Quinn, Terri and Will 
  Terri Quinn and assissent on the couch 
 Quinn: I agree to the adoption 
 Terri: Are you serious? 
  Quinn sadly: My daughter will need a real father. Which mean I have to entrust there is no alternative. Say you believe that Mr Schuester will be a good father? 
  Terri: Yes, I'm sure there will be a great dad! 
  Will walks past the room and saw Quinn in the room with Terri. This is very surprised when he approaches. 
  Terri: Will? 
  Will: Hi! 
  Terri: You should not go in the junkyard? 
  Will: If he hesitates but I've changed my mind, I decided to go. Uh, what Quinn are you doing here? 
  Terri: We were talking, we told our stories of pregnancies. She gives him a smile 
  Will: Ah! It's great! He laughs 
 When you have time I will have something to show you in the parking lot. 
  He wants to leave but Quinn rises 
  Quinn: Anyway I was going me going! Goodbye. 
  She goes over to Will, Terri is surprised about what she will say. 
  Will: Yes? 
  She serves in these arms 
 Quinn: Goodbye Mr Schuester 
  Quinn takes his jacket and leaves the apartment looks Will Terri 
  Terri smiled You know I hate surprises! 
 Scene 30 - In the parking lot - Will and Terri 
 Will blindfolded Terri to take him to see the surprise in the parking lot. 
 He is very happy with his surprise and Terri, she is very surprised to see the minivan. 
  Terri: Where is your past Blue Bomber? 
 Will: I sold it to a kid. I even made a profit, he looked pleased. Anyway, it made me a contribution for the first milking of our ideal family. 
  Terri is in love 
  Will in approaching her: Oh, Terry! I love you, you and our little girl and nothing will divert my attention from both of you. 
  She replied with a smile 
 Scene 31 - Corridors of High School - Finn and Quinn 
 Bell-Quinn is leaning against the lockers waiting in front of toilets for men.Finn leaves the toilet and she approaches him 
  Finn: Hi! 
  Quinn sighs: Hi 
  Finn is embarrassed 
 Quinn: Are we may make peace? 
 Finn: I have to confess something, because from now we must do more to cachoteries 
 Quinn: You know you can tell me anything. 
 Finn with a little smile: Cool! I reassure you right now it's nothing serious.I've not mistaken, it's not that, but Friday when you kept the children, I have hidden that I went to Rachel 
 Quinn: Oh! 
 Finn: But there is no past, I ... I wanted to go elsewhere because of our shouting matches. She had to pick up the signal, because she was dressed as Catwoman. While there, I realized that I could really go wrong.His will was silly. I only wanna be with you. 
 Quinn: You turn the page. I appreciate your honesty. 
 Finn relieved: I love you Quinn 
 She looks at him, then they hug 
 Quinn: Me too, I love you 
 They begin to walk the tight against each other in the hallway, 
 Finn: We will play more? 
 Quinn: Promised 
  Rachel misses them and stops to watch them, like Kurt, who also leaves the hallway and look at the two lovebirds out. Kurt turns to see Rachel, which makes it a little wave of the hand, he does the same then continued his way. 
 Scene 32 - Office of Sue - Sue and Will 
 Will knock at the door and then between 
  Will: Sue, you got a minute? 
 Sue asks her magazine and those glasses on his desk 
  Sue: Of course! 
 Will: I owe you an apology. It's true, I wanted the students to do more stuff déglinguant and I had all wrong. It's not their style! Thank you for opening my eyes. 
 Sue nodded very satisfied 
 Will: And that list. 
 He hands her a sheet, she puts these glasses to be able to read 
 Sue: Wow, you made excellent choices William! Proud Mary, I see that has made significant reductions. 
 Will: Yes, money! 
 He laughs 
 Sue: Do not make fun. 
 Will: Sorry 
 Sue: This title is brand new? 
 Will: Yes I have added just now. I want them to forget all these stupid stories of hair choreography. 
 At stage 33-School-room rehearsals 
  Will the list in hand stands before his students. 
 Will: Young people, it starts from scratch. Pull up a stool! 
 It distributes the leaves 
 Arty: We'll dance with? 
 WILL: No, not even juggle. No subterfuge or falsely original staging. We'll sit on it and sing. 
 Rachel is happy with the choice of song 
 Rachel: Thank you, Mr. Schuester 
 Will pleased him a little wave of the hand 
 Scene 34 - Office of Sue-Dalton, Grace and Sue 
 Sue distributed the list of songs from the Glee Club to competitors; and Grace Dalton. 
 Sue: Here is their song list for the elections. 
 Do not Stop beliving here, pointing Proud Mary sang in wheelchairs and what would be interesting is that you appropriate his songs and that you répartissiez. I listed my play for my relationships that occur in McKinley dernier.Comme it, everyone will believe that you have copied and they will be disqualified. 
  Dalton was surprised about the Sue 
 Grace: But you take us for who? 
 Sue: It's a great question because I do not even know how you call 
 Grace stunned: Listen, I spend most of my time teaching my students that this is not cheating and lying, we can succeed in life. And that's what you advise me to do, to help them win a singing contest. 
 Sue: Basically yes, that's it! Otherwise, it will be like if you would deprive of a remedial session. Young people arrive Mc'Kinley always bounce back. While your daughters do not have much outside the Glee Club. And a defeat would miss much demoralized to the point of resigning completely. You know how many deaf choirs competition? 
  Dalton, crying, I'll have to ask you to speak up, because I know nothing!I'm deaf in one ear, I had scarlet fever. 
  Sue: In this case, read my lips. Concentrate on showing those lips. Never let anything or anyone turn away from victory. Ever. 
 Scene 35 - The Auditorium 
  Sitting on a stool students interpret True Colors, in joy and good humor. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 