Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Episode 03 - Apple Tree Yard 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Episode 03 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=816&t=30877 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/05/17 00:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Episode 03 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 "Dear X, you saw me. I really think you did. And I saw you." 
 Come on, George, don't be silly... Get off me! 
 Who was he? 
 George Selway. He was at the party. 
 He works at the university. 
 Do you want me to get some people to take a statement? 
 I can't make a statement, you know I can't. 
 What about your husband? Are you going to tell him? 
 You haven't been right for weeks. 
 Is this my fault? 
 Rosa came with me to the conference. 
 So you are sleeping with her? 
 It's George Selway. He won't leave me alone. 
 Wait, hang on, are you saying he's stalking you now? 
 He's been texting me. A few weeks ago he sent me flowers! 
 He just turned up in the shop near my house. He knows about us. I know you're not allowed to talk about what you do. Can't you warn him off for me? What are you going to say to him? [SHE GASPS] You were in there for ages. What happened? Drive. Now, now! Just go! Go, go, go! What is it? Just go! Go, go, go! What's wrong? What happened? What did he say? No, listen. Everything's under control. Just... If it comes to it. IF it comes to it, just stick to the same story as with Kevin, right? We met through work. Erm, you... We talked about my niece, and you asked my advice, erm... because of my contacts in security. That's it. End of story. I'll say exactly the same thing. Do we need to call the police? No, just... Trust me, Yvonne. Trust me. [HE PANTS] So we, erm... We'd better not be in touch for a while. Er... just in case, give me your phone... Give it to me. Everything's going to be OK. Right, just stick to the story. OK. Yeah. All right? It'll be fine. I'll see you in Apple Tree Yard. Mark! I'm... erm... going out for a bit. Right. Are we still on for tonight? Sathnam's birthday. Von, are you all right? Oh, God, yeah... I'm sorry.I 'm sorry. Um... hormone brain. Yes, I've booked a table. "All you can eat." Great. Remind me what we've got him again. That speaker he wanted. It's the same one we've got in the kitchen. Oh, yes, yes. Excellent... Excellent. You should know this... thing with Rosa. Whatever it is, it's not serious. Right. Are you sure she feels the same way? She knows how I feel about you, I've made it very clear... Right. I'm sorry, Von. I really am. We've been through worse, hm? With Adam. Get a room, you two! Hey! Hey, how you doing? Happy birthday. Hey, you! I didn't know you were coming! I'm stealing the limelight from Sathnam. Good to see you. You, too. He is much too popular in this family for my liking! Last time you were kipping on our sofa. Yvonne Carmichael? Yes. I'm DI Cleveland, West Thames Murder Investigation Unit. This is my colleague, DS Brown. I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of George Selway. Murder? Hang on, hang on, there must be something wrong here... All right, all right. It's just a mistake. Grab your bag, grab your stuff, grab your stuff. Get your coat. Come on. Tell us what you did this morning, Yvonne. Erm, I took some clothes to the recycling depot. Alone? Yes. Then what? Um... Then I went for a drive. You just fancied a drive? That's right. Af... after I'd done the recycling. Where? Just around. I... I don't remember. Around? I see. Was anyone in the car with you? No. You do know we've arrested Mark Costley? Were you there when Mark Costley beat and kicked George Selway to death, Yvonne? No... No. It's very easy for us to check all this out, you know. Who was in the car with you, where you were... that's even before we've had a proper chat with Costley. God knows what he'll have to say for himself, eh? So, are you telling me that's not you... in your car? What's your relationship to Mark Costley, Yvonne? He's a friend. What kind of friend? Just a friend. I... I haven't known him very long. Well, would you describe him as a good friend? He's become quite a good friend, yes. A lover? No. I... I met him when I was working at the House of Commons. Um... He asked my advice about a niece of his, who was considering a career in science. So why was he in your car, going to George Selway's house? Since Mark worked in security, I asked him for advice. He agreed to help me out. To warn George Selway off. Why would you want him to do that? George Selway attacked me. So, you and Mark Costley were an item. You were sleeping together. No, I've told you. You were having an affair and he went nuts when he found out about you and George, isn't that right? There was no "me and George". I told you, George Selway attacked me and then he started stalking me. I went to Mark Costley because of his background in security and asked for his advice. That's not what he told us. Just stick to the story. Trust me. We weren't sleeping together. And if he'd told you we were, I think you'd be confronting me with details. Just for that moment I doubted you... Just for that split second. Forgive me, my love. Jaspreet Dhillon. Dhillon, Johnson & Waterford. You can call me Jas. I can tell you, your husband is an extremely persistent man. Gary contacted you? Yeah, and not just the once, either. Now, good news. We've started your bail application. How long's that going to take? That's the less good news. Magistrate's hearing first, probably a couple of nights in Holloway, then bail hearing proper... Holloway? It really should just be for a night or two. I'm fairly confident the bail hearing will go our way. We'll get you home if we possibly can. Oh, thank God. Sorry. Would you like some water? They keep talking about murder, but I... I wasn't even in the house. Surely forensics will tell them that. It doesn't matter, Yvonne. The prosecution will argue that you and Costley cooked up the idea to kill Selway together. That you drove the car. The getaway car, effectively. That is not what happened! I didn't even know he was dead. I swear I didn't. The worst I thought was... Mark might have knocked him about a bit. Well, we'll establish all that when your case comes to court. For the moment, let's focus on bail, yeah? I'm just about persuaded to give bail in the particular circumstances of this case, despite the seriousness of the charge, due to the defendant's previous excellent character and everything else that's been said. You're to reside at your normal address and you must surrender your passport and pay into court a security in the sum of £100,000. I understand it's all in hand, my lady. You're to report to your local police station on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays between 10am and 2pm. You will also abide by a curfew between the hours of 8pm and 8am. Above all, Dr Carmichael, you are not to contact, directly or indirectly, Mark Liam Costley or any of the prosecution witnesses. Is that clear? Yes, my lady. Thank you. How on earth did you get hold of 100 grand? Cashed in those bonds. And Ray and Tina have come up trumps, actually. Oh, God, you didn't ask them, did you? Well, what else could I do? It's all right. We're re-mortgaging, and... Ray and Tina just stepped in to cover it while the paperwork's done. They were happy to help, Von. People have been amazing. Adam? He's been a bit knocked for six... But fine. I've talked to him quite a lot. What about Carrie? Hey... This is lovely. Thank you. It's delicious. Mm. Why didn't you go to the police about the rape? Carrie, love... Maybe your mum's not ready to talk about that right at the moment, darling. I haven't had a chance to talk to Dad about it properly yet. I had my reasons. But, um... I mean, didn't you feel a responsibility to the other women this man was working with, to come forward if he was a threat to them? And this other man, what's his name? Mark Costley. Just roping in some random weirdo, what was that about? He's not a weirdo. But you didn't even know him properly, what were you thinking? I don't know! I don't know. Carrie... I wasn't thinking about my responsibilities. I could barely put one foot in front of the other. And sometimes women aren't served brilliantly by the legal system, whatever they say about new approaches and the caring face of the force. I just couldn't face it. I didn't have the courage. I'm just trying to understand. I'm going to go and have a bath. Fred. Fred. Everything will be all right. For God's sake, Dad, I'm not ten years old any more. What if it isn't? I just don't get why you went to him. Costley. I knew that if I told you what had happened... you'd want me to go to the police. When did it happen? It was that party at Central. Jonathan's leaving do. He was a senior researcher there. We did external exams and panels together. You've probably heard me mention him. Oh, Jesus... Von... I mean, the police, I understand what you were saying to Carrie, but surely we could have spoken about it. At first, I didn't want the rest of my life to be contaminated by what he did. As long as I didn't bring it into the house then I could pretend it never happened. And then I took advice. From Costley. No, from a police officer that he put me in touch with... They see it all the time. Women like me who don't want to have their lives dragged through the courts. Yeah, thank God we're not going to be dragged through the courts. Thank God you spared us from that. I'm sorry. It's all gone so wrong. Oh, my God, he's dead! He's actually dead! Sh, sh... It's not your fault. None of this is your fault. OK? That's not true, Gary. It isn't. You weren't even there when it happened. Were you? No. No. George Selway raped you. It all goes from there. And we are going to do everything... everything we can, OK? Apparently lolly sticks are good. For scratching. Stylish... We've had word from Mark Costley's team about his plea. Looks like he's going for diminished responsibility. He's saying he's not guilty of murder. Well, good, because he isn't. He couldn't be. Do you know that? Well, it makes no sense. Why not self-defence? Yvonne, I have to say, Mark Costley's defence is a matter for him and his solicitors. My job is to defend you. But, if we're being charged together... Costley's effectively pleading guilty to manslaughter by going for diminished responsibility as his defence. So we'll both be charged with Selway's manslaughter? No. If they accept Costley's plea, and that's by no means guaranteed, they still can come after you for murder because your defences are entirely separate. But it's not all doom and gloom... At the very least, if they accept diminished responsibility, it makes our lives easier. You're saying you had no idea Costley was going to kill George Selway and Costley is admitting that he acted on a reckless impulse of his own. You... you are my knight in shining armour. You've admitted you acted alone. Keeping me safe. Again. [DOOR OPENS DOWNSTAIRS] Hey, Dad... Hey, hello, love! How are you? Good... You? Carrie's here, love! Sathnam's going to go part-time after the baby's born. It's his baby, too. Of course it is! That's great. No, that's great. I'm a bit jealous, actually. Well, your dad did a lot for the two of you when you were babies but it was always basically assumed that you were my territory. Well, didn't you talk it over before you got pregnant? We've never really been good at that. Talking. That's not true! Sathnam always says he wishes his parents got on half as well as you and Dad. I'm not saying we don't get on. Oh... I'm so sorry, all of this is such terrible timing for you. I mean, no timing would be good, but this is godawful. Ajay, Sathnam's brother, he has this friend from uni, trained as a barrister... We've got a barrister. Well, he does consultancy now. Sort of PR... helping people to make a good impression in court. Dad asked me to get his number. The two of you have discussed it? You really think that I need help, making a good impression? Well, don't you? Er, shall I send it to you, or Dad? The thing to remember is, I'm innocent. Of course you are. I know you are, of course you are. I'm just... sending it to Dad, OK? [CAR HORN] 
 
 He seems quite young! Yeah? Well, he would be. [PHONE ALERT] Just remember, love, he's costing a fortune. Don't get all competitive with him. Von? [DOORBELL RINGS] Er... competitive? Let him do his job. Let him help you, that's what he's here for. Yeah. Hi. Laurence? Yeah. Hi, I'm Gary, I'm Yvonne's husband. So, Yvonne, are you guilty? No, Laurence, I am not. Cool! That's what we want to see in court. Firm, but polite, no hint of doubt. First impressions are incredibly important. Aren't they just? So, on that subject, is there anything Yvonne should be thinking of, in court? The jury, always. Little tip. When you're in the witness box, point your feet towards the jury. Then you'll automatically address your answers towards them. It's all about making a connection. You might want to jot this down. Anything, erm, in particular she should be wearing? Well, we want the jury to see your feminine side. Oh, Jesus. Ribbons? Lace? Perhaps a blouse with a bit of embellishment. Nothing too low-cut, obviously, something that's appropriate to your, er, age. Under a suit. But not too flash or designer, we don't want people thinking you need taking down a peg or two. People only judge you 30% on what you say. 70% is how you look. None of this is me, you understand. The women, particularly, can be very hard on other women. Talking of... I... I don't know if the prosecuting counsel will be a man or a woman. But if it is a woman, the jury will be more likely to think you're guilty during cross-examination about the rape. Ah, you know, "This nice lady barrister wouldn't be taking this on if she really thought this man had done something terrible." I also imagine this strategy won't have escaped Mr... Costley's defence team. He may well have a female silk. You do know how violent the rape was? Yes, I've got the... details. I'm sure your solicitor has been through this with you, Yvonne, but, er... legally speaking, I'm afraid it does make your case rather worse. An attack of this severity gives you such a strong reason for killing Selway. So, basically everything that should be in Yvonne's favour is going to go against her... Exactly. Of course, one thing the rape doesn't explain is why Mark Costley killed Selway. Why did your co-defendant act as he did? He was warning off George Selway as a favour to me. He has a background in security. And it must have gone wrong in some terrible, terrible, way. Quite a favour. You hadn't known each other that long, had you? A few months. Mmm. The prosecution could try to claim you were lying about the whole thing, that you and Selway had consensual s*x and you were spinning Costley a yarn to get him into trouble. Why the hell would Yvonne do that unless she was a lunatic? Ah, who knows? You were annoyed with Selway because he didn't call you afterwards, de-da, de-da, the usual. The usual? I'm just playing devil's advocate here. Why didn't you report the rape in the first case, if there was evidence? It's a big problem. And if there wasn't evidence, does that mean you didn't fight back? Why not? We see it the whole time. You ladies do make our job rather difficult. [HE GASPS] What are you thinking, Laurence? Shall I tell you what's going on in your head, biologically? There's a part of your brain, the amygdala, it's telling you to do whatever you need to do to survive. It's like a siren, "Survive! Survive!" So loud, in fact, it's drowning out your cerebral cortex, your logical brain. Your cortex knows I'm not going to cut your throat. Why would I do that? My family's in enough trouble as it is. But the amygdala, it's pure instinct. It feels the damage this can do. It's no bigger than a peanut... Yet taken by surprise, afraid for your life... we're programmed to do whatever will ensure our survival. And sometimes... that's nothing. I think you've made your point. Gary. Sorry... It's going to be OK. It's all going be OK... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh! God, my ankle! I'm so sorry. It was the tag. You OK? Of course... [THEY LAUGH] You OK? I want you to promise me something. Aye-aye... If at any point during the trial, I don't want you to be there, I want you to promise that you'll stay away. But you know I want to be there for the whole thing. Please. And from what Jas has said, and that little shitheel, about making the right impression, it's really important that I'm seen to be standing by your side. I know. But I don't think I could bear it, if I have to talk about what George Selway did. Please. OK. Would you have seen it as a betrayal, if Gary and I had made love? Because one thing I do know, you haven't betrayed me. No, Mum was great, cool as a cucumber. It was... It was me that lost it... Yeah, I know, but you had to be here, Carrie, he was absolutely appalling! Babe! Oh, Suze. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. Oh, God. But if you do... I'm here. I wish I'd talked to you. I wish I'd talked to you about everything. Well, like my mum says, "Still waters run deep." She doesn't know the half of it. [DOORBELL RINGS] I'll get it. Yvonne! Yvonne Carmichael, I'm arresting you for breaching the conditions of your bail. I'll call Jaspreet. You might want to get a few things together for her. What are you doing? Look, there is no need for that. She's not going to run away! This is crazy! I haven't done anything! I haven't done anything! I'll be right behind you in the car, love. Suse, could you give me a hand, please? Mark Costley sent you a text from prison and you replied, is that right? I got a text from a number that I didn't recognise. And I just asked who it was. And you sent a second text. It doesn't matter. The point is, he made contact and you responded. Which is breaching the conditions of your bail. But he's not even supposed to have a phone in prison, is he? Well, clearly he got hold of one. I'm sorry, Yvonne. You'll be kept in Holloway on remand. At least we're close to the trial date. It could be deliberate, on Costley's part. Tit for tat. He's in prison, so why not you? He's not like that. Isn't he? He has a niece that's good at science, is that right? Yeah. My eldest daughter's into science. That's always good to hear. Yeah. Yes, er, she showed me this thing. I'm not sure she should be watching it, to be honest with you, but, uh... I suppose it's educational. You've probably seen it. This American who did experiments with monkeys in the 1950s, on animal behaviour. Rice, I think he was called... It's not really my field, animal behaviour. There's a mother, er, with a baby, and, uh... there's a heating element on the floor of the monkey cage. It's pretty horrible, actually. No Wi-Fi. I think it's supposed to be an experiment in altruism. They keep increasing the temperature of the cage floor. The worst thing is, in the end, when its feet are burning... I suppose it's in so much pain. The monkey, it just drops its baby and stands on it. Jesus. Still, it's interesting, though. The tipping point... and self-preservation. You think Mark Costley's reached his tipping point? It's worth bearing in mind. The text Mark Costley sent you... What did it mean, anyway? The Wedekind experiment? Oh, um, well, it was just an experiment that I was involved in, early on in my career and... I... I must have told him about it when we were t... talking about his niece. The one who's interested in science. Like your daughter. You were definitely the first person... to qualify the Wedekind experiment. Yeah! No tipping point. For either of us. You wanted to let me know that you're keeping the faith. How can I blame you for that? [BUZZER] So, the order of the prosecution witnesses... Feeling OK, Yvonne? I'm relieved we're starting, but I'm dreading it. Of course. You won't be called for a very long time, Dr Carmichael. I'm not sure if that makes it worse... But do bear in mind the jury will be able to see you throughout. Just try to stay composed if you can. What are "special measures"? Yes, that's the witness that needs to retain anonymity. The MI5 man, yes? Yeah. Exciting times. So, Yvonne, anything else to tell Robert? Or anything else you need to know? Um... No... I think that covers it. Thank you. Good luck. Luck has nothing to do with it. [DOOR BUZZES] All persons having anything to do at the Central Criminal Court draw near and give your attendance. I don't seem to have a batting order. You f*cking bitch! You deserve everything you get! You bitch, you evil bitch! Look at what you're doing to all of us... Calm down. I have two children at home who have broken their hearts because their father is there, that you have brought into your mess... My lord... Ladies and gentlemen. You will hear two defences being offered in this court. You will hear medical evidence concerning the claim of the first defendant, Mark Liam Costley, that he should be found not guilty of murder on grounds of diminished responsibility, that he is not responsible for killing George Selway because he has a personality disorder. His defence will argue that he is mentally unstable. You will also hear evidence from the second defendant, Yvonne Carmichael, that she is entirely innocent, that she knew nothing of Mr Costley's intentions when she drove him to the doorstep of a man who had viciously assaulted her. When questioned by the police, this eminent scientist claimed that she had no idea what might be going on when she sat waiting in her car outside that property, waiting, and waiting... and waiting. The police were told that she had no thought whatsoever something might be amiss when Mr Costley took so long to return, having changed some of his clothing but having neglected to change his shoes, the shoes that transferred blood to the mat in the footwell of her car. The prosecution's case is that this is all nonsense. Mark Liam Costley and Yvonne Carmichael planned and connived, quite coldly and in advance, that one would do the deed and the other drive the getaway car. Each encouraged and facilitated the other's behaviour. And each, therefore, is as guilty as the other, of the murder of George Simon Selway. It might be an idea to get something down, if you can, Dr Carmichael. After lunch we're in for the long haul. Ladies and gentlemen, may I invite you to turn to the first page of the jury bundle? Maps, photographs, forensic diagrams, it's nothing to worry about. Smoke and mirrors. The prosecution just want to hammer it home, essentially. Guilty, guilty, guilty. The woman you saw sitting in the car outside George Selway's flat. Can you point her out to the court, please? I'm afraid Miss Bonnard, Mr Costley's barrister, might pile on the agony a bit as well. Brand-new silk. They always want to cross-examine every single witness. Isn't that what you'll be doing? No. I have no questions for the witness, my lord. No cross-exam from us. An innocent woman doesn't need to get bogged down in the sordid details. That's our message. Can you clarify, Dr Weatherfield, what kind of force would have been needed to cause this level of injury to the victim's neck area? It would have to be a blunt trauma injury of some force, consistent with stamping while the victim was face up on the floor. And how can you tell that this force would have been considerable? The bruising. You can see the clear imprint of the attacker's trainer on the torso. And the victim's voice box was shattered. In order to sustain that level of injury, I would say that the person applying the force would perhaps have been jumping while he or she stamped on him. What was the extent of the injury to the nose? The nose was almost certainly broken by a blow before the victim was on the ground, perhaps as a way of initiating the attack. There was considerable blood from the nose on the victim's clothes. Once he was on his back, that wouldn't have flowed vertically down his clothes. Thank you. No further questions, my lord. Can we be clear on this, Dr Weatherfield? Could the dilution of blood on the victim's clothes have been caused by him emptying his bladder? Rather than any purposeful dilution of the blood by Mr Costley in an attempt at clearing up after death? Well... it could. It's correct there were no tests done on the diluting component. So it could have been urine? It could have been... Thank you. No further questions on behalf of Mr Costley. My lord, I have no questions for this witness. How did it go so far? Did he provoke you? Is this what you've been trained to do? It's not looking good for him, is it? He looks different to how I imagined. Do you know this, erm, experiment. Rice. Um, animal behaviourist, 1950s, I think. Rice? Yeah. Erm, is that the one with the monkeys? Mm. What's that got to do with anything? It's just been in my head and I don't really get to talk to anybody in here, or... not in court for that matter, either. Have you seen the footage? Erm... I'm not sure. Erm... maybe years ago. It's the one with the heated cage, right? Mm. Um, yeah, it's extraordinary. Really? That's not the word I'd use. Well, I mean the experiment's horrific. They wouldn't get away with it these days. But the... the outcome's pretty amazing. The power of maternal love. You're kidding! I... I thought the whole point was the monkey drops the baby. No, she saves the baby. I remember reading about it. She holds the baby in the air and lets her feet burn. If it's the same experiment. I wish I could make you feel safe. I do. I feel safe here with you. I know you. You're not a monster... and once everyone else knows what you are, they'll understand. Members of the jury, this witness is to give evidence behind a screen. You'll be able to see the witness, however, the defendants and the gallery will not. Thank you for your patience while we make the necessary adjustments. Witness A, can you please tell us what your job is? My title is Chief Training Operative, MI5. And can you explain for us what a Chief Training Operative is or does? There are various roles, but my particular responsibility is to oversee the testing we put operatives through, both physical and psychological. As part of the selection process for MI5. And... how do you go about finding out whether or not a given person is suitable for a career in M15? I understand that the precise methods are confidential but if you could, please give the court a general idea. Well, we begin with, erm, psychological questionnaires, interviews and so on. Physical tests? Well, yes, of course. Then candidates who make the first cut move to a more extended period of training. Witness A, do you know the defendant, Mark Costley? Yes, I met Mr Costley in the autumn of 2008, when he applied to join the security services. He made the "first cut", as you would say? Yes. I was responsible for assessing his application. Not exclusively, but I was the supervising officer. Could you tell us a little more about the training Mr Costley underwent, so far as you are permitted to say? Well, candidates attend seminars, lectures, and they also undergo a period of more what you might call interactive training. Does this include combat training? There's a basic level of combat training. Of course, Mr Costley had spent some years in the police force, so he was already familiar with some of the principles. Indeed. Would this level of training give an individual an advantage over what you might call an average citizen, in a fight? Well, that's rather what it's designed to do, yes. To be clear, does combat training, as opposed to what Mr Costley would had been taught as part of his police officer safety training, include a technique for breaking an assailant's nose with the palm of one's hand? That's one of the techniques disseminated, yes. And in assessing Mark Costley, did you find him suitable to the physical requirements of an MI5 officer? Yes, we did. During the time you were assessing Mr Costley, did you ever feel sufficient concern about his mental stability to raise the issue with his line manager in the Metropolitan Police Force? His mental stability? I'm sorry, I don't quite see where you're heading with this... I mean, it really wasn't my... role. I'm asking if you were happy enough with Mark Costley's mental state to allow him to continue working as a police officer, and then to move on into a sensitive position involving the security and the safety of our Members of Parliament, despite your final decision to reject his application to join MI5? Yes, it was purely for me to turn him down as an unsuitable candidate for the security services. I wasn't f*cking a spook. The spooks didn't want you... All the ways you made yourself mysterious... Facing the wrong way... Risk assessment. ...the phones, the safe house... Why? I believed you. Everything about you. Who are you... really? What have I done? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 