Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x00 - The Pilot - Roswell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x00 - The Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=27&t=4753 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/15/02 13:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x00 - The Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Pilot 
 Episode : 1 
1st Episode of Roswell 
 Season : 1 
 Production Code : 1ADA79 
 Written by : Jason Katims 
 Original Air Date : Wednesday October 6, 1999 
 
 [Liz is sitting outside, it's dark. She's writing in her journal] 
 Voice-Over : September 23rd. Journal entry one. I'm Liz Parker and five days ago I died. After that, things got really weird.... 
 [Flashback to the day of the shooting...Liz and Maria are waiting tables.] 
 [Liz walks to the two tourists with their order] 
 Liz : Okay, I have got one Sigourney Weaver, that's for you. And one Will Smith. Can I get you guys anything else? Green Martian Shake? Blood of Alien smoothie?? 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): No, thanks. We're good. 
 Liz : Are you guys here for the crash festival? 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): Yea, can't wait. So...does your family come from Roswell?? 
 Liz : Just four generations. 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): Uh, well, does anyone in your family have stories about the UFO crash? 
 Liz : Well, I guess it would be O.K. to show you guys this.... 
 [Liz shows them to fake alien picture while Maria walks past with a coffee pot and shakes her head smiling.] 
 [Maria walks to a table with two men arguing] 
 Maria : Refill? 
 Guy #1 : No, get outta here. 
 Liz : My grandmother took this picture at the crash sight RIGHT before the government cleaned it up. 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): Do people know about this photograph? 
 Liz : Well, I know about it, and now you know about it. 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): Woah! 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): Wow!! 
 Liz : I'm gonna be right back, don't show that to anyone. 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): No.... 
 [Liz and Maria are walking back to the cash register together] 
 Maria : You are sooo bad girl. Oh, and Max Evans is staring at you again. 
 Liz : No way. 
 Liz : Maria, that is so in your imagination. 
 [Liz looks at Max who is sitting at a booth with Michael at the far end of the restaurant. He looks at her and then quickly away.] 
 Liz : Max Evans? This? No, un uh..it's not... 
 Maria : And with those cheeks ?????????. 
 Liz : Maria!! 
 Liz : And, and even if it weren't I'm going out with Kyle. I mean, he's steady and loyal, and he appreciates me. 
 Maria : Sounds like you're describing a poodle. 
 Guy #1 : .....you ask me to give you another day!!?? You're running outta time. 
 [Guy knocks all the dishes off the table and they break] 
 Maria : Liz!! 
 Guy #1 : I want the money today. NOT tomorrow!! 
 [GUY #2 pulls a gun, there is a struggle, everyone drops to the floor except Liz, the gun goes off and Liz falls to the floor, the guys run off] 
 Maria : Liz...... 
 [Max looks over at Liz laying on the floor and gets up to help her. Michael stops him] 
 Max : What are you doing? Let go of me. 
 Michael : Max, what are you gonna do? 
 Max : [To Maria] Call an ambulance. 
 [Max tears Liz's dress open, you can see the growing blood stain] 
 Max : Uhh...it's gonna be OK. 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): Oh my god!! 
 Michael : Hey, get back!! 
 Max : Liz, LIZ! You have to look at me. You have to look at me. 
 [Liz weakly looks at him, and he puts his hand over the bullet wound, we see images of Liz as a child, Max sighs and when he takes his hand away, the wound is healed] 
 Max : You're all right now. You're all right. 
 Michael : Keys! Now!! 
 [Max throws him the keys and breaks a ketchup bottle and pours the ketchup over her] 
 Max : You broke a bottle when you fell, spilled ketchup on yourself. Don't say anything please. 
 Maria : Are you okay? 
 [Opening credits] 
 Mr. (Geoffrey) Parker : Lizzie. Oh my God!! 
 Liz : No, dad, dad look, look at this. See, I'm fine, I-I just spilled ketchup, I'm really, I'm okay. 
 Mr. Parker : Are you sure? 
 Liz : yea. 
 Maria : The guy with the gun was kind of like a, like a muscular Beavis. And...the other one was like a, like a beefy Butthead. 
 Deputy : I'm gonna need a better description then that. I'm assuming they weren't actually cartoons. 
 Maria : Excuse me. 
 [Maria starts to sniff her oil and Valenti comes in and gives her a look] 
 Maria : Cypress Oil, it um, it reduces stress. 
 Sheriff Valenti : [To Liz] You okay? 
 Liz : Yea thanks. I-I'm just a little shaken up. 
 Deputy : Sheriff, the suspects ran out just after the incident occurred. Couple of outsiders. No apparent robbery, no injuries other than the girl that fell. Just seems like an argument that got outta hand. 
 [The two tourists are nosing around the back.] 
 Deputy : Hey, I told you two to stay outta there! [To Valenti] Couple of tourists in town for the crash. 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): Uh, Sheriff, hi, um, um, I'm sorry, I really need to talk to you. I think something happened here. 
 Valenti : What do you think happened? 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): The gunman was, was, was standing right over there, right? And the shot was fired into this direction. Now, Jen and I, we searched this entire place up and down and...I mean there's, where's the bullet? 
 Deputy : We haven't found a bullet hole yet sheriff. 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): Yea, and uh, sheriff. Before it happened, the girl gave me this. 
 [He hands Valenti the fake alien photo] 
 [Valenti gives it to Mr. Parker] 
 Valenti : Jack. (John....not sure) 
 Mr. Parker : Lizzie! 
 Liz : yea? 
 Mr. Parker : I told you, about showing the alien photos to the tourists. 
 [Meanwhile Valenti walks over to the table where Max was sitting and sees two empty bottles of Tabasco sauce] 
 Jennifer  (Tourist #2): There were two kids sitting over here when it happened, two boys about her age. And then one of them went-- 
 Liz : Uh yea, that's right there were. You know that I didn't recognize them, so they must have just been tourists. 
 Larry  (Tourist #1): No, no it sure looked like that she knew them to me. 
 [Later that night Liz is home, she takes off her uniform and puts in it a bookbag. She goes over to her mirror and sees a funny silver handprint on her stomach where Max healed her] 
 
 [The next day in Biology class] 
 Teacher : Okay, we've spent the last week talking about Geneis and phylum, and now we're going to get a little more specific and talk about the difference between species. For today's experiment you'll be working in teams of two. 
 [Max walks in late and sits beside Liz, he sticks a pencil in his mouth and starts flipping through his books] 
 Teacher : Mr. Evans, so nice of you to join us. Okay, everyone on the right prepare a slide with the vegetable sampling, everyone on the left, take a toothpick and get a sample from your cheek. 
 [Max takes the pencil out and asks for a bathroom pass, visibly uncomfortable] 
 Teacher : Mr. Evans? 
 Max : Could I get a bathroom pass? 
 Teacher : High maintenance today aren't we? 
 [She hands Liz a toothpick, who takes it and makes a cheek sample] 
 Teacher : It's very easy to look on the outside and say what differentiates humans from other species. But what about what's on the inside, everyone, look at the human cells and describe everything you see on your lab sheet. 
 [Liz looks at her cheek cells, then she makes a cheek cell slide from samples off his pencil. His cells look nothing like hers.] 
 
 [In the hall] 
 Liz : Max! Max!! Excuse me, excuse me. Max, I have to talk to you. 
 [She grabs his arm and pulls him into the band room] 
 [Kyle is beating on the drums in there] 
 Liz : Kyle! 
 Kyle : Hey! 
 Liz : Hey! 
 Kyle : Hey Max. 
 Max : Hey. 
 Kyle : So'd you get my message? 
 Liz : Oh yea, I did. I was uh, just a little.... 
 Kyle : Shaken up. 
 Liz : That's what I was. 
 Kyle : I know, my dad told me about the gun goin' off. You okay? 
 Liz : Oh, yea I am, it was just load and then it was over. 
 Kyle : So you guys are...?? 
 Liz : Um, we're looking for a place...to study, for our Bio midterm. 
 Kyle : Oh right. Right okay, Biology. All right, I was leavin' anyway. 
 Liz : Great, um, that's good. 
 Kyle : Oh, I got my costume for the crash this Friday it's great-- 
 Liz : Kyle. We've gotta study. Sorry. 
 Kyle : Right. See ya Max. 
 Max : So...you're going out with the Sheriff's son? 
 Liz : Um, yea. Well, it's kind of like this, this casual...okay, Max. Can we just focus here for one minute please? 
 [She lifts her shirt and shows him the mark on her stomach] 
 Max : Wow. 
 Liz : Um, I-I scraped some cells from your pencil. This is really hard to say, I'm trying to keep from blacking out here. Um, the cells weren't normal. So, Max, what I'm going to suggest to you is that we just go back to the bio lab now, so that I can take a sample so that I can see what I'm thinking is wrong, you know? That I got the wrong cells... 
 Max : You didn't. 
 Liz : Okay, um. So help me out here Max. I mean, what are you? 
 Max : Well I'm not from around here. 
 Liz : Where you from? 
 [Max points up with his index finger] 
 Liz : Up north? 
 [Max points higher] 
 Liz : You're not an, an alien, I mean. Are you? 
 Max : Well I prefer the term not of this earth. Sorry, it's not a good time to joke. 
 Max : Yea, I am. Wow, it's weird to actually say it. 
 [Liz starts to leave] 
 Max : Liz.... 
 Liz : Um, Max, you know, I have, I'm gonna be late for my US Government class, so I'm just gonna-- 
 [Max stops her at the door.] 
 Max : Liz, listen to me. You can't talk to anyone about this. Not your parents, not Maria. No one. You don't understand what'll happen if you do. Liz please? Now my life is in your hands. 
 [Liz leaves.] 
 
 [In the cafeteria] 
 Alex : Well, it says right here that shots were fired but no one was injured. 
 Maria : Then where's Liz?? I mean, why is she avoiding me?? Okay, first of all, Liz is never late right? She walks into homeroom today, and goes and sits next to Pam Troy. She like, hates Pam Troy and you know like, goes around admitting it openly...and...Alex are you listening to me?? 
 Alex : Yea, yea, Maria I'm listening to you. But this is just you being you. All right? Liz is fine, nothing happened it's all right here in black and white. 
 
 [Isabel, Michael and Max are having lunch together] 
 Isabel : I can't believe this Max. You know, I finally feel like I have a quasi-normal existence and you go and blow it all with one random act of lunacy. [To Michael] How did you let my misguided brother do this? 
 Michael : Hey don't turn this around on me. I'm not the one who thinks he's a super hero. 
 Max : Look, I said I was sorry. 
 Isabel : You're sorry? You break a sacred pact and that's all you have to say? It's against the rules Max, the rules we made! 
 Max : You use your powers all the time. 
 Isabel : Recreationally. 
 [She heats her taco with her hand] 
 Isabel : The important thing is, to contain this. We just have to figure out what to say to Miss Scientist. 
 [Max looks guilty] 
 Isabel : Oh my God, you told her. 
 Max : I didn't have a choice. It's gonna be okay. 
 Isabel : Don't you realize that everything has changed. 
 Max : No, it hasn't. 
 Michael : Max, she's right, we're screwed. It's time to leave Roswell. 
 [He gets up and the others follow him] 
 Max : Michael, we can't just leave. 
 Michael : Yea we can. We've always known this day would come. We said when it did we'd be prepared. 
 Isabel : Michael, where are we gonna go. You know Roswell's home. 
 [They get in the jeep.] 
 Michael : Roswell's not home. It's not even in our solar system. 
 Max : Well this is the closest thing we have to home right now. 
 Michael : For you two maybe, it was you the Evans found on the side of the road not me. They're like real parents to you. My foster dad just keeps me around for the monthly check. 
 Max : This is gonna be OK. We should just lay low. Go back to school and act normal. 
 Isabel : Act normal? That's your big plan Max? Don't you realize it's only a matter of time before they find us and turn us over to some government agency where they're gonna test us and prod us, and, oh yea, exterminate us. 
 [Max pulls out and they leave] 
 
 [In a school bathroom] 
 [Liz walks into the bathroom and splashes water on her face, Maria comes out of a stall.] 
 Liz : Hey. 
 Maria : So I called like, 37 times. 
 Liz : I know, I'm sorry. 
 Maria : Liz, what happened? 
 Liz : What do you mean Maria? You were there, you saw everything? 
 Maria : Did I? Cause um, this isn't ketchup. [She holds out the order pad] This looks a lot like blood to me. What did Max do to you? 
 [Liz dries her hands and doesn't answer] 
 
 [In the jeep, Isabel, Isabel is sitting in the back listening to a CD by holding it up the her ear] 
 Max : Isabel, could you please not do that? 
 Isabel : Yea, like listening to a CD is the problem. 
 Max : I couldn't just let her die. 
 [Valenti comes up behind them and turns his flashers on] 
 Isabel : Is he pulling us over? 
 Michael : Max go, let's get outta here. 
 Max : We can't start acting guilty. 
 [He pulls to the side of the road.] 
 Max : He always pulls kids over he does it all the time. It's nothing. 
 Michael : Yea, nuthin'. 
 [Valenti walks over] 
 Valenti : Your license and registration please. 
 Max : Of course officer. 
 [He hands them to him.] 
 Valenti : Thank you Mr. Evans. We had a little trouble at the Crashdown Cafe yesterday. You kids be careful out there. 
 Max : Yes sir. 
 [Max moves his foot to the gas pedal and hits a half empty bottle of Tabasco sauce. Valenti sees it.] 
 Valenti : Watch your speed. Arrive alive. 
 Max : We will. 
 [Max goes to start the jeep, but Michael grabs the keys.] 
 Max : Michael, everything is gonna be okay. 
 Michael : No it won't. Our cover is blown. And I'm not gonna hang around and wait for them to catch us. 
 Max : No one is caught yet. I mean, we don't even know if there is a ''them''. 
 Michael : What happened to our parents?? What happened to everybody else on the ship? They were killed, and you know that. 
 Max : Liz won't tell anyone, she's different. 
 Michael : Really? So how'd she react when you told her? 'Great you're an alien that's fantastic.' 
 [Max looks away.] 
 Michael : No, I didn't think so. 
 [He throws the key on the seat.] 
 Isabel : Thought I was pissed. 
 
 [Liz and Kyle are walking to her door.] 
 Liz : Well, goodnight. 
 Kyle : Oh right, right. Listen Liz, you've, you've been somewhere else all night. 
 Liz : I know, I'm sorry. Kyle, do you ever wonder if.... 
 Kyle : Do I ever wonder what? 
 Liz : When you see me, do you, do you feel things. 
 Kyle : Yes, of course. I feel things. Like what? 
 Liz : Forget it, I don't know what I was talking about. I'm just gonna go get some sleep. 
 Kyle : All right. 
 [Liz reaches up to turn off a light and Kyle can see the handprint.] 
 Kyle : Liz? 
 [She quickly pulls the shirt down] 
 Liz : Good night Kyle. 
 Kyle : Goodnight Liz. 
 
 [Liz is on the roof.] 
 Max : Liz!! 
 [She walks to the edge and looks over] 
 Max : I have to talk to you. 
 [She lets him in.] 
 Max : I can't imagine how you must feel right now, I mean, I've thought about telling you a thousand times. 
 Liz : You have, me?? 
 [Max smiles] 
 Liz : What? 
 Max : Sorry, I just , uh, I just keep picturing you in that dress, with the, uh, the cupcakes.....on it. 
 Liz : What? 
 Max : Forget it, it was a long time ago. 
 Liz : Oh my God. That's, that's right. I can't believe I actually wore that thing!! 
 Liz : I had that dress in kindergarten, I didn't know you until the third grade. Did you like, read my mind or something? 
 Max : No, I-I don't read minds. When I healed you, I made this, this , I don't know, this connection. And I got this rush of images.... An image of that dress flashed into my mind, and , I knew how you felt about it. 
 Liz : How did I feel about it?? 
 Max : It was the single supreme embarrassment of your life. But your Mom made it for you, she was so proud of it, she'd never made a dress before, so you wore it. For her sake. 
 [Liz nods in shock] 
 Max : I've never tried this before, but maybe I can make the connection go the other way. So you can see, you know that, that I'm still me. 
 [He advances until he's in front of her] 
 Max : I have to touch you. 
 [Liz nods.] 
 [Max puts his hands on both side of her head] 
 Max : Now just take deep breaths and try to let your mind blank out. 
 [Liz gets a rush of images, Max and Isabel walking down the road and the Evans finding them, Max on the first day, and how he sees her. In the halls at school talking to Maria, and since they were in third grade] 
 Voice-Over : I could feel everything he was feeling. I could feel his loneliness. For the first time I was really seeing Max Evans, I saw me as he saw me, and the amazing thing was, in his eyes, I was beautiful. 
 [Max pulls away] 
 Max : Did it work? 
 [Liz nods and Max looks at her embarrassed.] 
 
 
 
 
 [Liz is watching Max walk down the hall] 
 Voice-Over : Max Evans has put a force on me. It's like my whole life changed in an instant. It's just so ironic that when something like this finally happened to me, it was with an alien. 
 [Liz is in the band room] 
 Alex : Hey. 
 Liz : Oh, hey Alex. Have you seen my bookbag anywhere? 
 Alex : No, I haven't. Can I talk to you for a second? 
 Liz : Yea, what's up?? 
 Alex : Well, I'm you're friend, and I'm Maria's friend to, so if you lie to Maria, it's sort of like lying to me. 
 Liz : Alex, what did Maria say to you? 
 Alex : Well, frankly it's vague. I mean, everything needs to be put through the Maria filter. But, she said something about how she found blood on your order book. What's going on? 
 Liz : Alex, Maria is a total drama queen. You know that. Nothing is going on. 
 Alex : O-ok, well look. All I care about is that you're OK. So you're you are right, you're okay? 
 Liz : I'm OK. 
 Alex : All right. 
 Liz : Okay. 
 Alex : And whatever happened is ... over now?? 
 Liz : It is totally over. 
 Alex : Okay. 
 Liz : Okay. 
 [Principal and Deputy walk in] 
 Principal : There she is. 
 Deputy : Ms. Parker, the Sheriff needs to ask you some questions. 
 
 [In the sheriff's office, Liz is sitting in front of the sheriff's desk.] 
 [Valenti walks in] 
 Valenti : Afternoon Ms. Parker. Your father said it would be all right if I talked to you. I'm sorry to have to show you these. 
 [He shows her some pictures of a dead body with the handprint.] 
 Valenti : This man was found dead, no apparent cause of death. Except that. What do you make of that mark?? 
 Liz : I have never seen anything like that before. 
 Valenti : Kyle said he saw a similar mark on your stomach. 
 Liz : He was wrong. 
 Valenti : I'm sure, Kyle's got a pretty wild imagination. I'm gonna need to see for myself Liz. 
 Liz : Come on sheriff, I mean, I told you that I spilled ketchup, and I, I said that like, a thousand times. 
 Valenti : Liz, please? 
 [She stands and pulls her shirt up to show him the mark. It's gone.] 
 Valenti : The mark faded on the corpse too. What do you know about a kid named Max Evans? 
 Liz : Max Evans?? 
 Valenti : Mmmm Hmmm.. 
 Liz : Um....I don't really know him all that well. 
 Valenti : Was he one of the kids at the CrashDown that day? 
 Liz : No. 
 Valenti : I see. 
 Liz : Can I go home now sheriff?? 
 [Valenti puts the same bookbag on top of his desk that Liz had earlier put the dress with the bullet hole in.] 
 Valenti : Just one more thing. Somebody turned in this bookbag, it is your isn't it?? 
 
 [Max is at wrestling practice in the gym. Liz stops to see him] 
 
 [Meanwhile, Valenti is talking to the government agent he has called in to help investigate this case.] 
 Valenti : A shot was fired, there's a bullet hole in the dress. I'm telling you, the girl was shot. 
 [The Agent stands and puts the outfit in his briefcase] 
 Valenti : What are you doing? 
 Agent : I have a flying saucer sighting in Phoenix. An accountant in Barstow who thinks he's Jesus. Both cases are more solid then this. Have this checked out at the lab, call me sheriff, if you ever have anything...real. 
 Valenti : Listen, you guys told me to call you if I saw anything. Well, my son saw that handprint. 
 Agent : I'm sure he did. 
 Valenti : What happens now?? 
 Agent : Have the lab check out the dress. I'm gonna handle this case in the proper manner without getting to personal. I suggest you do the same. 
 Valenti : I'm not walkin' away from this. I'm gonna be a part of this investigation. 
 Agent : Sheriff, do you know what everyone used to call your father?? Sergeant Martian. You don't wanna end up like him. 
 Valenti : Agent Stevens, I was 8 years old when my father discovered that corpse, my whole life I thought he was as crazy as everyone else did. Crazy to believe. Now I'm not so sure. 
 Agent : Thank you Sheriff. Your work is done now, we'll take it from here. 
 
 [Max and Liz have went into the art room to talk.] 
 Liz : I need to know the truth Max. I need to know, everything. Or I'll - I'm just gonna go to Valenti and I'm gonna tell him everything I know. 
 Max : Okay. 
 Liz : Okay. 
 [She takes a piece of paper with her questions written on it out of her pocket.] 
 Liz : Okay. All right. Here we go. Where did you come from? 
 Max : I don't know. When the ship crashed I wasn't born yet. 
 Liz : So there was a crash? 
 Max : All I know is it wasn't a weather balloon that fell that night. 
 Liz : The ship crashed in 1947 your 16? 
 Max : We were in some kind of incubation pods. 
 Liz : We? 
 Max : Isabel and Michael are also...uh... 
 Liz : Okay, well, that, answers, um, that question. Um, what powers do you have? 
 Max : We can connect with people, as uh, you know. We can manipulate molecular structures, and...we can.... 
 Liz : Wait, what does that mean? 
 [Max goes to a clay sculpture on a nearby table and moves his hand in front of it, the shape changes] 
 Max : That's, uh, that's how I healed you. 
 Liz : Max, who else knows this? 
 Max : No one. 
 Liz : What about your parents? 
 Max : We don't tell anyone. We sorta think our lives depend on it. 
 Liz : So when you healed me you risked all of this getting out didn't you? 
 Max : Yea. 
 Liz : Why?? 
 Max : It was you. 
 [Liz smiles] 
 Liz : Um Max, Valenti showed me this photo of a corpse. A murder victim. It had the same silver handprint on it's chest. 
 Max : That can't be. 
 Liz : The photo was marked 1959. 
 Max : That's impossible. 
 Liz : Kyle saw the handprint on my stomach and Valenti found my waitress uniform with the bullet hole in it. He just asked me if you were in the cafe during the shooting. Max, he suspects you. 
 [Max starts to leave.] 
 Liz : Max. 
 Max : I have to go. 
 Liz : Max wait, go where?? Where are you going? Max wait!! Max!! 
 [She runs out into the hall to stop him but loses him in a crowd of people who run by dressed for the festival.] 
 
 [Isabel is getting ready on her bed. Max opens the door.] 
 Max : Forget the festival. It's time to leave. 
 
 [Max and Isabel are waiting in the jeep for Michael, he hops in] 
 Isabel : Where's your stuff?? 
 Michael : I'm wearin' it. 
 
 [Liz is on her bed studying, Maria comes in and gets in front of her, dressed for the crash] 
 Maria : Before I go to this idiotic crash festival I want to know everything. And if you don't tell me the truth right now. I'm going to go to Valenti myself and tell him everything I know. 
 Liz : What do you know? 
 Maria : Well....uh, I-I know that Max was in the diner that day, and I know that he went up to you when you were shot and like, did something to you. And I know that the one person in the world that I thought I could completely trust, is lying to me. 
 Liz : You have to promise me that you are not going to flip out. 
 Maria : Flip out? Hey, it's me. 
 [We see Maria running screaming from the cafe with Liz right behind her.] 
 Liz : Maria!! 
 
 [In the jeep] 
 Michael : So is this picture what we're seeing is there's more of us? 
 Max : One more, at least there was in 1959. 
 Michael : Well then there's hope. I mean if we can find him, he can tell us where we came from, what we are- 
 Isabel : Michael calm down, we had one potential relative 40 years ago, all we know about him is he was a potential killer. 
 
 [In Maria's car] 
 Maria : Liz, Liz what happened to you? You were on this whole like, valedictorian path. You were on your way to be like, this world renowned scientist and I was gonna be your wacky friend. I can't be a wacky friend to someone who's already whacky!! It'd be like repetitious.... 
 Liz : Maria you're babbling. 
 Maria : I think I've earned the right to babble, all right so just deal with it. 
 [Max, Isabel, and Michael drive past] 
 Liz : Oh my God Maria that's them!! Cut a U-ie! 
 Maria : Cut a U-ie? 
 Liz : Maria! 
 Maria : Who are you? I mean..... 
 [Liz grabs the wheel and makes Maria do a U-turn in the middle of the road.] 
 Maria : Oh my God, you're a crazy person. 
 Liz : Maria I am not!! Please, just catch them!! 
 Maria : Catch them? Liz, we're in a Jetta. 
 
 [Max and clan see Valenti patrolling and hastily Max turns down a side alley, that is blocked by another car, but before they can back up, Maria pulls in, blocking the path with her car.] 
 Isabel : Great. 
 [Liz and Maria get out and start to walk towards them, Max, Isabel and Michael follow suit.] 
 Maria : What are they doing here? No, don't tell me there's three. 
 Liz : Well..... 
 Maria : I think I'm gonna be sick. 
 Liz : Maria knows. 
 Michael : Unbelievable. 
 Maria : Look, I promise I won't tell anyone. 
 [Michael advances on them and Maria backs up behind Liz] 
 Michael : Get your car out of the way, NOW. 
 Liz : I really don't think that you should try to leave. It's just gonna show people that you're guilty. 
 Michael : Guilty of what? Saving your life? 
 Max : Michael.... 
 Liz : Look, I think I have an idea here. If we can just all work together here maybe we can throw Valenti off. 
 Michael : We're not together. Our lives are at stake, not yours. Now move your car. 
 Max : Michael, this can't last forever. This secret, and I don't want it to. 
 Liz : Look I can't change what happened. But if you run, Valenti is gonna know it's you. You'll be proving it for him. 
 Max : She's right. 
 Isabel : I should've known you'd side with her. 
 Max : Isabel I'm not on anyone's side all right. 
 Isabel : Get on a side Max because time is running out. 
 Max : She should move her car. I'm turning myself into Valenti. 
 Michael : Max we said we were leaving. 
 Isabel : Max I can't leave without you. 
 Isabel : What's your idea? 
 
 [Liz goes to Kyle's house.] 
 Kyle : I waited for you for an hour and a half. 
 Liz : Kyle, I know I've been acting like a real jerk and, I'm sorry. (gives him a cute innocent look) 
 
 [At the festival, Maria and Isabel are walking together, Alex passes.] 
 Isabel : Nice mask Alex. 
 Alex : Isabel, hey. Maria. 
 Maria : Hey. 
 Alex : Uh, nice cones. 
 
 [At Kyle's.] 
 Kyle : Liz we don't even have to go to the crash. 
 Liz : Kyle it is gonna be great okay. 
 [She kisses him] 
 Liz : I am gonna meet you in front of the podium in half an hour, right? 
 Kyle : Right. Half an hour. 
 Liz : Yea. 
 [She goes behind a tree and calls Max.] 
 
 [In the jeep, with Michael and Max] 
 Liz : We're got half an hour. 
 Max : Got it. Well.... 
 Michael : It won't work. 
 
 [At the festival, Valenti and his deputy are looking for Max] 
 Valenti : Where is he? 
 Deputy : There. What did this kid do Jim? 
 Valenti : I'll take it from here Owen. 
 
 [Maria and Isabel in the parking lot] 
 Isabel : Come on roll! 
 Maria : OK, I'm rolling. 
 Isabel : Roll!! 
 Maria : I'm rolling!! Okay? 
 Isabel : Right that's better. Keys? 
 Maria : Okay, I know my mom's car doesn't look like much, but, not destroying it is the key to my and my mother's relationship okay? 
 Isabel : Whatever. 
 
 [Valenti approaches Max] 
 Valenti : I have some questions for you. 
 Max : What kind of questions? 
 Valenti : Where you at the CrashDown Cafe the day of the shooting? 
 Max : Yes. 
 Valenti : What did you do to Liz Parker? 
 Max : I didn't do anything to her. 
 Valenti : I don't believe that. 
 [He handcuffs Max] 
 Max : Aren't you going to read me my rights? 
 Valenti : Do you have any?? 
 
 [Meanwhile, Liz bumps the two tourists from the cafe and they follow her. Isabel pretends to run over Maria with the car and runs off] 
 [Liz runs up] 
 Liz : Maria! 
 Alex : What's going on? What are you, what are you doing?? 
 Valenti : What happened here?? 
 [There is a silver handprint on her chest.] 
 Valenti : Are you okay? 
 Maria : Yea, I think so. 
 Deputy : There he goes. Sheriff, there he is. There's the guy that went up to her that's him. 
 Valenti : Watch the kid. 
 [Valenti follows him, the person in the same outfit he sees and goes up to is Kyle] 
 Kyle : Dad, scared the hell outta me. You seen Liz around? She was supposed to meet me here like 15 minutes ago. 
 Valenti : No. 
 Kyle : Mmmmmkay. 
 
 [Michael throws his outfit away in a port-a-pottie.] 
 
 [Valenti is questioning Max, he throws him against a portable trailer] 
 Valenti : You think you're a smart guy don't you? 
 Max : I don't know what you're talking about. 
 Valenti : Don't play games with me Mr. Evans, this is paint. 
 [He holds up the hand he touched the silver handprint on Maria with] 
 Valenti : You went up to Liz Parker in that cafe and you did something to her, and I need to know what it was. 
 Max : I had a hamburger, when the gun went off I ran away. Did I break the law?? Sheriff are you arresting me?? 
 Valenti : No, your parents would have you out in an hour. Let me tell you something. I'm gonna find out what the truth is. You can count on it. You're a real smart guy Max. Well, so am I. 
 [He walks off] 
 
 [Jonathan Frakes counts off the seconds to the crash] 
 Frakes : Is everybody ready!! 8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1. Blastoff! Yah!! 
 [The little spacecraft takes off and crashes, sending smoldering alien bodies all around.] 
 Frakes : YEA!!!! 
 [Isabel, Michael and Max all watch sullen] 
 [Max sees Liz and goes to talk to her] 
 Max : Hey. 
 Liz : Hey. 
 [Max walks up and pushes a stray piece of hair behind her ear] 
 Liz : Oh. 
 Max : You had a, uh.... 
 Liz : Hair thing, right. Thanks. 
 Max : Sure. Liz, it's not safe. I mean, for you and , and me to....it's not safe. 
 Liz : I don't care. 
 Max : Liz I really, really wish that this could be something, you know, more. But it can't. We're just... 
 Liz : Different. 
 Max : Yea. 
 Max : I'll see ya at school. 
 Liz : Max?? 
 Liz : I never got to thank you, for saving my life. 
 Max : Thank you. 
 Voice-Over : It's September 24th, I'm Liz Parker and five days ago I died. But then the really amazing thing happened. I came to life. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 