Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - Max to the Max - Roswell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - Max to the Max https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=27&t=4704 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 04:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - Max to the Max 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 "Max to the Max" 
 Episode : 20 
20th Episode of Roswell 
 Season : 1 
 Production Code : 1ADA19 
 Written by : Toni Graphia 
 Original Air Date : Wednesday May 1, 2000 
 
 (Scene opens where Four Squared left off. Max just told Isabel and Michael that Tess was one of them.) 
 Michael : What do you mean, she's one of us? 
 Isabel : Max, what is it? 
 Michael : Max. 
 (They follow Max to the cave with the pods that he remembered. He opens the door.) 
 Michael : How did you…? 
 Max : I just knew. 
 Isabel : Max, we can't… 
 Max : We have to Isabel. We have to find out. 
 Isabel : What is this place, Max? 
 Tess : It's where we were all born. 
 Isabel : No. No. No, I don't believe this. 
 Max : Isabel wait. We can't leave her alone, Michael. Come on. 
 (Isabel and Max leave the cave.) 
 Tess : You want to know, don't you? You want all the answers. I can give them to you, but first you have to convince them that I'm not your enemy. Max didn't tell you about this, did he? Take it. It will prove to them that I don't want to hurt you. If you convince them then I can explain everything. 
 (Michael leaves with the alien book. Nasedo materializes out of the wall.) 
 Nasedo : How could you bring them up here like this? You know the Special Unit is close. You saw that camera. Who do you think put it on them in the first place? Our friend, Pierce. 
 Tess : Oh yeah, so why don't you just kill him? According to Max, you've done that before. 
 Nasedo : What has he been telling you? You're going to trust him over me? Listen, you and I have spent a lot of time together. Now I don't want to say we're family… 
 Tess : You're not my family. You never will be. Max, Michael and Isabel are. 
 Nasedo : Fine. Go have your little reunion. If I have to kill people, I kill people. Pierce is dangerous. You all still need me if you expect to survive him. 
 Tess : You're really scared of Pierce, aren't you? More than the others. 
 Nasedo : He's smarter. He's closer to the four of you than anyone's ever been. 
 (At an undisclosed location. Someone is watching a video of Isabel and Michael in Michael's apartment supposedly taken with the hidden surveillance camera.) 
 Isabel : That would mean that each of us has this information in some part of us we're just not conscious of. 
 Michael : Or Liz is getting the messages from somewhere or someone else. 
 Isabel : Nasedo? 
 (Tape rewinds.) 
 Michael : …messages from somewhere or someone else. 
 Isabel : Nasedo? 
 (Credits.) 
 (In the desert, Max Michael and Isabel are looking through the alien book.) 
 Michael : You knew about this all along. 
 Max : Liz and I saw Tess take it from the library. 
 Isabel : It's some kind of strange language. 
 Michael : Why would you keep something like this from us? 
 Isabel : Oh my god! 
 Max : What? 
 Isabel : This is me! 
 Michael : It's all of us. 
 Isabel : How did they know what we would look like? 
 Michael : ‘Cause we were designed. 
 Max : That's impossible, Michael. 
 Michael : Whether you want to face it or not, we weren't born, we were engineered. 
 Max : Do you understand what you're saying? What that means we are? I won't believe that. 
 Isabel : I think he's right. I mean, we're paired just like in the pods. Max and Tess, me and Michael. 
 Max : No, I belong with Liz. 
 Michael : Not according to this. 
 Isabel : All that stuff Tess was talking about: signals and destiny, that's what this is. You and me and the baby, that what this is. 
 Max : The what? 
 Michael : Isabel thinks she's having a kid. 
 Max : Yours? Now who's keeping things from who? 
 Isabel : It's not what you think. We were never really together. It all happened in those dreams we were having. 
 Max : You can't get pregnant from a dream. 
 Isabel : How do you know? We don't know how we get pregnant. All I know is that something is happening inside of my body, and we don't know what it is. 
 Michael : I'm going to Tess. She's the one person who could tell us what the hell is going on. 
 Max : No. You can't just go asking her things. We can't trust her any more than we can trust Nasedo. 
 Michael : They may be the only ones who can help us. Max. 
 Max : I'll go. Look at the pictures. If she is going to talk to anyone, it'll be me. 
 Isabel : I thought you just said we can't trust her. 
 Max : Who said anything about trusting her? 
 Isabel : What are you saying? 
 Max : I'm going to get her to tell me what's happening to you no matter what. 
 (In a hallway at school.) 
 Tess : I had a feeling one of you would come. I'm glad it was you. 
 Max : Michael said you wanted us to trust you, so here I am. 
 Tess : What changed your mind? 
 Max : (He shows her the alien book.) I want to know what's in it. I want to know everything. 
 Tess : Are you sure? 
 Max : I've thought about it. I'm ready. 
 Tess : Let's go somewhere. 
 (In Sheriff Valenti's office.) 
 Deputy : Here's that file you wanted. 
 Sheriff : Anything interesting? 
 Deputy : Checks out, Sheriff. Edward M Harding, civilian consultant, transferred here from Ft. McClellan near Birmingham, AL. Before that, US Army Material Command in Alexandria, VA. Divorced, one child. 
 Fisher : Sheriff? 
 Sheriff : Can I help you? 
 Fisher : Uuh, Deputy Fisher. You requested me. 
 Sheriff : Come again? 
 Fisher : Deputy Dave Fisher. Sent down from Santa Fe. Uuh, took me off traffic violations, told me you needed more bodies. 
 Sheriff : I requested an extra man about six months ago; they said they didn't have any money in the budget. 
 Fisher : I guess they found some. 
 Sheriff : Listen, Deputy, I think I've got the traffic around here pretty much under control, so why don't you scoot on back to Santa Fe? 
 Fisher : With all due respect sir, I do have my orders. And I just put a deposit down on an apartment this morning, they've already outfitted me and… 
 Sheriff : All right, all right. We'll straighten this out later. 
 Fisher : Thank you. Is there anything I can do in the meantime to help you? 
 Sheriff : Yeah. Coffee's been getting that metallic taste lately. Maybe you could wash out the pot. 
 Fisher : Yes sir. Thank you. 
 Sheriff : Get Santa Fe on the phone. He'd better be who he says he is. 
 (In the kitchen at the Crashdown.) 
 Isabel : What if Max doesn't find anything out, or he does and it's than we thought? 
 Michael : Let' not go there until we know something. 
 Isabel : Oh god, Michael, I'm so scared. 
 Michael : You have Max, and you have me. 
 Isabel : I don't even know who you are anymore. I mean, are you my brother or my mate? I can't forget that dream, can you? You were so happy Michael. I've never seen you that happy. 
 Michael : Well, I've never been that happy before. (Maria overhears.) 
 Isabel : Is that what you want? 
 Michael : I don't know. 
 Isabel : Well, what is this going to do to everyone else: You and Maria, me and Alex? 
 Michael : Let's not think about that right now. I just want you to know that I'm not going to let you go through this alone. It's my baby too. Maybe this is the way things are meant to be. ‘K? 
 (On the street, Nasedo disguised as Mr. Harding slips into an alley and is followed by a guy in a suit.) 
 Nasedo : I was hoping it would be one of you. I need to send a message to Agent Pierce. (He kills the agent.) 
 (In the desert.) 
 Tess : I know it must have been a surprise finding out about me. 
 Max : We knew there was someone out there, but we thought it was Nasedo. So you do know him, then. 
 Tess : He was there when I came out of the pod, and he's taken care of me ever since. 
 Max : So he's our father? 
 Tess : Not really, Max. 
 Max : Then who is he? 
 Tess : I don't even know. I've been with him for ten years but everywhere we go, he changes into somebody different. 
 Max : Why? 
 Tess : Because we can't get caught. That's how we've survived. 
 Max : Why can he shape shift and we can't? 
 Tess : Because he doesn't have a human body like us, Max. He needs to hide who he really is. 
 Max : What does he really look like? 
 Tess : He's never let me see. Never lets me close to him at all. 
 Max : He's all you've ever had? 
 Tess : Yeah. 
 Max : That must have been hard. 
 Tess : It's been really lonely. He doesn't have a human side at all. 
 Max : I don't know what it would have been like for me if I didn't have Michael and Isabel. 
 Tess : But it's ok, ‘cause I found you. I mean all of you. 
 Max : The pictures in the book. The four of us, what do they mean? 
 Tess : You know what they mean, you feel it. 
 Max : I know I'm drawn to you. But I don't … I don't know you. 
 Tess : But you do, because we're the same. You knew me before you met me. 
 Max : What about the dreams? 
 Tess : You're having dreams? 
 Max : Sometimes. 
 Tess : About you and me? 
 Max : If we were together in a dream, does that mean… is that how we… mate? 
 Tess : No. We have to do it the human way. I hope that doesn't disappoint you. The dreams are to awaken us, to show us how it's meant to be. Do you understand? 
 Max : I think I do. 
 (At the Crashdown. Nasedo in the guise of Max comes in. NOTE: Nasedo remains Max for the rest of the episode.) 
 Nasedo : Liz, let's go. 
 Liz : Max. What's going on? 
 Nasedo : I'll tell you later. I'll tell you everything. But we've got to go, now. 
 Liz : Max, I'm just about to start my shift. 
 Nasedo : This is important. 
 Liz : Ok. Well, I guess… I guess I could leave for just a little while, let me just go tell Maria. 
 Nasedo : No. Don't. I'm tired of reporting to everybody. It's always been the six of us no matter what we do. This time I want it to be just me and you. We need this, Liz. 
 Liz : ‘K. 
 (Maria watches them leave. Max pulls up across the street in the jeep with Tess.) 
 Max : I have a lot to think about. 
 Tess : Take your time. I'm here for you. 
 (On the other side of the road.) 
 Liz : What's up with the jeep. 
 Nasedo : Transmission needs some work so they gave me this rental. 
 Liz : Where are we going? 
 Nasedo : It's a surprise. 
 (They drive off down the road.) 
 Liz : So tell me. 
 Nasedo : Tell you what? 
 Liz : Tell me everything. Isn't that what you said you were going to tell me? 
 Nasedo : I just wanted you to know, Liz, that nobody will ever come between us. Nobody. 
 Liz : Tell me something I don't know. (She kisses him.) 
 Nasedo : Well, if you keep that up, I'm going to have to pull over. 
 Liz : Is that a threat, or is that a promise? 
 (They pull of the road, and kiss. Liz gets a flash of black and white, desert, lightening, a dead woman… She breaks the kiss.) 
 Nasedo : What? 
 Liz : Nothing. 
 (Behind the Crashdown.) 
 Maria : Hey. Look, I heard something, and I gotta ask you about it, and I hope that the answer is some alien thing, ‘cause I can't imagine any other explanation that you could give… 
 Michael : What are you talking about? 
 Maria : The baby, Michael. 
 Michael : I can't talk about that. 
 Maria : Wait. You owe me an explanation, Michael. 
 Michael : It's not what you think. 
 Maria : Ok. I thought that you and Isabel were brother and sister. I mean, isn't that what you've always said? Now suddenly, you're sleeping together? 
 Michael : No, we're not sleeping together. 
 Maria : Really. Then how is there a baby? 
 Michael : I don't know. 
 Maria : How do you not know? 
 Michael : I just don't know. I don't know anything anymore. I mean I don't know what the hell it means; I don't know what I'm feeling… 
 Maria : Wait a minute. Feeling? Now you have feelings for her? 
 Michael : Maria, this isn't about you or me or our stupid relationship. This is about Isabel. Something is happening to her, and that's all I care about. 
 (Inside the Crashdown.) 
 Alex : So, I heard you have a situation. 
 Isabel : Who told you? 
 Alex : Maria. 
 Isabel : Maria knows? 
 Alex : Look, I just want you to know that if you're having trouble dealing with it, I'm here. 
 Isabel : Alex, you have no idea what's going on. 
 Alex : Does Michael love you? 
 Isabel : It's not that simple. 
 Alex : It should be. 
 Isabel : Alex, would you stop! We're not dealing with some troubled teen pregnancy, ok? We're talking about alien babies. 
 Alex : Don't you think I know that? Don't you think I've known that from the start? That if I decided to go forward with this that things might get weird. Look, you said that you were ready for a relationship. Whatever's going on now, I know that you meant it. I know that it was real. 
 Isabel : It was. It was real. 
 Alex : I'll be here when you need me. 
 (At Sheriff Valenti's office. Deputy Fisher is going through the Sheriff's file cabinet.) 
 Sheriff : What the hell are you doing, Deputy? 
 Fisher : Working the files… 
 Sheriff : That's private. 
 Fisher : I was just organizing them, sir. Color-coding them. 
 Sheriff : Your commanding officer in Santa Fe said that you're a bit of an overachiever. Listen, kid, from now on, just do as you're asked. Nothing more. 
 Fisher : Yes sir. Look Sheriff, I know you don't really want me around here, but I can prove to you… 
 Sheriff : You don't have to prove anything. 
 Fisher : Just like my father used to say. 
 Sheriff : Well, I'm not your father. 
 Fisher : I know, sir, but he was a sheriff, too. 
 Sheriff : Oh yeah? Where abouts? 
 Fisher : Las Vegas. 
 Sheriff : Tough job. Corruption, casinos… 
 Fisher : No, no, no. Las Vegas, New Mexico. But anyway, my daddy, he's gone now. He died in the line of duty. But umm… 
 Sheriff : Sorry. 
 Fisher : No. He always used to tell me, ‘Son, you got nothing to prove.' But he was wrong. A father sets a fine example like that for his son, it's only right he should try to live up to it. 
 Sheriff : I suppose. 
 Fisher : That your boy? 
 Sheriff : Yeah. 
 Fisher : He got any interest in the badge? 
 Sheriff : No. 
 Fisher : That's a shame. 
 Sheriff : You know, you did such a great job on that coffee pot, how'd you like to work on my truck? 
 Fisher : I'll get right on this, sir. 
 
 
 
 (At the Crashdown. Michael puts a glass of milk in front of Isabel.) 
 Michael : Calcium. 
 Isabel : Michael, this can't be. 
 Michael : I know. But why not? 
 (Max comes in and sits down.) 
 Max : Isabel, you're not pregnant. 
 Isabel : Are you sure? 
 Max : Tess says the dreams are just to guide us in our destinies. She says the constellations have aligned and awakened our biological drives but the usual methods still apply. You can't get pregnant from a dream. It's good news right? 
 Isabel : Yeah. 
 Michael : Really good news. What about this destiny thing? I mean are we still meant to pair up? You and Tess, me and Isabel? 
 Max : That's our choice. Michael. 
 Michael : I saw the book, Max, I'm not sure we have much to say about it. 
 Max : We control our own lives. I won't let any book tell me what to do. 
 Isabel : Well at least it's all over for now, right? 
 Michael : Yeah. Umm, I got someone to talk to. (To Maria.) False alarm, no baby. 
 Maria : Is Isabel all right? 
 Michael : Yeah. 
 Maria : Thank god. 
 Michael : Listen, that thing I said about our relationship being stupid, I didn't mean it. 
 Maria : Well, then, you shouldn't have said it. 
 Max : What, so everyone knows, even Liz? 
 Maria : You didn't tell Liz? 
 Max : I haven't seen her since this morning. 
 Maria : What are you talking about? You picked her up an hour ago. I saw you guys leave. 
 Max : I didn't pick her up. I just got here. 
 Maria : Max, I saw you. 
 (Going down the road.) 
 Liz : So, uhh, how… how long are we going to be gone, anyway? 
 Nasedo : How long do you want to be gone? 
 Liz : I really shouldn't miss too much more of my shift. 
 Nasedo : That's the least of our worries. 
 Liz : Did Tess do something to you? 
 (They pull over. Nasedo goes to the trunk as Liz's phone rings.) 
 Liz : Hello? 
 Max : Liz, it's me. 
 Liz : Who is this? 
 Max : It's me, Max. I don't know who you're with, but we're at the CrashDown. Tell us where you are. Liz? Liz? (Nasedo takes the phone from her and listens in.) Liz are you there? It's Max. (He hangs up.) 
 Nasedo : Now you know. 
 (He's dumped the body of the agent he killed earlier on the side of the road. They drive off.) 
 (Outside the Crashdown.) 
 Maria : I can't believe this. I can't believe Nasedo has her. 
 Max : We've got to find out where they are. 
 Alex : How are we going to do that? 
 Max : We've got to go to Valenti. 
 Michael : And tell him what? There's two Maxes. The good one's right here, but please help us catch his evil twin. 
 Alex : That's not what he means. 
 Michael : Then what are we going to say? 
 Max : I don't care what we say. Liz's life is at stake. Valenti is the only one with the resources. He could put out and APB, he can contact other towns. 
 Isabel : If we tell him, he'll know everything. 
 Max : I don't care anymore. 
 Michael : You can't make this decision by yourself, Max. Not this time. 
 Isabel : We all have to agree. 
 Max : Since when? Weren't you the one who went off with Topolski by yourself? Liz's life is in danger, and suddenly we've got rules. 
 Michael : No, there's always been rules: Tell no one. You're the one who broke that. You're not going to do that again. 
 Maria : Wait, wait, maybe we don't. Ok look, as far as Valenti knows, there's only one Max. That's you. So as far as he knows, you've taken Liz. 
 (At Valenti's office.) 
 Sheriff : What do you mean he's taken Liz? 
 Maria : Well, at first she wanted to go with him, thinking it was like a romantic getaway. 
 Alex : Yeah, but then he started getting strange. You know, at least that's what she said when she called us. 
 Maria : Yeah. She said that… that he was scaring her and that she wanted to go home but he wouldn't let her. 
 Alex : It's like he's kidnapped her or something. 
 Maria : Sheriff, I'm really scared. I mean, you know I wouldn't be here if I wasn't. 
 (Going down the road. Nasedo is talking into Liz's phone.) 
 Nasedo : Hello. FBI? Yes, Agent Pierce, please. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know there's no Agent Pierce. Just let him know that I left him a little clue on Highway 380 to Hondo. Near mile marker 67. 
 Liz : Are you going to kill me, too? 
 Nasedo : Not as long as I still need you. 
 Liz : Do you have to be Max? 
 Nasedo : Oh, I like it. Being him. Being 17. I don't think you'd have been as friendly to Ed Harding. 
 Liz : That was you? 
 Nasedo : I've been a lot of different people you don't even know about. But right now, Max Evans is my most important role. 
 Liz : Why? 
 Nasedo : Because I'm the bait. Pierce is looking for Max, and I'm going to draw him to me. 
 Liz : So why do you even need me? 
 Nasedo : You're my collateral, my hostage. 
 Liz : What kind of hostage am I? Pierce would just kill me. 
 Nasedo : Oh, there's a thought. Actually, he wouldn't. See, he knows what Max did to you at the CrashDown that day. He wants you alive. You see, he need answers. You could come in extremely handy in terms of my survival, and even if you don't, you've been fantastic company. Time to leave another clue. 
 (They drive into a gas station. Nasedo leaves a silver handprint on one pump, and causes another one to explode as they drive away.) 
 (On the street in Roswell. Michael grabs Tess by the arm.) 
 Tess : Michael! 
 Michael : What's going on? 
 Tess : What are you talking about? 
 Michael : You know what I'm talking about. Nasedo has Liz. 
 Tess : I didn't know. 
 Michael : The hell you didn't. You want us to trust you, but how can we if you don't tell us what you know. 
 Tess : I can't tell you what I don't know. 
 Michael : Hey, Valenti is involved now. If this thing goes the wrong way, he'll know everything, and that puts us all in danger, including you. Now, get in the jeep. 
 Tess : Michael, you don't know who you're dealing with. 
 Michael : No, but you do, and that's why you're coming with us. 
 (At Sheriff Valenti's office.) 
 Sheriff : (on the phone) Right. 
 Fisher : Sir, there's a report on line three, says a young couple was spotted at a gas station. There was a freak accident, a tank exploded. And they found some kind of weird silver handprint. They're faxing over security cam pictures. 
 Sheriff : Where was this? 
 Fisher : 380 West, just outside of Hondo. Hey, Sheriff, do you need me to come along with you? 
 Sheriff : Nope. That won't be necessary, Deputy. 
 Fisher : Ok, sir. 
 Sheriff : You wait here for the security cam pictures to come through. 
 Fisher : Yes sir. (The sheriff drives off, and the jeep speeds after him.) Whoa, wait, slow down. Where are you going in such a hurry? 
 Max : Nowhere, officer. I'm really sorry. 
 Fisher : Well, I think you're just going to have to learn to slow down. 
 Isabel : You know, you're so right, officer. And we promise never to do it again. 
 Fisher : Good enough, this time. But I'll be watching. 
 (In Valenti's office, Deputy Fisher looks at the fax picture of Nasedo and Liz.) 
 (At a carnival, Liz and Nasedo are at a booth.) 
 Nasedo : Where's the pea? Pick one. Pick one. Don't believe everything you see. 
 Liz : What are we doing here? 
 Nasedo : We're waiting for Pierce to connect the dots. 
 Liz : And when he gets here, what are you going to do to him? You know, and then you won't need me anymore, right? God, don't you think Max is already on his way to find me? 
 Nasedo : Now why would he be doing that? 
 Liz : Because he cares about me. But you don't understand that, do you? You… you don't care about anyone. 
 Max : All I care about is protecting them. No one else matters. 
 (On the road, Valenti pulls up to where a couple of agents are collecting the dead body.) 
 Sheriff : What's going on here? 
 Agent : We have it under control, Sheriff. 
 (A little further back down the road.) 
 Tess : You can't deny this, any of you. It's our destiny. It's what we were planned for. Even if you don't want to believe me, you can't hide from the truth. 
 Max : It's not about the four of us right now, it's about Liz. 
 Tess : Liz is human. She has nothing to do with us. 
 Max : No, you have nothing to do with us. 
 Tess : Michael, is that what you think? Isabel? 
 (Back at the dead body.) 
 Sheriff : This is my county. I demand to know what's happening. 
 Agent : Go away Sheriff. This is a matter of national security. 
 Max : Is that them? Is that Liz? 
 Tess : Don't stop. Don't even slow down. It's not her. Those men are from the Special Unit. Just drive. 
 Isabel : How do you know? 
 Tess : I've been running from them all my life and now they're after you, too. Just go. 
 (At the Carnival.) 
 Liz : I don't believe you. 
 Nasedo : It's true, Tess and Max were made to be together. 
 Liz : But you don't even know what Max and I have. You know, ever since he saved my life at the CrashDown, he changed me. We saw into each other's souls. 
 Person at the Carnival : I don't believe in that hokey. There's no such thing as aliens. 
 Nasedo : Time for the final clue. 
 (As Nasedo blasts the person with a light that goes up into the sky, Liz sneaks away.) 
 (At the dead body, Sheriff Valenti and the FBI guy spot the light. Valenti gets into his truck. Max, Michael, Isabel and Tess, who pulled over to wait for Valenti, also spot the light.) 
 Tess : Oh my god, I know what he's doing. He's leading Pierce right to him. 
 Max : And to Liz. 
 Michael : Why? 
 Tess : He wants to kill him. 
 Max : Let's go. 
 Tess : We can't. 
 Max : Yes we can. 
 Tess : Do you have any idea what Pierce would do if he gets a hold of one of us? 
 Max : He's going to get to Liz if we don't get there first. 
 Tess : Nasedo will take care of Pierce. 
 Max : I can't take that chance. I'm not going to let anything happen to Liz. 
 (At the Carnival, Liz isn't very successful at eluding Nasedo. He follows her into a Mirror Maze. Sheriff Valenti spots him going in, and follows him.) 
 Max : This is where the light was coming from. We've got to split up and look for Valenti; he'll lead us to Liz. 
 (Max sees the Sheriff going into the Mirror Maze and follows him in. Now everyone is wandering around in the maze. They can see each other in the mirrors, but don't try to communicate until Max comes face to face with Nasedo.) 
 Nasedo : What are you doing? Get out of here. 
 Max : Where's Liz? 
 Nasedo : Pierce doesn't care about her; he only wants me. 
 Max : He wants her, too. He wants all of us. I'm not leaving without her. 
 Nasedo : I won't let him take you. 
 Liz : Max! 
 Max : Liz. (A glass wall separates them.) Get out of here. 
 Liz : Not without you. Max! Behind you! 
 (Two FBI guys are in the mirrors behind him. He runs off. Nasedo appears on Liz's side of the glass.) 
 Nasedo : I've got to get you out of here. 
 (Valenti spots Max in front of him.) 
 Sheriff : Max? 
 Fisher : Right behind you, Sheriff. 
 (Valenti turns, and there's Fisher with his gun drawn on Max, along with the FBI guys. Valenti shoots at the mirrors.) 
 Fisher : Sheriff. Sheriff, it's me, Fisher, what are… 
 (Valenti continues to look for Max. He spots him just as the two FBI guys grab him. Nasedo and Liz appear then and also see Max. They run out of the maze and over to a bus.) 
 Nasedo : Right in here. 
 Liz : Max, are you all right? (She kisses him and gets another black and white flash.) You're not Max. 
 Nasedo : No I'm not. And now I've got to get him back. (Nasedo shape-shifts into a clown and runs into the crowd.) 
 (Liz runs off of the bus, and into Isabel, Michael and Tess.) 
 Liz : Oh god. 
 Isabel : Liz. Liz! 
 Liz : They have Max. They have Max. 
 (Michael hugs her.) 
 (In an all white room with no doors or windows, Max is pacing and banging on the walls.) 
 (In an observation room.) 
 Agent : They want to know when you'd like to start the tests. 
 Fisher : Tomorrow morning. Let him get some sleep. 
 Agent : Yes sir, Agent Pirce. 
 (End of Episode.) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 