Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Heat Wave - Roswell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Heat Wave https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=27&t=4744 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/25/02 03:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Heat Wave 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 "Heat Wave" 
 Episode : 9 
9th Episode of Roswell 
 Season : 1 
 Production Code : 1ADA08 
 Written by : Jason Katims 
 Original Air Date : Wednesday December 1, 1999 
 
 (Episode begins in the Crashdown Cafe at night. Maria is cleaning the restaurant area downstairs and Liz is studying upstairs. Liz eats a doughnut and goes to the fridge to get some milk, but there isn't much left. We see Maria turn around facing the entrance of the Crashdown - Michael is outside looking in. Maria opens the door and Michael enters. Michael and Maria start kissing and things get a bit steamy between them. Liz, who comes downstairs looking for something to drink, hears noises and slowly peeks into the main part of the restaurant and sees Maria and Michael together on the counter) 
 (Opening credits) 
 DJ : It's 7:36, and it's another white hot day in this bizarre December heat wave. We're already pushing 90 at the silos and, at this rate... 
 Voice-Over : It's December 2nd, 1999. I'm Liz Parker, and this heat wave has made everyone crazy. 
 (Liz walks through the halls at school seeing everyone coupled with someone else) 
 Voice-Over : Heat expands, melts, makes things boil, sets things on fire. And seeing the effect of this heat all around me just pointed out in this really blatant way how my life wasn't expanding...that I was stuck. 
 (We see Michael and Maria making out in the janitor's closet) 
 Maria : Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I'm dying here. This is so uncharacteristic. 
 (Liz comes out of a classroom and runs into Kyle) 
 Kyle : Liz. 
 Liz : Hi, Kyle. 
 Kyle : Hi. You know Vicky Delaney. 
 Liz : Oh, sure. Hi, Vicky. How's it going? 
 Vicky : Really good actually. Um, hey, Kyle and I are going to this thing on Friday night. You should come. 
 Kyle : No no, see, that's not Liz's kind of thing... 
 Liz : A party? 
 Vicky : Yeah, it's at the old soap factory. It should be pretty wild. 
 Liz : Is that even legal? 
 Kyle : See? I told ya it wasn't your kind of thing. So... 
 Liz : You know, um, a party on Friday really sounds great. Um, so maybe I'll just see you two there. 
 Vicky : See? I told ya she'd be cool. 
 Liz : Later. 
 Kyle : Right. 
 (Liz walks off and sees Alex being led by Valenti into the Principal's office) 
 Sheriff : So, you and Ms. Topolsky... 
 Alex : ...went over my schedule for next semester. 
 Sheriff : And there was nothing that seemed odd about her behavior that day? 
 ALEX; No, sir. 
 (Liz is looking for Max and finds him in the library) 
 Liz : Hi. I've been looking for you all over. I just saw Valenti talking to Alex. They were in the principal's office. 
 Max : What did Alex say to him? 
 Liz : I haven't been able to find him yet. Not that he'll really talk to me once I do. 
 Max : Liz, i'm sorry. 
 Liz : It's ok. It's not your fault, you know? I'm just a little bit worried right now. He won't talk to Maria or me, you know? I've never even seen him like this before. Oh, but there is one piece of good news. Kyle started seeing someone. Vicky Delaney. 
 Max : Oh. 
 Liz : So maybe she's gonna take his mind off all of his suspicions. 
 Max : Right. 
 Liz : Right. Oh, and apparently it's gotten really serious. Because they're going to this party together on Friday night. You know, at the old soap factory. 
 Max : Right. 
 Liz : It's kinda funny, isn't it? You know, how people have started pairing up and moving forward. Um...have you noticed anything strange about Michael lately? 
 Max : What do you mean? 
 Liz : Maybe just the way he acts around Maria. You know, have you observed any differences in his behavior at all? 
 Max : Are you saying there's something going on between Michael and Maria? 
 Liz : No, I'm not. I'm not saying that. Would it be bad if there were? 
 Max : Yes! I mean...I don't know. 
 (Outside Topolsky's office, Maria's mom is making a scene) 
 Amy : Ok, I need to speak to someone with some kind of authority. Cuz this is unacceptable. I demand to know what's going on here. Not tomorrow, not the next day, right now! 
 Clerk : I'll see what I can do. 
 (Amy turns around and sees Sheriff Valenti) 
 Amy : Oh, jeez. 
 Sheriff : Amy De Luca. 
 Amy : Hello, Sheriff. 
 Sheriff : So, ya stayin' out of the slammer? 
 Amy : Oh, very amusing. 
 Sheriff : What are you doing here? 
 Amy : This Topolsky woman calls me up, leaves me this cryptic message that I need to come in here and discuss my daughter's future. And then when I get here, they tell me she's...well, the word they use is "disappeared". You know, I carve time out of my hectic schedule to meet her. 
 Sheriff : You know, being a single parent myself, I know how difficult that can be. 
 Amy : Really? Well, it looks like we finally have something in common. 
 Sheriff : Will wonders never cease? 
 Amy : (chuckles) Yeah. 
 (Amy and Valenti walk off in opposite directions) 
 (Liz is trying to talk to Alex as he's going towards his bicycle) 
 Liz : Alex! Alex, please wait. Will you just give me a chance? 
 Alex : What? 
 Liz : Let's just try and talk. 
 Alex : What do you want from me? More blood? A urine sample? How about my kidney? 
 Liz : Alex, I just want you to be my friend again. 
 Alex : No, you don't. You just want to protect Max Evans from whatever it is you're protecting him from. This has nothing to do with our friendship. 
 Liz : No, that's not true. 
 Alex : You said that you were going to tell me what was going on, and you didn't, all right? I trusted you! 
 Liz : Alex, I know. 
 Alex : So just tell me now then, all right? Just tell me, and it'll be ok. 
 Liz : I can't. 
 Alex : It's amazing. You wanna know what? A couple weeks ago, if someone were to ask me who I would trust with my life other than my parents, I would have said you without skipping a beat. And now...now I feel like I don't even know who you are. 
 Liz : Alex, I want to tell you, I do, but...it's not my secret to tell. Alex, I need to know what you told Sheriff Valenti. 
 Alex : I want to tell ya, Liz...but it's not my secret to tell. 
 (Alex rides off on his bicycle) 
 (The following scenes are of Liz and Maria talking to each other in the girl's bathroom, and Max and Michael talking to each other in the men's room) 
 Liz : What are ya doin'? 
 Maria : Nothing. 
 Liz : Maria, it's 105 degrees outside, and you're wearing a turtleneck. 
 Maria : So? 
 Liz : Here. Try this. I saw you and Michael together at the Crashdown the other night. 
 Max : Hey, Michael. 
 Michael : Max. 
 Max : How's it goin'? 
 Michael : Decent. 
 Max : Listen, I was just wondering if we could talk about something. 
 Michael : Sure. 
 Max : Just in terms of you and Maria. There isn't...I mean, nothing's been going on between you two...has there? 
 Maria : We were just sucking face. 
 Liz : Look, I am sure that you're saying to yourself, "just go for it", right? I mean, sure, you see everyone else going for it. Suddenly there is this heat wave, and everybody is going for it. 
 Michael : I just figured, go for it, you know? I don't know what I was thinkin'. 
 Max : You know, I just thought we had guidelines about this. We agreed to discuss before we acted on any...you know, urges. 
 Michael : Well, I hate to tell you this, Max, but when i have urges, you're not exactly the first person I think about. 
 Max : Yeah, I realize that. But the point is, we can't let things spin out of control. I mean, sure, it starts as a kiss... 
 Michael : It's more than that. 
 Max : How much more? 
 Michael : I don't know, Max. It feels so wrong, but it feels so good. 
 Liz : It feels good? What is going on here? You and Michael. Kyle and Vicky. Ms. Hardy and Mr. Krewlick. Look, the point here, Maria, is that I don't see you and Michael together. Do you two talk or do you just like... 
 Maria : Of course, we talk. 
 (Maria and Michael are making out in another room) 
 Maria : Shouldn't we like, talk or something? 
 Michael : About what? 
 Maria : I don't know, you kinda just pulled me and dragged me in here. Shouldn't we at least like exchange pleasantries? 
 Michael : How're ya doin'? 
 Maria : Fine, and you? So, did you hear about this party Friday night at the old soap factory? 
 Michael : I guess. 
 Maria : Are you gonna go? 
 Michael : I don't know. 
 Maria : You don't know? 
 Michael : Friday's like years from now. 
 (Amy De Luca is trying to sell cocktail stirrers with alien faces at the tips to Jeff Parker at the Crashdown Cafe) 
 Jeff : So, um, what are these guys? 
 Amy : Cocktail stirrer. Take a gross. People love them. 
 Jeff : Hmm....ok. 
 Amy : And this one glows in the dark. 
 Jeff : Get out of here. Really? 
 Amy : Yes. 
 (Sheriff Valenti walks in) 
 Amy : Sheriff, uh... 
 Sheriff : Hi. I stopped by your shop. They told me you were here. 
 Amy : Oh, nothing's wrong? 
 Sheriff : No, nothing's wrong. It's just, uh... 
 Sheriff  (to Jeff): It's kinda personal. 
 Jeff : Oh. (chuckles) 
 (Mr. Parker leaves Mrs. De Luca and Sheriff Valenti alone) 
 Sheriff : Um...Amy...listen, about what happened. It's just, uh...I realize it was a long time ago, and I just want to make sure that you know that...I was just doing my job. 
 Amy : Oh, yeah. Well, I appreciate the sentiment, Sheriff, but it did scar me for life and all, so... 
 Sheriff : You were breaking the law. You were stopping honest, hard-working people from doing their jobs. 
 Amy : Those honest hard-working people were destroying a 200-year-old piece of Native American architecture...raping our town of its history. 
 Sheriff : Amy, the Native Americans wanted that thing torn down more than anybody. 
 Amy : That's not the point. 
 Sheriff : Well, it is kinda the point... 
 Amy : There were more than 20 of us out there that day. I was 18. Naive. Clueless. Why did you pick on me? 
 Sheriff : Cuz you were cute. 
 Amy : Cute? 
 Sheriff : You were wearing the cowboy boots and a little skirt. Well, I had to arrest somebody, so... 
 (Amy laughs nervously) 
 Amy : Well, I don't know what to say. I'm outraged. I am now outraged. You are looking at an outraged woman. Sorry. It must be the heat. 
 Sheriff : I just, uh...I just wanted to apologize. It's good to see you again, Amy. 
 Amy : (chuckles) Well... 
 (Maria walks in) 
 Maria : Mom. What are you doing here? 
 Amy : Oh, hi Maria. Um, you know Jim. 
 Maria : Jim? 
 (Liz and Isabel are painting toenails together) 
 Liz : So, um, what about guys? Cuz it kinda seems that you've got all these guys in school interested in you...like, practically every single one of them, but you kinda tend to keep pretty platonic. 
 Isabel : Have you been researching me or something? 
 Liz : No, I haven't been researching you. I just...I don't know, I was just kind of curious if there was a reason you don't move forward with any of it. If it's because of the fact that-- 
 Isabel : Are you afraid...I mean, to let someone in? To let someone see who you really are? 
 Liz : Yeah, of course I am. 
 Isabel : Well, multiply that by about a million. 
 Liz : Yeah, right. 
 (Isabel glances over and sees that Liz is using clear nail polish. She touches her index finger to one of Liz's sandals) 
 Isabel : Open your hand. 
 (Isabel touches Liz's bottle of nail polish and the color turns into a shade of blue, matching Liz's sandals) 
 Isabel : At least we can do cool stuff like that. 
 Isabel : So, what's going on with your little friend Alex? 
 Liz : Yeah, he's pretty upset. 
 Isabel : Well, you've known him forever. What's the bottom line? Is he gonna cave? 
 Liz : I don't know. I kinda wish i knew what was going on inside of him. 
 Isabel : I'll look into it. 
 Liz : What do you mean you're gonna "look into it"? 
 Isabel : Nothing. Forget it. 
 (Isabel goes to sleep using her power. She touches a picture of Alex in a yearbook and falls asleep. She wakes up in Alex's dream and follows him into this ballroom. Alex is waiting for his date and to Isabel's surprise, Alex's dream date is Isabel) 
 Singer : We'll take it from here. 
 Dream Isabel : Hello, Alex. 
 Alex : Hello. 
 Dream Isabel : Thank you for inviting me. 
 Alex : My pleasure. I've been watching you and all you do for quite some time knowing all the ins and outs of you. I should have known what was on your mind but all the world is spinning round and round inside my head tonight. 
 Dream Isabel : You really think of me? 
 Alex : I think that underneath that beautiful exterior is an even more beautiful interior. But I have a feeling that not too many people get to see that interior, do they? 
 Dream Isabel : No, they don't. 
 Alex : Cuz it's too scary to show who you really are. You can show me. 
 Dream Isabel : I can? 
 Alex : Yeah. 
 (The next morning, Max is arguing with Isabel about using her powers to enter Alex's dream) 
 Max : I can't believe you did that. 
 Isabel : Liz couldn't control the guy. I needed to know what was going on in there. 
 Max : So, what did you find out? 
 Isabel : I told you, it was confusing. 
 Max : You were able to get in there, right? 
 Isabel : Yeah, I got in there. 
 Max : So, what happened? What was he dreaming about? 
 Isabel : Well, he's a complex individual with...a lot of complexities. 
 Max : Are you ok? 
 Isabel : Yeah. Why? 
 Max : Cuz you look a little flushed...like you're blushing. 
 Isabel : It's the heat, all right? Max, I went in there. I saw some things. I'm not exactly sure what they meant. I'm walking around in somebody's subconscious. It's not a hard science. 
 Max : Is there something you want to talk about? Did something happen in there? 
 Isabel : Look, I can take care of the Alex situation. I saw what i needed to see, which is that...out of all the people involved, I'm the one who can control him. Just a little old fashioned charm. 
 Max : You sure? 
 Isabel : Yes, I'm sure. 
 Max : You have everything... 
 Isabel : Under control. Yes. 
 (Max walks into the men's bathroom and finds Michael waiting) 
 Max : Hey. 
 Michael : Hey. 
 Max : What's wrong? Maria? 
 Michael : It has gotten complicated. Suddenly, she wants to know where I'm going after school. She wants to have conversations. She wants to talk about my feelings. And now, she wants to go to a party together. 
 Max : That thing at the old soap factory? 
 Michael : Right. Like suddenly the eraser room's not enough. I can't let this become a public thing. I mean, she should know that. But all week long I've had this weird feeling. Like I was gonna hurt her or something. That just being who I am is gonna hurt her. 
 (Max is looking for Liz and finds her in the bio lab) 
 Max : Hey. 
 Liz : Hey, what's up? I'm just trying to get these stupid slugs to mate. Ah, come on! Won't you guys just do it? 
 Max : Maybe one of 'em's gay. 
 Liz : Max, you know when you said before that we couldn't be together? That we were different? I just sort of accepted it, you know? Because I thought that it was like physically impossible. That it...that it couldn't be. But when I saw Maria with Michael...the truth is that...I was hurt, Max. Why is it ok for them, but it's not ok for us? 
 Max : Liz, I think that what I'm afraid of isn't that we try this and it works out really badly. What I'm afraid of is we try it and it works out really well. I'm afraid of feeling everything that I know I would feel. Because I know it's not meant to be. And somewhere down the line, we're gonna get hurt. I can live with that. I just couldn't bear to hurt you. 
 Liz : But that's not your decision, is it? 
 Max : I guess not. 
 Bio Teacher : Hey, Liz. How are you doing on your mating ritual? 
 Liz : I was doing just fine. 
 
 
 
 (Isabel finds Alex in a hallway at school) 
 Isabel : Hey, Alex. 
 Alex : Uh uh hi. 
 Isabel : You look good today. 
 Alex : I do? Oh, thanks. 
 Isabel : So, tonight...that party everyone's talking about, you interested? 
 Alex : Yeah. Yeah, sure. Tell me how it goes. 
 Isabel : Interested in going? 
 (Isabel unbuttons the top button on Alex's shirt) 
 Isabel : Meet me there at 8:00. 
 (At the rave at the old soap factory) 
 Liz : Maria! 
 Maria : Hey! 
 Liz : Hey. Um...have you seen Max anywhere? He was supposed to meet me here. 
 Maria : Uh, no. I'll talk to you later, ok? 
 Liz : Oh, hey, Alex! 
 Punk : All right, Octavio, let's whip this party into shape. 
 Alex : Isabel! 
 Isabel : Alex! 
 Alex : Hey! 
 Isabel : Hey! You look...you look great. 
 (Isabel unbuttons Alex's top shirt button) 
 Alex : You, too. You know, I like the way you look in red. 
 Isabel : I know you do. 
 Alex : So, listen, just to...to clarify, when...when you asked me to come to this party tonight, did you mean like come with you or...or was it more just like letting me know that this party existed, you know? Because that would be amazing in and of itself. I'm...I'm just curious. 
 Isabel : You wanna go someplace? 
 Alex : Go...go someplace? 
 Isabel : To talk. 
 Alex : Oh, talk. Yeah, sure...sure. 
 (Some punks are trying to set up a sound system) 
 Punk : Whoa! Excellent! 
 Punk : Babe-o-rama. Hey. 
 Liz : Hey. 
 Punk : Do you ever do, uh, jello shooters? 
 Liz : No, thank you. 
 Punk : Go on, try one. Maybe, uh, loosen you up. Maybe later we could check out the roof together. 
 Max : She said no, thank you. 
 Punk : Sorry, dude. Didn't know she was taken. 
 Liz : I thought maybe you changed your mind. 
 Max : I've been waiting for this for a long time. 
 (At a secluded part of the soap factory, Maria confronts Michael) 
 Maria : You've been ignoring me the whole night. Look, I'm not some pollyanna, ok? I don't think what we have is true love. I don't know what we have. I just...I don't understand why you have to avoid me. It hurts, that's all. 
 (Michael is silent) 
 Maria : Fine. Good-bye. 
 (Maria turns to leave) 
 Michael : I just don't really do this. 
 Maria : Don't do what? 
 Michael : Get intense like this. 
 Maria : I'm not getting intense. 
 Michael : Yes, you are. 
 Maria : Well, you got pretty intense the other night at the Crashdown. 
 Michael : Sorry, I can't get this involved. I'm alone, and that's the way it's gotta be. Maybe we should've never started this. 
 Maria : I'm gonna go outside and get some air. 
 (At another secluded part of the soap factory, Isabel and Alex sit down to chat) 
 Isabel : You're a really, really good guy, Alex. 
 Alex : Oh, thank you, Isabel. Thank you. 
 Isabel : No, really. I mean, most guys are just disgusting animals whose sole purpose in life is to try to maul me. But you're different. 
 Alex : I am? I mean, I am! Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just...I don't see you that way, Isabel. Not that i wouldn't want to... 
 Isabel : I think I know how you feel. 
 Alex : You do? 
 Isabel : Yeah...which is why I think I know that I can trust you. 
 Alex : Trust me? 
 Isabel : Yeah, we all can. Liz, Max, all of us. 
 Alex : So that's what this is about. 
 Isabel : What? 
 Alex : You brought me here tonight to find out what I said to Valenti? 
 Isabel : Alex... 
 Alex : Oh, how could I even believe that you were actually interested in me? Oh, I've been such a fool. 
 (Alex walks off) 
 (Max and Liz are having fun at the rave) 
 (Across town, Sheriff Valenti and Amy De Luca are having dinner together) 
 Amy : The truth is...I think I was just a bit upset when that Topolsky person called me. Maria and I aren't as close as we used to be. 
 Sheriff : I'm never sure what's going on with Kyle these days. I mean, there was a time before Michelle and I broke up... 
 Amy : I know, I know. Maria used to tell me every single detail of her life. We'd have these long, intense conversations and...you know, and now she's just so guarded, I...take the whole Alex situation... 
 Sheriff : Alex? 
 Amy : Alex Whitman. Maria, Liz, and Alex used to be inseparable. They'd go everywhere together, do everything...she hardly even speaks to him now. She has not seen him in weeks. And she won't tell me what it's about. 
 Waiter : Sheriff. Uh, there's a phone call for you. It's an emergency. 
 Sheriff : Yeah? All right. I'm on my way. 
 Sheriff  (to Amy): Amy, I am so sorry about this. There's been a disturbance across town. 
 Amy : Oh, it's ok. 
 (Max and Liz go outside for a little more privacy) 
 Max : It's uh, it's a little quieter out here. 
 Liz : Yeah. It's more private. 
 Max : So... 
 Liz : So...let's hope nothing explodes. 
 (As Liz and Max move to kiss, Kyle sees them and interrupts) 
 Kyle : Hi! Enjoying the party? 
 (Sirens sound as fire trucks and police cars arrive at the rave) 
 Max : Let's get outta here! 
 Fireman : Boys, evacuate! 
 (Liz and Max go back into the soap factory to look for Michael and Isabel) 
 Max : Let's get Michael and Isabel and get outta here! 
 Liz : Right. 
 (Liz looks for Isabel and/or Michael and runs into Alex) 
 Liz : Alex. Where's Isabel? 
 Alex : What's going on? 
 Liz : We have to get out of here. 
 Alex : What? 
 Liz : We have to get outta here. 
 Punk : Here, take these. 
 (Punk hands Liz and Alex each a bottle of liquor) 
 Alex : Liz! 
 Sheriff : I need you 2 to come with me. 
 (Sheriff arrests Liz, Alex, and the Punks as Max looks back in concern) 
 (In the jail cell, one of the punks belches) 
 Punk : Good one, dude. 
 Liz : Alex. 
 Alex : Forget it, Liz. 
 Liz : I'm really sorry. 
 Alex : Don't talk to me, please. 
 Liz : This is gonna be ok. 
 Alex : Liz, will you shut up! 
 Punk : Dude...relax. This has happened to me like 10 times, man. Your parents are gonna be here in no time. 
 Deputy : Lyons, Coleman, Kalinowski, and Baker. Rise and shine! Parents are here. 
 Punk  (to Alex): You see, I told you they'd come. Now look. They say a bond forms when you do time together. I love you, man. 
 Punk  (to Liz): Ditto. 
 Liz : I think it has to be longer than 2 hours. 
 Punk : See you around. 
 Liz : Where are our parents? 
 Sheriff : They all agreed with me. Some time in jail might make the 2 of you remember what your priorities are. Or maybe even just one of you. 
 Liz : Alex. 
 Alex : Liz... 
 Liz : No, Alex, this is not as bad as it seems, I promise. Ok, we just...the 2 of us, we need to get our stories straight. 
 Alex : Liz! I'm in jail, ok? I'm now in jail! I'm through lying! 
 Liz : Alex... 
 (Outside the police station, one of the punks is trying to convince his father that they were innocent) 
 Punk : Obviously, it's not our fault, all right. They kept the other guys, not us. 
 Isabel : He let everybody else go except Liz and Alex. We are so screwed. 
 Max : It's gonna be ok. 
 Isabel : We should have told him. 
 Max : What? 
 Isabel : Alex. We should have told him about us. I...I know this sounds crazy, Max, but I feel something about him...like, he's ok...like, we'd be better off including him. 
 (Back inside the jail cells) 
 Liz : Alex...Alex...Alex, I just need to talk to you. Uh, I just want to... 
 Alex : Let me just ask you...did you arrange that whole Isabel thing? 
 Liz : What...what Isabel thing? 
 Alex : You know, I mean, uh...her trying to seduce me into keeping quiet? 
 Liz : I don't know anything about that, Alex, I swear. 
 Alex : Cuz it's...cuz it's just low, you know? I mean, she's just low. And I'm done. I'm done protecting you...or her, or anyone else you're associated with. Cuz I'm telling Sheriff Valenti everything. Verbatim. About replacing Max's blood at the hospital, discovering Topolsky was FBI, everything. 
 Liz : No, look, look, Alex...look, listen to me. You had just...you should just know all of the facts before you do something like this. 
 Alex : Well, I thought you said it wasn't your secret to tell. 
 Liz : Alex, the reason that Isabel did whatever it is that she did is not that she's low, she's just...she's scared. 
 Alex : Scared. 
 Liz : Yes. 
 Alex : Scared of what? 
 Liz : She...she's scared of being different. 
 Alex : Oh, come on. Save it. 
 Liz : Alex...Max and Michael and Isabel, they are different from us. They're different from us in a way that, if the wrong people found out, they would be in a lot of trouble. 
 Alex : I know the whole drugs thing is a load of crap, Liz. I mean, why would the FBI be so interested in 3 kids into drugs? 
 Liz : No, Alex, listen to me. This doesn't have anything to do with drugs. Alex...Max, Michael, and Isabel...they aren't from around here. 
 Alex : Where are they from? 
 (Liz points up) 
 Alex : What? Like, Wyoming? 
 (Liz points higher up) 
 Alex : Oh...ok, fine. Canada. They're Canucks. So what, you're saying the FBI is all over them because they're like...illegal aliens? 
 Liz : Yeah, sort of. Listen, Alex...they're from somewhere else. 
 Alex : Liz, what are you talking about? 
 Liz : God, there isn't any way for me to say this, but to just...but to just say this, ok? Look, Alex...they think they were in the 1947 crash. Ok, they were like in these incubation pods for a really long time...like 40 years, and they came out in like the form of humans...and now all of these people suspect them. That's why Topolsky's here, and that's why Valenti arrested us, and that's why we're here because he knows that I'm involved. I'm really sorry, Alex, but...you're involved, too. 
 Alex : Liz, are you ok? 
 Liz : Alex...you don't even understand. The past few months have been like absolute torture lying to you. I will never, ever lie to you again. I promise. 
 (Sheriff comes down to interrogate Alex) 
 Sheriff : Whitman! Sleep all right? What say we go down to my office? 
 Alex : No. Right here. I'm ready to talk. 
 Sheriff : All right. I wanna know what your involvement is with Liz, Max, Michael, and Isabel. And I wanna know what happened with Ms. Topolsky. 
 (Alex takes a look at Liz and then looks back at Sheriff Valenti) 
 Alex : I'm ready to talk about the fact that i'm a kid. I'm 16 years old. I'm a sophomore in high school, so what could I possibly have to do with a teacher leaving? What does any of this have to do with you, anyway? 
 Sheriff : I'm just doing my job, son. 
 Alex : I was at a party! And my only wish was that while I was there, I engaged in some sort of depraved activity, like drinking or s*x, but I didn't. I didn't break any laws. 
 Sheriff : Everybody who was at that party was trespassing on private property, and both of you were minors in possession of alcohol. 
 Alex : This has nothing to do with that party, does it? Sheriff, I want out of here...right now. I demand it, or I'm going to get a lawyer and I'm going to sue for abusive treatment of a minor. I may be 16, but I know my rights. 
 (Liz and Alex come out of the police station thanks to Alex's persuasiveness) 
 Liz : Alex, you were amazing. 
 Alex : Well, yeah. Yeah, I was. 
 Liz : Uh, so...um, how do you feel? You know, about what I said? 
 Alex : Well, part of me, uh...part of me feels like you've gone insane, and the other part of me feels like I want some of the massive doses of hallucinogens you've obviously been taking. But...I don't believe in aliens. 
 Liz : Neither did I...you don't believe me, do you? 
 Alex : I believe that you believe. Leave it at that. 
 Liz : Ok. 
 (Alex and Liz hug) 
 Alex : Get home safe. 
 Liz : Ok. 
 Alex : See you at school. 
 (Alex walks off) 
 (Liz is on the roof writing in her journal) 
 Voice-Over : The heat wave finally broke and I'm probably the only person in Roswell who didn't benefit from it. But it's for the best. Because if Max Evans and I had given in to temptation, if we had kissed each other even once, it would have taken us somewhere we both know we never should have gone. 
 Max : Liz! Are you there? 
 (Liz walks over to the edge of the roof and looks down to see Max) 
 Max : Hi. 
 Liz : Hi. 
 Max : Can I come up? 
 Liz : Yeah, sure. 
 (Max climbs up the ladder very quickly) 
 Liz : Very impressive. 
 Max : I try. 
 Liz : You really can't stay long. 
 Max : I know. I just wanted to tell you that I've been thinking a lot about last night. 
 Liz : Yeah, me, too. 
 Max : When I saw Valenti taking you away like that...it just hit home for me, you know? How much knowing me has screwed up your life. 
 Liz : No, it's just the opposite. 
 Max : Thank you for saying that. 
 Liz : It's the whole truth, Max. 
 Max : I better go. 
 Liz : Why? 
 Max : Cuz if I don't go right now, things are gonna change. 
 Liz : Change, how? 
 Max : I'm gonna have to touch your hair...cuz it's so soft...and I'd have to tell you that...no matter what we go through, it's all worthwhile for me because we're together. 
 Liz : And then? 
 Max : And then...I'd have to do this... 
 (Max gives Liz a light kiss) 
 (Scene fades out as Liz and Max share a long, passionate kiss) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 