Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - Sexual Healing - Roswell 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - Sexual Healing https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=27&t=4708 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/02 03:56 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - Sexual Healing 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 "Sexual Healing" 
 Episode : 16 
16th Episode of Roswell 
 Season : 1 
 Production Code : 1ADA15 
 Written by : Jan Oxenberg 
 Original Air Date : Wednesday March 11, 2000 
 
 (Episode begins with a shot of a spot in the desert 2 miles from the crash site. Something is beeping) 
 (Switch to girls locker room at West Roswell High, where Liz is fantasizing about Max meeting her there) 
 Voice-Over : It's February 20th. I'm Liz Parker, and lately I've been having these feelings, like I'm changing inside, and part of me doesn't want to change. Part of me always wants to be my mom's little girl. But the thing is, these feelings are strong...dangerous, undeniable. It's like I have no choice. It's like...chemical. 
 (Scene shifts to the Crashdown where Liz has been sitting on a stool daydreaming about Max) 
 Maria : Liz, nice strawberries. 
 (Liz breaks out of her daydream and knocks over a basket of strawberries) 
 Maria : Are you ok? 
 Liz : Yeah, I'm...I'm fine. 
 (Max walks into the Crashdown in search of Liz) 
 Maria : You have a visitor. Mmm. Sweet. 
 (Maria walks by Max and gives him a strawberry) 
 Max : Hey. 
 Liz : Hey. 
 Max : I hope this isn't my fault. 
 Liz : Why would this be your fault? 
 Max : If I startled you. 
 Liz : No. You know, I always knock over strawberries this time of day. Always. I'm just gonna go get more berries from... 
 Max : Well, wait. Here's another one. 
 (Liz goes into the kitchen area and Max follows her) 
 Liz : What are you doin' here, Max? 
 Max : Well, I have orders from my planet to take over the Earth. 
 Liz : Besides that. 
 Max : I want to make sure we can still be friends. 
 Liz : Yeah. I mean, we are. 
 Max : Good. 
 Liz : Why wouldn't we be? 
 Max : We really haven't been able to talk since...that night. 
 Liz : Max, people do a lot of dumb things when they're drunk. Anyway, I understand. 
 Max : And we're friends? 
 Liz : Yeah. We're friends. 
 Max : Just friends? 
 Liz : Yeah. We're just friends. 
 (Liz turns around and starts to leave and Max grabs her and they start making out. As Liz becomes overwhelmed with emotion, she sees images of something flying through space) 
 (Opening credits) 
 Maria : Liz, you did not look normal. 
 Liz : I didn't feel normal, Maria. I...it was the most amazing, incredible... 
 Maria : Unbelievable, awe-inspiring... 
 Liz : No, Maria. This was different. 
 Maria : Different how? 
 Liz : Um...like beyond. 
 Maria : Wait. 
 Liz : What? 
 Maria : You guys didn't go...beyond? 
 Liz : No no no. 
 Maria : Gonna say...you were only out for 5 minutes. 
 Liz : I know. Listen, Maria, if I...when...when...when I actually do it, it is not gonna be in between a plate of Kielbasa and a deep fryer. 
 Maria : Hmm. 
 Liz : I saw things, Maria. Did you see things when you and Michael kissed? 
 Maria : What exactly did you see? 
 Liz : Stars. 
 (At school, Alex and Maria are walking down a hallway) 
 Maria : I have never seen her like this. 
 Alex : So this was like the kiss of the millennium? 
 Maria : Alex, if they actually do it, she'll probably explode. 
 Alex : Or maybe she'll explode if they don't do it. 
 (Max and Michael are also walking through a hallway at school) 
 Max : Did anything like that ever happen to Maria when you two... 
 Michael : No. Maxwell, let me assure you, you have not experienced anything I have not experienced many times or caused to be experienced. 
 Max : Then how can you call yourself my friend? 
 Michael : What? 
 Max : A friend wouldn't have kept something like that to himself. 
 (Max enters Astronomy class and his face lights up as he looks at Liz and sits next to her) 
 Astro Teacher : Ok, people. Hydrogen, oxygen, carbon. Created in the millisecond after the Big Bang. These simple molecules are the basis of all possible life forms in the universe, present and unaccounted for...or, so we think. The conceit that alien life forms would be like us in any essential way would be, uh, the wishful thinking of a lonely planet that once believed it was the center of the universe. So, we're going to combine hydrogen, liquid oxygen, and carbon today. Obviously, I don't expect any of you to create life here in third period science. 
 (As Mr. Seligman, the astro teacher, talks about science, Max and Liz flirt with each other. Liz mouths a "hello" to Max, who responds with a "hi". Max writes something on a slip of paper and passes it to Liz. Liz drops her pencil, and Max kneels down to pick it up. He touches Liz's hand and Liz starts to get a flood of images of something travelling through space. Liz starts to moan with all the feelings she's experiencing, which disrupts the class) 
 Liz : Ahh! Ohh! 
 Astro Teacher : Ms. Parker! Have you had an insight you wish to share with the rest of the class? 
 Liz : No. 
 (Max stands up, looking a bit guilty) 
 Astro Teacher : Mr. Evans? 
 Max : I was just returning her pencil. 
 Astro Teacher : I'd like to see both of you immediately after last period today in my classroom. The primordial experience known as...detention. 
 (Liz opens the slip of paper that Max had written a message on and reads the message: "Eraser Room? 6th Period?") 
 (Maria is walking around looking for Michael and finds him in the bleachers) 
 Maria : Oh, Michael. Hi. 
 Michael : Hey. 
 Maria : Did you hear? 
 Michael : The Max-Liz thing, with the flashes? She's your friend. What do you think? 
 Maria : That Max and Liz have discovered some new sensation? It seems somewhat unlikely. 
 Michael : Extremely unlikely. 
 (Cut to a scene where Maria and Michael are making out nearby a high-voltage box) 
 Maria : This feels good. This feels really good. 
 Michael : Yeah. 
 Maria : Oh, God. Oh, my God. Michael. 
 Michael : What? 
 Maria : I can't believe it. 
 Michael : What? What did you see? 
 Maria : I saw...a cluster of stars...like shooting through space. Um...this, like, incredible sunset, like near the rings of Saturn. Did you see anything? 
 Michael : Yeah, I saw you...as a little girl...trying to tie her shoelaces on her red sneakers. 
 Maria : You're kidding. The red sneakers? 
 (Max and Liz are making out in the eraser room again. Max sees an image of Liz as a little girl trying on makeup and dressing up in front of a mirror) 
 Liz : What? 
 Max : Nothing. 
 Liz : Ahh! Max, hold me. 
 (Liz sees the image of the saucer flying towards Earth and crashing into the desert) 
 (Max and Liz are making too much noise, causing someone to investigate) 
 (The principal is talking to Mrs. Evans and Mrs. Parker about the commotion that Max and Liz caused, while Max and Liz sit on a bench outside the principal's office) 
 Nancy : What exactly is an eraser room? 
 Principal : It's a small room that we use to clean the erasers so that chalk dust doesn't fly all over the school. 
 Diane : Wait. I'm a little lost. You mean Liz and Max were cleaning erasers when they created this disturbance? 
 Principal : No. They were what we used to call "making out". We're talking sexual activity here, not erasers. Why don't we go talk to them? 
 (The principal and the parents step outside the principal's office to the hallway) 
 Principal : Uh, Ms. Parker. Mr. Evans. 
 Liz : This...is completely wrong. 
 Nancy : What did I get wrong, Liz? 
 Liz : Well, It...it's just wrong that we're here. I mean, any of us. 
 Principal : Well, then, perhaps you and Mr. Evans should have been less noisy. 
 Nancy : You know, I think I've heard enough. 
 Liz : Mom, this is not what you're thinking right now. Don't you believe me? 
 Nancy : What is it? 
 Liz : Mom, it's just a mix-up. 
 Principal : They also cut 2 academic classes. Now, Liz and Max are honor students. I think we'd all like to keep it that way. 
 Diane : I'm sure there's an explanation for it. I'm certain that Max wouldn't miss any of his classes unless there was a good reason. Max? 
 (Max is at a loss for words) 
 (Liz and her mom are walking towards the school entrance) 
 Liz : Mom, this is no big deal, all right? 
 Nancy : You said that. 
 Liz : Mom, it's not like I never kissed a boy before in my entire life. 
 Nancy : You know, I don't think it's the kissing, but the actual volume that's the issue. 
 Liz : This is being totally blown out of proportion. 
 Nancy : Ok, we'll talk about this later tonight, ok? I want you to come straight home from school. Is that agreed? Hmm? 
 Liz : No, I can't. I have detention. Look, mom, I gotta go, ok? 
 Nancy : Ok. 
 Liz : Bye. 
 (Liz starts to head for class and runs into Alex) 
 Liz : Oh! 
 Alex : Liz, what's goin' on? 
 Liz : Alex, the most incredible thing is happening to me, but I...I don't even know what it is. 
 Alex : What? 
 (Alex goes to the cafeteria area and spots Isabel eating by herself. As Alex walks up to her, Isabel takes a bite out of a hot pizza and starts fanning her mouth. Alex searches through his lunch bag and gives Isabel a napkin) 
 Isabel : Hot! 
 Alex : You ok? 
 Isabel : Mm-hmm. Now I have that little piece of skin hanging down from when the pizza's too hot. 
 Alex : Yeah, well, um, speaking of hot...this whole Liz-Max thing? 
 Isabel : Mm-hmm? 
 Alex : Well, I was just wondering, you know, in the interest of science, kissing being purported to provoke these certain insights, I wanted to, you know, offer myself as a...as a human subject available for experimentation. 
 Isabel : It's not gonna happen, Alex. 
 Alex : Right...right...right. Thought I'd give it a shot. 
 Isabel : Yeah. You want some pizza? 
 Alex : Uh, yeah. Pizza's always good. 
 (At detention, Liz is looking at a poster of the Whirlwind Galaxy while waiting for Mr. Seligman to show up) 
 Astro Teacher : Ah, Ms. Parker. I'm happy to see you're taking a renewed interest in science. 
 (Liz looks like she's about to ask a question, then doesn't) 
 Astro Teacher : Well...well, go ahead. It looks like you have a question? 
 Liz : Yeah, what is this? 
 Astro Teacher : ah. Well, that's the Whirlwind Galaxy. 
 Liz : Could there be a red star, or a red something in this area that isn't on this chart? 
 Astro Teacher : Well, there could be a red giant. 
 Liz : A red giant. Isn't that...yeah, that's a star that's in its last stages of its life cycle, right? 
 Astro Teacher : Yes. A+ yet again. The problem is, the light from a red giant is weak...so weak we usually can't pick it up with our telescopes. 
 Liz : Oh. Um, well, thank you very much. 
 Astro Teacher : May I ask what has inspired your sudden interest in astronomy? 
 (Max walks into the room and Liz steals a glance at him before answering) 
 Liz : It's just beautiful...the universe is beautiful. 
 Astro Teacher : Yes...lovely. Ah. I see your partner in crime. Here are your detention assignments. 
 (Mr. Seligman hands each of them a sheet of paper and then walks towards Liz) 
 Astro Teacher : You are an excellent student, Ms. Parker. I'd hate to see anything get between you and the...uh...beauty of the universe. 
 (Mr. Seligman leaves) 
 Max : What was that about? 
 Liz : Uh, Max, I have to show you something. Max, you know the things I saw, the stars and everything? I didn't make them up. They're real. Max, I saw this. I saw it. Max, this afternoon...I think I saw the crash. 
 (Liz is working at her desk and her mom comes by, knocks on her door, and enters) 
 Nancy : Honey? 
 Liz : Yeah? 
 Nancy : Um...you really have strong feelings about this boy, don't you? Max, I mean. 
 Liz : Mom, I have like a really hard time talking about this kind of stuff. 
 Nancy : I have to talk about it, so if...if you can't talk right now, can you at least just listen? 
 Liz : Yeah. 
 (Mrs. Evans take a deep breath) 
 Nancy : Don't ever have s*x. Don't ever leave this house. Don't ever stop being my baby girl. Ok? 
 Liz : Mom...I'm not having s*x with him. 
 Nancy : That's good, because, um, once you enter that world...you know, sexual intimacy...everything changes. 
 Liz : Mom, I... 
 Nancy : I want you to know that you don't ever have to lie to me about this. Really. Ok? 
 Liz : Ok. 
 Nancy : Ok. 
 Liz : What? 
 Nancy : Just...one moment I look at you, you're my baby girl, and the next minute, you're a young woman. 
 Liz : Thank you. 
 (Max is at Michael's apartment talking to Michael and Isabel about what happened with Liz. Isabel is putting away some groceries) 
 Max : She said it was as if she was inside the ship looking out...when it came crashing toward Earth. 
 Michael : Did she see anyone else on the ship? Like our parents? 
 Isabel : Yeah, or Captain Kirk and the Klingons? You got a paper-towel holder? 
 Michael : No. What if it's real? 
 Isabel : It's not real. What's wrong with you guys? 
 (Isabel opens the refrigerator and takes a step back from the smell) 
 Isabel : Oh, God! Not even baking soda's gonna help with that. 
 Michael : You know what, Isabel? If you don't like my new place, you can leave. Continue. 
 Max : I see things from inside her head. Maybe she's seeing things stored deep inside me. 
 Michael : What do you see inside her head? 
 Max : I can't tell you. It's private. 
 Michael : Since when do we keep secrets from each other? Maxwell, come on. 
 Isabel : Do you have a juicer? 
 Michael : Isabel, you're pushing it. 
 Max : They're Liz's personal thoughts, Michael...not secrets. 
 Michael : Ok, yeah, so they're personal thoughts. How do you know they're real? 
 Max : I'm not sure. 
 Isabel : Can't you just ask her? 
 Max : I don't want to embarrass her. 
 Michael : Maxwell, if this is real...if there's any chance this is real, you owe it to us and to yourself to find out. And in the meantime, I'm gonna pursue my own avenues. 
 
 
 
 (Maria and Michael are making out again) 
 Michael : Wow. 
 Maria : Michael... 
 Michael : Uh-huh? 
 Maria : Mmm. This feels really good. 
 Michael : Uh-huh. 
 Maria : These visions...flashes, or whatever... 
 Michael : Uh-huh. 
 Maria : I'm just, um...I'm not completely sure I've actually really had one. 
 (Michael stops kissing Maria) 
 Michael : What do you mean, you're not completely sure? 
 Maria : Michael, I, um...I faked it. Ok? 
 Michael : Why would you tell me that? 
 Maria : Why? Because I...I want us to be close. 
 Michael : You think that makes us close. 
 (Michael turns to leave) 
 Maria : Where are you going? 
 Michael : How do you expect me to react? 
 Maria : Like...a person? Talk to me? 
 Michael : Yeah. Well, I could act like a person, but then I'd have to fake it. 
 Maria : You know, maybe if you weren't so defensive and you didn't shut down all the time... 
 Michael : Then maybe what? 
 Maria : Maybe...it would happen. 
 Michael : I lied to you, too...about the shoes. 
 Maria : Really? 'Cause I did have red sneakers. 
 Michael : Everybody's got red sneakers. 
 (In the girls' locker room, Maria is telling Liz about what happened with Michael) 
 Liz : Why would you fake it? 
 Maria : Haven't you ever heard of the male ego? 
 Liz : Yeah. 
 Maria : The question is, why did I tell him that I faked it? You know what I mean? It just...oh, my God. Liz. Liz. 
 Liz : Mmm. What? 
 Maria : Come here. Come here. 
 Coach : Let's go, girls. 
 Maria : Just go look in the mirror. 
 Liz : Why? What is it? 
 Coach : De Luca. Parker. Now! 
 Maria : Coming. Ok, I'll cover for you. Just go. 
 Liz : Ok. 
 (Liz walks back towards her locker to go look in a mirror and sees Max walks into the locker room) 
 Liz : Max! 
 Max : Liz. 
 Liz : What are you doing here? 
 Max : I just...I wanted to see you. 
 Liz : Here? 
 Max : I had to know if something was real. 
 Liz : If what was real? 
 Max : Well, just like you seeing things...I've seen things. And...one of those...things... 
 (Max slowly looks around the room and there's a slight air of familiarity as in focuses on a shower head) 
 Liz : You saw my fantasy? 
 Max : I had to know if...if...what I saw was...really from you or if it was just my imagination, which...it definitely...definitely could've been. Except...I've never been in the girls' locker room. And now that I see it, and...well, it...it is the same room...I know I didn't make it up. 
 Liz : This is really horrible. 
 Max : No, Liz. It's incredible, really. 
 Liz : This is not incredible. 
 Max : Wait. Please? Listen. Please? The main thing is...I didn't just see what you saw. I felt...what you felt...when you saw me. And I never thought anyone could really...ever feel that way about me. 
 Liz : Really? 
 Coach : Parker! 
 (Liz motions to Max for him to follow her and they hide in one of the shower stalls) 
 Coach : Parker! 
 (The PE teacher leaves) 
 Max : Uh...Liz? 
 Liz : What? 
 Max : You have a hickey...and it's glowing. 
 (Max touches the glowing hickey and sees a rush of images of military personnel rushing towards something that is beeping) 
 Liz : This is getting really weird, Max. 
 (Back at Michael's apartment, Isabel and Michael are discussing how these images could be created) 
 Isabel : That would mean each of us has this information in some part of us we're just not not conscious of. 
 Michael : Or she's getting messages from somewhere or someone else. 
 Isabel : Nasedo? 
 Michael : I don't know. I mean, why did she see the crash, the soldiers? Maybe it was all planned this way...that this is how we'd find out who we really are...by connecting with humans. 
 Isabel : Connecting? 
 Michael : The more they connect, the more we find out. 
 (Max comes in) 
 Max : Uh, listen...Liz is on her way over. 
 Isabel : Ok. We'll leave. 
 Max : You guys don't have to leave. 
 Michael : Go for it, Maxwell, for the good of all mankind, you lucky, undeserving dog. 
 Max : Michael, that's not what this is about for me. 
 Michael : Don't make me beg you to do what you and Liz obviously want to do anyways. I really don't see a problem with it. 
 Max : The problem is treating someone I care about like a thing...to be used. 
 Michael : What, and that's what I'm about? Is that what you're saying? 
 Max : The words are coming from your mouth, Michael. 
 Isabel : Ok, you guys, stop. Enough. 
 Michael : Listen, Maxwell...you are a sensitive guy. And you have available to you one of the top 3 seduction lines in history...with "it's gonna help me find my home planet". And you're refusing to use it. No guy is that sensitive. Use it. 
 (Isabel turns off the lights and snaps her fingers, causing the candles in the room to light up to form a romantic atmosphere) 
 Michael : Nice. 
 Isabel : Mmm. 
 (Liz opens the door and enters) 
 Isabel : Hi. 
 Liz : Hi. 
 Michael : How's it goin'? 
 Liz : Strange. 
 Isabel : I'll bet. 
 Michael : All right. We're leaving now. But I got some Chaka Khan cued up in the CD player. 
 Isabel : We're leaving. Bye. 
 Liz : So, you told 'em, huh? 
 Max : Yeah. 
 Liz : And now everyone's just sort of cheering you on...like at a football game. 
 Max : No. No, it's...it's not like that. I mean...yes, they want us to keep going so we can find out where all this leads. But...that's not... 
 Liz : Max. I need to find out where all this leads, too. Look. 
 (Liz shows Max a strange rash that has appeared on her shoulder. Max puts his hand over it and it disappears) 
 Max : It's gone. 
 Liz : Thanks. 
 (Max moves his hand down Liz's arm, and a glowing light follows his hand) 
 Liz : Max...do you understand any of this? 
 Max : No. 
 Liz : Can you take your shirt off? 
 Max : Can I? Yeah. 
 (Max takes off his shirt and Liz tries to create a glowing light on Max's body by running her hand over his chest) 
 Liz : I can't do it to you. 
 Max : I'm glowing everywhere...my toes, my heart. You can't see it. It's on the inside. 
 Liz : No, Max. We can't do this. 
 Max : I know. 
 Liz : You know, could I, uh..could I get sick? 
 Max : I don't know anything. I don't even know who I am. 
 Liz : You know, the...the mark went away because...because you touched it. Maybe...maybe it came because we were away for...too long. That sounds really crazy, but...it would be a complete disaster. 
 Max : I can't ask you to do anything that might hurt you in any way. 
 Liz : I know. 
 Max : And I have no idea what that is...and what's right...or wrong. 
 Liz : I know. I mean...and you know things...about me that you, um...that you shouldn't know. And my mother...my mother, who I love, is just gonna kill me...if i don't die from this. 
 Max : You're right. 
 Liz : I can't stop. 
 (Liz and Max starts making out again, and we see another batch of images from the crash. Soldiers are running towards some beeping object being buried nearby a radio tower) 
 (Maria accidentally interrupts Max and Liz) 
 Maria : My God! I was looking for Michael. Um, something tells me he isn't here. 
 (Maria is driving Liz home) 
 Maria : Liz, what was going on in there? 
 Liz : What was going on? 
 Maria : Yeah, it looked like it was getting pretty serious...like, very serious. 
 Liz : Maria, I have my mother for these lectures. 
 Maria : I'm worried for you. 
 Liz : Why? 
 Maria : Because this isn't you. 
 Liz : Yes, Maria, see...this is. This is me. I'm sitting right next to you. 
 Maria : I just don't want you to go too far. 
 Liz : I think I want to. 
 Maria : Are you crazy? This is dangerous. This isn't like a game! We don't even know what could happen! 
 Liz : Look who's talking! You were the first one to take the plunge, Maria! 
 Maria : Michael and I just kissed. Ok, fine. We did a little more than kissing. But, look, I wasn't getting visions, and I didn't have glowing hickeys and rashes and...look, Liz, the bottom line is that we don't know what this is about, all right? Female spiders can, you know, bite off the males' heads after they mate. What if they need someone to mate with to get certain information, you know? And then...Blttt! You know? 
 Liz : What're you been trying to say? That Max is just gonna bite my head off? 
 Maria : Uh, no. What I'm saying is, how do you know that he's not like using you? 
 Liz : Maria, because it...it...it feels right. I'm sorry. It feels right in a way that nothing has felt right in my life before. 
 (Liz climbs on the roof and tries to sneak in undetected, but her mom is waiting for her) 
 Liz : Hi, mom. 
 Nancy : Do you think i'm stupid? 
 Liz : I'm sorry. 
 Nancy : Sorry's not good enough. Where were you? 
 Liz : Mom, will you just stop trying to control me? 
 Nancy : I am trying to keep you safe. If i need to control you...when have I even tried to control you? 
 Liz : Right, mom, because you've never had to! 'Cause I do every single thing you want, and y-you just think I'm always gonna be that way! You don't even see me. 
 Nancy : All right. Then...then help me to see you. Ok? Talk to me. Oh, my God. You're so warm. 
 Liz : Mom, no. I'm fine. 
 Nancy : You're not fine. You're burning up. 
 Liz : Mom! Just stop it! Ok? This is my body! I don't have to tell you every single thing about it! 
 (Liz runs into the bathroom and slams the door) 
 (Maria finds Michael lying on the hood of his car in front of the Crashdown) 
 Maria : Michael. 
 Michael : Hey. 
 Maria : I was, uh...I was looking for you at your apartment, but I found Max and Liz instead. 
 Michael : Yeah? 
 Maria : Yeah. 
 Michael : They still there? 
 Maria : No. I just drove Liz home. 
 Michael : Great. I don't have to miss the hockey game. 
 (Liz is on her roof, sketching something in her journal) 
 Max : Liz. 
 Liz : Hi. 
 Max : I couldn't sleep. 
 Liz : Yeah, neither could I. 
 (Max climbs up to the roof) 
 Liz : Hey. 
 Max : Hey. 
 Liz : Uh, look, Max, I saw something when we were...it was something being buried, and it felt like it was something...something important. It was here. 
 (Liz shows Max the drawing she was sketching...it's a tower of some sort) 
 Max : I know this. This is the old radio tower by Highway 42. 
 Liz : Max. Highway 42. Isn't that... 
 Max : Yeah. Just a couple miles from the crash. 
 Liz : Well, there's something buried there. 
 Max : I should go there with Michael. 
 Liz : Is that what you really want to do? 
 Max : No. 
 Liz : Look, all I know is that if we're gonna do this, we've gotta do it tonight. 
 Max : Are we... 
 Liz : Come on. Let's go. 
 (Liz and Max arrive at the area near the crash site) 
 Max : It should be around here somewhere. 
 Liz : Wow. 
 Max : That's what's really there all the time. If we could only see it. 
 Liz : So. 
 Max : So. 
 Liz : So we have to decide what our next step's gonna be. 
 Max : Right. 
 Liz : I guess we could just start...digging. 
 Max : Or, uh... 
 Liz : Or, um...we could look for the next clue. 
 Max : Yeah. The clue idea seems more, uh... 
 Liz : More efficient. 
 Max : Yeah. Right this minute...I can't...not touch you. 
 Liz : Let's just lie down. 
 (Max unfolds a blanket and spreads it out on the ground) 
 Max : Are you scared? 
 Liz : Well, I know I'm supposed to be, but...I'm just gonna put myself in your hands. 
 (A howl is heard) 
 Liz : What's that? 
 Max : It's a coyote. 
 (Max and Liz kiss some more and Liz winds up lying down on the blanket) 
 Max : Are you sure? 
 (A beeping sound is heard) 
 Liz : Oh, my God. Max, that's it. 
 Max : What? 
 Liz : That's the sound I heard in my vision. 
 Max : Shh. It's over there. Come on. 
 Liz : This is it, Max. 
 Max : Here. It's right here. 
 (Max and Liz start shoveling the dirt at the spot where the beeping is coming from. They hit something and a bright blue light shoots into the sky) 
 Liz : Max...something's down there. 
 (Max unearths a glowing rock with an alien symbol inscribed on it) 
 Max : It's the symbol from the cave painting. 
 Liz : Is this from your home? 
 Max : I don't know. 
 Liz : Maybe it's a signal...for... 
 Max : Maybe. 
 (Early the next day, Nasedo goes by the radio tower and sees Max and Liz sleeping together) 
 (Liz's mom knocks on Liz's door, enters, and finds her missing) 
 Nancy : Liz? 
 (Isabel walks up to Alex's house and knocks on the door) 
 Alex : Isabel. 
 Isabel : Max and Liz are missing. 
 Alex : Missing. Ok, let me, um...let me get the keys to my car. All right? We can go and find them. 
 Isabel : That's ok. 
 (There is an awkward pause as Isabel waits for Alex to make the first move) 
 Isabel : Ok. 
 Alex : Ok what? 
 Isabel : Ok, and kiss me. 
 Alex : K...K-kiss you? 
 Isabel : My brother's missing. I need to find him. Maybe we can generate some information. 
 Alex : Right. 
 Isabel : Maybe I'll get a flash of their location or something, so...go ahead. 
 Alex : Oh...yes. Yes, ma'am. 
 (Alex steps over to Isabel and kisses her) 
 Isabel : Nothing. 
 Alex : Oh. 
 Isabel : Nothing relevant to the current crisis. 
 Alex : Sorry. 
 Isabel : Ok. 
 (Isabel turns and start to walk away) 
 Alex : You know, I'm...I'm available for further experiments. You know. When-whenever. 
 (Liz and Max wake up and Max notices someone looking at them) 
 Nasedo : This is private property. You two better get home. 
 (Max picks up the alien rock and stuffs it in his bag and he and Liz leave for home) 
 (Maria goes to Michael's apartment) 
 Maria : Max and Liz aren't... 
 Michael : I heard. 
 Maria : Look, I just really need you not to be cold or mean. If that's impossible, you can just let me know. 
 Michael : You want to come in? 
 Maria : Yeah. 
 Michael : Have a seat. 
 Maria : Thanks. Can we talk about what happened? 
 Michael : Talk on. 
 Maria : I want you to know that what I said about you being all shut down and that's why I had to fake the flashes, that was...wrong and very unfair. If something went wrong, it was because of me. I'm the one who's scared. I mean, I fake all kinds of things all the time with everybody. It's just you were the first person I actually ever admitted it to. 
 Michael : Well...thanks for sayin' that, but it's not really true. 
 Maria : What do you mean? 
 Michael : It's not true about you being shut down all the time. I happen to know that for a fact. 
 Maria : Really? How? 
 Michael : Because you let me see you. The red sneakers, Maria. One had a Kermit patch on it, and the shoelaces were blue, and you had your dalmatian dog with you there, licking off your tears. And I saw a whole bunch of other stuff as well. Was I right? 
 Maria : Yeah. Um...that dog died when I was, like, 7. Right after my father left. 
 Michael : Kinda rough? 
 Maria : Yeah. I'd say so. I really didn't care about the stupid flashes. I just wanted us to be close. 
 Michael : Thanks. 
 (Michael kisses Maria on her forehead and reaches over and hugs her with his left arm) 
 Jeff : They're basically good kids. Right? They're just using bad judgment. 
 Phillip : Huh. Bad judgment big time. 
 Nancy : Maybe they shouldn't see each other for a little while. 
 Jeff : Well, why don't we give 'em a chance to explain themselves? 
 Diane : Well, what kind of explanation can there possibly be? 
 (Outside the Crashdown, Max has parked the jeep and he and Liz are kissing again) 
 Max : Any flashes? 
 Liz : No. And you? 
 Max : Don't think so. 
 Liz : Max...everything that we did, everything we felt...was it...was it all just about this...this thing? You know, we don't even know what it is. 
 Max : Yet. 
 Liz : Max, was it ever just about us? You and me? Because a person could feel like they just served their purpose. You know, like being used. 
 Max : Is that what you think? Because you're not the only one who could worry about being used. I mean, some girls would give a lot to see themselves fly through outer space. You know, I'm sure it doesn't compare to other things you could be doing, like watching Kyle barf after a beer blast. 
 Liz : I can't believe you just said that. 
 Max : Why not? 
 Liz : Because it really happened. 
 Max : You're kidding me. 
 Liz : No. I swear. Last summer. It was a really hot night... 
 Max : You know what? No, no...don't tell me. 
 Liz : Ok, so what you're saying is that you saved me from a life of watching Kyle barf. 
 Max : Liz Parker...I don't think that was ever gonna be your destiny. 
 Liz : No? 
 Max : No. 
 Liz : Ok. Fine. If you know so much, then tell me, Max...what's my destiny? 
 Max : I only know the part I'm hoping for. 
 (Episode fades out as Max and Liz hold hands and walk into the Crashdown Cafe) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 