Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Tsunami: Part One - Proof 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Tsunami: Part One https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=332&t=19909 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/12/15 16:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Tsunami: Part One 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Proof"... 
 Halima, I can't go back to Kenya so soon. 
 I could talk to Ivan. I'm sure he could arrange a loan. 
 Thank you, but I want to handle this on my own terms. 
 You had a near-death experience. 
 Like you yourself had. 
 Nothing good can come from continuing your investigation. 
 Why are you so interested? 
 Same reason as you. 
 Because if any of that stuff is real, it makes we could have a chance to see Will again. 
 You're a highly respected doctor moonlighting as an investigator into the afterlife. 
 You of all people can understand the sanctity of a secret that can ruin a career. 
 Mom? 
 Mom? 
 Mom! 
 Mom! 
 [Cell phone rings] 
 [Ring] 
 [Ring] 
 [Ring] 
 Charles? 
 We have a heart donor for your patient, Brennan. 
 We need you to come in right away. 
 Carolyn? 
 Did you hear? 
 Yeah. Yes. 
 [i]That's great. I'll... I'll be in right away. 
 [Chuckles] Okay. 
 Donor is Adam Glenn. He was 34 years old. 
 Suffered a major brain injury in a rock climbing accident. 
 No cortical activity or brain stem function. 
 Otherwise, perfect health. 
 We have consent? 
 He had a donor's card in his wallet. 
 They've done an echo? 
 His heart is in great shape. 
 And my guy gets it, right? I don't wanna fight over this. 
 Chris is status 1A. He's been waiting over a year. 
 U.N.O.S. assigned it to your patient. 
 The donor's blood type is rare and a perfect match. 
 The heart is yours. 
 Has Chris been notified? 
 I think he got here before we even hung up the phone. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Dr. Tyler, I have to admit I was starting to think this day was never gonna come. 
 Oh, you doubted me, Christopher. 
 Ah, it wasn't you I was doubting. 
 It's this old heart of mine I didn't have much faith in. 
 Yeah, well, it just has to get you a little bit further. 
 When will you do the surgery? Today? 
 I promised my students I'd make it to their graduation. 
 Better not make a liar out of me, Doc. 
 We're gonna run a few more tests, but I don't see any reason why you won't be able to keep that promise. 
 I told you it was all gonna be okay. 
 Hey, um, can you tell me anything about the donor? 
 Hon, please, just focus on your own health right now. 
 You should listen to her. 
 I almost always do. 
 [Cell phone vibrates] 
 I'm trying to get ahold of you for a change. 
 How are you feeling? 
 Fine. 
 I'm working on something I need to show you. 
 You picked the worst possible day. I have a heart transplant. 
 So when can you come by? 
 Did you not just hear me say? 
 [i]It's time-sensitive. 
 So is a heart transplant. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Yeah, just come by as soon as you can. 
 [Sighs] 
 So... You have news? 
 Uh, yes, you know that I've been trying to pay back Halima's father. 
 Well, the last bank just denied my loan. 
 No. Why? 
 I am not a U.S. Citizen. 
 I've got no collateral, no assets, take your pick. 
 But you're a doctor. 
 Yeah, to them I'm just a foreigner with a lab coat. 
 Maybe you should reconsider. 
 No. 
 But Ivan can help. 
 I don't want charity. 
 It's not charity. 
 He could give you a loan, or I'm sure he'd be willing to pay you for your work on our investigations. 
 Thank you, but... I can't. 
 Well... What happens if you don't get a loan? 
 We'll have to consider other alternatives. 
 Like going back to Kenya? 
 You have to let me talk to Ivan. 
 I don't want to be beholden to anyone. 
 But I truly appreciate you wanting to help me. 
 It's not just for you. 
 I know these investigations are important... 
 It's not just about the investigations either. 
 [i]I Because... Because I really like having lunch with you. And I... I-I've felt this way for a while now. So how do you feel? I'm sorry. I... No, don't be. No, it's just... There's so much... I understand. Things are complicated. [P.A. chimes] [Woman speaking indistinctly] Mrs. Glenn? I'm Dr. Tyler. I'm very sorry for what you're going through. [Cell phone rings] I can step out if you need to take that. Uh, no. [Rings] [Ringing stops] It's his. It's been ringing all morning. He's supposed to be opening a restaurant next week, and these vendors keep calling, and I don't know what to say. "I'm sorry, Adam can't choose tablecloths right now." "Adam is unavailable." I-I should just turn it off. You know you're doing a wonderful thing by donating. [Sighs heavily] I'm sorry, I've decided not to take him off the ventilator. I know this is all happening very fast. You should take your time. I don't need time. I'm not donating. Your husband signed a donor card. It was what he wanted. Don't you wanna honor his wishes? He signed that card years ago, before we met. He wasn't thinking about his future wife when he signed that card. I'm sure he would want me to do whatever I felt was right. I know this is very hard to accept right now, but there is nothing more we can do for him. But he could give life... I'm not going to get him back, I know that. But if I turn that machine off, then he's gone for good. And I'll never see him again, and I'm not ready for that. I would rather come here and hold his hand than stand over his grave. Do you really think he wants to stay like this? Hooked up to all these machines? Your husband's death could mean something very important to someone else. I've made my decision, and I would like to be alone with him now. Charles. I need to talk to you about the heart donor. I heard. The wife won't consent. I'm sorry. Yeah, we don't need her permission. He signed a donor card. Without an advanced directive, it's not legally blinding. Yeah, but it's a gray area. We can fight it. Yeah, I wish we could. She's a lawyer, one of the best litigators in town. We can't go to the mat with her. [Sighs] We'd not only lose, but our U.N.O.S. certification would be jeopardized. And if this hospital loses its transplant privileges, every patient on the list could be affected. [Sighs] Charles. My patient is as hard to match as they come. I've been holding him together with duct tape and baling wire. Unfortunately, our only option is to put him back on the list. He's not gonna get another chance. That's a death sentence. I'm sorry. But if anyone's duct tape is gonna hold, my money is on you. [Sighs] [Man speaking indistinctly over P.A.] Excuse me. Carolyn? What are you doing here? This is where I work. No, no, this is where  I  work. This is where you... I-I don't even know what you really do, but I am not comfortable with you here, not since you came to my house, not... Carolyn? What's going on? Nothing. We're just talking. I'm Patricia Alcott. Dr. Tyler performed my heart surgery a few years ago. And now it seems everywhere I turn, there you are. Ah, you work with Helping Hands, don't you? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, we appreciate everything that your organization does for our patients. I consider it a great honor. I think the people closest to death deserve our best care. Well, I better be going. Excuse me. Carolyn. What was that about? I understand that you're upset about the transplant, but you cannot take your frustrations out on our volunteers. I heard somebody was looking for me. Uh, in the atrium. Didn't give a name. [Whispers] Halima. [Indistinct conversations] What  are you doing here? I came to see you, of course. I wish you would've called me to tell me that you were coming. I wanted it to be a surprise. Yes, well that it most certainly is. You're a little happy to see me, aren't you? [Exhales] Of course, but... I thought that after we talked... I know what you said. I don't believe that's how you really feel. I think it is easy to say goodbye to someone who is very far away. Not so easy when they are right in front of you. Halima... You should not have come. Do you remember the night you gave me this? For your birthday. Of course I remember. You still wear it. I never take it off. When I look at it, I think about... You standing in front of me and telling me you love me and kissing me good night. But you kept coming back for one more kiss. You couldn't bring yourself to say good night, not until the next morning. Halima... We were happy, Zedan, before it became about business arrangements and contracts with my father. We loved each other, didn't we? Yes. But things are very... Complicated now. I've spent much of my life letting people make decisions for me. But I am here to fight for you, Zedan. If you decide you don't want this, I will understand. But I think we are worth fighting for. I don't understand. [Voice breaks] How can you let people get their hopes up and then just crush them like that? She just lost her husband. She's grieving. I don't mean her. [Zips bag] How could  you  do that to us? We'll keep looking. You're still at the top of the list. We've been at the top of the list for a long time. There's really nothing else you can do to fight this? I've tried. I am so, so sorry. But I will do everything I can to make sure that you make it to that graduation. Well, you've kept me going longer than anyone else could've. Don't turn off your phone. Okay? I'll talk to you soon, Dr. Tyler. [P.A. chimes] [An speaking indistinctly] Mrs. Glenn, I'd like to talk to you... I know what you're gonna say. I talk to that woman that you sent. I just need to get some air. Wait, wait, what woman? I'm sorry. I did not send that woman. Was she bothering you? Not really. She had some strange things to say, though. What did she say to you? She told me that I should let Adam go. There's a life beyond this one waiting for him and that if I keep him here, on these machines, I could be keeping him from some other kind of life on the other side. [Chuckles] It's just something I've never really believed in. And I don't know why I would listen to this woman. I don't even know her. She just seemed so certain, that I'm... I know. You deal with life and death on a daily basis. What do you believe? Oh. [Inhales deeply] I used to have an easy answer to that question, but... Now I'm not so sure. So you think she could be right? I think it's possible that there's something beyond this. I always just thought that was something people told themselves 'cause they couldn't deal with the reality of death. But it's different, though, isn't it, when it's your loss? Now I'm driving myself crazy, you know, wondering... What if I've been wrong this whole time? What if that woman is right? If there's even the slightest chance that she is... I can't tell you whether that woman is right or not, but I have been where you are. I have had to make the decision you're making. I've never told anyone this before, but donating my son's organs was incredibly difficult for me. I mean, you'd think as a doctor it would be an easy choice. But there was a... [scoffs] There was a part of me that wanted my... Perfect, beautiful boy to stay that way. So how did you decide? I thought about all my patients whose lives have been saved by donors. And I asked myself what Will would tell me if he could. You never regretted it? I can't lie and tell you that it's gonna make your loss any easier. But I got the chance to see the boy who has Will's lungs. And it was such a huge comfort. And I knew I had made the right decision. It felt like my son's death wasn't for nothing, and I know that if Will is out there somewhere, he would be happy about it. So you think that he might be... Out there somewhere? I don't know. I hope so. [Sniffles] I know there's a clock on this. I just... I think I need to think for a while. I understand. [Skype ringing, computer chiming] [Whoosh, bloop]  Mr. Oumandi. I assume you know why I'm calling. Yes, sir, I have seen Halima, but you should know, sir, I did not ask her to come. I believe you, but my daughter has a very strong will. I've noticed that. She has gotten it in her head that she wants to be in America with you, and I need you to change her mind. I don't know if she would listen. It would be worth a great deal to me to have my daughter back. So if you convince her to return home, I will forgive all your debt. That is... Very generous, sir. But I don't know if I... If I feel comfortable... Zedan, I love my daughter very much. You know that staying in America will only hurt her. I trust you'll do what's best for Halima... And yourself. [Whoosh] [Elevator thuds] [Squeaks] Do you have any clue what's going on? No. He wouldn't tell me a thing until you got here. Welcome to my newest launching pad. [Door clangs] I've decided our investigation needs a more hands-on approach. What is it? I have a guess. I hope I'm wrong. It appears to be some kind of medical equipment. How is this related to our investigations? Well, I'd like to think of it as the next evolution of the Space Shuttle, only it won't be taking me to the moon or Mars. You're going to let this machine kill you. Yes! What? I'm going to flatline. Only temporarily. I've taken everything into account. Yes, I can see that. Cerebral oximeter, defib pads, a heart-lung machine... These machines can do everything... Almost. Oh, absolutely not. No, I just need you to perform the femoral cannulation. No, there is no way. You are in no condition for something like this. Look, I'm running out of time. These machines will give me a brief glimpse of what's waiting for me when I eventually die. Or you could just die. Is that true? Could that really happen? No. Probably not. That's what you'll be here for... To make sure that I don't. I hoped we would find our answers another way, but my illness has progressed more rapidly than I expected. I haven't given up on our investigations. I haven't given up on it, either. I'm... Adding to the data. Look, I'm sorry you went through all the trouble of building your fancy flatline machine, but this is not happening. [Cell phone rings] Charles, please give me some good news. You're sure she's not gonna change her mind again? Honey, I am literally being wheeled into surgery right now. This is happening. We've had the rug pulled out from under us before. Trust me, it's happening. Please thank her for us. Yeah, we really want her to know how much this means to us. How about you tell her yourself when we're done? 
 
 Bring the flow up on the bypass. Man : Yes, Doctor. [Air whooshing steadily] [Monitor beeping steadily] [Snip] Dr. Clarke, could you retract that, please? Got it. [snip] [Air whooshing steadily] [Object clinks] Wean the bypass slowly, half a liter at a time. [Whooshing stops] [Whooshing starts] I said wean the bypass. [Whooshing increases] We did, Dr. Tyler. Dr. Tyler? Dr. Tyler? We need to shock the heart. Dr. Clarke, take over. This is your patient. Take over. Clear. [Whines] [Click] Oh. I need to talk to you. This is unfamiliar territory. Usually, I'm beckoning you to  my  office. Uh... Something happened in the Brennan surgery, and I'm not sure what it was. I don't understand. I heard that the procedure went perfectly. Oh, no, not with the procedure. Something happened, um, to me, and I would like a full neurological workup. Carolyn? What happened? Well, it was probably nothing. No, you just asked me to see if there's something wrong with your brain. And you're not the type to casually ask for help. In fact, this is the very first time that's ever happened. So what's going on? [Exhales] I-I... I've been, um... I've been dizzy and I've had headaches. So I'm just being cautious. Okay, so I'll call down and get a time for an M.R.I. Thank you. But I have to be cautious as well when one of my doctors tells me that they're feeling dizzy during surgery, I have no choice but to take them off of surgical rotation until they've been cleared. I think that's a good idea. Hmm. There's a few things I need you to take care of for me. You'll find everything you need on there. Woman : Here you go. Enjoy. Oh, there we are. Thank you. You sure you won't have one? It's totally vegan. It's made out of pinto beans and flax seeds. It's delicious. I'm fine. Mmm. So where are you going? Hmm? Mm. [Mouth full] I'm taking a little trip. So should I arrange the jet? No, no, I'll be staying here in Seattle. You're still planning to flatline. What about what Dr. Tyler said? I-it's too dangerous. You're in no condition. I made a calculation on risk and reward and decided this is worth the risk. But you can't do it alone, and I-I don't think Dr. Tyler's gonna change her mind. She did seem pretty adamant. Well, she's worried about you. All I need is a skilled medical technician to insert the cannulas and monitor the heart-lung machine. For the right price, I can get anyone to sign a non-disclosure agreement. You need someone you can trust. Well... That's a short list. I have someone in mind. Janel, I know you have two PhDs, and you're a very quick learner but... I was thinking of Dr. Badawi. He's learned from the best, and I know he needs the money. His loyalty is to Dr. Tyler. He'd tell her what I'm doing. Not if I ask him not to. You trust him? Completely. Samantha, I didn't know you were still here. I just wanted to make sure that the surgery went well. The heart was okay? No complications? The heart was perfect. It did everything it was supposed to. Okay. Good. And the recipient? He's okay? Actually, why don't you ask him yourself? If you're up for it, they'd like to meet you. Lindsey, this is Samantha Glenn. [Crying] Thank you... So much. [Gasps] I can't possibly... There's someone who'd really like to meet you. [Siren wailing in distance] Thank you for coming. Where else would I go? I'm here to see you. Halima, I need to tell you the truth. I'm sorry, but the only reason why I agreed to marry you was because... I wanted to go to medical school. That's all that it ever was for me. Just a business arrangement. There was never anything real between us. So you need to go. No. You don't mean that. I do. There is nothing here for you. I don't believe you. I never had the feelings that you  think  that I had. Liar. You need to go home. I know you. I know you have loved me since we were children. [Sighs] I love you, Zedan. [Sighs deeply] You cannot look at me and tell me you don't feel the same way. [Crying] Does anyone else know about my M.R.I.? No, just between us. [Cell phone rings, pager beeps] Apparently, someone hasn't heard I'm off-duty. You're needed in the I.C.U. Stat. What's going on? Patient has nausea, shortness of breath, J.V.P. is elevated and B.P. is falling. [Sighs] He's rejecting the heart. We've already pulsed him several times with solu-medrol. We need to biopsy and confirm he's in rejection. Prep the cath lab. Dr. Tyler, you and I have another patient that we need to see, remember? Dr. Clarke can take it from here. Okay, let's go. [Clank] Don't waste your time on azathioprine. If the high doses of steroids aren't working, then that's not gonna help either. It's the only choice we have. Try OKT3. Too risky. The temp could spike even further. He could have a seizure. Yeah, or you could just keep trying what already isn't working. I've used it on my fellowship. I've seen it work before. Do what she says. Dr. Tyler. We're good. [Elevator bell chimes] [Exhales] What's going on? I just went to get Lindsey dinner and I-I saw... What's wrong? We're doing everything we can. I think you should just go home and get some rest. He's rejecting the heart, isn't he? There are some complications, but we're doing everything we can. You convinced me to let him go, and now I'm losing him a second time. Janel... I'm sorry. What are you doing? You weren't answering your phone, and you weren't at the hospital, and I have great news. I think I have a solution for your money problems. It is with Turing... Zedan? Where did you go? Oh. I'm sorry. Janel... No, uh... I shouldn't have come. I made a mistake. I have more good news for you. You work too hard, and you worry too much. That's good news? Neurologically, there's nothing wrong with you. My M.R.I. is clean? Mm. Well, you don't seem pleased. Well, it just doesn't explain what I experienced. Headaches and dizziness are often caused by exhaustion, anxiety... You think it's stress? Carolyn, you have had an extraordinarily difficult year, and you've handled it extremely well. I don't know that I've said that enough or at all. Thank you. But you make these incredible demands on yourself... Stressful job, long hours, raising a teenager. You want my best medical advice? Go home, read a book, do something you enjoy, and then get a good night's sleep. That's your best medical advice? Mm-hmm, it can be a miracle cure. [Water sloshes] [Exhales] [Knock on door] Hey. Hi. Sophie's not here she's staying at my parents'. I know. I came to check on you. Heard you pulled yourself off a surgery. Naturally, I assumed the world was ending. I'm fine. Apparently, I'm just stressed. You? Working too hard? I don't buy it. I was told to relax. Yeah? How's that going? Not well. You know, what we used to do when you were stressed. Len. The other thing. [Moans] [Mouth full] I've forgotten how good this was. How long has it been since you had pizza? Well, I'm trying to set a good example for our daughter... Whole grains and vegetables, and, you know. Good, you're making up for all the mac and cheese that I feed her. Mmm. Are you going to play a word or just stare your tiles all night? [Tiles clink] Oh... Wow. You wanna throw in the towel right now? Please, you know I'm not one to give up a fight. So you're feeling de-stressed? I am, actually. Good. Kicking my ass at this game has always had a strangely calming effect on you. [Chuckles] So I'm sorry to do this... Triple word score! That's not a word. It most certainly is. "Amain"... "with full force," "suddenly," "hastily." You just made that up. Go ahead and challenge me if you want. But I'm telling ya, 'cause I'm a nice guy, you've had a hard day. You're gonna lose. [Laughs] Thanks for coming over. You kicking me out? No, just saying thank you. Anytime. So you gonna challenge my word or what? [Kisses] Good morning. [Whispers] Morning. I miss these sheets. These are nice sheets. Well, you bought 'em. I know. I've got good taste. [Kisses] I suppose we should talk about this at one point. Like the mature adults we are. Mm. Or we could just finish the game. I'm gonna get in the shower... Mm. 'Cause I've missed that shower, too. [Chuckles] [Shower running] Will's voice : Mom? [Water sloshing] Mom! [Water rushing] Mom! [Indistinct conversations] I can't say you're the last person I expected to wake me up, but you'd make the short list. Tea, please. You're the only person I could think of to talk to about this. About what? Woman : Here you are. Thank you. Although I have been known to, uh, hear from the dead, I find out loud communication much more efficient. I've had a near-death experience. It was shortly after Will died. I saw him, and I saw a woman with him. Um, a woman who works at the hospital. And lately, I've been seeing the both of them again. I've been hallucinating or reliving my near-death experience. And I don't know why, and I don't know what it is, but I need it to stop. All right. This woman... You said she volunteers at the hospital. Mm-hmm. So she's alive. Yes, I've spoken to her. Has anybody else? [Chuckles] Yes, she's real, if that's what you're asking. Right. Do you know if she's had a near-death experience herself? Yes, while I was operating on her. Why? Take this with a grain of salt, because it's only apocryphal as far as I'm concerned. Compared to the world of hard science you usually operate in? [Chuckles] Well, you know. I have heard accounts of people having N.D.E.s and never completely coming back from them. They claim to be so profoundly changed that they keep one foot in both worlds, so to speak. I'm not sure what that means. Neither do I exactly. But what I understand... They believe they can go back and forth from one side to the other. And you think this woman is one of those people? Possibly. I think it's equally possible that she's somehow being filed into your subconscious, and your brain is inserting her into these hallucinations, as you call them. How do I make them stop? Whatever they are. I don't know. But... If anybody can help you, it'd be that woman, wouldn't it? Ivan? Ivan, I'm sorry. It turns out that Dr. Badawi won't be able to... Ivan? Ivan! [Whispers] Ivan. If she shows up, I want you to notify me immediately. Okay. Dr. Tyler? It looks like a certain patient of yours is gonna have to write a graduation speech. He's doing better? He's doing much better, and, uh, the OKT3, by the way, was a good call. That's great news. I will head up and... Man : Watch out. Gurney coming through. Excuse me. What happened? I don't know. I just found him. Do you think it's the tumor? Is he gonna be okay? Man : All right, bring over that cart back there. [Woman speaks indistinctly] Got it. [Man speaks indistinctly] The tumor's invading more of his brain and increasing intercranial pressure. We need to do a craniotomy as soon as possible. You think he's strong enough for the surgery? [Exhales deeply] We don't have a choice. How are you feeling? Like a million bucks. But I started out with 10 billion, so... [Chuckles] Well, you couldn't be in better hands for your surgery. Yeah. Another expedition, right? Everest, Africa, Antarctica, brain surgery. [Whispers] Come here. Flatline machine. [Sighs] Ivan. As soon as I'm better, I am going to beta test death, Dr. Tyler. And you're going to be there to hear about it. [Cell phone buzzes] [Buzzes] [Buzzes] This is Dr. Tyler. I need to talk to you. I assume that's why you had me stopped by security. Something is happening to me, and I think you might know what it is. [Siren wailing in distance] You're seeing things, aren't you? From the other side? It's what I tried to warn you about. It's what happened to me. The line is blurring, Dr. Tyler, between this side and the next. [Sighs] How do I make it stop? [Scoffs] I wish I knew. You think I have all the answers, but... I'm just like you. All I know is your N.D.E. changed you, just like mine changed me. Or you could just be crazy, you know that? [Scoffs] Or I could be going crazy. Or just fabricating what I wanna see. I've wrestled with those possibilities myself. If what you say is true, how am I supposed to know if any of this is even real? You can't. You should just stop trying. [Whispers] No. I need to know more. We'll all know more one day. [Door closes] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 