Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x17 - Q&A - Alias 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x17 - Q&A https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=23&t=4439 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 destinyros2005  [ 03/16/02 16:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x17 - Q&A 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (Sirens wail. Sydney, wearing a wig and sunglasses, drives an old Buick while about five othe cop cars chase behind her. She swerves and makes a turn. Cops are on her tail. She comes to a stop on a pier. The cops stop behind her, jump out of their cars and point their guns at her. She sits in the car and takes her sunglasses off. She looks at the water in front of her. A bird flies by. A boat is docked in the distance. She suddenly floors it, and the car lurches ahead, its tires screeching. The car goes through the railing at the pier and flies in the air until it hits the surface of the water with a mightly splash.) 
 (In a room somewhere, Sydney sits in a chair, handcuffed to the armrest. A door opens and an agent walks in with a styrofoam cup. He sets it down in front of Sydney.) 
 AGENT: It's vanilla. Milkshake. 
 SYDNEY: Will you do me a favor? Will you remind them that I cooperated, that I didn't resist? I don't need these restraints. 
 AGENT: I'll tell them. 
 (He leaves. Sydney leans forward and sips from the milkshake's straw.) 
 (In the CIA building, Vaughn follows Haladki and they stop near Weiss.) 
 VAUGHN: DSR met with the FBI. I want to know what they told them. 
 HALADKI: The DSR didn't tell me anything. 
 VAUGHN: Which makes no sense. You're interagency liason. 
 HALADKI: Interagency liason doesn't exactly put me smack dab in the inner circle! 
 VAUGHN: All right. Look, you and I don't work well together historically. We've got this juvenile animosity thing going on. That's got to change. Let's just start over. 
 (They shake hands.) 
 HALADKI: Hi! How are you? (beat) I don't know what they're planning to do to Bristow! If I were you, I'd let it go. 
 (Vaughn forcefully grabs his hand a bit and roughly lets it go. Haladki leaves.) 
 WEISS: This buddy of mine at Princeton, she actually knows Haladki and says she used to see him all the time eating lunch at the Webster Rotunda. Apparently, the guy's got the table manners of a six month old. 
 VAUGHN: I'm going to ask you a question. I need you to be honest. 
 WEISS: Sure. 
 VAUGHN: Do you believe this thing? This prophecy? 
 (Weiss hesitates.) 
 VAUGHN: You do, don't you? 
 WEISS: No, no, it's ridiculous. 
 VAUGHN: It's ridiculous, but that picture looks just like her. 
 WEISS: Come on. Sydney Bristow's going to take down the world? 
 VAUGHN: I know, but the DNA sequencing, the heart size. I mean, they both match with what Rambaldi wrote. Either this thing is completely insane... or it isn't. 
 WEISS: Okay, what happened? The FBI's involved? 
 VAUGHN: Yeah. There's an FBI tribunal flying in from DC. They're going to question her and decide what the next move is. 
 (The three-person tribunal walks in the room. Sydney sits up.) 
 KENDALL: Ms. Bristow, I'm special officer Kendall, FBI. Ms. Baker, Mr. Dunn. You're being held under national security directive 81A. Per the directive, we can legally file formal charges against you based on current evidence. We would appreciate your cooperation in answering a series of questions. If you choose legal counsel, then this meeting is canceled and we'll determine the charges based on current evidence. It's your decision. 
 SYDNEY: I have nothing to hide. 
 (Kendall nods slightly and opens a folder.) 
 KENDALL: Please state your name and occupation. 
 SYDNEY: Sydney Bristow. I'm an intelligence officer for the United States government. 
 KENDALL: Under which agency? 
 SYDNEY: CIA. 
 KENDALL: How did you come to work with the CIA? 
 SYDNEY: Don't you already have a file on me? 
 KENDALL: We would like this in your words. 
 SYDNEY: I came to work with the CIA through my involvement with SD-6. 
 KENDALL: And how did you get involved with SD-6? 
 SYDNEY: I was a student, a freshman at college. 
 (Pilot: Sydney sits at a table outside and a man comes up to her, gives her a card.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) One day, a man came to me. He said that he worked with US intelligence and that they wanted to interview me. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: And you agreed? 
 SYDNEY: No. No, not at first. 
 (Pilot: Sydney sits in a library. She takes out the card and looks at it.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) It was actually the last thing that I was interested in, working for the US government. Despite that, I found myself wondering if I could actually become a spy. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: And you believed that you could? 
 SYDNEY: Sort of. Which is crazy. I didn't even realize what being a spy meant. 
 (Pilot: Sydney's at a phone booth, calling SD-6 for the first time.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) The truth is, I didn't love any of the subjects I was studying. My father and I weren't speaking, my mother had died when I was six and the highlight of my social life was my dorm's salad bar. So, I called them. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: SD-6. 
 SYDNEY: They didn't use that name. These men led me to believe they were CIA. They were very convincing. They are very convincing. 
 KENDALL: So, you met with an organization you believed was the CIA. 
 SYDNEY: Yes. 
 (Pilot: Sydney signs a bunch of sheets.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) They had me sign about five hundred non-disclosure agreements and they offered me a job. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: Just like that. 
 SYDNEY: They had me take a job as an office assistant on the twentieth floor of a corporate bank downtown. 
 (Sydney, with long hair, walks in the office and puts a piece of paper on a desk. She walks down a hall.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I just assumed that the bank was somehow affiliated with the CIA. 
 (A man stops her in the hallway.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) They told me I was ready for the transition. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: Transition? 
 SYDNEY: Eight months of training, tests, and propganda. 
 (Pilot: Sydney fires a gun at a shooting range and kicks someone in a practice fight.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Before that, I had never fired a gun. I had never thrown a punch. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: It was during the training that I first heard the term SD-6. 
 KENDALL: And at this time, you believed that SD-6 was affiliated with the CIA? 
 SYDNEY: Yes, that's right. That it was a black ops division of the CIA. 
 KENDALL: Meaning... 
 SYDNEY: You mean what is black ops? A division that is funded by the CIA's black budget. Operations that are highly classified, even hidden from congressional oversight. They led me to believe that SD-6 was one of these divisions and that that was why they didn't operate through Langley. 
 KENDALL: And you never questioned that logic? 
 SYDNEY: As I said before, Mr. Kendall, they were very convincing. Now, I might not have been a genius at nineteen years old, but I was smart enough to know what qustions to ask. They had all the right answers. 
 KENDALL: Says here you were a genius. And how did the transition end? 
 (Sydney and another agent approach the elevator and she goes inside, looking around nervously.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) They made reference to SD-6 headquarters. They told me they'd take me there. What I didn't realize is that gettting there would only require a ride in the elevator. The office of SD-6 is located on sublevel six of the Credit Dauphine building. 
 (The doors open and Sydney winces as she sees the entire white room in front of her. She gets off the elevator with the agent and walks in. The room flashes red. She looks around. The doors open and she walks inside.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I walked through there surrounded by strangers who thought they were working for the good of the country. I felt wildly patriotic. 
 (The agent who brought her up in the elevator is walking her to Sloane's office. Sydney bumps into Dixon, who smiles apologetically and keeps walking.) 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: And then I met Arvin Sloane. 
 (Continuing from the above flashbacks, Sydney enters his office and sees a clean-shaven Sloane. He smiles and greets her.) 
 SLOANE: So you're Sydney Bristow. 
 SYDNEY: Yes, sir. 
 SLOANE: Nice to meet you. I'm Arvin Sloane. Welcome to SD-6. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: What happens if I need to go to the bathroom? 
 KENDALL: I think we can arrange that. 
 (Jack drives up and climbs out of his car. Vaughn's there.) 
 VAUGHN: Anything? 
 JACK: My FBI contacts don't have access to Sydney's case. It's been classified omega seventeen. What about Devlin? 
 VAUGHN: They're not giving him clearance either. All we know is Sydney's being held locally, being questioned by the FBI but we've got to find out where she is. 
 JACK: Where she is is irrelevant. It's how long she's in custody that concerns me. Sloane wants a meeting with Sydney Tuesday morning. 
 VAUGHN: Well, maybe the FBI won't put as much credence in Rambaldi's prophecy as DSR. 
 JACK: That's a miscalculation. In the current climate, the FBI's being wildly vigilant. If another government agency red-flags someone as a potential security thret, the FBI won't be so quick to let them go. 
 VAUGHN: You're saying that Sydney could be held long enough to blow her cover with SD-6? 
 JACK: Under directive 81A, they could conceivably hold her without trial or charges for the rest of her life. 
 (Tribunal.) 
 KENDALL: Describe your role within SD-6. 
 SYDNEY: Desk work, at first. But I advanced quickly. Within the first year, I was being sent out on reconnaissance missions. 
 KENDALL: The whole time believing that you were working for the CIA? 
 SYDNEY: Mr. Kendall, with the exception of half a dozen high-level officers, the entire office believes they work for the CIA. 
 KENDALL: And you remained in school during all of this? Why? Did SD-6 want you to? 
 SYDNEY: No. No. Actually, they didn't wnat me to. It was something I wanted to do. Become a teacher. I didn't wnt to give that up. 
 KENDALL: Who is Daniel Hecht? 
 (Pause.) 
 SYDNEY: Danny was my fiancé. 
 KENDALL: Could you tell us what happened to him, please? 
 DANNY: (voice over) Build me up, buttercup baby! Then you bring me down! And mess me around... 
 (Pilot: Sydney laughs and Danny is on one knee, with a ring box open. He's singing loudly to her.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) We had been together for two years when Danny proposed. I had never told anyone about my involvement with SD-6. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: But I knew that if I was going to marry Danny, he had to know the truth. So I told him that I was a spy. 
 (Pilot: Sydney walks in the bathroom and finds Danny dead in the bathtub. She cries out.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) While I was in Taepei on an operation, SD-6 had him killed. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: So SD-6 murdered your fiancé. 
 SYDNEY: Yes. They did. 
 KENDALL: And that didn't seem extreme to you? 
 SYDNEY: I don't understand your question. 
 KENDALL: We're just trying to determine how a girl as brilliant as yourself could believe that an agency that could order the assassination of an innocent civilian could actually be affiliated with the US government. 
 SYDNEY: You're suggesting that I knew what SD-6 really was all along. 
 KENDALL: You claim to have learned the truth about SD-6 when? 
 SYDNEY: Wait a minute! It wasn't a claim! It was the truth! (pause) After Danny, I refused to return to SD-6 which they saw as a betrayal. That's when they came after me. 
 (Pilot: Sydney is in her truck when she sees two agents in a car down point the laser and shoot at her.) 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: It was that night that I learned that my father, who I ws never close to, was also an officer with SD-6. 
 (Pilot: Sydney kicks an agent, elbows him, kicks him. He has her arm twisted by and she flings the antennae off a car in his face. She kicks him in the head.) 
 SYDNEY: Augh! 
 (And hears a car approaching. She grabs for the agent's fallen gun and stands up. She points the gun at her dad.) 
 JACK: Get in! 
 SYDNEY: Daddy? 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: And I learned who I was really working for. 
 (Pilot: Jack and Sydney sit in his car.) 
 JACK: About a decade ago, a pool of agents went free-lance.  
 SYDNEY: The Alliance of Twelve. 
 JACK: What do you know about them? 
 SYDNEY: They're an enemy of the United States. They're mercenaries. They're dangerous. 
 JACK: I'm one of them. SD-6 is not a black ops division of the C.I.A. SD-6 is a branch of the alliance. You work for the very enemy you thought you were fighting. 
 SYDNEY: That's impossible... 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) That was the first time I heard the truth about SD-6. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: The first time. 
 (CIA. Vaughn dictates to his assistant.) 
 VAUGHN: Make sure Susan gets Donaldson's briefing on homeland security. And you know what? Call Josh, tell him I'm going to have to cancel lunch. 
 (Vaughn stops, and remembers something. He walks up to Weiss.) 
 VAUGHN: Hey, what did you say before about Haladki? 
 WEISS: I don't think he showers? 
 VAUGHN: No, that thing about your friend. 
 WEISS: She used to see him at lunch. 
 VAUGHN: At the Webster Rotunda. That's what you said. 
 WEISS: Yeah. 
 VAUGHN: You're sure the Webster Rotunda at the Adams federal building? 
 WEISS: Yeah, that's what I said. Why? 
 VAUGHN: You're not allowed in the Rotunda unless you're a ranking FBI officer. 
 WEISS: No way. 
 (Bathroom. Vaughn bursts in as Haladki dries his hands.) 
 HALADKI: Hey, you know what? Excuse me! 
 VAUGHN: You were FBI before you joined the agency. You were with the bureau. 
 HALADKI: My history with the FBI is right on my resumé. I'll give you a copy! 
 VAUGHN: You know what FBI protocal is and you know where Sydney's being held and what they're planning on doing with her. 
 HALADKI: You have lost your mind, you know that? 
 VAUGHN: Oh, I've lost my mind? You're the one on a witch hunt! 
 HALADKI: Look, we decoded forty-seven distinct and verifiable Rambaldi predictions. The guy hasn't been wrong once! 
 VAUGHN: Where is she? 
 HALADKI: What if he's not wrong about this one either? What if Sydney Bristow is a threat? What if Rambaldi got it right? 
 (Tribunal.) 
 KENDALL: What did they tell you was the objective of SD-6? 
 SYDNEY: "The retrieval and study of intelligence, both military and industrial, throughout the world that is critical to the superiority and survival of the United States of America." It's the company line. 
 KENDALL: What does "SD" stand for? 
 SYDNEY: Section Disparu - the section that doesn't exist. Alain Christophe, one of the Alliance founders. The term was his. 
 KENDALL: Explain to us about the Alliance of Twelve? 
 SYDNEY: The Alliance is like a board of directors. 
 (The Prophecy: Sloane walks into the Alliance meeting.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Some are from the private sector, but most are former intelligence officers. All wealthy. They started a company together, except this company - the Alliance - trades intelligence. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: So you're saying they're after... 
 SYDNEY: Weapons, military secrets, industrial intel, medical tech, computer advances, political agendas. I mean, anything the other guy wants. 
 KENDALL: The other guy being... 
 SYDNEY: Governments, corporations, wealthy citizens, families. It's all black market. It's organized crime. 
 KENDALL: Could you give me an example? 
 (When Sydney describes these events, news footage is shown.) 
 SYDNEY: Do you remember the carbon proxy disaster in '92? An accidental methyl isocyanate leak at the manufacturer plant in Bangalore, India. Killed three thousand people. Another thousand disabled. In 1996, near Kyotoa, Japan. Bullet train accidentally switched tracks and derailed. A hundred and fifty people were killed. Last year in Germany a transport plane suffered mecahnical failures outside Munich. Twelve lives were lost. None of them were accidents. Some were acts of revenge, others were personal favors to those who helped fund the Alliance. Some where distractions so that local resources were occupied so that SD-4 or SD-7 could infiltrate a building somewhere and retrieve sensitive data. 
 KENDALL: Go on. 
 SYDNEY: After what they did to Danny, what they tried to do to me, I swore I'd destroy them. 
 (Pilot: Sydney, with pink hair, walks in Sloane's office and puts down the Mueller device on his desk.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) But first I had to win back their confidence, so I stole something that I knew Arvin Sloane wanted. A device based on the designs of Milo Rambaldi. 
 SYDNEY: I'm back. 
 (Pilot: Sydney walks across the CIA emblem on the floor of the building with the secretary.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Then I went to the people that I thought I'd been working for all along. That's where I met my handler, Michael Vaughn. 
 (So It Begins: Vaughn shows Sydney the large map of SD-6 and how far their connections reach.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I thought the job would be over by Christmas. It was Vaughn who made it clear to me what I was really up against. So that's how I became a double agent. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: And a few days later, your father came to see you. 
 (Pilot: Jack goes to see Sydney at Danny's grave.) 
 KENDALL: (voice over) And revealed to you that he was a double agent working for the CIA. That his job at SD-6 was cover, too. 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Yes. That's right. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: Father and daughter, double agents. 
 SYDNEY: Yes. 
 KENDALL: Now, see, this is what doesn't make sense. Why would he recruit his daughter to that environment? 
 SYDNEY: He wouldn't. He didn't. 
 (Spirit: Sloane smiles and outstretches his arms to Sydney. She looks at him.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Arvin Sloane was a friend of my parents years before they were married. It was Sloane's idea to bring me in. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: He didn't tell my father until after I was active. 
 KENDALL: And why did Sloane go after you. 
 SYDNEY: I don't know. 
 KENDALL: And you're sure that Sloane brought you into SD-6 and not your father? 
 SYDNEY: Why do you ask? 
 KENDALL: As far as you've seen, your father's allegiance has always been with the CIA? 
 SYDNEY: Now, listen to me. I have been very patient with you. I've even put up with your implications that I'm not to be trusted! 
 KENDALL: Ms. Bristow- SYDNEY: But I will not accept you insulting my father! That is unacceptable! 
 KENDALL: It was just a question. 
 SYDNEY: No! It was an accusation! Not to mention the fact that you are questioning my honor, my loyalty, based on a prophecy written in a book that you wouldn't even have if it weren't for me! 
 KENDALL: I think we should take a break. 
 SYDNEY: No! Wait! I want to finish this! I want to get out of here! I want to go home! No, SIT DOWN! Listen to me, I want to go HOME! 
 KENDALL: We'll take five. 
 SYDNEY: I just-wait a minute! 
 (Vaughn's office. Weiss plays with a yo-yo beside the desk, doing various tricks. Vaughn is reading the prophecy, looking distressed.) 
 WEISS Okay, here we go. Look at this. Rocking the cradle, yes. 
 VAUGHN: "Unless prevented at vulgar cost this woman will render the greatest power unto utter desolation..." 
 WEISS: Come on, you know what? You got to stop reading that. Seriously. You're making yourself crazy. 
 VAUGHN: "Vulgar cost." What's vulgar cost? 
 WEISS: Michael, I'm telling you. I don't know. 
 VAUGHN: "This woman, without pretense, will have had her effect, never having seen the beauty of my sky behind Mt. Sebacio. Perhaps a single glance would have quelled her fire." 
 WEISS: Shh, shh, shh. Yo-yo sleeping. 
 VAUGHN: "Never having seen the beauty of my sky behind Mt. Sebacio." I think that's where Rambaldi was born... (starts looking) 
 WEISS: I got an idea. Why don't we all go to Mt. Sebacio, huh? All right, here we go. Around the world. 
 (He does the yo-yo trick. Vaughn stops and stares straight ahead.) 
 WEISS: What? What just happened? 
 (Vaughn gets up.) 
 (Jack walks in their meeting place.) 
 VAUGHN: Thanks for coming. 
 JACK: I checked out SD-6 security section. They have nothing on Sydney. 
 VAUGHN: Well, look at this. There. 
 (He points at the type-written prophecy, one of the paragraphs.) 
 VAUGHN: "This woman will have had her effect never having seen the beauty of Mt. Sebacio." Now, if the FBI is going to take this prophecy so literally, then every phrase must have equal veracity. 
 JACK: That's right. 
 VAUGHN: According to Rambaldi, the woman in question, the subject of this prophecy, will have never seen Mt. Sebacio. Meaning if Sydney were to go there and see it herself-- 
 JACK: She couldn't possibly be the woman Rambaldi was talking about. 
 VAUGHN: That makes sense, doesn't it? I thought that made sense. 
 JACK: It's good. It's good. 
 VAUGHN: I talked to Devlin about this. He put three calls into the FBI directive. He was stonewalled. 
 JACK: The FBI is not in the most cooperative mood. We'll have to extract her. Get her to Italy ourselves. 
 VAUGHN: I know Devlin would sanction transit. I mean, we could have a jet ready in an hour. 
 JACK: Question is how to find her. 
 VAUGHN: Steven Haladki, he's CIA. He works in the LA office. Former FBI. I know he still has ties. 
 JACK: Haladki. I'll talk to him. 
 VAUGHN: Oh, no, the problem is... he's not talking. 
 JACK: He'll talk to me. 
 (Tribunal.) 
 KENDALL: When we left off, we were chatting about your father. What can you tell me about your mother? 
 SYDNEY: For most of my life, I thought that she was a literature professor at UCLA. I thought that she was a loving mother and an adoring wife. Apparently, I couldn't have been more wrong. 
 KENDALL: Could you elborate? 
 SYDNEY: A few months ago, I noticed something unusual. 
 (Time Will Tell: Sydney looks at the codes written in the books her father gave her mother.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I found cyrillic codes in old books that my father had purchased. I began to suspect him of having collaborated with the KGB. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: But that wasn't the case, was it? 
 SYDNEY: No. 
 (The Confession: Meeting at the CIA.) 
 JACK: Those cyrillic codes you found in those books - yes, they were orders from the KGB and yes, they were orders to kill. An agent recieved those orders and carried them out, but, Sydney, I was not that agent. Your mother was. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: Your mother was a traitor. 
 SYDNEY: Yes. 
 KENDALL: A woman who appeared to be one thing but actually was another. Your mother. Tell me how she died? 
 SYDNEY: I... I used to think my mother and father were driving together. I was wrong. My mother was actually alone. She was being pursued by an FBI counterintelligence officer. The roads were slippery. There was an accident. The cars went into a river. 
 KENDALL: And after she died, your father raised you? Is that right? 
 SYDNEY: No. He hired a nanny. Like I said, he and I didn't have much of a relationship until recently. 
 KENDALL: So... like your father, you're a double agent. Tell us how that works? 
 SYDNEY: It always begins with something that SD-6 wants. Information, technology, classified data. Typically, Sloane outlines the mission objective then Marshall reviews the tech. 
 KENDALL: Marshall? 
 SYDNEY: He's our tech guy. 
 (Mea Culpa: Marshall holds up a phone.) 
 MARSHALL: This? Looks just like a normal phone that you'd use to call someone so, "Hi, I'm going to be late for dinner, Dad. Don't wait up for me or anything." Biometric censor. Now what it does is-- 
 (So It Begins: Marshall, wearing big rubber gloves, gives the demonstration.) 
 MARSHALL: --Just barely touch it and you're knocked out completely. It's like freebasing Thorazine. Boom. You're out. 
 (A Broken Heart: Marshall holds up a purse.) 
 MARSHALL: Now, this looks just like a normal purse that you would wear out with going out with your lady friends. Put your feminine things in there, but... a parabolic microphone. 
 (Spirit: Marshall puts on the big pink sunglasses.) 
 MARSHALL: Now, not only do they take pictures silently and have a telephoto lens, but... they're super-swank. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: Once I have the mission laid out, I contact the CIA. I detail the SD-6 operation on a brown paper bag. I wait for the CIA to contact me. 
 KENDALL: And after the CIA reviews the mission, what happens then? 
 SYDNEY: I meet with Vaughn to get my countermission. 
 KENDALL: And could you give us an example of a countermission? 
 SYDNEY: SD-6 sends me to Moscow to get computer disks. The CIA wants copies. 
 (So It Begins: Sydney, wearing the blue latex dress, stands in the club.) 
 SYDNEY: I'm in the bar. I can see you. Are those the files? If they are, cough. (Dixon coughs) Get ready to make the switch. 
 (She takes some playing cards, drink in hand, and walks over to the table. She falls, makes the switch and apologizes in Russian.) 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: After I get back to Los Angeles, I have to complete a brush pass. 
 (So It Begins: Sydney walks in the airport. Vaughn meets here, posing a janitor. She drops the disk in his cleaning tray.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I give the stolen disks to Vaughn so that the CIA can make copies. Then before I leave the airport, Vaughn has to pass the originals back to me so I can deliver them to Sloane. 
 (So It Begins: Vaughn hurriedly walks to Sydney and drops the disks in her bag just as she gets in the car with Dixon.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) All without my SD-6 partner ever knowing. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: Your SD-6 partner. 
 SYDNEY: Dixon. 
 KENDALL: Dixon believes that SD-6 is affiliated with the CIA. He doesn't know that you're a double. 
 SYDNEY: That's right. 
 KENDALL: Does that ever, uh... cause problems? 
 (Doppelganger: Sydney and Dixon sneak into the Badenweiler plant.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) SD-6 sent us to retrieve a vaccine from a plant in Badenweiler and destroy the empty building. While I was in the laboratory, Dixon was setting the explosive charge. 
 (Sydney grabs the inhalers and Dixon sets up the bomb.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) What Dixon didn't know, what I couldn't tell him, was that the CIA also had a team in the building. 
 (Sydney meets up with them.) 
 SYDNEY: I've got a bomb to disengage. 
 CIA MAN: Yeah, please. We'd appreciate it. 
 (Sydney runs up the stairs and starts to disengage the bomb.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) My CIA countermission included disarming Dixon's bomb. 
 (Sydney runs out and meets up with Dixon in the bushes.) 
 DIXON: Did you get the inhalers? 
 SYDNEY: We're good. 
 (Dixon hits the detonator. Nothing happens.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) I knew Dixon's detonator wouldn't work. That was the plan. 
 SYDNEY: Come on. We got to go. 
 DIXON: I brought a second detonator in case there was a frequency jam. 
 (He hits the button and the plant explodes.) 
 DIXON: Let's go. 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: Can we... can we take a break please? Just for a minute. 
 (Haladki walks to his car and punches in the code on the door to unlock it. Jack comes up from behind, throws him face-first on the hood of his car, flips him over on his back and shoves a gun in his face.) 
 JACK: I have no desire to blow your head off, or ruin your paint job, but I will do both unless you tell me where the hell Sydney Bristow is. 
 HALADKI: Moorpark! Thrall federal building on Moorpark. I have the address in my pocket! 
 JACK: They won't keep her there overnight. What's the plan? 
 HALADKI: There's a safehouse a half mile away. 
 JACK: When are they transferring her? 
 HALADKI: At what time? 5:30! 
 JACK: 5:30. 
 HALADKI: That was the plan, I swear to God! 
 JACK: Just so we're clear: you report this conversation, you'll never wear a hat again. 
 HALADKI: I got it! No worries! I got it! 
 (Jack walks away. Haladki gasps for air.) 
 (Tribunal.) 
 KENDALL: We need a list of people who are aware of your double agent status. 
 SYDNEY: It's a short list. Besides the CIA, only my father knows. 
 KENDALL: You've never told anyone else? 
 SYDNEY: No. After what happened with Danny, I thought it might b a good idea to keep my mouth shut. 
 (Spirit: Sydney and Will argue as she walks out the door for yet another mission, ending the group's Boggle game.) 
 WILL: I'm going to actually call them and quit for you right now. 
 SYDNEY: Look, to you, my job might seem pointless and stupid but it's not. It's far from pointless and if you knew what I delt with every day, you might even thank me for doing my job so well! 
 WILL: (confused) What the hell are you talking about? 
 SYDNEY: Nothing. I'm going to work.  
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: So you have a hard time keeping secrets. 
 SYDNEY: No, I don't have a hard time keeping a secret. What I don't enjoy is lying to my friends or being in a constant state of jetlag from flying to the far corners of the world for a man that I wish were dead. 
 KENDALL: Sloane. 
 SYDNEY: Yes. Sloane. 
 KENDALL: How often does SD-6 send you on operations? 
 (So It Begins: Sydney in a black wig runs down a hallway, dodging bullets. She dives in the elevator, climbs on top of it and then slides down the elevator shaft wire next to it. Parity: Sydney, wearing a red wavy wig and a red dress, swings down on a chain and kicks Ana in the stomach. A Broken Heart: Sydney, in a braided orange wig and green clothes, kicks the bodyguard. So It Begins: Sydney, dressed as a maid with a long blond wig, kicks one of the goons. Doppelganger: Sydney drives the ambulance; the car behind them blows up. Doppelganger: Sydney grabs the fire poker, hits the bodyguard's gun away. Reckoning: Sydney fights off one of the orderlies in the mental institution. Page 47: Sydney, on the boat, jumps up and swings down, kicking the large goon with the briefcase handcuffed to his hand, in the chest. Spirit: Sydney, in the blond curly wig, kicks Driscoll's bodyguard and he breaks the glass wall, falling through. So It Begins: As the maid, Sydney kicks one of the goons and jumps up to kick him again. A Broken Heart: Sydney flips off the wall and kicks the bodyguard. Time Will Tell: Sydney and Ana fight in the cave in Argentina. The Confession: Sydney walks into the club in the auburn wig and red dress. The Coup: In Vegas, Sydney walks in with the silver showgirl/waitress outfit. Spirit: By the pool, Sydney stands in the black bikini. Reckoning: In London, Sydney wears the long black wig and green dress. Page 47: Sydney flails around on the wire as she is being shot from the guards below. She cuts the wire, slides down, and crashes through the window in the building. Time Will Tell: With the clock safely in her bag, Sydney runs from Ana and the K-Directorate agents who just shot Donato. She runs to the building, slides on a clip on the railing, and jumps off the building. The Prophecy: Sydney jumps off a cliff and her parachute opens. She floats by the Cristo Redentor. Mea Culpa: Sydney parachutes down to the party, unzips her suit to reveal a dress and heals. She walks into the party.) 
 (Present.) 
 SYDNEY: I keep busy. 
 KENDALL: What does SD-6 want? What is their priority? 
 SYDNEY: At the moment, it's Rambaldi. 
 KENDALL: What can you tell me about him? 
 SYDNEY: Milo Rambaldi was Pope Alexander VI's chief architect. 
 (An old man with a long white beard, Rambaldi, sits down and begins to write. Back to present.) 
 SYDNEY: He was an artist, an inventor. His designs were so technologically advanced, at the time, they thought he was heretic. And he was executed. Now, five hundred years later, many believe he was a prophet. And SD-6, CIA, GRU, K-Directorate, the entire intelligence world, is on a Rambaldi scavenger hunt. 
 KENDALL: Why? 
 SYDNEY: They assume that Rambaldi had some sort of master plan. 
 (Time Will Tell: Sydney and Dixon see the Rambaldi sign on the lid in Argentina.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) Which was recently confirmed following my trip to Argentina. 
 (They open the lid and Sydney goes down. She climbs down the ladder and walks down the cave with a flashlight. She sees the Rambaldi door and opens it. She takes out the journal.) 
 SYDNEY: (voice over) in that book, Rambaldi refers to a single construction. The agencies don't know what it is yet, but they're all afraid the other guy's going to get it first. 
 (Present.) 
 KENDALL: I just have one more question. Do you believe Rambaldi was a prophet? 
 SYDNEY: Do you? You're not going to let me go... are you? 
 KENDALL: We're done for today. 
 (Sydney is handcuffed behind her back and is led out of the building with two FBI agents. Once they make it outside, a silver van pulls up and screeches to a halt. Two masked men with guns run out of the van.) 
 MAN1: Don't move! Get down, now! 
 MAN2: You-- come with us! Let's go! GO, GO! 
 (The agents are on their stomachs on the ground and watch as Sydney is taken by the two masked men into the van. The van drives off.) 
 AGENT1: (on radio) We've got a silver van, license plate 4... 
 (Inside the van, Sydney falls over when the van makes a short turn. Weiss and Vaughn pull off their masks.) 
 VAUGHN: You're going to be okay. 
 SYDNEY: What the hell are you doing? 
 VAUGHN: Proving this prophecy is not about you. 
 (From the front seat, the driver speaks up. It's Jack.) 
 JACK: Sydney, we'll explain everything when we get there. 
 SYDNEY: Dad?! 
 JACK: Hey, honey. 
 (The doors at a garage open and the van drives in. Everyone gets out.) 
 VAUGHN: If the FBI takes this prophecy seriously, the key to your innocence will be the second paragraph. 
 (Weiss takes their guns.) 
 JACK: Rambaldi wrote that the woman in that picture will never have seen Mt. Sebacio. 
 VAUGHN: That's where you're going. 
 SYDNEY: Wait a minute-- 
 JACK: At the very least, the FBI would have kept you in custody for months. 
 VAUGHN: SD-6 would have investigated your disappearance, would have found out the truth. You would have been exposed. 
 JACK: Your going to Mt. Sebacio should give them the proof they need. 
 SYDNEY: The FBI might let me go! All this does is make them certain I'm guilty of something! 
 JACK: Sydney-- 
 SYDNEY: Escaping from federal custody and crossing the border into another country proves that I willingly acted in opposition to the American government! 
 JACK: It was either do nothing and get killed by SD-6, or take a risk to protect your cover! 
 SYDNEY: Well, now I'm a fugitive from justice! 
 JACK: Not for long. Once you get to Italy, we'll alert all agencies of our actions and your location. They'll extract you and you'll no longer be a threat. 
 SYDNEY: You don't know that! 
 (Sirens in the background.) 
 JACK: We will have protected a vital CIA asset. You. Your cover will have been maintained. The FBI's not going to want to make a big deal about this. They can't afford the bad press! 
 WEISS: We got to go. 
 (Vaughn has opened the trunk of his car.) 
 VAUGHN: I'm going to take you to the jet. You're going to have to get in the trunk. 
 SYDNEY: What if the FBI was right? What if Rambaldi was right? What if he was talking about me? 
 JACK: Then everything is predetermined and nothing we do makes any difference if Rambaldi's right. There's nothing to lose. 
 WEISS: Seriously, guys, cops everywhere. Come on. 
 JACK: When you get to Italy, contact me. 
 (They put a bag of clothes in the trunk. Sydney starts to climb in. Vaughn holds up a transmitter for Sydney to use.) 
 VAUGHN: So we can talk. 
 (She climbs in, he slams the trunk and peels out.) 
 (Haladki's office. He's on the phone.) 
 HALADKI: Alan, it's Steven. Listen, I need to tell you something that happened today. No, I'm not okay. Actually, I did a stupid thing and I'll take full responsibility for it. Jack Bristow came to see me earlier today. I told him about Sydney's transfer time. (pause) When? 
 (Vaughn drives down the road. He puts his transmitter in so he can talk to Sydney, who is in the trunk, stripping out of her clothes and putting on the ones they gave her.) 
 VAUGHN: Are you all right? 
 SYDNEY: You didn't think about it. Not once. The possibility that Rambaldi could be right about me. 
 VAUGHN: No. I didn't. 
 SYDNEY: Why not? 
 VAUGHN: Because I believe in you. Do you think I'd just throw anyone in my trunk? 
 (She laughs and smiles.) 
 (Haladki's office. On the phone.) 
 HALADKI: I just checked with transportation. Four vehicles were taken out today. I have their makes and license plates. Ready? 
 (Vaughn comes to a stop and gets out. He opens the trunk. Sydney's wearing the wig and clothes she was wearing at the first.) 
 VAUGHN: All right. You're going to take that car over there to Dozer Field. There's a jet waiting to take you to Italy. Be careful. 
 SYDNEY: You too. 
 (She runs to the Buick. Vaughn gets in his car and leaves. Sydney gets in her car and leaves. She's driving down the road when she meets a cop who has his siren and lights on. She ducks, but the cop makes a U-turn in the middle of the street and starts following her.) 
 SYDNEY: No, no, no, no, no... 
 (More cops. They're all following her now. She presses on, looking in her rearview mirror. She swerves, they swerve with her. She makes another turn, but the cops are on her tail. Sirens wailing. She drives down the street, changing lanes, driving fast. She barely makes another turn. Horns blaze as other innocent cars are in the way.) 
 (At Francie and Sydney's the car chase is on TV and Francie and Will are watching.) 
 WILL: Every day, there's another one of these. 
 FRANCIE: They're so stupid. 
 WILL: I know. Why doesn't the guy just give up? 
 FRANCIE: Totally. It's not like he can escape. 
 WILL: Stupid. 
 (Sydney turns in at the pier. Three cops behind her, more coming. She makes another turn, barely. Cops on her. She comes to the pier and stops. The cops stop. She looks at the water. The cops get out of their cars and point their guns at Sydney.) 
 COP: Cut your engine off now! 
 (Francie and Sydney's.) 
 FRANCIE: Look at that guy! 
 WILL: This is the part where he gets out of his car and surrenders, every time. 
 (Sydney stares straight ahead.) 
 COP: Turn off the engine and step away from the vehicle now! Keep your hands up! Keep your hands were we can see them! 
 (She looks at all the cops behind her. And then floors it. Smoke from the tires billows out as she drives straight ahead. The cops scramble to get in their cars and start after her. She breaks through the railing.) 
 (Francie and Sydney's, they're still watching.) 
 WILL: Oh, my God. 
 FRANCIE: Wow... 
 (Splash. Sydney in the car blinks a few times, seemingly surprised that she just did that. The car teeters underwater and begins to sink. The cops stop and get out. Sydney watches the water level rise as she's being submerged. The cops run to the edge and watch as the car goes down. The car sinks and sinks. Sydney looks around underwater, looking at what she's become. The cops stare from up on the dock, waiting for a body to surface. Sydney gets out of her seat belt and rolls down the window. She swims out, remaining low and moves to the tire. She yanks at the hubcap, swatting at some seaweed. She tears it off and takes the nozzle on the tire to her mouth and begins to suck at the air. The cops radio for help up above. Sydney takes a breath of air from the tires, looking up. The cops wait for someone to surface. She takes another breath from the tires. A boat passes by. She takes another breath.) 
 (Later that night, Jack's phone rings.) 
 JACK: Yeah? 
 SYDNEY: It's me. 
 JACK: Sydney, where are you? 
 SYDNEY: I need to see you now. 
 (Harbor. In front of a payphone, Sydney waits and sits. Her dad drives up and gets out of his car.) 
 JACK: What happened to you? The plane is ready to take you to Italy. You need to go now. 
 SYDNEY: I know. But I needed to see you first. Dad, I just drove a car into the ocean. I knew the police were waiting for me. I used the air from the tires... I was breathing underwater for ten minutes before I started to swim. And as that car started to fill with water, I knew what my mother had done in the same situation. Dad, she could have planned that accident. 
 JACK: Sydney... 
 SYDNEY: It makes sense. She was deceitful. She was cruel, ruthless, and in Rambaldi's prophecy he used details like that DNA sequencing. Dad, I inherited that. I mean, it's either mom or me. I know it's not me. 
 (She swallows some tears. Jack looks like he might cry.) 
 SYDNEY: Mom's alive. I know it. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 