Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Childish Things - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Childish Things https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=24788 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/19/16 01:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Childish Things 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  When I was a child, my planet Krypton was dying. 
 I was sent to Earth to protect my cousin. 
 But my pod got knocked off-course and by the time I got here, my cousin had already grown up and become Superman. 
 And so I hid my powers until recently when an accident forced me to reveal myself to the world. 
 To most people I'm an assistant at Catco Worldwide Media. 
 But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the DEO to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. 
 I am Supergirl. Kara :  Previously on  Supergirl... Winn :  What did you really find out about Max? He's planning a countermove against the Kryptonians. (GROANING) Do not mistake my compassion for weakness. This is not a truce. And if you want to prove to me that you're not the bad guy, then help me find the real one. Winn, I didn't quite get it. Get what? James :  How much you like Kara. Hank :  I am a shape shifter. My name is J'onn J'onzz. (GATE OPENING) (CLICKS TONGUE) Last time I brought him breakfast, I had nightmares for a month. It's your turn, pal. (PRISON GATE OPENING) Doll :  Do you wanna play with me? Breakfast. You got ten minutes. I miss you. You know the rules. If you don't start eating, I take it away. I love you. Do you love me? (KNOCKING) Hey. Do you hear me in there? (SOFTLY) Damn it. (BEEPS) What the hell took you so long? (GROANS) What the... (GROANS) (LAUGHS) How much fun is this? This isn't about fun. This is my one chance to train you in proper flight technique. You could feel like that all the time, you know. Free. Untethered. True to who you really are. The world needs Hank Henshaw more than it needs J'onn J'onzz. Okay, I've pinpointed the location of Room 52 at Lord Technologies, assuming we can trust James Olsen's intel. Superman trusts him. That's good enough for me. Supergirl trusts him and that's more than good enough. Supergirl : If you're infiltrating Lord Tech, I'm in. Max beat James to a pulp for finding Room 52. What could he be hiding in there? We will find out. But it will require subterfuge and subtlety, not a red cape. Couldn't it also require a bit of Martian manpower? That's not an option. You know, when I came out, embraced my powers, finally letting myself be who I'm meant to be, it turned out to be the best thing I ever did. That's you. (SIGHS) Cat : Lois. How is she doing? You know, your sister and I have been dear friends for longer than she cares to admit. To be honest, Cat, Lois and I don't talk much. We've never been particularly close. Really? That's not how she portrays the Lane sisters in her memoir,  A Time To Soar. I never read it. Seemed like self-promotional claptrap. I see. (CHUCKLES) You're the smart one and the pretty one. (LAUGHS) West Point? And a JD-MBA at Harvard. Cat : Why the army? Why not cash out on Wall Street or a big law firm? And spend my life engaging in fraud and harassment? No. I wanted to be effective. I wanted to serve. Exactly the qualities I'm looking for. Where do you see yourself in five years? Uh... Is this a job interview? Do you want it to be? (LAUGHS) I'm flattered, Cat, but I just moved here. I'm not looking for a position at the moment. (SIGHING) Oh, Lucy! A few weeks ago you were briefing the Joint Chiefs of Staff. And now you're available to meet me on a day's notice wearing a glorified pair of yoga pants. Oh, they're Balenciaga... They're yoga pants. Now, look, I'm not immune to the allure of James Olsen wearing a shirt that is unbuttoned one too many. But a woman with brains who gives up everything for love inevitably finds herself staring into an existential abyss that men, babies and cardio bars simply cannot fill. You are a smart and accomplished woman who needs to work, or you will lose your confidence, your sense of identity, and most importantly, your mind. Do you have a job for me? Kara : That was a genuine laugh. That was not fake, that was real. What do you think they're talking about in there? Kara does have this handy ability called superhearing... Yeah, but that just feels wrong, doesn't it? Is that wrong? (WHISPERS) Do it. Newscaster :  The eccentric criminal known as "Toyman" to his fellow inmates escaped from the Van Kull Maximum Security Prison this morning. Toyman got his name from the dangerous and... (MUTES TV) What's going on with him? I don't know. Cat : We'll be in touch. Lucy : Yes. She's so nice. Nobody has ever said that before. (CLEARS THROAT) Um... So, did she, uh... Did she want something from you or... Yes. She wants me to be her general counsel, starting immediately. What? (LUCY CHUCKLES) Congratulations. That's... That's amazing. So you would be here? Uh, yeah, I have to think about it a little bit, but... The, uh, old GC's office is on this floor. Wow, so you'd... Then you'd be right here. Yeah. That's great... Special Agent Cameron Chase, with the FBI. I'm here for Winslow Schott, Jr. That's me. I'm sure you're aware that your father escaped prison this morning. Has he called you? No. Has he come to your house? (SIGHING) No. Has he attempted to contact you in any way? No, no, he wouldn't even know where to look, okay. Mr. Schott, your father is unhinged and extremely dangerous. So nothing's changed, that's good to know. Did he have any friends he might want to contact? If it weren't already apparent by the trail of bodies that he leaves in his wake, he hates people. So no, he didn't have any friends. As his son, you must have some... The day my father set off a toy bomb and killed half a dozen people was the day I stopped being his son. (SIGHS) Guessing you were listening to that whole thing? (SIGHS) You told me your dad was in prison but not that he... Because I didn't want you looking at me the way that you're looking at me right now. And you wanna know the worst part? He wasn't always crazy. In fact, he was a good dad, he was normal. We'd go to his workshop and tinker, build a toy. So you never saw any signs? No. He was... He was quiet. Scared to death of losing his job. He was angry. I guess no one knew how angry until it was too late. His boss stole his toy designs and got rich off them. (SIGHS) Did your dad fight back? No. He was a coward. He didn't say anything, he didn't stand up for himself. What he did was put a bomb in a teddy bear. And then he sent one to his boss. Chester Dunholtz. Except his assistant opened the package. It killed her and five other people. (SNIFFLES) I know there's nothing anyone can say to make you feel better right now. Well, hey, you have a homicidal maniac in the family too, so you know where I'm coming from. At least your father knows enough to keep his distance. (SOFTLY) Except I found this on my desk this morning. Toy :  Son, come see me at our favorite place. I'll be waiting for you. Oh, Winn. I don't know what to do. Why did you lie to the feds? I don't know. Okay, I've spent my entire life just trying to forget what he did. Trying not to be consumed by this anger that I have for him. And trying, even in my best moments, to forgive. But I still just hate him. I'm leaving an agent here, in case your father shows up. (SIGHS) Agent Chase... There's, uh, something I have to tell you. Hank :  If we're going to infiltrate Lord Technologies,  we cut the power in the rear of the lab and infiltrate the basement. While the emergency generators kick in and his army pounces on us. This isn't the way in, Hank. You have a better idea. You are the greatest asset that we have and nobody knows about it. All these computers and these weapons, they're nothing compared to you. I can't keep using my powers. It's too much of a risk. It is our job to take risks. We run into the line of fire. We face enemies that no one on this planet has the courage to. And the best way for me to fight them is as head of the DEO. I can't be head of the DEO if I'm an alien. You saw what Max Lord did to James. You know he's after my sister. I have been J'onn J'onzz on Earth. I have tried it. I was hunted for 50 years. People I've loved have tried to kill me once they discovered who I really was. I'm sorry. But times have changed. Look at Supergirl, the world loves her... Your sister looks like a pretty blonde cheerleader. J'onn J'onzz looks like a monster. I will never be tolerated here on Earth. The more time I spend as Hank Henshaw, the less I have to face what I've lost. But when I change my state, shapeshift into someone new, call upon new powers, I get one step closer to becoming the Martian Manhunter forever. And he creates panic and hysteria. I know, I have seen it. It's not only that I'm better off as human. Everyone is. Except Kara. She needs your help. Uh... Approaching the target now. Oh, God, it still smells like fish. You don't need to speak into the wire for it to work. Oh, uh, yeah. Copy that. Echo team, move into position. Agent :  Copy. Moving in. You can't let anything happen to Winn. (SIGHS) His father killed an agent the last time we apprehended him. We're not leaving anything to chance. Agent Chase... Miss Danvers, the only reason you're here is because your friend wouldn't do this without you. So be quiet, stay out of the way. (COCKING GUN) Did you know that 90% of Catco companies are run by women? Yeah, it's cool. (CLEARS THROAT) Um... So, are you gonna take the job? Well, what do you think? You think it'd be fun to work together? I think you should take it if you want it. For sure. That's not what I asked. (LAUGHS) Well, it's, you know, it's your career, Lucy. I can't really make that decision for you. This is a really great opportunity for me, James. I earned it. I want to work for a cool, powerful, kickass woman instead of a bunch of angry old white men. Well, it sounds like you know what you want. What do you want? I want you to be happy. If it were you, if you moved your life for me and got an offer like this, I would be thrilled. I think you should take the job. I am not asking your permission. (SIGHS) (CELL PHONE RINGING) What are you today, CIA? IRS? You want to see my 1040s? Shut up and listen. We need to talk. In private. Off the record. Lay everything on the table. Sounds remarkably like a date. But what does your boss think? My boss isn't always willing to take the necessary steps to get things done. Maxwell :  You're going rogue?  (CHUCKLES) How fun. How do I know I can trust you? You don't. See you tonight. I'll have him out of Lord Tech until 10:00. But his employees and security are still going to be there. I have it covered. You or J'onn J'onzz? (CARNIVAL MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY) Doll :  I love you. Do you love me? I love you. Do you love me? Dad? God, look at you. (SIGHS) You need to turn yourself in. (LAUGHS) I broke out of prison for you, for us. I'm sorry I was gone so long. You need a doctor, okay? You need some help. My son. My good boy. My greatest work. (GASPS) I thought this was your greatest work. We're the same, you and I. We're linked. Together we can do anything. We are... We are not the same. That genius that lesser people call madness. That's inside of you too. We got eyes on Schott. Tactical teams, mobilize. All right, let's go. We can't do our job and worry about you too. We're Oscar Mike. Schott : Why didn't you visit me? I just wanted to know that you were okay. (SOFTLY) I was not okay. I watched my dad get dragged off to prison when I was 11 for murder. How okay could I be after that, Dad? Whoa! It's okay, it's okay. Hands where I can see them, now! Easy. I said hands up! Damn it, Dad, put your hands up! Winn, how could you? Agent Chase : Suspect not cooperating. Weapons free... No! No! (GUNFIRE) What the... It's not him. He's not here. Doll :  I told you to come alone. Now run. What? (ANGRILY)  Run. (GAS HISSING) (COUGHING) (COUGHING) Agent Chase : He specifically asked you to come to this arcade? Does your father have some sort of plan for you? Winn : I don't know. He said, "I broke out of prison for you, for us." What does that mean? I have no idea. He called you his "greatest work." And he said, "Together we can do anything." (SCOFFS) He's crazy. I mean, I don't even know why you're writing all this stuff down. It doesn't make any sense. Agent : Agent Chase, take a look at this. Ahem. (COUGHS) Winn : You sure you're all right? Yeah. I don't normally inhale... They're going to kill him. They're going to go find him, and then go kill him. Not if we find him first. Kara, no, no. Okay? I'm not going to make you commit a federal offense by going around these guys. No. This is... This is my burden... Which means it's mine too. (GROANS) Winn, think about everything you've done for me. The last few months, becoming Supergirl, I wouldn't have been able to survive without you. You'd be fine. I mean, yeah, the Supergirl suit sucked. But you, Kara, with everything that you have? (SCOFFS) Everything that you... That you are? No, you don't really need me. You're wrong. No. I do. I know what it's like to feel isolated and alone. I relive that feeling in my darkest moments. But when I'm with you, I never feel that way. When your dad says he misses you, I believe him. Because if you weren't in my life... (SIGHING) I'd be lost too. I have a creepy little doll that I could give you for when you're lonely. (LAUGHS) Please just let me be there for you. The way you've always been there for me. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Except just not in the next 20 minutes. Cat just texted me. Winn : Go ahead. (ALEX SIGHS) You're staring. Just wondering where you're hiding your gun under that dress. Behave and you won't have to find out. Cat : Why didn't you tell me? Tell you what? That Winn Schott, our beloved little computer elf, is the spawn of Toyman. I don't think he really wanted anyone to know. Well, perhaps he should consider changing his name. 
 
 So, when can we set up the TV interview? He seems like a very sensitive boy. Do you think he can cry on cue? Ms. Grant, Winn is not doing any interviews. Fine. But if I see him talking to Diane Sawyer, he's fired. Now I need you to go down to HR and get me the offer packet for Lucy Lane. I want to make sure that everything is organized for her to sign tomorrow. Has she said yes yet? No. But she will. You don't think you should have talked to James before offering his girlfriend a job? (SIGHS) Oh, Kara. James' problem is not having his girlfriend at work. His problem is having his girlfriend at work while he's having whatever he's having with... Someone else. I don't know what you are talking about. There is nothing going on between James and I. As much as I love watching you millennials deny your feelings, I pay you not to have them. Now, I need a lawyer, and this is a place of work, not the bullpen of TMZ. Go get me the offer packet. Yes, Ms. Grant. (SIGHS) Honestly, she should be paying me by the hour. Try this. Mmm. I can feed myself. It's amazing. It's De Jaeger. Snail eggs. That's $100 a mouthful, don't spit it out. No, I'm sorry. Ugh! Look, the, uh... The aliens that invaded your lab are very dangerous. We need to know what they were looking for. Funny you should mention danger and aliens but not a word about Supergirl. She saves lives. You save lives. And you worked to get your powers. You didn't just wake up with them one day 'cause the sun was shining. Doesn't that bother you? Why are you so obsessed with her? Is it jealousy? Are you secretly in love? (LAUGHS) Or are you threatened because she's a woman? Ah. Only a woman would say that. (LAUGHS) Tell me your connection to Supergirl. The organization that I work for has a, uh... Professional partnership with her. (CHUCKLES) The aliens didn't take anything. I have everything in my lab itemized. Nothing was missing. (SIGHS) Then why were they there? I was hoping you could tell me. You seem to know a lot more about them than I do. To Alex Danvers. Hero in her own right. Mr. Lord? Aren't you supposed to be out with Agent Danvers? I ended the evening early. To be honest, it was a little disappointing. As long as we're being honest, she did strike me as a little humorless for you. She's actually a lovely woman. If anything, it was my narcissism and ill-kempt facial hair that ruined any chances I had with her. I'm sure you weren't at fault, sir. Getting so soundly rejected has caused me to question many of my life choices. I need to be alone, if you don't mind. Robotic voice :  Access denied. Access denied. You can take the Martian out of Mars. (CAMERA CLICKS) (CAMERA CLICKING) What is he doing to you? Freeze! Mr. Lord. I'm sorry. Silent alarm went off. Don't worry about it. I was just checking on her. I'll leave you alone. Actually, I'm a bit concerned about her condition. We need to get her to a doctor off-site. Uh, do me a favor, get an ambulance here. But she's Code Phoenix, sir. I'm aware of that. Sir, would you mind telling me what Code Phoenix is? No problem. (GRUNTS) (GROANS) (GRUNTING) Something tells me you won't keep quiet about this. Please. Don't kill me. Who are you? No one you'll remember. I'll be back for you. I promise. Winn : Okay, you see this etching? Kara : Is that a "Y"? What does that mean? It's a slingshot. Slingschott Toys was the company my dad created. It went bankrupt, but the old factory's still standing. Do you think that's where he is? I know it. Mr. Schott? (MACHINE PUTTERING) (MACHINE GRINDING) I'm a friend of your son's. (CLINKING) I know how much you love your son. Think about what's best for him. That's all I think about. (GRUNTING) Mr. Schott, you have the chance to make it up to your son. I am making it up to him. That's why I'm here. Child : Help. Is anyone out there? Schott : It's so easy to lure a child if you offer them a toy. (GRUNTS) Oh, you're drowning in quicksand, by the way. The more you struggle, the deeper you sink. Child : I'm scared. I understand even you need oxygen. Soon, you won't be able to breathe. Child : It's dark in here... ...and I can't get out. Oh, I wouldn't do that. Slingschott quicksand is laced with thermite. Add heat... Child : (SCREAMING) Help me! ...this whole place will blow. (CHUCKLES) (SUPERGIRL STRAINING) Child : Help me, please! Help me! Game over. Child : I'm trapped in here. Supergirl : I'm going to save you. Child : Help me, please help me! I'm trapped in here. Child : Help me, help me! Help! Child : Help! Child's voice :  I'm scared. (ALEX SIGHS) Wearing these is just as painful as being punched by a Kryptonian. Tell me you found something. I got a couple of shots. What's in that IV? I'm guessing some combination of sodium sulfite and sodium iodate. The by-product of which would be hydrochloric acid. She'd be melting into goo. Her vitals were stable, her brain showed minimal activity. Lord's keeping her alive somehow. But for what? We don't know. I'm guessing you shapeshifted to get in? But that's not all. (SOFTLY) I told you if I used my powers someone's gonna get hurt. What did you do? (SIGHS) Something I swore I'd never do again. Doctor :  He doesn't remember anything. We showed him photos of his wife and baby and he didn't know who they were. I can't remember tonight, I can't remember last year... There's been severe tissue damage to his frontal and temporal lobes. His memory's been permanently affected. I need to see the security tapes. We checked them. Someone wiped them all clean. Of course they did. That's why I set up invisible backups on all top priority systems. 8:07. I was out with Agent Danvers. How? I saw you only minutes before this, so... Who's that? Or, more importantly, what? You know, I never should have let you go in there. If he would have hurt you... I'm fine. Who are you calling? Agent Chase. No. You know they'll kill him. Let them. Let them. The world will be better off for it. You don't want that on your conscience. I'll find him and I'll get him back to prison... What's the point, huh? There's something rotten inside of him, something that can't be helped. He's sick, you said so yourself. One day he was normal and the next he snapped. No, no. It can't be like that, no. Sometimes that's just the way it happens. Well, then what's to stop it from happening to me? Huh? (WINN SIGHS) You know, my father and I were inseparable. Like, we looked the same, we talked the same. We were good at the same things. And now he says we're linked. Like, what if he's right? He isn't. His genes are like ticking time bombs, just waiting to go off inside of me. Turn me into him. That's not going to happen. You're a good person. That's what people said about him. And then he cracked. And now every time I start to get angry, I think, "Could this be it? Could this be the day that I lose everything?" Winn, the day that your father killed those six people was like for me the day my planet exploded. The course of our lives changed in that single moment. You are not going to turn into your father. Because the day your world was destroyed, you didn't give in to rage and hate like your father, like my aunt. We both lost our worlds and now we're trying to give back because of it. And you and your father aren't the only ones that are linked. We are too. And I'm not gonna let anyone mess with that. Um... I am so sorry. It's okay. I... It's fine. Winn... I'm going to go. Winn... I'm going to go. (DOOR CLOSES) (EXHALES) (MUFFLED GROAN) Don't be scared. I just need you to listen. (STAMMERING) What do you want? What I wanted for over a decade. To be your father again. Too late. In any case, it's all Dunholtz's fault and we're going to make him pay. Chester Dunholtz? Yeah. Your old boss? Mmm-hmm. That's why you broke out of jail, so you could get revenge on him for what, stealing your dumb toy designs? No. No, this isn't about him stealing a toy, this is about him stealing your childhood. Stealing my chance to watch you grow up. I went to prison because of him. Winn, I almost lost you because of him. But I have a plan on how we can make it right. You're going to kill him. No, I'm not going to kill him. You're going to kill him for me. Stop. Stop. What are you doing? We're looking for communication between Winn and his father. We believe they might be working together. No, Winn would never do that. And yet he's nowhere to be found, today of all days. Confirm tactical sweep of the convention hall. What's happening at the convention hall? Schott :  Today is the start of the National City Toy Convention,  and for that I made you this special gun. You can take this with you right through the metal detectors and right past security. You can also take it on stage with you when Chester Dunholtz receives his award. Now, you'll walk up to the podium, aim at his face,  right between the eyes... (CROWD CLAPPING) Dunholtz :  Thank you. And thank you to Frank & Son for hosting this amazing event! This means so much... ...and you will shoot. I would never do that. I know. I know this is a tough thing to do. So, I'm going to make it easy on you by taking the decision out of your hands. I've planted 10 bombs in 10 different toys at the convention. You won't know where they are. And if you don't kill Dunholtz, I'm gonna set them off. Dad, listen to me. There will be hundreds of people there. Kids. Mmm-hmm. They will all die. No, no, they won't, they won't. Because you won't let that happen. You are going to save them by killing him. We'll both end up in prison. And that's what makes this the perfect plan. Because whether we escape or end up in prison or what have you, we are gonna be together. How did this happen to you? Do you know that even with all the amazing toys I've built, you're the best thing I ever made. You're just like me. I am nothing like you. Don't underestimate yourself. There's something unique in a child's view of the world. Something innocent and pure. There is love. And a way of looking that we as adults tend to forget. We at Dunholtz Toys want to bring this to the world. Each time you choose a toy, whether it be a doll or a figurine, a race car, building block, you are beginning a journey that's so... Who are you? What are you doing? Agent Chase : Hey, FBI! I'm sorry. (EXCLAIMS) (FIRES GUNSHOT) Agent Chase : Take him out! (GUNFIRE) He planted 10 bombs here. You have to find them before he blows this place up. Schott : Natural consequences. He's in the basement. This is gonna hurt me more than it's gonna hurt you. Supergirl : He's detonating the bombs! Everybody, move, come this way. (BEEPS) (LOUD EXPLOSION) (PEOPLE SCREAMING) (ICE SHATTERING) You'll be happy to know they gave me an office upstairs. (SIGHS) Lucy, Catco's lucky to have you. So am I. I'm not going to step on your toes. It never was about that. It's just... Your excitement about your job made me realize I wasn't too psyched about mine. And here I was, thinking this was all about our relationship. No, no, no. I don't know what I'm doing behind that desk. During the earthquake, when I was out there, on the ground, using my instincts, I finally felt like myself again. You idiot, you just hung your camera up too soon. Might have to talk to Cat about that. Do you want me to put in a good word for you? She does have to take my advice now. (LAUGHS) Hey. You want in on this Thai food order? There's, uh, potstickers, peanut noodles... No, I'm not hungry, I got a lot of work to do. You're playing videogames. Your dad is back in prison, we can go back to our normal, Toyman-free lives. I shouldn't have kissed you. Kara, I'm really sorry. It's fine, it doesn't matter. Of course it matters. My dad kept his feelings bottled up for years, and then he exploded. Because he was a coward like me. Look, I know I dropped this huge bomb on our friendship when I kissed you and should have told you how I felt a long time ago. But I was too scared to say anything, I was too scared to stand up for myself. Kara, I am going to tell you the truth now. I'm in love with you. I have been in love with you for a long time. Since before you were Supergirl. Winn... I don't want things to change. Before this thing with my dad, I probably would have gone along with that. God, I just would have pretended that kiss never happened. But I don't know if I can sit and smile and eat potstickers and pretend like it is not killing me. Kara, I cannot keep bottling things up, I am too afraid of what could happen. So... What does this mean for us? I don't know. I don't know. (SIGHING) Uh, did you forget TV night? Game of Thrones  and double-cheese pizza? Supergirl : Sorry. Just flying around the city, I lost track of time. Everything okay? I screwed up. With Winn. I might have ruined something, and I don't know if I can fix it. Did he ask you out or kiss you or something? And you freaked out? What? How did you... I'm an elite agent with an expertise in analyzing speech patterns and body language. (SIGHS) I'm also a human being with eyes. You should have seen the look on his face. I did that. (SIGHS) Here. Here's to the Danvers sisters. We should come with a warning. I got Hank... J'onn to use his powers. But that's great. That's not great? He won't tell me. He did something. Like, something bad. And I pushed him into it. You? Pushy? (SCOFFS) (GIGGLES) Hank is strong. J'onn J'onzz is even stronger. Did you get any intel on Max? I did, but I had to eat slugs to get it. I let him wine and dine me. Alex... It, uh... Alex, that man is a monster. You should have told me. I should have been there to back you up. Max Lord is nothing more than a reformed nerd with a God complex. Just like every guy I dated in college. No, he's not going to do anything that I won't see coming from a mile away. Oh, it's starting. Hmm. Sisters. How sweet. (INDISTINCT CONVERSATION) Good night, Supergirl. (SIGHS) Enjoy the show. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 