Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - Falling - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - Falling https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=26015 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/14/16 21:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - Falling 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  When I was a child, my planet Krypton was dying. I was sent to Earth to protect my cousin. But my pod got knocked off-course and by the time I got here, my cousin had already grown up and become Superman. And so I hid my powers until recently when an accident forced me to reveal myself to the world. To most people I'm an assistant at Catco Worldwide Media. But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the DEO to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. I am Supergirl. 
 Cat :  Previously on  Supergirl... 
 Hank didn't kill Astra. I did. 
 Supergirl, she apprehended my attacker and saving who knows how many lives. 
 Assistant number one, meet assistant number two. 
 I'm two? 
 Most people will wanna be there for you. 
 Lucy caught me lying. 
 I need to be able to tell her that you are Supergirl. 
 This is over, James. You love her. 
 And for what it's worth, she feels the same. 
 They say Supergirl's not the only alien inside DEO. 
 You are the greatest asset that we have. 
 I can't be in the DEO if I am an alien. 
 She's the founder and CEO of a media empire who was recently named number one on the National City Tribune's annual Power List. 
 Please welcome our next guest, Cat Grant! 
 (APPLAUSE) 
 Wow, you look so much younger than I thought you would! 
 Mmm. So do you. 
 (AUDIENCE CHEERING) 
 Cat, how does it feel to be the most powerful woman in National City? 
 Well, Sara, first of all, that's a total misnomer. 
 Nobody is calling me the most powerful woman in National City. 
 I believe they are calling me the most powerful person. 
 Having a platform like mine is only worthwhile if I can use it to bring attention to the people who are really making a difference. 
 Well, Cat, that brings us to our next question. 
 Supergirl. 
 You've been associated with her since she first emerged on the National City scene. 
 And you've been a critic, you've been a cheerleader and some say that you are a friend. 
 Well, I would like to think so. 
 What is she like? 
 Yeah. 
 Supergirl is everything you think she is. 
 She's strong, she's brave. 
 But the most remarkable thing about Supergirl is that she is the kindest person I have ever known. 
 Mean girl : So, you think you're Supergirl? 
 If I shoved you, could you fly? 
 (ALL LAUGHING) 
 You look so stupid. 
 No, I don't. 
 Everybody thinks so. 
 That's why you don't have any friends. 
 I wouldn't say that. 
 I actually think you look pretty awesome. 
 Thanks. 
 Laura. 
 You know Supergirl? 
 Yeah. I'm friends with all the nice girls. 
 See you later. 
 She is an idea, she's inspiring us to be our best selves. 
 Now, we can learn a lot from her. 
 You can learn a lot from her. 
 I have learned a lot from her. 
 And I'm still learning. (APPLAUSE ON TV) Enraptured, are we? Oh, Ms. Grant. I was really fabulous. God knows I hate a generic sports metaphor, but that interview was a touchdown. A home run. Whatever you call it when you do something good in hockey. Where is my computer droid? Winn? He's, um... I will find him. I really need to rethink this necklace. Winn? Winn! (THUDDING) Winn, are you in... (THUDDING CONTINUES) (GASPING) No! No! No, no, no, no, no! (GRUNTING) Guess that's my exit. (SIGHING) You didn't just now use the... Oh, God you did. You did. (GROANING) I'm never using supplies from that closet ever again without surgical gloves. Okay, okay. Look, I'm, I'm... I'm sorry, I did not mean for any of this to happen. It's just kind of happening. (CHUCKLING) And, like, I know it seems wrong, I mean, it definitely, it feels wrong, except for, like, when it's happening and then it's like... Okay, okay. You don't have to explain anything, Winn. You're both two consenting adults. You should do what makes you happy. Cat : Ker-rah! Ker-rah! If I have to say your name a third time, you will have to find another job. Duty calls. You... You missed a button. Um, Ms. Grant just told me... Lucy quit. You told her I was Supergirl and she left the city? No, I didn't tell her. You didn't? No. She broke up with me before I had a chance to, so... But, why? Because you stood her up when we went to the Fortress of Solitude. No, no... Yeah, I know you did. I tried to talk to her. Oh, no, did I say something wrong? No, no, Kara. (STAMMERING) It wasn't that... It wasn't... It was just something between us. Not you and I. Between me and Lucy. So, it didn't have anything to do with you. Or Supergirl. It had nothing to do with you or Supergirl. It's just obvious how much she loves you and... I think, she knows how much you love her... Maybe I didn't. What? Maybe I didn't love her as much as I should have. Maybe I didn't love her as much as I thought I did. (CELL PHONE CHIMES) It's Alex. Alex : She broke up with him? Kaput. Ugh, I always knew that relationship was going to go busto. I feel guilty. Did he say were the reason? He said the opposite. Well, then guilt isn't what you should be feeling. Try hope. I don't want to be the rebound girl, Alex. (SIGHING) He likes you, you like him, okay? Rebound relationships, they can work. Name one. (EXHALING) Kim and Kanye. I'm embarrassed you even know that. Look, okay, stop. You need to embrace what you're feeling. And be the "let-him-know-girl" before another Lucy Lane swoops in and tells him first. Okay. Senator Crane, it's good to see you again. Good to see you. The Senator came by to tell us that she's been working with the Budget Committee to get the DEO more money, more resources to fight Non. A lot more. Alex : That's great. We can use it. I also came by because I wanted to personally thank Director Henshaw for the amazing work he's been doing to keep our nation, this planet, safe. Well, it's not just me, it's my team. Well, it starts at the top. This agency deals with the unknown and is often forced to make up the rules as it goes. You don't have the same oversight as other branches of the military. It's important to me that there's someone I know and trust making sure justice is meted out in a way that's consistent with our ideals. And I'm glad that person is you. (SOFTLY) Wow. Ma'am, there's fire downtown. A fireman's trapped on the roof. Punch it up. Supergirl, can you get there in time? Yeah, she can. (PEOPLE SCREAMING) (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS) Man : Get a hand? Lift this! On three, one, two, three! (MAN SCREAMING) Supergirl, over here! My men have the fire! Okay. I got ya. (GROANING) (GRUNTING) (PANTING) You're going to be okay. Thank you. God. (TICKING) (RINGING) (ELEVATOR BELL DINGING) Morning. Morning. Kara : What? I was getting tired of my old clothes. Yeah, we all were. Ker-rah, look at you dressed like an adult. That's promising. Mmm. So, I demanded a list of replacements for Lucy Lane, like, yesterday. Ms. Grant... Ah, here you are. I already checked all their references and ranked them according to who you'll find the least annoying. Oh, any Republicans? Two reformed. Cat : Excellent. Oh, and look at that. A reward. Someone gifted me tickets for Club Apocalypse for Friday night to see a Scandinavian DJ whose name I won't even try to pronounce. Thank you. I'll put them to good use. Do you even know how to dance? Don't be jealous. Or do, I don't really care. Two armored vehicles have been attacked in the last six hours. Both carrying hundreds of thousands worth in gold. Now, these two have goons managed to take out a number of highly trained and heavily armed security personnel. Alien weapons? Almost. An alien is their weapon. A K'hund. Stronger than your average Fort Rozz escapee. Now, we've obtained intel on their next heist, but we have to move fast. Lucky for us, we have an alien of our own. Hmm? I'm sorry, Supergirl, am I boring you? Only boring people get bored. Sorry. I thought you were talking to some other alien agent at the DEO. All right. Let's move, let's move. Do I need to brief you again or have you got all that? Kick alien ass. They're pros. Took out seven guys like that. Man : I heard Frank's in a coma. That's it. I'm asking for a raise. We're good to go. (METALLIC SQUEAKING) (ENGINE WHIRRING) (METALLIC CLANKING) (BOTH GROANING) (GRUNTING AND GROANING) (GROANING) (TIRES SCREECHING) Don't move! (GRUNTING) Supergirl, you're up. Your mother... Sentenced you to Fort Rozz, blah, blah, ruined your life, I've heard the story. You wanna fight about it? (GRUNTING) (GRUNTING) (FIGHTING GRUNTS) Is that it? (LAUGHING) (FIGHTING GRUNTS) (BONE CRACKING) (BOTH GRUNTING) (GROANING) (CHOCKING) I have defeated White Martians, Coluans and Kryptonians. You, you're not even worth looking at. Get out of my sight. (GASPING) Before I change my mind. (TIRES SCREECHING) Where did he go? Are you hurt? No. No, I'm fine. He got away. Director Henshaw, Senator Crane is in your office. She said you were going to update her on what happened with the K'hund. Well, that sounds fun. Tell her I'll be there in a minute. Can I speak with you here for a second? I know you just started working here again, but to be clear, our job here at the DEO is to catch the aliens, not let them escape. How 'bout you get off my back for once, Hank? Supergirl. I thought we were in a good place here. We're in a good place, when I do what I'm told. When I don't, you come down on me. I am tired of it! You want to catch the K'hund, go try it yourself! You're just as strong as me, if you wanted to be. You know how dangerous that is for him. And it's not dangerous for me too? Every Kryptonian on this planet wants to kill me expect my cousin. I have to live with that. And he could, too! What are you so afraid of? You talk about honoring your people, and yet you refuse to be one of them. I got to go. I have work in the morning. Another job that underappreciates me. What? How... That's Cat's elevator. It is absolutely ridiculous for her to have her own personal elevator, plus horrible for the environment. Cat : Ker-rah! You are literally impervious to bullets and I'm worried for your safety right now. Okay? What the hell do you think you're doing? Your latte, Ms. Grant. Oh. Walking from the main elevator takes an extra 90 seconds, which means your latte's 90 seconds colder. Brazen. That's a new color on you. I don't mind it. Yet. What do you want? I've got a scoop for you. Can we talk? In private? Allez. Cat : What am I looking at? It's Supergirl letting the bad guy go. Put this under your hat until we figure out what's going on. What's going on is that Supergirl isn't the hero she claims to be. Cat : There must be an explanation. Maybe it's another Bizarro. Who cares? Supergirl turning bad, and we're the first to report it. We could change the conversation, we could dominate the headlines, we could... Don't use media jargon that you don't understand. But... That'll be all. I see you had better luck than Supergirl. I've dealt with worse. Do not inflate your own worth, human. Supergirl didn't even try to apprehend me. What are you talking about? She said you fought and you got away. She's a liar. She said she didn't want to waste her time with me. Get him out of my face! (GRUNTING) Do you believe him? I'm almost done with this e-mail. This is the scoop of your life. Hi, Siobhan! What do you want? Stalker. Messenger downstairs wants you to sign for Ms. Grant's flowers. Okay, you do it. Well, I would, but Ms. Grant needs me to proof a column for her ASAP. (SIGHING) I'm sure one day she'll give you more editorial responsibilities too. Fine. 
 
 Cat : I know you see yourself as a plucky heroine who broke a story as big as Watergate and then gave it to my biggest competitor, and I know you think that once the  Daily Planet  runs the story that you will have a fancy job there, and I know that you believe in the end that I will admire your gumption for scooping me and I will beg you to come back. Will you? No. I admire loyalty, integrity and employees that I can trust. Not backstabbing, opportunistic little... Imps. Clean out your desk. I'm sorry, was I using my inside voice? You are fired! Now, before you go skipping all the way back to Metropolis, I will save you the bus fare. I had a much too long conversation with Perry White. And there is no job waiting for you there. Mmm. Now, be gone. Hey, are you okay? Well, I guess that's your exit. (CLICKING TONGUE) Well, that was awkward. But not surprising, though. She was a bad seed, it was only a matter of time. I know what will lighten the mood, drinks... And dancing. Who's in? (CLUB MUSIC PLAYING) Today's music is so loud! Right? (LAUGHING) Siobhan still has not texted me back. I hope she's okay. She's fine. Just give her some time. Speaking of which, Kara said she was going to be here soon. Do you think she's still on her way? Oh, yeah. Oh, look. There she is. I see her. I think... I think that's her. Hey! Wow. Hey, cat, look at you. Wow! Yeah, that's what I was going for. (CHUCKLING) You want to dance? Uh, yeah, yeah. Oh! Kara, whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey! I just, I just... I love this song. It's a good song. (CHUCKLING) You okay? I've never been better. Maybe we should, um... Let's go have a drink with Winn real quick. No, no. Why would I get a drink when I'm finally getting what I want? What I want... Is what the poor man's Lois Lane was too idiotic to keep. What are you doing? Yo, it's not you, come on! (GIGGLING) Come on, man! Don't walk away from me. (GRUNTING) You need to get her out of your head, James. Lucy was a clingy, insecure daddy's girl, who was afraid and jealous of your... Kara, stop. I'm done pretending. What are you doing? Stop it. (GIGGLING) (CELL PHONE CHIMING) It's my phone. James : It's Cat. Oh, why don't you just tell her to get back in her litter box and leave us alone? (SCOFFING) Ms. Grant. I need to talk to Supergirl. Press your silly watch or whatever it is and send her here now. Ms. Grant wants to see... Supergirl. Where did she go? What happened? Something's wrong with Kara. Mmm. What do you want? Well, I would like to know if Ashton Kutcher and his camera crew are hiding underneath your cape. Supergirl would never release an evil alien caught in the act of armed robbery. So, I assume I'm being  Punk'd. I wouldn't assume anything from now on, Cat. Did you just call me Cat? You branded me in the media as a Girl Scout. "Supergirl is brave, kind and strong." Mmm-hmm? Isn't that kind of a stock characterization? Very two-dimensional. Everyone knows real people have a dark side. Yes, but you don't get to be a real person. You're a superhero. You get to represent all the goodness in the world. Yeah, well, I'm sick of it. And you know what else I'm sick of? Enabling all of you in your victimhood. "Oh, well, my building's burning down, la-di-dah. "Supergirl will just swoop in and save the day." Well, get used to the flames, people, 'cause I quit. Supergirl... I fear that you're having some sort of mental breakdown. Don't worry, it happens to the best of us, and I'm happy to take you to Dr. Shuman for emergency Lexapro, that is, if your alien brain will respond to the SSRls. But in the meantime, I would lay low. This haughty attitude is highly unsuitable. Well, I learned it from the best. Cat Grant. (CHUCKLING) You're the most arrogant, self-serving, mean-spirited person I know. Now, you listen to me. I made you. And you are not going to let me down. Or what? Or what? Wait, I forgot. You're the most powerful person in National City. At least that's what they say on TV. You want to see what powerful really looks like? Watch. (GRUNTING) (SCREAMING) (GROANING) True power, Cat, is deciding who will live and who will die. And don't ever call me again. Director Henshaw, need to talk to you please. Hey, something bad has happened to Kara. We know. She was acting strange. Distracted. We thought it was personal at first, but then she let an alien fugitive escape. Pull up the missions Supergirl has run in the last 48 hours. Alex : The fire. Run a thermodynamic scan. Look at the radiation signature. That's Kryptonite. Not exactly. It's synthetic. It's manmade. Well, it's close to the real thing, but whoever made it, didn't get it quite right. Meaning what? It's not damaging her on a cellular level. But it could explain the erratic behavior. Who the hell would make Kryptonite? Yeah, that's my bad. Come on. This isn't necessary. I came here to help. I didn't even know Kryptonite was a thing. Until we showed you. And we took down Bizarro. I went through all that trouble to create her, when all this time, right in front of me, was a substance whose sole molecular purpose was to kill Kryptonians. Sort of ironic. You're outta your mind. I'm only practical. Non and his army will return. Soon. So, I took matters into my own hands. You've recreated Kryptonite. Tried to. I just didn't get it right. The satellite on that rooftop was yours. You set a trap for Non. The fire, that was an accident. I never meant to endanger any firefighters, any civilians. Not even Supergirl. So, you figured if you booby-trapped a satellite, then your Kryptonite would kill Non just in case you went to go check on it? It didn't work exactly as planned. It never does with you! I didn't know Supergirl would show up or that be she's affected by the synthetic K in such a surprising... You're right. You just thought it would kill her. When I realized Supergirl had been exposed, I started tracking her to see what the Red Kryptonite would do to her. I saw her let the alien escape. I didn't know what to think. And then tonight, she threw Cat Grant off her building. She killed Ms. Grant? No. Cat has nine lives. She's fine. But Supergirl isn't. I'm sorry, Alex. I came in to make this right. I created Red Kryptonite. Maybe I can create an antidote. (SIGHING) You better hope so, for National City's sake. Because you just turned Supergirl into the monster you always feared she'd be. Ms. Grant, what's going on? (SIGHING) Supergirl has completely gone off the rails. And I have to publicly denounce her as a villain. Ms. Grant, Supergirl's not a... Not a villain. That doesn't change anything. People are in danger and the public needs to be warned. Ms. Grant, look. I am sure that Supergirl is gonna be fine soon. But if you denounce her, it's not gonna matter. She'll have lost the city's trust. She threw me off of a balcony. I fell 40 stories. I was a few feet away from splattering onto the pavement when she flew down and caught me on a whim. Now, I appreciate that you are trying to cure her, but at this moment, can you guarantee me that the public is safe? Can you guarantee that any of us are safe? No. Citizens of National City, this is Cat Grant, live from Catco Plaza. As you all know, I have been Supergirl's most outspoken champion. So, you can imagine how difficult it is for me to tell you that I and Catco can no longer stand behind Supergirl. I made you trust her. I gave you my word that she was safe,  a friend. I was wrong. Supergirl has changed. She is unstable and extremely dangerous. She threw me off of a building last night and threatened my life and... Who knows what else she is capable of? It's not easy being let down by our idols. Having someone who embodies our heroic ideals helps us believe that we can be heroes, too. Sometimes heroes fall. So, please, for your own safety, stay away from Supergirl. Okay, that's enough. Turn it off. Play it on a loop. Everyone needs to know. (CLEARING THROAT) Kara? Hello, sister. Look, I picked out my own outfit without any fashion advice from you. All these years you've pushed those dowdy sweaters and skirts on me! Trying to cloak my beauty so I don't outshine yours. Kara! (LAUGHING MANICALLY) I needed a wardrobe overhaul. (LAUGHING MANICALLY) Kara, this isn't you. I'm more me than I've ever been. Please, listen. You were exposed to Red Kryptonite. It's altered your brain. You're not seeing clearly. Oh, I see clearly! I see how you've always been jealous of me! You didn't want me to come out as Supergirl because you didn't want me to own my powers. I can fly. I can catch bullets with my bare hands. And that makes you feel worthless. No. No, I'm proud of you. And when you couldn't stop me being Supergirl, you got me to work for you. To retain some control. (SCOFFING) Those days are so over. I am finally free of you, and I'm ready to soar. Look at that city. They worship me. And those who don't, will. Alex : Kara, just listen to yourself. Go, cut the big sister act, Alex. We have never been sisters. We don't share blood. And you know what the sad truth is? Without me, you have no life. And that kills you. Deep down, you hate me. And that's why you killed my aunt. Aww, did I make you cry? (SNIFFLING) You know what they say, the truth hurts. (CRYING) (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) Is it ready, yet? Almost. Alex. How is Kara? She's gone, Hank... I don't even know who she is anymore. I don't know what she's capable of. Senator Crane : You need to take her down. I know this is personal for both of you. But you need to use everything the DEO has and protect this city from Supergirl. I'm not going to kill her. Yes, Supergirl saved my life. That's the last thing I want. But the DEO's job is to protect this world from alien threats. What do you call Supergirl right now? Vasquez, assemble the troops. We're moving out. Supergirl's the target. If anything can reverse the red Kryptonite effect on your sister, this should do it. It better. Good luck. I mean that. As you all know, I have been Supergirl's most outspoken champion. So, you can imagine how difficult it is for me to tell you that I and Catco can no longer stand behind Supergirl. (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) (GASPS) I made you trust her. I gave you my word that she was safe... (GLASS SHATTERING) That she was a friend. I was wrong. Supergirl has changed. She is unstable and extremely dangerous. Sometimes, heroes fall. (POLICE SIREN BLARING) So, please, for your own safety... Stay away... (CRASHING) (TIRES SCREECHING) (POWERING UP) (GROANING) (TIRES SCREECHING) Supergirl : Classic Alex. Always in time to ruin the fun. Supergirl. I want to help you. Hank Henshaw : Supergirl! No! Doesn't look like help to me. (ALEX PANTING) Alex : Please! You have to stop. Nothing on Earth can stop me. (SHAKILY) You don't want to kill me. (POWERING UP) (BREATHING HEAVILY) (GROWLING) (SUPERGIRL GROANING) (GRUNTING) Don't do this. (CRASHING) (GLASS SHATTERING) (GRUNTING) (GROANING) (POWERING UP) (PANTING) (PEOPLE CLAMORING) Go. Please. (PANTING) Did I kill anyone? No. No, you didn't kill anyone. (VOICE BREAKING) Your arm... Broken bones heal and this will too. (SNIFFLING) (CRYING) It was so horrible, Alex. It was so bad. It was so horrible. Every bad thought I've ever had, it just came to the surface. (SOBBING) I couldn't stop it. I didn't mean it... I didn't mean what I said to you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry for what I said. Kara, you're my sister and I love you. No matter what. Yeah. There's some truth to what you said. We're going to have to work on that. What about J'onn? What do I call you? My name is J'onn J'onzz. Is Hank Henshaw dead? Yes. Did you kill him? (SIGHING) I've always been afraid of aliens. My whole life. And then you changed my mind. But now I realize you and everything you said is a lie. (DOOR OPENING) Why didn't you run? You could've gotten away. Because I'd spend a thousand years in this cell if it meant keeping you and your sister safe. (SIGHING) James : Hey. You okay? No. (CHUCKLING) About the other night... Listen, I know it wasn't your fault. So... Why do I get the feeling that we're not okay? Because we're not. (EXHALING) I did not mean those things I said about Lucy. Yeah, but there had to be some truth to it, Kara. Okay, I mean, just to know that you have that sort of anger inside of you... No, I don't hate Lucy. I promise. I... (SIGHING) Was jealous of her. I've always been jealous of her. I would be jealous of anyone you loved. (EXHALING) James, I... Don't finish that sentence. I need a little time. To think. Okay. I love this city. (EXHALING) The lights. All the windows. I love that behind every window there's a story. Someone's eating take-out with their boyfriend. Someone's playing board games with their kids. (EXHALING) To me, every person in the city is a light. And every time I've helped one of them... A little bit of their light has become a part of me. I've never been happier than when I've been Supergirl... I know what happened wasn't exactly my fault, my... My brain was altered. But it brought something inside of me out. That was mean and horrible... What I did to you, Ms. Grant. Cat : Oh, please. I've base jumped Mount Kilimanjaro. Do you really think you scared me? Well, okay, yes, you did scare me. I know... I scared the whole city... And now I'm so afraid that I'm never gonna win them back. Well... (SIGHING) If you came here for me to tell you that everything is going to be okay, I can't do that. It's not that easy. (SIGHING) I know. Now, I said that it's not going to be easy. But I didn't say it would be impossible. Personally, I don't believe in failure. Not if you get back up and face the music. It takes time. But if anybody can win this city back... It's you. Can I just sit here for a little while? Of course. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 