Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=18484 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/22/15 18:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Kara Zor-El. 24 years ago my planet, Krypton, was in serious peril. My cousin, Kal-El, was sent to a planet called Earth. for his own safety and protection You may know his story. The story you don't know is that I was sent to protect him. 
 Your pod's coordinates are interlocked with Kal-El's. You will follow him to Earth. 
 I'm not afraid, Father. 
 The trip is long but you'll sleep most of the way and we'll be with you in your dreams. 
 You'll journey to Earth to look after your baby cousin, Kal-El. 
 Because of the Earth's yellow sun, you'll have great powers on this planet. 
 You will do extraordinary things. 
 I won't fail Kal-El or you. 
 I love you, Kara. 
 (EXPLOSION) 
 You must go, now. 
 (SOBS) 
 Go! 
 Kara :  Things didn't exactly go according to my mother's plan. 
 Krypton's destruction sent a shock wave that knocked my pod off course and into the Phantom Zone. 
 A region in space where time doesn't pass. 
 I slept there for 24 years until somehow I got here. 
 When I arrived, I was still a 13-year-old girl. 
 But in that same time my cousin Kal-El had grown up and revealed himself to your world as Superman. 
 The most powerful man in the universe. 
 My cousin wanted me to have the same safe human-type childhood he did. 
 So he placed me with my adoptive family, the Danvers. 
 Scientists who once helped him understand his own super abilities. I know I'm not your mom, sweetheart. But you're safe here. Kara :  They had a daughter, Alex. And despite being born on different planets, we both shared one thing. We knew our lives would never be the same again. My cousin, he didn't need my protection. I didn't have a mission anymore. But even though I had all the same powers he did... (GRUNTS) Sorry, sorry. Kara :  I decided the best thing I could do is fit in. After all, Earth didn't need another hero. I need two tickets in the orchestra section for  Wicked. No, not for Miss Grant. Her mother wants to see it. Yes, again. Sure, I'll hold. Charlie? I'm calling about the Correspondents Dinner, I need to make sure Miss Grant doesn't end up next to Bill O'Reilly again. Kara :  I work at Catco Worldwide Media. An online and print empire built by my boss, Cat Grant. The most powerful woman in National City. At least, for the next few days. Did you see this? There was an armored car robbery last night. There were no witnesses except for this homeless guy who swears the perp had horns. Thanks. Like, on his head! (BOTH CHUCKLE) I'm telling you, they're out there. Aliens! Winn, there's no such thing as aliens. (CHUCKLES) Well, you might feel differently if you read this website. You write that website. I contribute... (STUTTERS) Hey, um, I was wondering if maybe you wanna... I don't know, go see, go see a movie tonight. I... I can't. I'm sorry. (INHALES DEEPLY) I have a date. Date, really? Mmm. That's great... Fun. Dating is fun. Who is that with? It's an online date. Says we are 82% compatible, so... Should be good. You know that you can't quantify emotions based on an algorithm? Winn, you're IT, isn't your whole life based on algorithms? Yes, so if there was an algorithm for love I think that I would know about it. It's just like you're gonna know when it hits you, Kara. It'll be all “Wah-pow”. Cat : Ugh, this elevator is a human petri-dish. It's like standing up in coach. She's here. How do you do that? Good morning, Miss Grant. The only reason I bought this building was because it had a private elevator. That way, I don't have to get soaked in cheap cologne every morning, getting to my office. Find out who used it, have them reprimanded, or bathed, I don't care which. Here's your latte. Hot. (CAT SIGHS) That'll be new and different. I have a meeting with the board today at lunch, so cancel sushi with my mother. Oh, and cancel my therapist. I won't be needing it if I'm not having lunch with my mother. Got it. Also, I've emailed a list. Prepare termination letters for the  Tribune  employees as noted. But it would be so nice if you handwrote them. Use the lesser card stock. You're downsizing the  Tribune? But that was your first acquisition. Go see if the new art director has the layout ready. It's not that I don't see your frown, it's just that I don't care enough to ask why it's there. All those people, they're going to lose their jobs. (INHALES) What's going to happen to them, to their families? They don't have to downsize at the  Daily Planet. Metropolis has a person who wears a cape and flies around performing heroic acts. The  Planet  puts this superlative man on their cover 54% of the time. You wanna save the  Trib?  Go find me a hero, Kerah. (SOFTLY) Kara. Hello? Hello? James : I'll be just a minute. (CLEARS THROAT) Miss Grant sent me for layouts and she doesn't like to wait. Well, she can wait a minute. Have you met Miss Grant? Yeah, what is she gonna do? Fire me right after hiring me? Her loss. Hey. I'm the new guy. (KARA CHUCKLES) (CLEARS THROAT) Oh, it's him. I've seen this picture, uh, like a million times. It won the Pulitzer. Wow. Yeah, only 'cause it was the first real shot of him. Little secret, he actually posed for that. I guess he likes me. Oh, my God, you're Jimmy Olsen. The photographer from the  Daily Planet. James Olsen. Well, Jimmy is reserved for my mom and the big guy. He's kind of stuck in his ways. Um, I know what I've read, but... What's he like in real life? He is everything you want him to be and more. I mean... I was scared to move out here, but, uh, he told me the biggest risk is never taking any, so... Hmm. Take it. Hmm? Take it. This? No. Oh, God, no, I can't. I can't. It's just a print. Please, take it. But first you have to tell me who you are. I never got your name. Oh. (LAUGHS) Gosh. Hi. (STAMMERS) Kara. Uh, Kara Danvers. Kara. Anyone ever tell you that you look a little like him right here? No. Uh, no. No, you're the first. Uh, thank you. Very much. Yeah, of course. Um... Layouts. (CHUCKLING) Right. Almost forgot them. Bye. (WHISPERING) Wah-pow. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) I have a conference in Geneva and I need to be on a plane in 2 hours. And I have a blind date in half an hour and I need you to help me pick out what to wear. I win. Why do you do this to me? Because I'm your sister and you love me. I don't know, I feel like I'm not living up to my potential. I went to work for Cat Grant because I thought working in a media company run by a powerful woman who actually shapes the way people think would be the way that I could make a difference. But, instead, I just fetch layouts and coffee. You always wanted to be normal, right? So, having a crappy boss and absolutely nothing to wear... This is what normal looks like. I am not normal! I have the same powers he does. I can lift a bus, stop a bullet. Alex, I can fly. At least, I think I can. I haven't done it in years. Kara, you've got a good job, you're cute, and thanks to your alien DNA you can't get pimples. (CHUCKLES) Life is not so bad. But, if you really wanna help somebody, you'll pick between one of these two, so I can get on my plane. Uh, yep. Good choice. When in doubt, go with blue, it is your color. All right. Text me every detail from your date and I will call you when I'm back from Geneva. I love you. Love you. (MUSIC PLAYING) So, where you from originally? Like where was I born? Um, uh, north. (CELL PHONE VIBRATING) (CHUCKLES) I gotta hit this back real quick. Man : Check please. Make sure your number's on it. (SIGHS) Man on TV :  If you're just joining us, shortly after take-off, National City Airlines, Flight 237 bound for Geneva, is experiencing some loss of altitude. The pilot seems to be circling the city after apparent engine failure. Did he say Geneva? Alex. (SIREN WAILING) (PEOPLE SCREAMING) We just lost another engine. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. (PEOPLE SCREAMING) (INDISTINCT SHOUTING) Pilot :  Flight attendants, brace for impact. (METAL CLANKING) (ENGINE ROARS) We're leveling off. Oh, come on! (GRUNTING) (METAL CREAKING) (SCREAMING) (ALL SCREAMING) (YELLS) (SIGHS) (PEOPLE CHEERING) (CAMERA CLICKING) The passengers of Flight 237 appear to have a guardian angel. When, what many report to be a female flying form... (SQUEALS) Oh, my God. ...Rescued them from certain death. Leyna Nguyen is live at the scene. Thank you, Rick. Guardian angel or human wrecking ball? What? There is destruction all over Otto Binder Bridge. And one... Well, you try saving a plane for the first time. See if you don't make a mess. (SIGHS) Oh, my God. I know! (GIGGLING) It's incredible! (BONES CRACKING) Ow. Oh, sorry. That was... That was too hard. I'm just... I'm so excited. (PANTING) I still can't believe I did it. Yeah. Neither can I. Are you okay? Me? Am I okay? Are you okay? Yes, thank you. Were you scared? I mean, I was scared too, but you... You had to be terrified. Because you had no idea I was coming to save you. I need a drink. Right! Yeah, we need to celebrate. It has been so long. I almost forgot how to fly. Well, not so much “how,” but more, more how it feels, like... Scared, but good scared. Like, like that moment right before you kiss someone for the first time. And now... Now it's like... I'm not sure what comes next. Or maybe I am sure and I'm just afraid of what it means. And if it means what I think it means. What were you thinking? (SCOFFS) You exposed yourself. To the world. You're out there now, Kara. Everyone will know about you and you can't take that back. I don't want to. This is what I was talking about, Alex. I've always felt the need to help people, and tonight I finally got that chance. I... I didn't travel 2,000 light-years just to be an assistant. What if people figure out who you are? What you are? It's just... It's not safe for you to do anything like that. Ever again. Oh. I'm kind of tired, I... I just carried a plane on my back. I'm gonna go to bed. You should go. Don't say I didn't warn you. Man :  Good morning, National City. Our top story, the only story anyone's talking about. Who is the mystery flying woman who saved the plane? (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) (INDISTINCT TALKING) Woman on TV :  Despite extensive efforts, no one has been able to identify who, or rather, what she is. Pretty cool, huh? A plane-saving lady? (SCOFFS) How is the world supposed to take her seriously if she can't even come up with a suit? What... Metropolis gets him and what does National City get? Some rookie superhero? I know many of you are used to being second best but it's new to me. The most incredible event in the history of National City and yet we have no exclusive of any kind. We don't have much to go on. The image we're working off is low res... I guess she's around 5'9”. It's tough to Gauge with her height measured up against an airplane. Hair color brown. Or black. James : Or maybe her hair is just dirty. You know, from soot. The plane exhaust. James, you make an excellent point. Do you think there's any connection between this hero and... To my friend in blue? I don't know. I mean, not that he mentioned, but if she's anything like him, she's a hero. Saving people is what they're born to do. She'll be back. Cat : Hmm. She better be. This girl is the answer. She is exactly what I need to save the  Tribune. Besides fatty foods, there is nothing people love more than a hero. We are going to blow her up. We will feature her online and in the paper, but we need images, we need video, we need an interview, and exclusive content. So go. Go get me that girl. And, Kerah... Go get me a lettuce wrap. James : It's funny. That was the first thing he did. Save a plane, I mean. (EXHALES) Winn, I need to talk to you on the roof. The roof? Kara? Hey, uh, just whatever you have to say, can you make it quick? I'm not really into being this high up. Okay, um, Winn, I'm going to tell you something about me that only three people in my life know. Can I trust you? Yeah, yeah, of course. Good. Um, I just... I really want someone to be excited for me. And I, um... Right, how do... Uh, there's something about me that for most of my life, I've run from it. But last night, I embraced who I am and I don't want to stop. Oh, my God, you're a lesbian. Oh, Kara, that's why you're not into me. This is, this is great news! No. I'm not gay! I'm... I'm her! (SIGHS) The woman who saved the plane! (CHUCKLES) (CHUCKLING) Okay. Yeah, okay. Right. Kara, what are you doing? Hey, Kara! Hey, get away from the ledge, you're gonna get hurt. Kara! Hey! You're... You're her! Yup. (CHUCKLING) Man on TV :  More reports coming in on last night's plane rescue. The big question. Is there a connection between this mysterious flying woman... More coffee. ...and the Man of Steel? Hey! Waitress : Sorry about that, sir. Can you believe it? A female hero. Nice for my daughter to have someone like that to look up to. Yeah, real nice. (BONES CRACKING) What happened with the plane, Vartox? You were ordered to bring it down. Our trap worked. The DEO agents were on board and the bomb detonated. Then why aren't they dead? The female. She flew into the sky and caught the plane. Who is she? Zor-El saved his child before Krypton's destruction. Alura's daughter. She's working with the humans. Twelve years we've been forced to hide in the shadows. But the General's arrival is imminent. Nothing must interfere. You are instructed to eliminate the human operatives. You can add this girl to the list. Can't promise her death won't be public. And messy. Human casualties are irrelevant. Good. And if she is Alura Zor-El's daughter, then she will pay for her mother's debts. And so will her city. So, how is it? Huh? How does it fit? I'm not flying around saving people in this thing. I... I wouldn't even wear it to the beach. Where's my cape? Capes are lame. Tell your cousin I said so. Actually, never, never do that. (KARA CLEARS THROAT) (INHALES SHARPLY) Oh. 
 
 Kara, you look really pretty without your glasses. Winn. So, uh... To be a superhero you need a crime. I hacked into the NCPD. There's a car chase on the 112 freeway. I can do a car chase! (POLICE SIREN WAILING) A cape aids with aerodynamics, I should have thought of that. Officer on radio :  West National City Bank. Reporting a 432. Sixth and Spring. Suspects are armed and dangerous. You, uh... You're sure you're bulletproof? Hope so. All right, the new cape is made from a structured polymer composite. It's much sturdier than... And, uh... (CHUCKLES) This one has the “S.” For “Super,” just like your cousin. It's not an “S”. It's my family's coat of arms. The House of El. Officer on radio :  Four-alarm fire at Gates and Igle. I'm assuming you can't catch on fire. (SIRENS WAILING AT A DISTANCE) (PANTING) (GRUNTING) Made of low-grade Kryptonite. Radioactive mineral from your home planet. It weakens you. (PANTING) Where... Where am I? Who are you? Name is Hank Henshaw. And I believe you already know Agent Danvers. She doesn't need those. Welcome to the DEO, the Department of Extranormal Operations. The DEO monitors and protects Earth from extraterrestrial presence and/or invasion. That means you. Your ship. We keep it here as a reminder of the day you crashed on Earth. You're the reason for all of this. Me? But... My... But my cousin was here two dozen years before me. And it was his arrival that triggered the need for this organization. We realized we weren't alone in the universe and we might soon be getting more immigrants. Sure enough, you came along. And with you, Fort Rozz. Fort Rozz? Krypton's maximum security prison. Banished to the Phantom Zone, same place your ship got stuck. But just like yours, it didn't stay there. We're not sure how your pod got loose. What we do know is this. You pulled Fort Rozz with you. When it crashed, the alien convicts, the worst criminals in the galaxy, they all escaped. And you brought them here. These beings, some of them have powers from your darkest nightmares. For over a decade they've stayed hidden. But in the last year many have been emerging, making themselves known. They're planning something. We're just not sure what it is yet. Your plane. That wasn't an accident. They were trying to kill you. I can help you stop them. How? You couldn't even stop us from capturing you. I'm still learning. Our job is keeping people in the dark about alien life on Earth, and nothing says “covert operation” like a flying woman in a red skirt. They know about my cousin, they don't fear him. Plenty of people do, just not popular to admit it. You wanna help? Go back to getting someone's coffee. Alex : I know you're mad and you're hurt. I wanted to tell you every single day... No, instead, you told me every single day not to be who I really am. You have to listen to me. I can't! This just kind of feels like one big coincidence, doesn't it? You working here, hunting down aliens, me being one? I... I can't help but think the real reason that you were recruited was because of me. They recruited me because my background in bio-engineering makes me an expert on alien physiology. And, yeah, it helps that I shared a bathroom with one. I'm leaving now. Unless you wanna try and stop me. Which I wouldn't. (SIGHS) I know you don't wanna hear this, Agent Danvers, but she's dangerous. You, above all people, should know that. Man on TV :  Of course, leave it to media magnate, Cat Grant, to put a name to a face. Miss Grant dubbed National City's new female hero, “Supergirl.” And if Twitter is any indicator, the name appears to be catching on. “Supergirl”? We can't name her that! “We” didn't. Right, I'm sorry. It's just, uh... I don't want to minimize the importance of this. (STAMMERING) A female superhero. Shouldn't she be called Superwoman? I'm sorry, darling, I just can't hear you over the loud color of your cheap pants. (EXHALES) If we call her “Supergirl,” something less than what she is, doesn't that make us guilty of being anti-feminist? Didn't you say she was a hero? I'm the hero. I stuck a label on the side of this girl, I branded her. She will forever be linked to Catco, to the  Tribune,  to me. And what do you think is so bad about “Girl”? Huh? I'm a girl. And your boss, and powerful, and rich, and hot and smart. So if you perceive “Supergirl” as anything less than excellent, isn't the real problem you? And if you're so smart, Kerah, could you please give me one reason why I shouldn't fire you? James : I printed it. And it's an even higher resolution than you hoped for. Cat : James. You are interrupting a very craftily worded termination. Kara wanted to surprise you, but she has a teller friend that works at West National City Bank. The branch that got robbed. Right! Right, yes, I went there. You know, it took me a while to park my car in the streets. The one-way streets are so confusing. (CHUCKLES) (JAMES CLEARS THROAT) You tell it so much better. (CHUCKLES) (CLEARS THROAT) Kara convinced her source to allow us to use a photograph that she captured. You got a clean image of Supergirl? Kerah, if you can't take credit when you do something well, you are gonna be at the bottom of the pile forever. But,  mazel tov. You bought yourself another day. I was handling the situation. Oh, yeah? What was your plan? To get yelled at and fired? 'Cause that was working. I don't need you or anyone else fighting my battles for me. (HIGH PITCHED SQUEAL) Vartox :  I'm communicating at 50,000 hertz. If you can hear this... You okay? ...you were not born on this Earth. I, uh... Yeah, I... I have a headache. I need some water. Painful, isn't it? The humans of National City will suffer 10 times this pain if you don't face me. Meet me at the National City Power Plant. How many innocent people are going to die until you prove that you are not a coward... Daughter of Alura? (BREATHING HEAVILY) (HEART BEATING) Clever. Picking a spot lined with lead. But I can still hear your heartbeat. (KARA GRUNTS) (PANTING) On my planet, females bow before males. This is not your planet. You look like Alura. How do you know my mother's name? You don't easily forget the name of the woman who condemned you to prison. Fort Rozz? She was our judge and jailer. Can't kill her. So killing you will have to do. (GROANS) (VARTOX GRUNTS) (GROANING) (ELECTRICITY CRACKLING) Just because you wear that symbol on your chest doesn't mean you're him. Fighting him would be an honor. Fighting you is just exercise. (KARA GRUNTS) You actually think that you could stop me? That you'd be able to stop any of us? (GROANING) (GRUNTS) (YELLS) (PANTING) Now you know what it's like to bleed. Soon, your whole city will bleed. (CHOKING) (EXPLOSION) Trap One, pursue the hostile. Man :  Copy that. Hey, hey, I'm here. I got you, I got you. You're gonna be okay. I never felt pain like that before. Uh, I've never felt pain. You're not indestructible, Kara. Nice move nearly letting that alien cut you in half. If we can ID his weapon, it might give us a way to defeat him. Look at that. (LAUGHS) You did help. Did you know about my mom? That she was the one who locked up all those aliens? It's why I didn't want you going out there. Showing yourself, showing this. The Fort Rozz escapees would give anything to get revenge on your mother and the only way that they can do that now is to hurt you. I'm trying to protect you. You were right. The world doesn't need me. (KNOCK ON DOOR) Alex : Kara, it's me. Can we talk? I know you can see me. I know what you're thinking. That this is all your fault. But it's not. Before you came to live with us, I was the star. And then, I mean, how could I compete with you? With someone who could touch the stars? You know, I was happy when you decided not to use your powers. You know, you feeling like less, somehow made me feel like more. Now the world needs you to fly, Kara. I can't, Alex. I can't do it. Yeah, you can. Your family believes in you. I know you do. Oh, I don't mean me. That's Kryptonese writing. Yeah. Hank and his old team recovered it from the pod that brought you to Earth. Mom. Kara, my brave daughter. By now you have become the woman I knew you would grow up to be. And though you were sent to Earth to protect young Kal-El, your destiny is not tied to his. There is no correct path in life. You will lose your way many times. What's important is that you find your way back to the brave girl you always were. Be wise, be strong and always be true to yourself. (SOBS) So, what do we do now? First things first. You need to change. (CHUCKLES) It's Agent Danvers and her sister from another planet. She's here to help us fight Vartox. I told you I don't trust aliens. There's no one I trust more. Like her cousin, she was sent here, too, to help us. And if you want any more of my help, we're gonna let her. Vasquez : I found Vartox. Sir. Uh, ma'ams. Where? The sliver of metal you extracted from Supergirl's arm. Vartox's ax has a unique nuclear thumbprint. Satellites picked him up heading towards the city. Vartox said he was ready to start killing humans. Order a strike team to intercept. Your men will not be able to stop him. Thank you for your opinion, Miss Danvers. Director Henshaw. People of this city will die because of something I did. I started this. You have to let me stop it. Make sure you win. Do you have eyes on the target? I got him. (EXPLOSION) You never should have come back for more. (GRUNTS) (YELLS) (KARA GRUNTS) (VARTOX GROANS) (GRUNTING) She's not strong enough. Why? Because she's just a girl? It's exactly what we were counting on. I analyzed the metal on the ax. It's powered by a self-generating atomic charge reaching temperatures up to 2500 degrees. How does that help? If it gets any hotter than that it's gonna explode. She just has to get close enough to do her thing. (GRUNTING) (GROANING) (KARA GROANS) (VARTOX GRUNTS) Stop, I give up. I don't wanna die. Give your mother my regards. (GRUNTS) Kara, do it now. (KARA PANTING) (KARA GROANING) It's not working. I can't do it! It's why you were sent here. I believe that now, you have to believe it too. (SCREAMING) (BREATHES HEAVILY) (SIGHS) It's over. You think I'm the threat? (PANTING) You have no idea what's coming. (CHEERING) She followed your orders. She won. Yeah. This time. Director Henshaw. I wasn't only recruited because of my sister, was I? Yeah, she's why you got in. You are why you get to stay. Uh, if... If I believe the comments on the website, they mentioned a “Female/reptilian boxing match in the desert.” I'll tell you all about it at our next crime-fighting lunch hour. Wait, so the Super Friends are back? We're not calling ourselves that. (PHONE RINGING) Kara : James. Uh, do you have time to grab lunch? You must be hungry. You probably burn up a lot of calories fighting an ax-wielding alien. Meet me on the roof. You knew. This whole time. He told you. Well, he knew that I was trying to expand my own horizons, so, as a favor, he asked me to expand them here, National City. Hang out. Be near you. So, so, wait a minute. He... He wanted me to do this? Why didn't he just tell me? Because he wanted you to choose it for yourself. (SIGHS) The same way he did. That's what makes a hero, Kara. Here. From him. It's the blanket he was wrapped in when he was a baby. Apparently, this cape won't shred. Thank you. He's really proud of you. Me too. Now, don't you have a city to protect? You know... Up, up and away? (CHUCKLES) Kara :  I was sent here to protect my cousin. Turns out he didn't need my protection. (POLICE SIREN WAILING) But there's a whole planet full of people who do. Earth doesn't have just one hero anymore. Now it has me. Now it has Supergirl. The Commander : General, Vartox is dead. He chose death over capture. General : Typical of his race. The Commander : He did accomplish one thing. The identity of the girl. It seems she is Alura's daughter. My dear little niece. Of course. She escaped with her cousin. A much less of a threat than he is to our endeavors. You're wrong. If she's anything like her mother, she will be just as formidable. It was my right to lead Krypton, I will lead Earth. We all will. Find her and kill her. Are you certain, General? After all, Kara Zor-El is your blood. No one can be allowed to stand against us. Not even my niece. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 