Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Hostile Takeover - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Hostile Takeover https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=24295 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/15/15 08:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Hostile Takeover 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  When I was a child, my planet Krypton was dying. I was sent to Earth to protect my cousin. But my pod got knocked off-course and by the time I got here, my cousin had already grown up and become Superman. And so I hid my powers, until recently when an accident forced me to reveal myself to the world. To most people I'm an assistant at Catco Worldwide Media. But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the DEO to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. I am Supergirl. 
 Kara :  Previously on  Supergirl... 
 Alex :  You may have powers,  but so do most of the Fort Rozz aliens. 
 They've also had time to master their abilities. 
 Aunt Astra. You died. 
 I was a prisoner aboard Fort Rozz. 
 Hank Henshaw : I made your father a promise, that I would take care of his daughter. 
 My name is J'onn J'onzz. 
 Astra. 
 Astra : My dear niece. 
 Did you really think this was over? 
 (GRUNTING) 
 Why doesn't Kryptonite hurt you? 
 Kryptonite? (CHUCKLES) 
 Is that what you call it? 
 It's just like any other dangerous substance. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 Shield yourself in the right materials and it becomes harmless. 
 Afraid of a fair fight? 
 I don't want to fight you, Kara. 
 I've been blaming you for things that happened a long... 
 Don't touch me! 
 Your mother always said you had the heart of a hero. 
 I need for you to be a hero, Kara. 
 It's time for us to be a family again. 
 You're not my family. 
 I know you hate me. 
 Good. 
 We understand each other. 
 She's gone, General. 
 Astra's back and she's up to something. 
 And she has your Kryptonite knife. 
 You didn't get that back by any chance? 
 I really like that knife. 
 Wait a minute. 
 So the Kryptonite wasn't affecting her? 
 How can that be? 
 Oh, that's more awesome news. 
 She has created a suit that makes her invulnerable to it. 
 That changes the game. 
 Why'd she attack you now, after all this time? 
 She's recruiting me for her crazy cause, whatever it is. 
 She said Earth needs both of us. 
 But according to the A.I. of my mother, Astra's idea of helping people on Krypton was blowing up government buildings, so... 
 She wants you off the board. 
 This could be the beginning of what we've feared since Fort Rozz first crashed on Earth, a city-wide attack. 
 I'll head out now. 
 No, wait a minute. 
 You need at least a few hours of rest to recover. 
 Now is not the time to big sister me, okay? 
 You're no good to anyone if you go out there weakened and she kills you. 
 Go home. Sleep. Knock her on her ass another day. 
 Will you stop handling me? 
 It's my job to stop her... 
 No. It's not. 
 It's Hank's. 
 Tomorrow. Come in and we'll spar to make sure you're ready, okay? 
 You two seem pretty chummy. 
 (SIGHS) We were wrong about Hank. 
 He didn't have anything to do with my dad's death. 
 How do you know? 
 Just... I do. Trust me. 
 Fine. 
 Ugh, I hope it's a slow day at work tomorrow. 
 Woman : (ON TV)  In what is being described as a vicious cyber attack, Cat Grant, Founder and CEO of Catco Worldwide Media, has been hacked. 
 Man : (ON TV)  Cat Grant has been unavailable for comment, but how long... 
 Lawyer : So far, nobody's made any demands, which leads us to think that whoever did this simply wanted to embarrass you. 
 Well... 
 Mission accomplished. 
 In the last hour alone, the  Daily Planet  has published my real age, the fact that I have three personal shoppers on-call at Barneys and that I asked out Idris Elba on a date and he said no. 
 His loss. 
 So, you're my lawyers. 
 Can't we just sue every outlet that's publishing these e-mails? 
 We can try, but it's a process. 
 Imagine if someone dumped all of Lois Lane's personal e-mails into your lap, wouldn't you publish them? 
 Only if I wanted people to die of boredom. 
 Due respect, Ms. Grant, you are the very public face of Catco. 
 The entire company's been embarrassed by this incident. 
 Don't make it worse. 
 I am sure this is all going to blow over, Ms. Grant. 
 What planet are you from? 
 Um, this one. 
 Stories like this do not blow over. They blow up. 
 Then you have to fight. 
 No matter what the lawyers say. 
 I would, but I don't know who I'm fighting. 
 I need to get ahead of this. 
 Schedule a meeting with the board. 
 And also, go through every single one of my e-mails and flag anything that can be used against me. 
 If there is something damning, I want to find it before the world does. 
 All your e-mails? Like, ever? 
 I... I may need help. 
 Fine. Go. Wait. 
 Only people you trust on this one. 
 James Olsen and that handsome little Hobbit who has more cardigans than you do. 
 Here are Ms. Grant's e-mails from the server, printed out. 
 Ugh! So much evil in three-hole punch form. 
 The  Planet  just posted another batch of e-mails. 
 Oh, man, look what Cat is spending every month on a haircut. 
 That's more than my rent. 
 And she used the corporate jet... 
 Which is hers! 
 ...to fly to Burning Man last year. 
 Gross. I know what happens there. 
 Okay, so James and I will read the e-mails and, Winn, can you trace the hack? 
 No one knows the computer systems better than you. 
 You speak the truth, Danvers. 
 But, uh, really, shouldn't we be, uh, focusing on the whole, "Psycho-Aunt-Astra's-back-in-town- for-round-two" thing? 
 Is that true? 
 Why didn't you tell me? 
 Oh, I know something before you do. 
 The DEO is handling that. 
 We're saving Ms. Grant. 
 Okay. I'll, uh, do some digging. 
 You're in my way. 
 I meant, excuse me. 
 He's acting weird. 
 He's being Winn. 
 Ever since he saw us hug... 
 Which was just a hug. 
 A friendly hug. We are friends who hug. 
 Nothing more. 
 Nothing more? 
 Because you're with Lucy. 
 Yeah, I'm with Lucy. 
 Non : You didn't kill her. 
 You swore to me Alura's daughter would convert to our cause or die. 
 It's not like you to fail to keep a promise. 
 I told you, she's stronger than we thought. 
 Was it her strength or your weakness? 
 You owe Alura nothing. Certainly not her daughter's life. 
 Alura is not her mother. 
 She can be made to see reason. 
 I sometimes wonder if any of the women in your family can. 
 You forget yourself, Lieutenant. 
 I am your General. 
 I have sworn my allegiance to you in every way possible. 
 I obey your orders and your heart. 
 If you cannot bring yourself to kill her, there is no shame and I do not judge. 
 But let me end her and be done with it. 
 Do not question my resolve, Non. 
 I will see this through. 
 I will die before I allow another world to end when I could save it. 
 If you die, she dies. 
 And I always keep my promises, wife. 
 (KARA GRUNTING) 
 Again. 
 (EXHALES) Again. 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (GROANING) 
 (GROANS) 
 (PANTING) Again. 
 Why did you hesitate? 
 We're just training. 
 And you're my sister. 
 What if I wasn't? 
 What is going on with you? 
 Nothing. I don't want to talk about it. 
 I think you should let us handle this. 
 Don't give me that line you've been giving me for months. 
 This isn't about being ready. 
 Astra is your family. 
 And I think, deep down, whether you want to admit it or not, you still care about her. 
 I don't. 
 Kara, this is war. 
 And to win a war, sometimes the enemy has to die. 
 Now, can you look me in the eye and tell me that you're prepared to kill? 
 Superman doesn't kill. 
 If that's your answer, then you shouldn't fight her. 
 It won't come to that. 
 She has shown that she's ready to kill you. 
 You have to be ready to do the same. 
 What do you remember about her? 
 What are you holding on to? 
 Nothing. It's gone. 
 Astra : Kara. 
 Aunt Astra! You got my message! 
 I would never lose track of my spy beacon. 
 Where have you been? 
 Mother said you were never coming back. 
 Are you in trouble? 
 We all are, little one. 
 Why? Tell me. 
 No one else will tell me. 
 Krypton is dying. 
 Our core is unstable. 
 It has been for a long time because of how we've harnessed it for power. 
 We became greedy. 
 And now the oceans have changed, and the weather. 
 I'm trying to get people to stop and see what they're doing, and in doing so, I've had to do some difficult things. 
 Is that why Mother won't say your name anymore? 
 I would do anything to save us. 
 To save you, Kara. 
 But it isn't safe here for me anymore. I have to go away again. 
 But I didn't wanna leave without saying goodbye. 
 Please don't leave. 
 I couldn't love a daughter more than if Rao had granted me a child of my own. 
 Kara, leave us. 
 Mother... 
 Now, Kara. 
 Hey, everything okay? 
 Fine. Any luck tracing the hack? 
 Uh, not yet. 
 I helped build Catco's firewalls, and so far, there's no signs of any malware or overrides, nothing is out of place. 
 Okay, and what about Ms. Grant's e-mails? 
 All over the map. 
 How bad is it? 
 I mean, I'm compiling a master list but it's always this strange, weird stuff like the fact that Cat invested in  Jekyll and Hyde Musical. 
 (SCOFFS) I still maintain that it was an excellent score. 
 Has she sent in an audition tape to be on  Undercover Boss? 
 Years ago, and only because Anderson Cooper dared me to. 
 And there are 317 e-mails referring to Lois Lane as a... 
 Oh, please. I call her that to her face and worse. 
 Is that it? 
 For the moment. 
 Well, if that's the worst people might read about me, then I'm golden. 
 The factoids couldn't be more benign. 
 The board has to understand that people get hacked. 
 It happens. 
 In some circles, it's a badge of honor. 
 It was bound to happen to one of us eventually, and in a way, thank God it was me. 
 This hack is painting a rather unflattering picture of you, Cat. 
 You don't build a company like Catco by being a wallflower and not having an opinion and a strong point of view. 
 Yes, but devil's advocate here... 
 I, uh, I agree with Cat. 
 I think we should follow her lead on this. 
 Oh, thank you, Dirk. 
 And, ahem, about that one e-mail... 
 The one where you said I was the walking personification of white male privilege? 
 Mmm. (CHUCKLES) 
 Well, obviously you're more of an ally than I thought. 
 Maybe you could take a sabbatical. 
 Put some distance between you and the company? 
 My company, you mean? 
 I don't think, at this point, that's necessary. 
 I mean, if there is a smoking gun, the press is yet to find it. 
 Maybe they never will. 
 No, I, uh, trust Cat's judgment. 
 Besides, if, uh, well, if things get too hot, I'm sure that you'll be the first one to step away. Right, Cat? 
 Absolutely. 
 Ms. Grant? Did it go well? 
 They all smell blood in the water. 
 Keep going through my e-mails. No stone unturned. 
 Whatever the press turns up, Dirk Armstrong is going to pounce all over it. 
 He's as two-faced as they come. 
 Oh, we have opened the floodgates and the press is gonna do the rest. 
 I think she'll be out by the end of the week. 
 Kara : Oh, my gosh. 
 What? 
 I... I forgot to put your lunch order in. 
 Does Cobb salad sound good? 
 Delish. 
 (SIGHS) 
 It was Dirk Armstrong, chairman of the board. 
 He hired someone to hack Ms. Grant. 
 How do you know that? 
 I overheard him after the board meeting, talking about setting up Ms. Grant for a fall. 
 You overheard him? 
 Yes, with... With my alien ears. 
 Okay, um, if the hack was ordered by someone inside Catco, that's gonna be a lot harder to trace. 
 So we have to find proof. 
 We should talk to Catco's lawyers if you really suspect Armstrong. 
 No, we can't trust them, they could be working with Armstrong. 
 But we do know someone who has a legal background who might be able to help us. 
 Don't we, James? 
 And this is a completely hypothetical situation? 
 Right, because, you know, if we were actually planning on going after the chairman of the board of the company that we all work at, that would just be insanity. 
 Full-blown, career-ending insanity. 
 Can we get a warrant to search Mr. Armstrong's office? 
 You need something like a paper trail in which Armstrong directly references conspiring against Cat. 
 James : Now, so let's say we get that proof. 
 Then can we stop him? Can we get him fired? 
 If you can prove Armstrong is colluding against Cat, his CEO, then we're talking corporate wrongdoing. 
 Forget fired, you could get him arrested. 
 Thank you, Lucy. 
 But go after Armstrong without hard evidence, and this is my expert legal advice, you'd be making things a lot worse for your boss. 
 Woman : (ON TV)  An unknown woman is hovering over Catco Plaza, with, it seems, the same powers as Supergirl. Does she mean us harm? Should we be concerned? 
 You, um, you have the thing, Kara, you asked me to remind you. 
 Yeah. 
 James : Don't worry about us. 
 We'll keep working on this. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 I saw it. 
 She's calling you out, Kara. You don't have to go. 
 You know I do. 
 Astra! 
 No bodyguards? 
 No knife. 
 No armor. No one besides you and me. 
 Will you talk to me now? 
 You can't say it's not fair. 
 We're done with fair. 
 (BOTH GRUNTING) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 Again. 
 Just like Alura. 
 She was a better woman than you'll ever be. 
 She was a murderer. 
 Liar. 
 Oh, she called me a liar, too. She had to. 
 Had to make someone else responsible for her deception. 
 And cruelty. And weakness. 
 Her only weakness was letting you live! 
 (GROANS) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (SIRENS WAILING) 
 Here. 
 Containment, now. 
 We'll call you when she wakes up. 
 Don't. She can rot. 
 (BEEPING) 
 First of all, I am very happy that your aunt didn't murder you. 
 Thanks, Winn. 
 And second, I got a plan to get Armstrong. 
 Actually, couldn't be easier. 
 All I gotta do is plant this little device on Armstrong's computer, and then I'll be able to access, remotely and discreetly, all of his files. 
 So... So how do we get it on the computer? 
 Um, well, um... One of us is going to have to go over there and do it. 
 I'm... I'm... I gonna have to be running point at my keyboard. 
 And, well, I figured that Kara should be on lookout. 
 She's got the X-Ray vision. 
 Oh! So I'm the one who gets arrested if this doesn't work out. 
 James, you don't have to. 
 No. It's all good. 
 Okay. How do I do this? 
 Yes. Okay, so once we're in Dirk's office, we'll need a distraction. 
 Woman : (ON PHONE)  Dirk Armstrong's office. 
 Uh, yeah, uh, Mr. Armstrong's Maserati is on fire. 
 Armstrong's on the move. 
 (PANTING) Not the Maserati. 
 Not the Maserati. 
 
 
 
 (ELEVATOR DINGS) 
 James, you have approximately 90 seconds to get in and out before Armstrong returns. 
 Okay, I'm in. 
 Guys, we got a problem. 
 The computer is plastic. 
 Dude, that's okay. You just, just pry open the monitor's cooling vent and attach the bug to the inner wiring. 
 What is the point of having all these muscles if you can't open a stupid little plastic box? 
 Winn. 
 Okay, and downloading. 
 Yes! (EXHALES) 
 God, I'm enjoying corporate espionage, like, a little too much. 
 James, hurry, Armstrong is close. 
 I'm going to heat-vision the sprinklers, set off the fire alarm. 
 Or... Or jump out the window and I'll catch you. 
 No. No. I got this. 
 Kara :  But he's going to see you. 
 Mr. Olsen? 
 Curious. 
 Catco's art director stopping by its chairman of the board's office unannounced, on what is, no doubt, Catco's worst day? 
 I wouldn't say that it's Catco's worst day. 
 I'd say it's Cat Grant's. 
 It may get hard to draw that distinction. 
 I agree, except for the fact that Catco's bigger than just one person, even Cat Grant. 
 And if she implodes and the board has to make some changes, I'd just like you to know, you have my full support. 
 Dirk :  Of course, none of us want this to happen.  JAMES:  No, of course not. 
 But, should it become unavoidable, the board appreciates having you in its corner. 
 (SIGHS) 
 (EXHALES) 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 Everything okay? 
 Astra's awake. 
 I told you I don't care. 
 She said she'll only talk to you. 
 I'm glad you're here. 
 I'm glad you're back in a cell. 
 You fought well. 
 You have two minutes. 
 You still have it? 
 It's time you knew everything, Kara. 
 When I went on the run, I took this with me. 
 I would hold it in my hand to remind myself of why I was turning my back on my family, and betraying the high council. 
 It would all be worth it if you survived. 
 Oh, because you cared about me? 
 Did you care about the people you and your fanatic husband killed? 
 We did what we had to do. 
 Alura is the one with blood on her hands. 
 My mother was the best woman who ever lived. 
 Tell that to those of us who were thrown into that nightmare prison. 
 I think you went crazy in Fort Rozz. 
 I think you stared into miles of pitch black space until everything good inside of you died. 
 Do you wanna know how she caught me? 
 That day in your room. 
 Was it your idea to message me with the spy beacon, or was it Alura's? 
 How could you have done this? 
 You've gone against everything our people hold dear. 
 Our people will be dead in a year if they continue treating our world like an inexhaustible playground. 
 You killed a guard. 
 Non did. 
 It was an unfortunate necessity. 
 Come home with me, Astra. 
 I can plead your case in front of the high counsel. 
 Non will go to prison for life, but your sentence could be commuted. 
 What do I care about prison? We are dying, Alura! 
 All of us! 
 Kara is dying. I will not let that happen. 
 I don't care how many laws I have to break. 
 We used to be on the same side, sister. 
 We can be again. 
 I cannot be part of your designs. 
 Then I am sorry. 
 Not as sorry as I am. 
 No. Don't do this. 
 I have to. 
 I can't let you hurt anyone. 
 I don't remember that. 
 Your mother signed the death warrants of our entire race and she used you to do it. 
 I don't believe you. 
 Yes, you do. 
 Much like Krypton, this planet is on the verge of ecological destruction. 
 I can stop it. 
 But the humans won't like my methods. 
 That's why I need you. They trust you. 
 Together we can save them. 
 You're never gonna leave this cell. 
 I am begging you. 
 Please help me. 
 Kara! 
 I love you. 
 Wait. Did you use me to get Astra arrested? 
 Alura :  Hello, Kara. 
 Don't say my name right now. 
 Did you use me to draw Astra out of hiding? 
 Yes. 
 How could you do that? 
 Astra had broken the law. You were the only person she trusted enough to meet. It was necessary. 
 Could she have saved us? 
 She was a criminal. 
 But was she right? 
 I am not programmed to give you that information. 
 Tell me! 
 I'm sorry, I am not programmed to give you that information. 
 You let everyone that I love die! 
 You left me! You left me alone! 
 You sent me away! How could you do that? 
 I am not programmed... 
 (SCREAMS) 
 (SOBS) 
 Hey, hey, hey. 
 It's not really her. 
 She lied to me. 
 Kara, that wasn't your mom. 
 You don't know what happened then. 
 Only what Astra is telling you now. 
 I know that Astra and I were both given life sentences by my mother. 
 We didn't have a choice. 
 Kara... 
 What happened? What... 
 Are you okay? What'd she do? 
 Was this Astra? 
 Everything all right? 
 Please. I don't... I don't want to talk about it. 
 Can we just... 
 Winn : Yeah, okay. 
 Uh, Dirk Armstrong's e-mail accounts, and there are several, um, are harder to crack than Catco's, almost, so I'm just getting into it. 
 Okay. 
 Anything else from Ms. Grant's e-mails? 
 Uh, more of the same. 
 Uh, well, no, actually, there was this one e-mail from the bank, um, asking for Cat's electronic signature so they could approve a wire transfer into an account belonging to an Adam Foster. 
 Who's Adam Foster? 
 According to some Internet sleuthing, he's 24, he lives in Opal City. 
 Cat makes monthly payments into his personal account. 
 Yeah, almost as if Cat is, you know, keeping him on the side. 
 Wait. So you think that I am supporting, what, a rent-boy? 
 No. 
 If I wanted to have s*x with a Beach Boy I'd still be sleeping with John Stamos. 
 Do you really think that I need to pay for it? 
 No, of course I don't. The boys do... Did. 
 I know better. 
 (SIGHS) So if it's not a male escort... 
 I... I have no idea. 
 But... But when Winn mentioned Opal City, I remembered how when I sent out your Christmas cards, there's one addressed to an A. Foster in Opal City. 
 (SIGHS) 
 Damn it. 
 Who's A. Foster, Ms. Grant? 
 Adam Foster is my son. 
 My oldest. 
 His father is somebody who I hadn't dated very long. 
 I didn't know him very well. He's not Carter's father. 
 Adam was just one of those things that I hadn't planned on when I was building Catco. 
 My ex told me that I didn't care about my son, that all I cared about was my business, and why should either of them stick around? 
 Was that true? 
 I don't know. 
 I sued for custody. 
 I hired a powerhouse attorney and I threw everything I had at him, but I lost. 
 You tried. Sometimes all you can do is try. 
 I didn't lose. 
 I quit. 
 I dropped the lawsuit. 
 I was working at Catco 24-7 and, well, I really did believe that we would be in each other's lives. 
 What happened? Did you just... send him off? 
 No. I did not just send him off. 
 You have no idea what that moment is like, when you have to say to yourself, "Maybe my child would be better off without me." 
 I just know what it feels like to wonder about a mother's choices. 
 Would you make a different decision if you could go back? 
 I stopped asking myself that question years ago. 
 Not being there for Adam is my greatest regret. 
 And now, for all we know, somebody is about to release it to the world. 
 Maybe you could talk to him. 
 Try and get him to understand. 
 No. After not speaking for so long, I don't get to do that. 
 He's going to get hurt. 
 By me. Again. 
 (SIGHS) 
 But I will not allow him to end up in the middle of a hideous media storm. 
 What? 
 What are you going to do? 
 I will negotiate a graceful, lucrative exit. 
 And I will step down from Catco. 
 Woman : (ON TV)  It seems Cat Grant's silence regarding the Catco hack is about to be broken. But will today's press conference be a victory for the magnate, or a very sudden fall? 
 Are you sure you want to do this? 
 Well, like taxes, aging, and participating in Martha Stewart's annual Secret Santa, this is something I have to do. 
 I don't know what I'm going to do after this. 
 I don't know if there is anything I can do. 
 I'm pretty sure you can do anything, Ms. Grant. 
 Ker-rah. 
 Whatever comes next, for what it's worth, you always have a job with me if you want it. 
 Shall we? 
 James : Hey. 
 What are you guys doing here? 
 Saving the day! 
 Take a look at this. 
 Where did you get this? 
 Uh, well... 
 It... You know, it's probably better if we don't tell you, Ms. Grant. 
 From a legal standpoint. 
 I recognize three out of the four of you. 
 Uh, this is my girlfriend. 
 Lucy Lane. 
 Lois Lane's kid sister? 
 Yes. 
 Well, congratulations, you got the looks. 
 You launched this investigation of Dirk because? 
 Because I... I overheard something he said after the board... 
 Actually, uh, it was what you said, about him, uh, smelling blood. 
 Mmm-hmm. 
 Ker-rah, stall the press and tell that walking personification of white male privilege to come to my office. 
 Cat. 
 Dirk. 
 I assume this is about your e-mails? 
 Oh, spare me, Dirk. 
 I know you're behind the hack. 
 I know you want to take over Catco. 
 And... 
 I have proof. 
 Yes, you lay out the whole plan. 
 Hack and embarrass me, get me to take a break, spearhead a hostile takeover. 
 You even have bullet points. 
 You a**l little... 
 Okay, all right. 
 So your proof against me hacking you is you hacking me? 
 (SCOFFS) 
 My lawyers will have a field day with that. 
 Yes. 
 Except, this e-mail was written on a computer that was paid for by Catco. 
 It was sent using an e-mail account that linked to Catco regarding Catco business. 
 So that means, technically, your e-mails are Catco's property. 
 Legally, they belong to me. 
 Oh, and just so you know what's going on as we speak. 
 Catco Security, in conjunction with National City Police, they're seizing your computers, your iPads, your mobile devices. 
 And as for you... 
 Gentlemen? 
 Make sure the press get plenty of pictures of him being dragged out. 
 You did it. 
 We all did it. 
 Winn, I'm really sorry about before. 
 I didn't... I didn't quite get it. 
 Get what? 
 How much you like Kara. 
 (STAMMERING) 
 Oh... That's not... I... 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 I mean... Yeah, of course I like her, like, as a friend, and colleague, and, you know, my all-time favorite superhero. 
 And... 
 Winn, look, buddy, you were wrong before. 
 I'm not in your way. 
 If you have feelings for Kara, you should tell her. 
 Yeah, but man, she is... 
 She's her, you know, and I'm... I'm me. 
 (SIGHS) It's not so easy. 
 No, I mean, what if she doesn't... I just... 
 You and your abs wouldn't even understand that. 
 I understand that Kara is special. 
 And not just because of the cape. 
 She's the kind of girl worth risking it all for. 
 Hey, man. If I were you, I'd risk it. 
 How's your sister? 
 Heartbroken. 
 She can't afford to be right now. 
 Something's not adding up. 
 (SIGHS) I know. 
 Not a single alien's come looking for Astra. 
 No, no, no, in the fight. 
 Astra beats Kara twice, and then she loses spectacularly. 
 Something's off and I can't read Astra's mind to find out why. 
 Kryptonians are impervious to my telepathy, which Superman finds hilarious. 
 You can read minds? 
 Another day, Alex. 
 Um... 
 Wait a minute. Look. 
 What should I be seeing? 
 Astra steps over Kara. 
 That is like the most open and weak stance you can take. 
 Astra's a warrior. She'd know that. 
 She wanted to lose. 
 You let Supergirl beat you. 
 Your troops haven't come looking for you. 
 There's only one reason for that. Those aren't their orders. 
 You wanted us distracted while they carried out their real plan. 
 What is it? 
 Alex : Let me make something clear. 
 If I have to come in there and beat it out of you, I will. 
 You're the one who defeated the Hellgrammite. 
 I like you. 
 But it's too late. 
 For what? 
 To stop what's happening right now. 
 Oh, Ker-rah. 
 Another week, another crisis averted thanks to you. 
 My secret weapon, my guardian angel. 
 It was nothing. 
 Oh, no. It was something. 
 It was something extraordinary. 
 You saved me from a potentially very embarrassing situation with Adam. 
 You know, I was thinking, about how you overheard Dirk after the board meeting. 
 I was standing right next to you and there is no way that he was within earshot. 
 Um... 
 And then I was thinking about the earthquake and how you got sick for the first time since I've known you. 
 And you had a broken arm, and Supergirl mysteriously went MIA. 
 And then she came back, and your cold was gone. 
 That's just a coincidence. 
 I was also thinking about Livewire. 
 About how when she attacked us, you fled into the stairwell. 
 (CHUCKLES) Because you asked me to. 
 Yes. 
 But not two seconds later, Supergirl shows up. 
 Another coincidence? 
 And let's not forget that you took it personally when I named her "Supergirl." 
 Sure, for... 
 For political reasons. 
 Do me a favor and take off your glasses. 
 My glass... 
 I... 
 (CHUCKLES) I'd... I'd be blind without them. 
 I doubt that. 
 If you're not who I think you are, what does it matter? 
 Ms. Grant. I... 
 Glasses, or I take it as a confirmation. 
 Well... 
 Let me begin by saying thank you for all the help that you've given me, Supergirl. 
 (PHONE RINGING) 
 Excuse me, I have to... 
 No, I'm sure it's very important. You should go. 
 Alex, we have a huge problem. 
 Lord Technologies is under attack. 
 (GROANS) 
 What do you know? It works. 
 You are champion of this world? 
 I have my moments. 
 You have had your last. 
 Stop! Stay where you are! 
 Kill them all. 
 (RAPID GUNFIRE) 
 (SCREAMS) 
 You don't fight like a human. 
 Because I'm not. 
 (GUN COCKS) 
 (GRUNTS) 
 (GRUNTING) 
 You remember me, little girl? 
 You're Non. 
 Astra's husband. 
 To think that you're the last daughter of the once great House of El. 
 You're gonna wish I'd died with the rest of them! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 