Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Bizarro - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Bizarro https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=24994 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/02/16 10:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Bizarro 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  When I was a child, my planet Krypton was dying. I was sent to Earth to protect my cousin. But my pod got knocked off-course and by the time I got here, my cousin had already grown up and become Superman. And so I hid my powers until recently when an accident forced me to reveal myself to the world. To most people I'm an assistant at Catco Worldwide Media. But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the DEO to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. I am Supergirl. 
 Kara :  Previously on  Supergirl... 
 Cat :  James' problem is having his girlfriend at work  while he's having, whatever he's having with someone else. 
 Kara :  There is nothing more important than family. All my love, Mom. 
 Adam? 
 (CHUCKLES) I got your letter. 
 Oh, you're asking me out. 
 How about tomorrow night? 
 Huh, sisters. 
 We need to rely on ourselves, not aliens in capes. 
 (EXPLOSION) 
 Yeah. That is definitely not me. 
 (BIO-DIAGNOSTIC LOCK BEEPS) 
 (EKG MACHINE BEEPING STEADILY) 
 (CHOKING) 
 (GASPING) 
 She's alive. 
 "Death is the veil which those who live call life. 
 "They sleep, and it is lifted." 
 Shelley,  Prometheus Unbound. 
 In this room, I've created things that have enabled people to live in ways they never imagined. 
 Changed the world. 
 All that means nothing now. 
 Because of you. 
 My most perfect creation. 
 Together, we won't just change the world. 
 We will change the meaning of life itself. 
 Do you understand me? 
 Yes, my Lord. 
 Not exactly one for your greatest hits reel. 
 I sent a team to scan the area. 
 No signs of extraterrestrial activity, so we can probably rule out an alien shapeshifter. 
 Unless there's something you're not telling us. 
 The skirt was surprisingly comfortable, but no. 
 Who could she be? Is it a clone? 
 Unlikely. 
 Even if an enemy had harvested your DNA when you came out as Supergirl, the embryo would still be in gestation. 
 What about Maxwell Lord? 
 Could he have done something to the young woman you saw when you broke into his lab? 
 She was comatose, her cerebral cortex functioning was almost nonexistent. 
 Bringing her back to even partial consciousness would be like raising the dead. 
 Are you sure? 
 Maxwell Lord does have a God complex. 
 But he's not an actual God. 
 Winn, Ms. Grant scheduled a content meeting in her office, but after that, we need to meet. 
 Is this about the truck you threw into a mountain? 
 Yes, but... (CLEARS THROAT) 
 Um, that... (WHISPERS) That was not me. 
 Nope. No, not interested. (CLEARS THROAT) 
 (WHISPERING) Okay, fine, I'm interested. Who was it? 
 Does this mean I'm on a planet where you're talking to me again? 
 (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) 
 Oh, my God, I forgot... 
 Ms. Grant, I'm sorry, if you'll just give me a minute, I'll go get your latte. 
 Oh, I had a little extra time this morning, so I stopped and I got my own. 
 Oh, and I almost forgot, I picked one up for you, too. 
 Spiced pumpkin with extra foam and a little cinnamon sprinkled on top. 
 That's actually my go-to. 
 Hmm. 
 All right, people, how are we going to frame this? 
 Give me headlines that will grab eyeballs. 
 (CLEARS THROAT) 
 You, go. 
 Supergirl Gone Rogue. 
 Mmm, well, Supergirl Gone Wild would be better, Kelly, but it's still not right. 
 What else? 
 Supergirl/Supermenace? 
 Are you asking me or are you telling me? 
 Uh... 
 Exactly, that's why it's not a good headline, Derek. 
 What else? 
 (UNDER HER BREATH) Maybe it's not even Supergirl at all. 
 Kara. 
 Well, that was, um... 
 Interesting. 
 Say more. 
 Maybe it's an imposter? 
 Pretending to be Supergirl? 
 Hmm, go on. 
 I don't know, uh, maybe it's someone trying to discredit her. 
 Cat : Oh, I like that angle. 
 It gives our girl the benefit of the doubt. 
 It shows that we're choosing not to believe the worst in people. 
 Yes. 
 Yes, I can see the headline clearly now. 
 The word Supergirl, with a question mark. 
 As in, "Supergirl?" 
 Hmm, that's good, that's good. All right, everybody get out. 
 Ms. Grant, um, can I ask you a question? 
 Oh! Oh. 
 Yes, my door is always open. 
 You're not just being nice to me because I'm going on a date with your son, are you? 
 Oh, is that still happening? 
 (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) 
 It's like  Invasion of the Body Snatchers. 
 That thing in Ms. Grant's office looks like Ms. Grant. 
 She sounds like Ms. Grant, but... 
 But she's being nice to me in a way Ms. Grant never would. 
 Well, just enjoy it while it lasts. 
 Yeah, I'd try but it's hard to enjoy anything when there's a body-double of me flying around the city, making me look bad. 
 We're on it. What do you need? 
 (SIGHS) Maxwell Lord had a woman in his lab, she could be tied to this. 
 Can you check local hospitals to see if any comatose patients have gone missing recently? 
 My age, my height, my weight. 
 Yeah, yeah, I know all those. 
 (TEXT MESSAGE PINGS) 
 What, I measured her for her suit. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Who was that text from? 
 No one. I... I... 
 You are blushing. 
 (CHUCKLES) I am not, it's hot in here... 
 You guys aren't hot? 
 You're lying. 
 I can tell, there's a thing that you do with your nose. 
 Uh, was it a guy? 
 If you must know, it's a text from Adam, confirming our date tonight. 
 Uh, Adam Foster? 
 You're going on a date with Cat Grant's son? 
 Mmm-hmm. 
 And who asked who out? 
 Adam asked me, actually. 
 That's great! 
 It is? 
 Yeah. I mean, you know, he seems like a... 
 Like a terrific guy, so... 
 You've never even met him. 
 But I saw him, and you can tell he's good people. 
 Okay? 
 Yeah. 
 (CLEARS THROAT) I have to get back upstairs, though. 
 Uh, have a great time tonight. 
 Thanks, yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 (ELECTRICITY BUZZING) 
 Anything good on TV? 
 (MUTTERING) Supergirl. 
 Supergirl. 
 Yes. 
 What is Supergirl? 
 Bad. Very bad. 
 Very bad. 
 So bad she needs to be stopped forever and replaced with someone else. 
 My own Supergirl. 
 (ELECTRIC SHOCK CONTINUING) 
 Who's there to protect me and the planet? 
 Me. 
 Yes. 
 Which brings me to my next question, what do we do to bad people? 
 We... kill them. 
 So, apparently, my mom got us a table at Mario Batali's new restaurant. 
 No, she didn't. 
 Who do you think makes all her dinner reservations? 
 Me. 
 (BOTH LAUGHING) 
 I mean, she asked me to call but I just had a feeling that place wouldn't be quite your style. 
 Our style. 
 You're amazing. 
 No, I'm not. 
 Yeah, you are. 
 No... 
 Yeah. 
 Not just anybody would have sent me that letter. 
 Sure they would. 
 No. 
 No. Most people wouldn't have cared. 
 You're different, Kara. 
 You see people. 
 You understand them. 
 And it makes me wish that I could... 
 No. 
 It makes you wish what? Tell me. 
 It makes me wish that I could get the chance to do that for you. 
 Was that too much? 
 No. 
 No, I think... I think that would be really nice. 
 Newscaster : (ON TV)  Now to a story we are covering live. The National Island Tramway is dangling, leaving passengers stranded and in peril. NCPD and emergency rescue workers are en route but eyewitness accounts suggest they may not get there in time. 
 I'm sorry. I have to go. 
 You're bailing? 
 No. I'm having the best time, I really am. 
 My grandma, she fell. 
 And I have to get to the hospital. 
 I'll go with you... 
 No, it's okay. Stay, stay. 
 It's all right. I'm really sorry. 
 It's okay. I'm going to get you out of here. 
 It's you. 
 Where did you come from? 
 Did somebody send you? Are they making you do this? 
 We kill Supergirl. 
 (PASSENGERS SCREAMING) 
 (PASSENGERS SCREAMING) 
 She's as strong as me. 
 She flies like me, she fights like me, except for the fact that she talks like Cookie Monster, she is exactly like me. 
 Red Tornado was programmed to analyze and mimic your fighting style and velocity. 
 Dr. Morrow is dead, but perhaps his schematics for an android... 
 But she is not an android. 
 That's what I'm trying to tell you. 
 I looked into her eyes and there was someone looking back. 
 She has a soul. And somehow it's like mine. 
 I know you said that a clone was impossible, but Alex, she does not just look like me. She is me. 
 The good news is, if she is genetically identical or even similar to you, she has the same weakness. 
 We can use Kryptonite. 
 Hank Henshaw : We have to subdue her somehow. 
 It's okay. We won't use enough to hurt her. 
 Not seriously, anyway. 
 I'll get on it. 
 Do you think I said something wrong? 
 No, no, no, no, no. 
 She's just skittish, that one. 
 Like... Like a horse. 
 Um, Adam... 
 I do feel bad that your dinner ended early, but I hope I wasn't a disappointing substitute. 
 No, it was good. 
 It's been nice spending time with you. 
 Oh. 
 Mmm. For me too. 
 (BREATHLESS) Ms. Grant. Adam. You're here. 
 I am. 
 We are. 
 I... I totally forgot to call you back last night. 
 I'm so sorry, that was my bad. 
 Are you okay? 
 Yes. 
 (SARCASTICALLY) Oh, phew! 
 I get it, life in National City. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 But, uh, you do owe me a rain-check. 
 Of course. 
 Tonight. 
 Okay. 
 Oops, I'm sorry. 
 (BOTH CHUCKLE) 
 You two have not had your first kiss yet? 
 Kara, you are like a character from a Jane Austen novel. 
 Bizarro. 
 It's not that weird. 
 We've only been out a couple of times. 
 No, I named her Bizarro. 
 I named Supergirl, why not her evil twin? 
 Winn : Jane Doe matching your height, weight and coloring... 
 She was taken in National City General about two years ago after a car accident. 
 She's been in a coma ever since. 
 Where is she now? 
 Good question. She was transferred to a private facility, a Prometheus Genetics. 
 Three guesses who owns it. 
 Max Lord. 
 Bingo. Now here's the other thing that's pretty upsetting. 
 Over the past few months, six more comatose Jane Does have been claimed by Prometheus. 
 Seven girls? 
 I mean, maybe it's taken him seven tries to create the perfect doppelganger. 
 (EXHALES) 
 I ordered you to kill Supergirl. 
 You say Supergirl bad. 
 But Supergirl help people. 
 Supergirl not bad. 
 I understand. 
 You share her DNA. 
 It's natural that you should want to see the best in her. 
 But who do you trust, Supergirl or me? 
 Who do you love? Supergirl or me? 
 Just remember, the world is a very complicated place, kiddo. 
 Sometimes things that seem to be good, are really very, very bad. 
 It's you. It's always been you. 
 Remind me, what it is I'm meant to have done this time? 
 I know about the girls, Max. 
 Those women had lives. 
 They were brain dead. 
 Zero chance of recovery. 
 You treated them like guinea pigs. 
 Or gave them a chance to live. 
 That's not a confession, by the way. 
 But if somebody, if I were to do the things you're implying, all it would take is an elementary genetic synthesis. 
 Isolate Supergirl's genome, flood the subject with a concentrated infusion of DNA. 
 How did you get Supergirl's DNA? 
 Maxwell : We all leave little traces of ourselves nearly everywhere we go. 
 An errant skin cell. 
 A stray hair. 
 Or maybe just a few seconds with the arm from a rogue military android. 
 Red Tornado, wasn't it? (CHUCKLES) 
 Which you helpfully delivered to me for my perusal. 
 You son of a bitch. 
 Ooh, language. 
 You seem awfully upset that an extraterrestrial's DNA was stolen. 
 Makes me wonder if you and Supergirl are more than just work buddies. 
 Don't play games. 
 Never. 
 It's a simple evolutionary equation. 
 Survival of the fittest. 
 For humanity to survive, we need to be fitter than them. 
 You think you're humanity's savior, Max? 
 You're nothing but a common criminal. 
 You have no proof I've ever hurt anyone, your hands are tied. 
 But if you do try anything, things will get very bad for you and the people you love. 
 Are you threatening me? 
 Supergirl is the threat, Alex. 
 This... Bizarro? She's humanity's guardian. 
 You're welcome. 
 May the best girl win. 
 
 
 
 He all but admitted it. 
 He took all those girls. All seven. 
 He made the Bizarro you. 
 Is that what we're calling it? 
 Another Catco trademark. 
 So, how do we stop her? 
 We arm our agents with Kryptonite darts and we take down this Bizarro the next time she shows her face. 
 But she's not the villain here, she's the victim. 
 It's Max we should be going after. 
 You're acting as if she's a person, and not an experiment. 
 That's what she is, Kara, she's one of Max's deranged science projects. 
 So why don't we just arrest Max? 
 We're the DEO, we don't exist. 
 And we certainly don't have the authority to arrest private citizens, especially not world-famous billionaires. 
 Briefing the strike team in 10. 
 Kara, there's something I wanted to tell you, not in front of Hank. 
 When I was with Max, he mentioned you. 
 What? In what way? 
 Like, in a weird way, as if he knew we were related. 
 I'm mean, there's no way he could, is there? 
 No. No. No way. No. 
 He's just... He's trying to get into your head, he's trying to rattle you. 
 That's what he does. Jerk. 
 (SIGHS) 
 What are you doing? 
 I'm texting Adam. 
 I can't go on a date, not while Max and Bizarro are out there, it's too crazy right now. 
 No. No. No. No. No. No. 
 That is exactly why you should go. 
 It's never going to be good timing, so you can't wait around until it gets better. 
 You may be Supergirl, but you're Kara Danvers too, and she deserves a life. 
 So, go. We'll hold down the fort. 
 Thanks, Alex. 
 James : How do you feel about drowning our sorrows? 
 I know what my sorrows are. 
 What, uh... What sorrows exactly do you have, sir? 
 (CHUCKLES) Bottoms up. 
 Winn : Yeah. 
 What are you doing, man? 
 Having a drink with a friend. 
 No. With Kara. 
 Huh? 
 Why'd you tell her you were happy about her and Adam? 
 Because she likes him. 
 And that's what she wants me to say, man. Come on. 
 No! 
 Look, look... 
 Dude, I've been stuck in the friend zone so long that I'm just thinking about buying some investment property here. 
 (CHUCKLING) 
 But you, you could be with her, and you know it. 
 Literally, all you have to do is say the word. 
 So why don't you? 
 Winn, I'm in a relationship. 
 Look, dude, I know that you care about Lucy, you don't have to convince me, I get it. 
 But nobody wants to be in a relationship with someone that wants to be with somebody else. 
 Mmm. Mmm-hmm. 
 (WINN CLAPS HANDS) 
 (WINN EXHALES) 
 Good talk. 
 Yeah. 
 Leave the bottle. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Kara : Working for your mom has its ups and downs, but it's good for me. 
 She's been a really great mentor to me, whether she knows it or not. 
 Adam : What about your mom? 
 Are you guys close? 
 We were. But she died. 
 My dad too. 
 Oh, my God. What happened? 
 Uh, there... There was an accident. 
 I wasn't there. 
 Kara, I'm so sorry. 
 No, no. It happened a long time ago. 
 And I was adopted by this really wonderful family, who's great to me. 
 So, everything had a happy ending. 
 But? 
 Well, after that, it's... It's... 
 It's always been hard for me to feel normal, I guess. 
 You know, like I'm where I'm supposed to be. 
 Does that make any sense? 
 Yes. But Kara, I should tell you something. 
 (WHISPERS) No one ever feels normal. 
 Kara! 
 (GROANS) 
 Please, please, you're making a mistake. 
 (GROANS) 
 Please, please, you don't want to do this. 
 (BLOWING) 
 (BOTH GRUNTING) 
 We've got her in our sights. 
 Fire! 
 Again! 
 Alex, no! 
 She's down! 
 Are you all right? 
 Alex : It's the Kryptonite. 
 It's degrading her. It's corrupting her. 
 (GROWLING) 
 Hate you! 
 (GROANS) 
 It's the Kryptonite artillery, you can't go after her. 
 Not now. 
 Kara, I was just trying to protect you. 
 Alex, you were right, he knows. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Maxwell Lord. 
 Bizarro didn't come after me as Supergirl this time, she came after me as Kara. 
 He knows who I am, which means he knows where I work, he knows we're sisters, about Eliza. 
 Nowhere, no one is safe anymore. 
 I warned you! I told you he was dangerous. 
 Where's Bizarro? 
 Things didn't go quite according to plan. 
 Meaning? 
 Bizarro is equal in strength to Kara, but her powers are directly oppositional. 
 We hit her with the kryptonite dart, but instead of weakening her... 
 It made her stronger. 
 Yeah. 
 So, once again a super-powered monster is unleashed on National City. 
 And this one's controlled by Maxwell Lord. 
 Whoever's behind this, we have to neutralize the threat. 
 You say she's diametrically opposed to Kara? 
 Fire breath, freeze-vision, it's like she's a mirror image. 
 In that case, I'll have the labs start reverse engineering the chemical compound to our synthetic Kryptonite. 
 If its atomic structure is making Bizarro stronger, reversing its ionic charge should have an oppositional effect. 
 Anything else you'd like to share? 
 No, sir. 
 No plan is going to work until we take out Max Lord. 
 How do you suggest we do that? 
 All I know is that there are so many threats out there. 
 Bizarro, Non and Astra, and those are just the ones we know about. 
 I can't face all of that, and Maxwell Lord too. 
 It is time to stop him once and for all. 
 (SIGHS) I should've done more. 
 I mean, why take her and not me? 
 It was just dumb luck. 
 Cat : Kara, we have been worried sick about you. 
 I ordered an Amber Alert. 
 Ms. Grant, could I please have a minute alone with Adam? 
 Oh. 
 Well, I guess I'll go roam the hallways of my building. 
 Adam... 
 Are you breaking up with me? 
 Because we haven't even started dating yet. 
 I hate to say this but maybe the universe is sending us a message. 
 Our first date got interrupted, and then I was kidnapped. 
 I know what you've been through, and I get it. 
 But not everyone is going to leave you. 
 Not if you let them stick around. 
 If I had been five minutes earlier or later at Noonan's that day, we wouldn't have even met, we wouldn't be here. 
 Okay, so what I think was fate, you think is an accident? 
 If I have learned anything from the past few weeks, if I don't have room in my life for a great guy like you, maybe I don't have room for anyone. 
 I don't know if that makes you feel any better. 
 Not really. 
 I thought this wasn't going to work because of my baggage. 
 My issues. 
 That I'd be the one to chicken out. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I know you are. 
 I'm gonna go. 
 No, I'm gonna leave, just hang here for a second. 
 Goodbye, Kara. 
 Goodbye, Adam. 
 Supergirl made you a monster. 
 If I were you, I'd be very angry about that. 
 I'd want to take away anyone Supergirl loves. 
 (DOOR SLAMS SHUT) 
 Hey, Kara, you okay? 
 Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. I just needed some air. 
 Yeah. 
 What happened? 
 Just... Adam and I... 
 Oh, no. Did he... 
 No, no, it was me, I did. 
 (JAMES SIGHS) 
 Okay, well, if you need somebody to talk to... 
 I think you and I both know that nothing you can say or do will make me feel better right now. 
 So maybe... 
 I don't know. Maybe you should just leave me alone. 
 Agent Danvers, or whatever you feel like calling yourself, I'm growing very tired of these unannounced visits. 
 Well, lucky you, because this is the last one. 
 What the hell is going on? 
 Maxwell Lord, you're under arrest. 
 On what charges, hmm? 
 Aren't you going to read me my rights? 
 I'm acting on behalf of an extra-legal enforcement organization. 
 Meaning you don't have any rights. 
 Unless you want to tell me where Bizarro is. 
 Mmm, not really. 
 But I do have some information you might find interesting. 
 Your sister, sweet-faced, mild-mannered ingenue Kara Danvers... 
 You take me in, I tell the whole world she's Supergirl. 
 What do you think about that? 
 Where you're going, there won't be anyone to hear you. 
 (WHOOSHING) 
 Kara, I... 
 What the hell? 
 (SCREAMS) 
 Maxwell : So this is the DEO. 
 A little more stalagmite-chic than I pictured. 
 Take him to cell 19. 
 My lucky number. 
 What the hell do you think you're doing, Alex? 
 I had no choice, Hank. 
 He's had us under surveillance. 
 He knows about the DEO. He knows about Kara. 
 I don't care if he's got the nuclear codes and his finger's on the button, that is not some anonymous alien you brought in. 
 That is Maxwell Lord, head of a multibillion dollar organization. 
 Time  magazine's reigning Person of the Year. 
 Everyone is going to be looking for this guy. 
 They won't find him. 
 You're compromising the security of this entire operation. 
 And he is compromising the security of my family. 
 Guess which one I care about more? 
 We are all willing to do a lot of things to protect our secrets, Hank. 
 I would think you would understand that better than anyone. 
 (GASPS) 
 No move. 
 Okay. 
 I won't move. 
 I won't move. 
 Why did you bring me here? 
 Supergirl loves you. 
 How do you know that? 
 Supergirl and me. 
 Same. 
 Why don't you come closer, so I can see you? 
 Bizarro : No. 
 Why not? 
 Ugly. 
 You know, we... 
 We all feel ugly sometimes. 
 We all feel like no one loves us. 
 Like maybe they never will. 
 And you may not look like her right now, but there is a part of you that still is Supergirl. 
 I can feel it. 
 And people don't love her because of what she looks like on the outside. 
 I love her because of who she is. 
 Because she's brave, because she's kind, and she always tries to do the right thing. 
 And you can be the same. 
 You're not a monster. 
 Liar! 
 (JAMES SCREAMING) 
 (JAMES GROANING) 
 It's James. Bizarro has him. 
 The compound is ready. 
 The exact molecular opposite to green Kryptonite. 
 You move her into position, I'll take the shot. 
 Will this stuff work? 
 We're gonna find out. 
 I kill Supergirl. 
 (BOTH GRUNTING) 
 (GLASS SHATTERING) 
 (CHOKING) 
 (BIZARRO GROWLING) 
 I can't get a clean shot. 
 Just do it! 
 Kara, I don't know what this is going to do to you if I hit you. 
 (CHOKING) Take the shot! 
 (BIZARRO GRUNTS) 
 (PANTING) 
 (EXHALES) 
 Hank Henshaw : She's been asking for you. 
 (WEAKLY) Supergirl. 
 HI. I'm here. Hi. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I know. I'm sorry, too. 
 Hank Henshaw : We're going to put her under, the way she was when I first saw her. 
 She won't feel any pain, will she? 
 She won't feel anything. 
 We have to try to help her. 
 We will. 
 I'm going to hold your hand until you fall asleep, okay? 
 Afraid. 
 I know. 
 I once went to sleep for a long time, too. 
 I was afraid. 
 But when I woke up, I wasn't alone. 
 You're not gonna be alone either. 
 Thank you, Kara. 
 (GULPS) 
 She didn't deserve what happened to her. 
 No, she did not. 
 Maxwell Lord made her to be just like me. 
 And she was. 
 Guess my girl came in second place. 
 We'll see how funny you think it is when you've been in that cell for a few years. 
 I'd say you're different from your cousin when it comes to truth, justice and the American way, but holding people indefinitely against their will, can't get much more American than that. 
 You will never hurt anyone ever again. 
 Anyone like Eliza Danvers? 
 That's some cute house you grew up in in Midvale. 
 Right along the beach. 
 Idyllic. 
 He's not worth it. 
 Agent Danvers, my hero. 
 So long, sisters. 
 See you soon. 
 Ms. Grant? 
 Mmm. 
 Uh, I don't know if you've talked to Adam... 
 I did. 
 He's leaving. 
 He's going back to Opal City. 
 So soon? 
 Well, he says that now that we're back into each other's lives, he'll visit me of course, but there's nothing urgent keeping him here in National City. 
 You know, Kara, I always thought that you and I were very different. 
 But I'm starting to realize we may be more alike than I thought. 
 In what way? 
 I lost Adam years ago because I prioritized other things over him. 
 Namely, myself. 
 And while that may help you build an empire, it doesn't help you build a life. 
 For that, you need to put other people first. 
 I thought you understood that but I guess I was wrong. 
 Ms. Grant, I want to explain why... 
 Why you broke my son's heart? 
 No, whatever happened between you and Adam, Kara, is your own personal business. 
 I just want you to know that it wasn't... 
 Cat : I don't want to know. 
 In fact, from this moment on, I think our relationship should be strictly professional. 
 Boss, employee. 
 That way, everything is very clear. 
 Nobody gets confused. Nobody gets hurt. 
 Of course. If that's what you want. 
 Hey. Perfect timing. 
 Do you want to go to Noonan's for happy hour? 
 We still haven't de-briefed about what happened when you were with Bizarro. 
 I mean, it's nothing earth-shattering. 
 I just said how I was feeling until you got there. 
 Oh, okay, well, then no work talk, and we can just have free buffalo wings. 
 Yeah, I'd love to, I just have to pick up Lucy from the airport. 
 She was in D.C. visiting her father. 
 Happy reunion. 
 Happy reunion. 
 Night. 
 Hey, uh, Kara... 
 Have a good night. 
 (SIGHS) 
 (SKITTERING ON WALL) 
 What the hell? 
 (GASPS) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 