Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Strange Visitor From Another Planet - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Strange Visitor From Another Planet https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=24901 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/26/16 01:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Strange Visitor From Another Planet 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  When I was a child, my planet Krypton was dying. I was sent to Earth to protect my cousin. But my pod got knocked off-course and by the time I got here, my cousin had already grown up and become Superman. And so I hid my powers until recently when an accident forced me to reveal myself to the world. To most people I'm an assistant at Catco Worldwide Media. But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the DEO to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. 
 I am Supergirl. Kara :  Previously on  Supergirl... Alex :  All these weapons, they're  nothing compared to you. I can't keep using my powers. It's too much of a risk. The more time I spend as Hank Henshaw, the less I have to face what I've lost. Um. I'm in love with you. I don't want things to change. Who's A. Foster, Ms. Grant? Adam Foster is my son. Not being there for Adam is my greatest regret. Kara :  We all make mistakes,  have regrets from our past,  things we wish we could  go back and change... In my case, my biggest regret  is not being there for you. I know that my choices may have hurt you in ways I can never understand... But, if you're willing, I'd like to try and make It won't be easy. Nothing worthwhile ever is. (WOMAN SCREAMING) (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) (STRUGGLING) (METALLIC CREAKING) But life is short. And  when all is said and done,  there is nothing more  important than family. All my love, Mom. So where'd you put them? By a very nice lake with no fire. All right, well what happened to your post-rescue swagger? Is Winn still not talking to you? I wish he'd never kissed me. I wish I had never hurt his feelings. I miss my best friend, Alex. Just give him space. And time. I hate space and time. Hi. Is Ms. Grant's latte ready? I'm sorry. Excuse me? I said, I'm sorry. That you have to work for Cat Grant. I hear she's a piece of work. A reputation she proudly fosters. Is she really as horrible as everyone says? You know, breathes fire. Eats babies. Ms. Grant is tough, but she's amazing. Not only at her job, but as a person. She's pretty badass. Does she pay you to say all that? No. Well, maybe one day you'll meet her and form your own opinion, instead of listening to rumors. Well, she's very lucky to have you. (CHUCKLES) I think that latte's ready. Oh. You better run. Thank you. Please tell me you realized that guy was flirting with you. (CHUCKLES) No. I would not call that flirting. He was... He was friendly. Oh. You're hopeless. Female newscaster :  National City  Police is anticipating huge crowds  for Senator Miranda Crane's  anti-alien rally this afternoon... DEO duty calls. (SIGHS) Winn. Hey... (SOFTLY) Hey. Where you heading? Are you going down? Just don't. Please. Have a nice day. (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) (CLEARS THROAT) Miranda Crane is in town. She is a lightning rod for bigots, hippies and aliens, and yes, that is the order in which I detest them. Our top reporter has made the mistake of dumping Catco for a cash grab at  Vanity Fair. His ruin will be swift and merciless, thanks to Lucy, who will serve him a lawsuit by the end of today. That's not how it works... By the end of today. Meanwhile, we need someone to get to the rally. Ker-rah, get me a list of who's available. Actually, I'll do it. You have layouts to do. Ker-rah. Uh, Ms. Grant... Nothing that can't spare an hour. And with all due respect, I'm the most experienced photojournalist you have. And my connection to a very famous alien, I may just be able to get us a good quote from Senator Crane. You better get us a quote that will offend virtually everyone. That's all. Ms. Grant... If you hate bigots more than aliens, then, why are you giving Senator Crane so much attention? She's horrible. (SIGHS) Because, Ker-rah, while bigots will always take the gold on the medal podium of my contempt, they make excellent click-bait. Also, the more they talk, the more they sabotage themselves. It's a magical implosion happening right before our very... Who is in my office? I'll call security. No. Don't. Adam? Hi. Hi. Adam : I'm, uh, sorry to, uh, to show up while you're working. (CHUCKLES) That's... That's not a problem. That's not a problem at all. I... Are you okay? But, why? Why? Why today? (CHUCKLES) I got your letter. My letter. Huh. Of course. (CHUCKLES) (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Well, I am so glad that you're here. Thanks for reaching out. Oh. There's just so much to say. But I have a million things that I have to do right now. Yeah, I figured. Um, you know, I'm in town for a few days. You free for dinner? I will make myself free. Thanks. Have your cheerleader e-mail me. Ker-rah! What have you done? Well, you've been writing a lot of letters, but then throwing them away. And last week you threw one, I won't say at my head, but in my general direction. And I read it, saw it was for Adam, and maybe... I finished it for you. (GASPING) (BREATHES DEEPLY) I know. I know this is really bad. I didn't think he would just show up. Who told you to think? You wrote to my son. Now, get out. You're fired. I was just trying to help you. You know my mom died. I don't get to have a second chance with her. I don't want that to happen to you and Adam. You crossed a line, Ker-rah. You don't know him. I don't even know him. I haven't seen him since he was a baby, since his father whisked him across the country. I told you... You told me that losing Adam was the biggest regret of your life. Ms. Grant, I've known you for a while now, and I don't think you were ever going to send that letter. And another year of you missing him would have gone by like that. I'm sorry. Sometimes it's easier to face the past with a little help. (SIGHS) What kind of sentimental crap did you write to him? Oh. Well, this isn't actually awful. He did come. He's here. (SIGHS) Oh, my God, he's here. So, uh, should I make a dinner reservation, or am I fired? Uh... Um. Make a reservation. And Ker-rah? I'm going to make your life hell. It's worth it. Family always is. (CROWD CHEERING) Crane :  Thank you. Thank  you all for coming. (CAMERA CLICKING) Aliens. Extraterrestrials. Non-humans. Whether they're wearing they are a threat to this country, (DEVICE BEEPING) Starting today, we need solutions. The perimeter is clear. Try it again. We need to know where they live, what they do and who they eat. Most importantly, we need to stop If it takes a dome, let's build a dome. It's time to stop talking Monsters are coming for your families. (CROWD SCREAMING) (CROWD CLAMORING) Move, move, move! Everybody get down! Man : (SHOUTING) Move! (SIGNAL BUZZING) (SIGNAL BEEPING) (GROWLS) (GASPING) (GROWLS) (ALIENS SCREAMING) Hank... (GROWLING) It's Supergirl. (GRUNTS) (CRANE GROANING) Careful. Ah. Where did it go? I don't know. It was just here. Alex on comms :  Supergirl,  do you have a visual? Is it down there? No. Whatever it is, it's gone. (PANTING) (SIRENS WAILING) Transport Senator Crane to headquarters, right now. What was that thing? A creature that doesn't leave any survivors. We have to move her now, before it comes back. What did it do to you? Nothing. I'm fine. You're not. You froze. Did you hear me say we have to get her back to headquarters or not? Hank. It's of the utmost importance... Hank! What the hell happened to you? I'll tell you what happened. You people screwed up royally. And I will not be kept here. Madam Senator, I assure you it's for your protection. I know your friend Sam Lane talks a lot of crap about the DEO, but we're here to help. The General told me that for all your big talk about monitoring aliens, you're the first one to let them in through the front door. (CHUCKLES) I guess you forgot the part where I saved your ass. Mmm. For all I know, you all staged that little stunt. It's just like an alien. Excuse me? You're all the same. Disgusting insects who've come crawling from your own diseased, backwater planets, looking to suck our resources for yourselves. Ow! Sedative. You're welcome. My team and I are currently tracking your attacker. We'll keep you updated. I told you, I'm not staying here. Madam Senator, as long as it's out there, you're in here. Enjoy your stay at the DEO. Supergirl : I should've let it eat her. It would've. It still might. You ready to tell us the whole story? We're looking for a White Martian. That thing is like you? (GROWLING) It's nothing like me. That creature and its kind slaughtered the Green Martians. The White Martians came from beneath the planet's surface, bringing fire from the planet's guts. And they burned us all. Oh, God, J'onn. I'm sorry. Don't. Knowing what we're up against might just save lives. This creature belongs to a race devoted to the mission of killing me and mine. It'll be back. But... But it attacked the Senator... Make no mistake. I brought it to National City. As Martians, we not only share our ability to shapeshift, we share a link. If I assume my true form, or phase, or reach out to it with my mind, it knows. It sensed me when I used my powers to investigate Maxwell Lord. It attacked the rally to draw me out. Then I scared it off. Thankfully. Because I couldn't fight it today. I couldn't even move. You will next time. And you're not alone. We'll find it. In the meantime, we'll keep Senator Crane here. It's the safest place around. I have to ask something of you. I should be the one to face this thing. But if I reveal myself it'll mean the end of my life as Hank Henshaw. And if Hank goes, General Lane gets the DEO. And you know what that means. You've had my back a million times. I've got this one. I'll bring it in. Your stem cell facial is confirmed with Philip, he'll be at your house at 7:00 a.m. Gentle reminder, he does have multiple face tattoos, so don't call 911 this time. Anything else? Your car's out front to take you to dinner with Adam. (EXHALES) How are you feeling? I know it's been a while since you've spent... Oh, Ker-rah, shut up. I have had one-on-one exclusive sit downs with the most influential and powerful people in the world. Yes, but this isn't an interview. This is your son. And sometimes you can be a little... It's just, uh, when you talk to him, I think what you say should come from the heart. If I had the chance to talk to my mother, I'd want her to ask me if... If I'm happy. (KARA CHUCKLES) Even more, I'd want her to tell me why she made the decisions she made. You know, if she could go back and do it all over again, what would she do differently. Just most of all, I'd want her to be honest. I've handled Putin, Pope Francis and Taylor Swift. This is Adam. I think I'll take it from here. I'll never forget, I was at a party with Bill Gates, and I said to him, I said, "Bill, people want to read the news on thin little screens "they can hold in the palm of their hand," and well, of course, he blew it. And now, Lord Technologies has made how many thousands of millions of them? Wow. What else did you invent, Cat? Okay, I get it. Enough about me. I want to know more about you. What do you want to know? How's Cornell going? Did you finish your Masters yet... I dropped out. Wow. Well, you know, um... Some of the nation's greatest minds never finished college. I remember my first year, sitting in endless lectures, thinking I would learn more doing. So, I did. I went and I got my first internship at the  Daily Planet... Did you come to dinner just so you could talk about yourself? Of course not. Did you even write that letter? Yes. I thought, after reading what you wrote, that you wanted things to be different. You're not even trying. What do you want me to say? I guess I came to hear you say you're sorry. I am sorry. I'm sorry. I wanted to be there. But you have to understand that I wouldn't have been a good mom. I wasn't ready. I get it. It's about you. It's always been about you. Thanks for dinner, Cat. James, these pictures are amazing. Well, thank you. Near-death experiences do make me shutter-happy, so... (CHUCKLES) Do you see anything? No. Nothing out of the ordinary. I mean, other than a white monster from Mars. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Oh, if you need to go home, it's okay. No, I told Lucy I was gonna be late, so... Um... Take a look at this. What is that, a flare? Or a glare? James : I thought so too, until... Look at that. Did her eyes glow like that in every picture? No. Just the ones after you saved her. (SIGHS) Thank you. It's been a long day. And something tells me it's far from over. Crane : Any word on the monster? Supergirl has graciously agreed to bring your attacker in personally, at great risk to herself, I might add. When she captures it, you'll be safe to go. And what makes you think I'll be safe here? What are you getting at, Senator? Nothing except whispers in Washington that say you need to clean house. They say Supergirl's not the only alien inside the DEO. You've got a mole, Henshaw. Madam, I trust you won't be insulted if I called you paranoid. God knows I wouldn't be the first. Some aliens can look like anyone. Well, we may not have much in common, but I think it's safe to say neither one of us enjoys the idea of an alien spy working within your walls. And if it became public, well, that would certainly be very embarrassing for you. Why do I sense you have a proposal? Conduct a very quiet internal investigation. I'm sure finding an alien is within your abilities. Madam, trust me. Your time would be better spent focusing on the American people rather than these comic book delusions. Fine. Play dumb. Let a mole run wild in here, just like you let a White Martian run wild on the street. But when you're brought down from the inside, you remember this. You were warned. Kara. Did you find anything? Pretty sure the White Martian  shapeshifted into Senator Crane. Which means the real Senator might still be in danger somewhere. Good to know. I'm on my way. Hurry. It's in your best interest to find this alien interloper as quickly as possible. Your entire operation's been compromised. There are no hidden aliens here. Are you absolutely sure of that, Director Henshaw? I wish I could say yes. I never said you were attacked by a White Martian. Well, you're smarter than I thought. (GRUNTS) Ah! (ALARM BLARING) (GUNFIRE) (GROWLING) (YELLING) (GROWLING) Spread out! (SCREAMING) (GRUNTS) (GROWLS) Kara. I'm going after it. You stay here. (PANTING) Hank needs you. Alex, it's fled. Again. Alex on comms :  I'll work on a plan  with Hank. Keep your eyes open. (PHONE BUZZING) Ms. Grant, everything okay? No, I need you in the office... Now. 
 
 (ALARM BUZZING) Hank. J'onn. I should have known... (SIGHS) This isn't your fault. (SIGHS) If I hadn't pushed you to use your powers, none of this would have happened. But it did. And now members of my team are dead because of me. This is my war, not Earth's. Not anymore. You're not alone in this. I am so sorry for what happened to your planet. I can't imagine what that feels like. But together, we're gonna protect this one. It wasn't just my planet... J'onn J'onzz :  We fought back.  We'd known war. But not like this. White Martians had been Fire traps. Their technology overwhelmed us. There was no honor in how they fought. They herded us into camps. (GREEN MARTIANS GROANING) I swore no matter what, I  would protect my family. We would survive. But when we got through the gates, they took the women and children. (CHILDREN CRYING) Men were forced into labor. No! The others went to the furnace. (SIGHS) My wife and daughters burned. I escaped. I survived. To my great shame. I will hear my family's screams until the day I die. (INHALES SHARPLY) Look at me. (SIGHS HEAVILY) J'onn, look at me. (SHUDDERING) There's no shame in surviving. If your family would have lived, you wouldn't want them to be ashamed. But they didn't. And now I've let another one of their butchers kill again. I have to stop it. Yes, Ms. Grant. Did you not hear me the first 10 times? I asked you to bring me a chamomile. I'm sorry. If you're not gonna be here to handle my calls, Ker-rah, then I suggest you just keep walking and throw yourself off the balcony. How did dinner with Adam go? Oh, and then there's that. Why didn't you prep me? You took it upon yourself to lure him in with your sunny Danvers sentimentality, and then you just let me go there unprepared. He's never gonna talk to me again. I'm sorry it didn't go well. He didn't come here to see me. He came here because of the letter. He might as well have come to see you. I'm gonna fix this. I promise. (CLICKS TONGUE) Kara. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Adam! Hi. Hello. What are you doing here? Uh, it's about your mom. Wait, are you here to drop off the apology check? Yeah, yeah. This is the part where my mother usually throws money at the problem. I... Ms. Grant didn't send me. I came because I have never seen your mother like this before. Like what? Scared. Of not getting enough retweets? No... No, of losing you again. Hey, she did just fine for 25 years. Or, she was really good at pretending. I know you think your mom is this heartless, narcissistic monster... Your words... Some days, I do too. But when you get past that, there's this inspiring person in there. A hero. You talk about her like she's Supergirl. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) Well, in some ways, she is. And sometimes being a hero means making sacrifices. Deep down, she always knew there was something big she needed to do. And if she could go back and do it all over again, I don't think she would change a single thing. Except leaving you. No, you wrote the letter. (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) What? No, no! That would be illegal, maybe, and completely insane, and... Yeah, yeah, that was a thing I did. I knew it. This explains everything. Only because she's too scared! Of what? This. I know letting her in is not gonna be easy... (INHALES DEEPLY) But you have to give her another chance. Has anyone ever told you you deserve a raise? Is that a yes? Only if you come with me. (CLEARS THROAT) Well, I know you both have a lot you really wanna say to each other... I've been informed that I've already said too much. And which you mean by that, despite the tone that we agreed you wouldn't use, is that you may not have expressed yourself very well at dinner. No, she expressed herself perfectly. Over, and over, and over... And what you mean by that, is that you wish she had focused more on you because of all the years spent apart. Just say something to each other. Say something real. Even if it terrifies you. Just try. I never got to put a picture that you'd drawn on the fridge. I never got to tell you stories. And I never got to teach you how not to be afraid of the world. And I never got to tell you how amazing I think you are. I never got to be your mom. But I am your biggest fan, Adam. And I'm so, so sad that I didn't get to see you grow up. You didn't want me. Oh, Adam. That is so not fair. No, let him talk. (SHUDDERING) Did you miss me? Of course I missed you. I missed you every second. I still miss you. (MUMBLES) Oh, no, I didn't mean to... (ADAM EXHALES) I missed you, too. (CLEARS THROAT) I'll see you tomorrow, Ms. Grant. Thank you. I'm sorry. Um, but? No buts. I'm just sorry. Can you track it using its tissue? If it's in its own skin, yes. Okay. So what do we do now? We don't do anything. No. No, no, no. That's not happening. We're gonna bring this in together. We're not bringing it in. What do you mean? You know exactly what I mean. I'm going to find its lair. And when I do, I will drop this human coat I wear. I won't freeze. I will break its body in half and bury it in the dry sand. You're not a murderer. You don't know me. I am 317 years old. I can wear any face I choose. I speak languages your mouth can't even form. You know nothing about me. What about the real Senator Crane? She's dead. You don't know that. (SIGHS) You said it yourself, "We don't choose who we protect." So if she's alive, we have to find her. (SIGHS) I know you believe in honor. There is no honor in what you're about to do. It no longer matters. Agent 1 : Floors one through six are clear. Alex : She's gotta be in here somewhere. Hank, you all right? I'm in a sewer, Danvers, everything is just peachy. Alex over comms :  Let me  know if you find something. No if. Crane :  Help. Help me. Someone. (WATER DRIPPING) I know you're there. Come for me. Crane :  Help. Help me. I'm in here. Go, go. (BREATHES HEAVILY) Senator Crane? (WEAKLY) Thank you. Thank God. (SIGHS) Hank, I have the senator. That's impossible. (BREATHING SHAKILY) Please. She's with me. Hank :  Alex. Get back. (GROWLS) (SCREAMING) (ROARS) (SCREECHES) (GASPS) Would you like to know why I haven't killed you? I'm bait. You could save yourself pain by telling me which of your coworkers is the Martian. (BREATHING HEAVILY) Go to hell. I'm not talking. The thing you're protecting, it's the last remnant of an infestation my people eradicated. It's an insect. But you? (CHUCKLES) You're not even an insect. You're what worms eat. And half of you will do just as well as bait. J'onn J'onzz :  You want me, not her. You may not have a soul, but I've been loath to use it,  but you left me no choice. You want your human pet back? I want this to end. Prove to me my agent is alive, and I'll come. Your friend wants to know if you're still breathing. Beg him to save you. J'onn, don't. Is she there? I can hear her. She's alive. This ends tonight. Crane :  The desert. It reminds me of home. Come now so I can water the ground with your blood, J'onn J'onzz. Or you can let another child die. She's in the desert. You get Alex and get out. I'm not leaving you alone with that thing. You have to. I'm done. Done? Done with what? It has Alex. We've got to stop it. This started because it wanted me dead. My race gone. If I'm all that's left, let it have me. No, this murderer does not get to win. And you don't get to give up. It will save Alex. We don't choose. We fight. Kara, I'm tired of being the last. Tired of having lived. You, of all people, know how heavy it is to survive. I do. I ask myself every day why my mother didn't crawl into that pod with me. Now I know she felt guilty. She felt responsible for what happened on Krypton. Dying must have seemed honorable. But dying is a lot easier than getting back up when the world's ended. You have to get up. You have to go on. My road is done. I'll help Alex and then join my people. Wherever they are. (SIGHS) (WHOOSHING) Is this what you wanted? Run. (SPEAKING ALIEN LANGUAGE) (GRUNTS) (GRUNTS) (PANTING) It's over, J'onn. (BREATHING HEAVILY) It's all right. (GRUNTS) (GASPS) (KARA BREATHING HEAVILY) What are you doing? I'm sorry. But I can't let you stop me. (GROANING) J'onn. J'onn, J'onn, listen to me. I lost everything. (VOICE BREAKING) Everyone. It makes a hole in your heart. But you can't fall into it. You have to fill it. You have to fight. (GROANING) Do not throw away who you are. If you do, that thing wins. The Last Son of Mars dies, even if you're still standing. (SHUDDERING) (WHITE MARTIAN GROWLING) My kind will come for me and you will die! They will come and you will all know destruction. There are more of you? Thousands. Millions. (WHITE MARTIAN GROWLING) Let them come. (WHITE MARTIAN GROWLING) You did the right thing. I'm sorry you had to. My daughters were named K'hym and Tanya. It's not the same, but... Any man would be proud to call you his daughters. (SNIFFLES) Enough of that. Right. Right. Sorry. (CLEARS THROAT) Boss. Awfully quiet today. Space and time. I know many of my supporters are surprised to hear that I'm revising  my stance on the anti-alien initiative. While it's important we remain cautious, we still have a lot to learn  before we take action. Reporter : Senator, this decision is in light of an alien at your rally. What changed? Supergirl. She apprehended my attacker and Her efforts to protect  me and National City  taught me that not all visitors  to our world are the enemy. And as a nation, we cannot  let fear dictate our future. Ker-rah, get me the Senator, I wanna do an interview for our lead story. Ah. I thought you were flying home. Nah, change of plans. I wanted to stick around a little longer. (CHUCKLES) Well, great. Maybe, we can do lunch. If you want to. Yeah, lunch sounds good... Hey, have you seen Kara around, by any chance? Uh, no. She's probably in the bathroom picking muffin out of her hair. Why? Well, she does have nice hair. I see. (PANTING) Here's your latte, Ms. Grant. Hi, Adam. Hey. (KARA SIGHS) (CLEARS THROAT) Hmm. Ker-rah. If you need me, I will be in my office. Hey, so, I'm confused. Is it Ker-rah or Kara? (CHUCKLES) It's Ker-rah to your mom. And Kara to literally everyone else on the planet. And beyond. Gotcha. Um... Kara, I wanted to say thank you. For all of this. Um, I'm really glad I came to see my mom. And I'm really glad I met you. Oh... What are your thoughts about Korean barbecue? Uh, I don't think your mom would be into grilling her own meat. Not for her, for you. Oh. Oh. Oh, you're asking me out. How about tomorrow night? Well, uh, I'd have to check in and make sure I could. She's available. I am... I'm available. I'll see you then. (CHUCKLES) (SOFTLY) Bye. The hot guy from Noonan's? Yup. (CHUCKLES SOFTLY) Called it. I don't know if I can do this. I haven't been on a real date in like forever. (SIGHS) You incinerate robots and you prevent buildings from collapsing. You can handle a date. Even if he's Cat Grant's son? You're kidding. Nope. Switch. (SCOFFS) So... So what happens at the office when the date goes bad? Kara. Please just go on the date first and have fun before you talk about it going bad. If Cat's upset, you know, that's her problem. Ooh, her problems are my problems. You need boundaries. I can't help it. When someone needs help, I'll help them. I get that. As Supergirl. But Kara, you don't need to save everyone all the time. Female newscaster :  We interrupt  this program for breaking news. Supergirl has arrived at the scene  of the accident on Route 1. How are you there? I'm not. Yeah. That is definitely not me. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 