Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Stronger Together - Supergirl 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Stronger Together https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=297&t=23485 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/02/15 22:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Stronger Together 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Kara :  Previously on  Supergirl... 
 Kara :  I feel like I'm not living up to my potential. 
 I went to work for Cat Grant But, instead, I just fetch the coffee. (SIRENS WAILING) Reporter :  While the National City Airlines is circling the city after an engine failure. (EXCLAIMS) Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. We're going down. Why do you do this to me? Because I'm your sister and you love me. You exposed yourself. To the world. Kara :  Ever since I was adopted,  I felt the need to help people, and tonight I got that chance. Hank :  Welcome to the DEO, we protect Earth from extraterrestrial invasion. I'm still learning. But the people of this city will die. You have to let me stop it. Do you have eyes on the target? I got him. Kara :  I can't do it! She's not strong enough. (GRUNTS) Kara, it's why you were sent here. believe that, you have to believe it too.  (GRUNTS) Kara :  Earth doesn't have just one hero anymore. Now it has Supergirl. Kara :  When people see that red cape, they expect to see a certain someone. Someone they know. But this isn't his story. It's mine. It's been a week since I revealed myself to National City. So far, things are going pretty well. I think I might actually have a handle on this. Is that the fastest you can go? Are these tests mandatory for everyone or just because I'm a... It is nobeuse you're a woman, Miss Danvers. The DEO requires rigorous physical and psychological evaluation for all its prospective field operatives. I was gonna say “alien.” A novice superhero could be a liability in a field. I need to know you're in full control of your powers. Stamina, strength, speed. (GLASS SHATTERING) My sister just broke the sound barrier, sir. Hank : Fire again. So, did I pass? I see you share your cousin's appetite for wanton destruction, Miss Danvers. You know, I am starting to answer to Supergirl. It's cool, we'll... We'll find our thing. Is all of this really necessary? I'm ready, Alex, for all of it. I can do this. Believe it or not, he's just looking out for you. You know, we both are. I had a full year of training before he even let me in the field. (SIGHS) But I'm really glad that you're here, though. (CHUCKLES) I hated keeping this whole part of my life from you. And growing up, I always thought you were such a bad liar. That's what a good liar makes you think. Winn : (OVER EARPIECE)  Supergirl. Come in, Supergirl. Winn, what is it? I'm kind of busy right now. Kara, there is a huge fire raging down at the National City port. It is bad. All right. I'm on my way. Hey, you've been dodging missiles and pushing your endurance for the last two hours. Even you have your limits. For the last twelve years I hid who I was. I don't have to anymore. And I don't want to waste a minute of it. Besides, this sounds like a job for Supergirl. (SIRENS BLARING) (EXPLOSIONS) What can I do, Chief? That ship's holding almost a million barrels of crude oil. If the fire reaches it, it's gonna go off like a two ton bomb. And the tugboat won't get here in time. What are you waiting for? Superman would've blown it out by now. Right. Okay. Uh, you've got this. (MEN SCREAMING) Man : You're making it worse. I'm going to try to move it. (SCREAMING) (SCREAMING) Newscaster :  Miracle or menace? That's what the citizens of National City are asking themselves after the latest attempt at heroics by Supergirl left the bay facing an ecological disaster. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) Oh, God, is that smell you? Three showers and I still reek of burning oil. I went from superhero to ecoterrorist in a single bound. Hey, hey. You're just, like, a week into this superhero thing, you're going to make some mistakes. (CHUCKLES) Like, when you first started working here and Cat asked you to get her lunch and you went to Chipotle. Yeah, except nowl'm making mists in front of the whole world. Maxwell Lord : (ON TV)  Forget about Supergirl's lack of experience, I'm talking about the trouble she'll bring to National City. Look at Metropolis. Since Superman's arrival, a veritable super bad guy war has been waged on that city. Their maintenance budgets have quadrupled. National City does not need Metropolis' problems. Who cares what that guy says? You do. Isn't Maxwell Lord your personal hero? I own a couple Maxwell Lord watches and his biography. Mmm-hmm. And his autobiography... Yeah. Cat :  Drunk, 9:00 a.m. That's the last time I have breakfast with Ruth Bader Ginsburg. (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS) She's here. At least now I know how you do that. (SIGHS) Here is your latte, Ms. Grant. It's hot. Just how you like it. A concern you didn't seem to share before today. Content meeting, two minutes, my office. We're all aware of Supergirl's latest debacle, yes? She made sure no one will surf National City for the next 10,000 years. Some hero. Cat : It was the lead story on the  Daily Planet  homepage, their fifth in as many days. Which annoys me because the  Daily Planet  already has a go-to superhero, and now they're trying to steal mine. Now, when I branded her, there was an implicit promise that she would be, at a minimum, above average. But in the past week, she has proved herself to be... Oh, what is the opposite of super? # Terriblegirl? You know, Superman made plenty of mistakes when he first started. At least she's saving lives. In the sloppiest, most awkward way imaginable, James. So it is left to us to take control of Supergirl's narrative. Save her from self-immolation, and scoop the  Planet. I want an interview. (SNICKERS) Yes, Kara? Sorry, sorry. I just... I just started to think about this kitten video I saw online earlier. It's so funny what they make those cats do. I'll send it to all of you. Or not. James... Perhaps your friend in blue would be useful in arranging a sit down? Maybe you could broach the subject, the next time you “Bro hang.” (CHUCKLES) It, uh, doesn't really work that way, Ms. Grant. Mmm. Well, let me assure all of you, Lois Lane, Clark Kent, and all of the hags over at the  Daily Planet  are working day and night to get this exclusive. We need to get it first. I want a sit down with Supergirl. A girl to girl. And I want it by, um, the end of the week. Go, go. Go, go. Not you, Kara. Do you really think that I don't know what's going on with you? You do? Well, no. And honestly, I don't care. But whatever it is, it's affecting you at the office. Now you need to join a gym, uh, see a shrink, whatever, but get your head out of the clouds and back behind the desk where it belongs. (SIGHS) All right. Kara : I am not doing that interview. No. I can't... I mean, I can't. Ms. Grant's not stupid. She'd recognize me in, like, one second. She will look at Supergirl right in the face and she will not even see her assistant. How can you be so sure? Because she doesn't see you now. I watched it happen for years with your cousin. Why don't you think that people recognize him as Clark Kent? Reading glasses and a good slouch? No, he's able to hide because the world can't believe that there's really a hero in their midst. Yeah, and I'm sure there's a good reason why my cousin keeps his job at  The Daily Planet  instead of flying around as Superman all the time, which would be so much easier. Yeah well, one, he's able to pay his rent. She's going to keep pressuring you about that interview. Oh, I can handle Cat Grant. I don't know... I don't know. I... I... Maybe I put the “S” on too soon. Kara, look out the window. Tell me what you see. Buildings. Billboards. There's that bar where that guy cards me all the time. He knows how old I am. I see a city full of people who need help. Who need a hero. (SIGHS) You really think so? If anyone can fill Superman's boots... It's you. Thank you, James. That was a really good pep talk. Excellent use of pep. illiant. Awesome. Guard 1 : Look, Superman's the man. I grant you that. All I'm saying is, I think it's great National City's got our own superhero. Guard 2 : Yeah, you said the same thing when we got our own professional basketball team. You saw how well that turned out. (CLANGING) Hey, everything okay up here? Yeah, just finishing things up. Let me see your ID. Stand back from the tank. We have a security breach in Sector 52. (HISSING) (SCREAMING) (SCREAMING) Hank : What is she doing here? I called her, sir. We hunt aliens. She is one. It's a resource we didn't have before. What can I do to help? Don't cause any oil spills. Take a look around. Don't touch anything. Alex, this whole facility specializes in chemical manufacturing. Sodium hypochlorite, ammonium nitrate. Ingredients for a chemical bomb? Yeah. We need to find this alien, fast. Shouldn't you be sleeping? I wanted to see you. I'm sorry I could not be home sooner. Father made dinner. Then I am truly sorry. (CHUCKLES) Zor-El has many fine qualities. Sadly, cooking is not among them. Why were you working so late? Oh, another criminal was brought to the Citadel. What kind? He is not from Krypton. His people are called Hellgrammites. And you stopped him? Oh, the Military Guild arrested him. It is my job as adjudicator to get justice for his victims, and make sure he never hurts anyone ever again. I want to help people just like you some day. You will, Kara. How do you know? Because you have the heart of a hero. Now get some sleep. Okay. Hellgrammite. You're looking for a Hellgrammite. That stinger you pulled out, I've seen it before on Krypton. My mother sent one of their kind to Fort Rozz. According to the data we salvaged from the wreckage of Fort Rozz, there was a Hellgrammite prisoner. What do we know about his species? Not much. It's basically a large insect, but he can camouflage himself into any shape he wants. Humanoid included. A giant insect trying to steal bomb-grade chemical compounds. This ner ceases to surprise. You guys track him down, and I'll take him out, just like we did with Vartox. Sure thing, Miss Danvers. If you can prove to us you can handle yourself without getting killed. What are we doing in here? When I joined the DEO, I spent 12 hours a day for five straight months in this room. We need to know that you're prepared for everything you might face out there. Alex, I can bend steel with my bare hands. And last week, I kicked Vartox's butt. I'm ready enough. You really think so? Yeah. I do. (GRUNTS) (MACHINE HUMMING) (PANTING) How did you do that? Kryptonite emitters. You're only at 18%. Not enough to permanently harm you, but enough to weaken you. Make this a fair fight. I just found out last week that Kryptonite exists. Only the DEO knows it can hurt me. You may have powers, Kara, but so do most of the Fort Rozz aliens. Not only do they have the element of surprise, but they've also had time to master their abilities. We may not always know who our enemies are, so we need to be prepared to face anyone. Now, come at me. (GRUNTING) (PANTING) (BOTH GRUNTING) (GROANS) Your wind up leaves you open for a counterattack. (BOTH PANTING) (SIGHS) (GRUNTING) (GROANS) You're relying on your strength without technique. When you are facing a superior opponent, you need to use their strength against them. (GRUNTING) All right, all right, enough. You made your point. Well, maybe I'm not DEO material after all. I think I know why my cousin prefers to work alone. Miss Danvers... I hate that you made me do that. You should be thanking me. You may have just saved your sister's life. (SIGHS) Why are you walking like that? I took your advice to get my head out of the clouds, so I took a kickboxing class. I'm a little sore. “Supergirl Failure to Launch?” I don't need you to read it to me. I wrote it. Get it to copy for the noon posting. I don't get it. Why do you keep criticizing Supergirl for trying to save the city? When Superman started... He, he, he. Him, him, him. I am so sick of hearing about the Man of Steel. Every woman worth her salt knows that we have to work twice as hard as a man to be thought of as half as good. Well, she did rescue that plane. Yes, which she ditched, bobbing in a bay. Engineers are working around the clock trying to remove it. She saved that tanker from exploding. Causing an oil slick, which they're still trying to clean up. Now, I don't like the fishes, but it does reassure me to know that they're still under there swimming about. Well, if Supergirl were here, what would you suggest she do? Calm the hell down. She's taking on way too much, way too fast. She's trying to save the day. By screwing everything up? No, this inexperienced idiot has barely had a run in her tights, and yet there she is at the epicenter of danger. What's next? “I think I'll catch the meteor that's headed straight for the White House?” Oh! Whoopsy. No, no, no. There is a learning curve. You don't just walk through the front door and suddenly own the company. I started out as Perry White's assistant. I worked my ass off until one day I finally had the chance to write an article for the gossip column. Every step of the way, I had to fight, to work hard, to get better, to come out ahead. No, catching planes and boats on fire, hmm... How about we start small and work our way up? Supergirl should take a page out of your book, Kara. Uh, this fish isn't local, is it? No, of course not. Meet me in the alley in five minutes. Thank God you didn't say the roof. Hey, what's up? Nothing, nothing. (CLEARS THROAT) I... I like to come out here to smoke. Which I like to do in private. Actually, I'm meeting someone right now so... Yeah, you can meet them inside the building. Yeah? No, uh, my friend likes to make an entrance. (LOUD WHOOSHING) He knows. He knows? You told him? James already knew. And Winn's my friend. Yeah. If I'm going to be a hero, and prove to everyone that I know what I'm doing, I'm gonna need to practice. Start small, get better. And to do that, I'm gonna need your help. I'm in. I'm in. I... I... I said it first. (CLEARS THROAT) I don't want any trouble. Then you should've stayed hidden, under your rock with the rest of the insects. I have to eat. General Astra promised she would take care of all your needs on this world. Her only request was your loyalty. Tell her I prefer to go it alone. Tell her yourself. I don't wanna be a part of whatever you're planning. Like I told you all when we first crashed here and escaped Fort Rozz, we are stronger together. (PANTING) There is a Kryptonian working with the humans. My niece, in fact. She calls herself Supergirl. You will make excellent bait to help me capture her. I've seen what happens to people when they take on someone wearing that “S.” This is not an invitation, it's a command. Okay, boys, what have you got for me? Armed robbery at a pizza place on 5th and Siegel. Remember, bulletproof means bullets bounce off of you. So, if you don't want anyone to get hurt, don't let the bad guys even get a shot off. Oh, yeah, and also try not to damage the suit. I, uh, helped make that outfit. I got some mad sewing skills. Mmm-hmm. Get down! (WOMAN SCREAMING) Now give me your money. Come on, let's go, let's go. Kara :  Next? Ambulance caught in traffic on Donner Avenue carrying a heart attack victim. They're not gonna make it to National City General in time. Oh, and a fully-loaded ambulance is about 9,200 pounds, which would mean that you'd need to use a maximum of 44,498 newtons of force... Kara, what he means is, gently this time. 
 
 Female newscaster :  Supergirl rescued an ambulance stuck in traffic, saving the life of a man inside. Male newscaster :  Another super save for Supergirl. Looks like National City's hero is starting to live up to her name. Oh! This one's the Fire Department. Ha! Kara, you're gonna love this one, it's a classic. Kitten up a tree. Fluffy! Here you go. (CLEARS THROAT) I thought you said it was a cat. Who names her snake Fluffy? Male newscaster :  A dazzling display of heroics by the Girl of Steel now has a grateful National City asking, “What oil spill?” Watch out, Metropolis. (CHUCKLING) Looks like we're about to give you a run for your superhero money! I can't believe it. It's working. People are really starting to believe in her. In you. I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you. Both of you. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) God, what, did you order more pizza? You're a beast. Kara? Kara, the cape. Your cape... Can we talk? Do you really think it was a good idea for you to tell your friends who you are? Yes, because they're my friends. I'm allowed to have friends, aren't I? Or is that also against DEO rules? I didn't come here to fight, I came here to apologize. For how I handled things back at the DEO. Maybe it wasn't the right way to go about it, but... You have got to understand I was only looking out for you. You always have looked out for me, since the day my cousin dropped me off at your house. (SIGHS) Do you remember how scared you were of the popcorn maker? (LAUGHS) Yeah. You crawled under the table next to me. Showed me the melted butter and sprinkled the tiny, white crystals... But I'm not a scared little girl anymore. Yeah, but I will always be your big sister. That doesn't just suddenly change because last week you decided to fight criminals. Well, last week I found out you don't work in a lab. You're out there fighting, risking your life, and I still trust you. I... I know I have a lot to learn. And James and Winn believe in me, but... I need your faith, Alex. More than that “S,” more than that cape... More than anyone's. (PHONE RINGING) Danvers. I'll be right there. (PHONE BEEPS) They need me back at the DEO. I'll call you. What's the news on the Hellgrammite? We've confirmed six similar attacks on chemical plants across the country over the past year. He's been making his way to National City with enough chemical components to build a weapon of mass destruction. I'm not so sure about that, sir. The tests we ran on his blood indicate his alien DNA isn't carbon-based like humans. It has a chlorine foundation. Each of those facilities stored confiscated DDT, which is a chlorine pesticide. Well, if he's not building a weapon, what does he need DDT for? He's eating it. Right. Given his home planet's atmospheric conditions, DDT would be the closest thing on Earth he could find to food. Since DDT was banned, the government has been destroying remaining stockpiles. His food source is shrinking. Well, if this thing is hungry, let's buy him some dinner. Woman newscaster :  Eat your heart out, Metropolis, it looks like Supergirl is here to stay. Ms. Grant, you wanted to see me? James, I was wondering how the hunt for the interview with Supergirl is going. Oh, she's doing a little better, so I wasn't really sure if you were still interested in controlling the story. Oh, I want a sit down with her before the  Planet. Maybe I was beating around the bush too much earlier. No, you were pretty clear. The “S” is not some “Who wore it best” fashion faux pas. It's a team logo. Maybe Supergirl is his sister, maybe it's his girlfriend, but there's definitely a connection. And because you are famously “his pal,” I have to wonder why you haven't exploited that relationship to get me what I want. I have a policy against using my friends for business reasons. And I have a policy against losing. Whose policy do you think means more to me? No, I get it. You're an honorable guy. So I'm asking you to do what's right by me and this company and get me in a room with that girl. You have 24 hours. Or? Or the  Planet  gets their beloved photojournalist back. (SIGHS) Dispatcher :  Greyhound, this is Trap One, no sign of the hostile. Copy, Trap One. Stay alert. Let's hope this movable feast is too hard to resist. Given the Hellgrammite's superior sense of smell, he should've sensed the DDT in the atmosphere by now. Then where the hell is he? Trap One, the target is on your vehicle! (MAN SCREAMING) (STINGERS SHOOTING) (SCREAMING) (HISSING) Hank : Alex! Astra : Where is the Kryptonian? She didn't show. But this is one of the human agents. I'm hoping it's enough to keep you off my back. I've been waiting quite some time to get one of you alive. (CLEARS THROAT) Hey. Uh, Winn and I are gonna head back to my place, listen to the scanner and do a little super hero-ing if you wanna come? I think I'm gonna take tonight off if you don't mind. Just got some things I should think about. Look, I know I said I wouldn't do the interview, but I'll do it. I don't want you getting fired. (CHUCKLES) I guess I shouldn't be surprised. (CHUCKLES) (INHALES DEEPLY) You know, it's been like this for a while. Back when I first started, I was this nervous kid with his camera, just trying to get noticed. And then one day, everybody knew my name. And not because of anything I did. Not really. It's because I was friends with somebody who was making a difference. I don't know, I just... I thought... I could escape all that when I moved here. Be my own man, you know. (BOTH CHUCKLE) Back on Krypton, no one was their own man. Growing up, I was taught that to accept help from people is not a shame, it's an honor. Your cousin never talks about Krypton. He was a baby when we left. But I remember it. All the time. (CHUCKLES) Did he ever tell you what that “S” means? The House of El. Yes, but, it also stands for a Kryptonian phrase, our family motto. “El mayarah.” It means, “Stronger together.” You say people will see me the way they see Superman one day, but... I don't want to be a hero like him. My cousin, he's so used to going it alone, he doesn't know any other way. But I do. I see it now. You, Winn, my sister, Ms. Grant even, you've all showed me that. James, part of being your own man is knowing when to accept help. You really want to do that interview? (CHUCKLES) First, I was scared, but I'm not anymore. I want to do it. For me? For what we're trying to do here together. For us. (PHONE RINGING) Sorry. Hello. It's Henshaw. There's been an incident. Your sister's been abducted. I should've been there. If I was there... If you trusted me instead of putting me through your tests, I could've stopped this. Or maybe you'd be captured and dead too. I know, to you, she's just an agent, but to me, she's my family. Does that mean anything to you? Do you have a family? I did. Look, we have every satellite and tactical drone up in the air, searching this whole city for her. And now you have me too. (PEOPLE SPEAKING) (BELL RINGING) (SIRENS BLARING) (VEHICLES HONKING) Astra : You're bleeding. Human beings are so fragile. It's amazing any of you make it out of infancy. Alura... How do you know that name? I saw a hologram of you. A message from Krypton. It was on the ship that brought your daughter to Earth. Twins were rare on Krypton. When we were children, Alura and I took great pleasure in confusing our parents. You're Alura's sister. I am General Astra. And what is your name? You are very brave. Braver than most of your race. There is no reason to kill me, or anyone in National City. Is that what you think? That my goal is simply to kill humans? You are so very wrong. I am here to save you all. Supergirl will find me. Alex. Director Henshaw, I got her. A warehouse at the corner of 78th and Washington. I'm going to get her back. Miss Danvers, wait. (CLICKS TONGUE) Get a strike team ready. We're moving out. Yes, sir. Alex. No! Get out of here, it's a trap. (KARA SCREAMING) (GRUNTS) It's been a long time, little one. (PANTING) Astra : Look how you've grown. So beautiful. But you... You died. When Krypton exploded... Everyone died. You died... Aunt Astra. Except I wasn't on Krypton when it perished. I was a prisoner aboard Fort Rozz. Did your mother not tell you? How she sent me away? Banished her own blood? Imprisoned me for speaking the truth while she told only lies? But why did she send you to Fort Rozz? For being a hero. For trying to save our world. I remember so many nights, sitting on your lap, listening as you taught me all the nameof the stars. Then let me educate you once again, dear niece. Your alliance with the humans is misplaced. Do not stand against me. I let one planet die, I will not do so again. Funny, I was going to say the same thing. (GRUNTS) (GRUNTS) Greyhound, this is Trap Leader, over. Greyhound, do you copy? Join me, little one. Never call me that again. (GRUNTS) Ahhh! It's nothing personal. Just every species has a will to survive. Know what most species also have? Those. (GRUNTS) (GASPS) You chose for it to end like this, instead of allying with your family. Now you can die alone. You might wanna rethink the cape. (BOTH GRUNTING) Alex :  When you are facing a superior opponent,  you use their strength against them. (PANTING) Hey! Are you okay? I saw on the news you haven't quite mastered that one yet. Hank : Stop. Stay where you are. (LAUGHS) (GROANING) You possess no weapon that could harm me. You are so wrong. (SCREAMING) Any more family I should know about? (BOTH SIGH) (WHISPERS) Okay. (EXHALES) I wish I had your healing powers. You took down the Hellgrammite with no help from me. Yeah, well, you were a little busy. I can't even imagine what you must be feeling right now. I mean, after all this time, finding out you still have family. You're my family. My aunt... We have to stop her. I have to be ready for her next time. Show me how to fight. Train me to be as good as you. I'll make you even better. On Krypton, I remember Aunt Astra and my mother always arguing. Like sisters do. And when I asked my mother why they could never get along, she said that it was because Astra didn't have faith in people. You wanted to know if I have faith in you. I do. I always have. When you first came to live with us, my parents told me that you would be sad and fragile, having just lost your world, your parents, friends. But you never let that loss diminish your light. You've always had the heart of a hero, Kara, way before you put on that “S.” (BOTH LAUGH SOFTLY) What are you doing? You need to rest. There's something that I need to show you. Something I've been working on. Your cousin has a base, it's a fortress, I guess, in the Arctic. Now, we don't know much about it, but we do know it's a place that he's been able to commune with his Kryptonian ancestors. How? They're all gone. They're no longer alive, yes. The door will only open for you. Mom. Hello, Kara. (EXHALES) Wait... I don't understand. The message we found in your pod, it was part of an interactive artificial intelligence program, that's culled from living memory. It's not really her, but... Kara, I have been programmed to offer you assistance here on Earth. Thank you, Alex. I'll let you two talk. I... I'm not quite sure what to ask. Whatever it is you wish you could ask Alura, you may ask me. (CRYING) I'd ask for a hug. I am not programmed to do that. (SNIFFLES) Then tell me about my Aunt Astra. Director Henshaw, thank you for helping me set up that room. It's the least I can do for Supergirl. I won't tell her you called her that. I'd appreciate it. (ASTRA GROANS) (SCREAMS) Kryptonians are nearly indestructible on Earth. How could that blade hurt me? Unclear. I've never seen anything like it. (GROANING) It's definitely not from this planet. It seems to be emitting a specific radioactivity that's damaging to your cellular structure. It's still making me sick. Get it away from me. Get it out of here. Man :  The humans are more canny than we predicted. Until we learn to neutralize this weapon they possess, we might have to rethink our timetable for taking National City. Man : And what of Kara Zor El? My niece, she is stronger than I thought. She's not just a little girl from Krypton anymore. Uh, Mr. Olsen, I know that I gave you 24 hours to get me that interview with Supergirl, but if you haven't procured it by now, I would like to set up some interviews with new art directors for tomorrow. Eyes on the road up there. Actually, Ms. Grant, your interview with Supergirl's already started. Look out your window. What the hell? Kara : Ms. Grant. James Olsen said you wanna talk. Let's talk. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 