Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - The Age of Reason - Boardwalk Empire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - The Age of Reason https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=39&t=13881 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/04/11 21:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - The Age of Reason 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Nucky : You made a deal with Frank Hague. 
 It's just politics. 
 I'll make it up to you when I'm in the White House. 
 Senator, the only chance you have of entering the White House is on a guided tour. 
 I wanna give you a son, Nelson. 
 You're carrying a child. That is a sacred charge from the Lord and a financial agreement between us. 
 (Slams) 
 I hear you're acquainted with Mr. George Remus. 
 I'm acquainted with a lot of people. 
 A few weeks back, I spot him driving with another fella to a bar. 
 It was a bootlegging operation. 
 There's concern about the recent setbacks. 
 You lost $70,000 of our money. 
 You gonna drum me out of your yacht club? 
 It's high time learned something about respect. 
 I need to know how this will work. 
 The U.S. attorney here  presents a motion to transfer to federal court. 
 The department of justice determines it's simply not worth the time and resources to prosecute your case. 
 I need a port to land some cargo. 
 I have an import operation in Montauk. 
 What about Philadelphia? 
 We'd have to cut in Waxey Gordon. 
 I'm listening. 
 My 20% includes men  to oversee the operation. 
 You got liquor, we got money. 
 We do 100 cases a week, build our business from there. 
 Let's stick it right up Waxey's tuchus. 
 Did you hear someone screaming? 
 I heard you out here. 
 You should get back to bed. 
 Oh! 
 I'm gonna teach you something now. 
 Ah! Who the hell are you? 
 A soldier. 
 No! 
 (Muffled screams) 
 (Theme music playing) 
 (Music playing) Lucy :  Pick up some lemons on your way home from work, would you? You want lemons. I can't get comfortable. Agent Clarkson is in a hospital bed with third-degree burns over most of his body. I would venture to say he can't get comfortable either. I'm sorry, daddy. It's just ate I want to be done with this. I will pick up lemons. (Door closes) Father Brennan :  All human beings sin. We try and we try, but still we make mistakes. So how can we avoid the fires of hell if we can't stop sinning? We've been over this, dear. Say sorry? What else? Before that. You have to confess your sins. Then you say you're sorry. He knows. Father Brennan :  When you misbehave, Teddy,  when you sass your parents or laugh in church, you're like the cruel Jews and evil soldiers who taunted Jesus when he was on the cross. Now, Jesus never complains, of course. He can take it. But Jesus's father-- God. Very good. He doesn't like it when we sin. It makes him very angry. And when God is angry, where does he think about sending us? We need to wrap this up, Ed. This is our last meeting before his first confession. It's important to set a good example. I'm pretty confident that between the three of us we can save his soul. I'll be in the car. Father Brennan :  You are now seven years old. (Door closes) Thus you have attained the age of reason, meaning you know the difference between right and wrong. After age seven, God doesn't just watch over us, does he? What else does he do? He judges us? He judges us. (Rhythmic tapping) Stop that, Teddy. Make sure he's prepared to list his sins honestly and thoroughly tomorrow. You also, for your own confession. I must confess as well? It really is about setting an example. May it please the court, my name is Charles Thorogood, representing the people of the United States. We're here today, seeking a transfer of the election-rigging case against Enoch Thompson-- what are you wearing there? Your honor? On your feet. Shoes, your honor. Green. Very demonstrative. Your honor, I'm here today seeking a transfer of the election-rigging case against Enoch Thompson from state to federal court. As it has been brought to our attention-- by the press in fact, as opposed to the state's attorney as would have been proper-- the charges against Mr. Thompson now include the transportation of women across state lines for immoral purpose, in violation of the white slave traffic act, section 2, also known as the Mann act. I know what it is, counselor. What I don't know is how it relates to election rigging. If I may, your honor-- You may not. Charles :  The defendant Mr.Thompson is accused of paying these women  to coerce potential voters by employing their feminine wiles. s*x, intercourse. Yes. And given the high-profile nature of this case, we think it appropriate that the federal government take over what the good state of New Jersey has begun. That way we may prosecute Mr. Thompson to the full extent of the law. I'm inclined to agree with you, Mr. Thorogood. Charles :  Thank you, your honor. (Music playing) You got Daniel in there? Pardon? The lion's den. My boys love that one. It's for my nephew. He's making his first confession. Oh. Very nice. Very nice. You a churchgoing man? Oh, I never miss a week. Shiloh baptist over on arctic. (Phone ringing) Have a blessed week. George Remus calling. George, hearing your name a lot lately. Calling to say thanks. Remus wasn't expecting any favors coming his way from Atlantic City. If you're talking about whatever  deal you worked out with Jess Smith,  let's just say I was helping both of us. We reached an agreement. Now Remus can buy his liquor permits straight from the source, as often as he needs to. Sounds like you're rolling in it. (Chuckles) More like floating. Do you know what Remus is doing right now? I'm sure I can't imagine. Getting ready for a dip in his indoor swimming pool. Lavish. Even better than having the ocean outside your door. Then when can I expect a finder's fee? (Laughing) What for? The recommendation to Smith. Wow... You haven't changed. George,  is the irony lost on you that you operate in Ohio but didn't know anyone from Harding's administration until I stepped up? You know what Remus doesn't like about you? The nickel and diming. Jesus Christ! You're still squawking about the phone charges? You come to Cincinnati, you're not handed a bill for the maid service. Why the f*ck would anyone ever go to Cincinnati? Remus finds you petty and resentful. Well, Remus can go f*ck himself. "I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well." Alexander, The Great. Son of a king. Like you, dear. A king who's very proud of his heir. And my teacher-- What about him? Nucky? He's always thinking ahead. This ploy with the Attorney General... You sound impressed. It's a clever move. I wouldn't have thought of it. I'm sorry, Louis, but give the man his due. No no. Easy darling, easy. It's time for your medicine. Langston. God damn it. Tough old bird, that one. I thought he was talking about you, ma. I'm glad you're keeping your chin up through all this. I've been through bigger scrapes. But you were taking orders then, not giving them. The business with Jackson Parkhurst-- was that necessary? You would have to ask the men responsible. I'd be lying if I said that many tears were shed, but you've alienated some powerful allies. We don't care for what you're implying, Leander. I'd like to talk to your son... Privately. Jimmy :  It's all right, mom. I know you'll tell me everything. (Kissing) That's just something she does. I can't fault you for boldness, but not every insult requires a response. How would you have handled it? Your father, when we first met-- this was a long time ago-- he had many virtues, but prudence was not one of them. It caused him some difficulty. Nucky was different. From the start, he was thinking about something bigger-- a machine that made everyone pay. And what he accomplished was impressive. I don't see you at his fundraisers. That doesn't stop me from admiring his skill. What's so hard about putting the squeeze on somebody? Are you finding it easy? No? Then don't be so quick to judge. I've started something, Mr. Whitlock. I'm going to see it through no matter what. I'd rather hear that you wanted to win. Isn't that what I just said? (Sighs) (Music playing) (Plate clinking) (Groaning) Oh. (Crying) (cork pops) - Charles:  Only my third time before a judge you believe that? And it was nifty, I tell you, just like my old man said it'd be. Oh, your dad's a lawyer? (Laughs) Of course he's a lawyer. Don't you know my old man? Can't say as I do. He must know my old man, huh? Operator :  Connecting you now, sir. Harry :  Nucky! Harry! You sound happy. Are you happy? Life is grand. I'm a federal defendant. So now you owe me one. Actually, now we're even. Or we will be once skippy here tanks the case. Chip. Glad to have helped, Nuck. Tell him I said thanks. Jess says thanks for the intro to Remus. That's a big fish right there. Well, watch he doesn't scuttle the ship. Not with me at the helm. Take care of the boy, Nuck. Me and his pop go way back. So I gather. Congratulations, Nucky. Your boss says to take care of you. What's your pleasure, counselor? What do you think? I'm a red-blooded American boy. Order him up so apple pie. Cherry's more my style. A la mode, if you catch my meaning. I don't actually, but Mr. Kessler will set you up in a suite. Ja,  I understand. You want  schlampen. Yeah, if schlampen means a nice redhead... (Teddy giggling) Oh, where do you want this sack of potatoes, miss? (Katy laughs) Oh, anywhere will be fine. There you go. Now run along now before she cooks you up. (Laughing) Is there anything else I can help you with, ma'am? That will be all. Thank you. You're looking fetching today. Why thank you, Mr. Sleater. Right, duty calls. Katy, might I have a word, please? Of course, ma'am. I can't help but notice you and Mr. Sleater. Yes, ma'am? There seems to be quite an attraction. He is very handsome. But it's more than that, isn't it? I don't know what you mean, ma'am. Don't be coy, Katy. It doesn't suit you. Your behavior, yours and his-- there are children in this house as you're well aware. (Baby coos) You can go in now. Jesus Christ. I wasn't exaggerating, sir. How is he still alive? He loves the lord, sir. Well, it seems that's a pretty one-sided relationship. When you blaspheme in this room, you insult agent Clarkson. Even the doctors, men of science,  agree that his fate rests in God's hands, not theirs. O lord,  one who loves you is gravely injured. We beseech you: Mend his flesh. Make him whole. You breathed life into Lazarus, touched the leper-- (Gasping) Sawicki :  Should I get the doc? (Clarkson groans) You-- you-- I see you. I know-- I know what you did. Elliot :  What's he saying? I'll get the doctor. (Crackling) (Music playing) Nucky :  Run it down so everyone's on the same page. Tomorrow night, 2:00 A.M. The weather's fair so we'll get as close to shore as possible. We got speedboats, over a dozen. The whole pickup will take less than an hour. And we're safe from the coast guard? I don't want a repeat of last time. Mr. Gordon has given us his assurances. Waxey. And yes, we're safe. That's what you're paying me for. Was beginning to wonder. Once they make shore in Philly, the goods are loaded onto trucks by Waxey's men. Chayem here will supervise, then his fellas'll get youse  safe to the border of Atlantic City. To the border? For 20% they should be taking us all the way. Waxey :  Youse are broads now? We gotta walk you home? A kiss goodnight would be nice. Sure, with a lead f*ckin' pipe. Charlie. Waxey :  No one's gonna give you no trouble. They do, they gotta answer to me. And I'll be expecting ya'll round about 5:00. And make damn sure you flash them lights 'cause I ain't taking no more chances. (Music playing) (Groaning) (Sighs) Hey, kid! Can you get your mom? (Loud music playing) (Faint) Can you get your mom, please? Please! Please! Please! (Crying) (Music blaring) Man : The latest wireless radio receiver. Yes, sir. Come come. Come on. Come on. You, sir. Come on over. You, sir. How about you, madam? Wireless. Look at that. There's music everywhere suddenly. We should get one. It would be really nice for Tommy. We could introduce him to the classics without having to spend a fortune on records. I also read that the immigrants are using it to learn English. It was in the newspaper. They can sit in their own living rooms and repeat whatever they-- what was that for? I guess the music got to me. (Phone ringing) Rose :  Hello? Hello, dear. Nelson, it's nearly 11:00 P.M. One of my officers, Agent clarkson-- you met him-- he's been very badly hurt. Oh my. It-- it happened some time ago. There was an explosion, a still. I should have been there. Nelson, no. There are things you don't know, Rose, about me, about this job. I'm not fit-- Nelson,  you aren't responsible for the evils in the world. You're the one trying to make it a better place. Nelson? Nelson! I want you to know-- it's important that you know that everything I have done is because I love you. Nelson, you're frightening me. I have sinned, Rose,  and a good and decent man has burned for those sins. Listen to me--  -It's all right, dear. I've made my peace. I'm neither fit for you nor am I fit to wear this badge. Nelson-- I love you. (Moaning) (Grunts) (Sighs) Do you not find me attractive? What? Of course I do. We just made love, Margaret. Sometimes it feels like you're elsewhere. I'm nowhere else. I'm right here. What's on your mind? I've been told I need to make a confession. What? By who? Father Brennan. In preparation for Teddy's communion. Every shoe salesman thinks you need a new pair of boots. He says it's to set an example. What do you plan to say? That's between me and God, isn't it? Yes, and father Brennan. He's a priest. Which means what? That there is a sacred trust. You put a lot more faith in people than I do. Faith is the point entirely, isn't it? Where are you going? To the bathroom. How catholic are you? I beg your pardon? You're not seriously planning on divulging anything sensitive? Like what? Like our shared history, the details of which we'd both be wise to forget. If you're feeling guilty, I suggest you take that up with a priest yourself. 
 
 (Waves crashing) (Phone ringing) Hello? There's a man on the phone. He says he's calling you back. Who is it? It sounded like "onion." I don't like onions. Hello? Boychik, you left a message. Munya! Hey, hold on a minute. Go with your mother, pal. (Muffled) But I've got food in my mouth. Take it in the other room. Let's go in the living room. What the f*ck are you trying to pull, Manny? Pull? I'm not the one who screwed you in a business deal, Boychik. Last night on the boardwalk , I saw a friend of yours. Which friend? You really want to play this game? I don't play games, Mr. Darmody. There are any number of corpses that will attest to that. Now either you can tell me who you saw,  or quit wasting my f*cking time. Your friend-- Herman was his name. I met him at your shop. He was coming out of the Ritz with Waxey Gordon and Nucky Thompson. And you're sure about this? I'm positive. Did he see you? No. I'll ask you one more time, Boychik-- you're certain it was Chayem with Waxey? The fella from your shop, yes. Let me ring you back. (Knocking) Mrs. Thompson, good morning. Good morning. What happened there? I spilled some cornflakes. Is Katy not here? She took the children to the market. Selling them, are you? (Chuckles) It's Mrs.Schroeder. Ma'am? When you came in, you addressed me as Mrs. Thompson. My apologies. I forgot your situation... Which is entirely none of my business. Katy told me you spoke. Did she? What happened, ma'am, was completely my fault. This is your home and I need to show respect. You need to respect Katy. I do, ma'am. She's a lovely girl. Are you in the habit of toying with women, Mr. Sleater? (Laughs) Well, I wouldn't call it a habit. Let me help you with that. Don't we have a girl for that? She's out with the children. I'm late. Here, let me. Always happy to be of service, Mrs. Schroeder. (Sniffles) (Groans) Aah! Ooh. It's called a fez. (Laughs) You can ask him at the dinner. Senator Edge would like a word. Listen, Bill, I gotta run. Harry Daugherty. Walter! What brings you to Washington? (Laughs) Have a minute for the great state of New Jersey? Always, senator. I ran into your old pal Charlie Forbes. Ah, good old Charlie. Indeed. He tells me you have Harding's ear on this bureau of veterans affairs. A worthy endeavor, wouldn't you say? Might even benefit a few veterans. How do you mean? Oh, come on, Harry. There are crooks, then there's Charlie Forbes. He's a veteran himself, Walter. So was Benedict Arnold. Forgive my prying, senator, but since when are you concerned about veterans' affairs? Well, it's not me so much as my constituents, one of whom is urging me to launch a subcommittee to investigate this matter. I see. And this constituent, does he have any other matters that concern him? He does, now that you mention it. Nucky Thompson. He hates the son of a bitch. (Laughing) And it has come to his attention that you have appointed a less-than-enthusiastic prosecutor to his case. And if I appointed one who took Nucky's case more seriously... Then I'm sure my interest in how you and your cronies plan to plunder the veterans bureau would wane accordingly. Hmm. I didn't want to do this for a living. People see the apron, they make assumptions. 16 years old, I saw Emma Thomashefsky on stage-- the Arch street theater. Was I in love? What do you think? Stage-struck. Put money on it. My father, he wouldn't hear a word. Regrets? Who has time? Here we go. You remember Herman. Jesus, Manny. Hey, not in my shop, Boychik. Try down the road. You dragged me up here for this? I invited you to hear from the horse's mouth. Look who's come, Herman-- another friend from Atlantic City. Help me, please. Herman, what's he going to do for you? This is our problem, yours and mine. Herman-- since he was in knee-highs I know him, but then he got an idea in his head. Tell him what it was. Tell him what it was! (Whimpering) Waxey Gordon. He goes to work for Waxey Gordon. And from that  pisher  he takes money to spy on me. A person like that--  honestly, I don't understand how he thinks. What was Waxey doing at the Ritz? You're being addressed. Meeting Nucky Thompson. (Blade sharpening) About what? It's all right, you can tell me. Ships coming in. When? Tonight, 2:00,  from Bill McCoy. Tell him where. Hog Island boatyard. Right here in Philly. (Whimpering) (Sighs) What does Nucky need Gordon for? Come on, Herman. Protection. What do you know, Boychik? They're scared of us. Us? What's more valuable than information? And here you get it for free. Well, I'm not doing this. Manny : Well, I can't touch him. Why not? He's injured. That makes him treif. What? We all got to live by rules. Unless you're feeling squeamish. Hold this. (Whimpering) (Panicked breathing) Shh. (Gurgling) (Organ playing) (Organ continues) Don't be nervous, dear. Stop, I'm sitting here! (Boys fussing) Bless me father, for I have sinned. It has been many years since my last confession. How many? Four, I think. Emily was an infant. Why has it been so long? The children, life. What have you to tell me? Forgive me, father, but I've really nothing to say. You have no sins? Of course I do. I just... When you sin, my child, you fracture your relationship with God. Tell me honestly what burdens you. Search your soul so that i may heal that fracture. There is a man, father, in my life. And he's bad. I know he is in my heart. But still, I'm drawn to him somehow. Physically, you mean. Yes, impurely in my thoughts. This man-- he provides for you and your children? No. He provides nothing. I hardly know him, in fact. He works for my-- my family. "Don't be upset"? Are you f*cking kidding me? I feel terrible, Nucky, but there's nothing I can do. Edge wants the kid replaced with a real prosecutor. You're the Attorney General, Harry. Since when does a no-name senator grab you by the balls? Since the -name senator threatens an investigation. What's to investigate? You've been in office less than three months. There are things in the works I can't discuss. So who is it? Who's what? The prosecutor. I haven't decided yet. Well, make it someone I can work with, will you? Well, I sent you the Thorogood kid, didn't I? A lot of help that was. It's not my fault you have enemies. My ass is on the line here, Harry. Well, so is mine, Nucky. So is mine. (Music playing) (Both laughing) Oh. Oh yeah. Oh. That's it, baby. Drill for oil. Ladies, get your things! What the hell is this? Mr. Thompson wishes you to leave immediately. (Laughing) If-- if this is some kinda gag, it's not one bit funny. There is no gag. Five minutes. Nice shoes. ♪ Professor Brown, M.D., a big composer, he ♪ (Lucy groaning) ♪ Tried vainly to think out a brand-new melody ♪ 
♪ then he got an inspiration ♪ 
♪ played it with a wild elation ♪ ♪  he strummed it,he drummed it...♪ (Crying out) ♪ Then he started to write, he started to write... ♪ (Crying out) ♪ yes, he started to write ♪ 
♪ yes, he started to write the scale ♪ 
♪ do re mi fa ♪ 
♪ so la ti do ♪ 
♪ when you hear that simple raggy refrain ♪ 
♪ that lilting strain ♪ 
♪ you simply play and swing and dance and sing ♪ 
♪ well, when you hear that simple raggy refrain ♪ 
♪ you feel insane, it burns your brain ♪ 
♪ do mi la so ♪ 
♪ fa mi re do... ♪ (Yelling) (Baby crying) Nelson, where have you been? The chapel, sir. Has he spoken again? They've wired his family in Montana. He's a good man, sir. An honest man. It should be me in that bed. Stop it, Nelson. It's true, sir. I have something I need to tell you. I-- Clarkson :  I see you. I know. Hush now. Relax. I see you. I know. Elliot :  Why is he saying that? He's delirious. Pay no attention. I see you. He's been saying that to everyone. Clarkson :  I see you. I know what you did. Come out of there. I know that you're hiding. It's not fair. You ate the pie. I'll tell ma. I'll tell ma. I need to leave, sir. You wanted a word in private? No, it's not necessary. He doesn't have much longer, sir. (Plate cracks) Lucy? (Baby coos) I-- I brought lemons. I did it all myself. It's a girl. I'll get a doctor. (Tire pops) The f*ck happened? Coffee break. The f*ck you think? Tire blew. We hit a nail or something. They ain't paying us enough for this sh1t. That ain't no f*cking nail-- (gunfire) (Gunfire stops) Jimmy :  Drop your weapons! Throw your guns out and no one gets hurt! Darmody? Who's there? It's Lucky! Identify yourself! It's Luciano, God damn it! You know these fellas? All right, come out then. How we know you ain't gonna shoot us? I'm not gonna shoot you. (Clicks) (Mouths) The f*ck are you doing? We're making a delivery. For Nucky Thompson? He cut a deal with Rothstein to import his liquor through Philly. Under the auspices of Waxey Gordon. And you fellas are the muscle? I don't f*cking believe this. All this is for Nucky? Chalky White's back in business. Jesus Christ. What do you wanna do? If I may. This could be an opportunity, gentlemen. The f*ck you talking about? We have spoken to you about partnering up. Heroin-- better opportunities. That's right. So why kill each other over a few trucks' worth of liquor? You work with Waxey Gordon. The man's a piece of sh1t. Not every insult requires a response. A hundred grand there, Boychik, five of which is mine. So they'll advance us. Sure. You can't kill everyone, Manny. It's not good business. Look, so we let you go, you deliver the load to Chalky. Nucky Thompson is none the wiser. And then what? And then we meet up separately and we figure a way to take it all. It's kismet, gentlemen. Rothstein, Nucky-- their time is passed. Waxey Gordon's ain't. Eh, let us worry about Waxey. Leave the car. You ride with me. It's a good thing, fellas. You'll see. Let's go. (Car departs) She's in the bedroom. (Baby cooing) She has a slight fever. Rose. I'll get out of your way, doctor. What are you doing here? On the phone you sounded distraught. I caught the first train I could. Agent Sawicki gave me the address. Rose-- - Of course now I can see what was really worrying you. I did this for us. That child is for you. I-- Don't touch me! Don't you touch me! Don't you touch me! Rose, Rose! Rose, please. Get ahold of yourself. Aah! (Door slams) (Music playing) (Baby crying) ♪ It seems so long ago ♪ 
♪ although 'twas only yesterday ♪ 
♪ when just... ♪ Stand nice and tall. Hold the candle in your left hand. ♪ Our lives should part for aye ♪ 
♪ with faith so strong... ♪ So I trust your soul is pure? Your confession. Yes, I'm sure it is. ♪ What would I give could I but live... ♪ What did you end up saying? ♪ The days that might have been! ♪ I'll pull the car around front. ♪ Turn back the universe... ♪ Nothing that need concern you. ♪ And give me yesterday... ♪ Look at him. How dear. Another little soldier in God's army. ♪ That hold ♪ 
♪ life's golden ray ♪ 
♪ turn back ♪ 
♪ the universe... ♪ Hold still. ♪ And give me ♪ 
♪ yesterday! ♪ ♪ Professor Brown, M.D. ♪ 
♪ he's a marvelous success, i see ♪ 
♪ I don't think they'll find out ♪ 
♪ how this tune came to me ♪ 
♪ until someone's diagnosed it ♪ 
♪ they will think that I've composed it ♪ 
♪ but no no, it's not so ♪ 
♪ I simply have ragged ♪ ♪ I simply have ragged ♪ 
♪ yes, I simply have ragged the scale ♪ 
♪ do re mi fa ♪ 
♪ so la ti do ♪ 
♪ when you hear that simple raggy refrain ♪ 
♪ you'll sing when you hear that simple raggy refrain ♪ 
♪ you feel insane, it burns your brain ♪ 
♪ do mi la so ♪ 
♪ fa mi re do ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 