Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - The Emerald City - Boardwalk Empire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - The Emerald City https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=39&t=13841 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/26/10 02:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - The Emerald City 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You're out, Mickey... out of business. 
 Chalky White's taking over. 
 What am I supposed to tell my partners? 
 He drives a packard you said. 
 Mickey : But it wasn't Chalky. You hung a fella that works for him. What do you say, Mr. White? You tell Nucky Thompson it's gonna take a lot more than 10 grand to get me to f*ck him over. I want to introduce you to someone. Odette! This is Richard Harrow. Come on, baby. It was an oversight, that's all. You watch the door. You drive my car. Don't move! You're sure these are the guys who held you up? Absolutely. The D'Alessio brothers. What do you want me to do? You need me to spell it out? Kill them? Yes. ( Door rattles, knocks ) Jimmy : Hello? Jimmy, my God. It was nice to see you, old boy. Supervisor Elliot... He thinks we're being obsessive  about the hans Schroeder case. We have a witness Mayor Bacharach... He's weak and losing ground. Run somebody else for Mayor. Mayor Edward Bader. I'll be in touch. D'Alessios... They're being backed by Rothstein and Luciano. Can you bail me out? The legal system's not your ticket to freedom. I wish there was a way I could help. You can help us get the women's vote. Shouldn't you wait until the amendment actually passes? I'm an eternal optimist. ( Gunshot ) ( Women screaming ) ( Music playing ) ( Laughing ) ( Screaming ) ( Emily screaming ) Oh. Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't mind. Don't be afraid. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I won't hurt you. Emily : Mama! Shh. We're on edge here as it is. I'm sorry. It's not comfortable to sleep with. ( Crying ) Mama. Shh. I'm sorry. He said he had to make water and if I didn't pull over, he'd do it right there in his trousers on the car seat. You should have let him. Nelson. I had to go myself, sir. It's almost four hours' drive to Manhattan. I'd had several cups of coffee. I stopped the car, relieved myself, then unlocked winslow's handcuffs. In other words, you dispensed with protocol. To not do so would have meant unbuttoning his trousers and... and touching his Johnson with your fingers. Yes sir. So in service to your own modesty, you ended up killing our witness. You will not be told again, Nelson. Nothing in his demeanor led me to believe that he'd attack me, sir. The man was a felon. You got anything else to say? I know I fouled up, but killing that prisoner... It'll haunt me for the rest of my days. You acted in self-defense. You've been exonerated. Take a week's leave, get some rest. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That is all. Have you any idea, Nelson, the embarrassment this incident has brought upon the department? I take full responsibility for winslow's death, sir. That's fine, Nelson, because that's precisely where I place the blame. I told you I wanted numbers, arrests relating to alcohol. Winslow's confession is a direct link to Nucky Thompson. Winslow is dead. His confession is useless hearsay. I'll have another crack at Darmody. Darmody has been released for lack of evidence. Thompson's lawyers are swarming like hornets. He committed murder on a direct order from Nucky Thompson. For God's sakes, man, you have bungled this from the start! This is your last chance, Nelson. One more misstep and you'll be hunting moonshiners down in the everglades. ( Woman singing on radio ) ( Distant traffic noise ) Don't stop. There's coffee. Your mother took Tommy to child's for an ice cream. He's a good boy. It's nice... the skin tones. Thank you. I also like the other one... the lady with the flowers. I didn't even think you noticed. Over in Europe, in the war... art, painting, poetry... two weeks in the trench and you forget that there's anything beautiful in the civilized world. That's it. A little red. That's better. ( Clattering ) ( Crashes ) ( Radio continues playing throughout ) ( Children playing ) Anything on the ratification? It's all in the hands of Tennessee. One more state, then women will have the right to vote. You look doubtful. I don't want you to be disappointed. The south... they're not exactly known for their forward-thinking down there. ( Footsteps, knocks ) Your driver Mr. Kessler is here. Five minutes. I don't mean to be cruel, but... He's a war hero, Margaret. He frightens the children. He's here for your protection, for their protection. These men who are after you... Has anything been done? It's being handled. By the sheriff? And his deputies. Perhaps the children and I should go away for a while. That won't be necessary. Besides, I'd miss you too much. Is this what it means to be in charge... people shooting at you? Success breeds enemies, which you'll discover soon enough after women win the vote. Stock prices over the ticker, racing results by wire. Soon radio, I'm told, will transmit news stories within minutes of their occurrence. It's the age of information. And a businessman lives and sometimes dies on its value. Do you know why I'm a successful gambler, Mr. Doyle? 'Cause you're lucky? He's lucky. I create my luck. I'm a successful gambler because I never bet on an event whose outcome I'm not sure. Like the world series. You put the fix in. I employ research, fact-finding. "Due diligence" the lawyers call it. Which brings me to Nucky Thompson... the man you said you know everything about. How was I supposed to know his chauffeur carries a gun? Have you been listening to a single word I've said?! Sheer and utter incompetence. A woman is shot... An innocent tourist no less and... you've tipped my hand to Thompson. A boardwalk at night doing public... we figureit sends a message. You sent a message all right... That you're idiots. Devil's food? Yes sir. Thank you. I'll kill that prick myself, Mr. Rothstein. We'll bring you his head if you want. Your grandstanding is commendable, but I have to say I'm less than convinced. We had bad information, like you said. How can we make it up to you? Nothing says "I'm sorry" like money. 2 1/2 million people in Chicago alone,  figure half of them are men. Half of those... Al : Put that in. ...Are adult men, and there's my point. With over a half million potential customers who wanna drink whiskey and f*ck, why ain't we making more money? ( Laughing ) f*ck you doin'? Are you listening? What? Are you listening? Yeah, the money. Mr. Torrio, Jake Guzik. Sure, send him in. There's the beer baron. Are you giving the cooze away? I had to park all the way up wabash. A little exercise will kill you? I get enough exercise carrying your dough. All this from the brewery? I go home stinking of beer, but who's complaining? When he ran the brothel, he stank of pussy. So long as it ain't Kugel, the wife stays off my back. I wanted to talk to you about expanding, and not just your waistline neither. I was saying... Johnny, turkish. Before you come in, I was saying a lot of money being left on the table. As far as I'm concerned, the whole north side is wide open. There's entire 10-block stretches without a single cathouse or a place to get a drink. ( Pops ) ( Laughter ) The f*ck is this? It's a load from the joke shop. What, are you 12 years old? It's a joke. I'm sorry. You are sorry. You're a sorry f*cking moron. I thought you'd have a laugh. I'm in the middle of a f*cking meeting! We'll talk Saturday, your kid's... What do you call it? Bar mitzvah. Yeah. This ain't no f*cking grade school. Nucky : He's grotesque, James. And believe me, I've seen my share of freak shows. Apparently it's a big improvement over how he looked before the surgery. Try explaining that to a four-year-old. From now on, when he's in the house,  just tell him to keep the mask on. ( Knocks on door ) Mickey Doyle. What about him? To see you. Here? Shall I frisk him? You're Tom mix all of a sudden? You do it. Nucky, hey. How you been? What do you want, Mickey? Come on, Nuck. I come to youse hat in hand. I'm came to apologize is all. I got rattled when you took my operation. So you pick yourself up by the bootstraps. Yeah, but I told you I had partners. So? The D'Alessio brothers. From Philly? Mm-hmm. They're your partners? Mm-hmm. I should throw you out that f*cking window. I'm sorry. I didn't know what they was planning. Not half as sorry as you're gonna be. I can help. That's why I come here. I'll tell youse everything I know. Get him a drink. I should piss in it. ( Spits ) It started months back, after I got out of jail. They wanted their dough, which I didn't have, so they got the idea to put Chalky out of business. The lynching... that was them? Mm-hmm. They robbed your ward boss too... the fat one, plus the casino. They shot my brother, Mickey, took a shot at me. I know it. They're gonna shoot me, Nuck. I know that too. How? They're always jabbering in Italian, laughing at me behind my back, right to my face. And Luciano... how does he figure in? Your mother didn't tell you? Watch your step, Mickey. He's got this kid... some sheeny named Lansky. He approached Chalky, made him an offer, but it was really just a whatsit. A ruse? That's the ticket. To find out how many bottles he's moving. Why does he wanna know that? Why do you think? For information. This is all on orders from Rothstein. He wants to muscle in,  take over the liquor business in Atlantic City. Ruining baseball isn't enough? Get Chalky on the phone. Yeah. For what? Eddie's on the line. God damn it. Eddie! Hang up the goddamn phone. That was Trenton. It just came over the wire... The women have received the permission to vote. "'I built that palace, and the Emerald City too,' remarked the wizard in a thoughtful tone. 'And I'd like to see them again,  for I was very happy among the munchkins and winkies and quadlings and gillikins.'  'who are they?' Asked the boy. 'The four nations that inhabit the land of Oz,' was the reply." ( Floor creaks ) Mm, sorry. Mr. Harrow. Hmm? We're reading "The Wizard of Oz" by Frank Baum. Yes. Please join us if you'd like. Mm, thank you. "'I wonder if they would treat me nicely if I went there again.' 'of course they would,' declared Dorothy. 'They are still proud of their former wizard, and often speak of you kindly.' 'do you happen to know whatever became of the tin woodsman and the scarecrow?' He enquired. 'They live in Oz yet,' said the girl, 'and are very important people.'" Mm, the tin woodsman. That's me. Oh, I think I need some oil. ( Children giggle ) Mama, it's really him? Why yes, dear, directly from oz. And who better to have in our house than the mighty tin woodsman? ( Clock ticking ) ( Distant traffic noise, dog barking ) ( Cork pops ) I won't insult you by asking if you want any, but I hope you don't mind if I have a taste. Good news just isn't the same without it. Annabelle offered me some earlier. Does that mean I shouldn't try again? Well,  it is a special occasion. That it is. Thank you. To the women's vote. You've caught up with Ireland at last. It's your country too, you know. You're aware, of course, of all the republican party has done for social progress... emancipation, prohibition. We backed the women's vote early. Because you saw an opportunity. A simple "thank you" would be fine. Thank you. Sunday, at the league of women voters luncheon, Mayor Bacharach will be announcing that he won't be seeking reelection. I'd like you to tell the ladies why Edward Bader should be his replacement. And why should he be? Because he's the right man for the job. The owner of a construction business? Who's going to help me build great things for the people of this city. But how does that qualify him to be Mayor? Andrew Johnson was a tailor and he became president. Wasn't he impeached? That's completely beside the point. What am I meant to say? That it's time for a change,  that it's a new republican party. The cronyism, the incompetence, the violence in our streets... All that's a thing of the past. Is it? What do you mean? If Bader is elected, what happens to the county treasurer? Me? I'm not going anywhere. You'll control the new Mayor just like the old one. I don't control anyone, Margaret. I'm more of an overseer. For this city to work, for business to be done over the long haul, there needs to be cooperation, continuity of leadership. As county treasurer, I provide that continuity. Fletcher and these other democrats... they'd be starting from scratch. You're asking me to lie about Bader's qualifications. I'm asking you to be realistic. This isn't some fantasy world like in one of those children's books. It's a real place with real people. And sometimes, to make it run properly, we need to tell those people what they want to hear. This is important, Margaret, not just for the republican party. It's important for you too. ( Seagulls cawing ) I've read about this place. Look at this. Look, Tommy, look. This is where we got you. They cooked you up in one of those incubators, wrapped you up in a diaper and then we took you home. Tommy : You're fooling me. ( Angela laughing ) Fooling you, huh? Arr! Hey, where are you going? Tommy, Tommy, come here. Come here. You want some Taffy? That's mommy's kissing friend. What'd you say? That's mommy's kissing friend. Kissing friend? Son of a bitch. Jimmy, what's wrong? Ask your son. Robert : Wendell, I'm gonna need you to be very still,  like a statue in a museum. ( Footsteps ) ( Woman screams ) Wendell! You wanna have your mettle tested? Oh my God! Get back! ( Crowd exclaiming ) Man : Hey, there's a fight going on. Angela : Jimmy. Don't f*cking move. Jimmy! ( Tommy crying ) Jimmy, why are you doing this? Jimmy, stop. Woman : Stop. ( Grunts ) Angela : Jimmy! Man : Hey buddy. Hey pal. Jimmy, stop it, please. Tommy : Daddy. This man had relations with my wife... Angela : That's not true. ...When I was away in the war. Angela : No, Jimmy. Tommy : Daddy daddy. Please stop it. Daddy! ( Knocks on door ) 
 
 Coming. Ma'am. Agent van Alden. May I come in? Of course, yes. Please. This is Mr. Harrow. I'm a federal Agent. I need to speak privately with Mrs. Schroeder. I'll be out back with the children. Mrs. Schroeder, I'm going to show you a photograph. I'd like to know if you recognize this girl. Is this meant to be a joke? I find nothing funny about it. That's me, taken at Ellis island. After your long journey from kerry. That's right. When I look at this girl, I see hope, yearning, a promise for a new life, the promise of America. What happened to that girl, Mrs. Schroeder? Am I to be deported? I'm a citizen of this country now. Mrs. Schroeder, you are consorting with a murderer, the man who killed the father of your children. That's not true. It is true. He's a panderer and a criminal. Mr. Thompson is one of the most... Your life doesn't have to be like this. And I know you don't want it to be. You don't know me at all. I see into your soul, Margaret, at night when I look at this picture. Give me that photograph. Listen to me. How dare you lecture me? You gained entrance to my home on the pretense of official business when your true intentions are obviously something quite different. Is this the life you want? I can offer you salvation. I want you to leave now. I came here to save you... not from prosecution, but from the fires of hell that will surely await you should you fail to repent. ( Panting ) ( Door opens and closes ) ( Crowd chattering ) ( Conversations in yiddish ) Man : You need to say this word for word. ( Whispers ) Hey. Find us some seats. How you doing? Thanks for coming. Torrio : Hiya. Who's this handsome man? Guzik : My son Charles. This is John. Hello. Hey. You must wear a hat in the synagogue. It's a sign of respect. To wear it's a sign of respect? Yes. Wear a hat in church... they box your ears in. In the Jewish religion men wear a yarmulke to remind us that God is above us. You're a friend of the bar mitzvah? Jake? Mr. Guzik's son. Yeah, I'm an associate of Jake's. Hey, so this party... What is it exactly? When a Jewish boy reaches 13, he becomes a son of the commandment. And this celebration affirms his obligations as a man. What, at 13? Do you not feel that's old enough to be held accountable for your actions? I know the state does. That's why they got reform school. ( Chuckles ) All of us who are worth anything spend our manhood unlearning the follies of our youth. Gentlemen, we're about to begin. We'll finish this later. Good, okay. You should wear a yarmulke. What's wrong with this? You're a man, yet you wear the cap of a boy. ( Charles chanting in Hebrew ) Crowd : ♪ amen. ♪ ( Charles continues chanting ) ( Kisses ) ( Continues chanting ) ♪ Amen. ♪ ( guzik speaks Hebrew ) All : Mazel tov! ( Applause ) ( Speaking yiddish ) Nucky : Meyer Lansky... That's the kid who came to see you. He told me his name was Michael Lewis. So he doesn't have to change the monogram on his shirts. He's in cahoots with Arnold Rothstein and this family of dagos out of Philly. Charlie Luciano too. Those the boys who shot you? Among other things. They shot at him. They were not successful. Why are you still here? If there will be nothing else... Sorry I'm late. What'd you do to your hand? I slammed it in the icebox. ( Mickey snickers ) I want you to meet with Lansky. Mickey here will arrange it. Tell him you accept his offer. What offer? Whatever offer he makes. Tell him you're unhappy, that Nucky's not treating you right. That shouldn't be too hard to believe. You're lucky to be alive, you f*cking polack. Promise them as much liquor as they want  and tell them they'll need all their men to haul the load. The idea is to get as many of them in the same place as we can. Remembering, of course, it was me set it up. ( Sighs ) So, uh... When all is said and done, what you fixing to do about Mr. Rothstein? I'm going to make him the richest corpse in New York. Mayor Bacharach: And go though I must, I assure you I do so with a heavy heart. But behind my sadness It's perfectly natural to be nervous. Just remember to breathe. It's not nerves exactly. Did you eat a good breakfast? I've got no appetite. You'll be fine. The first time I had to make one of these speeches I was a wreck. After a while you can get up there and sell snake oil. Bacharach : And my love for public service shall never cease. ( Applause ) Ladies, it is now my great pleasure to introduce Mrs. Margaret Schroeder. Thank you, Mayor Bacharach. And thank you, ladies. You will surely be missed. ( Applause ) When I was first asked to speak to you today, I confess I was at once flattered and terrified. Surely an immigrant to this great country, a former parlor maid, could have little to contribute to political discourse. But when I heard I was to speak in support of Edward Bader for Mayor, I put my trepidations aside and decided to speak to you from the heart. I know. I know. I first met Mr. Bader socially in his capacity as head of the city's largest construction firm. Mr. Bader is quite literally a builder,  a man of great vision. Where other men see an empty lot, he sees a hospital. Where other men see an overgrown field, he sees a school for our children. And most importantly perhaps, where other men see shopgirls and chambermaids, Edward Bader sees voters. ( Applause ) Ladies, our newly gained right also comes with great responsibility,  a duty to use our power wisely, to elect men to office... worthy men who will put the interest of our citizens first. With us as a foundation, women voters, And who better to start with that foundation than a builder himself? Ladies, I give you our next Mayor, Mr. Edward Bader. That was wonderful. Thank you, Mrs. Schroeder, for that rousing introduction. Ladies, I could not be more pleased than I am right now to join you here today and welcome you as meaningful partners in our great democracy. ( Applause ) When I was approached to be part of this republican ticket, I was not only humbled but excited to continue my work for the men, the women and the children of Atlantic City. ( Piano playing ) ...Enjoy yourself there. We'll have some drinks. Mr. Torrio. Where are you goin'? Wherever you tell me. I'm here to apologize. The joke, the cigarette load... That was stupid. You can't do that sh1t no more. I know. You know, I brung you out here from Brooklyn for a reason, kid. I thought I saw something in you. A fella like guzik... Three years ago he's running a cathouse. Now look at him today. You could learn something from these Jews. The brewery there... I hear they're looking for help. His distribution's out of whack. The fella in there now has got it all screwed up. Maybe I can fix it. No more monkey business, al. Finito. I hear you, Mr. Torrio. All's I'm asking for is a chance. I'm ready to be responsible for my actions. 22 year I know Nucky Thompson, back when the commodore had this town. I ran the dice game here in chicken bone beach. Nucky made the commodore collection. Then one day I seen the commodore himself... a parade here for Mr. Booker T. Washington, you know. "Chalky," he say, "I got bad news. Now on you got to pay me 7% of what you been making." "7%?" I say. "I been paying Nucky 12 long for three years now." ( Laughs ) Real prick that guy Thompson, huh? That's putting it kindly, son. He was skimming off the top. Yes. Thank you.I get it. Well, I hope his reputation precedes him, but Mr. Rothstein doesn't do business like that. Chiseling your partners... it's short-sighted. We're looking to the future. These stills, this piss water you're bottling... Don't get me wrong, it's fine for some people, but we're looking for the real stuff. Can you part with 500 cases a month? You know I can, Mr. Lewis. No offense. That was before Mr. Doyle here told us how unhappy you were. Yeah, now that we know, you'll be our contact down in Atlantic City. Play your cards right... you can buy a packard for every day in the week. Tomorrow late we'll send trucks. The money too. What about Nucky? f*ck him. By which he means you're under the wing of Arnold Rothstein now. Mickey : New York life don't offer protection that good. ( Mickey giggles ) One more thing: How do you know I drive a packard? Woman : Oh, the lights! Man : It's something. Woman : It is. I'm so glad we came. Me too. ( Door chime jingles ) I stopped by the hospital. They said you'd already left. He's sleeping. They gave him morphine. Five broken ribs, his nose, a fractured jaw. I'm so sorry, Mary. It's not your fault. It's mine. Yours? I should have left him months ago. I don't love him. This never would have happened. It's not that easy. ( Sobbing ) I just can't bear it anymore. Has he hurt you? No, not yet. But he's not the same person I knew. Come away with me... you and Tommy. Where? To Paris. What about Robert? He'll be fine. He'll recover from his injuries and move on with his life. Jimmy will never let me go. He'll never know where to find us. Imagine Tommy growing up along the seine, speaking French. He'd be nothing like his father or any of them. Isadora Duncan has a school on rue danton. The children wear grecian tunics. She inspires them to find their muses and free their spirits. ( Chuckles ) There's a ship leaving once a month. Nous devons aller a Paris. Say it. What does it mean? We must go to Paris. Nous devons aller a Paris. And so we must. Thank you, deputy Halloran. Could be sheriff Halloran come November... If Eli's not better. ( Footsteps ) The children are asleep. Mrs. charlton just left. No trouble, I take it? No. They're very obedient. To guard against intruders. Mr. Harrow, I feel I owe you an apology. When you first came here to guard us, I treated you harshly. The truth is your affliction frightened me. Mm, people find it disconcerting. Well, it's unfair and I'm sorry. We should judge the person on the inside. Mm, I can't do that myself. So why should you be able to? Sometimes I forget what I look like. Then I pass a mirror and I remember. I stare sometimes at my face and I can't recall who I was before. ( Music playing, people chattering ) What'll you have? Whiskey. Again. May I join you? Sure. Why not? Cigarette? ( Blows ) What's your name, handsome? Nelson. I could use another drink, Nelson. This here is Mr. meyer Lansky. Say hello to Nucky Thompson. How do you do? We've already met, actually. You shot at me on the boardwalk. You're confusing me with somebody else. There's another dago walking around with dogshit on his face? What happened? You were supposed to make a deal. Why didn't you tell me these the M*therf*ckers that lynched my boy? Because I hadn't confirmed it. Well, I got all the confirmation I need. There are four more brothers, Chalky, plus Luciano. How are we supposed to get to them now? Mr. Thompson, may I speak with you? I know we've only recently met and my word doesn't count for much, but if you could see your way to letting me go, I'm quite certain I can work out an accommodation with Mr. Rothstein. Mr. Rothstein made his bed. Now you fellows can die in it. ( Scoffs ) Tough talk when he ain't in the room, right? What'd you say? Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you heard me. What I said was you, Mr. Thompson and this coon here could all go f*ck each other. Right. ( Cocks gun ) Oh, f*cking tough guy. You gonna shoot me for mouthing off? I wasn't going to, but you kind of talked me into it. ( Whimpering ) Anybody else? Mickey : Jesus Christ. What do we do with him? Leave him at the dump with the rest of the garbage. My brothers come back... They're gonna string you up higher than they did that other f*cking coon. ( Choking ) ( Breathing heavily ) You can go now. And please tell Mr. Rothstein what you saw here tonight. ( Lucy moaning ) f*ck me. f*ck me, daddy. Oh. ( Moaning continues ) Oh baby. ( Exclaims ) ( Footsteps approach ) ( Door opens ) What time is it? It's late. What are you doing up? I couldn't sleep. I had business downtown. I would have called. Business? Plotting our strategy for the election. You did very well today with your speech. You should get some rest. You had those ladies eating out of your hand. ( Door opens and closes ) ( Faucet squeaks, water running ) ( Faucet squeaks, water stops ) ( Music playing ) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 