Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 1x05 - Small Worlds - Torchwood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 1x05 - Small Worlds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=175&t=10889 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/16/06 10:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 1x05 - Small Worlds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Opening shots and recap. 
 JACK : (VO) Torchwood : outside the government, beyond the police. Tracking down alien life on Earth and arming the human race against the future. The 21st century is when everything changes, and you’ve gotta be ready. 
 EXT. A WOOD - NIGHT 
 Camera closes on a figure moving through the woods, speaking. 
 ESTELLE : (VO) I’m returning to the same spot. I do hope they’re here. 
 As the figure moves closer it can be seen that the voice belongs to an elderly, though active, woman with short grey hair. She has a camera around her neck and speaks into a dictaphone, quietly, like a bird watcher. 
 ESTELLE : I have to move carefully. Don’t want to frighten them. Now I’m there. 
 She pauses behind the edge of a tree branch and views the scene before her. 
 ESTELLE : They are. They’re here. 
 Shot moves behind Estelle. Before her is a clearing within which is a circle of stout stones. A group of small, bright white lights fly above the stones - fairies from a children’s tale. The view closes on Estelle’s face once more; she is overjoyed by the sight. 
 ESTELLE : The darlings ! 
 Estelle raises a professional analogue camera and takes several photographs. The fairies are unconcerned by the flashes of light and even pause briefly in flight as if posing. A whispering of half hear voices and laughter of children can be heard on the wind. As Estelle turns to leave some of the fairies fly away, others land near the stones. The fairies on the ground morph into tall, grotesque figures with elongated limbs and they give a throaty, cackling laugh. 
 OPENING CREDITS. 
 INT. THE HUB - NIGHT 
 It is dark and quiet. Track through the hub to Jack’s office then down. Overview : Jack lies on a narrow bed under a stone arch. His eyes are open but as they close a steam train horn is heard and flashes of memory are seen. Jack twitches as is having a nightmare. 
 INTERCUT views of Jack with : 
 INT. A TRAIN 
 Jack in army uniform looks happy. Then flashes of bodies of soldiers, collapsed with red flower petals protruding from their mouths. Jack moves around the train carriage, confused and horrified. Jack wakes suddenly. 
 INT. THE HUB - JACK’S OFFICE - SHORT TIME LATER 
 Jack, now casually dressed climbs up through a man hole in his office. He leans on his desk and breathes out deeply. He looks down and sees a red flower petal on top of his papers. He picks it up, then hearing a noise he turns, placing the petal in his pocket. Ianto stands just outside his office flicking through some papers, unaware of Jack. 
 JACK : You shouldn’t be here. 
 Ianto looks up, surprised, and closes the file. He is tense in Jack’s presence, the shadow of recent events damaging their relationship. 
 IANTO : Neither should you. 
 Ianto walks away quickly and begins work on a computer. Jack follows, takes a breath and places a hand on Ianto’s shoulder, trying to move on. Ianto looks round at Jack’s hand but says nothing. 
 JACK : What ya got ? 
 Ianto takes a deep breath, pleased at the lack of awkward questions, the tension slightly lessened. He shrugs off Jack’s hand as adjusts his jacket. 
 IANTO : Funny sorta weather patterns. 
 EXT. A SCHOOL - DAY 
 Primary school age children are leaving the grounds for the day, being collected by their parents. One girl is alone. She stands by the roadside railing waiting to be picked up, unspoken to. A man sits in a car opposite, watching. 
 EXT. A SUBURBAN HOME - DAY 
 A middle aged man walks out of the house followed by a woman holding a coat. 
 LYNNE : Didn’t you see what the time was ? 
 She hands the man his coat as he walks towards his car. She follows him to the edge of the garden. 
 ROY : I was on the phone wasn’t I ? 
 LYNNE : Well shall I call the school ? 
 ROY : Don’t be stupid. She’ll be alright. 
 As he goes to the car Lynne walks back towards the house. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S SCHOOL - CONTINUOUS 
 Jasmine stands waiting still. Two girls walk by and one pulls Jasmine’s platted pigtails. 
 JASMINE : Ow ! 
 The other girls laugh and walk away - she is obviously bullied regularly by them. A teacher is near by and sees Jasmine standing alone. 
 KATE : Who’s pickin’ you up, Jasmine ? 
 JASMINE : Roy. 
 Kate checks her watch. The man still sits watching Jasmine, unseen by Kate amongst all the other parents. She hears some other children causing a fuss and leaves to stop them. The man sees his opportunity and drives slowly towards Jasmine. 
 CUT TO : 
 Jasmine walks down a flight of stairs in a wooded area. The man is waiting on the road at the bottom of the steps. As Jasmine walks down the road he drives beside her and speaks through his open window, his intentions clear. 
 GOODSON : Your mum asked me to fetch you. 
 POV MARA - from above they watch Jasmine beside the car, just under a bridge. 
 GOODSON : She’s a bit late. 
 View beside Jasmine, alongside the car. Jasmine walks away and Goodson drives forward quickly to block her way. He stops, exits the car and stands in front of Jasmine, leaning down to speak to her. 
 GOODSON : I promised your mum I’d fetch you. So get in the car. 
 Jasmine moves to pass Goodson but he blocks her path then grabs her arm. 
 GOODSON : Did you hear me ? 
 Jasmine tries to pull away but is unable to. Brief POV MARA they approach. A wind gusts, blowing leaves. The area darkens. POV MARA. The Mara, unseen, jumps at Goodson who is knocked backwards against his car. 
 MARA : Come away, oh, human child. 
 Goodson is turned and thrown against the car by unseen assailants, injuring his nose. 
 MARA : Come away… Come away… 
 Goodson looks around then struggles back into his car, the wind strong enough to make his struggle with the door. He closes the window hurriedly and dabs his nose. Jasmine smiles happily and walks away. The man watches her walk down the path, now bathed in sunlight, the air calm. 
 EXT. A STREET - DAY 
 Gwen and Jack walk along on their way to a seminar. 
 GWEN : What exactly are we doing here ? 
 JACK : Had an invitation from an old friend. 
 POV MARA - in a tree watching Jack and Gwen. 
 JACK : Here we go. 
 Gwen sees a poster next to the door. 
 GWEN : Fairies, are you kiddin’ me ? 
 Jack turns and smiles - ‘honestly’ - then backs into the building followed by Gwen. To the left of the entrance is a sketched advertisement - 'Fairies, fact or fantasy ?' 
 INT. A SMALL MEETING HALL 
 Estelle stands before rows of near empty plastic chairs, next to a projector which shows a picture of fairies and a child. 
 ESTELLE : I suppose I’m one of the fortunate few who’s been allowed to see our little friends… 
 Jack and Gwen enter quietly and sit at the rear of the room. 
 ESTELLE : … and it’s been no easy task. One needs to have the patience of a saint and the blind faith of a prophet, but for me the long wait has been worthwhile. 
 Jack smiling broadly next to Gwen who looks bored and sceptical. Jack looks at her and his smile lessens. 
 ESTELLE : This is my first picture. Not that clear I know, but the ring of stones can be seen quite distinctly. 
 Jack looks suddenly concerned. 
 GWEN : (Mutters) I don’t believe this. 
 JACK : Ssshh ! 
 Estelle swaps the image on the projector and smiles warmly. 
 ESTELLE : Well, of course I’m not the world’s best photographer… 
 Gwen looks at Jack, serious, then fights a smile. Jack indulgently smiles at Estelle then shakes his head, his attention only for Estelle. 
 ESTELLE : … but this little person is just about visible. I was so lucky to have seen them, so privileged to witness such a magical moment because fairies are shy you see, but I know in my heart that they are friendly, loving creatures. 
 Gwen bites her lip, stifling a laugh again while Jack shakes his head, still concerned. Estelle turns off the projector, her talk over, and she smiles at the audience. 
 ESTELLE : Thank you. 
 The lights come up and Gwen claps. People from the audience move to the front to speak to Estelle. 
 JACK : Wrong, she always gets it wrong. 
 CUT TO : A short time later, Jack runs through the slides, Estelle at his side. Gwen sits a little distance away. 
 JACK : Estelle, when did you take these ? 
 ESTELLE : A couple of nights ago. 
 JACK : Where ? 
 ESTELLE : In Round Stone wood. 
 GWEN : Not far from here. 
 ESTELLE : So good to see you again, Jack. 
 Jack returns her smile warmly. 
 ESTELLE : Oh, look, there’s the wood. 
 Estelle hands Jack a picture and he sighs. 
 GWEN : What’s wrong ? 
 ESTELLE : Oh, Jack and I have always disagreed about fairies. I only see the good ones, he only ever sees the bad. 
 JACK : They’re all bad. 
 ESTELLE : No, I refuse to believe that ! 
 They are jovial and happy to be together even in disagreement. 
 GWEN : Well I suppose one person’s good could be someone else’s evil. 
 ESTELLE : That’s what his father used to say. 
 Gwen’s interest is briefly piqued. Jack looks at Estelle fondly, his arms casually around her back, protective. 
 ESTELLE : Oh, Jack. If only you’d seen them there in the wood. They were happy, they were dancing, the fairy lights were shining. 
 JACK : Do you have any more photos ? 
 ESTELLE : Yes, at home. 
 JACK : Right. I need to see them all. 
 Jack and Estelle smile together, familiar and at ease. Gwen rolls her eyes, believing this to be pointless. 
 EXT. A CARDIFF STREET - DAY 
 Goodson walks down the street wiping his nose, looking about in paranoia. He is nervous and twitchy. A piece of blue tarpaulin being shaken in front of him on the quiet street makes him jump. He hears voices in the trees and spins around looking for the Mara. As he does so he bumps into a man. 
 MAN : Something wrong mate ? 
 GOODSON : No, sorry. 
 MAN : Well, look where you’re bloody goin’ ! 
 Goodson looks around then runs towards Cardiff Indoor Market. He jogs through the market, bumping into people. He pauses as he hears the Mara flying about, chittering. He looks up then briefly sees a Mara above him. It plunges down on him from above. A fraction of a second later the Mara has gone and Goodson staggers away, bent over and choking. People stare at him as he stumbles through the market, no one helps him - they think he is drunk. Goodson stops and begins vomiting red flower petals, at first a few then whole mouthfuls. He continues moving, still stumbling, gabbing hold of people as they walk past, each of them throwing him off. Goodson gets outside and sees a police officer. He runs to her and grabs her collar, shaking her. 
 GOODSON : Oh, God, help me ! Help me please ! 
 WPO : Alright mate, just calm down. 
 Goodson pushes her out of the way and opens the door of the police car. They struggle over the door as he tries to get inside. 
 WPO : Hey, hold on you ! 
 Goodson shuts the door and grabs the police woman again, begging for her help. 
 GOODSON : You gotta help me ! 
 He looks at the passers-by, beseeching them for help. They ignore him. The police officer annoyed by his behaviour pulls his arms behind his back and pushes him face first to the patrol car bonnet and handcuffs him. 
 WPO : Right mate, that’s it. 
 Goodson is crying, distraught and terrified for his life. 
 GOODSON : They’re coming to kill me. 
 INT. JASMINE’S HOUSE - DAY 
 A neat hallway in a family home. At the end of the hall is a frosted glass doorway, the blurred figures of Roy and Jasmine can be seen outside. Roy opens the door and Jasmine enters, walks towards the kitchen. Lynne enters through a side door and addresses Roy. 
 LYNNE : Where was she ? 
 ROY : Walking home on her own. 
 LYNNE : (To Jasmine) Jas, come here. 
 ROY : Do what your mum says. 
 JASMINE : You’re not my dad. 
 ROY : Just bloody well do what she says. 
 Lynne walks over and takes Jasmine’s hand, bending down to speak to her on a level. 
 LYNNE : You must never walk home on yer own, you understand ? It’s not safe. 
 JASMINE : It’s alright mum, no one can hurt me. 
 Jasmine walks away and Lynne stares after her. 
 INT. ESTELLE’S HOUSE 
 Jack and Gwen put down some of Estelle’s things in her living room. It is a homely room, filled with collected memories.  
 ESTELLE : Oh, thank you Jack. This is Moses. 
 Gwen walks across the room to see a black and white cat. Estelle hands Jack a cardboard folder of pictures. 
 ESTELLE : They’re mostly just pictures of the area. 
 Jack starts looking through the pictures while Estelle goes to pick up Moses. 
 ESTELLE : Come on my darling, quite time you went outside. 
 She takes the cat from the room. Jack smiling at her as she passes. Gwen glances around the room and started looking at the framed photographs littering the mantelpiece. She notices a black and white picture of Jack in WWII RAF uniform, picks it up and carries it over to Jack. 
 GWEN : This is you. 
 Jack takes the picture from her, looks and denies Gwen’s thought sincerely. 
 JACK : Sorry, no. That’s my dad. 
 He smiles and puts the picture back. 
 JACK : He and Estelle were quite an item once upon a time. They were inseparable. 
 Gwen sits on the sofa and looks up at Jack as he arranges the photographs, acting like he is familiar with the house rather than being a guest. 
 GWEN : Then why did they part ? 
 JACK : It was wartime, he was posted abroad, she volunteered to work on the land… 
 Jack hands Gwen another picture from the mantle then returns to looking through the folder. 
 JACK : … It just happened that way. 
 Gwen looks at the picture - Jack and Estelle on a pier. She then looks at Jack, a little suspicious. 
 EXT. ESTELLE’S GARDEN - CONTINUOUS 
 Gwen exits the house and goes into Estelle’s wild, but well tended, garden. Estelle walks over. 
 GWEN : If you don’t mind me asking, did you know Jack’s father after the war ? 
 ESTELLE : No, we lost touch. Why ? 
 GWEN : Did all three of you ever meet ? You, Jack and his father ? 
 ESTELLE : No. Never. Jack contacted me a few years ago, I was so surprised. He’s so like his dad, same walk, same smile. I hope he’s still alive, he’d be in his early 90’s now. 
 GWEN : You could always ask Jack about him. 
 ESTELLE : I have, but he doesn’t seem to want to talk about his father. 
 Jack enters the garden with the folder.  
 JACK : Estelle, when you next see these creatures you call us immediately, understand ? 
 ESTELLE : Uhhum. 
 She looks up at Jack fondly and he puts a hand on her shoulder. 
 JACK : Night or day, doesn’t matter, just call us and be careful, it’s important to me. 
 Gwen looks at them, then walks away. 
 ESTELLE : Jack, I’ve nothing to worry about. 
 JACK : Just be careful. 
 Gwen turns to see Jack hug Estelle close to his chest, an arms draped around her shoulders. He kisses her on her hair and rests his chin on her head. They remain like that for a while, both at ease, happy and comfortable in each other’s company. 
 EXT. FRONT OF ESTELLE’S HOUSE 
 Jack and Gwen exit the house and walk down the path to the street. 
 JACK : Estelle shouldn’t be living in town, she belongs in the countryside. 
 GWEN : How often do you get to see her ? 
 JACK : We meet up now and again. 
 GWEN : Whenever she’s seen her fairies ? 
 JACK : She calls ‘em fairies, I don’t. 
 GWEN : What do you call ‘em ? 
 JACK : Never really had a proper name. 
 GWEN : Why not ? 
 JACK : Something form the dawn of time, how could you possibly put a name to that ? 
 GWEN : Are we talkin’ alien ? 
 JACK : Worse. 
 GWEN : How come ? 
 JACK : Because they’re part of us. Part of our world, yet we know nothing abut them. So we pretend to know what they look like, we see them as happy, we imagine they have tiny little wings and are bathed in moonlight. 
 GWEN : They’re not ? 
 JACK : No. think dangerous. Think something you can only half see, like a glimpse, like something out of the corner of your eye, with a touch of myth, a touch of the spirit world, a touch of reality all jumbled together… 
 Jack stops walking and faces Gwen, adding gravitas. 
 JACK : …old moments and memories that are frozen in amongst it, like debris spinning around a ringed planet, tossing, turning, whirling. Backwards and forwards through time. 
 They look back towards Estelle’s house. 
 JACK : If that’s them we have to find them. Before all hell breaks loose. 
 Jack strides away, Gwen looks after him. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN 
 Jasmine skips and walks quickly through the sunlit garden then under the fence at the end and into a wooded area. 
 INT. JASMINE’S KITCHEN 
 Roy looks out of the window, watching Jasmine go. Lynne is preparing food. 
 ROY : Why won’t she play anywhere else ? 
 LYNNE : She likes it down there. 
 ROY : Other kids have friends. Why doesn’t have friends ? Must be somethin’ wrong with ‘er. 
 LYNNE : There’s nothing wrong with her. 
 ROY : Well, when’s the last time you saw her watchin’ TV ? Or readin’ a book ? Or playin’ with a doll ? Or sittin’ down to ‘ave a chat with us ? When’s the last time you ‘eard her laugh ? 
 Lynne stands thinking as Roy leaves the room, unable to remember Jasmine laughing for a very long time. 
 EXT. WOODED FIELD - DAY 
 Jasmine skips happily through the field. She holds up a stick and spins slowly, playing with unseen Mara. 
 POV MARA - Looking down on Jasmine from the trees. They circle her, laughing happily. 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARD ROOM 
 Open on a picture of fairies. Turn to see Jack sitting at the far end of the table, concentrating. Ianto puts a mug down close to Jack. Turn back to screen to see Toshiko beside it giving the brief. Gwen sits at the table and Owen stands nearby. 
 TOSHIKO : This is the youngest girl, and the girl’s cousin. 
 IANTO : I blame it in magic mushrooms. 
 JACK : What you do in private is none of our business. 
 GWEN : These photographs were faked. 
 OWEN : Conan-Doyle believed in ‘em. 
 TOSHIKO : He was ga-ga at the time. 
 OWEN : And Houdini. 
 GWEN : Self publicist. 
 JACK : (To Gwen) How do you know so much about it ? 
 GWEN : Cos I wrote an essay on the Cottingley glass plate photographs when I was at school. 
 Owen sniggers at her, Gwen ignores him. 
 GWEN : And when the girls were old ladies they admitted they were fakes. 
 Toshiko changes the picture on the screen. 
 TOSHIKO : So where was this sighting then ? 
 Gwen moves to have a closer look at the screen. 
 JACK : In a place called Round Stone Wood. 
 OWEN : Oh, I know it. Has an odd history. 
 JACK : How d’ya mean, odd ? 
 OWEN : It’s always stayed wild. In the ancient times it was considered bad luck to walk in there, even collect timber, even the Roams stayed clear of it. 
 TOSHIKO : I’ve had no report of any sighting. 
 JACK : You won’t. these things come in under the radar. But they play tricks with the weather so set up a programme for natural weather patterns. 
 TOSHIKO : Right. 
 GWEN : Are you saying our machines can’t pick them up ? 
 JACK : Nothing can. 
 INT. POLICE STATION - CUSTODY BLOCK 
 Goodson is being pushed through the custody block by the WPC. 
 Goodson : What is it, is it gone ? 
 As they get to the desk Goodson speaks to the officer. 
 GOODSON : Somewhere safe, that’s all I want. Just put me somewhere safe. 
 WPC : Got a right one here. 
 GOODSON : Look, they’re tryin’ a kill me. 
 WPC : He said there were flowers in his mouth. 
 CUSTODY SGT : Flowers ? 
 GOODSON : They’re trying to choke me. 
 WPC : We checked, there was nothin’. 
 GOODSON : And they didn’t wanna hurt that little girl. It’s just me, they just wanna hurt me. They just wanna kill me. 
 CUSTODY SGT : Who wants to hurt you ? 
 GOODSON : They won’t leave me alone. I’ve done wrong. 
 CUSTODY SGT : Name. 
 GOODSON : It’s little girls. It’s their little bodies, it’s their little smiles, they’re bright as button. Look, I’ve been in trouble before, so just help me. Just lock me up ! Please. 
 EXT. PATH THROUGH ROUND STONE WOOD 
 Jack and Gwen walk side by side, Owen behind with a case looking up into the trees. Jack pushing buttons on his wrist cuff, scanning. 
 GWEN : I asked Estelle about your dad. She said she’d never seen the pair of you together. 
 She smiles, lightening the tone of her suspicions but letting Jack know that she doesn’t believe him. Jack answers seriously. 
 JACK : Why would she ? She lost touch with him after the war. I just happened to catch up with her later. 
 GWEN : Oh. 
 She still doesn’t really believe him. 
 POV MARA : Watching them from the trees. 
 They walk into a clearing, seeing a ring of stones. Jack continually scanning with his wrist cuff. 
 JACK : The stones in those photographs. 
 OWEN : You know this whole area was forest in primeval times. Most of the development areas have been built on lay lines. 
 GWEN : Anyone could’ve made this circle. 
 JACK : Why do you keep doubting me ? I spell out the dangers, you keep looking for explanations. 
 GWEN : That’s what police work’s all about. 
 JACK : This isn’t police work. 
 GWEN : Alright then, science. 
 JACK : And it’s not science. 
 GWEN : I know you told me, it’s that corner of the eye stuff. 
 She looks round shaking her head, then hears a noise. 
 POV MARA : Jumping through the trees. Owen looks in the same direction as Gwen, then returns to taking samples, dismissing the noise. 
 ARIEL CARDIFF 
 INT. POLICE STATION - CUSTODY BLOCK 
 Goodson lies on a narrow bed in his police station cell. He lies on his side facing camera, trying to sleep. Track in on Goodson as he hears a noise, opens his eyes and looks towards the ceiling. A shadow crosses the tiles, he screams and a Mara jumps from the roof on top of him. 
 CUT TO : 
 Custody Sergeant and WPC are at the desk. They look towards the cells when they hear a scream. The custody sergeant sighs - nothing really unusual, just an irritant. He gets his keys and walks towards the cells. The WPC follows him as he unlocks the barred entrance door and they walk to the end of the narrow corridor. 
 CUSTODY SGT : Alright. 
 INT. JASMINE’S HOUSE - STAIRWELL - DAY 
 Lynne, about to carry 2 mugs into another room for herself and Roy pauses at the foot of the stairs as she hears Jasmine talking and laughing. She looks up, puts the mugs on a step and goes up the stairs cautiously. She listens at the door for a moment before opening it. A shadow leaves through the window and Jasmine lies back in bed as if nothing was happening. 
 LYNNE : Heard you laughing Jas. 
 She enters the room and sits on the bed next to Jasmine. 
 LYNNE : Seemed like you were talking to someone. 
 Jasmine shakes her head no. 
 LYNNE : Just talking to yourself, were you ? 
 Jasmine does not respond and Lynne reaches forward to stoke her hair. A mother concerned for her daughter. 
 LYNNE : Lovely to hear you laugh. 
 Lynne looks at Jasmine concerned, uncertain what to say. Jasmine looks away. 
 INT. POLICE STATION - CUSTODY BLOCK. 
 The Custody Sergeant walks down the cell block to the cell talking. Jack follows behind with Gwen. 
 CUSTODY SGT : I thought I’d seen everything in this game until now. I mean we had ‘im locked up for Christ’s sake on his own. 
 He starts to unlock the door then stops and turns to Jack. 
 CUSTODY SGT : He was shouting the odds when he was bought in, said things were following ‘im. 
 JACK : What kind of things ? 
 CUSTODY SGT : Well shadows he said, and he was goin’ on about being choked. 
 Toshiko enters and walks up to them. 
 TOSHIKO : There were 4 other prisoners who saw nothing. 
 GWEN : Where are they now. 
 TOSHIKO : Had them transferred. 
 JACK : CCTV ? 
 TOSHIKO : I’m dealing with that. 
 The custody sergeant unlocks the door and they follow him down the corridor to the cell. 
 CUSTODY SGT : At first I thought he was a drunk or a nutcase or both. 
 JACK : Right I want this place locked off. 
 The custody sergeant opens the cell door and holds it back for them. Jack stands leaning on the doorframe. The body lies in the middle of the cell floor. 
 JACK : Name. 
 TOSHIKO : Mark Goodson, worked in town, business consultant. 
 Toshiko and Gwen pass Jack and enter the cell. Toshiko looks at the body while Gwen looks around the cell. 
 JACK : Cause of death ? 
 TOSHIKO : Well, going by the pinpoint haemorrhages on the eyelids and around the hairline, I’d say oxygen deficiency. But it’s odd, there’s no fingertip bruising on the face, no areas of pallor. 
 GWEN : Nothing to suggest that pressure was applied. 
 Gwen stoops down to look at the body. 
 GWEN : He suffocated alone in a locked cell. 
 TOSHIKO : Looks like it. 
 Gwen leans forward to check inside Goodson’s mouth and throat. 
 GWEN : Wait a minute. 
 She reaches for some tweezers on a nearby tray and pulls a flower petal from Goodson’s throat. Toshiko gasps slightly in surprise, Jack concerned, recognises the petal. The same as the one he has. Gwen continues pulling out petals then holds one up. 
 TOSHIKO : Never seen anything like that before. 
 JACK : I have. 
 
 
 
 INT. ESTELLE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 
 Estelle sits before a low table in her living room. Candles and crystals / stones are arranged on the table. She selects a large, shaped opaque white stone and holds it in both hands. 
 ESTELLE : Quartzite, a searching stone. 
 She holds the stone up and closes her eyes. 
 ESTELLE : Oh, let the energies flow. Help me find them again. 
 A trail of white smoke appears briefly, just entering side of shot, accompanied by a noise. Estelle gasps and looks round. She hears brittle wings fly past outside. Nervous she slowly walks to her kitchen peering through the window. She hears laughter then sees a section of a Mara’s face hiding in a bush. She steps back as the Mara flies towards her, breaking the glass. 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARD ROOM 
 Screen shows CCTV of Goodson lying in his cell, Jack stands to one side, briefing Gwen and Toshiko. 
 JACK : You know the dead man was a convicted paedophile, he used to hang around schools. 
 GWEN : But why the petals in his mouth ? 
 JACK : Just a bit of fun on their part. 
 GWEN : You call that fun ? 
 JACK : That’s the way these creatures like to do things. They play games. They torment, they kill. 
 GWEN : Why ? 
 JACK : As a punishment, or a warning to others. They protect their own. The chosen ones. Somehow children and the spirit world, they go together. 
 TOSHIKO : So how do we stop them ? 
 JACK : First we have to find out who they want. And we can’t track them. They have control of the elements, fire, water, the air that we breathe. They can drag that air right out of our bodies. Sometimes I think they’re part Mara. 
 TOSHIKO : Mara ? 
 JACK : Kind of malignant wraiths. It’s where the word nightmare came from. They used to kill people in their sleep. 
 A phone rings and Jack leans over, puts on the intercom. 
 INTERCUT WITH : 
 Estelle on the telephone in her house. 
 ESTELLE: Jack, it’s me, Estelle. 
 JACK : What is it ? 
 ESTELLE : You were right Jack. There are bad ones, they’ve come to me. 
 JACK : Estelle we’re on our way, stay where you are, don’t go anywhere near them, do you understand ? 
 ESTELLE : Yes. 
 Jack hangs up the phone and runs from the room. Estelle hangs up and then walks cautiously through her house. Afraid. She hears Moses mew and goes to find him. 
 ESTELLE : Moses ! Silly cat ! 
 The cat continues mewing loudly. Estelle opens the glass door to her garden and peers through the gap. 
 ESTELLE : Come on Moses. Come on darling. Moses ! 
 The cat does not come and Estelle opens the door wider, looks then cautiously steps through, not wanting to go outside by scared for her pet - her companion. She calls for the cat, increasingly desperate. 
 ESTELLE : Moses, come on ! Come here darling. Come on puss. Moses ! Moses. 
 A gust of wind slams the door, locking her outside. Estelle, terrified, shakes the door trying desperately to open it but it has locked. It begins to rain heavily and Mara can be heard, surrounding Estelle. 
 ESTELLE : Oh no. Oh ! 
 Estelle holds up her arms and looks around for shelter but there is none. 
 CUT TO : 
 SUV travelling at speed down a main road. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD SUV. 
 Owen and Toshiko sit in the back of the vehicle, Toshiko looking at a map of South Wales on her screen. Jack and Gwen are in the front seats. 
 TOSHIKO : It makes no sense. 
 She zooms in on the Cardiff area and checks the weather scan. 
 TOSHIKO : It’s a fine night yet the weather map says there’s rain. 
 She zooms in the map further, Plymouth Road. An area of severe rain can clearly be seen over one house. 
 EXT. ESTELLE’S GARDEN 
 POV MARA. Estelle stands in her garden, hands held up in a futile attempt to protect herself, the rain pummelling her she falls to the floor onto her back while the Mara laugh. She is unable to cry out loudly, slowly drowning. 
 EXT. ESTELLE’S HOUSE. 
 The SUV pulls up outside and Jack exits the vehicle, runs towards the house, closely followed by the others. Jack calls out as he runs to the door. 
 JACK : Estelle ! Estelle ! 
 He knocks on the door loudly and when there is no rapid answer he runs to the back of the house. Estelle lies on the floor, dead. Jack allows Owen to pass and try to help her. Owen checks for breath but it is too late. 
 OWEN : Looks like she died from drowning. Rest of the garden’s dry as a bone. 
 He stands and Jack passes, he crouches next to Estelle and carefully closes her eyes with the palm of his hand then gathers her body into his arms, across his lap, holding her close he begins to cry. The others move away and Gwen crouches near, speaking softly. 
 GWEN : It wasn’t your dad that was in love with her all those years ago was it ? It was you. 
 JACK : We once made a vow, that we’d be with each other till we died. 
 Gwen stands, watching Jack. He allows himself a few silent tears then kisses Estelle softly on the forehead and rests her carefully on the ground. He stands next to Gwen for a moment, gathering himself. 
 JACK : I need a drink. 
 ARIEL CARDIFF 
 INT. THE HUB - JACK’S OFFICE 
 Jack and Gwen sit in Jack’s office. 
 GWEN : Where did you and Estelle meet ? 
 JACK : In London, at the Astoria Ballroom, a few weeks before Christmas. She was 17 years old and she was beautiful. I loved her at first sight. Nothing lasted back then. Promises were always being broken. Estelle… to have to die like that. 
 Jack downs his glass of whiskey, upset. Gwen tries to change the subject. 
 GWEN : Those petals in Goodson’s mouth, where had you seen that before, was that during the war ? 
 JACK : No, long before then, on a troop train. 
 FLASHBACK - LAHORE 1909. 
 Uniformed soldiers play cards, laugh and joke crowded into an open train carriage travelling along a track. Jack sits a little way off - a commanding officer watching over them. 
 JACK : (VO) 15 men, with me in charge. Everyone happy. Too happy. Too noisy. 
 The train enters a tunnel, dark. 
 JACK : Then we hit a tunnel. 
 In the darkness the sound of wings. 
 JACK : (VO) We thought some birds had flown in though an open window. Then came the silence. 
 As the train leaves the tunnel and daylight flows back through the slatted sides it can be seen that the soldiers are all slumped, dead. Jack looks around. 
 JACK : (VO) Then when we came out of the tunnel, all 15 men were dead. 
 The train lurches over the track and one of the soldier’s heads falls forwards, flower petals falling from his mouth. 
 JACK : They’d been suffocated. My squad. Men I was responsible for. 
 GWEN : But why were the men killed ? 
 Jack takes another drink before continuing. 
 JACK : About a week earlier some of them had got drunk, drove a truck through a village, ran over a child, killed her. That child was a chosen one. 
 INT. JASMINE’S BEDROOM 
 Jasmine lies in bed, she leans on her elbow as toy rocking horses on a shelf begin to move. Her window is open, a breeze coming through. Wings sound and Jasmine smiles. 
 CUT TO : 
 Lynne downstairs, goes to lock the front door for the night and turns out the lights. As she does so a dog barks outside and she opens the backdoor to look. She hears the sound of Jasmine laughing through her open window. 
 POV MARA. They fly from the window down towards Lynne. She goes inside quickly and closes the door. The Mara chatter on the other side as she locks it. Lynne is nervous, wondering at the noise. 
 INT. GWEN’S HOUSE 
 Gwen enters the house followed by Rhys. Rhys talks to her as she walks up the stairs. 
 RHYS : ... 3 hours, wouldn’t say a word, just sat their glowering cos she thought I’d nicked ‘er special stapler. 
 GWEN : Don’t worry about it. 
 RHYS : You alright ? 
 GWEN : No, I’ve ‘ad a bit of a weird day actually. 
 Gwen turns on the light to the living room. Furniture is strewn across the carpet, a mess like after a burglary. 
 RHYS : Bloody hell ! What the hell’s gone on ‘ere ? 
 Rhys walks away to look around. Gwen pauses looking down. A circle of bark and red petals encompasses a circle of 6 stones, an area of clear floor in the centre. A warning from the Mara. 
 RHYS : How’s they get in ? they’ve smashed everythin’ in the bastards ! 
 EXT. JASMINE’S HOUSE - MORNING 
 Jasmine happily leaves the house and walks towards the can, past Lynne who is putting up balloons in the front garden. 
 LYNNE : I’ll fetch you straight home from school this afternoon Jas, you don’t wanna miss our party do ya ? 
 JASMINE : I’d rather play down the garden. 
 Jasmine walks away to the car. 
 LYNNE : You’re right, she’s spending too much time down there. 
 ROY : Don’t worry. I’m gonna put a stop to things. 
 Roy walks towards the car and Lynne goes back into the house. Jasmine waits by the front passenger door. Roy talks to her as he opens the driver’s door. 
 ROY : So what are you gonna do when they start building at the bottom of the garden ? It’ll happen one day. 
 Jasmine looks upset at the suggestion then smiles, looking to the side. 
 ROY : Don’t you ever wanna have a conversation with me ? 
 POV MARA. They look down at Jasmine and Roy from the trees across the road. Watching over her. 
 ROY : No wonder your dad left when you were a baby. Must have seen what was coming. 
 Roy gets in the car. Jasmine smiles and waves at the Mara in the tress then enters the car. Roy looks in the rear view mirror. 
 ROY : Who you waving at ? 
 JASMINE : Just friends. 
 ROY : You don’t have friends. 
 POV MARA. They follow the car as it drives away. 
 EXT. SCHOOL PLAYGROUND 
 Jasmine walks towards the school entrance, other children are present but do not speak to her. 2 girls approach Jasmine from behind, singing a cruel song, as they get close they move to either side of her, take her arms and push her to the floor. They continue walking. The teacher looks over and hurries to Jasmine. 
 KATE : Jasmine, did someone push you Jasmine ? 
 JASMINE : Yes miss. 
 KATE : Who ? 
 JASMINE : Don’t know miss. 
 INT. GWEN’S LIVING ROOM. 
 Jack watches Gwen clearing up the mess left by the Mara. 
 GWEN : In the whole of my working life I have never had to bring the bad times home with me. I have never had to feel threatened in my own home. But not anymore because this means these creatures can invade my life whenever they fell like it and I am scarred Jack. 
 Jack wanders around, looking at Gwen’s things, only looking at her when she admits fear. 
 GWEN : What chance did Estelle have ? What chance do any of us have ? 
 Jack does not answer, only shakes his head, not knowing the answer.  
 GWEN : You said these creatures protect their own. 
 JACK : Yeah. 
 GWEN : You mentioned the chosen ones. What are they ? How many are there ? 
 Jack does not answer and Gwen shouts, frustrated and afraid. 
 GWEN : Tell me Jack ! 
 JACK : All these so called fairies were children once. From different moments in time, going back millennia. Part of the lost lands. 
 GWEN : Lost lands. What ? ! 
 JACK : The lands that belong to them. 
 Gwen struggles to remain calm, not to shout at Jack and demand clear answers. 
 GWEN : What exactly do they want ? Why are they here ? 
 JACK : They want what’s there’s. The next chosen one. 
 EXT. SCHOOL PLAYGROUND 
 Jasmine sits alone on a wooden fence near a tree, looking up into the trees. Other children run about playing and the 2 bullies stand a little distance away talking. They keep looking in Jasmine’s directions, planning their next torment. They then walk towards Jasmine. 
 BULLY 1 : Hey you ! Did you tell on us ? 
 JASMINE : No. 
 BULLY 2: Yes you did. 
 BULLY 1: Yeah, well maybe you need a good kickin’. 
 They pull Jasmine from the fence and start to drag her away. 
 POV MARA. Looking down on the scene. 
 The bullies push Jasmine to the floor and start to kick her. There is a sound of wings and a breeze starts. Jasmine looks to the trees smiling. 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARDROOM 
 JACK : I wanna check on all unexplained deaths in the area. 
 Toshiko works on a computer at the table. Ianto near to her looks at the large screen which currently shows a weather map. 
 TOSHIKO : What’s the weather forecast for today ? 
 Ianto looks at the map then turns to Toshiko, concerned. 
 IANTO : Long sunny spells. 
 TOSHIKO : It’s happening again. 
 She zooms in and shows a scan of Coed Y Garreg Primary School, the map showing a severe gale directly over the school. 
 EXT. SCHOOL PLAYGROUND 
 The bullies cling to each other being buffeted by the wind. The other children scream. Jasmine laughs at the bullies, the wind not touching her. The bullies are trapped by the gale next to a tree while the other children run away. 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARD ROOM 
 Toshiko still working at her laptop, trying to understand the weather readings. 
 TOSHIKO : I don’t understand it, it’s going crazy. 
 JACK : Just leave it, lets go. 
 Jack leaves moves to leave the hub. 
 EXT. SCHOOL PLAYGROUND 
 The bullies are buffeted by a gale of increasing strength. Kate runs through the crowds of children fleeing the area and tries to get to the bullies struggling against the wind, dodging a tree branch as it falls. She gets to the girls and wraps her arms protectively around them 
 KATE : Hold on to me. 
 She looks over towards Jasmine who remains standing smiling at the revenge being taken by the Mara on her behalf. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN 
 Roy nails planks into a fence at the bottom of the garden to prevent Jasmine entering the wood. 
 POV MARA. Flying towards him. 
 EXT. SCHOOL - FRONT GATES 
 The Torchwood SUV pulls up in the grounds. Children are being taken home by their parents as Torchwood walk towards the entrance. Gwen lagging behind sees the debris littering the playground and 2 people with bin bags clearing up. As she jogs towards them the Mara watch her. Gwen looks up and seeing them runs back towards the school building. 
 INT. SCHOOL - CORRIDOR 
 Owen, Tosh and Jack walk down the corridor with Kate who is wrapped in a blanket. 
 KATE : I’ve never seen anything like it. It was so sudden then it just, it just ended. 
 TOSHIKO : Kate, is it ? 
 OWEN : Was anyone hurt ? 
 KATE : No. Two children were almost scarred to death but they’re okay. 
 Gwen runs towards Jack who is walking behind the others. 
 JACK : what is it ? 
 Gwen whispers to him so Kate cannot hear. 
 GWEN : I saw them. 
 KATE : And there was little Jasmine in amongst it all. She hadn’t been touched. The sun was shining down on ‘er. It was like an aura. Something protecting ‘er. 
 JACK : Who is Jasmine ? 
 KATE : Jasmine Pearce. She’s a student of mine. 
 JACK : Where is she now ? 
 KATE : We’re sending all the children home. We have to. 
 JACK : Okay, thanks. 
 Kate walks away. 
 GWEN : The chosen one. 
 JACK : Yeah. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN. 
 Lynne and Roy’s party is underway in the garden, Roy walks through greeting guests. 
 INT. JASMINE’S KITCHEN 
 Jasmine is putting food onto a plate, helping Lynne. 
 LYNNE : Musta been scary at school today. 
 JASMINE : It was fine. 
 LYNNE : Roy said you seen some of your friends this mornin’. He said you waved at them. Only Roy said when he looked he couldn’t see anyone. 
 JASMINE : That’s because they were in the trees. 
 LYNNE : Trees ? What trees ? 
 JASMINE : The trees along the road. 
 LYNNE : Is this one of your games Jas ? 
 JASMINE : No. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN 
 Roy drinks beer and puts food onto a barbeque. Happy. 
 INT. JASMINE’S KITCHEN 
 LYNNE : So, who are they ? 
 JASMINE : Just friends. 
 LYNNE : You should invite them to the party. 
 JASMINE : They don’t like parties. 
 LYNNE : I’m not surprised if they live in trees. 
 JASMINE : Oh, they don’t all live in trees. They can be anywhere and everywhere. They can even be in this room. 
 LYNNE : In this room ? When ? 
 JASMINE : Now. 
 LYNNE : Don’t be silly Jas. Where did you meet these friends ? Musta met them somewhere. 
 JASMINE : They said they’d always look after me, even through time. 
 LYNNE : Why did they say that ? 
 JASMINE : I forget. 
 Lynne looks concerned at Jasmine but says nothing else, instead taking a bowl of salad outside. Jasmine follows her. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN 
 Roy talks to one of the guests. 
 ROY : Oh yeah, got big plans for this place. Gonna extend the patio, landscape this garden. 
 He looks over and sees Jasmine with a plate of food, going to the table. 
 ROY : Cummon Jas, hurry up with that food, people’re hungry. 
 Lynne comes over and Roy puts an arm around her shoulders. 
 GUEST : So, when you gonna name yer date Roy ? 
 ROY : Ooh, never. Can’t afford to keep her. 
 Jasmine walks past them, further into the garden and sees the newly erected fence at the bottom. Dismayed she runs to it, watched by Roy. She grabs at the planks trying to move the fence. 
 JASMINE : No ! No, please no ! 
 Roy walks around the hedge partially concealing the fence. 
 ROY : Jas, get away. 
 JASMINE : You can’t do this, it’s my own place. It’s mine. 
 Roy grabs her arm to pull her from the fence. 
 ROY : I said get away. 
 Jasmine kicks Roy savagely in the shin and bites his arm hard. Roy slaps her round the face in response 
 ROY : You little bitch ! 
 Thunder rumbles loudly and the previously sunny sky begins to darken a little, but not enough for people to begin moving inside the house. Roy walks back round the hedge into the garden and stands next to Lynne. 
 LYNNE : (Indicating the sky) That’s all we need. 
 ROY : Just a bit of bad weather, it’ll pass. 
 A strong breeze starts. 
 EXT. A STREET 
 The SUV speeds down Old Forrest Road towards Jasmine’s house. 
 EXT. JASMINE’S GARDEN 
 Roy is talking and laughing with guests, Lynne enters the garden from the house. 
 LYNNE : (To Roy) Where’s Jas ? 
 ROY : Oh I, she’s around. 
 He leans in and kisses her, then walks a little distance away to make a speech. 
 ROY : Now, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, can I have your attention please ? As you all know, today is a very special day. Lynne and me have been together now for the past 5 years and not only is she my partner, but she has also been my rock and my best friend, and now we’re looking forward to having children of our own. A sudden gust of wind starts and as Lynne and the other guest look up they see Mara perched in the trees high above them. 
 LYNNE : Oh my God ! 
 Lynne and the other guests start screaming. Mara jump down from the trees into the garden behind Roy. One Mara leaps towards the other guests herding them back into the house. The Mara are tall and emaciated with elongated limbs. Small wings flutter on their backs. They move like grasshoppers, bounding across the ground. The guests scramble over each other trying to escape while Jasmine looks on smiling. Jack, Gwen, Owen and Toshiko enter the garden from the side of the house and try to direct the guests out of the way. 
 JACK : Come on move. Go, go. Get out ! 
 A single Mara attacks Roy, swiping at him. 
 LYNNE : Roy ! 
 Another Mara smashes through the fence blocking the wood from the garden and chitters. The Mara attacking Roy pushes him to his back and jumps to crouch on his chest. The Mara puts a hand over Roy’s face, positioning itself and then leaning back plunges it’s hand and arm into Roy’s mouth and down his throat, almost up to it’s shoulder. Jasmine laughs, enjoying the sight. Another Mara leaps towards Jack and Gwen. It puts a hand around Jack’s neck and clings to his side to gain leverage. 
 GWEN : No ! 
 She shoves Jack to the side, knocking the Mara from him. Jack grunts in pain as he hits the floor. The Mara attacking Roy withdraws it’s arm - Roy is dead. The Mara chitters to the other creature. They fly away together, their purpose dealt with. Jasmine takes a last look at her mother and goes through the hole in the fence, into the woods. Jack and the others look around, wondering at the sudden disappearance of the Mara. Lynne looks at Roy, dead on the floor and pulls away from Toshiko who has been holding her back. She kneels next to Roy crying, confused and shocked. Jack and Gwen leave quickly and follow Jasmine into the woods. Owen remains briefly next to Lynne, wanting to help but unable to. Jack and Gwen approach Jasmine and she speaks to them without turning round. Sincere. 
 JASMINE : Do you know you’re walking in a forest ? 
 She turns to look at them. 
 JASMINE : Well you are. It looks like a very old forest, and it’s magical. I want to stay in it. 
 JACK : You can see this forest ? 
 JASMINE : Yes. 
 JACK : But it’s not here. It’s just an illusion Jasmine. It is. 
 Jasmine shakes her head at Jack. 
 JACK : Your friends are just playing a game with you. 
 Jack’s voice gets louder and he looks into the trees, addressing the Mara as much as Jasmine. 
 JACK : The real forest can never come back. 
 JASMINE : Oh it can, when they take me to it. 
 Gwen leans down to speak directly to Jasmine, looking upwards as she does so. Cautious of the Mara. 
 GWEN : They told you this ? 
 Jasmine nods. 
 GWEN : But what about your mother ? Don’t you want to stay with her ? 
 Jasmine shakes her head and Gwen jumps back as the Mara move about in the trees above. Jack takes her place, speaking to the Mara.  
 JACK : The child isn’t sure 
 JASMINE : I am sure. 
 Jack grabs Jasmine, an arm around her chest pulling her close. She looks up at the Mara. 
 JACK : Leave her alone. Find another chosen one. 
 MARA : Too late. She belongs with us. 
 JACK : The child belongs here ! 
 MARA : Never. She lives forever. 
 Lynne walks to the bottom of the garden, but is quickly pulled back by Toshiko and Owen. 
 LYNNE : Jas ! Where’s Jas ? 
 TOSHIKO : Wait. 
 Lynne tries to struggle away from them, suddenly afraid for her child’s wellbeing. 
 LYNNE : No. Let go. My daughter ! 
 JACK : Suppose we make her stay with us… 
 JASMINE : Then lots more people will die. 
 GWEN : they tell you that ? 
 JASMINE : They promised. 
 MARA : Come away, oh human child. 
 Jasmine starts struggling against Jack’s hold, but he holds he shoulders easily. The Mara move closer to them. 
 JASMINE : Next time I’ll kill everyone at my school like I killed Roy, and that man, and your friend. 
 GWEN : How do you know these things ? 
 JASMINE : If they want to they can make great storms, wild seas, turn the world to ice. Kill every thing. Let me go. 
 JACK : The child won’t be harmed ? 
 GWEN : Jack you can’t ! 
 JACK : Answer me ! She won’t be harmed. 
 MARA : Told you, she lives forever. 
 JASMINE : Dead world, is that what you want ? 
 Jack crouches down and speaks directly to Jasmine, a last attempt to stop the Mara taking Jasmine. 
 JACK : What good is that to you ? There will be no more chosen ones. 
 JASMINE : (With the Mara’s voice) They’ll find us, back in time. 
 Jack strokes the child’s face, staring to cry, he knows he cannot save Jasmine. She does not want to be saved. He lets her go and Jasmine walks towards the Mara. 
 JACK : Take her. 
 The Mara fly down from the trees, they now appear as small glittering fairies. Gwen tries to run past Jack but he grabs her arm to stop her. 
 GWEN : Jack, no ! 
 JACK : You asked me what chance we have against them for the sake of the world this is our only chance. 
 Jasmine walks away through the wood, sunlight passing through the trees. She turns and looks at Jack, smiling. 
 JASMINE : (With Mara’s voice) Thank you. 
 Jack watches Jasmine skip away, the fairies chasing her. Lynne runs towards them, followed by Owen and Toshiko and she sees Jasmine leaving. 
 LYNNE : Jas ! 
 As she watches Jasmine disappears. 
 LYNNE : Jas ! 
 Lynne runs a short way into the trees, calling after Jasmine, then turns and sees Jack. Blaming him she throws herself at him flailing her fists that Jack holds back, she screams at him incoherently as grief takes hold she collapses to the floor, screams becoming wails of pain as Jack holds her. 
 JACK : I am so sorry. 
 EXT. FRONT OF JASMINE’S HOUSE. 
 They walk away from the house to the SUV. Jack turns to the others and they stride past, angry at his actions. 
 JACK : What else could I do ? 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARD ROOM 
 Pictures of fairies litter the desk. Gwen gathers them in silence. Behind her a picture appears on the screen, she turns to look and zooms in on the face of one of the fairies. It is Jasmine. 
 END CREDITS 
 GUEST CAST : 
 Estelle Cole - Eve Pearce / Jasmine Pearce (and fairy voices, uncredited) - Lara Philliart / Lynne - Adrienne O’Sullivan / Roy - William Travis / Goodson - Roger Barclay / Kate - Heledd Baskerville / WPC - Ffion Wilkins / Custody Sergeant - Nathan Sussex / Man in street - Paul Jones / Bullies - Sophie Davies and Victoria Gourlay. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 