Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 1x02 - Day One - Torchwood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 1x02 - Day One https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=175&t=10886 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/26/06 13:01 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 1x02 - Day One 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Day one 
 Opening shots and series recap. 
 INT. BOWLING ALLEY 
 Gwen and Rhys bowling, having a good night out. 
 EXT. OUTSIDE CINEMA - CARDIFF - NIGHT 
 Gwen and Rhys walk out of the cinema / bowling alley complex and onto the street. 
 GWEN : Next time I'm choosing the film… 
 RHYS : I was told it was... 
 GWEN : I fell asleep Rhys... 
 EXT. A RESTURANT 
 Gwen and Rhys sit at an outside table eating a meal, chatting. 
 RHYS : What does it mean ? Special ops ? 
 GWEN : It's no big deal. Mainly filing. 
 RHYS : Special archiving. 
 GWEN : Can we talk about something else ? 
 RHYS : Oh come on, it's your first day tomorrow. I'm excited for ya. Big promotion. 
 GWEN : (laughing quietly) secondment. 
 RHYS : You’ll be brilliant. 
 GWEN : (kisses Rhys) Let's have an early night. 
 RHYS : (eager) Cheque please ! 
 Gwen laughs. Rhys looks up and outside. He sees a ball of flame fly across the sky. 
 RHYS : Bloody hell is that plane on fire ? 
 GWEN : It's not a plane. 
 Gwen stands and begins to rush away. 
 RHYS : We haven't paid ! 
 GWEN : Come on. 
 Gwen takes Rhys’ hand and they begin to run, to get a better view. The ball of fire crashes far across the city. 
 RHYS : What was that ? 
 Gwen receives a text message which reads only ‘Torchwood’. 
 GWEN : I gotta go to work. 
 OPENING CREDITS 
 EXT. TORCHWOOD SUV 
 People entering the SUV, focus on feet. 
 CUT TO INT. TORCHWOOD SUV 
 Owen driving, Jack in the front passenger seat. Toshiko and Gwen sit in the rear of the vehicle. 
 JACK : Simple locate and clean up operation. Find that meteorite before anyone else gets their hands on it. Jack turns to look at Gwen. 
 JACK : Good to see you by the way. 
 A screen and keyboard fold down in front of Toshiko. 
 OWEN : Tosh you found it yet ? 
 GWEN : You got enough kit ? 
 TOSHIKO : Basic tracking and surveillance for the crash site. With this we can tap into CCTV networks, social databases… 
 GWEN : (looking at screen) Is this crimint ? This is the police computer you shouldn't have this. 
 JACK : You might want to stop "you, and start saying "we". 
 TOSHIKO : Crash site is 100m ahead. 
 The SUV pulls into a cleared space in a wooded area. The army have set up a base of tents and are patrolling the site alongside police. 
 OWEN : sh1t. The amateurs got here first. 
 JACK : Alright usual formation. 
 Jack walks towards one of the tents, followed by Owen, Toshiko and Gwen. 
 GWEN : What's usual formation ? 
 OWEN : It varies. 
 GWEN : How can a usual formation vary ? Oh ! 
 Gwen runs back to the SUV to pick up her forgotten bag. She enters the tent and the others have already gone. 
 PVT MORIARTY : Who the hell are you ? 
 GWEN : Oh sorry… 
 SGT JOHNSON : This area's restricted. 
 GWEN : No it's alright I'm with special ops. I'm special ops. Torchwood, I'm with Torchwood. 
 SGT JOHNSON : Don't mess with me little girl. You're not with Torchwood, and even if you were. 
 Jack enters from the back of the tent, behind the soldiers. 
 JACK : ...you'd have put out the welcome banners. Now first of all she's no little girl, from where I'm standing. 
 Jack assesses Gwen. 
 JACK : All the right curves in all the right places. But she's Torchwood, we both are and we'd appreciate it if you'd leave us to do the real work. 
 Jack offers his hand to Gwen, she takes it. 
 JACK : Shall we ? 
 Jack and Gwen leave through the rear of the tent and enter a small wood – the crash site. 
 JACK : Let's see what we came for. 
 Gwen lets go of Jack’s hand as she sees the others and stops. A large boulder sits in a deep crater, Owen and Toshiko examining it. Jack continues to the other side of the crater. 
 OWEN : Bog standard space debris. That's a technical term. 
 GWEN : Yeah thanks. 
 JACK : So take all the readings and let's get out of here. 
 They all open their tool boxes and throw tools to each other, practiced speed and efficiency. 
 OWEN : Make yourself useful sweetheart, pass us the big chisel form the toolbox. 
 GWEN : Not sweetheart; Gwen. One syllable, sure you can manage it. 
 OWEN : Not sweet cheeks, freckles, new girl ? 
 Gwen picks up a chisel from the toolbox. 
 GWEN : It's a shame your tool's not big enough for the job, darling. Catch. 
 Owen fails to catch the chisel and it sticks into the boulder. A blue glow can be seen in the cut and a pinkish / purple gas begins to leak out. 
 OWEN : sh1t ! 
 JACK : Owen, Tosh. Put this on. 
 Jack throws gas masks to them Owen and Toshiko then places a gas mask over Gwen’s face. Jack and Gwen stare up at the gas rising from the object. 
 EXT. AN ALLEY - NIGHT 
 A girl talks on her mobile phone. She is upset. 
 CARYS : Eddie is this all I get now. Your voicemail ? You b*st*rd, you could've at least had the dignity to text. I've been standing around all on my own, I'm sick of this. Waiting around for you to show up. I wish I'd never met you. I wish I was dead. No. I wish you were dead… Call me back. 
 POV gas. Carys hangs up and turns round. She sees the gas and fearfully backs against the alley wall. From angle of CCTV : the gas enters Carys' mouth. 
 EXT. A NIGHTCLUB ENTRANCE 
 Three doormen stand by the entrance and allow in some girls. 
 BANKSEY : Evening ladies. 
 LADIES : Hiya handsome. 
 Banksey checks out the ladies as they enter the club. 
 BANKSEY : Ooo very nice. 
 He turns to see Carys trying to enter. 
 BANKSEY : Where do you think you're going ? 
 CARYS : I've been in once, I only went out to make a call. 
 BANKSEY : There's no re-admission. 
 Carys kisses Banksey. 
 BANKSEY : Erm…ok then. On you go. 
 Banksey turns to the other doormen, proud. 
 BANKSEY : Watch and learn boys. 
 INT. THE SAME NIGHTCLUB 
 Carys notices a man by the bar and goes over to him. She takes him to the toilets and starts kissing him. 
 MATT : I don't even no your name. 
 Carys moves his Matt’s hand to her bum. 
 MATT : Overrated, names. 
 They kiss and Carys sits on the edge of the sinks, helping Matt shove down his trousers they have s*x. 
 MATT : I don't think I can hold on… 
 CARYS : Well don’t. 
 Matt orgasms, yells and then becomes a glowing golden gas. Carys absorbs the gas and the boy’s place is taken by a small heap of dark ash. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 GWEN : I'm so sorry. 
 JACK : Seriously. Stop saying that. 
 GWEN : But I am. I mean, I'm really really sorry. God I can't believe it. 
 OWEN : Didn't they teach you health and safety in the police ? 
 GWEN : You two chucked tools at each other so I… 
 OWEN : We didn't miss. 
 GWEN : I'll sort it. Whatever's happened I'll deal with it. What do you think has happened ? I mean it was just gas wasn’t it ? Can’t be too bad… can it ? 
 OWEN : Right because gas never did anyone any harm. 
 JACK : On the plus side we've got good evidence. 
 Jack opens a box on the autopsy table. 
 JACK : Relatively undamaged. 
 OWEN : On the down side, there's an alien on loose. We don't know where it is, why it's here or what it's going to do. 
 TOSHIKO : Give her a break… 
 GWEN : Oh this has been the worst first day ever. 
 JACK : We all make mistakes. Get over it. Now we find and recover whatever came out of there. 
 Ianto clears his throat. He stands on the balcony with a clipboard looking down at them. 
 IANTO : This might help. Night club death, been phoned in a 999. Circumstances sound… a little unusual. 
 Gwen walks up the stairs to him and takes the clipboard. 
 IANTO : Might be connected. 
 EXT. THE NIGHTCLUB 
 PC Andy is guarding the entrance. The Torchwood SUV pulls up. Owen, Jack and Toshiko enter the club running. Gwen follows them. 
 JACK : Torchwood. 
 PC ANDY : Gwen ? 
 GWEN : Hi. 
 PC ANDY : Bloody hell, look at you all posh. Special ops, we're all wondering. 
 GWEN : I meant to call. It's been a bit of a whirlwind. 
 PC ANDY : Go on then, tell us all. 
 Jack leans out of the entrance and glares at Gwen. 
 JACK : Coming ? 
 GWEN : Yeah sorry. You can go away now, no point you freezing your arse off out here. 
 PC ANDY : Boss of me now are you ? 
 GWEN : Err... say hi to everyone for me… 
 PC Andy nods to her and Gwen enters the nightclub. 
 INT. NIGHTCLUB - TOILETS 
 The Torchwood team stand in the toilets with Banksey looking at the pile of ash. 
 GWEN : This is all that's left ? 
 BANKSEY : How's that possible ? 
 JACK : Question is how did you know this used to be a body ? 
 CUT TO FLASHBACK 
 Banksey is watching Carys and Matt over the CCTV, m*st*rb*t*ng until he sees the man reduced to a pile of ash. 
 CUT TO : Return to Nightclub toilets. 
 BANKSEY : Bit of a shock I tell you. 
 JACK : We need to see that CCTV. 
 INT. NIGHTCLUB - SECURITY ROOM 
 The Torchwood team watch the CCTV footage of the toilets. 
 JACK : Well… 
 TOSHIKO : Oh my god… 
 GWEN : He just… 
 JACK : Came and went. 
 OWEN : (laughs) Now that's how I'd like to go. 
 TOSHIKO : I'm sure we could arrange it. 
 BANKSEY : How can that…it doesn't make any sense. It's not possible ! 
 GWEN : Do you know the girls name ? Did the two of them arrive together or did they meet in the club ? Is she a regular, would any of the other staff know her ? 
 BANKSEY : I dunno. We get hundreds of people here very weekend, we don't keep tabs. 
 JACK : Thanks for your help. We've got all we need. 
 Jack guides Banksey out of the room. 
 GWEN : What are you talking about ? We don't have a clue. We don't even know her name. 
 Jack leaves the room followed by the others, they walk through the club on their way to the exit, talking as they go. 
 JACK : We'll need a body from the crowd chamber with a close match to the dead guys appearance. Disfigure the face, dump it some place remote. Make it look like a suicide attempt. 
 GWEN : You have a stash of bodies ? 
 Jack is scanning the area, pauses near the bar as Tosh and Owen leave. 
 CUT TO 
 EXT. ALLEY BEHIND NIGHTCLUB 
 Gwen chases Jack into the alley behind the club as he continues scanning the area. 
 GWEN : What about his family ? You can't just fake his death. 
 JACK : You want to tell his family he died screwing an alien ? 
 GWEN : You don't know that for sure. 
 Jack scans the area with a machine. 
 JACK : Same elements we recorded at the crash site. It's all over the club but strongest in this area. Something happened here. 
 Jack looks up and sees a CCTV camera. 
 INT. NIGHTCLUB - SECURITY ROOM 
 Gwen and Jack watch the CCTV tape of the alley, they see the gas inhabit Carys. Jack removes the video and keeps it. 
 GWEN : It's my fault. If it weren't me he'd still be alive. 
 JACK : It'll get you nowhere, that kind of thinking. At least now we know a little more. The alien's taken on a host body. 
 GWEN : We can't let her kill again. 
 INT. CARYS' HOME - NEXT MORNING 
 Carys and her father, Ivan. 
 IVAN : I said to them you're putting yourselves out of work behaving like this. I can get five polish guys who work all day, don't take any breaks. Happy as Sam boys all for 56 quid above board. I told Niall, why should I bother with your moaning mates when I could get this. Carys, you alright ? 
 CARYS : Yeah ? 
 IVAN : Hung over from Ella's eh ? What did you get up to last night ? 
 CARYS : I can't really remember. Mullered I was. 
 IVAN : Gotta go. Tony needs a van by nine. You in tonight ? 
 Carys nods and Ivan kisses her on the head then leaves the house. Carys sits, near catatonic. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 Jack scans a transparent mapped board with a green laser. 
 GWEN : So what's this supposed to do ? 
 JACK : I'm using satellite tracking data to determine the inward trajectory of the meteorite. 
 TOSHIKO : He means he's trying to find out where it's come from. 
 JACK : Hey, sometimes a little techno-babble is good for the soul. 
 GWEN : So this is like a route planner. 
 TOSHIKO : Not far off. 
 GWEN : Rhys, my boyfriend, is a transport manager; he does this sort of stuff but on a slightly smaller scale. 
 TOSHIKO : You have a boyfriend ? 
 GWEN : Yeah, have you ? 
 TOSHIKO : Don't have time with this job. 
 GWEN : What about you, you seeing anyone ? 
 OWEN : You gotta be joking. I can get all the grief I need 'ere. 
 GWEN : None of you have partners ? 
 OWEN : Just you newbie. 
 GWEN : I'm not being rude or anything; well maybe I am, but how do you switch off from all this stuff ? What do you do to relax ? 
 OWEN : I torture people in happy relationships. 
 INT. CARYS' BATHROOM 
 Carys crouches in the shower crying. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 TOSHIKO : The gas traces have been named as vorax or ceronium. 
 JACK : Great my two favourite gases. Check to find out what we know about them. 
 Gwen looks at Toshiko's computer. 
 GWEN : What's this doing ? 
 TOSHIKO : I've taken an image of the girl from the CCTV footage and cross referenced with the UK population. 
 GWEN : You can't have every face in the UK on there that would be against civil liberties, data protection, all that stuff. 
 JACK : Still doing that ‘you’ instead of ‘we’ thing. 
 OWEN : 119 suspects, this thing is supposed to give us a single clear match. 
 TOSHIKO : The CCTV was too low res, I've tried magnifying and augmenting but it just breaks up which means the software can't function properly. 
 IANTO : It's narrowed the numbers down, I could check through the rest. You know, the old fashioned way, with my eyes. 
 GWEN : What about the fingerprints I took of the alleyway wall ? 
 She checks. After a moment the computer screen shows ‘no matches found’. 
 GWEN : It was a long shot. 
 OWEN : Just a bit. 
 GWEN : At least I'm trying to do something. 
 OWEN : No you're trying to do anything. 
 JACK : The CCTV must've picked up her arrival at the club. Tosh can you re-format the image recognition software to trace her journey backwards via the street camera network ? 
 TOSHIKO : I'll try but it'll take a while to process. Every possible turn, on every street corner. It means hundreds of thousands of probabilities. 
 JACK : Have a go. At least we'll know where she started the evening. 
 GWEN : We could cross reference that with the addresses of the remaining face matches. 
 OWEN : Good one Newbie, that's a bit more like it. 
 INT. CARYS' BEDROOM 
 Carys sits at her dressing table brushing her hair. She clutches her stomach and cries out 3 times, each time louder, more pained. The alien inside. The doorbell rings and the pain eases, fresh food for the alien. Carys runs downstairs. 
 GAVIN : You're keeping that website in business. 
 The postman, Gavin, hands her a parcel. Carys slams the door and she feverishly begins removes his belt. 
 GAVIN : …so your dad's not in then. 
 CARYS : Get your clothes off ! 
 She pushes him onto the sofa. 
 GAVIN : Steady Carys. 
 She straddles him. 
 GAVIN : Ok that's enough. Joke over. Barry's put you up to this has he ? 
 CARYS : Shut up ! 
 The door of the lounge opens and Jack enters. He is wearing white overalls and a gas mask. He points his gun at Carys. Toshiko enters behind him and Gwen and Owen come through the front door. 
 GAVIN : What's going on ? 
 JACK : Put your trousers on and get out !… Now ! 
 Gavin leaves. 
 JACK : It always breaks my heart to say those words. 
 TOSHIKO : Air quality is ok. 
 They remove their gas masks. As Gwen removes hers Carys runs past. 
 JACK : Gwen, look out ! 
 Carys reaches the door. Owen throws a device on the floor. A beam of light shines upwards from the device and imprisons Carys. 
 GWEN : What's that ? 
 OWEN : It's a sort of inflatable cell. Power runs down after an hour though, the battery lives are bollocks. 
 JACK : Who said you could use that ? 
 OWEN : (Looking hopeful) Erm, I just stopped the prisoner escaping. 
 JACK : You know the rules. None of that stuff leaves the building without my express permission. 
 OWEN : Fine, don't thank me. 
 Jack releases Carys with his wrist cuff and Gwen takes her by the shoulders. 
 GWEN : Come with us. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 They enter the hub, Gwen leading Carys. 
 JACK : See what you find out from her. 
 GWEN : But aren't you gonna help me ? I don't know what I'm doing. 
 JACK : Usually better if you don't say that in front of the prisoner. 
 Gwen takes Carys to the cell block and puts her in a cell. 
 CARYS : Are you MI5 ? Where am I ? What’d want ? 
 GWEN : I think you know Carys. 
 CARYS : How do you know my name ? I've never been in trouble. What do you want from me ? 
 GWEN : I know there's something living inside you, and I know what it made you do. His name was Matt Stephens, his parents lost their only child at three o’ seven this morning. 
 Carys cries out in pain as the alien takes control. 
 CARYS : You broke my ship. 
 GWEN : Come on then. Where are you from and why are trying to invade earth because you forget about enslaving us. 
 CARYS : Who said anything about enslaving ? 
 GWEN : Well that's what you lot do… Aliens, isn't it ? 
 CARYS : No. I just want the energy, the climax. I live off that energy. 
 GWEN : Right, just to recap, you've travelled here to feed off orgasmic energy. 
 CARYS : There's nothing else out there like it. You taste so good, you're the best hit there is. 
 Carys cries out is trown against the cell wall as she fights to regain control. Gwen opens the cell door to check on her. 
 CARYS : Help me. Please get it out of me. 
 Gwen helps Carys to her feet then looks confused for a second. Carys pushes Gwen against the wall and starts to kiss her. 
 CUT TO : 
 Owen sitting at his station watching the CCTV footage of Carys’ cell. 
 OWEN : Hello, happy birthday me. 
 CUT TO CELL : 
 Gwen and Carys kiss passionately. Gwen commenting in pauses. 
 GWEN : Ok first contact with an alien not quite the way I expected. 
 INT. THE HUB - OWEN’S STATION 
 Owen continues to watch the CCTV and calls Toshiko and Jack over. 
 OWEN : Oi, you lot. Treat. 
 TOSHIKO : Wow. 
 JACK : Wow. 
 OWEN : I thought she had a boyfriend. 
 JACK : You people and your quaint little categories. 
 TOSHIKO : We should really get her out of there. 
 They stand watching the screen. 
 JACK : (Not moving) Yeah… I mean yeah, come on. 
 Jack runs towards the cell block. 
 OWEN : Just recording it first. 
 They go to the cells. 
 INT. CARYS' CELL 
 CARYS : No, it's no good. It has to be a man. 
 Gwen tries to kiss Carys and is pushed away. Carys cries out in pain. 
 CARYS : Promise me, promise me you'll help me. 
 Gwen’s phone rings and she backs pout of the cell. 
 GWEN : I promise. 
 Gwen closes the door and answers the phone. 
 GWEN : Hi. 
 RHYS : (on phone) Not still at work ? 
 Jack and Toshiko arrive in the cell block entrance. 
 GWEN : Afraid so. 
 Jack mimes asking Gwen if she is ok. She winks and gives him a thumbs up. 
 RHYS : What time will you be back, I'm just about to start cooking. 
 GWEN : Not really sure when I'll be finished though. 
 RHYS : Is it exciting though ? Is it full of excitement ? 
 GWEN : Err... some... 
 RHYS : Is now a good time ? 
 GWEN : Not the best. 
 RHYS : Oh pity me; I'm a special ops widow. 
 GWEN : I'll call you later. 
 Gwen hangs up. She holds the phone to her and backs against the clear front of another cell. The weevil jumps at the glass growling, she screams and backs away then exits the cell block. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 Gwen enters the main hub and meets Owen who claps at her. 
 OWEN : Way to go newbie, that is what I call a methodical investigation. I can't wait to see you take down her particulars. 
 Gwen runs at him and grabs his lapels, pushing him against a wall. 
 OWEN : What are you doing ? Get off me. 
 GWEN : That girls body has been over run by I don't know what and you think it's a joke ! 
 OWEN : Alright, Jesus I'm sorry. 
 GWEN : We should be helping her; she's not some lab rat. 
 OWEN : No she's a murderer and you were the one who wanted her caught. How come suddenly she's your best friend ? 
 Jack appears next to them from the corner. 
 JACK : You know strictly speaking, throttling the staff is my job. 
 Gwen lets Owen go. Ianto arrives with takeaway food. Owen moves his neck, sore. 
 IANTO : So who's for Chinese ? 
 
 
 
 INT. THE HUB - BOARD ROOM 
 The team sits around the table eating. Jack is telling a story and laughing. 
 JACK : ...she says, she says if I'd known what he was I never would have married him. 
 TOSHIKO : She knew, she knew all along. 
 OWEN : She did definitely, she didn't care. 
 IANTO : Until he started leaving black piles of mucus in the bath tub. 
 JACK : Oh that was the big giveaway. Aliens have no sense of household hygiene. 
 Jack takes a drink then taps the table. 
 JACK : Which reminds me, gotta pee. 
 Jack exit’s the room. The remaining team look at Gwen. 
 OWEN : So what's he told ya ? 
 GWEN : What about ? 
 TOSHIKO : Himself. 
 GWEN : You've been here longer than I have. 
 TOSHIKO : We were banking on you. 
 OWEN : You're a copper. You're trained to ask questions. 
 GWEN : You don't know anything ? 
 OWEN : Not who is, where he's from, nothing. Except him being gay. 
 GWEN : No he's not. Really do you think ? 
 TOSHIKO : No. Owen does, and I don't. 
 IANTO : And I don't care. 
 OWEN : Period military is not the dress code of a straight man. 
 GWEN : I think it suits him. Sort of classic. 
 TOSHIKO : Exactly. I’ve watched him in action, he'll shag anything if it's gorgeous enough. 
 GWEN : We know he's from America right ? 
 OWEN : We don't even no that for sure. 
 TOSHIKO : No US citizen by the name of Jack Harkness born in the last fifty years. 
 GWEN : Maybe his identity's classified. 
 IANTO : He used to be something big in the CIA, that's what I reckon. 
 GWEN : He must have his reasons for wanting to keep things secret. 
 OWEN : Sure he does. Not stop me wanting to know what they are. 
 GWEN : What's that sound ? 
 They notice the sound of crying coming from the CCTV footage of Carys' cell. Jack re-enters the room again, Gwen gets up and walks over to the screen, concerned and upset. 
 GWEN : What are we doing having Chinese while a girl fights for her life ? 
 JACK : Actually while we've been eating the computers have been running a full bio-scan of Carys; profiling her blood, metabolism, organs, skin, the works. So we can see what effect the alien is having on her. They've also been taking samples of the air in the cell so we can analyse any changes in the environment around her. Now is that enough ? Do you want more ? Cos, err... it gets kinda borin‘... 
 GWEN : You've been hidden down here to long. Spending so much time with the alien stuff, you've lost what it means to be human. 
 JACK : So remind us…Tell me what it means to be human in the 21st century. 
 GWEN : Alright. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 Gwen is at her station working on the computer. She starts printing off details and pictures of Carys' life. Gwen presents the information to Jack. 
 GWEN : Carys Fletcher born, November 30th 1987. School reports, personnel reports from her temping agency, swimming badges from when she was 6, reports of her mother's death in a car crash when she was 10, and last years emails discussing the relative merits of Orlando Bloom and Heith Ledger. 
 JACK : Why have you done this ? 
 GWEN : This isn't about meteorites or gases. We have a trapped girl and we have to save her. When I was with her in the cell Carys told me she was losing. We have to find a way to keep her fighting, remind of who she is. 
 Jack sits and stares at her. 
 GWEN : Have I got something on my face ? 
 JACK : No, err... it's just…it's… brilliant. You are brilliant. 
 Jack appears genuinely pleased with her work. 
 GWEN : Thank you. So I think we should bring in her dad. 
 JACK : You're kidding right ? 
 GWEN : We've gotta find something to connect with her, make her fight back. 
 JACK : Our priority is to contain the alien threat, not to put civilians in a cell with it. 
 GWEN : We should be helping her. 
 JACK : Gwen there is no… 
 GWEN : ...If we don't, who will Jack ? 
 JACK : Are you always this awkward ? 
 TOSHIKO : (over the intercom from her station) You should take a look at this. 
 Gwen and Jack go over to Toshiko. 
 TOSHIKO : This is the normal composition of the air in that cell. And these are the readings from the last hour. 
 An increase in activity in the air is shown on screen. 
 TOSHIKO : The alien is secreting an ultra powerful form of air born pheromones, s*x pheromones. A thousand times more than anything we would've experienced. 
 JACK : She's a walking aphrodisiac. 
 GWEN : I did wonder why i… actually I sort of snogged her. 
 JACK and TOSH : We know. 
 JACK : Now, still wanna put her father in the cell ? 
 GWEN : God no. We can't let any man near. 
 TOSH and GWEN : Owen ! 
 INT. CARYS' CELL 
 Toshiko and Gwen go to the cells. Owen is standing naked in Carys’ cell, Carys has gone. 
 TOSHIKO : (over intercom) Jack, Carys is out of the cell. 
 OWEN : Cheeky bitch took my swipe card. 
 JACK : I'll deal with it. And tell Owen he needs to work on the abs a bit harder. 
 Toshiko opens the cell door for Owen and he exit’s the cell. 
 OWEN : I was taking some readings, keeping an eye on her and bang... 
 TOSHIKO : You got away lightly, be thankful she was only interested in your swipe card. 
 GWEN : Are you alright now, or are you still feeling a bit of a cock ? 
 INT. THE HUB 
 Carys wanders around the main hub, Jack finds her. 
 JACK : No exit, sorry. 
 Jack blocks Carys’ exit. She runs back and tries to open some double doors behind a table but they are. She stands on one side of the table, Jack on the other, teasing him in which way she will go. They see a knife on the table between them and both lung for the weapon at the same time. Carys gets there first and swipes at Jack who ducks. 
 JACK : Yeah, you want a little rough and tumble huh ? 
 Carys’ swipes at him again and Jack picks up a pole from the table. 
 JACK : Well lets make it a fair fight ! 
 Jack backs Carys against a pillar with the bar and Carys manages to cut his leg. Jack stoops clutching the cut and Carys uses the time to run. They fight briefly and Carys pushes a wheeled chair at Jack. He jumps it. 
 CARYS : You won't stop me. 
 Carys runs back down the stairs and Jack goes the other way to block her exit, prepared to fight. Carys picks up the jar with the hand. 
 JACK : Put it down ! It's worthless to anyone but me ! Down now, or I'll shoot ! 
 Jack draws his gun, but allows her to walk past him towards the exit, still carrying the hand. 
 CARYS : So shoot me, you say you will, but the eyes say won't ! I'm going, don't stop me ! 
 Carys pauses, in pain, fighting the alien. 
 CARYS : Please, help me. 
 Jack is briefly sympathetic and Carys enters the lift. The doors close and Jack runs up the stairs. Jack reaches the top at almost the same moment as Carys and runs after her. They enter the Tourist Information Office where Ianto is waiting. 
 IANTO : Need me to do any attacking sir ? 
 JACK : Appreciate the offer. Just open the door. 
 Jack holsters his gun as Ianto opens the door. 
 JACK : Now give me the jar. 
 Jack holds out his hands for the jar with the hand. Carys pauses and then throws the jar on the desk where it smashes and rolls to the floor. Jack cries out in anguish and grabs the hand. Gwen and Toshiko enter notice Jack holding the twitching hand then run after Carys, searching for her but she has gone. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 They discuss Carys. 
 GWEN : After all I said a severed hand is more important to you than Carys' life ? 
 JACK : You wanna prove yourself ? Find her. Get your old pals in the police to do something useful for once. 
 GWEN : Alright I'll give them a call. Put out an APB. Woman possessed by gas, nobbin' fellas to death. 
 Jack rolls his eyes. Owen enters. 
 OWEN : Oi, you better get in 'ere. 
 They follow him into the autopsy room and watch him from the balcony as he stands behind his table. On the table sits a rat inside a glass tank. 
 OWEN : So I was trying to interpret the results of the bio-scan., yeah but it's all just a mess, like there's no definitive readings; because everything in her body keeps changing, nothing stays constant. So as soon as you think you've got something clear, the metabolic rate, blood pressure or whatever, it all goes wild again. 
 JACK : Because she's fighting the alien being for control over her own body. 
 OWEN : Yeah so anyway I decided to do a comparative diagnostic, recreate the circumstances, accelerate the process a little. See what's gonna happen to Carys. 
 GWEN : Yeah, thanks. 
 OWEN : I infected the rat with a combination of the vorax and the ceronium gas traces we found down at the crash site and at the nightclub. 
 TOSHIKO : Looks fine so far. 
 OWEN : Once the gases start to flow round the body, the party really starts. The heart rate triples, the brain triples pressing against the side of the skull, as that keeps the lungs begin to shrink making it impossible to breathe and…the pressure increases on all the internal organs until… 
 The rat explodes into a bloody mess in the glass tank. 
 OWEN : Rat jam ! 
 JACK : That's what's going to happen to Carys ? 
 GWEN : I'm losing, that's what she said to me. 
 OWEN : Right now it's a struggle between where Carys ends and the alien begins. 
 EXT. A STREET IN CARDIFF 
 Carys walks down the street, everywhere she looks couples are affectionate or there are posters with erotic images. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 GWEN : We have to think like her. Put ourselves in her place. It's the only way to find her. 
 JACK : Except we don't know what her controlling impulse is right now. Carys, or the alien inside ? Last thing I saw was a fight for control. 
 TOSHIKO : The overriding factor for the parasite is to have s*x. It's a survival instinct, it's bound to be the s strongest drive. 
 GWEN : Alright say your Carys, you're desperate for s*x because that's what the thing inside you needs, but you know it will kill, where would you go ? 
 OWEN : I'd come round and shag you. What ? It's a joke. Can't I ever have a joke with my team mates ? 
 TOSHIKO : Right now, no. 
 JACK : So what're we talking about ? Brothels, lap dance clubs, anywhere there's eager men. 
 TOSHIKO : I know what I'd do. 
 INT. EDDIE'S FLAT - DAY 
 Carys has gone to visit her ex-boyfriend, Eddie. 
 EDDIE : What the hell are you doing here ? You look a bit wired. 
 CARYS : I had to see you. 
 EDDIE : You shoulda called, Betha might've been in. 
 CARYS : I could kill you. 
 EDDIE : I could bloody kill you. What the hell was that message you left on my mobile last night ? Sounded like you were off your face. 
 CARYS : If I wanted to, I could kill you, now. 
 EDDIE : Look…I told you, I'm not leaving Betha. You're a lovely girl, but it's just not gonna happen. 
 CARYS : You were my first, see. I never told you coz I thought you'd laugh, and you're crap. All you want to is to come and you don't care what's underneath. 
 EDDIE : Oh yeah, have a go, get it outta your system. 
 Carys suddenly clutches her stomach and leans over, fighting still. 
 CARYS : Do you love me Eddie ? Did you ever love me ? 
 EDDIE : Nah. 
 CARYS : You could've saved yourself. 
 Carys grabs Eddie and kisses him. 
 EDDIE : What ? 
 INT. EDDIE’S FLAT - LATER 
 Jack and Gwen enter the flat, Carys has already gone. 
 GWEN : We're too late. 
 JACK : Tosh was right though. She went for the ex-boyfriend. Lucky she's young. Work your way through my back catalogue and we'll be here 'til the sun explodes. 
 Jack leaves, followed by Gwen. 
 GWEN : So where's she gonna go next ? 
 JACK : And how long before that thing destroys her body. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD SUV - NIGHT 
 JACK : So what's our next move ? 
 OWEN : Stop the entire city of Cardiff from shagging. 
 GWEN : Put bromide in the water supply. 
 JACK : No. To hit and miss. 
 OWEN : Yeah and the water company got really pissed off the last time we did that. 
 Gwen looks at him slightly shocked. 
 TOCHIKO : It could've picked any body in Cardiff, why her ? 
 GWEN : Just assumed it was random. 
 JACK : Demanding Carys' life to get what it needs. 
 OWEN : So what else do we know about her to give us leads ? 
 JACK : Anything you can think of ? 
 GWEN : What're you all looking at me for ? 
 OWEN : You did all the profiling. 
 GWEN : I don't know, sorry ! 
 OWEN : She's really great under pressure. 
 JACK : There's gotta be something. What did you say Carys' job was ? 
 GWEN : Just a temp. A receptionist. 
 JACK : Where's she working at the moment ? 
 TOSHIKO : I could pull her employment files up… Conway clinic. 
 OWEN : You're joking ! 
 JACK : What's the problem ? 
 OWEN : It's a bloody fertility clinic. Sperm donors, an unlimited supply of orgasmic energy without all the build up. 
 JACK : Perfect hit. 
 Jack turns the car round and heads to the clinic. 
 INT. CONWAY CLINIC 
 RECEPTIONIST : Carys, you're not on today are you ? 
 CARYS : It needs more, the energy it's not lasting. 
 RECEPTIONIST : Sorry... 
 Carys punches the receptionist in the face. 
 Over the intercom a voice says “Mr Turnstone, room number 1 is ready now.” A man enters the room. Carys takes the sample pot from him. Off camera a scream is heard. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD SUV 
 Jack hands Gwen a gun. 
 GWEN : What's this for ? 
 JACK : Need a diagram ? 
 GWEN : I've never used a gun. 
 JACK : You were in the police. 
 GWEN : I was on the beat. 
 JACK : Carry it and make sure you don't need to use it. 
 INT. A ROOM IN CONWAY CLINIC 
 Carys is in the room with another donor. 
 MAN : I'm asking for you to get out. 
 CARYS : Just relax, I can help. 
 MAN : I don't think so love, I'm gay ! 
 INT. TORCHWOOD SUV 
 GWEN : What do we do if we find her ? How are we going to get that thing out of her ? 
 TOSHIKO : Judging by the test results the gas needed a host because prolonged exposure to our atmosphere is poisonous to it. So bodies are the perfect environment. 
 JACK : So if we isolate it from Carys' body... 
 OWEN : It won't survive for long. 
 JACK : Sounds like we have ourselves a plan. 
 GWEN : Force it to die. 
 OWEN : Just like it did to those poor blokes. 
 GWEN : What about Carys ? 
 OWEN : Better start praying we get to her in time. 
 INT. CONWAY CLINIC 
 The Torchwood team enter the clinic. 
 JACK : Out ! Out ! Get as far away as you can ! 
 The men in the clinic leave as ordered. They search the building for men and for Carys. They enter rooms, guns leading, searching but in each room they find only piles of ash. 
 GWEN : Oh god, how many more ? 
 OWEN : (shouted out of shot) In 'ere ! 
 They all enter the room and surround Carys. 
 JACK : Nowhere to run. 
 He points his gun at Carys. 
 CARYS : All the s*x, all we see, all we think. So much beauty and so much fear. We want it but we're so afraid of… 
 She cries out and collapses onto the floor, Gwen moves to her to assist. 
 OWEN : The strain on her body is too much. Any second now, she's rat jam. 
 CARYS : One more. Each time is less, each time the feelings weaker. Once more, make me feel alive. Make me feel human. 
 She shakes Gwen, desperate. 
 GWEN : I can't. 
 JACK : I can. 
 Jack moves to Carys and crouches before her. Gwen moves away. 
 GWEN : Jack… 
 JACK : I've got some surplus of a life, I'm giving it away. 
 Jack places his hands on her cheeks. 
 JACK : You really wanna feel something ? 
 Jack kisses Carys. 
 OWEN : What's he doing ? 
 TOSHIKO : I dunno. 
 Carys glows with golden light, similar to the orgasmic energy. 
 JACK : That was just a kiss; imagine the buzz you'd get from the rest. 
 Carys collapses. 
 JACK : Wasn't exactly the reaction I anticipated. 
 OWEN : Her body won't last much longer. 
 GWEN : Use me. Leave Carys, take my body as host… 
 Gwen her hands behind Carys' head. 
 GWEN : Just let her live. 
 Jack takes Gwen’s arm to stop her. 
 GWEN : I'm stronger than she is, I'll live longer, you might be able to save me. I dunno… 
 JACK : Ok. 
 TOSHIKO : Jack. You can't let her… 
 JACK : Like she said, she's responsible for this. 
 Gwen stands and makes demands of the alien inhabiting Carys. 
 GWEN : Come on do it, leave her… 
 The gas leaves Carys' body. It stops in front of Gwen for a second. Gwen closes her eyes. Jack gets the inflatable cell and it encloses the gas. Gwen opens her eyes. 
 OWEN : How long can it survive in there ? 
 TOSHIKO : It's pretty weak. Why ? 
 OWEN : Bit worried about how long that battery will last for. 
 GWEN : Look…it's dying. 
 The gas disappears leaving a pile of dust behind it, the battery dies in the cell just after. Jack picks up and handful of the dust and then lets it trickle through his fingers. 
 JACK : Travel halfway across the universe for the greatest s*x and still end up dying alone. 
 Gwen bends down next to Jack, she leans over and puts her hand under his chin lifting his head slightly, and kisses him lightly on the lips. 
 GWEN : Thank you. 
 She gets up and walks away. Jack stops for a second, he breathes and then turns to watch her leave, he then places a finger on his lips. 
 INT. CARYS' HOUSE 
 Gwen brings in Carys, Jack is standing behind her dad. Her dad greets and hugs her. Jack smiles at Gwen. 
 INT. THE HUB 
 Gwen is taking down her display on Carys' life. Jack walks in. 
 JACK : Still here ? Everybody else is off doing… whatever it is they do when they're not here. 
 GWEN : How long you been there ? 
 He shrugs and smiles, she smiles back and continues taking down the papers. 
 GWEN : I wanted to finish off. 
 JACK : Do one thing for me. Don't let the job consume you. You have a life, perspective, we need that. 
 Gwen finishes taking down the papers and puts her hands on her hips. 
 GWEN : Who are you Jack ? 
 JACK : I'm sorry. 
 GWEN : You can't die. You tell me the 21st century is when it all changes... hat we have to be ready. 
 JACK : So you do. 
 GWEN : But how can you know ? 
 JACK : You think knowing the answers will make you feel better ? 
 GWEN : Who are you, what are you doing here ? 
 JACK : Go home Gwen Cooper. Eat lasagne, kiss your boyfriend, be normal… forme. 
 INT. GWEN’S HOUSE 
 Gwen and Rhys eat dinner – lasagne. Rhys is talking about work, Gwen is not listening. 
 RHYS : Am I boring you ? 
 GWEN : Sorry. 
 RHYS : Too good now to care about transport routes are we ? 
 He smiles and Gwen kisses him. 
 GWEN : Let's go to bed. 
 FLYOVER CARDIFF BAY 
 END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 