Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 1x10 - Out of Time - Torchwood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 1x10 - Out of Time https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=175&t=10894 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/21/06 17:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 1x10 - Out of Time 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Opening shots and series recap 
 JACK : (VO) Torchwood. Outside the government, beyond the police. Tracking down alien life on earth and arming the human race against the future. The 21st century is when everything changes and you gotta be ready. 
 EXT. SKY - DAY 
 A small biplane flies across an overcast sky, banking to make its descent. 
 CUT TO : 
 EXT - AIRPORT 
 Jack, Gwen and Owen stand beside the narrow runway awaiting the arrival of the plane, watching as it lands and taxis to a stop close to them. Jack leads the others towards the plane and the pilot leans through the small side window and waves smiling heartily. She is 40s-beautiful and wears a leather flying jacket. Confident and self possessed. 
 DIANE : Hello there ! 
 Diane jumps out of the plane and walks towards Jack. 
 DIANE : Apologies for the unplanned touchdown, just hit some rotten turbulence. 
 JACK : Captain Jack Harkness. 
 Jack holds out his hand and Diane shakes it confidently. 
 DIANE : Diane Holmes, pilot. 
 Behind Diane a middle aged man lifts a young woman from the aircraft. 
 DIANE : This some sort of secret base ? You must show me around one day, Captain. 
 John and Emma move to stand behind Diane. 
 JOHN : Everything alright ? 
 EMMA : How long before we head off again ? My uncle’s expecting me. 
 JACK : When did you leave ? 
 DIANE : About half an hour ago. 
 JACK : Which date ? 
 Diane appears a little amused by the question but answers regardless. 
 DIANE : Today, December the eighteenth. 
 JACK : Which year ? 
 Diane looks round at John, wondering about Jack’s sanity. 
 JACK : Which year ? Which year ? I need to know. 
 DIANE : 1953. 
 OPENING CREDITS 
 INT. THE HUB - COG DOOR - DAY 
 The cog door opens and Owen enters the hub followed quickly by Gwen. John walks slowly through the doorway, Emma and Diane behind him with Jack. They all carry small amounts of luggage. The hub is sparsely decorated for Christmas. 
 JACK : There’s no need to be frightened. 
 JOHN : Who are you exactly ? 
 John enters the hub, Emma, following him, looks around in wonder. 
 JACK : The least you know about us the better. Meet the team. 
 Owen, Toshiko and Gwen stand a short distance away, Owen in the process of putting on his white lab coat. They look at the visitors who stand with Jack. 
 TOSHIKO : Toshiko. 
 GWEN : Gwen. 
 OWEN : Doctor Owen Harper. 
 JOHN : John Ellis. 
 EMMA : Emma Louise Cohen. 
 DIANE : Diane Holmes 
 OWEN : Please, follow me. 
 Owen walks away expecting them to follow as ordered. Jack lets them pass. 
 GWEN : At least it wasn’t a spaceship full of aliens. 
 JACK : That might’ve been easier. 
 Jack walks past Gwen up the stairs, following the visitors. 
 INT. THE HUB - CONFERENCE ROOM - A SHORT TIME LATER 
 John, Emma and Diane stand in the conference room, their predicament having been explained to them. John is incredulous, Emma standing nearby is closed in, unsure, Diane leans on the glass wall behind them. 
 JOHN : How can you travel 50 years in half an hour ? 
 Jack leans on the far end of the table, Toshiko standing nearby and Owen half sitting on a side table each look slightly bored. Gwen reads a newspaper. 
 JACK : Your aircraft slipped through a transcendental portal. 
 EMMA : A what ? 
 JACK : A door in time and space. 
 JOHN : It’s some kind of trick. It has to be. 
 JACK : Tosh… 
 Jack moves to the side and Toshiko takes his place at the end of the table next to the large screen which shows a multitude of photographs. Toshiko indicates papers lying on the table in front of the visitors. 
 TOSHIKO : Celebrations of the millennium from your respective home cities, photographs documenting the development of Cardiff bay from the 50s to the present day, blueprints of modern day airplanes. 
 While Toshiko speaks the visitors look through the papers on the table. Astounded Emma sits down. 
 DIANE : But if all this is true, then how do we get back ? 
 JACK : You don’t. According to history your plane never returned. I’m sorry. 
 DIANE : What’s going to happen to us ? 
 JOHN : Never mind about us, what happened to everyone else ? Our families ? 
 Emma is close to tears, looking up at Diane for support. 
 INT. THE HUB - LATER 
 Gwen walks with Emma through the hub, holding a large book and reading facts about Emma’s family from it. 
 GWEN : Your father died in 1959, he was 48. 
 EMMA : Dad said he’d die young, all the men in the munitions factory did. 
 GWEN : Your mother lived ‘til she was 81 though. 
 Gwen pauses and looks at Emma who clutches her bag to her chest, trying to be strong like John and Diane but barely holding back tears. Gwen rubs Emma’s back in a show of support. 
 GWEN : I know this is hard to take in but is there anyone else ? 
 Gwen and Emma walk out of shot past Toshiko, John and Jack. Toshiko types searches into her computer, John standing behind her offering names to hunt. Jack watches the proceedings. 
 JOHN : My son, Alan Ellis, he was born on the sixth of April 1937. 14 Park Place, Grangetown, he might still be alive. 
 Toshiko’s computer beeps, the search proving fruitless. 
 TOSHIKO : The archives in the 50’s weren’t that well documented. 
 JACK : We’ll try again tomorrow. Right now you need to get some sleep. 
 Jack pats John companionably on the shoulder and walks away. As he passes out of shot he walks past Owen’s station where he sits with Diane making notes. Diane smokes a cigarette looking relatively calm. 
 OWEN : Friends, erm, boyfriend ? 
 DIANE : Not really. Never stayed in one place long enough. 
 INT. HOSTEL ENTRANCE 
 A drab corridor - whitewashed brick walls, a payphone and a notice board, functional front doors, net curtains covering the glass. Jack opens the door and walks inside, John takes the door and holds it open while the others enter. Gwen quickly moves to stand next to Jack against the wall. Diane and Emma enter slowly, John moves behind them and they look around, downtrodden, like refugees. 
 INT. BEDROOM 
 A small, functional room with elderly décor and minimalist furnishing - a single bed, a bunk bed, wardrobe and small desk. Gwen pushes open the door to let Diane and Emma in. 
 GWEN : It’s a bit basic. 
 DIANE : Not when you’ve slept in barracks. 
 Diane and Emma out down their small bags and remove their coats. Diane trying to smile at Gwen, knowing she’s attempting to help, but failing to show any humour. 
 INT. ANOTHER BEDROOM - CONCURRENT. 
 A similar room. John stands beside one bed, his case open, Jack standing nearby watching as John removes his belongings. 
 JOHN : I was gonna close a deal on a shop in Dublin tomorrow. 
 Jack smiles warmly at John, interested to hear his stories. John speaks quietly, regretful. 
 JACK : What do you trade in ? 
 JOHN : Er, food, knickknacks, essentials. 
 John takes a small radio from his case and fiddles with it a little. Jack leans in to help. 
 JACK : What’re you after ? 
 JOHN : Oh the music. 
 Jack adjusts the dials and classical music plays. He smiles at John and steps away. John picks up a camera and shows it to Jack. 
 JOHN : There’s photographs of my family in here. 
 JACK : I’ll see what I can do. 
 JOHN : Don’t worry Captain Harkness, I’ll look after the ladies. 
 John shakes Jack’s hand. 
 JACK : Call me Jack. 
 INT. GIRL’S BEDROOM 
 Gwen leans on the bunk bed watching Emma unpack. They hear girls laughing and then a slammed door. 
 EMMA : Who else is here ? 
 GWEN : Couple of young girls, pretty dress. 
 Emma walks past Gwen to the wardrobe carrying a dress and puts it neatly into the wardrobe. Gwen smiles warmly at Emma, chatting, making her comfortable. 
 EMMA : Thank you. I made it myself. 
 GWEN : Where are you from ? 
 EMMA : Bristol. 
 GWEN : What were you goin’ to Dublin for ? 
 EMMA : Oh, Auntie Nora’s ill, and Uncle Finn can’t manage the children. It’ll be good practice for when I have children of my own mum says. 
 Gwen continues smiling as Emma walks back to her case. Once Emma’s back is turned Gwen’s smile drops, wondering at Emma’s attitude for her age and that Emma does not seem to have grasped the day’s events. Emma picks up a well worn teddy bear from her case and hugs it to her, back to Gwen. 
 EMMA : She’s gone next door, so uncle Finn can telephone, she’ll know I’m missing by now. 
 GWEN : Emma, she found out in 1953. Over 50 years have passed. 
 Gwen speaks to Emma as kindly as she can, not wishing to upset her but needing to remind her of the truth. Emma turns to look at Gwen, her eyes brimming with tears. She drops down to sit on the bed, still holding the teddy bear. 
 EMMA : What will she think happened ? 
 Gwen sits next to Emma on the bed. 
 EMMA : Must have been like one of those murders where they never find the body. 
 GWEN : They seem to think the plane went down in the sea. 
 Emma starts to cry and Gwen puts her arm across Emma’s shoulders, comforting her as best she can. 
 INT. THE HUB - DAY 
 Jack and Gwen stand in front of the guests. Gwen handing them passports. 
 JACK : These’ll be your means of identification for the authorities, we set up bank accounts for you, but for now we’ll be giving you a daily allowance so you can practice with the currency and money management. 
 Diane, John and Emma flick through the passports while Jack speaks. John and Diane read their new identities from the passports, unimpressed with the change of name. Emma is smiling with childish excitement at the change. 
 JOHN : David Ward ? 
 DIANE : Sally Anne Hope. 
 EMMA : Debra Morrisson, and it’s spelt how Debra Carr spells it. 
 JACK : Your background story should incorporate the stories you already have, for instance John, you could have run a corner shop. 
 JOHN : No. 
 Jack’s smile is lost, he doesn’t understand why John is upset at the name changes. 
 JACK : We can fake references. 
 JOHN : You can‘t take away our names, for God’s sake man, it’s all we’ve got left. It’s my son’s name, the name above my shop. 
 John throws the passport down on the table staring at Jack with contempt before he walks out. Jack rolls his eyes, looks at Gwen and follows John out of the room sighing. Annoyed at John causing them difficulty, although he understands how John feels - Jack’s in the same situation. Jack walks over to John, a short distance away and puts a hand on his shoulder. 
 JACK : You’re right. I didn’t think, you should keep your name. 
 EXT. SUPERMARKET ENTRANCE 
 Ianto leads John, Diane and Emma across the car park towards the supermarket. 
 IANTO : I’d suggest you use twenty five pounds for your food and twenty pounds for your luxuries, like cigarettes, magazines. 
 EMMA : My dad only made ten pounds a week. 
 IANTO : Things are a lot more expensive now. 
 Ianto walks to the automatic doors, he stands a little behind the others letting them watch other people go through the doors with wonder. 
 DIANE : How does it do that ? 
 IANTO : It’s automatic. It knows you’re there. 
 DIANE : But how ? 
 IANTO : There are wave bouncing detectors which emit high frequency radio waves and then look for… 
 Diane makes the door work as Ianto talks, then spots something in the shop and walks towards it with a huge smile. 
 DIANE : Bananas ! 
 IANTO : Of course bananas are for more interesting. 
 Emma follows Diane into the store, walking past Diane who is picking up bananas in wonder, not having seen one in years. John stands with Ianto at the entrance. 
 JOHN : Look at all this, we’d just got rationing in ’53. 
 IANTO : Yeah, sorry, we are a consumer society. 
 JOHN : It’s bloody fantastic ! 
 They each wander around the store, marvelling at the produce, Emma gazing at an isle of cakes, Diane looking at the shelves of televisions, trying to stroke a bird which appears on the screen, and John looking at the newspapers and magazines. 
 EMMA : How much food money have I got left ? 
 IANTO : Fifteen pound forty. 
 Emma smiles and starts piling sweets into her basket, pulling them off the shelves quickly and randomly. 
 IANTO : Twelve pounds ten, you’ll ruin your teeth. 
 EMMA : You sound like my mum. 
 Across the store Diane is looking at a DVD which she has pulled from its box, Emma and Ianto join her, Emma looking at the DVD curiously. 
 DIANE : They sell films in boxes and you can watch them at home. 
 EMMA : I love going to the pictures. 
 Ianto walks past them towards John who is still looking at magazines. He picks up a magazine with a picture of a woman on the cover wearing only a bra. 
 JOHN : Good God ! 
 IANTO : Welcome to the wonderful world of scantily dressed celebrities. 
 Emma has moved on and now stands next to the makeup section holding a package reading the cover. 
 EMMA : Super ex waterproof luscious lashes mascara. I have got to have that ! 
 John still holds the magazine up. 
 JOHN : There’s children around ! 
 IANTO : She’s a children’s TV presenter. 
 Having made it to the check out, Ianto looks through Emma’s purchases. 
 IANTO : So you like your musicals ? 
 EMMA : My best friend Katie and I went to see Calamity Jane five times. I’ve got the LP. 
 Ianto moves past her to the end of the till and helps John to pack. Diane arrives back from the cigarette counter looking concerned at the packet. 
 IANTO : You alright ? 
 She holds up the packet ‘Smoking kills’ emblazoned across the bottom. 
 DIANE : What does that mean ? 
 EXT. MILLENNIUM STADIUM - LATER THAT DAY 
 Ianto stops the car outside the stadium, John next to Ianto and Diane and Emma in the back. John gets out of the car. 
 JOHN : Just gonna take a look at the stadium, you girls stick together now, I’ll be back for supper. Ianto drives away leaving John standing looking at the stadium. Once he has gone, John turns and walks away from the stadium. 
 CUT TO : 
 John stands before a narrow, boarded up house standing alone on a street corner, appearing to be awaiting demolition. A man walks past John. 
 JOHN : Excuse me. Do you know a man called Alan Ellis ? He used to live here. 
 MAN : Nah, sorry mate. 
 The man walks on, leaving John to his sorrow. 
 INT. HOSTEL - KITCHEN - DAY 
 Emma stands at the kitchen table cutting open tea bags and poring the contents into a teapot. Diane looks in the microwave, then leans against the sideboard at a loss. 
 DIANE : I’m going to check on the plane this afternoon, want to come ? 
 EMMA : I’m going to watch this. 
 Emma picks up a DVD from beside her and shows it to Diane. 
 EMMA : And maybe make some paper chains. 
 DIANE : I wonder what work I can get in aviation. 
 EMMA : I’m going to have to find a husband. 
 Two girls enter the kitchen through the back door, laughing loudly. They quiet as they enter the kitchen, one of them walking past Diane and Emma to grab two mugs and make a drink. 
 ALESHA : Alright. I’m Alesha, this is Jade. 
 JADE : Alright. 
 EMMA : Emma. 
 DIANE : Diane. Excuse me, I have to get ready. 
 Diane leans forward open mouthed to see Alesha dumping teabags into the mugs and then poring in the water. She turns to look at Emma before leaving the room. Emma is happy, the same ages as these girls who are vastly different to herself. 
 ALESHA : Where do you get those shoes ? They’re lush. 
 EMMA : Thanks 
 INT. AIRCRAFT HANGER - LATER 
 The biplane sits in the hanger, Diane and Owen enter through the part open doors. Diane walks up the plane smiling broadly. 
 DIANE : Hello old girl. Did you miss me ? 
 Diane opens the door and picks up a pole from the pilot’s seat and hands it to Owen. 
 OWEN : I’ve er, been readin’ up on you. England to Australia, in four days 1952, that is impressive. 
 Diane takes the pole from Owen and hands him a rag. She works as she speaks. 
 DIANE : Yeah, terrible wind across the Bengal bay. 
 OWEN : Something you ate ? Ah, so how did you get into this ? 
 DIANE : Ferry planes during the war, of course when it was over we were supposed to revert to being dutiful wives and daughters, but I got a taste for it no pigheaded man was gonna tell me what to do. 
 OWEN : Oh. 
 Owen peers at the side of the plane, reading the name. 
 OWEN : Sky Gypsy ? 
 DIANE : After the engine. The de Havilland Gypsy six, a work of genius. Tuned with a higher compression ratio so it can squeeze far more energy from it’s air-fuel mixture. Can I take her up ? 
 OWEN : No. you could get arrested, you haven’t got a license. 
 DIANE : But I… bugger. It’s no longer valid. 
 OWEN : I guess I’m just another pigheaded man telling you what to do. 
 DIANE : Well, you better make it up to me. I want to learn all about this new world. 
 INT. A PUB - SAME DAY 
 Jack sits with John at small table drinking pints of water and beer respectively. 
 JOHN : Blackpool were three one down then Stanley Matthews worked his magic, scored two goals in the last twenty minutes, Bolton lost four three. My boy was on his knees punching the air. The FA cup final live in my own living room, I charged the lads a shilling each to come and watch. 
 JACK : Ever the businessman ay John ? 
 They are silent for a moment, each thinking their own thoughts, John filling his pipe. 
 JOHN : American accent isn’t it ? 
 JACK : That’s right. 
 JOHN : So how did you end up here ? Doing whatever it is that you do. 
 JACK : Long story. 
 JOHN : I’m a slow drinker. 
 Jack looks at the table, smiling slightly, not answering. 
 JOHN : You know everything about me. What’s the problem ? 
 JACK : It’s kinda complicated. 
 John looks at Jack, thinking while he smokes his pipe, knowing that Jack doesn’t belong on 21st century Cardiff any more than he does. 
 JOHN : What, did you fall through time too ? 
 JACK : Yeah, you could say that. 
 Jack raises his glass, unwilling to say any more, and they clink glasses to each other, comfortable in each other’s company, linked by their experiences. A barman walks past the table as John re-lights his pipe. 
 BARMAN : Sorry, you can’t smoke in here mate. 
 John blows out his match and looks at Jack, reminded one more how he doesn’t belong in this changed world. 
 INT. THE HOSTEL - COMMUNAL ROOM - SAME DAY 
 Emma and Jade put paper chains around an archway while Alesha sits on the settee making more chains. 
 EMMA : What are you doing Christmas Eve ? We could go carol singing. 
 Jade looks at Emma before walking to her friend, they both laugh. Jade picks up a can of larger. 
 JADE : Sorry love, I’ll be getting hammered. 
 EMMA : Where are your families ? 
 JADE : No idea. 
 ALESHA : We grew up in care. 
 EMMA : Like a children’s home ? 
 Alesha and Jade nod, quietly saddened. 
 EMMA : I haven’t got anyone else either. 
 JADE : What happened to ya ? 
 EMMA : My parents are dead, so I came down here to start afresh. 
 JADE : Didn’t they leave you a house or anythin’ ? 
 Emma’s eyes glitter with tears, finally accepting that she is now alone. 
 EMMA : No, I’ve got nothing. 
 ALESHA : Were you close with them ? 
 EMMA : Yes. I loved them very much. 
 Jade picks up another can of larger and walks over to Emma, holding it up to her with a smile. The only way she knows to comfort Emma and make everything better for a while. Emma smiles and takes the can, sips carefully then pulls a face at the taste. She smiles and Jade and Alesha laugh at her reaction. 
 INT. THE PUB - SAME DAY 
 John and Jack get up from the table and put on their jackets. 
 JOHN : Must have been an awful Christmas for them thinking I’d drowned. I just wanna know what kind of life he had, my son. He might have kids. I could be passing my own flesh and blood in the street. Find him Jack, he’s all I’ve got left. 
 Jack watches John leave the pub, frowning in concern. 
 INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - SAME DAY 
 Owen walks to the table he is shown, followed slowly by Diane who looks around. Owen sits down and Diane stands behind her chair with her hands behind her back, waiting. Owen looks uo at her. 
 OWEN : What ? 
 DIANE : I’m waiting for you to pull out my chair. 
 Owen laughs. 
 OWEN : Let me get this straight, you expect equality and chivalry ? 
 DIANE : I don’t see why they should be mutually exclusive. 
 OWEN : Well, if it makes you happy. 
 Owen gets up and walks around the table to pull out her chair. 
 OWEN : Your chair ma’m 
 DIANE : Thank you. 
 Diane takes out a cigarette while Owen sits back down. Owen picks up the lighter and offers Diane the flame smiling sarcastically. 
 DIANE : So, what further strides have women made ? 
 OWEN : Well, under strange but true, how about this: you don’t have to have s*x to have kids any more. 
 DIANE : What ? How come ? 
 OWEN : You get yourself inseminated with a sort of syringe, cheery little process. Seriously, men donate sperm anonymously, a little shuffle into a pot at a sperm bank, and they say romance is dead. 
 DIANE : Oh come on. I wasn’t born yesterday. 
 OWEN : No, but, for a bird who’s goin’ on ninety, you look pretty hot. 
 INT. THE HOSTEL - COMMON ROOM - LATER 
 Emma sits on the sofa with Alesha and Jade having watched Calamity Jane, smiling and happy. 
 EMMA : What was your favourite song ? 
 JADE : It’s hard to say. 
 EMMA : You know what mine was ? 
 Emma gets up and starts singing, dancing as if she’s in the film. Jade and Alesha laugh, entertained rather than at Emma. Alesha dancing along in her seat. 
 EMMA : I just flew in from the windy city, the windy city is mighty pretty, but he ain’t got what we got, I’m tellin’ you boys. 
 JOHN : What do you think you’re playing at ? I thought I could trust you to behave. 
 John is angry at Emma, acting unseemly for a girl of her age. Emma is chastised, Jade and Alicia suppress smiles on the settee. 
 INT. CHINESE RESTAURANT - LATER 
 Owen helps Diane into her jacket. 
 OWEN : Where d’you wanna go now ? 
 DIANE : Well… I’m in your hands. 
 OWEN : Er, well, we could go back to mine. You could read up about yourself on the ‘net. That’s sounds like a line, it’s not a line, I’m not chatting you up, not because I don’t think you’re attractive, cause you are, but because I wouldn’t want you to think that I was taking an advantage. 
 DIANE : Got any scotch ? 
 INT. THE HOSTEL - LATER 
 Gwen has arrived and stands next to Emma looking at John. 
 JOHN : I don’t see why she had to get you involved. 
 GWEN : She called me, she was upset. 
 JOHN : She was drinking. 
 EMMA : I only had half a glass. 
 John speaks as he sets the table for dinner and collects two meals from the kitchen hole. 
 JOHN : Enough to make a show of yourself. We’ve not meant to draw attention to ourselves, we’re not the same as them. We can’t trust anyone. 
 GWEN : Will you be okay now Emma ? 
 JOHN : Don’t worry. I won’t let her out of my sight again. 
 EMMA : I don’t like liver. 
 JOHN : Sit down young lady and be grateful for what you’re given. 
 Gwen is concerned and annoyed at the way John is speaking to Emma, Emma getting increasingly angry, and upset. 
 EMMA : And why should I listen to you ?... 
 GWEN : Emma. 
 EMMA : …only my dad gets to talk to me like that. I’m never going to see him again am I ? Or my mum. Or my best friend. Or my dog. And I miss them I hate this filthy, stinking place. 
 Emma crying storms from the room. Gwen looks to John, expecting him to do something. John picks up a napkin and prepares to eat, unconcerned at Emma’s outburst. 
 JOHN : I never had this trouble with my son. 
 Gwen walks out to find Emma, John looks after her then picks up his knife and fork, not knowing what to do. 
 INT. OWEN’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 
 Owen on his hands and knees, tries to tidy magazines and miscellaneous mess under the settee before Diane enters the room. 
 OWEN : Women have been to space too you know. 
 Diane leans on the doorframe watching Owen who opens a bottle of scotch. 
 DIANE: Do you have a girlfriend ? 
 OWEN : No. 
 DIANE : So, who do all those beauty products belong to ? 
 OWEN : Er, me actually. 
 Dianne laughs at him, Owen joins her laughing at himself, bringing her a glass of scotch. 
 DIANE : Oh. 
 OWEN : Oi ! Real men can moisturise to you know. 
 Diane walks across the room, looking around with her drink. 
 DIANE : It’s not very homely here. 
 OWEN : No, not really that much. Doesn’t seem worth the effort. 
 Diane walks across to the far window, putting down her scotch and lighting a cigarette while Owen watches her. 
 OWEN : You smoke too much. 
 DIANE : So I gather. Amelia Earhart, she disappeared in 1932. Think she’s still out there somewhere ? 
 OWEN : I doubt it. One in a zillion chance, you ending up here. 
 DIANE : A whole new world. 
 Owen walks over to look out of the window near to her. 
 OWEN : Oh it’s not so bad, once you get used to it. I recon you’ll fit in just fine. 
 Diane doesn’t look convinced that she will fit in, but knows she has to. She turns to Owen looking up at him through her eyelashes. 
 DIANE : I’m glad you don’t have a girlfriend. 
 OWEN : Me too. 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT - NIGHT 
 Gwen turns out a floor lamp and looks over at Emma who is wrapped in a duvet sleeping on the settee. Gwen turns out the light and walks upstairs. 
 INT. OWEN’S BEDROOM - LATER 
 Owen and Diane finish having s*x, both happy they lie next to each other. 
 OWEN : I take it that wasn’t your first time. 
 Owen smiles and Diane laughs before turning her head towards Owen, holding his hand. 
 DIANE : I had a lover, he was married. 
 OWEN : And you didn’t care ? 
 Owen turns to lie on his side, watching Diane as she speaks. 
 DIANE : Well, I was free to do what I liked and I didn’t have to cook and clean for him. Suited me, I’m not exactly marriage material. 
 OWEN : Yeah. I always thought the fifties were, that time, sexually repressed, you know. 
 Diane laughs turning to look Owen in the eye. 
 DIANE : You didn’t invent it you know. 
 OWEN : Can we do it again ? 
 DIANE : Don’t see why not. 
 OWEN : Could have an affair. We could be f*ck buddies. 
 DIANE : What’s a f*ck buddy ? 
 OWEN : It’s erm, it’s a friend that you have casual s*x with. 
 DIANE : There’s nothing casual about what we just did. 
 OWEN : Oh, no, no, I didn’t mean that. 
 DIANE : s*x shouldn’t be devalued. Both parties should give it one hundred percent concentration. Because when you take off together. It’s the next best thing to flying. 
 
 
 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT - MORNING 
 Rhys walks naked through the living room and into the kitchen area. Emma stretches on the settee, the noise disturbing her sleep. Rhys gathers some breakfast and walks back towards the stairs, past the end of the settee. Emma sees him and screams. 
 CUT TO : 
 GWEN’S KITCHEN - LATER. 
 Gwen makes cups of tea, Emma stands next to her in a robe. Rhys faces her across the table, also now wearing a robe 
 GWEN : Emma is my auntie’s step-daughter. She was meant to spend Christmas in Cardiff with a friend but they had an awful argument last night and er, she rang me. Got my number from mam. 
 Gwen silently preys Rhys will believe her then puts a cup of tea on the counter for him. 
 GWEN : The thing is, she doesn’t really wanna go back home so I thought maybe she could stay with us, got a lot to catch up on. 
 RHYS : For Christmas ? 
 Gwen standing a little behind Emma mouths at Rhys angrily “well you throw her out then, come on!...” Emma turns to Gwen and Gwen smiles at her before looking at Rhys. 
 RHYS : I’d better get a bigger turkey. 
 Gwen smiles happily then moves over to kiss Rhys. 
 GWEN : This is Rhys, my long suffering boyfriend. And, he lives here. 
 EMMA : Don’t your parents mind ? 
 GWEN : Emma’s parents are a bit religious. 
 RHYS : Oh, er, better not tell them you saw my morning glory then aye ? 
 Gwen laughs with Rhys as he leaves the room, as soon as the door closes Gwen speaks seriously to Emma. 
 GWEN : The thing is I couldn’t tell him your parents were dead. He’d ask to many questions. The thing is he doesn’t know exactly what I do. 
 Gwen gestures keeping it zipped to Emma and walks away, leaving Emma confused and questioning Gwen’s sanity in the kitchen. 
 INT. THE HUB - LATER 
 Gwen walks with Jack from his office through the hub. 
 GWEN : We can’t expect John and Diane to look after her. I mean they’re complete they’re complete strangers. I had to take her in, Diane didn’t even come home last night. 
 Owen walks in with a file of papers. 
 OWEN : Er, I think she was in a B&B. 
 Gwen walks away annoyed leaving Owen speaking to Jack. 
 OWEN : I’m gonna take her job hunting later if that’s alright ? 
 Owen sits down at his station and Jack walks over to Toshiko. 
 TOSHIKO : Jack, John’s son, I think I’ve found him. 
 INT. CARE HOME - MORNING 
 A nurse leads John through into the Care Home’s day room. 
 NURSE : Come and meet Alan, though I’m not sure how much help he’ll be to you. 
 John pauses at the door, looking a his son. He walks forward slowly watching the frail, elderly man slumbering in a narrow high backed chair. 
 NURSE : Alan. There’s someone here to see you. He’s a nephew on your father’s side, he’s been tracking down family history. 
 ALAN : Is Sally coming ? 
 NURSE: Sally’s his wife. She passed away a while back. Sorry this isn’t one of his better days. 
 JOHN : What’s wrong with him ? 
 NURSE : Alzheimer’s. 
 JOHN : What’s that ? 
 NURSE : He’s senile, he doesn’t remember who he is most of the time, couldn’t live at home any more he’d leave hobs on, forget to dress you know. He never had any children so there was no one there to look after him. 
 The nurse walks away, leaving a devastated John with Alan. John cries as he looks at Alan who stares straight ahead, not seeing anyone. 
 INT. CARE HOME - LATER 
 John shows Alan old family photos, John smiling with the memories, Alan not understanding or remembering. 
 JOHN : That’s you and your dad, playing footie out the back. That’s your dad and your mum and your new television set. 
 ALAN : When can I go home ? 
 NURSE : You’re not well enough love. 
 ALAN : I don’t like it here. They took my clothes. 
 NURSE : I’ll have a word, they’re probably in the wash. Keeps me going this one. 
 The nurse walks away again, John speaks as she moves away. 
 JOHN : What did he do for a living ? Was he in retail ? 
 NURSE : I think he was a fireman. 
 John turns to Alan with a smile and speaks quietly. 
 JOHN : That’s what I did, in the war. 
 EXT. AIR FIELD - DAY 
 Owen and Diane walk across the airfield between small planes. 
 DIANE : Sixty pounds for half an hour. 
 OWEN : Ah, no worries, I’ll pay. 
 Diane sees a type of plane she recognises and moves towards it, grinning and stroking the sides like an old friend. 
 DIANE : Sessker. That’s my first plane. Bought one after the war. They’ve hardly changed. A dream to fly. 
 OWEN : We’ll soon get you back behind the, throttle. 
 DIANE : Thanks Owen. 
 Dianne leans in and kisses Owen. 
 INT. CARE HOME - LATER 
 JOHN : Matthews did three setups in 20 minutes, and Bill Perry cracked home the winner. 
 Alan begins to lean forward, smiling slightly, a memory returning. 
 JOHN : You said he had wings on his feet. That’s why he was called a winger. You used to say clever things like that. 
 ALAN : Blackpool won. 
 JOHN : Yes ! Alan, it’s me, your dad. 
 Alan leans back in his chair, the memory gone. John cries, begging him to recall more. 
 JOHN : I bought you that football annual you wanted for Christmas, Alan. It was in my desk drawer. Alan please. 
 NURSE : Everything alright ? 
 JOHN : He remembered who won the FA cup final when he was a boy. 
 NURSE : He sometimes remembers snippets from his childhood, it’s quite common with dementia. 
 ALAN : When’s dad coming mum ? 
 NURSE : I’m not your mum, love. 
 JOHN : Alan. 
 John takes Alan’s hand, tears in his eyes and Alan looks towards him. 
 ALAN : Who are you ? 
 INT. THE HUB - LATER 
 Jack sits on the sofa in the hub reading a piece of paper with a picture of John on it. 
 JACK : John’s witnessing the end of his world, the end of line, and we can’t help. 
 Jack throws the picture onto the table in front of him, along side pictures of Diane and Emma. He speaks to Toshiko who stands nearby. 
 JACK : There’s no puzzle to solve, no enemy to fight, just three lost people who’ve somehow become our responsibility. 
 Jack shakes his head and leans back, not knowing what to do. 
 EXT. AIRFIELD - LATER 
 Diane and Owen stand next to a plane speaking to the flight instructor. 
 INSTRUCTOR : The best I can do is Friday the twenty-ninth at 3 o’clock. 
 OWEN : Can’t you take her up today ? 
 INSTRUCTOR : Fully booked. 
 DIANE : It’s alright, I’ve flown for years, I can go up on my own. 
 INSTRUCTOR : Not without a license, I’m sorry. 
 OWEN : Maybe you could cancel someone, we’ll pay extra. 
 INSTRUCTOR : I couldn’t do that to my regulars now could I ? 
 DIANE : Look, it’s fine, book me in for the twenty-ninth. It’s Diane Holmes. 
 Owen and Diane walk away across the airfield, Diane upset. 
 OWEN : Diane, I’m really sorry, I should’ve called ahead. 
 DIANE : For goodness sake this is so silly, it’s just I was really looking forward… ignore me, lets get out of here. 
 INT. A NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT 
 Emma stands in the middle of the dance floor of a crowded nightclub looking lost. A man walks over to her and speaks in her ear. Gwen and Rhys sit down across the nightclub. 
 GWEN : You think she’ll be alright though ? I don’t think she’s even had a proper boyfriend before. 
 RHYS : Gwen stop fussing, she’ll be fine, man. 
 Gwen kisses Rhys. Emma dances self consciously with the man. Gwen breaks off the kiss and picks up her wine. 
 RHYS : What’s that for ? 
 GWEN : For putting up with me. 
 RHYS : I deserve a lot more for doing that. 
 Gwen kisses Rhys then looks over her shoulder at Emma, they wave to each other and Gwen kisses Rhys again. Emma nods her head at the man and they walk from the dance floor. A little later Gwen walks through the nightclub searching for Emma, she sees Emma and the man sitting in an alcove alone, kissing, and walks over quickly, Followed by Rhys. Gwen grabs the back of the man’s shirt and pulls him off Emma. 
 GWEN : Oi, hands off. 
 Rhys moves the man out of the alcove and back into the main club. 
 RHYS : Go back to your friends, there’s a good boy. 
 GWEN : What are you playing at ? 
 EMMA : I wasn’t going to let him do anything. 
 GWEN : You might not have had much choice ! 
 RHYS : Come on Gwen, don’t you think you’re over reacting ? 
 EMMA : Just having a kiss and a cuddle. 
 GWEN : He was after a bit more than that. 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT 
 Gwen sits with Emma at the table, Emma looking through a magazine article about how to drive men wild in bed. 
 EMMA : This is disgusting. 
 GWEN : I just want you to know that people are more sexually aware these days, then maybe you’ll be more careful. 
 EMMA : Mum says that no man wants to marry soiled goods. 
 GWEN : Attitudes have changed. As long as it’s safe and between two consenting adults no one cares. 
 Gwen pauses to drink her tea and Emma regards her, a little haughtily. 
 EMMA : So, how many men have you, don’t it, with ? 
 Gwen chokes on her tea at the question, pausing before putting down her mug. 
 GWEN : A few. And… 
 EMMA : Were you in love with all of them ? 
 GWEN : No. s*x can just be about having a good time together. If you’re in the right mood, with the right guy, it’s the best. No big deal. 
 EMMA : So if I meet a boy, and we get on, he wants s*x, you think I should let him ? 
 GWEN : No, that’s not what I said. 
 EMMA : So, what are you saying ? 
 GWEN : s*x is nothing to be ashamed of. And as for you, well your first time should be with someone special. 
 EMMA : You wish you’d waited for Rhys, he’s your special someone, isn’t he ? 
 GWEN : Yes, yes I suppose. 
 EMMA : I bet s*x with him is better than with the others. 
 Gwen nods along happily then drops her smile at the end of the sentence. 
 GWEN : Well… 
 EMMA : I will wait for Mr Right I think. 
 GWEN : Umhum. 
 EMMA : I’m really not the kind of girl who sleeps around. Gonna brush my teeth. Thanks, for the chat. 
 Emma gets up and leaves the room leaving Gwen sitting at the table, uncomfortable. 
 INT. OWEN’S FLAT - DAY 
 Owen enters the flat carrying a posh bag from a shop. Diane sits on his settee near the window overlooking the Assembly, working on Owen’s laptop. 
 OWEN : Leave it. 
 Owen puts down the bag and starts taking off his jacket as Diane speaks. 
 DIANE : I can’t if I want to fly a jet plane, ‘cause that’s what flying is now, sitting on your backside pressing buttons. You used to have to know how to fix an engine, how to gauge the wind… 
 Owen slams the laptop closed, stopping her tirade. 
 OWEN : Leave it. 
 Owen holds out the bag for Diane to see. 
 OWEN : Open this. 
 Diane smiles and gets up to look in the bag, pulling out tissue and dropping it on the floor. She takes a beautiful dress from the bag and holds it up before her to look. 
 DIANE : That’s beautiful. 
 She kisses Owen in gratitude. 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT 
 Gwen stands in the kitchenette pouring a glass of wine. Emma enters the room wearing her jacket. 
 GWEN : Well, how did it go ? 
 EMMA : This coat I’m wearing is their latest fashion, 50s inspired. They offered me a job on the spot ! 
 Gwen claps her hands smiling and hugs Emma tightly. 
 GWEN : Oh, that’s brilliant ! Oh, now we need to find you a flat somewhere near here. 
 EMMA : The shop’s in a new branch in London. 
 Gwen’s smile fades at the mention of London, although Emma is excited at the prospect. 
 EMMA : I’ve always dreamt of working in a London fashion house. They open the day after boxing day, I’ll be a shop girl and a trainee buyer. I might get a house there, they’ve given me contact numbers. 
 GWEN : London’s a big city. 
 EMMA : That’s what my mum used to say. 
 GWEN : There’s no rush. 
 EMMA : There’s nothing to keep me here. 
 GWEN : I’m sure we can find you something in Cardiff. We’ll keep looking. 
 They clink their glasses and Emma drinks her wine but looks unhappy. 
 INT. THE HUB - RECEPTION 
 John enters the reception area through the hidden door, followed by Jack. 
 JOHN : …make a plan, get work, get my driving license. 
 JACK : It’ll all help. 
 John holds out his hand which Jack shakes. Jack smiles at John then walks back through the secret door, glancing back at John briefly. John stands in the reception area alone then with a sigh walks behind the desk and takes a set of keys off a hook on the wall. He walks back along the counter and Ianto enters through his beaded curtain at the side of the desk. John smiles at him. 
 JOHN : Er, I was looking for a bus timetable, I wanna go down to the DIY store see if there’s any work going. 
 Ianto looks briefly and hands John a timetable. 
 IANTO : Best of luck. 
 JOHN : Thank you. 
 Ianto watches John leave before returning to his office. 
 EXT. CAR PARK - NIGHT 
 Owen drives onto a rooftop car park and stops. He and Diane exit the car, Diane wearing the new dress Owen bought her and Owen wearing a suit, his tie around his neck but not tied. They walk slowly from the car. 
 DIANE : Where are you taking me ? 
 OWEN : We’re here. Bear with me. 
 Owen walks back to the car and opens the boot. 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT - NIGHT 
 Rhys sits on the sofa, unhappy. Gwen speaks as she and Emma enter the house. 
 GWEN : Oh, we have had such a girly day shopping. 
 Gwen sits down on the sofa next to Rhys and kisses him while Emma unpacks her bags in the kitchen. Rhys doesn’t smile. 
 GWEN : What’s up ? 
 RHYS : Your mum rang. Funny thing, she’s no idea who Emma is. 
 Gwen looks at Emma, then back to Rhys, feigned confusion. 
 GWEN : No ? 
 RHYS : And I’m thinking back to you and me on the couch. Work calls and you go out in the middle of the night, come back with a surprise relative. So let’s have it. Who exactly is Polly Anna ? 
 Gwen chuckles, trying to deflect the situation. 
 RHYS : Aww, is it to do with work ? 
 GWEN : It’s so hard to explain. 
 RHYS : Do you even know her ? 
 Gwen shakes her head slowly. 
 GWEN : She was lost, I’m sorry. 
 RHYS : What worries me is how easy it seems for you to lie to me, Gwen. 
 Rhys gets up to leave the room, Gwen open mouthed, unable to find anything to say. Emma walks over quickly from the kitchen to speak to Rhys. Gwen stands. 
 EMMA : It’s my fault. I’ll leave by tomorrow. 
 Gwen stands next to Emma. 
 GWEN : You don’t have to go. She’s eighteen years old ! I couldn’t turn my back on her ! 
 Rhys doesn’t answer but leaves the room and slams the door. 
 CUT TO : 
 GWEN’S FLAT – LATER 
 Gwen and Emma sit next to each other on the floor in front of the Christmas tree. Gwen hugs her knees to her chest while Emma ties a ribbon on a small box. 
 GWEN : It’s like two separate worlds. There’s Torchwood, then there’s real life. 
 EMMA : That’s why you’ve got to let me go. 
 EXT. CAR PARK - NIGHT 
 Two glasses of champagne are being poured, pan up to see Owen but down the bottle and pick up the glasses from the boot of his car. He walks over to Diane and hands a glass to her. 
 OWEN : I couldn’t help noticing you standing out here in that beautiful dress. 
 DIANE : This beautiful dress is a gift from my lover. 
 OWEN : Then he is a fool to let you go out in it alone. 
 Owen grins at her and she laughs a little, standing close together. 
 DIANE : What shall we drink to ? 
 OWEN : Chance meetings. 
 They tap glasses and drink. 
 CUT TO : same location, later. 
 Owen holds out his hand to Diane and they dance close, happy. Owen twirling Diane around. Diane looks up at the moon and wraps her arms around herself, Owen takes off his jacket and drapes it over Diane’s shoulders and holds her tightly, standing behind her. Diane looks over her shoulder at him, gazing into each other’s eyes. 
 DIANE : Lets go home. 
 CUT TO : 
 OWEN’S FLAT - LATER 
 Owen holds Diane close as they kiss passionately, Diane pushing him back against the floor-length window as much as Owen pulls her. They turn, Diane now against the window and Owen moves down her body, Diane smiling broadly. A phone rings. 
 INT. THE HUB - JACK’S OFFICE 
 The phone is ringing in Jack’s office. Jack climbs up from his room below his office, dusting his hands off before he answers the phone. 
 JACK : Hello. 
 CUT TO : 
 THE HUB - RECEPTION - CONCURRENT 
 Ianto crouches behind the desk speaking into the phone. 
 IANTO : My car keys are missing. John was behind the counter earlier on. And I can’t get hold of him. 
 CUT TO : 
 THE HUB - CONSECUTIVE. 
 Jack sits at a computer and brings up a map showing a red dot - Ianto’s tracked car. Jack frowns, Ianto stands behind him looking at the screen. 
 JACK : He’s gone home. 
 Jack stands up and as he does so Ianto moves to pick up Jack’s jacket, handing it over as Jack runs past, taking the jacket without really needing to look. 
 CUT TO : 
 TORCHWOOD SUV 
 Jack drives the SUV to John’s old house and pulls up outside. He gets out of the car and scans the area with his wrist cuff, looking around to locate John. He jogs to the front door and bangs on the boards. 
 JACK : John ! 
 Jack scans the area again and runs along the side of the house and around the back to a garage. John sits in the car, his head lolling to one side. The car filling with exhaust fumes. Jack pulls open the doors and runs to the car. 
 JACK : John ! 
 Jack pulls open the driver’s door and pulls John from the car. John leans back against the car and Jack holds his arms, keeping him against the car so he can’t run. 
 JACK : You can’t just throw it away, not without trying. 
 JOHN : I’m not as strong as you, you don’t understand. 
 JACK : I do. I was born in the future, lived in your past. My time is gone too. 
 JOHN : Why are you doing this ? Speaking to me in bloody riddles. Keeping me here when my wife is dead, my son is a shell. 
 JACK : John, you’re still young, you can get work, make friends, start a family. 
 JOHN : I did all that Jack, years ago, when I was meant to. 
 Jack releases John and steps back slightly. 
 INT. OWEN’S FLAT - BEDROOM 
 Owen and Diane in Owen’s bed having s*x, clawing at each other, holding on as if they both know it’s the last time. 
 INT. JOHN’S GARAGE 
 JACK : I wish I could say something. 
 JOHN : There’s nothing to say or do. 
 JACK : I can’t leave you here. 
 JOHN : Then we’ll wait, the sun will rise, we’ll have some breakfast, take a walk. 
 JACK : Yes, a new day. 
 JOHN : And I’ll suffer it all and, smile and wag my tail, and then as soon as your back is turned, I’ll make sure I do it properly. ‘Cause I want to die. 
 JACK : You don’t get reunited John. Just goes black. 
 JOHN : How do you know ? 
 JACK : I died once. 
 JOHN : Who are you ? 
 JACK : A man, like you, out of his time. Alone, scared. 
 JOHN : How do you cope ? 
 JACK : It’s just bearable, it has to be. I don’t have a choice. 
 JOHN : But I do. If you wanna help me, then let me go with some dignity, don’t condemn me to live. 
 JACK : Are you scarred ? 
 JOHN : Yes. 
 INT. OWEN’S FLAT - BEDROOM 
 Owen and Diane lie in bed. 
 DIANE : You’re very quiet. 
 OWEN : I don’t know if I can do this any more. This isn’t how it works for me. I’ve slept with enough women, I’ve done the f*ck buddies thing, this is not it. I can’t concentrate. All I see is you, all I can think about is what you’re wearing, what you’re thinking, what you’re… what you’re face looks like when you cum. It’s been what, a week? And er, it’s like, when I’m not with you, I’m, I’m out of focus. How have you done this to me ? I’m scarred. I’m f*cking scarred. 
 Owen looks away repeatedly throughout his speech. Diane leans on his chest and looks at Owen. 
 DIANE : I love you to. 
 Owen pulls Diane up into a delicate kiss and they hold each other. 
 INT. JOHN’S GARAGE 
 John and Jack sit beside each other in the car. Jack holds John’s hand as the car fills with fumes, watching John breath deeply. John’s hand falls away from Jack’s as he dies. 
 INT. OWEN’S FLAT - BEDROOM 
 Owen sleeps and Diane leans on her elbow watching him sadly. 
 DIANE : The thing about love, is that you’re always at it’s mercy. 
 INT. JOHN’S GARAGE 
 John’s head leans against the door, Jack sits next to him in the fumes, crying he takes John’s hand and rests it on his leg. 
 EXT. BUS STATION - DAY 
 Gwen and Emma walk towards the bus, Gwen holding the tickets. 
 GWEN : Now then these are your tickets, okay on the back is your seat number, keep this with you at all times. I’ve also got you return just in case. Now, don’t go talking to any strangers and call me as soon as you get there okay ? 
 INT. OWEN’S FLAT - BEDROOM - DAY 
 Owen wakes to find he is alone in bed. He looks around the room and finds a note on Diane’s pillow. He picks it up and reads. 
 EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY 
 Diane stands next to her plane, watching as Owen speeds towards her. She walks around the plane, making it ready to fly, as Owen stops the car. Owen gets out of the car quickly and walks over to her. 
 OWEN : No, I’m not letting you do this. 
 DIANE : I’m not a possession Owen. 
 OWEN : You can’t do this, it’s madness. 
 DIANE : If I’d listened to everyone who’d told me that I wouldn’t have broken any records. 
 EXT. BUS STATION 
 Gwen and Emma watch the bus pull up as they stand in the queue. 
 GWEN : You don’t have to go. 
 EMMA : If I don’t then I’ll always wonder what it’s like. London, Gwen. 
 Gwen pulls Emma into a tight hug, both of them crying but trying to fight tears as she hands over the ticket. Gwen nods towards the bus indicating that Emma should get on. Emma climbs on board as Gwen watches. 
 EXT. AIRFIELD 
 Diane continues making checks on the plane while Owen begs her to stay. 
 OWEN : Diane, you’re not thinking straight, we can talk about it. 
 DIANE : No. I’m sorry Owen. 
 OWEN : We can make this work! You belong here now with me. 
 DIANE : I belong in the sky. 
 OWEN : Well, we can get you up in the sky in a couple of months you can fly whenever you want. 
 DIANE : Look, weather conditions are the same as the day we arrived. That rift will open again, I can feel it. 
 OWEN : Listen to me. There is no way back, you cannot get home. 
 DIANE : Then it will take me somewhere new. 
 Diane moves away from Owen, leaving him standing watching after her. 
 EXT. BUS STATION 
 Gwen watches as the bus pulls away, waving to Emma who waves back smiling. Gwen moves alongside the bus. 
 GWEN : Merry Christmas ! 
 Gwen watches as the bus turns the corner out of the bus station then leans against the shelter wall smiling. 
 EXT. AIRFIELD 
 Diane sits in the pilot seat of her plane, Owen leaning in, still pleading with Diane. 
 OWEN : I’ll come with you. 
 DIANE : I fly solo, Owen. I go faster and further than others. 
 OWEN : We have no idea how this rift works, you could end up anywhere. 
 DIANE : That’s the beauty of it. 
 OWEN : It’s too dangerous ! 
 DIANE : It’s what I do. 
 Diane leans past Owen to close the door but Owen keeps the door open with his hand. 
 OWEN : What about me ? Please, please, don’t go. 
 Diane looks sadly at Owen and puts her scarf around his neck before kissing him. 
 DIANE : What memories I’m taking with me. 
 Owen looks at her, fighting back tears as he realises he cannot make her change her mind. He steps back shakily from the door and Diane pulls it shut and starts the plane. She looks at Owen and blows him a kiss before pulling down her goggles and starting to taxi away. Owen steps back from the plane to watch her. 
 INT. JOHN’S GARAGE 
 Jack remains sitting in the car, remembering his time with John. 
 INTERCUT : 
 Gwen’s memories of Emma and Owen’s memories of Diane. 
 EXT. AIRFIELD 
 Owen watches Diane take off and disappear into the white light of clouds. 
 CLOSING CREDITS 
 GUEST CAST : 
 Diane Holmes - Louise Delamere / John Ellis - Mark Lewis / Emma Louise Cowell - Olivia Hallinan / Alan Ellis - Sam Beazley / Nurse - Marion Fenner / Alesha - Janine Carrington / Jade - Rhea Bailey / Flying Instructor - Andrew MacBean / Barman - Ciaran Dowd. 
 Please note that this script has been re-produced as accurately as possibly for [www.torchpedia.co.uk Torchpedia] from the televised episode. It is not a transcript of the original script by Catherine Tregenna. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 