Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 1x01 - Everything Changes - Torchwood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 1x01 - Everything Changes https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=175&t=10885 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/26/06 14:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 1x01 - Everything Changes 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 OPENING CREDITS 
 FLYOVER CARDIFF. Shot pauses and zooms in on an area of the city. 
 CUT TO EXT. STREET - NIGHT  
 Heavy rain pours down, it is dark. Floodlights come on and a body can clearly be seen lying in the street, SOCO (Scene of crime officer) and police officers are milling around the scene. 
 CUT TO :  
 Two police officer’s standing in the rain, a male and a woman. The male is holding a cup of coffee. 
 GWEN : Oh, hot. 
 Gwen takes the coffee. 
 PC : Gwen, there's not enough. You didn't order. 
 Gwen walks away towards another police officer. 
 PC (off camera) : What do I do now ? 
 GWEN (calls back) : Well I've only just arrived so tough. Who is it ? 
 PC ANDY : I dunno, some bloke. You going to stop over on Friday ? 
 GWEN : I dunno, what is it ? Drinks ? 
 PC ANDY : A bit of pizza I think. 
 GWEN : Might do, yeah. 
 Police Officers move SOCO, "SOCO leaving scene" can be heard from the police radio. 
 PC ANDY : Ay ay, what’s happening here then. 
 POLICE OFFICERS : On you go. Come on now. 
 PC ANDY : Move back if you could, thank you. 
 He starts moving people back, moves away from Gwen who is left to watch on her own. 
 GWEN : Hey what's going on ? 
 Gwen speaks in general to anyone then walks up to SOCO. 
 GWEN : Excuse me sir, what is it, what's happening ? 
 SOCO : Buggered if I'd know, it's orders from above. 
 GWEN : But the body is still there though, isn't it though. You can't just leave it. 
 SOCO : Move back they said. Clear the site. Special access they said. 
 GWEN : For who ? 
 SOCO : Torchwood. 
 A black SUV pulls into the site. Four people get out, Jack, Suzie, Owen and Toshiko. They walk past the police and stand by the body, rain still pounding down. 
 GWEN : Who's Torchwood ? 
 SOCO : Special op's or something. 
 He glances at Gwen's coffee. 
 SOCO : That hot ? 
 GWEN : Huh ? Oh yeah, have it. But they're not allowed in there, they could contaminate the evidence and all sorts. I mean how can they... 
 SOCO : Don't ask me. There's no procedure anymore. It's a f*cking disgrace. 
 The SOCO walks away with Gwen's coffee. Gwen stares after him and then looks at the Torchwood team. Jack turns in her direction but does not appear to be looking at her. Gwen tries to see what they are doing. She looks up and sees a multi story car park. 
 INT. FLIGHTS OF CONCRETE STAIRS 
 Gwen runs up the stairs and into the car park a few floors up. She goes to the edge of the car park floor and leans over the balcony, and starts to watch and listen to them. Gwen overlooking body and Torchwood team. 
 EXT. ALLEY NEXT TO THE BODY 
 Torchwood around the murder victim. 
 JACK : There you go, I can taste it, oestrogen. Definitely oestrogen. (He looks up slightly, dripping with rain). You take the pill flush it away, it enters the water cycle. Feminises the fish.  
 Suzie pulls a gauntlet from a crate and puts it on. 
 JACK : Goes all the way up into the sky and then falls all the way back down onto me. Contraceptives in the rain. Love this planet. Still least I won't get pregnant. Never doing that again. 
 Jack looks at Suzie. 
 JACK : How's it going ? 
 SUZIE : Nothing yet, its got to connect. I just gotta feel it. 
 OWEN : Then hurry up and feel it. Freezing my arse off here. 
 SUZIE : I can't just flip a switch ! It's more like access, it, it grants me access. 
 OWEN : Whatever that means. 
 SUZIE : It's like, oh, oh, oh, oh. 
 The glove starts to glow, working. 
 JACK : Positions... 
 OWEN : If I get punched again, I'm punching him right back. 
 JACK : Just concentrate. Suzie... 
 Jack nods at her and then Suzie places her hand under the corpse's head. The rain stops around them and the lights get brighter. The corpse breathes out. Gwen looks down, she is shocked. 
 BODY : There was, I was, I was, I was… oh my god what‘s goin' on ? 
 TOSHIKO : Listen to me, we've only got 2 minutes so it's important that you listen, ok... 
 BODY : Who are you ? 
 TOSHIKO : Trust me. You're dead. 
 BODY : How am I dead ? 
 OWEN : You were stabbed. 
 BODY : I'm not dead, I can see you. 
 TOSHIKO : We've brought you back, but we haven't got long. I'm sorry but you've got to concentrate. Who did this to you ? What did you see ? 
 BODY : But why am I dead ? 
 TOSHIKO : Who attacked you ? 
 BODY : I don't want to be dead ! 
 SUZIE : 60 seconds. 
 TOSHIKO : You've got to think, just focus on me. What was the last thing you saw ?  
 Jack sighs, clearly frustrated. 
 BODY : I didn't see anything. I dunno. 
 TOSHIKO : Who killed you ? Did you see them ? 
 BODY : I dunno. There was something behind me. 
 OWEN : Police said one stab wound in the back. 
 TOSHIKO : So you didn't see anything. 
 BODY : No. 
 There is a long pause, each Torchwood member looks at the body. 
 BODY : What happens now ? 
 SUZIE : 30 seconds. 
 TOSHIKO : But he didn't see anything. 
 SUZIE : Don't waste it. 
 TOSHIKO : What else do I say ? 
 JACK (crouching down) : What's your name ? 
 BODY : John. John Tucker. 
 JACK : Ok John. Not long now. 
 BODY : Who are you ? 
 JACK : Captain Jack Harkness. Tell me what was it like when ya died ? What did ya see ? (Pause) John, tell me what you saw. 
 SUZIE : 10 seconds. 
 BODY : Nothing... I saw nothing... Oh my god there's nothing.  
 John stops breathing, his head falls back into Suzie’s hands, dead once more and the rain resumes falling heavily. Gwen stares at them from above. 
 SUZIE : sh1t ! 
 OWEN : I said it was stupid telling him he was dead. 
 TOSHIKO : Well you try it. 
 OWEN : Trust me. Like that's gonna work. 
 JACK : Told the last corpse he was injured and he wasted the whole two minutes screaming for an ambulance. Maybe there's no right way of doing it. 
 Jack looks up, straight at Gwen and calls out. 
 JACK : What do you think ? 
 CUT TO : 
 Gwen standing at the car park wall looking over. 
 Gwen leans back shocked when Jack sees her. She runs across the car back and back onto the street. She bends down breathing shallow, shocked and confused. 
 CUT TO: 
 ARIEL VIEW OF CARDIFF 
 INT. GWEN'S FLAT - LATER THAT NIGHT 
 Gwen enters pauses in the entrance and then goes upstairs and walks towards the sofa. Rhys, her boyfriend, is sitting watching TV. 
 GWEN : Still up ? 
 RHYS : In 'ere. They said on the news murder in the city centre. Were you there ? 
 GWEN : No. I dunno, nothing to do with me… How come you’re still up though ?  
 Gwen sits next to Rhys and kisses him on the forehead. Clearly they are an established couple. 
 RHYS : Oh, Banana Boat came round. He was saying he's got plans. He's off again next summer. 
 GWEN : How come you’re not pissed then ? 
 RHYS : Ooo, well we 'ad a cup o' tea. He's read this thing about diabetes. Me and him 'avin tea, that's middle age that is. There's some Chinese in the fridge. 
 GWEN : No I’m not hungry. You coming to bed ? 
 RHYS : Just finish here. This man's found his sister. 
 GWEN : I'll see you in a minute.  
 Gwen walks away. 
 CUT TO : 
 GWEN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 
 Gwen lying awake in bed unable to sleep. 
 ARIEL CARDIFF - DAY 
 INT. POLICE OFFICE - CARDIFF - DAY 
 Gwen enters and sees a colleague walking down the stairs carrying files. 
 GWEN : Yvonne, can you do me a favour ? Can you a search for me ? 
 YVONNE : Join the queue. 
 GWEN : It's a Captain Jack Harkness, can you check him out ? 
 Gwen passes Yvonne and starts to walk up the stairs. 
 YVONNE : I'm busy. See's there's proper channels, Gwen. What sort of Captain ? 
 GWEN : Dunno, just a Captain. 
 YVONNE : If I get time. 
 GWEN (calls down stairs) : Thanks. 
 INT. POLICE MURDER INVESTIGATION ROOM - CARDIFF 
 Police officers are looking at crime scene photos pined to a wall and discussing the facts of the case. Gwen enters carrying a tray of tea and coffee. 
 OFFICER : Sarah Palaster, 72. Murdered in her front room. Rani Ghosh, 45. Murdered in Robin Tree Alley and now John Tucker, 19, murdered in Sangavalith Lane. There's absolutely nothing linking these three victims. Apart from the way they died. As far as we can tell, all with the same weapon. A blade, approximately 8 inches long, 3 inches deep. 
 YOUNG COP : The two women were stabbed from the front but John Tucker was stabbed from behind. What does that tell us about the killer ? 
 OFFICER : That he's a coward. 
 EXT. A STREET - DAY 
 Gwen and Andy exit police car and walk towards a pub. 
 GWEN : But those people last night. The people in the car. Who were they ? What's Torchwood ? 
 PC ANDY : I dunno, special ops. 
 GWEN : Yeah but what does that mean ? 
 PC ANDY : Bet you ten quid they're DNA specialists. It's all DNA these days. Like that CSI bollocks. CSI Cardiff, I'd like to see that. They'd be measuring the velocity of a kebab. 
 Gwen and Andy enter the pub. A bar brawl is in progress. Gwen and Andy enter and try to separate the combatants. 
 ANDY : Thank you very much. Thank you... 
 Gwen is pushed aside and knocked over, she bangs her head on a pillar and appears to be in pain. 
 INT. HOSPITAL - CARDIFF - DOCTORS ROOM - LATER THAT DAY 
 A doctor is treating Gwen’s head injury. Gwen walks out of the doctors room holding her head, she sees a man running up the stairs, she believes him to be Jack. She follows him up the stairs, running. Upon reaching the top of the stairs Gwen finds a plastic-sealed doorway and Jack has disappeared. She hears a door bang open below her and looks over the stairs to see a porter. 
 GWEN : 'Scuse me. Sorry. It's all sealed off up there. Who did that ?  
 Gwen indicates the sealed door. 
 PORTER : I thought it was you lot. 
 GWEN : But what's it for ? What's happened. 
 PORTER : I dunno. 9 o'clock this morning it was all sealed off, they never said. Chemicals or something.  
 The porter walks off, Gwen enters through a gap in the plastic of the sealed off door. 
 GWEN : Hello ! 
 Gwen walks forward and sees a figure at the end of the corridor. 
 GWEN : Sorry I'm just looking for someone... 
 Gwen cautiously approaches, talking to the figure. 
 GWEN (to self) : Yeah, right, clever... 
 A weevil remains motionless except to tilt it's head at her. 
 GWEN : Anyway I dunno if you saw a man come through here. A tall man, in one of those big sort of military coats. Ok. If you could answer, this is official business. 
 Gwen notices the man appears to be wearing a mask. 
 GWEN : You alright ? That's good. That's a good mask sort of thing… Look I'm sorry if I'm interrupting something, but we can stop this now, ok ? It's all very well playing silly buggers but I'm busy, alright. Now I'm looking for a man in a big grey coat. I said we can stop being silly.  
 The weevil opens its mouth and hisses. The porter enters the corridor and walks towards Gwen. 
 PORTER : Ah, there you are. I did ask but I saw Doctor Mahieb cos I thought it was him said about the police, but he said no and then I said about the chemicals and he said don't be so stupid, "what chemicals ?" So I dunno, could be anything.  
 The porter walks towards Gwen and notices the Weevil. 
 PORTER : Who've you got with you there then ? So much for sealing it off. Oh, ha, there's a face, nice one, oh tell ya mate you should try plastic surgery. Not on the NHS mind.  
 The Porter glances from the weevil to Gwen. 
 PORTER : You alright ? 
 GWEN : Yeah. 
 PORTER : Bloody hell that is brilliant. That's like, erm, Hellraiser ! That's first class that is ! 
 The porter stands close to the weevil and indicates the teeth. 
 PORTER : Look at that ! It’s just like real teeth.  
 The weevil grabs the caretaker’s head and bites into his neck, blood spurts from his pierced jugular. Enter Jack, Owen and Suzie. Jack grabs Gwen and runs down the corridor with her. 
 JACK : Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ! 
 INTERCUT WITH : 
 Shots of Owen and Suzie subduing the weevil and putting a black plastic bag over it’s head. Jack stops at the end of the corridor. Gwen continues running out of the corridor and down the stairs. She stops running in the hospital entrance hall. Gwen goes into the hospital car park sees the Torchwood SUV. The SUV leaves the car park at speed, honking the horn to move her from their path. Gwen begins to run after it and then gets into a police car and pursues. PC Andy, eating, sees her drives past. 
 ANDY : Oi ! 
 EXT. OVERVIEW - CONTINUOUS  
 The police car follows the Torchwood SUV along the motorway. 
 GWEN (VO) : Registration, Charlie Foxtrot 06. 
 INT. POLICE CAR 
 Gwen driving and speaks into the police radio. 
 GWEN : Foxtrot Delta Uniform. 
 OFFICER (over radio) : Charlie, Foxtrot 06, Foxtrot Delta Uniform. Erm, hold on I think Yvonne wants a word. 
 INTERCUT WITH INT. POLICE STATION CONTROL ROOM – CONCURENT 
 Yvonne stands in front of a bank of screens showing CCTV footage and speaks into the radio. 
 YVONNE (over radio) : No sign of a Captain Jack Harkness. 
 GWEN : Did you search outside Cardiff ? 
 YVONNE : No that never even occurred to me. Course I did ! I went nationwide. There are about 15 Jack's and John's with that surname, none of them a captain. 
 GWEN : S'pose he could've made it up. 
 YVONNE : The only Captain Jack Harkness on record was American. 
 GWEN : That's it, he's American. 
 YVONNE : Which you forgot to tell me. 
 GWEN : So who is he ? 
 YVONNE : American volunteer, Royal Air Force 133 squadron. ’Cept he disappeared. Vanished off the records, presumed dead. 
 GWEN : When was that ? 
 YVONNE : 1941 at the height of blitz. The morning of January the 21st 1941, Captain Jack Harkness failed to report for duty. Never seen again until now. What's going on Gwen, you seeing ghosts ? 
 EXT. IN FRONT OF MILLENNIUM CENTRE - DAY  
 Gwen following the SUV in police car. The SUV pauses, Jack, Suzie, Owen and Tosh exit the vehicle and the SUV departs. Gwen parks in the middle of the square and exits the vehicle and shouts after Torchwood. 
 GWEN : You lot. Oi Torchwood !  
 The Torchwood team ignores her and continues walking. Gwen starts to follow and is approached by a security guard. 
 SECURITY : Oi ! You can't leave that there ! 
 GWEN : Police ! 
 SECURITY : I can see that love and you're still not leaving it there.  
 Gwen looks over at the Millennium Fountain and notices the Torchwood team have vanished. Gwen walks towards the fountain. 
 SECURITY : I'm talking to you ! Excuse me ! Move your bloody car !  
 Gwen wanders around the fountain trying to see how they could have disappeared. 
 INT. POLICE CAR – A SHORT TIME LATER 
 Gwen is speaking into her radio. 
 GWEN : Did you get anything on that registration ? 
 OFFICER (over radio) : No such number. 
 GWEN : What does that mean ? 
 OFFICER (over radio) : It doesn't exist, double checked for Swansea, triple checked. There's nothing, no such vehicle. But Temple's been asking 'bout you Gwen. You in trouble ? 
 PC Andy enters Gwen‘s vehicle. 
 PC ANDY : I have walked ! I have bloody walked !  
 They share a glance, Gwen appearing apologetic. 
 EXT. MILLENNIUM FOUNTAIN – SHORT TIME LATER  
 Gwen stands next to the Millennium Fountain. 
 GWEN : They were here and then they were gone, and look there's nowhere to hide, they just disappeared !  
 Andy stands near, arms folded. 
 PC ANDY : Temple's not just livid he's doing his nut. 
 GWEN : There was a man I'm telling you. There was this porter, he was in a porter's uniform and he was killed,or at least he was injured, he must have been injured ! Right in front of me ! This man in a mask sort of lashed out and... 
 ANDY : I've told you, all hospital staff present and correct. 
 GWEN : I saw it. 
 PC ANDY : That's sick. Gwen, sweetheart think about it, what sort of story is that ? You're not well, come with me I'll take you home. 
 GWEN : They were here... 
 PC ANDY : Come on. 
 Andy puts his arm around Gwen’s shoulder and guides her to the car. 
 CUT TO : 
 CCTV footage of Gwen and Andy returning to the car. 
 SHOTS OF CARDIFF 
 INT. GWEN'S FLAT - LATER SAME DAY 
 Gwen enters the living room / kitchen and sees Rhys cooking. 
 RHYS : Look at me, cooking. Hot pot ! Or as ze French call it, 'ot pot.  
 Gwen smiles fondly and kisses Rhys. 
 GWEN : I should've phoned. I've gotta work. 
 RHYS : You should be off sick. 
 GWEN : I know. But they were short and there's a match on tonight. I said I'd take another shift, I'm sorry. Forgive me, go on, forgive me, say you forgive me. 
 RHYS (smiles) : Yeah... 
 Gwen kisses Rhys. 
 GWEN : I gotta go. 
 ARIEL CARDIFF 
 EXT. MILLENNIUM FOUNTAIN - NIGHT  
 Gwen is walking round the millennium square fountain, trying to see how Torchwood could have got away earlier. She notices a pizza delivery bike drive past. 
 CUT TO : 
 CCTV footage of Gwen, on hub computer screen. 
 INT. JUBILEE PIZZA – SAME NIGHT  
 Gwen enters the pizza shop. A young lad works behind the counter. 
 GWEN : Scuse me, Gwen Copper, CID. I'm making some enquiries ‘round the bay. I need to check some people out on your list if that's ok. I don't supposed you deliver to a Captain Jack Harkness. 
 PIZZA LAD : Ah, I dunno. 
 GWEN : Well could you 'av a look ? 
 The man behind the counter checks the computer. 
 PIZZA LAD : No. He's not a regular anyway. 
 GWEN : J. Harkness or just Harkness. 
 The pizza boy checks the computer again. 
 PIZZA LAD : No. 
 GWEN : Ok, never mind. Thanks anyway. 
 Gwen starts to leave Jubilee Pizza then turns back to the counter 
 GWEN : I don't suppose you've got a Torchwood ? 
 PIZZA LAD : Oh aye ! We do them all the time. They're good customers. 
 EXT. CARDIFF BAY - NIGHT  
 Gwen walks along the bay carrying pizza boxes. 
 INT. TOURIST INFORMATION OFFICE – LATER THE SAME NIGHT 
 Gwen enters the reception area and looks around. A man enters through a beaded curtain behind the desk and smiles at Gwen. 
 GWEN : Oh hiya. Sorry I'm late. Someone ordered pizza. 
 IANTO : Who's it for ? 
 GWEN : I think it's a Mr Harkness.  
 Gwen flinches as the door she entered through closes behind her. Ianto presses a button behind the desk and a part of the wall opens to reveal a passageway. Gwen looks surprised. 
 IANTO : Don't keep 'em waitin'.  
 Gwen goes to the doorway and glances back at Ianto. He inclines his head in encouragement. Gwen walks cautiously down an ill lit brick passageway. A door opens at one end of the corridor, Gwen walks towards it and enters a lift. She goes down several storeys. She exit’s the lift and goes through a large cog shaped door ahead of her. Camera pans right, around the Hub. The cog door and some bars slide shut behind Gwen. She glances at them and then notices a cylindrical container in which a hand is held in pale blue bubbling liquid. The Torchwood members working at their stations. 
 CUT TO : 
 Someone welding, the mask is removed to reveal Suzie. 
 CUT TO : 
 Jack on the balcony walk down the stairs and into his office. Gwen walks towards Jack’s office door past Toshiko and Owen who are on the computers. Gwen approaches slowly and they start laughing, Owen turns round on his chair to face Gwen. 
 OWEN : I can't do this, I'm sorry. I'm rubbish. I give up. 
 TOSHIKO (pointing) : He set me off. 
 SUZIE : Well that lasted nought point two seconds. 
 OWEN : Mmm, she's actually carrying pizza. 
 JACK : Come on ! She was gonna say here's your pizza and I was gonna say how much ? And she says oh, whatever, 20 quid and I say ooo… I don't have any money. I was working on a punch line, I'd have got there, but it would have been good. 
 GWEN : There's your pizza, I think I better go. 
 JACK : I think we've gone past that stage. 
 SUZIE : You must have been freezing out there, how long you walking round ? Three hours ? 
 GWEN : You could see me ? 
 SUZIE : Mhmm. 
 JACK : And before we go any further. Who the hell orders pizza under the name of Torchwood ? 
 OWEN : Err, yeah, that would be me. Sorry I'm a twat. 
 GWEN : That man at the hospital ? That porter ? What happened to him ? That was real wasn't it, he was attacked ? 
 JACK : He's dead. 
 GWEN : But there's no one gone missing. 
 TOSHIKO : I took the body, retrospectively changed the work rota. Planted a false witness who saw him leaving the hospital, giving him an alibi for the next 48 hours so that when his body is pulled out of the docks next Tuesday night, he's only been missing for three days. 
 GWEN : He was murdered. 
 TOSHIKO : Yeah. 
 GWEN : And you covered it up. 
 TOSHIKO (shrugs) : It’s my job. 
 GWEN : And that other man, John Tucker. Last night in the alleyway, I saw you... 
 JACK : And what did you see ? 
 GWEN : You revived him. 
 JACK : No. What did you see ? 
 GWEN : You resuscitated him. 
 JACK : No. What did you see ? 
 GWEN : You brought him back to life. 
 JACK : Yeah. 
 GWEN : Who are you ? 
 JACK : Torchwood. 
 GWEN : What's Torchwood ? 
 JACK : This is Torchwood, all around you. 
 Jack indicates the Hub. 
 GWEN : And what happens to me ? 
 JACK : Ohh... 
 GWEN : I'm police. Constable Gwen Cooper. You can't do anything. 
 JACK : Alright PC Cooper. Do you want to come see ? 
 GWEN : See what ? 
 JACK : You saw the murder. Come and see the murderer.  
 Jack walks away, expecting Gwen to follow. Gwen pauses and Suzie notices her expression. 
 SUZIE : Go with him. 
 Gwen puts the pizza down on a sofa and follows Jack. 
 GWEN : What is Torchwood ? Who are you ? What is this place ?  
 Something screeches above Gwen and she ducks. 
 GWEN : What was that ? 
 TOSHIKO (bored) : Pterodactyl. 
 JACK (off screen) : Are you coming ? 
 
 
 
 INT. TORCHWOOD CELLS 
 Jack opens the cell block door and enters followed by Gwen. The line of cells are dark, the paint on the wall flaking off. The cells have one clear wall, facing the corridor, with air holes. They walk to the end of a line of cells and Jack switches on the light to the end cell. Gwen looks in and jumps when she sees the Weevil inside. 
 JACK : It's alright. It's safe. It's sedated. It's called a weevil, or at least we call them weevils. We don't know their real name because they're not too good at communicating. But we got a couple of hundred of them in city. Living in the sewers, feeding off the… well it's the sewers you can guess. But every once in a while one of them goes rogue, comes to the surface, attacks. Actually it's been happening more and more and we have no idea why. But it's alien. Look into its eyes. 
 Jack gets a stool for Gwen and helps her sit. He remains standing behind her. 
 JACK : There you go. Take your time. It was born on a different world and it's real.  
 Gwen stares into the weevil's eyes. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD HUB CENTRAL - SOMETIME LATER 
 Jack and Gwen stand in the centre surrounded by the rest of the team at their stations. Jack makes introductions. 
 JACK : Owen Harper, Gwen Cooper. 
 OWEN : Dr. Owen Harper, thank you. 
 JACK : Toshiko Sato, computer genius. Suzie Costello she's second in command, and this is Ianto Jones. He cleans up after us and gets us everywhere on time. 
 IANTO : I try my best... 
 JACK : And he looks good in a suit. 
 IANTO : Careful. That's harassment sir. 
 GWEN : But why are you telling me their names, I'm not supposed to know am I ? This is classified isn't it ? 
 JACK : Way beyond classified... 
 GWEN : Then you shouldn't be telling me. What're you going to do to me ? 
 JACK : What do you imagine ? 
 GWEN : Well I've seen too much. Your names and everything and the weevil... you can dump a man in the water a lie about his death... 
 JACK : Ok, Tosh finish that calibration tomorrow morning. Owen first thing get hold of Chandler and Belle because I think they're lying. Ianto, if he needs back up then you better be on stand by. Suzie, I know it's a pain in the ass but I need the costing on the glove research... And as for you, you're coming with me. This way. 
 Jack looks at Gwen and then walks way, again expecting Gwen to follow. 
 GWEN : I'm getting tired of following you. 
 JACK : No you're not and you never will... 
 He turns to look at her then steps onto a stone platform. 
 JACK : Stand on here, come on, with me. 
 Jack holds out his hand to Gwen, helps her step onto the platform and then puts his arm around her. 
 TOSHIKO (off screen) : Goodnight ! 
 OWEN (off screen) : Later ! 
 JACK : Now, you came in through the front door, lets take the scenic route. 
 Jack presses a button on his wrist cuff and the ceiling 4 stories up opens. The platform starts to move upwards. Gwen grabs Jack‘s arm to steady herself. Suzie looks up at them as the platform rises. 
 EXT. IN FRONT OF MILLENNIUM FOUNTAIN - CONTINUOUS 
 Jack and Gwen stand on the platform, which now appears to be a normal paving slab. They are apparently in clear view of the passing pedestrians. 
 GWEN : But... but they can see the lift. Why aren't they, I mean, we are right out in the open they can see everything. 
 JACK : Do they look like they can see us ? 
 GWEN : No but look at us, we couldn't be anymore public. 
 Jack shouts at a passer by. The man does not notice them. 
 JACK : Hello ! Hey you there ! Hello ! It's called a perception filter, he can sort of see us but we don't quite register. Just like something in the corner of your eye. It only works on this exact spot. Step off... 
 Jack moves from the platform and waves at a passing lady who stares at him. 
 JACK : Hi ! Nice night. Ooh, and low we are perceived. 
 GWEN : How does it work ? 
 JACK : No idea. We know how to use it, not how it happens. But if I were to guess I would say it was once a dimensionally transcendental chameleon circuit placed right on this spot which welded it's perception properties to a spacio-temporal rift. Now that sounds kinda ridiculous. Invisible lift has got more of a ring to it don't you think ? 
 GWEN : But hold on, if no one can see it when the lifts coming up, there's a bloody big hole in the floor, don't people fall in ? 
 JACK : That is so Welsh. 
 GWEN : What is ? 
 JACK : I show you something fantastic, you find fault.  
 Jack walks away followed by Gwen. 
 ARIEL VIEW CARDIFF 
 INT. A BAR  
 Gwen and Jack are sitting at the bar. Gwen drinks deeply from her pint glass. 
 GWEN : The thing is I just don't understand. 
 JACK : No I'll tell you what I don't understand. You're going to rattle on with this “how can this be true ?” kinda shtick. What's it going to take for you people. If you want evidence of aliens, how about that great big space ship hovering over London on Christmas day ? What about the battle of Canary Wharf, a Cyberman in every home ? 
 GWEN : My boyfriend says it's like some kind of terrorism. Like they put in drugs in the water supply, psychotropic drugs causing mass hallucinations and stuff. 
 JACK : Yeah, well your boyfriend’s stupid. 
 GWEN : Oh you've met him ?  
 Jack laughs and sips his water. 
 GWEN : So you catch aliens ? 
 JACK : Yep. 
 GWEN : You catch aliens for a living. 
 JACK : Yes we do. 
 GWEN : You're an alien catcher. 
 JACK : Yes I am. 
 GWEN : Caught any good aliens ? 
 JACK : Tones of them. 
 GWEN : That's a hell of a job. 
 JACK (laughs) : Sure is. 
 GWEN : This is so weird. And who are you then ? 
 JACK : Captain Jack Harkness. 
 GWEN : I did some research and there's only one Captain Jack Harkness on record and he disappeared in 1941. 
 JACK : Well that couldn't be me... could it ? We don't just catch aliens; we scavenge the stuff they leave behind, find ways of using it, arming the human race for the future. The 21st century is when it all changes and you gotta be ready. 
 GWEN : But who's in charge of you, is it the government or what ? 
 JACK : We're separate from the government, outside the police, beyond the United Nations cuz if one power got hold of this stuff, they could use it for their own purposes. 
 GWEN : But so could you. 
 JACK : All alien technology stays on the base no one's allowed to take anything outside. 
 INT. TOSH’S KITCHEN - CONCURRENT 
 Toshiko enters and takes an alien device from her handbag. 
 INT. OWEN’S BATHROOM - CONCURRENT 
 Owen getting ready to go out, he removes a bottle from his bathroom cabinet. 
 INT. SUZIE’S HOME - CONCURRENT 
 Suzie removes the metal glove from her bag. 
 INT. BAR - CONSECUTIVE 
 Gwen and Jack sitting in the bar drinking. 
 GWEN : So go on then, how the hell did you end up in Cardiff ? 
 JACK : This is Torchwood 3. Torchwood 1 was London, destroyed in the battle. Torchwood 2 is an office in Glasgow, very strange man. Torchwood 3, Cardiff, Torchwood 4 has kinda gone missing but we'll find it one day. 
 GWEN : So you just fancied Cardiff ? 
 JACK : There's a rift in space and time running right through the city. The weevils didn't come on a spaceship, they kinda just, slipped through. All sorts of things get washed up here, creatures, time shifts, space junk, debris. Flotsam and jetsam. 
 GWEN : Sounds like Cardiff... 
 JACK : Hey, hey, hey, don't knock it I'm a citizen. 
 GWEN : But where are you from ? 
 JACK (shrugs) : All sorts of places. 
 GWEN : The thing is we could liaise on this, this serial killer. I could be like your liaison with the police. 
 JACK : Right I can see the mistake : you think that because we turned up at the scene of crime we're out to catch the killer. 
 GWEN : Uhhuh... 
 JACK : Sorry, nothing to do with us. 
 GWEN : Then what were you doing there ? 
 JACK : Testing the glove, we need murder victims, simple as that. The glove only works on the recently deceased. The more violent the trauma the stronger the resurrection. All we needed was fresh meat. 
 GWEN : No you were asking that man John Tucker, I saw you. You were asking him about his killer… 
 JACK : He'd just been murdered. What else are you gonna ask ? 
 GWEN : You could get an ID, you could help. 
 JACK (shrugs) : We're busy. 
 GWEN : And your work is more important ? 
 JACK : Now you got it. 
 GWEN : Well that's tough sh1t cos if you let me go then I have a duty, I can tell them what you've got because that glove could help us. 
 JACK : If you remember. 
 GWEN : What do you mean ? 
 JACK : How’s your drink ? 
 GWEN : Have you poisoned me ? 
 JACK : Don't be so dramatic. It's an amnesia pill, my own recipe, with a touch of denial and a dash of Retcon. Wake up tomorrow morning and you'll have forgotten everything about Torchwood, worst still you'll have forgotten me. Which is kinda tragic. 
 Gwen appears shaken. She gets up leaves the bar. Jack follows her onto the street and calls after her. 
 JACK : Don't think you can fight it by staying awake, I mixed in a little sedative to. 
 GWEN : Then I'll tell someone... 
 JACK : Do you really wanna do that ? Do you really want us to come and find them too ? 
 GWEN : You b*st*rd ! 
 JACK : Language ! Nice knowing you Gwen Cooper.  
 Jack winks at her and walks away. Gwen watches his go then runs away. 
 EXT. A CAR PARK ENTRANCE / EXIT RAMP 
 Gwen runs up the ramp away from the car park. 
 EXT. A STREET 
 Jack walks slowly up the street, hands in his pockets. 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY - LATER 
 Gwen feverishly begins typing everything she has learnt about Captain Jack Harkness, Torchwood and the glove onto her computer in an attempt to conserve the knowledge. 
 INT. A BAR - SAME EVENING 
 Owen stands at the bar, he looks over and sees a girl further down the bar. He moves to talk to her. 
 OWEN : Hello. 
 LINDA : Alright. 
 OWEN : You having a good time ? 
 LINDA : I was. 
 OWEN : Can I buy you a drink ? 
 LINDA : No thanks I'm fine. 
 OWEN : Am I wasting my time ? 
 LINDA : I dunno, are you ? 
 OWEN : Look I've gotta be up early, I've got a hell of a day tomorrow and I really can't be bothered with all the chat. 
 Owen sprays his face with liquid from the bottle he took earlier. 
 OWEN : So do you want a drink or what ? 
 The girl’s attitude markedly changes. suddenly finding Owen irresistible she kisses him passionately. 
 LINDA : Bloody hellfire ! You're coming home with me you are. Right now. 
 The girl pulls Owen’s lapels and drags him from the bar. 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY - LATER THE SAME NIGHT 
 Gwen continues typing details about Torchwood onto her computer. 
 INT. TOSHIKO’S HOUSE – CONCURRENT 
 Toshiko is scanning the spine of a book (A Tale of Two Cities) from her bookcase. She then moves to the computer and places the alien scanner alongside. The contents of the books appear on the computer screen - the pages flipping. 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY 
 Gwen continues typing. 
 INT. SUZIE’S HOUSE - CONCURRENT 
 Suzie uses the glove to resurrect a fly which has died on the window sill and it flies away. 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY 
 Gwen types "Read this !" She is struggling to stay awake. 
 EXT. A STREET NEAR TO THE BAR - CONCURRENT 
 Owen and Linda are walking from the bar. Her boyfriend sees them and jogs over. 
 COLIN : Oi you b*st*rd, come 'ere. Linda what do you think you are doing with him ? What the f*ck do you think you're doing with him ? 
 LINDA : I'm taking him home and I'm having him, now piss off. 
 COLIN : What the f*ck do you think you're doing with my girlfriend you b*st*rd. 
 OWEN : Hey, I didn't know. She was on her own, she never said. 
 COLIN : You tosser, you f*cking tosser. 
 LINDA : Colin, button it. He's mine. 
 COLIN : Do you wanna have a go do you ? Wanna have a go ? Well come on then mate. 
 OWEN : Well if it makes it easier... 
 Owen sprays his face with the alien liquid again. The boyfriend’s expression changes and he kisses Owen. 
 COLIN : I'm so having you. 
 LINDA : I'm having him first. 
 OWEN : Taxi ! 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY 
 Gwen begins to fall asleep, her typing flawed and her vision blurring. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD HUB 
 Ianto hacks into Gwen's computer. "Gwen Cooper - Home Intercept" is written on his screen. 
 INT. GWEN'S STUDY - CONCURRENT 
 Gwen’s document is highlighted, deleted from the screen and the computer powers down. Gwen, confused, tries to type on the powerless keyboard, then falls asleep over the computer. 
 EXT. WIDE ANGLE VIEW OF ALTOLUSSO APARTMENT BUILDING - CONCURRENT 
 Shot closes in. Jack is standing on a narrow structure jutting horizontally from the roof of the building. 360 degree shot widening to view of Cardiff. 
 INT. GWEN’S STUDY - NEXT MORNING 
 Gwen is slumped over her computer. Rhys enters with a cup of tea. Rhys kisses Gwen’s hair and she wakes, still groggy. 
 RHYS : Did you get pissed ? 
 GWEN : No. What time is it ? 
 RHYS : 7:30. You said you were working last night. 
 GWEN : I was. 
 RHYS : Then how come you fell asleep in here ? 
 GWEN : I haven’t... I was, typing. That is work... 
 RHYS : Not having a go, just saying. It's not exactly clever going out on a lash when you've just had a bang on the head. Hope you didn't drive in that state... who were you with ? Diane ? 
 GWEN : Must have been yeah. 
 INT. POLICE STATION ENTRANCE - LATER THAT MORNING 
 Gwen enters, followed by Yvonne. 
 YVONNE : Had any luck ? 
 GWEN : With what ? 
 YVONNE : Captain Jack Harkness. 
 GWEN : How’d ya mean ? Who's he ? 
 YVONNE : Oh don't worry about me. Go ahead, wasting my time !  
 Gwen walks up the stairs looking confused by the conversation. She walks upstairs and down a corridor, she walks past another police man. 
 OFFICER : Hi 
 GWEN : Hi. 
 Gwen enters an office where plain clothes police are working at desks. 
 DI JACOBS : Aye aye, come to see where the real work's done. 
 GWEN : Yes sir. That's right sir, how's it going ? 
 DI JACOBS : Sod all. 
 Gwen sees a diagram of a knife. 
 GWEN : Is that the murder weapon ? 
 The officer nods and stands to join her looking at the picture. 
 DI JACOBS : Clever mind. They worked it all out on the computer. Took measurements from the stab wounds; calculated the shape of the blade and stuff, even those prongs. I dunno how they do it. Nasty lookin’beast though. Do you recognise it ? 
 GWEN (shakes her head) : No. 
 DI JACOBS : We're trying to trace it. Can't be that many of them. Sort of, ornamental. We're checking the CV logs with customs in case it's been imported. Find the knife we might find the killer, well if it rings any bells give us a shout. 
 GWEN : Yeah, thanks.  
 Gwen leaves the office and walks through the police station. 
 INTERCUT WITH :  
 images of the drawing of the knife as she walks. 
 EXT. A ROOF CAR PARK - LATER 
 Gwen and PC Andy stand. PC Andy is telling an anecdote, Gwen is not listening, she is thinking about the knife. 
 INT. GWEN’S FLAT - LATER THAT DAY 
 Rhys is preparing dinner, Gwen sits at the table. Gwen is not really listening to Rhys; again thinking of the knife. She appears to be remembering seeing it before. Rhys talks while handing out dinner. 
 INT. GWEN’S BEDROOM - THAT NIGHT 
 Gwen lies in bed thinking about the knife. The alarm clock reads 2.01. She gets out of bed and goes to her study. She draws a picture of the knife on a piece of paper. She finishes it, looks at it, screws it up and throws it in the bin. She leans back in her chair. She sees the knife again. A magazine of events at the Millennium Centre on her desk attracts her attention. She has written ‘remember’ on the cover. 
 EXT. IN FRONT OF MILLENNIUM CENTRE - NIGHT 
 Gwen is walking outside the millennium centre, she sees a figure near the fountain, the figure appears as Suzie and Gwen remembers the knife. She then remembers a welding mask, and Suzie removing the mask. Gwen does not yet remember clearly. 
 SUZIE : Hello again. You were right, you told Jack we should liaise with the police I was the only one who bothered, so, I was the only who saw the report. 
 Suzie pulls the knife out of her bag. 
 SUZIE : You got a good likeness. 
 GWEN : I'm arresting you for... How do I know you ? 
 SUZIE : I thought you might've seen it and that can trick the amnesia, just one specific image if you're clever. He said you were good. Anyway it's not much good now, I can’t really... 
 She gestures with the knife. 
 SUZIE : You're going to put up a fight so I've got... 
 She searches her handbag. 
 SUZIE : Erm hold on... sorry. 
 She pulls out a gunand drops her bag. 
 SUZIE : There that's better. 
 She points the gun at Gwen and cocks it. Gwen looks terrified. 
 GWEN : Put it down... 
 SUZIE : You had to come back... 
 GWEN : Put don't the gun. 
 SUZIE : You're the only one who can make the link…well the only one in public. Torchwood's gonna find out by morning, but I'll be gone. I don't know where, far away... What am I going to do ? I loved this job, I really loved it. And now I've got run. Oh, Christ ! How can you do any other job after this ? 
 GWEN : Please put down the gun. 
 SUZIE : It gets inside you, you do this job for long enough and you end up thinking... how come we get all the, the weevils and bollocks and sh1t. Is that what alien life is ? Filth ? Then maybe there's better stuff out there, brilliant stuff, beautiful stuff. Just... But they don't come here. This planet's so dirty, that's all we get, the sh1t. 
 GWEN : I don't know what you're talking about. 
 SUZIE : I wish I could forget. 
 GWEN : Why did you kill those people ? 
 SUZIE : For the glove. 
 Suzie steps forward. 
 GWEN : Just stay where you are. 
 SUZIE : I needed the bodies, that's how it works, violent death. It was so easy. To bring them back I just positioned myself behind the head so they never see me twice. 
 GWEN : You killed 3 people. 
 SUZIE : It was the only way. The more I use the glove, the more I control it... 
 GWEN : I don't understand what glove ? Where have I seen you before ? 
 SUZIE : If I can get enough practise, then think what the glove could do. If I could get it to work all the time, on anything, beyond two minutes, if I could get it to work permanently, it could resurrect. Resurrection on demand for the whole world, isn't that good ? 
 Jack rises up on the invisible lift between them. 
 SUZIE : Isn't it though ? Well that's what I've been working for. All day, all night, the rest of them go swanning about while I'm working. You gotta get inside this stuff. Surrender yourself to it, I did with the knife and the glove, and that's why the perception filter isn't going to work on me... 
 Suzie turns and shoots Jack in the forehead, he collapses. Gwen is shocked, he seems to have appeared from nowhere. 
 GWEN : What... who is he ? Where did he come from ? What have you done... 
 Suzie points the gun at Gwen and cocks it. 
 GWEN : Please don't... 
 SUZIE : I can't let you go. 
 She steps over Jack’s body and towards Gwen. 
 GWEN : Please... 
 SUZIE : I’ve got to... 
 Gwen begins to sob in fear, hands clutching her hair. 
 SUZIE : I'm sorry, I've got, I've got to... I’ve got to... 
 Jack stands up behind Suzie. A bullet wound in this forehead heals as Gwen watches. 
 JACK : Put down the gun. 
 Suzie turns to look at Jack. 
 JACK : Suzie, it's over, now come with me... 
 Jack offers her his hand to Suzie. Gwen looks on disbelieving. Suzie turns to look at Gwen and then puts the gun under her chin and pulls the trigger, she collapses, instantly dead. 
 GWEN : I... remember. I remember. 
 Gwen falls to the floor. 
 INT. JACK’S OFFICE THE HUB - LATER THAT NIGHT 
 Ianto puts the glove and the knife into a secure box tagged "not for use" and puts the box in Jack‘s safe. Owen and Toshiko put the alien devices they had taken onto Jack's desk. 
 INT. TORCHWOOD MORGUE 
 Jack zips up Suzie's body bag, puts it into one of the many freezer units and walks away. 
 EXT. ROOF OF MILLENNIUM CENTRE - DAWN 
 Jack and Gwen are standing on the roof talking. 
 GWEN : Owen and Toshiko, you didn't tell them that you were shot in the head and survived. 
 JACK : You didn't tell them either. Followed my lead. Keep doing that and you might just get through this. 
 GWEN : But she killed you... 
 JACK : I can't die. 
 GWEN : Ok... 
 JACK : But I can't... Something happened to me a while back, long story and far away. But I was killed, and then I was brought back to life and ever since then, I can't die. 
 GWEN : But how ? 
 JACK : I dunno. One day I'll find a doctor, the right sort of doctor and maybe he can explain it, but until then... 
 GWEN : Nothing kills you ? 
 JACK : Well, kinda freaks people out, so, best if you don't say anything. 
 GWEN : It doesn't matter anyway, you'll only wipe my memory again. 
 JACK : Why would I do that ? Torchwood's got a vacancy. Job going spare, do you want it ? 
 GWEN : But... what do you need me for ? 
 JACK : Because maybe you were right, we could do more to help. What do you think ? Wanna join up ? 
 GWEN : ...Yeah. 
 Gwen turns to look at the city. Jack smiles. 
 GWEN : I do yes. 
 CLOSING ARIEL VIEW OF MILLENNIUM CENTRE 
 The pterodactyl flies over the centre. 
 END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 