Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x06 - Series 3, Episode 6 - Broadchurch 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x06 - Series 3, Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=117&t=34503 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/03/19 10:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x06 - Series 3, Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Broadchurch We had a client 11 months ago, she never reported it. 
  It sounds very similar to the attack on Trish Winterman. 
  We've got a serial rapist who's been preying on women for two years and nobody's even known it was happening. 
  The police came to see me. 
  They know about us. 
  Hi, Dad. 
  - I need to borrow the old laptop. 
  - It's Mum's computer. 
  - You should ask her. 
  - I'm sure you're right Now, I am Danny's dad, for God's sake! 
  I'm not going to stop until I know I've done right by him. 
  Mate, we've spoken about this. 
  - Dad, I can't sleep. 
  - No? 
  Well, that's not gonna help, is it? 
  Do you wanna play, then? 
  Don't tell your mum. 
  Right, what are we doing here? 
  You worried about your exams? 
  Is that what's keeping you up? 
  Don't worry about it. 
  Just do your best. 
  That's all we can ask you know. 
  Nobody's gonna fault you if you do your best. 
  You'll be all right then. 
  You've got everything ahead of you, Dan. 
  You're gonna have such a brilliant life. 
  - Hello? 
  - Beth. 
  Oh, I'm sorry. 
  I thought you'd have it turned off. 
  I was just gonna leave you a message. 
  Trish, are you all right? 
  I feel like I'm sinking, Beth. 
  It's not a straight road. 
  Some days will be harder than others. 
  You're strong, Trish. 
  I'm so impressed with you. 
  I hate myself. 
  I don't wanna be in my body. 
  I don't wanna be in my head. 
  Don't torture yourself. 
  How long is this gonna last, Beth? 
  Is this how I'm gonna be for the rest of my life? 
  I can't keep my mind still. 
  He's made me so scared. 
  It's not fair. 
  I know. 
  It's not. 
  Okay, so the Chief Super's coming in for a Gold Meeting first thing. 
  Got to get everything straight. 
  Before these reports of non-recent attacks, who were lining up as our key suspects for the attack on Trish Winterman? 
  Right. 
  So, we've identified 65 men we know were present at the party. 
  Through alibis and witness statements, we've ruled out 42. 
  So we're left with people like, erm Ian Winterman, ex-husband, bad relationship. 
  Jim Atwood, slept with her that morning, might've been worried his wife's gonna find out at the party. 
  So he rapes her? 
  I don't think that follows. 
  You said to make a list, I'm not saying it's perfect. 
  Lucas, cab driver, previously had a drink with Trish. 
  He lied in interview about the night of the attack. 
  - Er Leo Humphries? 
  - All right. 
  Your mate, twine boy. 
  Dodgy alibi, connections with loads of people at the party, supplies local businesses with blue twine. 
  Now he's got no connection to Trish, or Cath or Jim. 
  He wasn't present at the party. 
  We'll dig into why his girlfriend's covering for him. 
  That doesn't mean he was at Axehampton. 
  Oh! 
  Text from Bob. 
  "Uniform have being called to a disturbance at Jim Atwood's garage. 
  Jim's been beaten up. 
  Is this of any interest to us?" Yes, it is. 
  Get your coat! 
  He walks in and launches at me. 
  Slow down. 
  Who did? 
  Ed bloody Burnett. 
  Punching, kicking, he had me pinned on the floor. 
  Ed Burnett did this to you, out of the blue? 
  Yeah, out the blue. 
  Walked in, not a word, had a crack and then he left. 
  Even bloody took a cloth to wipe his hands on. 
  You've no idea what this was about? 
  Don't start quizzing me. 
  I'm the victim here. 
  Get after Ed Burnett and lock that bloody psycho up. 
  When you find out what this is all about, come and tell me, with a bit of bloody sympathy. 
  - Quite the pasting he gave him. 
  - Oh, typical! 
  A woman gets attacked and the men go round butting horns, making it about them. 
  - What are you two doing here? 
  - Take a wild guess. 
  Jim Atwood claims that you attacked him at his garage earlier this evening. 
  This is a waste of your time. 
  Did you take a cloth from Jim? 
  - Dunno what you're talking about. 
  - I'll stay and look for it. 
  - Stand up and face the wall. 
  - Come on. 
  You don't need those. 
  I've seen Jim's injuries. 
  Stand up, please. 
  What caused you to leave there and head to the garage? 
  I don't want to discuss it. 
  Mr. 
  Burnett, let's be clear about one thing. 
  This is not a discussion. 
  This is a formal police interview, after which we will decide whether or not to charge you. 
  So anything you have to say in mitigation or explanation as to your actions towards Jim Atwood tonight, say it now. 
  'Cause otherwise, it just looks to me like you attacked a man - for no reason. 
  - It wasn't no reason. 
  What made you drive over there and attack him that viciously? 
  He slept with Trish Winterman. 
  No, no, no. 
  You've gotta be kidding me. 
  Katie, can you get the DI out of the interview room  
  - for me, please? 
  - You'll have to do it yourself. 
  Are you refusing to do what I just asked you? 
  Yeah, I am. 
  You are in so much sh1t when I get back here. 
  So Cath Atwood asked you to beat up her husband? 
  No. 
  - She knew you were going to? 
  - No. 
  DI Hardy, I need to talk to you urgently outside. 
  What? 
  Do you not see I'm in the middle of something? 
  Yes! 
  But I might have something important. 
  Recovered from the farm shop. 
  Florist cards identical to the one that was on the flowers left at Trish's house. 
  I'm gonna have them and the original checked for Ed's prints. 
  Beetroot? 
  You brought back Oh! 
  Exactly. 
  All the farm-grown vegetables sold in the shop are bundled together with blue twine. 
  So if I test these fibres against fibres found in Trish's wrist wounds  
  - I need to talk to you both  
  - Not now, Harford. 
  I should have told you a while back. 
  Should have told us what? 
  Ed Burnett's my dad. 
  - Tell me you're kidding. 
  - No. 
  The man we have in custody. 
  - I didn't think it mattered. 
  - He's a suspect! 
  - But he - He was on your list! 
  I checked with him at the start and he said he didn't know anything. 
  Do you know what you've done? 
  You have to leave immediately. 
  Do not touch anything. 
  Do not take anything. 
  Don't speak to anyone or contact anyone in any way. 
  In fact, give me your mobile phone. 
  Put that in a sealed evidence bag. 
  - Sir, I promise, I  
  - No. 
  Keep your mouth shut. 
  We have a suspect in custody and you cannot be here. 
  I understand. 
  Oh, really? 
  Really? 
  You understand how you might have screwed this investigation? 
  If we find out Trish's attacker has any connection to you, this will never stand up in court! 
  And you will have to answer not only to me, not only to the Chief Super, but to the women that he's attacked. 
  Get out now! 
  What do you want us to do, if it turns out Ed really did this? 
  Ed Burnett has just admitted that he attacked Jim Atwood because he found out that Jim slept with Trish. 
  So you put that with this evidence. 
  We need a full search of his house. 
  Are we done? 
  Can I go? 
  No. 
  We've got a lot more questions. 
  Ed Burnett, I am further arresting you in connection with the rape of Trish Winterman at Axehampton House. 
  Katie Harford? 
  But she's one of the group I earmarked to go To stellar prospects. 
  Yeah. 
  Brought through on your recommendation. 
  - Oh, God. 
  So this is my fault? 
  - Never crossed my mind, ma'am. 
  If it's any consolation, I think she was just stupid, not bent. 
  OK. 
  If I were you, and I'm not in any official capacity saying that you should do this Do the Gold Meeting. 
  Don't get into any detail with the rest of the team. 
  And after it, before you make your press statement, go outside, get some air, maybe a coffee And if you happen to bump into Katie Harford, which you might, get things straight. 
  Find out what she's been across, what she said to the suspect, so you know what you're dealing with. 
  You've got an hour and then I need to alert the DPS. 
  How likely is it this bloke is the perpetrator? 
  - He's our prime focus right now. 
  - Course he is. 
  Defence would have a party with this in court. 
  I'm not letting this compromise us. 
  No attacker is getting off because of her mistake. 
  Don't beat yourself up about this. 
  It's not your fault. 
  Just make sure you keep it internal and concentrate on finding our serial offender. 
  In addition to the attacks on Trish Winterman and Laura Benson, a third attack has been disclosed to us by an ISVA. 
  The woman herself is not as yet prepared to disclose to us. 
  However, based on the information she gave to her ISVA, we now have three scenes to compare. 
  Now DC Harford will not be in today for personal reasons. 
  DS Miller will cover her actions after she's given the public statement. 
  We'll also continue to interview Ed Burnett, who's currently in custody. 
  Right, you've all got your actions. 
  Get on with it. 
  It's really good to see you, Nira. 
  What do you want? 
  There's a concern that the man who attacked you has also attacked some other women. 
  When? 
  The police are still trying to put it all together, but one woman was raped two years ago and another woman was raped just over a week ago. 
  Here, do you want to sit down? 
  I wanted to ask if you would reconsider disclosing some details to the police. 
  No. 
  Don't make me relive this. 
  It could help the current investigation. 
  It could stop further women - from being attacked. 
  - Do not put that on me. 
  Who are you to judge me? 
  - I'm not judging you. 
  - Yes, you are. 
  You're thinking, "How can she be so selfish?" I don't owe anyone anything. 
  When I needed help, no-one was there. 
  We were there, Nira. 
  I was there for you. 
  We still are. 
  What happened to you, Nira? 
  I was walking home. 
  My car broke down. 
  I had to call the breakdown services, but they never came. 
  So I was walking and I went across this field and If I report it, I have to tell my family. 
  And they'll be upset. 
  And they'll tell others and to all those people, I'll forever be the girl that was raped. 
  You don't have to go public. 
  It's just a conversation with the detectives. 
  I don't want a conversation. 
  I want it to go away. 
  The more help you get, the better the outcome for you. 
  - I really believe that. 
  - I'm not changing my mind. 
  I'm not talking to the police. 
  All I want to know is what Ed told you and what you told him. 
  Nothing. 
  Honestly. 
  I talked to him as soon as I knew he'd been at the party and he swore he had nothing to do with it. 
  - And you thought that was fine? 
  - It's not what you think. 
  I've barely seen him in the last 12 years. 
  We're not that close. 
  But he says he's not a rapist and you take him at face value and you omit to share that with anyone. 
  You've never liked me, have you, Ellie? 
  Actually, I was starting not to mind you, against all the odds. 
  You swanned in, with no training. 
  You thought you knew it all and, yeah, my hackles were up cos I had to work so hard to get into CID. 
  So bloody hard. 
  I took so much sh1t back then, you have no idea. 
  And because I was new, because I was a woman. 
  I fought all the battles you now benefit from. 
  People like you wander into CID, with six months' experience, sod-all training and you think you own the world. 
  Well, that lack of training and lack of experience is exactly what caused this. 
  It was an innocent mistake. 
  No, it was a stupid, basic, page-one mistake. 
  More than that, it was selfish. 
  You wanted to believe he had nothing to do with it and so you did. 
  The one thing a decent police officer and certainly a decent detective cannot be is selfish. 
  Anything else you wanna tell us? 
  Anything else we should know? 
  Now's the time. 
  Please don't take me off the case. 
  There must be something that I can do to fix this. 
  Have you heard anything we have said? 
  You're done. 
  Go home. 
  I might put you in charge of bollockings from now on, Miller. 
  Fine by me. 
  - Hi. 
  - Hi. 
  - Are we due to meet? 
  - No. 
  I got a call from the police. 
  They're going to be making an announcement. 
  I wanted to talk to you about it first. 
  Right. 
  OK. 
  On the night of Saturday 28th May, a 49-year-old woman was knocked unconscious and raped in the grounds of Axehampton House. 
  We are currently pursuing a number of lines of enquiry. 
  As a result of the publicity surrounding our investigation we've received two further historic allegations of rape. 
  It is possible that all three attacks were carried out by the same perpetrator. 
  We would ask anyone who has any information relating to either the attack at Axehampton, or any non-recent incidents of sexual assault, to please contact the police in strictest confidence. 
  We would also like to make it clear to any other women out there who have been sexually assaulted or raped in the past and chose not to disclose those attacks, please come forward. 
  You will be believed and you will be treated with dignity and respect. 
  In the meantime, we're urging the local community to remain vigilant and consider their own personal safety. 
  We are actively pursuing a number of leads. 
  If you believe you know or have seen or have heard something relevant please come forward. 
  As I say, all information will be treated with absolute confidence. 
  This attacker is somebody's family member. 
  A husband or a brother or a son or a friend or a colleague. 
  And we will do everything we can to capture the person responsible and bring them to justice. 
  Did you er Did you see the statement the police just made? 
  What were you doing in the house, Dad? 
  What? 
  Why would I be in the house? 
  Mum's computer was there when she and I went to bed last night. 
  And it wasn't there this morning. 
  What makes you think that was me? 
  You're the only other person who has a key and you asked me for her computer. 
  - Leah, seriously - Dad, please! 
  Please, I really need you not to behave weirdly right now. 
  This is my spare locker key. 
  If mum's computer is in there at the end of the school day, I can take it home, put it back and I don't have to tell anyone. 
  Leah, I really don't know what you mean. 
  Supposed to be you parenting me, not the other way around. 
  You look proper sh1t. 
  I hear Ed's in custody. 
  Good. 
  Did you see the news report? 
  So I've packed up most of your clothes. 
  - No, Cath. 
  Please - No, I don't wanna hear it. 
  Look, I know what I've done. 
  Gone and ballsed it all up. 
  But I'm so lost right now. 
  Please, Cath, don't throw me out, please. 
  You know, even if I took you back, which I won't, how's it gonna work now? 
  How are we gonna see Trish, or Ian or half this town, now that everybody knows? 
  We can style it out. 
  You actually think that's possible, don't you? 
  - "Style it out. "  
  - What do you want, then, Cath? 
  I want you to come up with a solution to all this sh1t that you have poured on us. 
  - Come on. 
  It's not that bad. 
  - It is that bad. 
  Do you think I don't know all the loans and the unpaid bills this shitty little garage is drowning under? 
  Didn't stop you demanding a birthday party that would've bankrupted a bloody sheikh. 
  Cos I was waiting for you to come clean. 
  I am still bloody waiting! 
  We could leave. 
  Start again somewhere else. 
  Somewhere that people don't know us. 
  It's a good time to go. 
  Don't you think? 
  You need to stop this. 
  I don't need to do anything you say. 
  What do you want, Mark? 
  Just to talk. 
  That's all. 
  Here? 
  Fine. 
  Go on, then. 
  Talk. 
  Why'd you plead innocent? 
  Why'd you make us go through that trial? 
  Show me your phone, Mark. 
  Why? 
  Just do it. 
  You think I'm stupid? 
  You record me, give it to the police as new evidence. 
  What else have you got in your pockets? 
  Go on, turn 'em out. 
  - Is that what you came to do? 
  - I dunno. 
  Maybe. 
  If I had the chance and if I had the nerve. 
  - What about your family? 
  - My fa My family, Joe? 
  I don't have a family. 
  You took that. 
  It was a mistake, with Danny. 
  I didn't mean to kill him. 
  Talk me through it. 
  Take me through the night you killed my son. 
  - Why? 
  - Why? 
  Because I need to hear it from you, Joe. 
  I need to know what happened, what you did  
  - Mark, you  
  - Don't tell me what I need! 
  I have to know exactly what happened, Joe. 
  I can't move on. 
  I can't deal with any of this until I know. 
  All right. 
  I'll tell you. 
  - Oh, please, just go away. 
  - I think you're wrong. 
  You can't talk to me like that. 
  I'm not your ISVA. 
  You chose not to be a client of ours. 
  - I'm just a woman who's angry. 
  - With me? 
  With the man who did this to you. 
  But, yeah, with you, a little bit. 
  I'm angry because we have to fight this. 
  We cannot let men get away with doing these things to us. 
  I don't want that responsibility. 
  I know you don't. 
  But tough luck, cos you've got it. 
  You thought you were the only one he did this to, but you are not. 
  You are far from alone. 
  What'll happen to other women if you don't speak out? 
  How do we stop this man, if you pretend it never happened? 
  I'm sorry, Mark. 
  I'm so sorry. 
  We came to your house. 
  Dan and Tom were friends. 
  I just had this I don't know moment. 
  I know you want me in prison, but look at my life here. 
  I've lost my family my friends. 
  I'm only here because I'm not brave enough to kill myself and I should've done that a long time ago. 
  I've got half an hour. 
  I've got to get back. 
  I saw you on the news earlier. 
  You looked terrible. 
  Is it true? 
  That other women might have been attacked? 
  - Yeah, it's possible. 
  - You ask me, everyone's been raped, or abused. 
  - One or the other. 
  - No-one is asking you, Dad. 
  Am I not allowed to have an opinion? 
  - No. 
  - Oh! 
  - You understand about consent? 
  - Mum, do we have to? 
  Yeah, we do. 
  It's important. 
  I'm not having you thinking what grandad's saying is acceptable. 
  Whenever you're with a girl, or woman or whatever, you must ask and be certain that she has agreed to whatever it is you are doing together. 
  - All right? 
  - Yes. 
  Mum, can we please just eat? 
  Was that your phone? 
  I didn't give you your phone back. 
  Did you give him his phone back? 
  - No! 
  - How'd you get your phone back? 
  Give it here now, unlocked! 
  - Don't have to look on there. 
  - Why would you not want me to? 
  I've deleted everything from your phone. 
  Tell the police what you just told me. 
  Give us justice. 
  I can't do prison, Mark. 
  I lost everything I had everything I was and I'll never escape it. 
  I was there that night, in the car park. 
  I could have stopped you. 
  No. 
  No, he was already dead. 
  I saw you through the window, when I was cleaning. 
  He was already on the beach. 
  I always I always thought I could have stopped you. 
  No. 
  You were too late. 
  It wouldn't have made any difference. 
  What do you wanna do, Mark? 
  Do you wanna use that knife? 
  No. 
  I can't live with what you've done to us, but I'm not strong enough to make you pay. 
  It's pathetic, innit? 
  What do I do now? 
  So you not only stole back your phone, you kept what I deleted and you added even more. 
  - Do you know how much that cost? 
  - Yeah, I do. 
  And we can't afford new ones so, from now on, there is no smartphone and you use the computer at the library. 
  Where did you get that p0rn from? 
  Michael Lucas. 
  - Where did he get it from? 
  - His dad. 
  - Does his dad drive a taxi? 
  - Yeah. 
  How are the chips? 
  Good. 
  Dad, I've packed my stuff. 
  I've booked myself on a train tomorrow. 
  - I'm going back to Mum's. 
  - No, no, don't do that. 
  It's not working for me here. 
  You can't keep bouncing back between me and your mum. 
  - That's not what it is. 
  - Actually, it is. 
  Don't kid yourself things'll be better with your mum. 
  You came here as you were having problems there. 
  Stay here. 
  Fight a wee bit. 
  I'll help you, even if I have to smack a teenage boy in the face for you. 
  What, and lose your job? 
  That'd be great. 
  Anything for you. 
  Come on, you're not a wee girl any more. 
  You've got to face up to the world. 
  Take some responsibility for your own life. 
  The future's not inevitable. 
  It's down to you. 
  I know I've not been good at the dad thing, but I love you so much, Daze. 
  - I've missed you growing up. 
  - Dad No, listen, come on. 
 
 
 
  I missed so much of that and I can't make up for missing that time, and I'll never forgive myself for it. 
  But I'm learning, yeah. 
  I'll make more time for you. 
  I want to be a good dad. 
  And I want you to know I just need you to know how loved you are. 
  I haven't said that enough. 
  You know I got sick and I nearly died, right. 
  And I didn't, and I think that is cos I'm meant to be here in this stupid place with its stupid cliffs. 
  I'm meant to be doing this job and I'm meant to look after you. 
  Sleep on it. 
  Decide in the morning. 
  Just don't don't give up on this place, on us. 
  Not yet, please. 
  Who's that? 
  30 seconds. 
  You can't be in contact with me. 
  There's something I should've told you before. 
  Thanks for making me wait all night and half the day. 
  In the absence of any evidence, you've gone for the textbook police approach of blame the black guy. 
  Why did you send Trish flowers, Ed? 
  Who says I did? 
  For the tape, I am showing Mr. 
  Burnett exhibit EM102. 
  This anonymous card was placed in a bunch of flowers that were sent to Trish Winterman. 
  Your prints are on the original and these identical cards were found in your office. 
  So I sent her some flowers. 
  What was the problem with that? 
  - Why do it anonymously? 
  - Well, is it against the law? 
  You guys are gonna have your hands full come Valentine's Day. 
  Oh, it's not illegal, but it is odd sending an unsigned card to a woman that's just been raped. 
  What does that mean, "Thinking of you"? 
  Just that. 
  Don't make it weird. 
  But it is a bit weird, though, Ed. 
  Cos you know what it looks like. 
  - A threat. 
  - It was nothing like that. 
  - Do you lose your temper a lot? 
  - No. 
  You lost it the night of Cath Atwood's party. 
  Flew off the handle, had a row with Jim, then what? 
  Did you take it out on Trish Winterman? 
  Then feel bad,  
  - so you sent her flowers? 
  - Stop saying that. 
  I would never hurt Trish. 
  I couldn't. 
  - Why couldn't you? 
  - Because I love her. 
  I love her. 
  Do you believe him? 
  What, that he's in love with Trish? 
  Yeah, possibly. 
  Doesn't mean he didn't rape her. 
  Arguably gives him extra motive. 
  - If he can do that to Jim Atwood. 
  - Oh. 
  Results of Ed's phone's coming through. 
  How many photos are on here? 
  5,219, dating back nearly ten years. 
  Blimey. 
  Pretty much all Trish Winterman. 
  That's not love. 
  That's obsession. 
  Did Trish know you were taking all these? 
  Most of them. 
  I've told you how I feel about her. 
  It's not against the law. 
  Being in love with someone isn't, but stalking is. 
  - And that's what this looks like to us. 
  - Don't call it that. 
  These aren't romantic photos, Ed. 
  They're obsessional ones. 
  You're wrong. 
  You wanna turn it into something it's not. 
  Oh, I think that's what you want to do. 
  Where have you slept the last week or two, Ed? 
  At home. 
  We made an appeal for witnesses earlier today. 
  Quite a strong response so far. 
  Including a call from one of Trish Winterman's neighbours, in West Flintcombe. 
  She reported seeing a car that matches your registration parked overnight in the car park at the end of Trish's road, every night, for ten nights in a row. 
  I've been checking on her. 
  Looking out for her. 
  And can you see how that, combined with the pictures, suggests a man with an unhealthy, - obsessional interest in Trish? 
  - I'm not obsessed! 
  Yeah, you are. 
  You're an obsessive loser with a short fuse, aren't you, Ed? 
  That's why you attacked Jim Atwood, isn't it? 
  Cos he got a taste of what you've never managed. 
  Sit down, please. 
  Can you show us what you wore to Cath Atwood's party? 
  Mum? 
  Thanks, Leah. 
  Well, I came here to say we'd be grateful if you didn't contact us any more. 
  I can't help what happened to you, Trish, but it's brought up stuff that you're gonna have to answer for. 
  I'm gonna have to answer for? 
  You're supposed to be my friend. 
  You slept with my husband. 
  What kind of friend does that? 
  Well, maybe if you'd given him what he needed Say that again, Trish. 
  No contact? 
  In a town like this! 
  That's fine by me. 
  Good luck with that. 
  Well, I don't think we're gonna be here much longer anyway. 
  Jim and I, I think we're gonna move away. 
  Fresh start. 
  Where will you go? 
  You'd be no-one somewhere else. 
  - You'd hate that. 
  - No, I think we'll be fine. 
  No, I don't think so, Cath. 
  I mean, you behave like you're better than the rest of us, but you're a girl on a till, same as me. 
  Doesn't matter who was queen bee in fifth year. 
  Look, I know you're not the person you were before you were raped, but I am more that person now than I have ever been. 
  Now get out. 
  Fine. 
  No, no, no, no. 
  Not that way. 
  Not through my house. 
  Back way. 
  Slink out, like your husband did. 
  Go on. 
  Mum, I need to talk to you. 
  I think it might be important. 
  Ian, seriously, put that away before someone sees it. 
  Oh, come on. 
  There's no-one around. 
  How do you even have that? 
  You said you didn't have it any more. 
  My daughter got it for me. 
  If you can take the stuff off there, I'll put it back tonight. 
  Not touching it. 
  The police have been round to my work. 
  They're everywhere. 
  They've even got their eye on me. 
  Right. 
  Mind you, I just heard they arrested Ed Burnett last night. 
  So, come on. 
  You gonna help me out here or what? 
  It's not a good idea, mate. 
  Not now. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Are they going through my whole house? 
  It's procedure. 
  Not to me, it isn't. 
  Sorry. 
  You go on. 
  I'll have to take this. 
  Hey, Beth? 
  Everything all right? 
  Yeah, listen, we saw the other woman who was attacked, today. 
  We tried everything, but she's not ready to talk to the police. 
  She's still really traumatised. 
  But there's the one thing she mentioned. 
  Her car broke down and she called a breakdown service. 
  She was walking home cos they didn't turn up. 
  - That's when she was attacked. 
  - Thanks. 
  That could be helpful. 
  I'm in the middle of something at the moment. 
  - Can we speak later? 
  - OK. 
  Bye. 
  Bye. 
  - Chlo? 
  - Yeah? 
  Maybe look up from your phone Better? 
  I've got a solicitor's appointment tomorrow. 
  I'm thinking of asking your dad for a divorce. 
  - No, Mum, please don't - It's been a long time coming. 
  It's a sticky period. 
  That's all. 
  You'll patch things up. 
  I don't think that's gonna happen. 
  I love him, Chlo. 
  But I feel like I've lost him and I can't see a way back. 
  I'm sorry. 
  What's happened to this family? 
  Someone told me it was a formal do but when I got there, I was the only one wearing a suit. 
  - We'll need the shoes. 
  - By the door. 
  Why was there twine in your suit, Ed? 
  I was working in the shop before I went to the party, catching up on things. 
  - In your suit? 
  - Yes. 
  I must've left some in my pockets. 
  Right, see the difficulty for us, is that this is very similar to the twine used in the attack on Trish Winterman. 
  At the party during which you went off on your own - following a fight. 
  - I know nothing about it. 
  Are you sure? 
  Because if you do, now is the time to mention it. 
  There's a lot stacking up against you, Ed. 
  It's not just the night of the attack. 
  It's the flowers, photos, being around Trish's house  
  - the violence  
  - I am not a violent man. 
  Did you ever hit your wife? 
  It was just once. 
  And there's only one way you can have known that. 
  Is Katie here? 
  DC Harford has excused herself from this investigation. 
  Tell us about your wife, Ed. 
  She died 12 years ago. 
  I moved here straight after, set up the shop. 
  Was it a happy marriage? 
  When my wife was dying, we separated. 
  I didn't behave very well. 
  Cost me pretty much everything: my marriage, my daughter. 
  We've only just started patching things up this year. 
  Why are there grass and mud stains on your suit, Ed? 
  Ed, I'm going to apply for an extension to your custody time. 
  If it was him, what happened that night? 
  Cos he's clearly obsessed with Trish and he can be violent, but what pushed him over the edge that night? 
  There's no background of sexual violence. 
  That we know of. 
  You seen this? 
  Message from Trish Winterman? 
  Mr. Winterman. 
  Oh, hello. 
  I was er just about to lock up actually. 
  - Have you got your wife's laptop? 
  - Yes. 
  Yes, I do. 
  - How did you get it? 
  - I popped round last night. 
  - Without asking? 
  - I didn't wanna bother Trish. 
  I know she doesn't wanna see me but I've got a back door key. 
  Why do you need the computer? 
  Oh, it's got erm PowerPoint things, slides on there,  
  - that I need for teaching. 
  - PowerPoints of what? 
  You know, various things. 
  Osmosis, reproductive systems, the cellular life of plants Right, well, we'll have the computer now, thanks. 
  We'll examine it for our enquiries. 
  Right. 
  Good. 
  Thanks. 
  Is it true you've got Ed Burnett in custody? 
  - We don't discuss the investigation. 
  - No. 
  Quite right. 
  No, it's just that I've been thinking a lot about Ed lately. 
  I had to have words with him, about a year-and-a-half ago. 
  He was sexually harassing Trish. 
  She was worried about losing her job, didn't wanna make a fuss. 
  So I had to go up there. 
  I just thought you should know. 
  - Dad. 
  - All right, darlin'? 
  Where are you? 
  Oh, I'm just out for a walk. 
  What, this time of night? 
  Yeah, it's nice and peaceful. 
  Everything all right? 
  Yeah, why wouldn't it be? 
  You sound a bit odd. 
  Oh, do I? 
  Thanks very much. 
  - You know I love you, don't you? 
  - Yeah. 
  - Are you sure you're OK? 
  - Yeah, I'm always OK, me, Chlo. 
  I've done my best for you, Chlo. 
  - I know. 
  - You and Lizzie and Mum and Dan. 
  - Dad - I'm just sorry if if sometimes that wasn't enough. 
  Dad, er why don't you come round? 
  - I'd like to see you. 
  - No, I'd best go. 
  Do you wanna talk to Mum? 
  She's here. 
  No. 
  I love you, Dad. 
  I love you too, darlin'. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 