Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x02 - Series 3, Episode 2 - Broadchurch 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x02 - Series 3, Episode 2 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=117&t=34499 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/03/19 10:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x02 - Series 3, Episode 2 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 MILLER: "Previously on Broadchurch" Hi. 
  Trish, is it? 
  You called about an attack, a sexual attack. 
  Trish Winterman of West Flintcombe has made an allegation of rape against an unknown attacker. 
  If it happened at the party, that's a long list of people to eliminate. 
  There were 50 men at your party on Saturday night? 
  Yeah. 
  At least 50. 
  - Wessex Police. 
  Who are you? 
  - Ed Burnett. 
  This is my shop. 
  - Was there a fight at the party? 
  - Yeah. 
  Bloody Ed! 
  He was as much at fault. 
  Don't let him tell you otherwise. 
  We have a sexual predator who is a danger to the public. 
  - How long you been here? 
  - An hour or two. 
  I wanted to familiarise myself with the scene before the Gold Meeting. 
  I've walked the path from here to the house. 
  There are plenty of places her attacker could have hid in but, because of the rains last week, it's all muddy. 
  So whoever did move her here they'd have plenty of mud on their clothes and shoes. 
  I'm hoping these guys get some good footprints. 
  How many extra officers have we got? 
  Two DCs. 
  What, that's it? 
  We need more than that. 
  Sexual offences never get the same resources as murder. 
  The Chief Super told me I was lucky to get two. 
  For God's sake. 
  They know how many potential suspects we've got. 
  How do they expect us to move quickly with a small team? 
  Did you get any sleep? 
  Not really. 
  Trish Winterman did not see her attacker. 
  It was a deliberate and brutal attack. 
  She was hit by a blow to the back of the head. 
  She was knocked unconscious. 
  She was gagged. 
  She had her hands tied with blue fishing twine. 
  - Miller's got a lead on that. 
  - Yeah. 
  Humphries Nets in town. 
  They're the main manufacturer in the whole of the South West. 
  And then we think she was moved to an area by the waterfall, where she was raped. 
  Traces of her blood were found on stones next to the water. 
  Her attacker gagged her we need to find the material used for the gag and used a condom. 
  All of which suggests pre-meditation. 
  We've asked the Atwoods, who hired the house, to provide us with a full guest list. 
  DC Harford will coordinate interviewing everyone who was there. 
  We'll also need to talk to the caterers, any entertainment suppliers, local businesses, such as minicabs who provided transport. 
  There's another road in and out of the property, so it's possible the attacker wasn't a guest at the party. 
  Can we get more uniform for searching the grounds? 
  And divers for the lake? 
  It's potentially a massive scene. 
  No. 
  For the moment, you lot here are the extent of our resources. 
  There's one CCTV camera in the vicinity of the house, in the entrance hall, but, from the floor plans, there were another three exits in use that night. 
  No other cameras until you get back onto the A35. 
  The nearest traffic camera's a good nine miles from Axehampton. 
  So, even if the attacker drove, we won't necessarily be able to track them. 
  Er, Trish is recently separated from her husband, Ian. 
  We'll talk to him today. 
  They have a daughter. 
  - Leah. 
  - Yeah. 
  She's 15. 
  We'll need full intel on all known s*x offenders living in the area, details of their offences. 
  Prioritise recently released or out on licence. 
  SOCO are finishing up at the crime scene today. 
  Two uniforms are doing door to door inquiries in the village. 
  If you look at the map, it's actually a hamlet. 
  - Not a village. 
  - Thanks for that. 
  And what about the victim's ABE interview? 
  When's that? 
  Can we not use the word victim? 
  Her name is Trish Winterman. 
  Her ABE interview will take place when we judge she's up to it. 
  We'll get a steer from her ISVA later this morning. 
  There's a time pressure here. 
  Right? 
  If she's still traumatised, she may not have full recall. 
  - Was she drunk? 
  - What? 
  DC Harford, are you wanting to run this meeting? 
  Sorry sir. 
  We can't keep this from the public for too long, but there are people we wanna talk to before the news gets out. 
  So, for now, all of this is kept to yourselves. 
  Miller, rope factory. 
  Come on! 
  Are you the only manufacturers of rope and twine in the region? 
  Nets and lines for fishing used to be the main industry, but we're the only one left making them in Broadchurch now. 
  All the others closed up. 
  Fishing's dying on its arse. 
  So, what sort of samples are you after? 
  Er, one of every product you make. 
  Nets and lines? 
  We do a lot. 
  I'd like one of everything, please. 
  And what do you want it for? 
  You'll be assisting us with an ongoing investigation. 
  You gonna give me any more than that? 
  No. 
  Dunno if I'm comfortable with this. 
  Not comfortable? 
  How old are you, son? 
  You're in charge of this place? 
  I said I was in charge today. 
  - Ah. 
  - And most days, really. 
  I've totally got authority to take decisions. 
  But the business belongs to my family. 
  My dad's the legal owner but he's more interested in golf, so he lets me run things. 
  It's not exactly difficult. 
  Well, if you've totally got the authority to make decisions, totally make the decision to cooperate with our requests. 
  Or we'll totally come back with a warrant. 
  And I might phone your dad. 
  You'll need to read and sign this short statement. 
  What's it say? 
  Just who you are, where you work, what rope you make, who you supply and what you're giving us. 
  Basic factual stuff. 
  Just sign here. 
  How many people work here? 
  Er 11, I think, in total. 
  All on staff contracts? 
  We take in some casuals when we have a big order. 
  I'll need a list of all your staff for the last three years. 
  I'll try, but Great. 
  Thanks. 
  Is there anything else you're gonna demand? 
  Where were you on Saturday night, Leo? 
  I was out with my girlfriend. 
  We had a few drinks at The Anglers and then a kebab on the way home. 
  Ah, romantic. 
  And she'll confirm this story, will she? 
  (SCOFFS) 
  Yeah, of course. 
  I suppose you want her details an' all. 
  Please. 
  - He was very keen on himself. 
  - Yeah, wasn't he just. 
  But they do produce some very nice blue fishing twine. 
  Test that against the fibres from Trish's wrist wounds. 
  But even if it's a match, what does that prove? 
  Well, it doesn't prove anything, but it just increases the probability that her attacker lives locally. 
  If it was made there, it doesn't mean it was bought round here. 
  That boy's affected your naturally optimistic disposition, Miller. 
  I am never in the mood for swaggery young sh1ts. 
  Let's get to Jim Atwood's, get the invite list. 
  This is the list. 
  It's got er all Cath's added scribbles on it. 
  She kept bloody meeting people and inviting them. 
  I told her she had to stop at some point, but then that's my wife for you, never one to hear the word "no". 
  Oh, that's great, thanks. 
  Have you seen Trish? 
  At the moment, we're not able to discuss anything other than the fact we're investigating a serious sexual assault. 
  Does Ian know yet? 
  I'd ask you not to discuss this with anyone else, until we've formally made the news public. 
  People are already talking. 
  Make sure you're not one of them. 
  Why did you have a fight with Ed Burnett at the party? 
  Oh, you heard about that, did you? 
  - Your wife mentioned it. 
  - Oh, did she? 
  What was that all about? 
  Just the same stuff we always argue about. 
  Erm the way he runs the shop, my wife's shift patterns, the refugee crisis. 
  Yeah, mostly shift patterns. 
  He's, erm a knob. 
  And how long have you and Cath been married? 
  Er Whoo. 
  27 years in August. 
  Hoping for time off for good behaviour. 
  - Do you fish? 
  - No. 
  No, I tried to, a few times. 
  Oh, I keep all that there, cos Cath said she didn't want it cluttering up the house and I couldn't bear to get rid of it. 
  Can you make a time to come down to the station for a full statement about your movements on Saturday night? 
  Is there any particular reason that I need to do that? 
  We need all the details we can get. 
  Your party, after all. 
  And we'll need you to give a sample of DNA. 
  We'll be asking everyone at the party to do the same. 
  It's completely voluntary. 
  No problem. 
  I was thinking, erm when I was making the list up we knew everybody there. 
  So that means one of our friends could have done this. 
  We need the list to rule people out, as much as in. 
  Well, that's good to know. 
  Unless you have any specific concerns about anyone who was there that night? 
  You let me have a think about that. 
  Not exactly a vote of confidence on his party guests, was it? 
  Any names you recognise on there? 
  Yeah. 
  Quite a few. 
  And they'll all be starting to talk amongst themselves and speculating. 
  Here you go. 
  All right? 
  (DISTANT CHATTER, PHONE RINGS) 
  Maggie, sorry to keep you waiting. 
  Three weeks I've had to wait to get an appointment with you. 
  I know. 
  I'm so sorry. 
  But I'm glad you're here now. 
  Let's cut to the chase, shall we? 
  I cannot work for a company that no longer allows me to choose my own front page. 
  I've been doing this for nearly 30 years. 
  I'm bloody good at it. 
  Unlike whoever threw out my front page this week - and substituted this. 
  - Kittens in a bin. 
  It's kittens escaping from a bin. 
  - On the front page? 
  - It's feel-good and it sells. 
  It's page five filler. 
  The lead should be the planning permission given for 300 new homes. 
  Which moron thought that was better? 
  I did. 
  I changed it. 
  I hope you're ashamed of yourself. 
  No. 
  I'm not. 
  You lead on planning or parking or petty crime every week. 
  We're a paper of record for the life of the town. 
  That stuff just makes my paper look frivolous and undermines my position as editor. 
  But then that's been a long time coming. 
  I've lost my only journalist to a national tabloid. 
  Now I'm expected to cover every story that happens around here on my own, in a tiny room and with no support. 
  I know it's been hard. 
  But you're not gonna be stuck there alone any more. 
  Oh, well, good. 
  You're coming to work here. 
  I don't think so, petal. 
  The lease on your building's up. 
  We're not renewing. 
  There's hot-desking capacity for you here. 
  Not a chance! 
  I need to be where the stories are, where the people are. 
  I can't do that from here. 
  You know how tough print economics are, Maggie. 
  We can't sustain a presence in Broadchurch. 
  We're closing the offices. 
  The paper will continue, but it'll offer content from a wider area, using pooled resources. 
  That's not local news. 
  People need their own lives reflected. 
  That's the whole point. 
  We're redefining what we mean by "local". 
  Oh, for God's sake. 
  When's all this supposed to happen? 
  The lease runs out four weeks on Friday. 
  The Broadchurch Echo has served that town for more than a century. 
  It matters to people. 
  Then they should be buying it in greater numbers. 
  Times change, Maggie. 
  Don't get left behind. 
  I don't want a steer from Beth, I want her to help us get Trish Winterman's interview done as a matter of urgency. 
  You know the state Trish is in. 
  Leave it one or two more days. 
  Can't be done. 
  There's too much at risk. 
  That ABE interview is Trish's main videoed evidence in court, if the case gets that far. 
  And, if she makes a mistake or her memory's hazy, it causes massive problems. 
  So we wait, we delay getting a crucial piece of information - and another woman is attacked? 
  - Not Trish's responsibility. 
  No. 
  It's mine! 
  I've got to weigh up the risk to Trish's evidence against the safety of other members of the public. 
  Can't we protect them both? 
  Tell me how. 
  We've got to get to what she knows as soon as we can. 
  Brief Beth. 
  She's got to get Trish in a fit state. 
  Tom's been excluded from school for a week. 
  - What for? 
  - Sharing p0rn on his phone. 
  - No. 
  - Yeah. 
  So that's good. 
  Cor, bloody hell, Beth. 
  These bloody devices, you don't know what's on them. 
  The access they have to this stuff, we never had any of that. 
  The best I had was Alice Wilson reading the dirty bits of Jilly Cooper out loud when we were 13. 
  (CHUCKLES) 
  I still get a bit of a tingle when I think about it now. 
  I found my mum's vibrator when I was 12. 
  - No, you didn't. 
  - I asked her what it was for. 
  - What did she say? 
  - She said it was a whisk. 
  "But don't tell Dad. 
  " Which I thought was weird for a whisk. 
  Oh, God, her face. 
  I can't bear to think about it. 
  (GIGGLES) 
  Beth, we need your help with Trish Winterman. 
  I haven't even met her yet. 
  I know, but we need to move the investigation forward fast and she's our main source of evidence. 
  If she could do her interview as soon as possible, it'd make a massive difference. 
  That's not my job, Ell. 
  You shouldn't be asking. 
  The first meetings with clients are hard enough. 
  I don't need pressure from you. 
  - We're independent. 
  - Yeah, I know, but Whoever attacked Trish is is walking about unchallenged, somewhere out here. 
  And she's She's our main clue to finding him. 
  I'm promising nothing. 
  I've said how amazing you are, for choosing to do this job. 
  You're just trying to butter me up. 
  No, I've done that. 
  I'm being honest now. 
  I'm so proud of you, Beth. 
  (PHONE BUZZES) 
  Trish? 
  - I'm Beth. 
  - Ah, yeah. 
  Nice to meet you. 
  You're probably a bit nervous about this. 
  So, shall I start by telling you a bit about what we do? 
  I'm from Wessex Rape Response. 
  We're an independent organisation. 
  We're not part of the police. 
  We support people who've experienced sexual violence. 
  There's three strands to what we do. 
  We run a helpline, counselling sessions and then there's ISVAs. 
  Independent Sexual Violence Advisors, which is me. 
  I'm not a counsellor, but I can arrange counselling. 
  My role is to support you through the police investigation and, if it goes to trial, I'll be there all the way. 
  What I do is completely client-led. 
  I don't have any agenda, except to help you. 
  OK? 
  How are you doing so far? 
  Are you up to a bit of paperwork? 
  - Yeah. 
  OK. 
  - Great. 
  This says that I can share information with other agencies, if appropriate. 
  Basically if you tell me anything that gives me cause for concern, for you or other people, I have a duty of care to pass that on. 
  Do you understand? 
  So I just need you to sign there, where it says "victim's name". 
  Sorry about that, I don't know why they have that there. 
  We don't use that word. 
  We use the word "client". 
  Thanks. 
  Some information leaflets for you to take with you. 
  We're gonna have regular meetings, so have a think about how often you'd like. 
  We can meet somewhere like this or I could come to your house. 
  If there's developments in the investigation or you have questions for the police, I can help with those. 
  Am I right thinking you haven't given your full interview yet? 
  How are you feeling about doing it? 
  I do wanna talk to them, I I just don't know if I'm ready. 
  You do what's right for you. 
  Don't worry about what anyone else says. 
  I can come with you to the interview, if that's helpful. 
  Would you do that? 
  Of course. 
  I'm here for whatever you need. 
  I feel like I'm not in my own body. 
  I can understand that. 
  Your mind and your body are not going to be behaving normally. 
  You might be going through a process of trauma. 
  There's information in these leaflets about Rape Trauma Syndrome, which might be useful. 
  Whatever you're feeling, whether it be sad, angry, disturbed, exhausted, depressed, it's all normal. 
  OK? 
  Thank you. 
  You might not think it, but you're doing amazingly. 
  - I'm not. 
  - You are. 
  You got up, you got dressed, you did your hair, did your make-up, you came here and you talked to me. 
  These are massive victories. 
  These crimes they make you feel like your control has been taken away, like there's no light at the end of the tunnel. 
  But there is. 
  And we're gonna find that light together. 
  OK? 
  I feel so ashamed. 
  I wish he'd just killed me. 
  - MILLER: Beth? 
  - Hey. 
  I don't think she'll be ready today. 
  Can you hold her there? 
  We'll come by now and have a quick word. 
  You know, I don't know if we should be pushing, if Beth says she's not ready. 
  Beth Latimer is not in charge here! 
  Are you all right? 
  Murder I can make sense of. 
  Sexual offences Trish, we're going to release a statement later today about the attack. 
  It'll be very brief and non-specific. 
  It won't mention your name or the exact location. 
  We wanted you to know, in case you saw it mentioned anywhere. 
  Right. 
  You have to do that, do you? 
  Well, it's important for us to release limited information into the public domain, in case it encourages any witnesses to come forward. 
  We'd also like you to come in at 4pm today for your ABE interview. 
  Right. 
  If that's what you want. 
  You're welcome to have Beth accompany you, if it helps. 
  We were still discussing the timing! 
  No! 
  You were discussing it, I'd made a decision. 
  - Can we not - No, we can't! 
  What if another woman gets raped while we're still discussing? 
  How would you feel, living with that for the rest of your life? 
  - I know it's a hard balance. 
  - You don't, actually. 
  Cos it's easy being you, Miller. 
  I'm the one who's responsible. 
  I'm the one who has to decide and that's what I've done. 
  So I don't want to hear any more about it. 
  Can we just focus on the ex-husband? 
  We're investigating a serious sexual assault that took place at Axehampton House on Saturday night. 
  Bloody hell. 
  What, at at Cath Atwood's party? 
  You were there, we understand. 
  Yeah, good friends of Cath and Jim. 
  We used to, me and my wife I'm separated from my wife, Trish. 
  But when we were together, the four of us saw a lot of each other. 
  Did you go to the party by yourself? 
  No, I was with my er girlfriend, Sarah. 
  She teaches geography. 
  And were you together all night? 
  Not all the time. 
  No. 
  But you left together? 
  No. 
  She left before me. 
  Any reason for that? 
  Sarah feels that she isn't always made welcome. 
  Particularly by Cath. 
  So she left first. 
  She got a taxi, I think. 
  In fact, I know she did, because she had the same driver who'd brought Trish to the party earlier in the evening. 
  She said she couldn't escape me, even on the way home. 
  And did you have much to drink? 
  A bit. 
  Quite a lot. 
  Enough to leave the car there. 
  Oh, so how did you get home? 
  I er shared a taxi with a couple of other people. 
  - Could you give us their names? 
  - I don't think I could. 
  Sorry. 
  I mean, they were like a cousin or an auntie of Cath's, I think. 
  What cab company was it? 
  I I dunno. 
  I just remember the light on the top. 
  As I say, I was a bit the worse for wear, by that point. 
  Who got dropped off first? 
  You or them? 
  Er Me. 
  I think. 
  Cath Atwood would know who they were? 
  Presumably, yes. 
  And you said your wife was at the party? 
  Yes. 
  Why? 
  Did you talk to her? 
  We exchanged pleasantries shortly after she got there and then, later on, we exchanged unpleasantries. 
  What do you mean by that? 
  It's not very nice seeing the woman you used to be married to drunk and cavorting with a lot of strange men. 
  I mean, by all accounts, she's slept with half a dozen blokes in the last few months. 
  God knows how many of them were at the party. 
  It's embarrassing. 
  Technically, we are still married. 
  So, we had words outside. 
  She'd gone out for a cigarette. 
  Another bone of contention. 
  So you had an argument? 
  I think we probably did, yes. 
  My memory gets a little bit hazy at that point and I'm sure Trish would say the same. 
  It was a boozy night all round. 
  So how did the argument end? 
  I went back inside. 
  And you didn't see her for the rest of the night? 
  No. 
  So people would attest that you were in the main house until late on? 
  Why would anyone need to attest to where I was? 
  We're just compiling a record of people's movements. 
  (SIGHS) 
  Look, don't you think you should be telling me a little bit, I mean, anything about what's happened? 
  We can't, I'm afraid. 
  But we would like to ask you for a quick DNA sample. 
  Well Right. 
  Erm I don't mean to be awkward, but I don't really like the idea of Do I have to? 
  Am I legally obliged? 
  It's voluntary. 
  Well, in in that case, I'll decline. 
  For now. 
  If that's all right? 
  I don't like the idea of my DNA being on file until I know why and how it's being stored. 
  I'm not a big fan of police hoarding bio-data. 
  Is that right? 
  Well, at least we know how Trish got to the party. 
  We need to track down that taxi driver that took her. 
  - Our first DNA refusal. 
  - Yeah. 
  An interesting decision. 
  (PHONE RINGS) 
  - Daisy? 
  - Where are you? 
  I'm at work. 
  Is everything all right? 
  We were gonna meet for lunch. 
  Oh, yeah, that's right. 
  We were. 
  You're not coming, are you? 
  Oh, I don't think I'm gonna make it on time. 
  No, Daze, I'm sorry. 
  - It's fine. 
  - I'm really sorry. 
  I - It's this new case. 
  - Yeah. 
  I'll see you later then. 
  Tonight, we'll go out tonight. 
  Yeah? 
  - Yeah. 
  OK. 
  Bye. 
  - I'm sorry. 
  - Everything all right? 
  - Nah, I messed up. 
  How do you do it, Miller, the whole single-parent thing? 
  By constantly absorbing feelings of failure, guilt and shame. 
  Look, he's our guy. 
  The first one in the queue. 
  Your radio controller told us that you took a fare to the party in Axehampton on Saturday night. 
  I took a lot of people back and forth. 
  It was a big do. 
  Yeah, and you picked up a fare from, er, West Flintcombe. 
  Trish Winterman. 
  She's a regular. 
  Right. 
  Do you know her well? 
  No. 
  Only through work. 
  Just her in the back of the cab? 
  Yeah. 
  And you got to the gardens when? 
  Twenty-past, half-past eight. 
  She had me booked for the return journey later that night. 
  But she never turned up. 
  I waited for a while. 
  Tried her mobile. 
  Took a couple of others back to town instead. 
  Do you remember their names? 
  No. 
  I didn't ask. 
  I dropped them a couple of streets from the church. 
  - You were working all night? 
  - Till three. 
  The graveyard shift. 
  So, we were talking to your radio controller. 
  She said you developed a fault with your radio halfway through the night and she couldn't contact you. 
  That's right. 
  We've been moaning at them to get us new gear for a while. 
  They say it's too expensive. 
  How did you work all night without a radio? 
  I figured if I stayed in the car park at the party with my light on, I'd stand a chance of some fares. 
  You were in the car park all night? 
  No. 
  I ferried people back and forth. 
  Why didn't you come back here and tell them about the radio? 
  Didn't think. 
  And I knew I'd get fares at Axehampton. 
  Sorry, what's this about? 
  There was a serious sexual assault at the party on Saturday. 
  What, so you come for the cab driver? 
  Would you mind giving us a DNA sample? 
  RADIO: Car two. 
  - (RADIO CONTROLLER CONTINUES) 
  - That's a fare for me. 
  - Can we do this another time? 
  - Sure. 
  Clear as a bell now, that radio. 
  Yeah. 
  (ENGINE STARTS) 
  - Coffee. 
  - Ta. 
  From the shack you like. 
  I'm sorry about last night. 
  Yeah, me, too. 
  How's How's your new client? 
  Not good. 
  I've been with her this morning. 
  They got any idea who did it? 
  - They don't tell me that. 
  - No. 
 
 
 
  How are you coping? 
  Yeah, you know. 
  That's what they don't tell you about this job. 
  Who supports the support workers? 
  That's why I called you. 
  Right. 
  Beth, you're not being fair. 
  You know, you You can't just ask me to meet you for a coffee, like everything's still the same. 
  - Can't I? 
  - No. 
  You know you can treat me like your little dog, give me a whistle and I'll come running. 
  But I need you not to do that. 
  I need you not to give me any hope. 
  I'm sorry that's how you feel. 
  Well you want me to be honest, don't you? 
  (SIGHS) 
  This came this morning. 
  The Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme. 
  It's the cheque. 
  With a written apology for the administrative errors that made it take so long. 
  5,500 for Chloe. 
  5,500 for us. 
  - Which we should split. 
  - Don't want it. 
  You might as well take it. 
  I don't want it. 
  I didn't want compensation, I want justice. 
  11 grand for our little boy's life? 
  What, a grand a year, is that what he's worth? 
  It's the standard sum for a murdered relative. 
  You want us to turn it down? 
  Cos that won't put Joe Miller in prison. 
  I'm still fighting, Beth. 
  I know. 
  That's the problem. 
  Maggie? 
  Everything all right? 
  I'm feeling murderous. 
  I thought this place might restore my equanimity. 
  Is it working? 
  Not in the slightest. 
  Normally, I'd be at home, bending Jocelyn's ear, but she's away in London for ages, a big trial. 
  They want to close the paper. 
  They can't do that. 
  The writing's been on the wall for a while now. 
  I feel so powerless. 
  It's the only thing I know how to do. 
  I've given my life to it. 
  What can we do? 
  Letters? 
  Petitions? 
  March on the offices? 
  Bless you, petal, but I've looked in the eyes of the corporate behemoth. 
  (SIGHS) 
  I think it'd be a waste of breath. 
  Just be glad you've got a job for life. 
  People will always need a bit of God. 
  I wish you were right. 
  On Sundays now, the church is emptier than before Danny was killed. 
  You don't come. 
  Beth and Mark don't come, Ellie and half the people that were affected by what happened here. 
  People look to God when they want something and then Well, now they've just deserted him. 
  No, Paul, no. 
  People love you. 
  You pulled so many of us through these past few years. 
  Exactly. 
  I'm the priest that people look to when they're hurting and then desert when everything's OK. 
  I've got more to offer than that. 
  Sorry to come back to you so quick. 
  What time did you say Lucas was off-radio from on Saturday? 
  About ten-thirty onwards. 
  But he already had bookings in place? 
  Yeah, he did. 
  It was a bloody nightmare. 
  I gave him a proper bollocking the day after. 
  I told him, he pulls a stunt like that again, he's out. 
  Bloody law unto himself. 
  - He thinks he's better than us. 
  - (PHONE RINGS) 
  Do you have a list of his book Budmouth Taxis, how can I help you? 
  Could you hold on a minute? 
  Do you have a list of the ones he did and didn't carry out? 
  Somewhere back here. 
  Let me see if I can find it. 
  That would be most helpful. 
  Thank you. 
  - Hi! 
  - Hiya, yourself. 
  - All right? 
  Good time? 
  - It was all right. 
  Did you see my photos on Instagram? 
  Oh, er, no. 
  I thought you'd follow me. 
  Hi. 
  Who's this? 
  Er This is, erm, Beth. 
  She's a friend. 
  Hi. 
  What have you done to your head? 
  Mum? 
  Mum? 
  - Trish, I can go. 
  - No. 
  No. 
  - I need you here. 
  - Mum, what's happened? 
  While you were away at Cath's party on Saturday this this man attacked me. 
  - What? 
  - Just let me finish, love. 
  He He knocked me out and he raped me. 
  I was raped, Leah. 
  (VOICE BREAKS) 
  I've been raped. 
  - Mum. 
  - I'm sorry, sweetheart. 
  (SOBS) 
  Oh, the news statement was approved. 
  Just waiting for the word from you to release. 
  OK. 
  Send it out. 
  This is Trish. 
  Yeah, I think so. 
  Wessex Police say a 49-year-old woman was the victim of a serious sexual assault in the Axehampton area on Saturday night. 
  They are asking for anyone with any information to contact them in confidence as a matter of urgency. 
  (GULLS CRY) 
  - Here you go, mate. 
  - Ta. 
  Got the compensation cheque through today. 
  For having a murdered son. 
  11 grand it was for the family. 
  Oh, God, I'm so sorry. 
  That must dredge it all up again. 
  Never went away. 
  - You've done so well. 
  - I'm glad it looks that way. 
  Yeah, I reckon I tried everything, mate. 
  Yoga, boxing, meditating even. 
  And as for all that bloody counselling God knows how long I've spent talking about it, writing diaries, drawing bloody pictures of my emotional state. 
  None of it even touched the sides. 
  But there's one thing I think about all the time. 
  I can't get it off my head. 
  And it's how we got it wrong. 
  - Got what wrong? 
  - Joe Miller. 
  We should have just thrown him over that cliff while we had the chance, mate. 
  (EXHALES) 
  But we were merciful, weren't we? 
  We Yeah, we did what good people do. 
  But if if I could go back and change it, three years, then I would. 
  Cos he's out there, isn't he? 
  Still living and free. 
  You know? 
  And, after all the talking, all the counselling, this anger, it's not going anywhere, it's getting worse. 
  We weren't wrong. 
  You're sure you're ready for this? 
  This is the list of the people invited to the party. 
  Can you put together addresses and profiles? 
  We need to take a DNA sample from everyone. 
  - Shouldn't take long. 
  - I want it done thoroughly. 
  Well, I wasn't planning on doing it shitly. 
  - (DOOR SQUEAKS) 
  - Miller! 
  Trish is here for her interview. 
  Thank you, Katie. 
  God, she really sets my teeth on edge. 
  Really? 
  (SARCASTICALLY) 
  You hide it so well. 
  Er, Trish, you understand this is the video evidence that will go forward as your definitive statement on what happened, including in court, if the case is taken that far? 
  - Yes. 
  - OK. 
  Can you tell us exactly what you wore that night to the party? 
  Erm A kind of blue flowery dress over leggings. 
  Erm Wedge shoes. 
  A bit of a blingy thing round my neck. 
  Dangly earrings. 
  And what underwear did you have on? 
  Sorry, Trish. 
  It's important we have these details. 
  Er M&S purple bra and pants. 
  They were new. 
  How did you get to the party? 
  I ordered a mini cab from Budmouth Taxis. 
  - What, a male driver? 
  - Lucas. 
  Yeah, he's driven me before. 
  We'd er We'd actually been for a drink once, sort of by accident. 
  I think he thought I had to turn him down. 
  This was the first time I'd seen him since. 
  And who did you talk to at the party? 
  Everyone. 
  Oh, we'll need names, please, Trish. 
  Anyone you can remember, including the women. 
  There was Cath, obviously, Jim, obviously. 
  Er Ian was there. 
  I didn't talk to Sarah. 
  Ed Burnett. 
  I spent most of the time with a couple of other girls from work, Sally and Tina. 
  And that's everyone you talked to all night? 
  That's who I remember, yeah. 
  OK. 
  What did you have to eat and drink? 
  Eat? 
  Not much. 
  Er A couple of bits of quiche and some peanuts. 
  Drink? 
  I was on white wine. 
  Oh, and Tina bought me vodka tonics. 
  How many of each? 
  Er Wine? 
  I dunno. 
  Er, three, four glasses? 
  Vodkas? 
  Two. 
  Oh, wait, yeah, before I went outside, the girls had, erm tequila shots. 
  Two tequila shots. 
  Sounds a lot when you add it up. 
  Especially on an empty stomach. 
  And what time did you go outside? 
  I'm not really sure. 
  About a quarter to eleven, eleven o'clock? 
  I wasn't really looking. 
  They were still serving. 
  And what happened when you went outside? 
  Er Ian, my husband, came out, had a go at me about the cigarette, about drinking. 
  I told him where to go. 
  Again. 
  He went off. 
  I finished my fag. 
  I I heard someone cough nearby. 
  Then I think someone called my name. 
  Or they just said, "Hey". 
  I'm I'm not sure. 
  Which was it, Trish? 
  I don't know. 
  I walked a bit down the path. 
  And then it felt like I was punched in the back of the head. 
  Or Or maybe hit with something. 
  And did it feel like a fist or the flat of a hand or an object? 
  Not a flat hand. 
  No, no, it was more like a I don't know, a piece of wood or something. 
  And what do you remember next? 
  I was on my back with with my hands tied under me. 
  I couldn't breathe properly, there was something in my mouth. 
  Erm My shoes were off. 
  My leggings had been pulled down. 
  And, er a man was having s*x with me. 
  Trish, I know this is going to be very difficult, but I need you to explain exactly what you mean by that. 
  He had his pen1s inside my v*g1n*. 
  And he was moving back and forwards. 
  It It was rough. 
  He hurt me inside. 
  Do you know who that person was? 
  No. 
  No. 
  He covered my eyes. 
  I tried to struggle. 
  But then he He banged my head into the floor. 
  That That's the last thing I remember. 
  And what's the next thing that you do remember? 
  Walking through a field. 
  My head was pounding. 
  The sun was coming up. 
  My My legs were hurting. 
  Yeah. 
  I think that's how I got home. 
  Can you tell us what you did when you got home? 
  Did you bathe or have anything to drink or clean your teeth? 
  No. 
  And, again, erm I'm sorry to ask you this, but when was the last time you had s*x with a man before this happened? 
  Do I have to answer that? 
  Well, it's quite important. 
  It would really help us. 
  It was that morning. 
  Saturday morning. 
  Can you tell us who it was with? 
  Well, it It's nothing to do with what happened. 
  - Was it consensual? 
  - Yes. 
  - And was it protected s*x? 
  - No. 
  Erm, it would really help us if you could tell us who it - It's not connected. 
  - Just to rule them out. 
  - No. 
  - Please, Trish. 
  Right, fine. 
  It's It was a stranger, someone I met online. 
  - Trish, are you sure? 
  - I want to stop, want to stop. 
  - Not yet. 
  - I said, I want to stop! 
  (SIGHS) 
  Please don't say, "I told you so. 
  " Well, we couldn't delay getting her evidence any longer. 
  Why does she not want to tell us? 
  How does that make sense to her? 
  Why did she not tell us beforehand? 
  Do you believe it was a stranger she met on a dating app? 
  Do you? 
  Why would she lie? 
  You see, now I'm thinking, what else isn't Trish telling us? 
  - Hello, you. 
  - Hiya, Dad. 
  I wasn't expecting to see you tonight. 
  I need to talk to you about something. 
  Just between us. 
  Can I come in? 
  MAN ON TV: I said, about half an ounce (PHONE VIBRATES AND CHIMES) 
  Walk down to the water Stare out across the blue Look to where our love Was stolen I take my leave of you 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 