Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - The Gun Model - Manhattan 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - The Gun Model https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=465&t=23021 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/12/14 21:31 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - The Gun Model 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Manhattan"... 
 I gave you the velocity distribution problem because I think you're the only man here who's capable of solving it. 
 You are a once-in-a-generation mind. 
 There's a problem with Thin Man. 
 So what are we gonna do about it? 
 The plan is to prove implosion works before the plutonium arrives. 
 To put everybody around you in jeopardy? 
 Sorry to hear about Glen. 
 He went to go do admin work for Oppenheimer? 
 Helen, there's something I need to ask you. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Are you... 
 This is just work. 
 Of course it is. 
 I need you to put some papers into their house to make it look like Lancefield hid them. 
 I don't even know who I'm talking to. 
 Abby : So you're framing them for something. 
 Dr. Akley. I apologize. 
 It's about a problem we've been working on in implosion. 
 Implosion is Frank Winter country and the border is closed. 
 I believe your border is wide open. 
 Christ. 
 You spooked me. 
 I thought everyone had cleared out for the night. 
 "Boldly they rode and well, Into the jaws of Death, Into the mouth of Hell." 
 You know that one? 
 No, sir. 
 Will you let me know if you see anything out of the ordinary? 
 Nothing's amiss here. 
 Thank you, Edgar. 
 (dog barking) 
 (footsteps) (knocks) (sighs) Reed. What time is it? It's late as far as the javelina are concerned. (sighs) You're in the doghouse, huh? I warned you. Secrets have a way of coming out. Get dressed. We're going for a drive. (theme music playing) I wouldn't know a javelina if it ran right past me. It won't. They can sniff you out from 100 yards. So how are we supposed to shoot one? We're not shooting wild pigs, Charlie. They taste like sh1t and they look too ugly to put on a wall. Dr. Akley? A combat historian I know found out a fascinating detail about our American Gis on the front line. Is that right? We're fighting an army convinced it is a master race destined to dominate all of mankind, an army that puts your women and children in concentration camps. But do you know what four in five of our soldiers do when given the chance to fire at these wretched people? They intentionally miss. 80% of our soldiers can't bear the idea of shooting someone,  even their worst enemy. I doubt I'd be able to. And yet you shot me in the back. Sir, whatever you heard... (gunshot) Charlie, you know how long we've been working on the gun model? Almost a year. 700 years. The Chinese invented firearms in the 13th century. We've been refining them ever since. Thin Man is just the next evolutionary stage,  so why are you trying to sabotage her? Sir, Thin Man was never going to work. With the plutonium that they are making at Site X, Thin Man will predetonate. The spontaneous fission rate is too high. That might be true. No, sir, it is true. But, Charlie, we're not using the plutonium at Site X. I was there. I saw the factory. What you saw at Site X was a pilot plant designed to work out the kinks. I wasn't in Washington, DC, this week. I was in Washington State touring the new reactor that will make the weapons grade plutonium. The army calls it Site W. But why would we think their plutonium would be any cleaner? Because Enrico Fermi personally designed the reactor. I have the fission rates on my desk. It's as good as cyclotron plutonium. It's as good as pure. You've been manipulated by a brilliant but misguided man. Frank Winter is using you to destroy Thin Man. Did Frank know about Site W? He has the same security clearance as I do, at least for now. But why wouldn't he have told me? Charlie, I don't care if implosion wins this war or Thin Man. I don't care if Hitler swallows a shotgun. Every man on this Hill is fighting the same war  except Frank, who's too busy fighting for his own place in history. Tell me, whose idea was it to hijack Thin Man in the first place? Whose idea to try and dupe the most powerful army in the world? Yours? No. Was it Frank's brilliant idea to send Helen Prins over to spy on Thin Man as well? She wasn't involved. Frank's had you on her strings since the minute you got here. He used her to squeeze the plutonium out of you. He sent her to Site X in order to tempt you. What about Tom Lancefield? Is he mixed up in all this? Lancefield found out. Frank said we had to get rid of him. Jesus, Charlie. Sir, I am so sorry. It's okay. It's okay. Right now we have to figure out a way to keep you safe. Last night I pulled every requisition that's come out of my office in the last two months. Every order co-opting our resources for use on implosion. Your signature is on all of them. Plain as day. Jesus. The army uses the same ammo for decent misguided men as it does for spies. You're implicated in a conspiracy to sabotage the most expensive and most secret project in military history. And if it comes out, you're the only one that it will trace back to. And meanwhile, the man who's truly responsible for all this could get away scot-free. (spits) How long does it take Dr. Oppenheimer to walk 300 feet from his office? Where is he? Well, they have central AC and no dust storms at the White House, so you can hardly blame the man for extending his stay. Don't worry. I'll take notes. Gentlemen, we've just gotten word that more than a gram of plutonium will be shipping imminently from the Graphite Reactor at Site X. How imminently? Within a week. Don't forget the postal service doesn't deliver on Sundays. The solid plutonium buttons will be traveling by train in a sealed titanium case. Carried by whom? That's need-to-know information. The last time we shipped plutonium, a sweaty-palmed junior professor nearly got himself killed at a truck stop, so forgive me if I'd like a little background on the person we're entrusting with 100 times as much of the scarcest resource on the planet. He's a heavily armed lieutenant in Tennessee's 5th Ranger Battalion,  the most combat-ready unit in the United States Army. That good enough for you? The train from Knoxville to Santa Fe takes 34 and a quarter hours. Two-thirds of the 50 stops appear on every world map. And do you know where the highest concentrations of German nationals in this country happen to live? The Santa Fe Railroad sold them a few hundred thousand acres of farmland at the turn of the century. We need soldiers in army trucks, aerial support. We need a convoy that can protect itself in case it falls under enemy attack. That operation would delay the shipment by weeks. If we fumble this ball, we won't be looking at delays. The game will be over. Glen? It's a reasonable point. This week I found out that a subordinate of mine was stealing Thin Man secrets from under my nose, a man that I trusted. Now imagine if a traitor like Tom Lancefield were to catch wind of our shipping plans. Now I think that it's time that we all faced reality. There are spies on this Hill. Helen, I'm busy. With what? Not now. Okay, when? Dr. Prins. Just the physicist I wanted to see. How was your trip, sir? I want to tell you something, Helen. Whatever the reason that Charlie recruited you into Thin Man, I'm lucky to have you on my team. Oh, thank you, sir. I'm so glad to be here. You ever hear that old song, "I'm gonna dance with the guy what brung me"? No. I know that Frank brought you to this dance and I know you feel loyal to him. For whatever reason, he inspires that in people. Oh, sir, I'm very grateful... He inspired it in me. Did you know that Frank gave me my first job out of graduate school? Really? Even back then he had a unique mind. He was brilliant. He was iconoclastic. I looked up to him. And then he picked a squabble with the department chair and I leapt to his defense. And next thing I know, Frank's AWOL and I'm left flapping in the Chicago wind. It taught me a valuable lesson about politics. And about Frank. Well, he's not the easiest guy to work with. Great men are not always good men. There's a storm coming. Now, Charlie won't admit it... but I think you're involved in this mess. I'm going to protect Charlie. I'd like to protect you. But I can't help you unless I know that I can trust you. Let me ask you something. Did you even know what you were getting involved in? Sir, I was coerced. (music playing) Woman on P.A. : Speeches will be limited to five minutes so that we may hear from as many candidates as possible... (continues indistinctly) Well, she has got my vote. Who does? Mrs. Winter. It's about time we had a fresh face on the town council. Colonel's gonna wish he were back in the Solomon Islands. Do you think you could get me a meeting with her? I have a few issues I'd like to talk to her about. The new George Zucco picture came out in November and they still haven't shown it in the theater here. Oh, and Jeannie is very concerned about the curfew in the women's dorm. Whoa, whoa, hey, Frank. Where is everybody? I'm starting to feel like the 10th little Indian. No idea. Well, if this were a movie, one of us would be the killer. Helen : Frank! It doesn't make any sense. Charlie has as much to lose as we do. More. I don't know if he told Akley or if somebody else did, but Akley knows. He's got Charlie in his corner. He now thinks he has me. He's lining you up to take the fall for everything. Let's get ahead of this. We'll sound the alarm on Thin Man. We need proof. Well, we'll show them that Baritol can vary the burn rates and how to consolidate the shock waves. It's just a theory. We need a gram of plutonium from Site X to prove Thin Man won't work and implosion will. I know some people at Site X. I can probably get them to rush the shipment. You don't have the authority for that. I'll just tell them I'm acting on Akley's orders. You lie to the army, it won't make a difference what the testing shows. You'll be damaged goods for the rest of this war. Gertrude. Gertrude. Is the colonel here yet? (intercom buzzes) Gertrude : Shall I show you how to use the intercom again, Mr. Babbit? I think Heinrich Himmler loves me more than this intercom. Gertrude. Gertrude. - (intercom buzzes) Sir, you have a visitor. Send the colonel in. (knocks) Never was one for fruit salad on my dress shirts. Or marching for that matter. Sorry, I won't be but a minute. Paul. I heard they moved you in with Oppenheimer's rock collection. How do calcite and pyrite fare as office mates? They're quieter than the janitorial staff. Glen, I need a transfer. I can supervise production at Site X. Or I can man one of the teams in Manhattan. I thought you were committed to implosion. Whoever we once worked for, Frank has become someone else. What happened? I accepted his demands. I put my complete faith in him. And what do I get in return? I'm made a fool. He trusted Helen. He even trusted Charlie Isaacs. But not me. You're not the only one. He didn't tell you, either? (scoffs) You know, I thought maybe that's why you left. You brought him here in the first place. And this is how he repays you. I'll see what I can do about the transfer. That b*st*rd Akley won't have me, either. No good deed on this Hill goes unpunished. I even had the gall to say that I can't be trusted. Even after I... Even after you what? Even after I told him the truth about Frank and Isaacs. You told Akley? What does Isaacs have that I don't? - Operator: Switchboard. I need an outside line. Washington, DC. The White House. I need to speak to Robert Oppenheimer. - Identification number? G-11. One moment. The call could not be completed. Then put me through to the Pentagon switchboard. Sir, you do not have authorization to call off the Hill. That's ridiculous. G-11. I've got tier one security clearance. I'm sorry, your clearance has been downgraded. What? By whose order? I do not have authorization to share that information. To ensure a wider representation among our rapidly expanding population, the town council has seen fit to expand our ranks for the coming term. Today we'll be hearing from several candidates. Mr. Epstein. (light applause) Friends, neighbors, our way of life on this happy Hill is under attack. And we all know who's to blame. Dairy cows. That's why all our milk tastes like sagebrush. Maybe if President Roosevelt had a baby to feed, he'd realize... I was bird-watching. I wasn't lurking. And for my opponent to suggest that I'm some kind of Peeping Tom is, frankly, outrageous. (light applause) Glen, how's it feel to finally be able to move freely between buildings? Can we review your concept on the plan we discussed? The plutonium transport. I think we can strong-arm the army into releasing a convoy in the next few days. Leave those with my girl. I'll get back to you. Honestly, Glen, I don't think that what we discussed is sufficient. We have to consider more extreme measures. Even if it means pushing the delivery back a few more weeks. (light applause) And finally we have Mrs.... excuse me... Dr. Liza Winter. (man coughs) Hello. Some of you may know me from my work at the medical clinic. Or as the wife of one of the group heads in the tech area. But I suspect I am best known for throwing a tantrum in the military offices and an unauthorized bonfire in my own backyard. (whispering) You see, I have a condition. Don't worry, it's not contagious. My doctor tells me that I have a neurotic character. Which, when properly medicated as it is now, is no more neurotic than any other in this room. And now I can see that you are wondering why I'm sharing this information with you. I don't believe in keeping secrets anymore. You see, I've lived on this Hill for over a year and I've been watching how the army deploys information control. To erode our community. Colonel, you have packed 4,000 civilians into an army base zoned for 400. You have asked us to live without bathtubs and stoves, reliable electricity, fresh produce... and that's fine. I think we all agree we're happy to make those sacrifices  of modern conveniences if it's gonna help us win this war. But our boys overseas, they are fighting and they are dying to defend our constitutional rights. Now is the time for someone to explain precisely what rights we have when we live within these fences  and what recourse we have if we feel those rights have been abridged. I believe that the war for American values is being waged right here on this Hill. I believe transparency is the lifeblood of democracy. I'm asking for your vote. You and your wife in the same day. Lucky me. Site X was supposed to be shipping the plutonium this month. I need you to tell me when it's scheduled to arrive. You don't have the clearance for that information anymore. Then get Secretary Stimson on the phone. It was his office that downgraded your clearance. Apparently you pissed on the wrong fire hydrant this time, Dr. Winter. I know that plutonium is ready. I talked to Tennessee weeks ago. I can't help you. Thin Man won't work. What? 20 years from now, every government on this planet will know how to design a bomb, but they won't be able to build it because purifying plutonium to a base level takes more manpower and resources than building the pyramids. Thin Man needs fuel that's 100 times more pure than even we can make. It is completely impossible. That's a troubling theory. Just as it was troubling to hear your other 15 theories over the past year for why your model is better than Akley's. This isn't a theory. When the plutonium arrives, it will be a fact. Thin Man will predetonate. You're talking about work that isn't yours, Frank. About a group that isn't yours. How did you come to know something like that? I have it on good authority. No one knows the penalties for violating compartmentalization better than you. G-2 has been in this office almost every day asking me whether you or your friends are Commies or spies. If you feel something needs to be reported, I suggest we get them in here before you say another word. Gertrude. Yes, sir? Get me an outside line. 
 
 (bell rings) Woman on P.A. : Just a reminder... all residents are expected to make their best effort to conserve water. The military appreciates your cooperation. (footsteps) (gasps) Hello. (clears throat) Hello. I'm sorry, but I think this is my house. They told us we were taking over 128B. I'm Evelyn. My husband and I just drove in from Berkeley. We're so relieved to finally be here. Looks like they left in kind of a hurry. What's wrong with you? Wake up. Damn it. He can split the atom, but ask the man to tie a half Windsor... I can fix my own tie. You know, Elsa picked out Albert's clothes for him until the day she died. Men like you shouldn't waste your brains on apparel. Honey, I'm not Albert Einstein. No, he didn't liberate Europe. Can I ask you something? Anything. You know, General Eisenhower might win this war without us. We might not even need the gadget. There's always the Japanese. Anyway, I was just thinking... maybe we should just go back to Chicago. Oh, honey. You are sweet, but we both know they're going to call you to Washington and you can't refuse the president. Imagine all the dinner invitations. I'm exhausted just thinking about it. I don't know about that. (sighs) I wish you weren't so modest. - At least with me. (knocking on door) (clears throat) Dr. Akley. There's a call for you. Director of Operations at Site X. He says he needs to speak with you immediately. (knocking) Mrs. Isaacs. Is he here? What the hell are you doing here? Someone will see you. Meet me at the armory in 30 minutes. Fine. You gonna leave me sitting on my ass like you did yesterday? You need to leave. It's true. You've been listening to Akley. I've been listening to reason. What did you tell him? Nothing. Nothing he didn't already know. Oh. I never should have knocked on your door. I guess Reed Akley's figured out a way to rewrite the laws of physics. Prevent Thin Man from blowing up in his face. Actually, he has. It's a new reactor up in Washington. I think you've heard of it. What, Site W plutonium? That's his magic bullet? The only thing Site W has on Site X is a river view. A factory is a factory. They'll never make plutonium Thin Man can use. Akley told me you'd say that. Oh, Jesus. You can't trust him, Charlie. Oh, but I can trust you? Implosion works. We both know that. Implosion works in theory. You have no idea what we'll find out when the plutonium arrives. Listen to me. Akley manipulated the secretary into suspending my security clearance. But you, you can push operations to get that plutonium here immediately. Right, because it's always up to me. Every detonator, every requisition, every inch of Primacord, they all trace back to me. Why is that? We're talking about winning a world war. You're thinking about signatures on forms? You set me up. I should have known it. I should have known you would fold at the very first sign of resistance. Get the hell out of my house. (scoffs) Yeah, you're right. I should give you time to say good-bye to your wife. 'Cause when the army and G-2 find out about this, they'll be knocking on your door. But not for the first time, right, Charlie? I mean, you lied about Babbit. You lied about Richard Lavro. You forced me to lie. Do you... do you really think they'll care? You know what I think? You've compromised every member of your group. You alienated your mentor. A year in this desert has driven your wife insane. So your name has to be on the bomb or you did it all for nothing. I am not going to be the last casualty of Frank Winter's ego. Abby, I don't know what you heard, but... I heard plenty. I made a mistake. I listened to the wrong man. Dr. Akley gave me an opportunity and I betrayed his trust. But... he's given me a second chance. A clean slate. There's no such thing as a clean slate. For any of us. There is. I lost my bearings for a little while, that's all. There's no difference. What? Between Frank Winter and Reed Akley. That's not a choice. One tried to destroy our marriage, the other dragged us into this trap in the first place. I'm not sure which is worse. Abby. You are a pawn in some kind of political game. And you made me a pawn, too. I framed a man and his wife, my friend. And for what? I told you, I listened to the wrong person, but I'm fixing it. But the man I married had his own mind. What happened to him? What happened to you? When was the last time that you told me that you loved me? You've barely touched me in months. I'm going home, Charlie. You can't. The army won't allow it. I looked into it. There's one way that they will. What way? If we're divorced. The problem is that neither Clark Kent nor Bruce Wayne has a sense of humor. I know their parents died, and that's really sad, but... Honestly, even I get tired of superhero orphans. Exactly. They should make a comic book about you. (chuckles) I mean, you already have an origin story, right? I do? You remember how the Flash got his powers? Yeah. He inhaled heavy water vapors in the laboratory. Didn't you inhale something, too? I do have an origin story. (laughs) Huh. (knocks on door) (knocking) Dr. Babbit? Sorry to interrupt. Oh, God, are you two... I need your help. (knocks) There he is. I've been looking over all your concerns. Now, our muzzle velocity is 910 meters per second. Barrel pressure is sitting in the range of 75,000 pounds per square inch. We can do better. Sir. If we extend the barrel, the plutonium can reach a higher rate of speed, but there are only two airplanes on the planet that can clear the ground with an 8,000-pound bomb. Neither can accommodate a longer... Dr. Akley. What is it? I can't continue on the project. I've thought long and hard. Today is my last day. Charlie. It's not accepted. Sir, I appreciate your generosity... My generosity is the only thing standing between you and a firing squad. Under the circumstances, I don't think two weeks' notice is a hell of a lot to ask. If you have to report me to Oppenheimer, I understand, but I am done. Just like that? I wish I'd done it six months ago. What about our boys in uniform? 70,000 of them headed for Europe. You don't care what happens to them? You'll have to finish without me. I can't. Charlie, we're going to beat Werner Heisenberg, the two of us. Why the hell do you think I recruited you in the first place? "A New Approach to Nuclear Cosmology." You changed the way we think about the universe, the way we think about the creation of the elements. You can fix Thin Man. I thought Thin Man wasn't broken. It's not. It just needs some modifications. You knew. What? You knew Thin Man was going to fail. Jesus, Charlie. There's no certainties in nuclear science. You knew. You knew and you kept it a secret. The plutonium from Site W, it's no different from Site X plutonium, is it? Of course it is. Prove it. Charlie... You said you had the fission rates on your desk. Show them to me. Even if you had the clearance... You have to trust me. I don't. Admit that you're lying or I walk out that door. I can't fix this on my own. But the two of us together... My God. Charlie, don't walk away from me when I'm talking to you! Charlie, don't walk out that door! (horn honks) Soldier : You're clear. Go ahead. We're here to pick up a delivery for Dr. Oppenheimer. Dr. Sinclair. Did you have any trouble finding our little Hill? I had trouble finding a taxi in Santa Fe that would pick up a Negro. Is that all you brought? 1.12 grams of plutonium. Plus every stitch of clothing I own. I left Tennessee as soon as you called. Where is Dr. Oppenheimer? Don't worry. He'll catch wind of this soon enough. You said you were calling on his authority and that he would find me a permanent position here. Dr. Sinclair, you have a bright future on the Hill. And that makes one of us. Wait, what about me? Dr. Winter. I hear they're making a movie. I'm sorry? A nervous-looking fella was here. He asked me to return that to you. Oh, thank you. (shaky breath) (taps) Hey. Hey. What are you doing here? Um... I had nowhere else to go. I'm the one who told Frank about you and Akley. I know. But you didn't tell Akley about me. I forced you into this in the first place. I made my own choices. What happens next? There is no next. In 24 hours, I'll be off this Hill one way or the other. Do you have a place to sleep? (breathing heavily) Charlie. Frank. (coyote howls) Did Isaacs send you? No. What do you want? The only thing that any of us wants. What do you want from me? Your help. With Thin Man. Thin Man is dead. Then we'll bring it back to life. You'll imagine a way. You did the best you could, Reed. But your bomb won't run on imagination. You don't have to do this. Just talk to Oppenheimer. Tell him why the gun model won't work. By the time the plutonium gets here, you will look like a goddamn hero. It's already here. It's in the metallurgy lab. Oppenheimer's office arranged an accelerated delivery. It appears you still have a friend on this Hill. We both have blood on our hands. If the army finds out what happened here... you and I are gonna end up in the brig together. But not if we make a unified front. This project won't survive without us. So we talk to Robert tonight, together. We let him know that implosion is the only way forward. You'd work with me? If it gets us there before the Germans, I will work for you. Reed, in a few months, this won't be about burn rates and shock waves and supercompression. It'll be about advising the army and the White House on how to use the most powerful weapon in the history of mankind. And I think you and I both know I don't belong in a room with the president. Come on. Let's go to the metallurgy lab. Frank. What would you have done... if you thought that implosion might not work? Let it go. Six months from now, all anyone's going to remember is that we built it. (sighs) (gunshot) Reed! Reed! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 