Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Going Rogue - The Flash 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Going Rogue https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=57&t=14302 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/29/14 08:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Going Rogue 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Barry Allen, and I am the fastest man alive. When I was a child I saw my mother killed by something impossible. My father went to prison for her murder. Then an accident made me the impossible. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly, I use my speed to fight crime and find others like me. And one day, I'll find who killed my mother... 
 Mom! 
 And get justice for my father. I am the Flash. 
 Previously on  The Flash... 
 What did you say your name was again? 
 Barry Allen. 
 Felicity. 
 [Gasps] 
 How's Barry doing? 
 It's a secret. 
 What kind of secret? 
 The kind I have to keep. 
 I just have a little experience with liking someone who doesn't see the same way. 
 Dad, the thing is... 
 You two are dating. 
 So you're not mad. 
 Oh, I'm mad. 
 [Free's  All Right Now  playing] 
 What does the fastest man alive do on his day off? 
 Before the lightning bolt, if I wasn't still at the crime lab, I'd be at home chilling, but now my days off are different. 
 Now they aren't so lonely. 
 The lightning didn't just give me speed. 
 It also gave me friends. 
 This isn't even remotely anatomically correct. 
 That's not the point, Dr. Snow. 
 Then what is the point? 
 To have fun. 
 And to continue your ongoing training by testing the speed of your mind by pushing your ability to multitask. 
 I'm waiting on you, Dr. Wells. 
 182 seconds, gentlemen. 
 Heads up! I think we got something. 
 2-11, 2-11. We're being robbed! 
 Hey, cool it. 
 158 seconds to go. 
 Checkmate. 
 Wait, checkmate? 
 Checkmate. 
 I guess we still have a few things left to learn, don't we, Mr. Allen? 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Armed robbery at 4th and Collins. 
 For the record, I crushed it in  operation  and ping pong. 
 [Buzzer] 
 It's not as easy as it looks. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Ugh! 
 Where's the nearest hospital? 
 St. Andrews... Seven blocks north, two east. 
 Call the ER, tell them they have an incoming GSW. 
 Let's go. I want this locked up all the way to the end of the block. 
 Tow truck was stolen. 
 Driver of the armored car is in a stable condition at St. Andrews, and no one's exactly sure how he got there. 
 Did you check the security cameras? 
 Camera's storage drive was stolen. 
 Guys are pros. 
 Everything's still here, including what I think they were after, the Kahndaq dynasty diamond. 
 It was on its way to central city museum for exhibition. 
 Right, Iris is trying to talk me into going. 
 I'm not much of a museum guy, but when she really wants to do something... 
 I'm just going to walk away now. 
 Sorry, captain. I was at the hospital visiting a friend. 
 There's nothing missing. 
 It looks like someone interrupted a robbery. 
 Guard says there was three of them. 
 Actually, there was four. 
 I mean, that's how many I would bring if I were doing a robbery of this nature. 
 That's definitely a four guy truck. 
 A driver, two more to cover the guards, and... 
 Somebody used liquid nitrogen to crack open this door, so four bad guys. 
 Thank you, Mr. Allen, for your brilliant insight. 
 For somebody so fast, you're a little slow on the improvising. 
 Did you see anything that could help us catch these guys? 
 Yeah, one of them lost his mask. 
 I saw his face. 
 So look through these mug shots of Central City's most wanted, and see if you can find our guy. 
 That's him. 
 Damn. 
 Leonard Snart. 
 Leonard? That's almost as bad as Bartholomew. 
 Snart ain't sexy, either. 
 Snart's father was a cop... 
 Was a bad cop. 
 Took his anger out on his kids until he went to prison. 
 Snart's dad's in prison too? 
 We should start a club. 
 He shows up, like, every six months. 
 He cases a job for weeks before he makes his move. 
 Then, he does the job... Gets away. 
 That's before The Streak was around. 
 Did you just refer to yourself in the third person? 
 I referred to The Streak, which I'm pretty sure I can top. 
 I've been thinking of a new name. 
 What do you think about The Fla... 
 Coffee break. 
 Thought I would bring Central City's finest java over to Central City's finest. 
 Thanks. I'm off caffeine. 
 My dad's been mad at me every since I told him about me and Eddie. 
 No, you mean he's mad at you because you didn't tell him. 
 Uh, first, that sounds like you're taking his side, and second, do you know how he does this whole, “I'm not talking to you, but I have a whole bag full of judgmental looks I'm gonna try out on you later” 
 yeah, I've been on the receiving end of those a few times. 
 Speaking of communications, or lack thereof, after all of these journalism classes, I got an idea. 
 Huh. 
 I started a blog. 
 All right, what's it about? Your brownie obsession? 
 'Cause, you know, you probably shouldn't broadcast that. 
 No, something important. 
 Something that Central City needs to know about, The Streak. 
 He's out there, Barry. 
 Rumor has it, he stopped an armed car robbery earlier. 
 I was hoping that I could take a look at the file, and... 
 What? I'm not at liberty to discuss an ongoing police investigation with you. 
 Since when, Mr. Blabbermouth? 
 Take it from someone who's been investigating the impossible since they were 11. 
 Blogging about this is only gonna bring the crazies to your front door. 
 My blog is anonymous. 
 All right, well, anonymous or not, it's not safe. 
 You never know what kind of weirdos are out there trolling on the internet. 
 I can vouch for that. 
 The internet is full of weirdos and nerd rage... 
 Lots and lots of nerd rage. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Hi. Felicity Smoak. 
 Iris West. 
 Barry Allen. 
 But you both already knew that. Felicity is... 
 The girl that you met in Starling City, the computerer, right? 
 You two worked on one of Barry's unexplainable cases. 
 Which, long story short, was definitely explainable. 
 So the lightning came through here? 
 Yeah. 
 There's been some rumors the last few weeks. 
 People seen a red blur tearing through the streets. 
 What the hell is it, man? 
 Maybe it was a drone. 
 Some top secret army thing. 
 When I was a kid, my grandfather used to take my sister and me to this diner, the motorcar. 
 Food was for crap, but the view was great, right across from the Central City precinct. 
 I still go there. I listen to their radios. 
 I learn their response times. 
 There are 40 banks in Central City, each of them within 60 seconds of police response. 
 That's the advantage of hitting a moving target. 
 Once the armored car called 911, we had 182 seconds before any cop could be on the scene. 
 No one could have gotten there fast enough to stop us. 
 But something did, and you lost your cool. 
 You know the rules. 
 We don't shoot guards or cops unless it's the only option. 
 We don't need the heat. 
 The heat? 
 What the hell do you think the blur is, Snart? 
 Right. Screw this. 
 Screw you. I'm out. 
 [Gunshot] 
 Well, if you're out, you're out. 
 This blur is a man. 
 We're gonna have to up our game. 
 Iris seems very nice. 
 And really pretty. Like,  super  pretty. 
 Congratulations. 
 Well, Iris isn't my girlfriend. 
 She's just a friend who actually has a boyfriend. 
 Oh, that's... Interesting, I guess. 
 What are you really doing here? 
 I mean, it's good to see you, but do you and Oliver need something, or... 
 No, no, I came because I wanted to see you. 
 I heard you were out of the coma. 
 Didn't call, didn't write, didn't race over... 
 Oliver told you? 
 Honestly, I heard you two talking on that rooftop in Starling City that night. 
 I want to see it. 
 And by “it,” I mean your speed, in case you thought I was talking about something else, which I... which I was not. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, you see that building? 
 Uh-huh. 
 Keep your eyes on it. 
 Whoo-hoo! 
 Whoa. [Gasps] 
 You took a picture of me? 
 From the top of that building? 
 Yeah. Don't instagram that. 
 Unbelievable. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Your shoes are smoking. 
 That... that's fine. It's... it happens sometimes. 
 It's why I have a friction-proof suit. 
 Where did you get that? 
 I'll show you. 
 And this is where my team monitors the police bands for criminal activity. 
 We can track anything that's happening in the city. 
 Check this out. 
 We've got our own satellite. 
 I know. 
 I've hacked into it from time to time. 
 Rude. 
 It is, of course, so wonderful to see you again, Felicity. 
 I'm just wondering how much of our operation she needs to know about. 
 I'm really good at keeping secrets. 
 Yeah, Felicity works with The Arrow. 
 Sweet. 
 And you apparently are not. 
 Now it's all making sense. 
 You know who The Arrow is. 
 Wait, do you know who The Arrow is? 
 Uh... 
 Let's just say that my team has a similar set up, but with... More pointy objects. 
 Welcome, Ms. Smoak. 
 Dr. Wells? 
 The  Dr. Wells? 
 Please, call me Harrison, Felicity. 
 Oh, you know who I am? 
 Ranked second in the national informative technology competition at age 19, graduated M.I.T. With masters degree in cyber security and computer sciences. 
 I know who you are. 
 I keep an eye out for promising talent in scientific fields. 
 It's what brought me Cisco, Caitlin, and I foresaw great things from you. 
 Speaking of great things, want to see something cool? 
 How fast can he run? 
 He hasn't reached his top speed yet, theoretically speaking. 
 So is he really okay? 
 His heart rate is within normal range for him. 
 No, I mean, the lightning bolt changed him. 
 Do any of you really know how much? 
 We know a fair amount. 
 If everything about him is sped up, is he going to age faster? 
 What would happen if he ran too fast? 
 I mean, would he just be running, and then, poof, he's dust in a red costume? 
 Everything we do here at S.T.A.R. Labs is to protect Barry Allen. 
 Trust us, Felicity, he is in very good hands here. 
 Want to see how fast I can run backwards? 
 [Crash] 
 Don't worry. He heals quickly too. 
 Eh, I don't get it. 
 Why would Snart come here? 
 Snart's been deterred before, but once he goes after something, he doesn't stop until he gets it, ever. 
 Joe, I want you to know that I'm really serious about Iris. 
 She's an amazing woman, and I can really see myself... 
 I ever tell you about that wild night I had my last day of college? 
 I don't think so. No? 
 Not even after we kicked back a few beers after work? 
 We've never done that. 
 Oh, right. 
 That's the things I do with my friends, and since we've never done those things we ain't friends. 
 So there's actually no reason I need to know about your dating life. 
 I just don't want my personal relationship with your daughter to affect our working relationship. 
 It ain't about you, Eddie. It's about her. 
 So as long as we don't talk about you and her, we will be cool. 
 Maybe we should just listen to the radio. 
 ♪ When a man loves a woman ♪ 
 ♪ let's get it on ♪ 
 [Vocalizing] 
 [Music stops abruptly] 
 Quiet is good. 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, you two. 
 Hey. 
 We're not a two. 
 Oh, no. We are a one and one. 
 Yeah. 
 Has Barry been showing you some of the sights in Central City? 
 Yes, I have seen some pretty amazing things. 
 Really? 
 Well, if you've got some time, maybe we can show you some of Central City's night life. 
 Oh, no. 
 I get plenty of night life in Starling City. 
 Oh, this is something that I don't think that you're gonna want to miss. 
 Trivia night at Jitters. 
 Eddie's not really excited about it, I admit. 
 But it could be our night, guys. 
 Our night to win $75 worth of cappuccinos. 
 Uh, yum. 
 You know what, I'm gonna go call work, check in, make sure everything's okay. 
 I'll be back in a second. 
 Why are you doing this? 
 Doing what? 
 The trivia night with you and Eddie, forcing this whole double date thing. 
 Because that girl is great, and she happens to come from your very rare species of adorable nerds. 
 Why didn't you tell me more about her? 
 There's nothing to tell. 
 She's just a friend. 
 Barry, girls don't just hop on trains and travel hundreds of miles to see someone that they don't like. 
 See, this is why you need my help. 
 Bring her tonight. 
 We'll have fun. 
 Yeah, fun. 
 You wanted state of the art, Snart. 
 I bring you state of the art, my good sir. 
 What's this? 
 It might not look like much, but never judge a book by its cover, you know? 
 Fires highly concentrated, combustible liquid fuel that ignites on contact with the air. 
 I don't need to heat things up. 
 I need to slow them down. 
 That's the one, then. 
 You were drawn right to it. 
 Stolen from S.T.A.R. Labs after the incident, and with nothing but a skeleton security crew to guard the tech inside. 
 Emits some sort of substance. I'm not sure what it is. 
 Like a white flame, but it's not hot, it's cold. 
 Glasses look like they're made of the same tech. 
 What are they for? 
 The glare. You'll see. 
 Who else knows you took this? 
 Just us. 
 No, just me. 
 Sorry, pal. 
 Party people, who's ready to get their trivia on? 
 [Applause and cheering] 
 Okay, everybody, welcome. We've got some new challengers. 
 Please, welcome e=mc Hammer. 
 No, you see, I did it because E=mc squared is Einstein's formula for kinetic energy, right? 
 And, you know,  can't touch this. 
 That's great, Barry. 
 So where is Felicity? 
 I'm not sure. 
 I told her it started at... 
 Feel free to buy yourself that dress. 
 [Laughs] I totally overdressed for trivia night. 
 No, you look amazing. 
 Yeah, you do. 
 E=mc hammer. 
 That's funny. 
 See? 
 It wasn't until 1852, when the transcontinental railroad laid their tracks through this thriving cattle town, that we became officially incorporated. 
 That same year, the worst flood this area's ever seen hit. 
 But from that disaster rose Central City's greatest hero, cattle rancher Bobby “Bovine” Mcfeely. 
 Bovine Mcfeely saved 17 cows from the great flood. 
 Hey, kid. Gum? 
 And now, for the exhibit I'm sure you've all come here to see, the historic Kahndaq dynasty diamond. 
 Be careful. Get too close and you'll set off the proximity alarms. 
 Wouldn't want to do that. 
 [Phone dialing] 
 [Line trilling] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 Three is Pasteur. 
 Mm-mm. 
 Three is Erdel, and four is Pasteur. 
 Right. 
 Five? 
 Both : Descartes. 
 Are they even speaking English? 
 And the points go to E=mc Hammer. 
 I knew you two would make a good team. 
 So, Felicity, what do you do? 
 I work in computer sciences at Queen Consolidated. 
 Really? Do you have a boyfriend in Starling City? 
 No, no, there is no one. 
 I'll get us some more drinks. 
 And I had too many of those first ones, so I will be right back. 
 What? 
 Dude. 
 Dude? Wha... 
 Are you still gonna tell me that she's not into you? 
 Look at that dress.  
 And when I asked her the boyfriend question, she froze. 
 Yeah, you were particularly sly with that one. 
 Felicity is smart, nice, and pretty. 
 And most importantly, she is the first girl at I have seen you with that really understands and appreciates you for the amazing person that I am always telling you that you are. She's perfect for you, so what are you waiting for, Barry? 
 
 
 
 How long has it been missing? 
 I don't know. 
 I'm gonna ask you again, Cisco. But when I do, I expect a more specific answer than “I don't know.” now, how long has this weapon been gone? 
 A day, maybe two. 
 One of the janitors didn't show up for work this morning. 
 He was probably the one who took it. 
 I didn't think that... 
 You didn't think, because if you had, you would have discussed with me first your desire to build something that could, in theory, hurt anyone, and in particular, Barry Allen. 
 I'm sorry. 
 If you just let me explain... 
 You know how I feel about weapons, cisco. 
 They do not belong in S.T.A.R. Labs. 
 Now, you are gonna figure out a way to locate this gun, and you are gonna do it right now. 
 This thing you built, what can it do? 
 Bad stuff. 
 You said to call if there was anything suspicious. 
 This guy went through the tour twice. 
 Nobody does that. 
 This is Detective West. 
 I have a visual on Leonard Snart at the museum. 
 Requesting immediate back up. 
 [Buzzer] 
 I'm sorry. I thought I knew it, and I got excited, and I... I just hit it. 
 No, I mean, maybe they'll get it wrong too. 
 Oh, yeah. I am sure that the team named Pride and Padawans doesn't know the name to Han Solo's ship. 
 Oh, honey, you are so cute when you're confused. 
 [Cell phone beeping] 
 Someone spotted snart. 
 I gotta go. 
 I'll cover for you. 
 All right, what are you gonna say? 
 I usually tell people Oliver's at a night club with a girl or nursing a hangover. 
 None of which will work for me. 
 Bad stomach ache... Really bad diarrhea. 
 Yeah, I'm not comfortable with that excuse. 
 Just go. 
 Stay safe. 
 And I'm talking to air now, which is odd. 
 And I'm still doing it. 
 [Tires squealing] 
 [Horn honking] 
 Snart! 
 [Siren wailing] 
 [Grunts] 
 [Crowd screaming] 
 [Gun clicks, whirs] 
 You okay? 
 Ahh, aah, it burns. 
 Time for a test run. 
 Let's see how fast you are. 
 Gah! 
 [Strained breathing] 
 No! 
 No. 
 It's still numb. 
 It's presenting itself like third degree frostbite. 
 I thought he had hyper healing. 
 It's been slowed. 
 If your cells weren't regenerating at the rate they are, your blood vessels would have frozen solid and the nerve damage would have been permanent. 
 You're lucky to be alive. 
 Snart wasn't another meta-human. 
 He has some kind of gun. 
 It froze things, slowed me down... 
 Enough that I wasn't in time to save someone. 
 According to his record, Snart didn't even bother to finish high school, so how did he build a handheld high tech snow machine? 
 S.T.A.R. Labs built the cold gun. 
 Dr. Wells and Caitlin had nothing to do with this. 
 I built the gun. 
 You did? 
 Why? 
 Because speed and cold are opposites. 
 Temperature is measured by how quickly the atoms of something are oscillating. 
 The faster they are, the hotter it is, and when then are cold, they're slower on the atomic level. 
 When there's no movement at all, it's called... 
 Absolute zero. 
 Yeah. 
 I designed a compact cryo engine to achieve absolute zero. 
 I built it to stop you. 
 I didn't know who you were then, Barry. 
 I mean, what if you turned out to be some psycho, like Mardon or Nimbus? 
 But I didn't. Did I? 
 We built the entire structure you're standing in to do good, and it blew up. 
 In the wake of that, you can understand why Cisco would want to be prepared for the worst. 
 I can understand that, but what I can't understand is why you didn't tell me what you did. 
 I mean, after all we've been through, I thought you trusted me. 
 I thought we were friends. 
 We are, Barry. 
 I mean, if you would have just told me, I could have been prepared. 
 But instead, someone died tonight. 
 And I have to live with that. 
 No, Cisco. We all do. 
 [On television] Theatergoers remain shaken after surviving tonight's brutal and bizarre attack in a downtown theater... 
 The news... Are you okay? 
 I'm fine. 
 How long is this gonna go on? 
 Seems like the cold treatment is going around. 
 Not now, Iris, please. 
 Yes, now. 
 You did the same thing when I tried to sign up for the police academy without telling you. 
 You didn't speak to me for weeks... 
 Not until I withdrew my application. 
 Well, I am not withdrawing this time, dad. 
 I am dating Eddie whether you like it or not. 
 Eddie's my partner. 
 I know. 
 But you don't. You're not a cop. 
 You don't know what having a partner means. 
 Wherever I go, he goes, and where I go isn't always safe, Iris. 
 I need to be 100% focused. 
 Now, there's a part of me that isn't focused, that doesn't see Eddie as my partner, but as your boyfriend. 
 So if he gets hurt or worse, and I'm there, how am I gonna look at you? 
 How you gonna look at me? 
 Now, I'm not mad at you, but that's why this is so hard for me. 
 Do you understand? 
 We're going back tonight. 
 Back where? 
 To the museum. 
 That diamond isn't going to steal itself. 
 Super gun freeze your brain, Snart? 
 The museum's gonna be crawling with police by now, and The Streak. 
 This can stop The Streak. 
 It hurt him, and I know his real weakness. 
 So we go, unless you want out. 
 We both want out... Alive. 
 So you thought ahead and made a plan. 
 Least I taught you something. 
 So what are you waiting for? 
 Shoot me. 
 You better put a bullet in my brain right now, because if you don't, if I ever see either one of you again... 
 You don't get it, do you? 
 This blur is out there, and Central City ain't your playground anymore. 
 Sure, it is. 
 Barry? 
 Barry. 
 What? What are you doing? 
 You should go back to your hotel. 
 Get some sleep. 
 You should too. 
 Not go back to my hotel... I meant get some sleep. 
 I can't. 
 Every time I close my eyes, I see that man's face. 
 I watched him die. 
 I have to go faster. 
 Barry, it's not your fault. 
 And it's not Cisco's, either. 
 Barry, I know you're upset, but you have to look at this from his point of view. 
 No, I get it. 
 He didn't trust me. 
 Barry, when you met us... Me, Oliver, and Dig... 
 We were this well-oiled archery machine. 
 But it didn't start out that way. 
 And unlike you guys, we weren't tossed together overnight. 
 We came together one at a time. 
 Believe me, it took much more than watching Oliver do the salmon ladder to make me trust him. 
 [Scoffs] 
 I've seen firsthand what this life can do to people. 
 It's a lonely path. 
 Don't make it any lonelier than it has to be. 
 Freeze! 
 You want to end up like that door? 
 Hi there. 
 I figured out a way to track Captain Cold. 
 You gotta stop naming these guys. 
 Barry, listen to him. 
 How? 
 The cold gun is powered by an engine control unit, a microcomputer that regulates air-to-fuel ratios so the sub-cooled fluid in the chambers don't overflow and... 
 Explode. 
 Right. 
 This E.C.U. was receiving updates wirelessly from my tablet. 
 If I boost the signal using Central City's network and send a false update, we'll get a ping back, and then... 
 We can locate Snart. 
 How long will it take? 
 First I have to hack into the City's network, so I don't know, 30 minutes, maybe? 
 I can do it in less than one. 
 When it comes to hacking, I'm the fastest woman alive. 
 Ow! That was not as badass as I pictured. 
 All right, I'm in. 
 Are you kidding? 
 All right, I'm sending the updates. 
 We're connected. 
 Network is triangulating the location. 
 We got him. He's heading west on Nelson toward the train station. 
 If he's leaving, it appears Mr. Snart may have gotten what he came for. 
 When we put our minds to it, dude, nothing can stop us. 
 Oh, you turned your ear piece off. 
 How are we gonna talk to each other? 
 I don't feel like talking right now. 
 [Over radio] All available units, suspect spotted at Central City train station. 
 We got Snart. 
 Wait here for back up. 
 Wait for back up? No way. 
 That's an order. 
 You should go after Barry. 
 You heard him, Felicity. 
 He wants to do this alone. 
 Of course, he said that. 
 He's hurt. 
 You're his team and his friends. 
 If I had a nickel for every time The Arrow told me to back off, I would be as rich as Oliver Queen, who I mention because he's the richest person I know, or used to be. 
 The point is, you have your partner's back no matter what. 
 I have something that might help. 
 [Gunshot] 
 I'm your partner, not your assistant. 
 There's nowhere to run. 
 I didn't see you before. 
 Your mom know you're out past your bedtime? 
 If you wanted to get away you should've taken something faster than a train. 
 That's if I wanted to get away. 
 I've seen your weakness at the armored car, then at the theater. 
 See, while you're busy saving everybody, I'll be saving myself. 
 Good luck with that. 
 Ahh! 
 Pretty fast, kid, but not fast enough. 
 Thank you. 
 For what? 
 You forced me to up my game, not only with this gun, but with how I think about the job. 
 It's been educational. 
 Drop it. 
 [Gun whirring] 
 This is a prototype cold gun, four times the size, four times the power. 
 I was wondering who you were talking to. 
 Hey, unless you want a taste of your own medicine, I'd back the hell up. 
 Your hands are shaking. 
 You've never killed anyone. 
 There's a first time for everything, Captain Cold. 
 I will shoot you. 
 You win, kid. 
 I'll see you around. 
 Hey, leave the diamond. 
 Don't push your luck. 
 [Machine powering down] 
 Couldn't shoot him if I wanted to. 
 This is actually the S.T.A.R. Labs vacuum cleaner with a lot of L.E.D's. 
 Let's get you warm. 
 Thank you. 
 We've been trying to track Snart, but he must have disconnected the signal somehow. 
 We'll find him, Cisco, together. 
 You have a great team here, Barry. 
 Speaking of teams, I should probably get back to mine. 
 It was nice meeting you, Ms. Smoak. 
 Please extend a hello to The Arrow for us. 
 I will. 
 Good-bye, Felicity. 
 Bye, Barry. 
 Remarkable young woman. 
 She's special. 
 Yeah, she is. 
 Cisco, don't you ever do anything like that again. 
 Do you understand me? 
 Yes, sir. 
 Hey, dad. 
 Hey. 
 If you're looking for Eddie, he's in evidence. 
 I am looking for you. 
 I came to apologize... Again. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You're really trying to hit that magic number, aren't you? 
 Look, dad, I just want you to know that there is nothing that you could do that would ever change the way that I look at you. 
 And I'm sorry. 
 I should have thought about how it would affect you if Eddie and I... 
 Listen... 
 Chasing down this Snart character tonight? 
 He had the draw on me. 
 Eddie saved my life. 
 Maybe I underestimated him. 
 From now on, no more secrets. 
 No more secrets. 
 Well, go see Eddie. 
 Okay. 
 Thank him for watching out for your old man. 
 [Yelps] 
 [Laughs] 
 Did I just yelp? 
 Yeah. 
 I yelped. 
 I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. 
 Don't tell me you're here to save me. 
 Taking the train is still one of the safest ways to travel. 
 I thought that was airplanes. 
 Mm... 
 You remember when you told me you had a little experience liking somebody who didn't see you the same way? 
 That was Iris, right? 
 How did you know? 
 It's the little things. 
 The way you linger on her when she isn't looking, the smile you fake to play the part, quiet dreams you keep to yourself. 
 Like you and Oliver. 
 Takes one to know one. 
 I'm afraid it'll change everything. 
 It will, but maybe that's not such a bad thing. 
 What is wrong with us? 
 We are perfectly perfect for each other. 
 Yet we're sitting here, pining for people we can't have. 
 I guess what they say is true. 
 Opposites do attract. 
 If you ever need anything, I will race over in a heartbeat. 
 Same. 
 Well, as fast I can run, which might take me a while, but I will still come. 
 Bye, Felicity. 
 Bye, Barry. 
 Whoo-hoo! 
 I know it's been a while since we pulled that job. 
 I know it didn't go so well for you, and I know I said we were finished. 
 But things have changed. 
 If I want to keep working in Central City, I'm gonna need a new kind of crew. 
 I'm gonna need someone like you. 
 You're tolerant of extremes. 
 You have certain skills. 
 You just need some direction. 
 And I can give that to you. 
 You still like playing with fire? 
 You're gonna love this. 
 So... Are you in Mick? Or are you out? 
 Yeah buddy, I'm in. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 