Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Flash vs. Arrow - The Flash 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Flash vs. Arrow https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=57&t=14510 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/03/14 00:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Flash vs. Arrow 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Barry Allen, and I'm the fastest man alive. When I was a child, I saw my mother killed by something impossible. 
 Run, Barry, run! 
 My father went to prison for her murder. Then an accident made me the impossible. To the outside world, I'm an ordinary forensic scientist, but secretly I use my speed to fight crime and find others like me, and one day I'll find who killed my mother... 
 Mom. 
 And get justice for my father. 
 I am The Flash. 
 Previously, on  The Flash and Arrow... 
 I'm just not sure I'm like you, Oliver. 
 I don't know if I can be some vigilante. 
 You can be better, because you can inspire people in a way that I never could. 
 You said you were writing about me to bring hope to someone you care about. 
 How would he feel if doing that put you in harm's way? 
 You're giving hope to a lot of people. 
 So I'm doing this for them. 
 Barry, when you met me, Oliver, and Dig, we were this well-oiled archery machine, but it didn't start out that way. 
 I'm sorry I wasn't there for you tonight. 
 You're worth being on time for. 
 Everyone on this planet, at some point in their lives, has had a major case of the feels... 
 Those days when your heart is just too small to hold the big things you're feeling. 
 Today's one of those days. 
 We think of our emotions like they're these unique, personal phenomena, that no one has ever felt what we have felt. 
 There is a basis in science for every emotion we feel... 
 Anger, love. 
 As a scientist, I know there's nothing magical about what makes us feel something for someone else... 
 But then I see her smile. 
 Man, that cannot be science. 
 ♪ Whoo, I want it, whoo ♪ 
 Oh, and there's a fresh bottle in the fridge when she wakes up from her nap. 
 Thank you. 
 Sir? Help you with something? 
 Thanks. 
 I'll be just fine on my own. 
 Sir, you're not allowed to be back here. 
 Nothing to get upset about. 
 [Crowd commotion in background] 
 Barry, bank robbery in progress at Cunningham and Sampere. 
 I got it. 
 Wait, that's where I bank. 
 Once super thieves showed up, I went mattress. 
 [Gunshot] 
 [Gun clatters] 
 I've already missed the gym. 
 Ugh, no. Five more minutes. 
 Come on, we never get to sleep in. 
 I know. But your dad hates tardiness. 
 Buzzkill. 
 The buzziest. 
 Another picture of The Flash came in. 
 See? 
 That red blur? 
 How do you know that wasn't photoshopped? 
 It wasn't. 
 It's not a hoax or a mass hallucination. 
 You know, every day, someone new accepts the impossible and believes in him. 
 Why can't you? 
 I believe in what I can see... 
 What I can touch... 
 What I can feel. 
 Which means I believe in you. 
 Mm. 
 Do you mind? Thanks, man. 
 Hey. 
 Busy morning. 
 Witnesses reported seeing a red streak? 
 Joe, you should have seen it. It was like everybody in here was trying to kill each other. I got here just in time. 
 Well, it must've been a diversion, because there's 1/2 million bucks missing from the vault. 
 There's a tracer in the cash stacks. 
 We're trying to find the signal. 
 Meantime, any idea what could've caused such mass... 
 This? 
 A neurotoxin, maybe. 
 I'm going to swab some surfaces, see what I can find, but I think maybe they got whammied. 
 Did you just say “whammied”? 
 I got so angry. 
 I can't believe I did that. I would never hurt anybody. 
 You have to believe me. 
 I do. 
 Something is happening in this city  and everyone wants to pretend like it isn't, but it is, and I think we should do something about it. 
 My boyfriend has decided we need to eat healthy at home, so work is now the only place I can eat what I like. 
 Oh, I'm sorry, were you saying something, Detective? 
 The Blur, The Flash, the man in the red suit... 
 Whatever he's called... He was spotted at the bank this morning. 
 You mean the bank that was robbed of 1/2 million dollars, where a dozen people tried to murder each other, and you think our attention should be focused on catching Santa claus. 
 I can't explain how he gets to and from crime scenes so fast. 
 We need to figure out who this guy is and what he wants. 
 You should ask your girlfriend. 
 She writes fan fiction about him. 
 Joe, help me out here. 
 Sorry, partner. 
 I stopped believing in Santa when I was about eight. 
 [Muffled arguing] 
 Hey. What's going on in there? 
 I think Eddie's trying to convince the Captain that The Flash is a public menace. 
 Excuse me? 
 [Door opens] 
 So after weeks of my trying to convince you that The Flash is real, now that you finally do believe me, you're trying to have him arrested? 
 What the hell? 
 Thanks, Barry. 
 Sorry. 
 No worries. The captain shot me down. 
 Look, I'm not feeling like lunch. 
 See you later. 
 He's just jealous. 
 Of The Flash? 
 Should he be? 
 No. 
 I'll see you later. 
 Barry, you need to get to S.T.A.R. Labs. 
 Yeah, I will. After I eat. 
 Anger, hate, aggression. 
 [As yoda] A Jedi craves not these things. 
 No one is feeling that quote? 
 Everyone in the bank went total savage for, like, five minutes. 
 And then they were fine again. 
 Anger can be a powerful emotion. 
 If this meta-human can engender irrational feelings of anger in his victims, he can do a lot of damage. 
 Detective West helped get a copy of the cat scans the hospital did on everyone at the bank. 
 Take a look. 
 Well, look at this, the emotion centers of the brains are still showing signs of being overwhelmed. 
 Particularly the area that controls executive function. 
 That's the part of the brain that stops people from doing whatever random and potentially destructive thing that pops into their head. 
 How do you think the meta does it to them? 
 That's the 1/2 million dollar question. 
 [Phone vibrates] 
 Hey, if you guys figure it out, just give me a call, okay? 
 Is The Flash off to another rooftop rendezvous with Iris? 
 No. 
 Yeah, but she probably just wants to ask me... 
 I mean, you know, him... about meta-human stuff for her blog. 
 Do you want some advice? 
 No matter what I say, I'm getting the advice, right? 
 Don't get involved. 
 As The Flash or yourself. 
 You don't want to be the one to blame for their breakup. 
 Okay. I hear you. 
 [Whoosh] 
 Iris. 
 Flash. 
 Be great to call you by your real name. 
 You mean like Ralph? 
 Is your name Ralph? 
 What did you want to see me about? 
 My boyfriend, he's... 
 Did you guys break up? 
 No. 
 Oh. 
 He's a cop and he thinks that you're dangerous. 
 And he's trying to convince his boss that you're a menace that needs to be stopped. 
 I thought I should warn you. 
 Anyways, you should probably go. 
 You're not going. 
 [Over radio] Barry, are you there? 
 What? 
 The police got a ping from the tracer hidden in the stolen cash. 
 SWAT team's closing in on the 1600 block of Pass. 
 Now stop ruining Iris' love life and go. 
 I've gotta run. 
 I bet you say that to all the girls. 
 What other girls? 
 He always paid in cash. 
 Never seemed like trouble. 
 He's on the move. 
 Freeze! 
 Hold it right there! 
 Hands up. 
 Is there a problem, gentlemen? 
 Certo. 
 Turn around! 
 Certo, what are you waiting for? Cuff him! 
 You don't tell me what to do. 
 [Gun cocks] 
 Get down! 
 [Gunshot] 
 Ugh! Ah! 
 Nice mask. 
 It's kinda comforting to know that no matter what city you go to, Big Belly Burger is always going to taste like Big Belly Burger. 
 You mean full of grease and salt? 
 I thought those were the secret ingredients. 
 [Engine revving] 
 Oliver's back. 
 By the way, I gave Oliver, like, 1/2 hour head start. 
 Hi, Barry. 
 Hey, Felicity. 
 How you doing, Dig? 
 You're fast. 
 Did you guys not tell him about me? 
 Seeing is believing, or... 
 Drooling. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 [Engine revving] 
 Hey, thanks for showing up back there, but I had that. 
 Uh-huh. 
 What, I was getting ready to make my move. 
 What move? 
 The one to the morgue? 
 Wait, so what are you guys doing in Central City? 
 Working a case. 
 Suspicious homicide in the styling where the murder weapon is a boomerang. 
 Cool. 
 I mean, awful. 
 I found traces of iron oxide on it. 
 I know it's a long shot, but Central City has the highest concentration of iron oxide in the country. 
 Did you know Australian aboriginals use boomerangs to hunt? Mainly on kangaroo, which is a surprisingly low-fat source of prot... 
 [Clears throat] We were following up a lead when we heard the S.W.A.T. Raid over the radio, and I thought that I would come by... Watch you make your move. 
 I had a cousin got hit by lightning once. 
 He just developed a stutter. 
 Huh. Well, my team and I are after a nasty meta-human who makes people angry. 
 Cool. 
 [Laughs] 
 I mean, awful. 
 Uh, well, since you guys are here, why don't we team up? 
 I'll help you find your boomerang man, you can help me find my super rage-a-holic. 
 We'd love to. 
 No, we'll handle our business and head home. 
 The fastest way to find out everything we need to know about the boomerang is to sic S.T.A.R. Labs on it. 
 Enough people know my secret identity. 
 Fine... I'll go. They already know who I am. 
 You can drop me off, and I will meet up with you later. 
 How 'bout I give you a lift? 
 Whoo! 
 Man, that's not freaking you out? 
 Let's go. 
 Oh! 
 So what'd you think? 
 I think... 
 My shirt's on fire! 
 [Sizzling] 
 Oh, I'm sorry! 
 I'm glad I decided not to go braless. 
 You guys remember Felicity? 
 I'll always remember this. 
 Hi, Felicity, it's so good to see you. 
 What brings you back to Central City? 
 Not Barry? 
 No, not Barry. 
 This? Not happening. 
 We looked down that road and we said “no, thank you.” they get it. 
 Actually, I'm here... because of this. 
 [Gasps] Awesome! 
 What are the wings made of? 
 Not sure... I'm thinking some sort of composite or high-density plastic... 
 Reinforced with carbon fiber. 
 Oh, that's weird. 
 It almost feels like it's... 
 Vibrating. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Oh, I wanna run some tests, and I wanna run 'em right now! 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Hey, you guys come up with anything new on our meta? 
 The officer who was affected tonight says he saw a flash of red before he lost control. 
 I suspect the meta is inducing rage via the ocular nerve. 
 Oh, Dr. Wells wants to see you. 
 Why do I feel like I just got called into the principal's office? 
 Starling City vigilante. 
 He calls himself “The Arrow” now. 
 Oh, does he... “Flash”? 
 Wait, what's the problem? 
 We don't trust him. 
 You guys don't even know him. 
 I know that he was wanted for murder in at least 12 different cases dating back three years. 
 I know there's been at least two major terrorist attacks in Starling since he became active. 
 All right, but the cops there are cool with him now. 
 He doesn't kill people anymore. 
 And what about all the criminals that he put arrows through? Those, what, don't count? 
 He's a hero, Joe. 
 You're a hero, Barry. 
 You offer protection, hope, light. 
 What that man does is carry out a dark reckoning for his city. 
 It is a brutal, violent vision of justice, one we do not share. You truly think he's a hero, fine, so be it. 
 But he's not the kind you should be looking up to. 
 [Glass shatters, loud clatter] 
 Aah! 
 That's my bad. That's on me. 
 [Crash, shatter] 
 I want that “Arrow” out of my city. 
 Tonight. 
 I mean, do you think he can do everything really fast? 
 I mean, like, how fast do you think he goes to the bathroom after he's eaten something? 
 This is you watching my back? 
 Well, the Mirakuru soldiers are one thing, but this... 
 Whatever he can do now, he's still the same Barry we met last year. 
 Well, if you're so adamant against teaming up with him, what are we doing here? 
 He's a good kid, and it's just a name, Diggle. 
 The man who rents this storage unit... 
 I want... his... name. 
 Hey. 
 The bad guy that you're after, the one who robbed the bank, his name is Roy G. Bivolo. 
 Uh, thanks. How did you find that out? 
 The guy's still alive, right? 
 I'm just asking. 
 I thought you didn't want to help. 
 I'm not. It's just a name. 
 All right. 
 Hi. 
 Hey. 
 Ooh! 
 One non-fat latte, extra sugar for Felicity, and one coffee, black, for Oliver. 
 I brewed you a fresh pot, so... 
 Thank you. 
 Yeah. 
 Barry, um, can I talk to you for a second? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. Bye. 
 Bye. 
 Ow. What are you doing? 
 You did not tell me that you knew Oliver Queen. 
 I know Oliver Queen. 
 Oh, my God, he's even more handsome in person. 
 And his arms are, like, twice the size of yours. 
 Technically they're not twice the size. 
 He's on my three list. 
 What's a three list? 
 My list of three guys I'm allowed to cheat on Eddie with. 
 You usually don't meet people on your list, but now here he is, and I just cannot stop staring at him. 
 [Sighs] 
 Felicity, this is me noticing you staring. 
 We need to help Barry with his case. 
 Why don't you want to help? 
 Because Barry doesn't really want my help. 
 He only thinks he does. 
 Harrison Wells and Barry's cop foster dad both said you were dangerous and a bad influence. 
 Barry defended you. 
 You're going to hock me about this until I say yes, aren't you? 
 I'm a hocker. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, what? 
 Okay, we'll help you catch your bad guy. 
 Great. Meta-human. 
 I am not calling him that, Barry. 
 Partners? 
 Partners. 
 Hey. 
 You're late. 
 Barry, how can you have super-speed and still not be on time? 
 Sorry, I guess the super-tardiness kinda neutralizes it. 
 So how do we catch Bivolo here? 
 Oh, no, we don't here. We're here to train. 
 What? Like  Rocky? 
 I read your friend Iris' blog post on The Flash, and I visited all the crime scenes you fought at. 
 Don't you sleep? 
 Last month you took on a man named Lenard Snart. 
 We call him Captain Cold. 
 We can talk about you giving your enemies silly code names later. 
 You mean like over coffee with Deathstroke and The Huntress? 
 The point is that you engaged Snart on a commuter train, which he derailed. 
 Okay, there may have been some damage, but I got the job done, I was the hero. 
 Barry, when you approach a new environment, do you case every inch of it? 
 You could. You have the time. 
 But you don't. 
 You just run in blind. 
 There's a difference, Barry, between having powers and having precision. 
 When I came to you thinking about going out and helping people, you said I could be an inspiration. 
 Living this life... 
 Well, it takes more than a mask. 
 It takes discipline. 
 And since you are probably as stubborn as I am... 
 What is that for? 
 You're going to run over there, you're going to come back at me, and you're going to get hit with an arrow. 
 [Laughs] No, I'm not. 
 [Laughs] Yes, you are. 
 Okay, fine, I will humor you. 
 Ready? 
 Ready. 
 Nice try. 
 Gah! Ah! 
 What, you shot me? [Panting] 
 I heard you heal fast. 
 [Squish] 
 [Screams] 
 Oh, God! 
 
 
 
 [Muffled argument] 
 Hey. What's up? 
 Eddie's making his case for the task force again. 
 But I thought the Captain shot him down already. 
 Well, apparently he's got a new argument. 
 The Arrow made another appearance last night. 
 And you forgot to tell me that you got Bivolo's name from shooting that storage guy in the leg. 
 Well, technically I didn't shoot him. 
 Well, what word would you use to describe how you got this info? 
 I'm gonna go with “torture.” 
 I don't... The Arrow gets results. 
 He's a crazy man. 
 Look, I don't actually disagree with you at the moment, but we wouldn't even have Bivolo's name if it weren't for The Arrow. 
 So maybe instead of judging him, you should just be thanking him. 
 Two things I won't be doing in this life... 
 Playing professional baseball, and thanking that lunatic. 
 [Beep] 
 Stay. 
 Have you heard of color psychology? 
 The theory that changes in the color spectrum can affect emotion. 
 It is so nice to have another woman to talk to. 
 I know. 
 I was thinking that if Bivolo uses color to induce the temporary psychosis, maybe we can use light and color to reverse it. 
 Miss Smoak, a word, if you please. 
 Hey, what's up, doc? 
 Sorry, that was dumb. 
 Remember I went to M.I.T. 
 Yes, you're smart. 
 Felicity, I like to surround my team with known quantities. 
 That is because I find the unknown to be toxic, dangerous. 
 The Arrow is unknown. 
 I can assure you, Dr. Wells, he's not dangerous. 
 To us. 
 Well, of that, I have little doubt. 
 And yet, I find myself with a conundrum. 
 How can I completely trust a man when I don't even know his name? 
 And so, I was hoping, Miss Smoak, that you could help me trust him. 
 Who is he under the hood? 
 That is not my secret to tell, Dr. Wells. 
 Of course. 
 I'll figure it out on my own. 
 [Whoosh] 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How'd it go with Oliver? 
 You know, to be honest, not exactly the partnership I thought it would be. 
 Oh, did he really do the thing with the arrows? 
 You knew he was going to shoot me? 
 Whoa, it is practically impossible to tell when Oliver's making a joke. 
 Hey, we just got a ping from the facial recognition software on Bivolo, aka, Prism. 
 Since when do we have facial recognition software? 
 Happy Chanukah. 
 Where can I find him? 
 Traffic cameras just caught him entering a residence at 168 Jarvis. 
 We should let The Arrow know. 
 I can handle this solo. I've done it before. 
 Barry, I really think you need to wait... 
 Felicity, I don't need his help. 
 [Rattling] 
 [Clatters] 
 I knew you'd be coming for me. 
 I could see it in your eyes at the bank. 
 When I turned those people against each other, it made you angry. 
 Have some real anger. 
 No signs of macular damage. 
 Your retina and cornea seem unaffected. 
 I told you, I'm fine. 
 You said Bivolo whammied you. 
 No desire to go MMA on any of us? 
 No. 
 Yeah, I mean, something weird happened with his eyes for a sec. 
 Weird thing? 
 Yeah, everything went red. 
 You were right. 
 Okay, next thing you know, Bivolo was gone. 
 Look, obviously his powers didn't work on me, so... 
 It was stupid for you to go out there alone. 
 You take too many risks. 
 As fast as you are, that's going to catch up with you. 
 Caitlin, I'm not Ronnie. 
 You gotta stop treating me like I am. 
 You're right. You're not. 
 What? 
 You are such a lovable dummy. 
 [Phone vibrating] 
 It's Oliver... he wants to have another session. 
 I'm sure he's not going to shoot you again. 
 Maybe you should wear body armor. 
 Thinking of new ways to embarrass me? 
 I'm not trying to embarrass you, Barry, but you went after Bivolo last night alone and you lost him. 
 And you've never had a misstep? 
 Course I've had missteps. 
 Barry, I have been living this life for almost eight years, encountering things that you can't even fathom, and I am still alive. 
 Not because super-speed kept me out of the ground. 
 It was because I realized that I needed to keep learning, keep training, keep getting smarter, and until you get that, despite your best intentions, you will do more harm than good. 
 I finally see it. 
 You're a little bit jealous of me, aren't you? 
 A guy like you, handsome, rich, can have any girl he wants, jealousy's probably a new emotion for you, so you might be a little slow to get what it is that you're feeling. 
 That's your theory? 
 Absolutely. 
 So you can train, lift weights, climb that stupid barn till your heart explodes, but you'll never be as fast as I am. 
 You'll never be what I am. 
 And that's gotta hurt your rock-hard pride, Ollie. 
 I told Felicity you didn't want my help. 
 Yeah. You're finally right about something. 
 Allen! Where are you with the Bivolo case? 
 I'm working it. 
 Care to be more specific? 
 Hey, how 'bout you answer me when I ask you a question? 
 Hey! How 'bout you back off? 
 Excuse me? 
 Look, I work just as hard as anyone in this building. 
 I don't need you constantly berating me to do my job. 
 When it's done, you will have it, all right? 
 Sorry, captain. He's having an allergic reaction to some bad medication. 
 You remind him who answers to who. 
 Have you lost your mind? 
 I'm so sick of Singh talking to me like that. 
 He's still our boss. 
 Now I know you're upset about losing Bivolo... 
 Wait, wait... You're just like him. 
 Like Wells, and Oliver, and everyone else my whole life that didn't think I could get the job done. 
 Do you want to help me, Joe? You want to help me? 
 Get my dad out of prison. 
 You helped put him there, didn't you? 
 Barry, I need you to calm down. 
 Why don't we both take a ride to S.T.A.R. Labs? 
 I'm calm! Okay? 
 When I am not calm, you'll know. 
 Okay. I'll call you back later. 
 That was The Arrow. 
 He says Barry is acting strangely. 
 Strangely, how? 
 He's been whammied. 
 He was acting angry. It was scary. 
 And his eyes... They glowed. 
 It's possible that his body is fighting off the effect, so it's hitting him slower. 
 When it comes to rage, that is not a good thing. 
 The longer you suppress your emotions... 
 The bigger the explosion. 
 Considering what he can do, how do we even stop him? 
 A cold-gun would come in real handy right about now. 
 Hey. 
 I'm just sayin'. 
 None of us can stop Barry. 
 Fortunately, Felicity knows someone who can. 
 I think you better call back Oliver Queen. 
 We're gonna need The Arrow's help. 
 [Announcer on radio] 
 [Changing stations] 
 Is this your way of telling me that you want satellite radio for Christmas? 
 [Turns radio off] 
 Look, I am not mad at you. 
 Good, 'cause there's no reason you should be. 
 Eddie, both you and The Flash care about protecting this city. 
 You would both give your lives for it. 
 You're more alike than you think, okay? 
 He's not the bad guy. 
 How do you know so much about him, Iris? 
 He got in touch with me after I started the blog, and I've seen him a couple times. 
 A couple times? 
 Why didn't you tell me about this? 
 Well, given the fact that I think he's a hero, and you want to put him in jail, do you really need to ask that question? 
 How could you ever think I would be okay with this? 
 [Tires screeching] 
 I heard you've been looking for me. 
 All this time, you've been trying to catch me, and I caught you first. 
 Guess you haven't read your girlfriend's blog. 
 Eddie, no! 
 [Gunshots] 
 Ooh, see I knew The Arrow was Oliver Queen. 
 I mean, I had it narrowed down to, like, a list of 150 people, but he was definitely on that list. 
 Do you have a way to stop Barry's rage-fest? 
 I have an idea about how to do that. 
 Joe, we're gonna need your help. 
 We need to find him first before he hurts somebody. 
 I have him. 
 Facial recognition picked him up on a traffic camera downtown. 
 Oh, God. 
 Eddie! 
 Who the hell are you, huh? 
 You think you can just come along and get to have whatever you want? 
 What gives you the right? 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 What are you doing? What has happened to you? 
 I feel fine. 
 You are not fine. 
 How would you know? Because you write about me? 
 You don't know me! 
 You don't know who I am. 
 You never did. 
 I know that you have risked your life to help people, to save them! Someone who does that does not suddenly turn around and want to hurt people. 
 Please. 
 Run! 
 Eddie, run! 
 You need to calm down. 
 And you need to hold on. 
 I just hope they can turn Barry back before he kills Oliver. 
 Me, I'd be more worried about what Oliver might have to do to Barry. 
 Barry has superpowers. Oliver has a bow and arrow. 
 Do you have any idea how many people Oliver has killed with that bow and arrow? 
 Recurve bow arrows can travel up to 300 feet per second, so, like, 200 miles an hour. 
 Barry can run three times that fast. 
 Whatever. Oliver's been doing this a lot longer. My money's on experience. 
 My money's on speed. 
 Please tell me you're not actually having this conversation right now. 
 You missed. 
 No. 
 Aah! 
 [Groans] 
 2000 milligrams of horse tranquilizer should be hitting you any time now. 
 [Panting] 
 [Arrow clangs] 
 Where you going? 
 We're not done! 
 Is that all you got? 
 Oliver, get up. 
 [Device beeps] 
 Fool me once. 
 [Groans] 
 Ah... ah... ah! 
 [Arrow clangs on ground] 
 I still believe in you, Barry. 
 Is this even going to work? 
 He just needs to see the right colors. 
 Now, Joe! 
 [Groans] 
 Barry, you okay? 
 Oh, this is going to be a special kind of hangover. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 So... 
 It was a tie. 
 Oliver... 
 I'm so sorry. 
 It's not your fault. 
 But we do still have your meta-human to take care of. 
 Anything left in the tank? 
 Well, if not, there's two of us, right? 
 Right. 
 You think this will stop me? 
 I will make you tear each other to pieces! 
 You will all die screaming with rage! 
 Blah, blah, blah, “no prison can hold me.” heard it all before, pal. 
 Adios, Prism. 
 I liked “Rainbow Raider.” 
 Okay, you don't get to pick the names. 
 I have a prison like this. 
 Mine's on a nearly inhospitable island in the north China Sea, but this works too. 
 My identity is a closely-guarded secret known only to a few, and if it were to get out, will endanger my family, my friends, and it would embolden my enemies to retaliate at me through them. 
 What Oliver is trying to say is that he had a lovely time working with you and getting to know each of you, and he can't wait to do it again soon. 
 Right. 
 You know, it didn't sound like that's what he was saying. 
 I may not agree with your methods, but... 
 Thank you. 
 You're welcome. 
 Hey. If I had a DNA sample I was unable to fully break down, do you think you could isolate the genetic markers for me? 
 Sure, what's the sample from? 
 The Canary's murder. 
 Of course. 
 Mr. Queen, I met your father once. 
 Charity event. 
 One of the things we spoke of was you. 
 I think he would be very proud of the man you've become. 
 Thank you. 
 And please, call me Oliver. 
 There is something off about that guy. 
 Captain Singh approved the task force. 
 You wanted me to believe The Flash was real. 
 Now I do. 
 I believe he's dangerous, and I am going to take him in. 
 How do you feel about that? 
 All I know... 
 Is how I feel about you. 
 [Pop music playing] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey! You guys heading home? 
 Yeah, we could use some javas for the road. 
 I will hook you up. 
 Okay. 
 Thank you. 
 Uhm, so listen... 
 I'm really sorry for what I said in the field and then last night in the street. 
 I wish I could say it was all because of whatever Bivolo did to me, but I guess I had more feelings bottled up than I thought. 
 You can always talk to me. 
 Yeah. Thank you. 
 And you were right, I still have... 
 A lot to learn. 
 There's one more thing... 
 And you're not going to like it. 
 Does it involve you shooting me in the back? 
 No. No, the heart. 
 That's not going to work out for you. 
 You need to let her go, for both of your sakes. 
 [Women giggling, chattering] 
 Guys like us don't get the girl. 
 You ready? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 This one's yours. 
 Thank you. 
 Oliver. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. 
 How are you? 
 Good, good. 
 It's been a long time. 
 We never spoke after, and I'm so sorry. 
 No, I'm sorry. 
 I heard about your mother... 
 She loved you very much. 
 She did. 
 I should get going. 
 All right. 
 Who was that? 
 Hmm? 
 Someone that I used to know. 
 Hi, sweetheart. 
 Yes, I'm just getting you a hot chocolate. 
 Mommy will be home soon. 
 Got your message. 
 I wanted you to know, last night... 
 That wasn't me. 
 Sure looked like you. 
 Yeah. I was affected by one of the meta-humans. 
 He messed with my head. 
 But I'm okay now, I promise. 
 I defended you. 
 Everyone told me that you would bring me nothing but danger. 
 My father, Barry, Eddie... 
 I didn't listen to them. I never listened to them. 
 But now it's time I did. 
 Don't contact me anymore, okay? 
 Iris... 
 I'm sorry. 
 Me too. 
 ♪ Carry your story ♪ 
♪ wherever I may go ♪ 
♪ 'cause I know it will be mine ♪ 
♪ and ♪ 
♪ know I still be on your side ♪ 
 Look at that. Better than an ATM. 
 Anyone tell you not to hang out under the freeway at night? 
 [Metallic schling] 
 You're liable to get robbed. 
 You got the shakes, man? 
 What are you, tweaking, or just cold? 
 [Heavy breathing] 
 I'm not cold. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 