Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - s*x, Lies and Jellyfish - Zoo 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - s*x, Lies and Jellyfish https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=355&t=28114 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/27/16 05:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - s*x, Lies and Jellyfish 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mitch :  A year ago, the animals started acting strangely, but no one noticed...  (growling)  until they began attacking, coordinating, evolving. The animals were mutating, and it was happening faster than anyone expected. 
 (screaming) 
 The government came up with a plan. 
 PSA narrator : Thanks to the Noah Objective, in six to ten years, the world's animal population will be thriving once again. You cannot exterminate every animal on the planet, and then re-populate it. 
 Mitch :  But messing with Mother Nature could be catastrophic, so a group of us are trying to save the animals. Jackson Oz and Abraham Kenyatta, animal experts. Dariela Marzan, Army Ranger. Jamie Campbell, a reporter who's been following this story, found me, Mitch Morgan, a veterinary pathologist. Together, we're going to find a cure for the animals. Time is running out. 
 Previously on Hold your fire. Who the hell are you? My name is Allison Shaw, I'm the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and yes, yes, I was married to Mitch's father. When I was saying good-bye to Chloe, I started crying black tears. You're displaying the same symptomology as Kovacs. Jackson :  So I'm evolving. We finally have the means to stop these animals... TX-14. Every animal with the mutation will be destroyed. General Davies, you cannot It's madness. I respect that coming from you. The son of Robert Oz  lecturing me about madness. I'm glad you're gonna stay with us. You want me here to put a bullet in your head if you end up like Kovacs. That's right. You go sideways, I won't hesitate. That's a promise. Okay? Yeah. I brought you to Caraquet, and I'm gonna get you out. (roaring) Go! (gunshots) (growl and groan) Oh, my God. (sighs) ♪ I-I-I-I-I'm not your stepping stone ♪ 
♪ You're trying to make your mark in society ♪ 
♪ You're using all the tricks that you used on me ♪ 
♪ You're reading all them high-fashion magazines ♪ 
♪ The clothes you're wearing ♪ 
♪ Girl, are causing public scenes ♪ 
♪ I said I-I-I-I-I'm not your stepping stone ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ Not your stepping stone ♪ 
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ When I first met you, girl ♪ 
♪ You didn't have no shoes ♪ 
♪ But now you're walking 'round ♪ 
♪ Like you're front-page news ♪ 
♪ You've been awful careful ♪ 
♪ 'Bout the friends you choose ♪ 
♪ But you won't find my name ♪ 
♪ In your book of who's-who ♪ 
♪ I saidь I-I-I-I-I'm ♪ 
♪ Not your stepping stone ♪ (roaring) ♪ Not your stepping stone ♪ 
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪ 
♪ I'm not your stepping stone. ♪ No one's talking about Chloe. Really not much to say. She's gone. No one will tell me how. Your old pals at Reiden Global. What? They weren't prosecuted? No, and as a matter of fact, the No Objtive gave them a government contract to develop this splendid new gas called TX-14, that will effectively wipe out all the evil animals... oh, and about 2.2 million human beings. You missed a lot. Chloe... Please. They were gonna do a demonstration on a bunch of animals using the gas, but Chloe stole it. Tried to stop them. She got shot at by a bunch of General Davies' men. She managed to make her way to the room where the gas was, but the canister cracked, and gas started leaking out, and we all would've died, but... But what? Dariela. She, uh, sealed the door. Trapped the gas inside. Well... The gas and Chloe. So this Dariela killed my friend? I don't like it either. Okay, but she did what she thought she had to do. Could I... What? Could I be alone? Yeah. Uh, yeah, sure. Reporter : General Davies confirms that the Noah Objective is moving forward according to plan. What's The Courier? Just give me a minute. You don't have a minute, okay? We had a deal. We saved your orchard. Now tell me what Chloe's last words meant. Okay. Um... a few months ago, we found something. At first it sounded like a hoax, but then Chloe sent in her report from Patagonia, and the connection was undeniable. Patagonia. Mm-hmm. And she didn't tell me. She wanted to, I advised her against it. Until we knew more... about this. What is “this”? This is a newspaper called The Worldwide Courier. Never heard of it. Not many people have. So what about it? Well, these are a few of the headlines, “Blood Rain Decimates Crops." “Ants Create Lightning.” “Earthquakes Caused by Sloths.” Sound familiar? Yeah, those are the events created by the Triple-Helix animals, so what? Look at the date. Is this some sort of joke? No. These were written in 1895. Are you saying... that all of this has happened before? ♪ ♪ All right, we've seen a lot of weird stuff, but this? We verified their authenticity. These articles are very real. The animals also did this in 1895? Only the animals causing environmental changes, the Triple-Helix animals. The same ones we need for the cure. We? For the cure, we need the genomic fossils of seven specific animals. If Triple-Helix animals have been around over a hundred years, why are we just hearing about them now? The Worldwide Courier was viewed like a tabloid. The “I Saw Big Foot on a Date with Elvi” of its day, people thought they were fiction. Gee, I wonder why. Bigger problem is, there's nobody alive to verify this. No eyewitness. These articles tell us nothing. Jackson : Actually, they do show us something. All right, these articles they show all the animals so far that have caused environmental changes, right? The sloth, electric ants, snakes. You guys have come across all of that? Yeah, like I said, you missed a lot. Jackson : Yeah, but we haven't heard anything about the jellyfish, right? Especially jellyfish that causes hurricanes. So what we're saying is that at the very least, these papers show us what animal we're looking for next. Can I ask a dumb question? How can jellyfish cause hurricanes? Mitch : There are no dumb questions, Lionel, only dumb people. It's Logan. Logan. Jellyfish can effect the climate by generating heat. You get enough of them together, they can, they can raise the water temperature, cause a pretty powerful surface wind. I may have found something. Global radar currently shows five hurricanes, one of which hasn't moved in 48 hours. Storms aren't stationary. Looks like we're heading to Portugal. Mitch : Hang on a minute. We might have an eyewitness. There are a lot of different species of jellyfish in the North Atlantic near Portugal, one of which is the Turritopsis dohrnii. It's also known as the immortal jellyfish. As in it lives forever? It can regenerate its cells over and over, so it has the ability to revert back to adolescence whenever it's injured. A chicken going back into its egg. So if can find this jellyfish from 1895, maybe we can figure out how it caused these environmental changes and figure out how to stop it. Abraham : I think we're forgetting something. Jellyfish have a very poisonous sting. And if mass quantities are causing hurricanes, it won't be as simple as just fishing one out. I may have a way to help with that. Allison : I'll, uh, make some calls. Mitch, would you tell Trotter to change course to Portugal, then come see me? Whatever you say, boss. Actually, I'm not the boss. You are. N-never, not in a million years, would I ever want that job. Are you finished? Look, these people aren't just my work buddies, okay? If anything were to ever happen to them because of me... With the animals attacking, anti-venom has become a huge commodity on the black market. You'll run point when we land. Listen, I got a good thing going here. Okay? I work in the lab. I keep to myself. I take naps. Lots of naps. This is a change. And we-we both know that you don't handle change well. No. And... in some tautological Rubik's Cube of logic, I wish that I could change my aversion to change, but that, in and of itself, would require... change. You are so much like your father. Well, yeah, dear old Dad. He didn't like to change anything. Except wives. Chloe was smart. She was tactical. She was aggressive, but she's gone. I have too much to deal with in Washington, so I can't be here to Charlie you angels all the time. Hence, you, as the primary. All right. Fine. Good. I'll do it. Good. Can I fire Dariela? No. No, you cannot fire the toughest person on this team. Now, we need to discuss Jamie Campbell. What about her? Your relationship. We're friends. My point is I have some questions for this Logan character and your... work buddy better not be hiding anything about him. Hey. Nice threads. I know why we're going to Portugal. What about Davies? Oh, we'll find Davies. Believe me. Okay, then what? What I'm gonna do, when this is all over, is I'm gonna find Davies, okay? I'm gonna lock him in a room, just him and me, until only one of us walks out. And I think we both know who that's gonna be. I don't know. Davies is a badass. He's a general. Yeah, and I'm a very ill man... with nothing left to lose. We still good on our deal? Put a bullet in your head if you turn into a rage machine? Yeah, we're good. Good... 'cause I notice that you and Abe are getting pretty close. That's really none of your business. Actually, it is, Dariela. Abe's my best friend, so if there's anyone that is gonna stop you from killing me, it's him. So, you are gonna have to make a choice. If killing you means saving lives, there's no choice. Trotter : I'm gonna need everyone to buckle up wherever they can. Things are about to get nasty. Hey. We should be on the ground soon. Turbulence make you nervous? Not at all. You? The only thing on this plane that makes me nervous is you. First one's free. If you've got something to say... (grunting) Enough! (grunting continues) I know you're upset, but never do that again. What was that with Dariela? I just wanted her to know she shouldn't be here after what she did. It was pretty hardcore. Did I mention Mitch is not at all what I expected? How so? Guess I pictured more of a drummer, less of a lead singer. You guys were a thing? No. I don't know, it's complicated. Say no more. I've had my fair share of complications. Sure you have. What's that supposed to mean? All right, uh, listen up. The guy who has our jellyfish, his name is Duncan Santos. He's the local venom dealer here in Lisbon, because God knows every city needs one of those. What else do we know about him? Biochemical genius. Did some time for producing a whole bunch of LSD. He also made a ton of money developing antivenom, which was in short supply after the animals went nuts. He's a war profiteer is what he is. He also did a little time in a psych ward. Sipping too much of his own sauce. So, we're going after a crazy, drug-addled venom dealer in the middle of a hurricane? Yes, because that is what we do. Let's get this over with. Not so fast. I'm afraid I can't let you go with the rest of them. And why is that? Because I don't know you. I vouched for him. At the risk of appearing unkind, I cannot stress how little your vouching for him means to me. She just needs to ask him a couple questions. Oh, you knew about this? Well, come on, Jamie. How much do you really know about this guy? Um, hello. This guy's standing right here. People can learn a lot about each other in a short period of time. I'll be back soon. Allison : Actually, you won't. I have some questions for you as well. (thunder rumbling) (coughing) _ No smoke. I don't smoke. Come on, come on, come on, let's go, let's go, let's get out of here. Relax, my friend. It's me. You Duncan Santos? Good guess. (tires screeching) (car door opens) Gonna need your weapon, dear. Really? Put these on and get in. Logan : She's not gonna let me stay. Jamie : You didn't do anything wrong. I was hired to steal the leopard. Yeah, and you didn't. (scoffs) In my experience, people tend to distrust thieves. Well, they distrust politicians more. Listen, for what it's worth, I appreciate you going to bat for me back there. Nobody's ever done something like that for me. Well, honestly I didn't do it for you. I fought so hard to get back to everybody, and... so much has changed, it's like I don't even know them. And they don't know me. Are you ready? Yeah. Not you, her. Welcome. (snake hisses) Make yourselves at home. (rattling) (buzzing and chittering) What is this place? Well, to make antivenom, you need lots and lots of... you know, venom. There he is. All 100-plus years of it. Magnificent, isn't it? No other species like it in the animal kingdom. You know why? Transdifferentiation. Cells becoming different kinds of cells. Muscle to nerve, egg to sperm... Well, look at the brains on this one. What's your name? Dr. Mitch Morgan. Our contact told us that you were willing to sell him. No, no, no, no. I said negotiate, not sell. Okay, so what do you need? Santos : Good question. I can only make antivenom if I have the animal. And like all things in life... one of the animals has died. One of the most valuable ones. Very sad. We had a funeral. I even said a few words. As eulogies go, I think it was touching. I have very little antivenom left, and I need to make more. Jackson : So, you want us to get this animal. Santos : (chuckles) The two of you... brains galore. Why us? Why not just send your own guys? I did. But they never came back. When did you first encounter Logan? After I left the compound. I found him nearly frozen to death. You found him, or he found you? Does it matter? Very much. He found me. And at what point did he reveal to you that he was hired to steal the leopard? I found some photographs in his bag. So if you never found those, he may have never told you the truth. Look, I know where you're going with this, and you're wrong. You can't possibly trust this guy. I have to assume that you are smarter than that. (chuckles) You don't know a thing about me. Oh. Jamie Campbell. Reporter for the L.A. Telegraph. Fired for defaming Reiden Global on your blog as “The Girl with the Genie Tattoo”? Congratulations on your ability to Google. One would assume if you had any area of expertise, it would be to find fire where there is smoke. Was I skeptical of Logan at first? Of course. But somewhere between him sharing stories about playing Moses in his school play and his onion allergy, he gained my trust. He's one of the good ones. The world is not and has never been divided between good ones and bad ones. Let me tell you the worst thing that happened to me in those woods. Worse than losing your toe? I realized it wasn't the animals I had to be scared of. It was the people. There's no telling what they'll do. So, yeah, in this world, there are two kinds of people. The animals and the Logans. I trust him with my life. More than Mitch? We done here? Yeah. Good talk. 
 
 Abraham : Just how many do we need? As many as we can get. How do we even know we'll find any? Oh, I think that there's more than a few spiders here. Dariela : So if these things are so dangerous, why can't we just inject ourselves with the anti-venom now? Doesn't work like that. Without the venom in your system to interact with, the anti-venom will just dissipate. Got to use it within 60 seconds of getting bit. Yeah, we heard you the first time. Paralysis, breathing problems. Basically, all horrible things. Good news is, the Wandering Spider venom has a... certain side effect. What kind of side effect? Six-hour erection. Hmm. Fun. Boy jokes aside, how can there be this many webs and no spiders? Jackson : Oh, there's spiders. We just need to know where to find them. See these webs... are easy to see, 'cause they're thick and old. We need to find the thin, transparent ones, that are more recent. Dariela : All the webs look the same to me. And there's a lot. Abraham : She's right. We could be here for quite some time. Hey, I'm going to say something a leader would. Let's split up. Okay. Dariela and I will go this way. Great, we'll take the food court. Hopefully, there's a Pinkberry. (spider chittering) Allison : Robbery, theft, possession of stolen goods. And now suddenly you want to help save the world? Yeah. (chuckles) Right now, that's all that I've done with my life. Maybe there's still time for me to do something else. Is that so wrong? It's not wrong at all, my question is why? I guess you could say that I was inspired. It was pretty gnarly out there in those woods. I heard. That woman in Caraquet. Gwen. Intel from the search and recovery team said that they found her. In pieces. You know what happened? No. Guess you and Jamie just got lucky. No. It wasn't luck. I was ready to give up several times. But Jamie wouldn't let me. How long have you been in love with her? (both chuckling) I never said that. It's okay. People have tried to be heroes for worse reasons. Am I staying or going? Dariela : Something on your mind? Abraham : Your fight with Jamie. She came at me. She's been through a lot. Instead of fighting, you might try helping. We've all been through a lot. What do you think about her pal, Logan? I don't think I trust him. Or Shaw, for that matter. Or me? Dariela... What do you want me to say? After what happened with Chloe, I want you to admit that you don't trust my judgment. Say something. Don't move. There's one above your head. (chittering) There's a lot more than one. (chittering) You've got to be kidding me. Mitch : At least now we can tell Santos we found some of his men. This poor guy didn't even have a chance to inject the antivenom. The spiders must've come quickly. Um... Jackson? Little help here. Don't move. Stay still. No kidding. Give me the bag. Come on. Okay. Can we hurry this up? I know. I'm moving as fast as I can. It's all right. It's all right. It's okay, Mitch. (rattling) We got a problem. Yeah, I just need a few more, okay? They supposed to move that quick? Can you not ask questions right now? Almost done. Really should've taken you up on your offer to do this yourself. Not all of us have a handy little mutation that makes animals ignore us. Almost there, Mitch. Let me just get a couple more. (yells, grunts) You bit? No, I just felt like saying “Aah.” Come on, let's go. Well, you're the animal expert. I'm just going to get it down. You want to hurry? Fast movements will startle it. Cause it... to bite. Great. Can we get out of here now? (softly): Come on. This wasn't so hard. Dariela : You had to say that. Let's go. (groans) No, no! (grunts softly) (groans) (Abraham whimpers) (chittering) (grunting) (coughing, wheezing) (chittering) Abe! (grunting) Come on. I got it. (Abe panting) Okay. (grunts) Okay. Okay, Abe. Come on. Okay. (groans) You get them? We got a bunch. Let's hope Santos keeps up his end of the bargain. (chittering) (speaking Portuguese) I honestly didn't think I'd ever see you all again. Is that what I think it is? Yup. We held up our end of the deal, so... we'll take the jellyfish now. You guys are good. Lot of talent in this room. I'd offer you a job, but... you seem to be in great demand already. What the hell does that mean? Who's Portuguese Steven Seagal? General Davies sends his regards. You're Jackson Oz? No, I am. No, that would be me. Actually, it's me. Yeah. Yeah, I'm Jackson Oz. How did Davies know we were here? (thunder rumbling) More questions? No, your stories check out. Well, that's swell. While you were busy waterboarding Logan, I was checking out your story. My story? This is an internal memo you wrote to the president two months ago, in which you support bringing Reiden onboard the Noah Objective. How'd you find that? “The Girl With The Genie Tattoo,” remember? It was before I knew the damage they'd cause. I made a mistake. I've more than corrected it. Yeah, you're not sure that you can trust us? We're not sure we can trust you. You have my spiders? You sold us out. Not me. (spiders chittering) Check your own backyard. Thanks for this, by the way. Good work. I mean it. (unzips bag) Where are they? Well, we kind of figured you wouldn't give us the jellyfish. (screaming) (grunts) (grunting) (grunting continues) What are you doing? Antivenom. Thinking these might come in handy. We don't have time for this. Yes, we do, okay? We got to get going. Okay, okay, okay. (grunts) All right. Cute trick with the spiders. (grunting) Get the jellyfish! Get it! (grunting, clattering) Jackson, stop! (gun clicks) Dariela... Out of the way! No, lower your weapon! Abraham : Jackson! (grunting) Abe, move! Jackson! It's okay. It's okay, Abe. I want him alive. He's gonna deliver a message for me. You tell Davies that I'm coming for him. I can't get over this place. Beats the hell out of those hotel bars from last year. Yeah, well, I don't know. We had some pretty good times in those bars. Much as I hate saying it, she's really not all that bad. She made a tough call. She hides it well, but I know it's eating her up inside. So you're saying, what, that I should forgive her? I'm saying that she was the only one there. None of us knows what we would've done in that moment. Do you have a minute? What happened back there? Jackson was gonna kill that guy. And your first instinct was to aim your weapon at him? I wasn't going to shoot. Yes, you were. Listen to me. Jackson is not like Kovacs. Jackson is not an animal. Yet. If that's the way you think, then perhaps maybe you should... Leave? Back at the stadium, you said you didn't think I trusted your judgment. You were right. I wanted to trust you, but you pointed your gun at my friend. I don't know what else you want me to say. Nothing. There's nothing more to say. He's cute, huh? Named him Moe. After your grandfather. So what does, uh, Moe tell us? A lot, actually. Much like his namesake, he's got quite a story to tell. First thing I noticed in his cell sample, radiation, lots of it. Okay, and how does that help us? Radioactive dating. We can pinpoint the exact year he was exposed to radiation. Let me guess, 1895? The same year as our Courier articles. That can't be a coincidence. The radiation exposure, environmental events, all of it. You think that they're all connected? Look around. Anything's possible. Speaking of anything being possible, Logan Jones checks out. He has a shady past, but he just wants to help. You sure about that? Because he really seems like he's trying too hard. Maybe. But I think that we have a bigger problem. I know. Jamie. We need to talk. I'm fine. I'm not a fool, rafiki. I saw the look in your eyes when Dariela drew on you. It was a look of the man ready to die. Yeah. I know. You gotta know something, Abe. That wasn't me. You think I don't know that? Let me tell you something. You may be ready to die, but I am not ready to let that happen. And you know what a stubborn son of a bitch I can be. Boss, can I speak to you please? God, don't call me that. Look, I know the plan is to drop me off when we get back to the States, but... You want to stay. Yes, and Shaw said that I should talk to you about sticking around. I mean, I want to help, if you'll let me. So... Jamie. She really trusts you. Yeah. We went through a lot out there. Had each others' backs? She had my back a lot more than I had hers. (sighs) Well, maybe this is your chance to pay her back, huh? Thank you. Hey. You can't still be mad then. I mean, you're the one who hit me first. Besides, I come in peace. Put it in your shoe. It'll help with weight distribution. Balance. Thanks. Army Ranger trick? Catholic school. Florence O'Shea. Lawn mower accident. Kids used to call her “No-Toe-Flo.” (chuckles) Look, I know we got off on the wrong foot. So to speak. But I hope you can understand I'm part of the team. You don't have to like me, but you do have to know you can trust me. Yeah, well... you can trust me, too. I'm loyal to a fault. Yeah, I saw you stood up for Logan. He's good people. He seems like it. And I think it'll benefit you if he sticks around. It helps to have someone who's been through what you've been through. Catholic school again? No, that was Army Rangers. Oorah. That's Marines. But I appreciate the thought. You wanted to see me? I think I know how this gas is gonna kill 2.2 million people. What, the, uh, jellyfish tell you that? His name is Moe. And yes. Okay, Moe has a Triple-Helix, just like you. Well, we knew that, right? Right. But what we didn't know is what caused it. Thanks to Moe getting blasted by radiation, now we do. I'm sensing a Mitch Morgan theory coming on. Lucky for you, Mitch Morgan's theories are usually right. I think radiation mutated one of his genes, causing it to sprout a Triple-Helix. Well, that's good news, right? I mean, genes can be changed, so... now you know what you need to do to fix it. Well, sort of. The problem is I can't find the gene. What do you mean you can't find the gene? It's not a set of car keys. How do you even know it exists? Where there's a plant, there's a seed, right? And you, my friend, are a pretty messed-up plant, that means some place inside of you is a pretty messed-up gene. Although I can't see it, I can sense it, I know it's there. I'm calling it the “ghost gene.” It's a little melodramatic, don't you think? When you have your own scientific breakthrough, you feel free to call it what you want. All right, so this gas must target this ghost gene, is that right? Well, how could Davies create a gas that targets a gene that you can't even find? Excellent question... that I don't have a theory about. I mean, the guy's smart, but he's not playing on this level. Yeah, he'd have to have somebody even smarter than me to figure it out. Who the hell does he have working for him? Open it. (beeps, lock buzzes) General Davies. Things in Lisbon didn't really work out. We weren't able to get Jackson. Then we have a problem. No, you have a problem. I've waited long enough. The TX-14 gas was working perfectly, till you sabotaged it. Now, I'm done with your demands. You fix the gas, or I'll make sure you never walk out of this cell. I think I've made myself clear. I'm not telling you anything until I see my son. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 