Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Murmuration - Zoo 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Murmuration https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=355&t=20078 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/26/15 00:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Murmuration 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Abraham :  For centuries, mankind has been the dominant species. We've domesticated animals, locked them up, killed them for sport. But a series of recent events seem to suggest all across the globe animals have decided: "no more." And so we were hired, a team of people from different backgrounds, with different specialities: an expert in animal behavior, a journalist, safari guide, foreign intelligence agent, and a veterinary pathologist. Our task: to find out what is happening with the animals, why it's happening, and how to stop it. 
 Previously on The global pandemic your father believes was about to emerge, it appears it has arrived. And that's why I had Monsieur Alves bring the five of you together. If you're not happy with the way I'm handling my assignment, you can feel free to replace me. But until then, I'm gonna try to do my best to reverse it. And the answer to the question you haven't asked me yet is no, I'm not gonna cut loose  the member of my team who killed Agent Ben Shafer. Man :  All evidence suggests she's the one who shot Ben. Go get her. (lions roar) I think these lions are communicating with each other. Long distance. The Mother Cell is in every single product Reiden makes. It's everywhere. It's all over the world. And it can't be stopped. We got it. This could be the answer. The Mother Cell can cure the animals. Dr. Morgan believes so, yes. Man :  And he says that  he has the Mother Cell and he's willing to give it back,  but he needs something in return. I have to tell my daughter why she's dying. Your drug will cure her. Her name's Clementine. She's ten. I'll expect a call from you There should be more than enough here to help your daughter. It's a six-week course of treatment. The protocol is simple... two pills, three times a day. The Mother Cell. Please. (buzzing) Now, please. And I'll still let you keep the medicine. (grunting) This is Delavane. Alert security. We have an intruder on the executive floor. White male, approximately six feet tall, brown hair, glasses. (elevator bell dings) (elevator bell dings) Where is he? Don't know. Elevator three's been stopping on every floor. And the camera inside is blacked out. All right, start a floor-to-floor search. He does not leave this building... you understand me? Yes, sir. All security personnel, activate lockdown... Now, you don't need to tell me. He's one of your team. Mitch Morgan. What in God's name was he doing here? Of course. (alarm wailing) Damn it. Are you still standing there? Man : Yes, sir. Why? It's about Agent Shafer. What about him? Well, Agent Shafer was in Biloxi on his own time. No official case logs, no files,  nada. I know that, Agent Singer. Well, I was going through his phone records, and he received multiple calls from a Chloe Tousignant. "Tousignant"? Wait a minute, I know that name. Passenger manifests... Here. I remember thinking, "How do you pronounce that name?" As it turns out, she's on leave from the DGSE. She's in French intelligence? Oxymoron. "28A. Chloe Tousignant." She and Jamie Campbell are on the same flight from Tokyo to Biloxi. She's in D.C. at the same time as Campbell. Good work, Agent. Dig deep on Tousignant. I want to know who she is and who she was talking to before and after she arrived in Mobile. You got it, sir. Oh, my God, you b*st*rd. It was for my daughter. Even so. You gonna tell me if you could've saved your mother, you wouldn't have done the same? So, you did it? You traded the Mother Cell for the medicine. No. I didn't. But you almost did. Yeah, I almost did. For my daughter. We're here trying to do this, trying to come up with a solution for everything, and you would, you would just give that away? Look. While I'm not trying to minimize any of it, you're all focusing on the wrong guy right now. Okay? Delavane? Not who we think he is. How can you be so sure? Maybe he had a good reason to be there. Oh, get serious. I saw his face. Trust me. (chuckles) You're asking us to trust you? I'm asking you to call my character into question at a later date. Delavane was not at Reiden because it was Bring Your Shadowy Interpol Agent to the Office Day. He was there because he works there. Did he see you? (chuckles) This is bad. So you're saying... the company that put us together is the same company that we're trying to take down. It appears that way. But why? Why would Delavane put us together if there was even a chance of us uncovering the truth? (cell phone ringing) - Allo. Chloe : Huh? So, what else, Mitch? What else what? What else are you lying to us about? Jamie : Okay. The Mother Cell... can we really use it to make a cure? Yes... theoretically, it can be used to reverse the mutation. "Theoretically"? I believe that if we introduce the Mother Cell into the DNA of a mutated animal, we could possibly synthesize a cure. But here's the problem. In order to do that, we need an animal who has mutated and has not been exposed to the Mother Cell. But does such an animal even exist? Every animal we've come into contact with has been mutated because of Reiden. Jackson : Even if there is, how would we possibly find it? There are infected animals on every continent. I know. It's like trying to find a needle in a stack of needles. In every country on Earth. But without that needle, we don't have a cure. We have to go. What happened? That was my colleague at the PGSE. The FBI has issued a warrant for my arrest. Jamie's, too. Ben Shafer. Oh, my God, Chloe. I'm so sorry. There's nothing to apologize for. It's only a matter of time before they connect the rest of you. We have to go, guys. Hey, hold on. Go where, huh? If the FBI is after us, if Delavane works for Reiden, where are we gonna go? Yeah, I don't speak "spy," but... pretty much feels like game over. Woman :  Henry's a lucky dog. He's in perfect health. So no more pills? No more pills. Do you think he's ever gonna be able to help Clementine with her seizures again? I'm hopeful. It may just take some more time. (birds squawking loudly) We'll see you in a couple of months, Henry. You just take care of this nice family of yours, okay? Man : And tell me what's going on. I don't know what happened. They just started making that awful noise. (whispering): It's okay. Shh. Come on, Henry. (birds squawking) Good boy. (barking) (Henry continues barking) Come on, let's go inside. Maybe we should not be standing around in a clump like this. Like the lady said, if they're going to treat us like criminals, we need to act like criminals. Everybody gets one. Chloe : Any calls you make, keep them short. From now on, we pay cash for everything. And no more contact with family and friends. Yeah, that's not gonna happen. Not for me, anyway. Why not? 'Cause I got to get these meds to Clem. (police siren whoops) And FBI or not, I'm bringing 'em to her. All right, guys, stop, just stop. This, this isn't gonna work, okay? We can't just be reactive to this thing. We got to get out in front of it. Now, we've been together a couple months as a team, we're doing pretty good, so now... now we got to save our own asses, and we got to save the world. That's a bit dramatic, but well said. Chloe : Agreed. What's the plan? All right, first off, it's time to go public with this thing. Now, we need a more official outlet than your blog, Jamie, but we obviously can't risk just walking into a news station, so who do you know? Do you know someone that you can contact? Yeah. Okay. Abe, take Mitch in the car and go get those meds to Clementine. Okay. What about us? I've got an idea for us. Why wasn't I told about the existence of this Mother Cell? You're head of global security. There are many things that you need to know about to do your job. The Mother Cell wasn't one of them. I made it very clear when I took this project on I needed to know everything. Information is a two-way street. Imagine my surprise when I learned that I was being blackmailed by a member of your team. I couldn't possibly have known about Mitch Morgan's plan. No, but you knew that they found the Mother Cell. Yes, and had I known of its significance to the company, I would have dealt with it appropriately. Look, we can go around in circles like this forever. The point is, you kept me in the dark and compromised the operation. The point... is that this team of yours was put together to protect this company's position, and they now possess the very device that can destroy us. Find them, get the Mother Cell back, and end this. ♪ ♪ Delavane : Sasha. Ah, good, you're home. I was running out of small talk. Hmm? Your friends are here. What? You never mentioned Tommy was in the Air Force. After talking with Sasha, we feel like we barely know you. Excuse me. Man (over phone) : This is Wilson. Wilson, it's Jamie Campbell. Jamie, how are you? I have a story for you. I'm in Boston. A story for me. Why do you have a story for me and not a story for you? It's complicated. Can we meet? Sure, just come by the office. I can't do that; like I said, it's complicated. Is there anywhere that we can make this discreet? What's going on, Jamie? Look, this is... this is big, Wilson. Career-defining. I have to be an anonymous source at the outset, but-but not for long. I just need someone I can trust. You're serious. Okay. 2:00. There's a warehouse at the corner of Madison and Third Street. Are you in trouble, Jamie? I'm okay. Thanks, Wilson. Uh, 2:00. I'll see you then. Mitch : Yeah, I'll meet you at the house. Anything comes up, just call me on this number. Yeah, I had to change phones. It's a long story. Okay. Bye. We're going to your ex's house? Maybe we should go somewhere that the police wouldn't think of, just in case. Yeah, it might be the worst idea I've ever had. But... thank you for coming with me. I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for your daughter. Look, I know what I did was wrong. If it's gonna make you feel better, take a swing at me. Serious, go ahead. Believe me, that's the last thing you want right now. (chuckles) (bird squawks) That sound, it's not normal, is it? I'd say that's pretty far from normal. Ta! Couple of months ago in Cape Town, the crew of a fishing trawler reported how a flock of razorbills attacked their boat. People were convinced they were after their haul of squid. But the captain was convinced they were after the crew. He described the sound the razorbills made as they circled overhead like cicadas. Let's get out of here. Yes, you drive. Beautiful home. My guess is that a government agent couldn't afford the water bill for a place like this. Good thing you're not a government agent. You have no idea who I am. Or what I am capable of. You work for Reiden Global. That is all we need to know. Maybe. Maybe not. On the other hand, I put your team together. I know everything about you. Exactly. Why would you do that? Especially if you knew Reiden was responsible for the very thing you wanted us to investigate. Our culpability is hardly a foregone conclusion. Oh, it will be when we're done. The Mother Cell's pretty damning proof. Why are you here? What do you want? We want what you promised when you hired us. Resources, information, access. We want you to help us make a cure to reverse the changes we're seeing in the animal kingdom, and... we want you to come clean, let the world know about the Mother Cell and Reiden's role in all of this. (chuckling) Clearly you're not that naive. If we do that, we will be met by billions of dollars of lawsuits, Reiden will be destroyed. We are offering you a chance to be part of the solution. Do that, and maybe, just maybe, the court of public opinion will go easy on you. Delavane : I have a different suggestion. You give me the Mother Cell, and I let you walk away. (scoffs) What's that mean? I'm very good at my job, Ms. Tousignant. I know the FBI just issued a warrant for your arrest and that of Ms. Campbell. Soon, they will link the rest of you to Agent Shafer's murder, and then they will realize that your very team has been present at the source of so many of these animal incidents. It's not hard to imagine that they will come to believe that you yourselves are the cause. That's absurd. If you say so. And once that happens, anything you say to try to indict Reiden will be met with understandable disbelief. Give me the Mother Cell, and I'll see what I can do about helping you out. The answer's no. No, this is not a negotiation. Then I suppose there's nothing left to discuss. You agree with him, Ms. Tousignant? Of course. Then you are making a mistake. No, we're not. You're the one making a mistake. See, we've got nothing to lose. You, on the other hand... When this is all gone, don't say we didn't give you a chance. 
 
 ♪ I can't pretend... ♪ So Delavane just stonewalled you guys? Didn't even blink. Guys... he is going to make a phone call. To men who get paid a lot of money to make other men disappear. Other men and other women. Jackson : How are we at a point where that doesn't even sound insane to me? Okay, guys, let's not get carried away. How long until we talk to your friend? Wilson? About an hour. So we stay hidden until then. Look, even if he buys our story and we end up on the front page of the paper, that doesn't solve our bigger problem here. We still need to find a cure for the animals. How do we do that? Do you still have Leo Butler's ledger in your bag? Can I see it? Process of elimination. Okay. This contains a list of every location around the world where Reiden products have been used. All right? Since we need to find an animal that hasn't been exposed to Reiden products... We can eliminate any animals in that particular area. Exactly. Hey, come on, guys. Really? (sighs) How does $100 sound? Sold. Jamie : Hey, want to take it easy on the spending money? We just lost our benefactor, remember? True. That's gonna be the title of my book: How to Save the World on Eleven Dollars a Day. Okay. We know the lions in L.A. were given Reiden feed. Jackson : Right. There's hundreds of locations here. So why haven't all the animals in these places been affected? Uh, maybe some animals are more susceptible than others. Some people smoke and don't get cancer. All right, what's the next entry? Agra. India. We're going to need a few more drinks. Singer : We just got access to the CCTV. 20-block radius around where Tousignant's cell phone last pinged a tower. And... facial recognition got a hit. Where is she? Not on Tousignant. On Campbell. I just sent you the footage. When was that? Hour ago. Southeast corner of Williamsburg and Talbert. (line rings) Singer. All right. Serial number 1028... 1245... 1107. I want to know everybody she's talked to. Copy that. (door closes) Hey. Hey. How's the map coming? Slowly. So far, we've eliminated two thirds of Asia and most of North and South America. You okay? No. Listen... I know you guys are too nice to say it, but Agent Shafer, Delavane... all of this is my fault. Whoa, whoa, hey. This is not your fault, Chloe. Yes, it is. No, it isn't. We all fell for Delavane. It's not your job to read people. I'm the one who's supposed to analyze a situation and determine the truth. I could not even see what was right in front of me. Not even that... that my sister slept with my boyfriend. Okay, you got me there. That was, um... that was pretty bad. (both laugh) How am I supposed to trust my instincts again? I don't know. You just do. And if you're not sure... you can ask for help. Her car's not here. I don't think it's a good idea for us to linger. (doorknob rattles) Back when Audra and I were together, she had an amazing ability to lock herself out of the house. Twice in one day, if you can believe that. So we developed a system of hiding a spare key. (wings flapping, birds squawking) That's the same noise we heard the sparrows make. Yeah, but those aren't sparrows. (squawking) It's like they're talking to each other. I know that birds have a universal warning call. But nothing resembling a common language. (dogs barking) (dogs howl, continue barking) Is it just me, or...? (phone ringing) Audra. Where are you? Audra : I'm at the park with Clem. We're trapped. (people screaming) The birds... Mitch, there's hundreds of them, and they're attacking people. I can barely hear you. You're... you're at the park? Yes. (birds squawking) (people screaming) Over here! Watch out! Over here! Run! Run away! Audra : You have to run! Oh! No, no! They're biting me! Audra? You can do it! Mitch : Audra! Run! Please, please... Audra, tell me what's going on. (squawking) Audra? Audra! Damn it. What happened? Let's go. She said they're at the park. The birds are attacking. Do you know which park? Yes. (engine starts) (tires squealing) (baby crying) (squawks) (fussing) (squawking) (fussing) Wilson : So this Mother Cell is Reiden Global's secret sauce? It's used across product lines, from agricultural to consumer to commercial to pharmaceutical. If Reiden's name is on it, the Mother Cell is present. And now it's out in the wild, accelerating massive changes to the genetic makeup of animals across the globe. You know, a reporter on my desk was attacked by a bird this morning on her way to work. Is it possible that that was because...? Yeah. Yeah, it could be. And you have proof of this? We have the Mother Cell itself. Damn, Jamie. Not to mention reams of data, okay? Internal Reiden documents. Experiments our own scientist has performed on the mutated animals... I told you this was big. Can you help us? Yeah. Yeah, I can help. Oh, thank you so much, Wilson. Man : FBI! Don't. (gun cocks) Lay your weapon on the ground. Slowly. My name is Chloe Tousignant. I'm DGSE operative. I know who you are, Ms. Tousignant. Maybe I was unclear on the exact pronunciation, but I do know that you're not DGSE. Not anymore, anyway. Jamie Campbell. Yes. Ben Shafer was a friend of mine. I'm so sorry. You're sorry? I loved him like a son. What does your "sorry" do for that, huh? She has nothing to be sorry about. She shot him in self-defense. He tried to kill us. Why would he do that? Chloe : Because your friend was working for a corporation called Reiden Global, and we'd uncovered some things Reiden would rather have remained secret. Ben Shafer was FBI special agent. He was dirty. Excuse me? Chloe : Your friend was dirty. He was taking money from Reiden, using his position to cover up their mess. In over 20 years of law enforcement, I've only discharged my weapon three times in the field. Imagine that. Three times. Right now I just want to blow your little head off. (Jackson yells) Run! ♪ ♪ (gunshots) Go! Go! My God, Jamie, you didn't tell me. Go! Sorry! (tires screech) (engine revs) Abraham :  What if we use sound  to repel the birds? What? Like the oscillator you built in Rio. Yeah, maybe that would work, but we don't have an oscillator. And even if we did, we don't have time for a maybe. So, what are we going to do? (siren wailing nearby) (fire truck horn blares) I got something. What is it? I was here last year. In Boston for a conference. Yes? And there was a Dalmatian outside our hotel. Got hit by a motorcycle. Mitch, I don't... I was there! I saved the dog's life. Its name was, uh, uh... Rufus! Rufus? Rufus was the dog's name. His owners were very grateful. Mitch, you've lost me. Dalmatian, firehouse dog! (birds squawking) Why are they just sitting there? What are they waiting for? It's gone. Audra : Clem! Clem! No! (baby crying) (screaming) (people screaming, clamoring) Oh! What's happening? (Music) Jamie :  More bad news. Wilson's out. His executive editor called Reiden to follow up. And let me guess... five minutes later, their lawyers were slapped with a cease and desist by the Reiden legal team. They are good at what they do. Maybe we should just turn ourselves in. What good would we be in custody? At least we could tell our story. What... to a roomful of cops who want to try us for murdering a federal agent? We can't just give up. So, what are we gonna do? We cannot go to the press. We cannot go to the authorities. You're right. The only people that can help us now are in this room. Hey, guys. Reporter (over TV) : There was also a separate bird attack at Bowler Park in Brighton. Three adults were killed; 16 others were injured, including four children. City and state officials are currently investigating whether the three attacks are related. Residents are being asked to use caution when outdoors. (TV turns off) It's getting bigger. The animals are getting more aggressive. If it keeps progressing like this, it won't matter what we decide to do, because by then, it will be too late. We have to do something now. Fine. I agree. But what? FBI intel suggests there are five suspects in the house. Two women, three men. One of them is former French intelligence. Another is ex-military. I expect them to be armed. But we may have innocents... a mother and a little girl... so be careful. Others : Yes, sir! Hey. You okay? I don't know. (sighs) I just want to get out of here. How did you get these drugs? All that matters is that you have them and that Clem's gonna be okay. And what about you and your friends? We'll figure something out. Hey... let me see your eye. Oh, it's fine. I'm sure it is. But I'm a doctor, remember? (laughs) Let me see it. Thank you. You saved our daughter's life. And you saved mine. I'm sorry I've been so hard on you. It's okay. I think I tend to bring that out in people. (laughs) Perfect. Beautiful as you always were. (dog panting) I still don't understand why we have to go. Sweetie, you saw what happened with those birds, right? It's not safe here. We're gonna go and see Justin's parents in Maine. He's gonna join us there. It'll be good for Henry to be out of the city. Remember, keep an eye on Henry, right? If he does anything weird... I will, Daddy. I understand. Honey, you can't take them all. I'm not. Just a few. Audra : Okay. Leave some room for your clothes. Jackson, do you remember when you showed me all those pictures of the walls in your dad's compound? Yeah, of course. There was one picture in particular that had a list of traits... uh, Felidae, Carnivora, all the big cat taxonomies. Specifically, leopards. I remember. There has to be a reason for that. What if your dad was searching for a cure, too? What if that's our needle? Leopards? Have we ruled it out yet? Okay, leopards are found in India, the Arabian Peninsula, the Himalayan foothills, sub-Saharan Africa... But we've ruled out most of those areas already. Yeah, but there are some areas in Africa where there's no reported Reiden activity. Jamie : Okay... last year, six people killed in a small village near the Zambezi River. Zambia, Africa, 13 injured. Zambia. Nothing. Double-check the ledger, make sure you didn't miss anything. Double-checking. Jamie : Okay, then, six months ago, five separate leopard attacks in villages along a 20-miles stretch of the Luangwa Valley. And... Zambia's largest agricultural company is owned by one of Reiden's biggest critics. That might explain why Reiden products aren't being used there. And... There's nothing. No mention of Zambia anywhere. (both chuckling softly) I think we just found our needle. Police! FBI! Clear. Clear. Clear. House is empty, sir. (sighs) All right. I don't want to be a buzzkill, but it's about 7,000 miles to Zambia. It's gonna take more than a police scanner and some dirt roads to get us there. You're right... don't be a buzzkill. One thing at a time. (birds squawking) Hey. Listen. Do you guys hear that? Mitch : Yup. We've been hearing it all day. Different species of birds, all making the exact same noise. Mitch thinks the birds are developing a common tongue. You think the eagles can talk to the finches. Mitch : Can talk to the skua, can talk to the black-headed grosbeak... There are maybe 300 billion birds in the world. Imagine if they could all talk to each other. Jamie : If that's true, they could send a message around the world and back. Let's just figure out a way to get to Zambia. Quick. Burke : Look on the bright side: Your hiring instincts are good. They found the Mother Cell. And they think they can use it to make a cure. It's a shame they won't live to find out if they're right. I'll make the call. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 