Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Blame It on Leo - Zoo 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Blame It on Leo https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=355&t=19738 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/29/15 10:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Blame It on Leo 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Abraham :  For centuries, mankind has been the dominant species. We've domesticated animals, locked them up, killed them for sport. But a series of recent events seem to suggest all across the globe animals have decided: no more. And so we were hired, a team of people from different backgrounds, with different specialties: an expert in animal behavior, a journalist, safari guide, foreign intelligence agent, and a veterinary pathologist. Our task: to find out what is happening with the animals, why it's happening, and how to stop it. 
 Previously on That's a bat. Flying a little high, isn't it? And a little too early in the day. (bats squeaking) Do you have family? I never asked. Yeah, we're not close. As you can imagine, I'm an acquired taste. Okay. Why are you in Mississippi? I believe that's what you would call classified. You know, in America, we have this thing. It's called inter-agency cooperation. Mm. You should try it sometime. Perhaps I will, but not tonight. Good night, Agent Shafer. (growling, yelling) (indistinct shouting) (man yelling) (alarm bell ringing) (wolves howling) Over here! Those are Hartley's clothes. Shafer :  So where is Evan Lee? Well, we've been here for two days. And already, we've discovered unusual bacteria inside a wolf that's behaving abnormally. That's an accomplishment. Jamie :  I found this. It's his Hartley's. It was in his cell. I also found this. That Evan Lee Hartley? That's my father. Jamie (over phone) : Anything yet? You know what's guaranteed to make this go faster, Jamie? You saying anything yet every 25 seconds. Okay. I know. I know. I know. But we're running out of time. Mitch : Running out of time. I know. Here's something. Evan Lee Hartley wrote this name all over his Bible... Leo Butler. Let me see. I can't find anything to explain why he kept this picture of him and my dad, but... Leo Butler here and here. Here. Who's Leo Butler? Hey, now. Jamie : What? What is it? Looks like a type of  Alcanivorax  bacteria. Kind they use to clean up oil spills, eats hydrocarbons. Okay, well, how did it wind up in the blood of a wolf? The usual way. It went from a primary consumer all the way to a tertiary consumer. Professor, remember your audience. I spent every one of my science classes thinking about my English homework. The food web. Chain reaction. ♪ There was an old lady who swallowed a cat ♪ 
♪ She swallowed the cat to catch the bird ♪ 
♪ She swallowed the bird to catch the spider... ♪ Mitch, look, we really got to get going. ♪ That wriggled and jiggled ♪ 
♪ And tickled inside her ♪ 
♪ She swallowed the spider to ♪ 
♪ catch the fly ♪ (bell ringing) ♪ I don't know why she swallowed the... ♪ Mitch did you hear that? Jamie : Let's go. Hang on a second. I think I got something. Mitch, we really got to go. Yup. On my way. (door opens, chatter) Mitch, we are going to get caught. We have to get out of here right now. Mitch! Move! Hey. (engine starts) Slipping out without getting caught by the teacher. Takes me back. ♪ Just show me the way ♪ 
♪ To the next whiskey bar... ♪ Oh, oui. ♪ Oh, don't ask why... ♪ Yeah, once I increased the magnification, I saw a chemical signature. A string of benign molecules that have no bearing on the bacteria whatsoever. Audience, Mitch. Remember it. It means the bacteria was man made. And it was signed by the chemist who created it. Then we need to talk to this chemist. Not that easy. Think of the signature as a... a graffiti tag. I saw it, but I still have no idea who painted it on the wall. So we're at a dead end. Not yet. I forwarded the signature to a guy I know at M.I.T. He might be able to come up with an I.D. for us. Pack your bags. We're going to Rio. (laughing): I love this job. What's in Rio? Chloe : You said if you could find out what all of these animals we've encountered have in common, you can maybe find a way to figure out what's happening. Well, you can add bats to your list. Bats. Chloe : Thousands of them swarming all over Rio, in broad daylight. That's weird, right? What, the daylight thing? Bats are nocturnal, but it's not unheard of. Thousands of them though? Yeah. (phone chiming) Oh. Excuse me, guys. Can I talk to you for a second? I'm not going to Rio. Jackson... I'm going to find Leo Butler. You don't know that Butler is in any way connected to your father. And you don't know that he's not. That was my guy at M.I.T. He was able to I.D. the signature. It was a chemist who used to work at... Reiden Global. Jamie : What? I'm sorry. The company that you all keep telling me isn't the root of all evil? That Reiden Global? Did you a get name? I did. Leo Butler. Leo Butler? Why? You know him? No. But I sure as hell want to. Okay, Jackson, you stay here with Jamie and you find this Leo Butler. The rest of us will go to Rio. (electronic bell dings) Woman (over P.A.) : The pilot has turned off the fasten-seat belt sign. You're free to roam about the cabin... They can't fly this high, you know. Bats. They can't fly this high. You were flying at a much lower altitude when they came at you in Japan, so nothing to worry about. At least until we start our descent. Meantime, in order to keep your mind off all things bat, I thought, uh, I'd offer up some facts. Facts about what? Facts about bats. Bat fact number one. (sighs): Oh, God. Their, uh... their wings are actually webbed fingers. Bat fact number two: the phrase blind as a bat kind of a misnomer. I mean, they don't see too well, but same can be said for some of us, right? Word on the street is that Butler has been blackmailing Reiden ever since he went underground and dispersing the money to various charities, charities all over the world that give the money to people who've been wronged by Reiden. Are these internal Reiden documents? Yeah. I've made some friends over the years. Bloggers. Hacktivists, People Under The Stairs. But they got us these. This is completely illegal. I like it. Okay, well, we have to find him. I'm getting close. A guy's got to live while he's out there being Robin Hood, right? It appears Butler has been paying himself with a portion of the blackmail money... routing it through shell companies with P.O. boxes all over the Gulf Coast. I think with a little time and some luck, I can get his actual address. Wow. This is... this is good. (knocking) (door opens) Miss Campbell. Agent Shafer with the FBI. We met at the prison. Yes, of course. Agent Shafer. I see what you did there. You, uh... you said my name louder than necessary as if to alert somebody in your room of my presence. Yeah, my subterfuge game isn't so tight. Shafer : Well, frankly, it's terrible. How'd you know we were here? Ms. Tousignant asked me to keep her in the loop on the Evan Lee Hartley manhunt. She told me where you'd be staying. (clears throat) Agent Shafer. Please. Come in. Great. No. Jackson, I don't think... (clears throat) So, have you found him? Hartley? Uh, I didn't say that. I implied it so you'd let me in. See,  his  subterfuge game is tight. Well, I am a trained professional. What do you want? What does Reiden Global have to do with the prison fire? Why do you ask that? Well, Reiden was hacked yesterday, and somehow, some of their documents found their way into your e-mail address. How... ? We have a cyber crime division, you know. We're good like that. So, first, I find you scam your way into a crime scene at a prison, and now, you've hacked into Reiden Global. So, how about you tell me what you're really up to? (sighs) I have a friend at the Brazilian Intelligence Agency. When we arrive in Rio, she will brief us on the situation. Mitch : Sounds like a plan. (electronic bell dings) Proud to be part of it. Man : Ladies and gentlemen, we are beginning our descent into lovely Rio de Janeiro. (people murmuring) What is it? All flight attendants, please return to your seats. (bats squeaking) Mitch : Bat fact number three: apparently, it's worse than we thought. (bats squeaking) Joey cut his hair. Can you believe that, Henry? (whimpers softly) Oh. Here's something about Tristan. It says he has a black lab named Esther. It'd be fun to go out with a boy who had a dog. Or even a boy who didn't have a dog. (barking) Okay. Good boy, Henry. (echoing bark) (barking continues) (girl panting) (distorted chatter, ears ringing, heart beating) (distorted): You okay? (noises fade) Sweetie? Okay, baby, come on. Man : You okay, kiddo? Yeah. It wasn't a bad one. And Henry warned me in time. (barks) Hey, you know, you can't just arrest him before we've had a chance to talk with him first. Sure I can. In fact, I have to. Once I called the Bureau to pinpoint Leo's location from a list of P.O. boxes, it became an official FBI investigation. Even has a case number. Jackson : You have to give me 15 minutes with him first. Shafer : Look, I already agreed to let you come along on this little boat ride. Now you're giving me orders? 15 minutes. That's all we ask. Miss Campbell, you just told me that Leo Butler's blackmailing a multinational corporation. It's a federal offense. Out of everything we told you, that's your takeaway? Federal crime, Federal Bureau of Investigation. You see the linkage? How about the fact that when this guy was working for Reiden, somehow Leo Butler created a bacteria that caused those wolves to attack a prison? Let's see. Leo Butler, a blackmailing embezzler, invents a bacteria that accidentally creates prisoner eating wolves. That's what you want me to tell my bosses at the Bureau? That's a better takeaway? Woman : We want to know what is driving the bats wild. Chloe : So do we. What business is that of the French government? I'm sorry. I cannot say it. State secrets. Of course. In any case, it's nice to see you in the field. Congratulations. So the bats... have your scientists done any testing? Sim. And the good news... they have determined the bats do not have rabies. And the bad news? Rabies is the only thing that would even come close to explaining this. Your friend is a scientist. Mitch : One who would love to know what responses are being considered. The plan on the table is to drop a version of Endrin on the bats. Endrin? Come on. You can't be serious. What is Endrin? Mitch : It's an insecticide. Outlawed in the States and most developed countries. It's like chemotherapy. Kills the cancer, but attacks everything else, as well. You do realize you'd be risking the health of every single living thing in Rio. And we are considering that very issue. But you've seen the bats. People are frightened. Well, at least give us some time, 'cause if you kill them all, we'll never learn what's causing this behavior. I'll do what I can. Thank you. But I make no promises. (engine starts) Mitch : You know, I can't help but notice, for a city under siege by bats... No bats. Not here, at least. Why over there and not here? (birds chirping) (knocking) Hey, wait. We can't go in there. We don't have a warrant. Good thing I'm not a cop. What's the cage for? Jamie : Damned if I know. (rapid footsteps) Whoa! Federal agent! Jamie : Wait! We don't want to hurt you. Shafer : Or maybe we do just want to hurt you. (bats squeaking) Mitch : Come to Rio, jewel of South America. (indistinct chatter) (music playing) I've seen this before, this kind of Jerry-rigged power, in poorer African villages. This place might as well be a separate city, cut off from all official services... utilities, plumbing, power, telephone service. To survive, the people are forced to improvise. Why do you suppose the bats congregate here, of all places? 'Cause it's less sanitary here? More insects? More food for the bats? (phone chimes) I don't know. I got to get ahold of one of these things, study it up close. Gabriela was able to delay the pesticide drop until morning. Still doesn't give us much time, does it? (gunshots) It's okay. They're shooting at the bats. (gunshots continue) Mitch. After you. (bats squeaking) (bats screeching) Chloe : What are they doing? Sometimes insects like to nest in transformers. Maybe the bats are feeding. Chloe : What? Get down! (people shouting, screaming) (distant explosions) Must have been a chain reaction. (dogs barking in distance) What did you do? Nothing. We're only studying the bats. You're French? Yes. My friend, we don't want any trouble. And where are you from, big papa? Africa. Gonna wish you never left. (chuckles): You might want to reconsider. _ _ Shall we lower our weapons and have a discussion? An American, an African, and a French woman. (chuckles) If you'd walk into a bar together, we'd have the beginning of a bad joke. Rio has many sights popular with the tourists, but... this neighborhood is not one of them. Chloe : Tell your men to stand down. We're no threat to them. The fact that your gun is still raised says otherwise. Chloe, please lower your gun. Perhaps we should pay these men for their time. A token of our inconveniencing them. You have been around. Here and there. That's wonderful. Souvenir. Look, just tell us what you know about Evan Lee Hartley. I don't know who that is. Your name is written on almost every other page of his Bible. Well, that's suitably eerie. Jackson : What about Robert Oz? Robert Oz. Does that ring any bells? Oz. No. Should it? Are you gonna hit me again? Jackson. Please. Look, we need your help. Please, can you just talk to us? So if she's the good cop and he's the bad cop, what does that make you? Oh, actually, I'm the only cop. We need to talk to you about Reiden Global. No. No. No way! Leo, please. No way! I'm not getting involved in this. They've got people everywhere! You could be involved with them for all I know. Leo, I'm from Folsom, Louisiana. Does that mean anything to you? Of course. There's a brand new library there 'cause of you. I heard it came out beautiful. What can you tell us about the  Alcanivorax  bacteria? What is taking him so long to find Henry? You let the dog out again with the fence still broken, and you're gonna complain that your stepdad hasn't found him in a timely fashion? I know, I know. I just keep forgetting that it's not fixed. When will it be fixed? When I hit the lottery. That would be such a great story. It would make the news. Mother of a dying girl wins big. Story at 11:00. Clementine. You'd be famous and me and Henry, too. I don't want to be famous for that. (chuckles) (phone chiming) Hello? Henry got hit by a car on Cranston Street. (whimpers) I'm on my way to the vet now. 
 
 Oh, God. What is it? What is it, Mom? Abraham : What are you looking for, exactly? Anything abnormal. Some sort of clue as to why they're behaving this way. Could take a while. That's why I never had any patience for science. I'm going to walk to that  pastéis. Does anybody want something? No, I'm good. Chloe? I'm good. Thank you. I didn't want to say anything in front of Abe, but when your friend was talking earlier, uh, Gab... Gabriela, about seeing you in the field, what was that about? I've not seen her in a long time is all. Yeah, I don't think that's it. Not seeing how you played it with those street kids. Might have been nice if you or your boss would've told us that our field leader has no field experience. I'm entirely qualified for whatever we may encounter while carrying out this mission. Yeah, see, even that sounds like you read it out of a spy novel. (scoffs) Someday, I would like to meet this person who made you become this thing you are today. Was it his mom, who didn't hug him enough? A college girlfriend who broke his heart? Or was he always the last picked on the sporting teams? It was all those things. Hang on a second. The eyes have changed. Shape is different. Here, come here. Take a look. Pupils are bigger. (bat screeching) (gasps) That's not dead. That is not a dead bat. (chuckles) That... Definitely not. So you mimicked the wolf's brain inside a coffee pot? That's actually... That's quite brilliant. Our brilliance really isn't the message here. And then the-the coffee pot... exploded? Literally. Oh, galloping crud. Okay, kiddies. You've had your coffee klatch. Time for Loopy Leo to go to jail. No, no, ten minutes. I'll give you four. Jail? Who said anything about jail? Leo, could the bacteria you created have caused the wolves' behavior to change? No. Not the bacteria... Leo, please, if there's something that you know, just tell us. Look, a lot of guys would not have given that money to charity. I know you're one of the good ones. Ever wonder why Reiden is so much more successful than all of their competitors? It's because they have a vector that's better than all the others. Really? Shafer : Okay. I'll be man enough to admit it. I wouldn't know what a vector is even if the Wi-Fi in this creepy shack was working. A vector is a DNA molecule used to manipulate cellular material on a genetic level. Still haven't gotten any smarter in the last five seconds. It means they have a molecule that allows them to be faster, better, cheaper. Okay, then why doesn't everybody else just get their own? Because they can't. Among other things, the vector is extremely rare. Outside of Reiden, you are the only other people who know it exists. Only a select few inside Reiden even know where it comes from. They call it the Mother Cell. That doesn't sound ominous at all. Butler : They discovered it about a dozen years ago. Preliminary testing proved how powerful it was. By the time they realized the potential side effects, it was too late. They'd already invested too much money to back out. What side effects? I don't sleep anymore, because I lay awake at night counting all the different ways they could kill me. I'd arrived at 16. 16 different ways... Jackson : Leo! Side effects. It's doing something to the animals, isn't it? Do you know where it is used by Reiden? Maybe you don't understand. The Mother Cell is in every single product Reiden makes. It's everywhere. It's all over the world, and it can't be stopped. Jamie :  No one is gonna hurt you. Just get us the Mother Cell and all of this will be over. We can protect you. Right, Agent Shafer? Absolutely. I keep it hidden, not far from here. Fine. We're going with you. No. Absolutely not. Look, you don't have a say in the matter, pal. I certainly do. I just won't retrieve it for you. Shafer : Well, then you can just go to jail. That still doesn't get you the Mother Cell. Wait, what if I went with you? Just me. Jamie, forget about... One of you guys punched him in the face, and the other one's a cop. I would understand... That would be entirely acceptable. It would? Entirely. We'll take my boat. Vet says it'll cost $3,000. $3,000? - He's gonna need follow-up surgery. On top of Clem's treatment? How can we? You're not gonna like this, but... maybe we should call him. No. Aud, I'm just saying. Why? Because he bought her the dog? He is her father. She hasn't seen him since she was two years old. No, I am not gonna call him and guilt him into paying for this. Okay. We'll go to Plan B. We have a Plan B? Sure. Plan B is we make it work. We'll fix Henry and we'll figure it out. But we are not gonna let Clem lose her best friend. (bat squeaking softly) Why are you so anxious? Still not sure letting her go alone with that guy was the right thing to do. Oh, please. You see the way he looked at her? Like he'd been wandering the Sahara Desert for five years and she was a lake of root beer. Huh? It means he may ditch her, but he's not gonna hurt her. But just in case... bang! What? I hacked into Leo's account. Now, he syncs his phone with his computer, so I can access the GPS on his phone. You hacked into the account? Yeah. What kind of a federal agent are you? A good one. All right, that's them. If he's able to ditch Jamie and disappear with the Mother Cell, we can track him. (ringtone playing) You know what, keep an eye on them, will you? Hello? Hello, Jackson? It's Chloe. How are things in Rio? Good, good. Um... it's quiet. At the moment. Mitch is examining a bat. He discovered an abnormality in its eye. I swear to God, I am gonna kill that man before this is over. Yeah, I... I may beat you to it. And Abraham... he has his dark places, no? Oui. Yeah. Perhaps someday he'll tell you about it. So did you find Leo Butler? Yeah, we did. He doesn't know my father. But listen to this... he may... (bat screeching) Chloe? Hey, what's going on over there? You okay? Hey, Chloe. Hey, Chloe. Chloe? I'm sorry, I have to go. Is it possible that the bat was attracted to my phone or to technology? I mean, is that crazy? Well, crazy seems to be on a sliding scale since I met you guys. The plane in Japan... perhaps the bats were attracted to its radio waves. And what about the solar panels in the Antarctic? And those power poles in the favelas weren't shielded properly. Abraham : I think you are using the wrong words. Being attracted to something is not the same thing as attacking it. Well, I don't know. I once threw all my ex-wife's clothes on the front lawn 'cause I was attracted to her. All right, are you guys familiar with the-the trophic scale? Well, pretend we're not. The trophic scale is an index of where everything falls on the food chain. Apex predators are a five. They're at the top. Sharks, tigers, birds of prey... predators that eat other predators. Humans, contrary to popular belief, are only a 2.2. Alongside pigs and... anchovies. (chuckles): Anchovies. Now, only two things allow us to behave like fives. Our ability to reason... ... and our technology. (steady beeping) They're still on the move. Looks like they docked his boat. Now they're in his car. What are you doing? Leo Butler's name is written all over Evan Lee Hartley's Bible. Maybe something in here will tell me why. All right, hold on. We don't have a warrant, so none of this can be used in court. Spare me the ethics lecture, okay? You just hacked into the man's computer. I'll start on this stuff. Chloe :  But they can't know it. The animals, the bats. Can't know what? That's it's only our technology that keeps us from being their prey. Are you asking if the animals have somehow developed a... hyper intelligence? Whether they know it or not, this mission of ours has just become a whole lot less amusing. How far can bats see? Uh, depends. Some can only see 25 feet, others can see up to a few hundred yards. Why? We go far out into the forest and we hook up something with an electromagnetic signal, and we boost it somehow so the bats can't miss it. Once there, they'll be too far away to see any other electromagnetic source. Exactement.  So maybe they remain there. All right, whoa. Whoa. Let's try and remember our designations here, okay? I'm the scientist. You're the analyst. Still not sure what you are. But it could work, yes? No. Yes. Maybe. If we... If we had something that gave off that kind of signal. How about a cellular antenna? Like the one at the favela? The favelas... Yeah, uh, you don't remember what happened to us out there? Real cellular antennae... those owned by phone companies... will be secured behind locked gates. No. No way. Do you have another idea? You support this plan? Well... (mouths) I mean, guys, we have to do something. If we don't, the government will drop poison from the sky, and as you yourself pointed out, that poison will affect every living thing in Rio. Including us. Stay here. Where are you going? To get it. The Mother Cell. Almost forgot. (hooting in distance) (squawking in distance) What are you doing? Contributing. I'm gonna sell some of this stuff to help pay for Henry's doctor bills. Sweetie, don't be ridiculous. Wait. Where did you get this? From your closet. I didn't know I still had it. You know I love Justin, Mom, right? I know. But... do you think if I got really bad... Baby. ... that he would come? Clementine. Do you? I don't know. I really don't. (door closes in distance) Justin : Hey, guys. Here, boy. It's them. (gasps) Is he okay? He's gonna be fine. He just needs to take it easy for a while and take his meds. Welcome to my world, Henry. (laughs) Exactly, babe. And I'm putting you in charge. Just like you're good about taking your medicine, you got to be good about giving Henry his. I can do that. Thank you so much, guys. Thank you so much. He must be starving. Come on, Henry. Time for supper. Come on. Thank you. Plan B. Make your kid smile. Everything else will take care of itself. ♪ ♪ Hold on. What is it? Looks like some sort of... inventory of products that contain the Mother Cell. And how and where those products were used. You're telling me that all of these products have this Mother Cell in 'em? But this is everything from... dog food to weed killer. I know. (hooting in distance) (knocking) (gasps) Voilà. Wow. Butler : I know, right? I got to admit, I'm kind of glad to be shed of it. Soon as I pack up my stuff, I disappear, for good. Now it's your problem. (engine starts) (car alarm wailing) (engine starts, alarm stops) I've got the truck. I'll be there in five minutes. We'll be ready. Think I almost got it. Almost got what? I can't even begin to understand what's happening right now. Do not. You're making a mistake. Only mistake was keeping Enzo on his leash earlier. Hidey ho. Mitch : Hey. We're... we're actually just trying to solve your bat problem. Oh, yeah? Aliado,  it looks to me like you've got a bat problem all your own. Here, look. That's the one I'm gonna buy. And I'm gonna name her  Ventus,  which is the Latin word for wind. Wow. Beautiful. You'll have to take me for a sail sometime. You don't have to work the charm thing anymore. You-you got what you came for. Leo, I'm forever grateful for what you did. And I 100% want to go for a sail with you when this is all over. You do? Yeah, I do. What the hell? What is it? My GPS is on. Okay. I don't use my GPS. You... You tricked me. What? No, no... Your friends are tracking me. No, no, no, no, no. Leo. No, no, no. I told you. I told you this would happen. I knew it! No, no, Leo, listen to me. Nobody is tricking you. (thundering crash, glass shattering) Where is it? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 