Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - The Scarlet Letter - The Mentalist 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - The Scarlet Letter https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13669 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/05/09 20:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - The Scarlet Letter 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Jane : What's the fuss? 
 Cho : Slept through Lisbon's briefing in the van, didn't you? 
 Jane : Like a baby. 
 Cho : Yeah, the victim's name is Kristin Marley. She worked at the state capitol for some lady senator, went missing three days ago. Rumor is she was having an affair with the senator's husband. 
 Rigsby : My bet—she's a jumper. 
 Van Pelt : I hope not. 
 Cho : If she's a jumper, job's done. 
 Rigsby : Yeah, the senator's husband dumps her, she wants to make him feel bad, she comes out here... Splat. 
 Van Pelt : Don't talk that way. 
 Rigsby : Okay, not splat. Bam. 
 Van Pelt : There's nothing worse than suicide. Human life is sacred. When someone takes their own life, it's a tragedy. 
 Lisbon : Sacramento P. D.'s handing the case over to us. Let's go talk to the coroner. Shall I recap the case, sleepyhead? 
 Jane : Kristin Marley— lady senator's aide, rumored romance with the senator's husband. 
 Lisbon : Very good. 
 Jane : Oh, I trained myself to hear and take in information while asleep. 
 Lisbon : The others told you? 
 Jane : Yes, they did. 
 Coroner : At this point, there's no way to determine what happened to the victim, agent Lisbon. I-I simply can't help you. 
 Lisbon : Well, can you tell how long she's been dead? 
 Coroner : I couldn't possibly, given the evidence available. 
 Lisbon : Do you think it was a homicide or a suicide? 
 Coroner : Couldn't say. 
 Jane : What's your guess? 
 Coroner : I'm not in the habit of—of guessing. Please don't touch the decedent. You—you—you detectives always want the instant answers. What I do is science. Science will uncover the truth, but she will be precise, methodical and take her time before she renders her decision. 
 Rigsby : I wonder if science can remove the stick from his butt. 
 Coroner : I heard that. 
 Jane : You're right. We want facts. Fortunately, we have them. 
 Coroner : Oh, we do? 
 Jane : In abundance. 
 Coroner : You're the consultant that pretends to read minds, aren't you? 
 Jane : No. I don't pretend to read minds. I do read minds. But don't we all? Look at lisbon. You can see what she's thinking. 
 Lisbon : No kidding. 
 Jane : And I can see what you're thinking right now. 
 Coroner : Uh, i-i was thinking that you, sir, are a bumptious fool, and I was wondering exactly what training in forensic pathology you have. 
 Jane : Ah, but right before that, you were wondering whether you would choose Lisbon or Van Pelt as your concubine in that little fantasy kingdom you like to go to sometimes. 
 Coroner : I... I do not. 
 Jane : Oh, and—and you're right. I-I know nothing of forensic pathology. But agent Van Pelt— she might offer her theory. 
 Van Pelt : Or I might not. 
 Jane : Look at her feet. 
 Van Pelt : I did. 
 Jane : And what question presents itself? 
 Van Pelt : Where's her other shoe? 
 Jane : Exactly. 
 Cho : It wasn't up on the bridge. 
 Rigsby : It could be in her car. 
 Lisbon : Even if it was, why would she walk to the middle of the bridge with one shoe on? Why would she do that? 
 Jane : Bingo! 
 Lisbon : There's no need to be patronizing. 
 Van Pelt : So she must have been carried. She didn't kill herself. She was murdered, then dropped over. 
 Rigsby : Or thrown over still alive. Better than suicide. 
 Jane : Yes. 
 Coroner : It's... A theory. 
 Jane : It's lovely to meet you, doc. You're a horse's ass, but you mean well. I'll be in the van. 
 Lisbon : My apologies, sir. Cho, tell the Sacramento P. D. That it's a homicide. Rigsby, Van Pelt, see what the sheriff's department got in their investigation. 
 Rigsby : All right. 
 Dede : Kristin had been interning here for about nine months. She came in at the start of the last session, right out of college. I liked her. She was sweet, young—in a good way. 
 Lisbon : Who did she work for? 
 Dede : Senator Melinda Batson. She's an up-and-comer from the central valley. Please put that down. 
 Lisbon : Anything to the rumor that Kristin was having an affair with batson's husband? 
 Dede : Elliott Batson— he's Melinda's chief of staff. We've heard the rumors. Everyone denies it. There's no evidence anything happened. 
 Lisbon : The media seem to think there is. 
 Dede : You want to get me started on what they believe? Frankly, when you've worked here as long as I have, you hear a lot of stories about wild behavior. Most of them aren't true. 
 Jane : Except the ones that are. Sorry. 
 Lisbon : Hello? 
 Jane : Hello? Hello? Hello? 
 Melinda : I've issued a statement, and I'm not taking any questions. 
 Lisbon : We're not press. We're CBI. Agent Teresa Lisbon, Patrick Jane. 
 Melinda : Right. Sorry. You called. Melinda Batson. This is my husband Elliott. 
 Elliott : Hi. Tough day around here. 
 Jane : Is this Kristin's desk? 
 Melinda : Yes. Come inside. 
 Lisbon : Jane. Care to join us? 
 Jane : I'll be right there. 
 Lisbon : Anything unusual aboutKKristin's behavior the day she disappeared? 
 Elliott : No, she was, uh, cheerful. Finished work, left at 6:00, I think, uh... 
 Melinda : A little after 6:00. 
 Elliott : After 6:00 then. 
 Lisbon : Did she say where she was going? 
 Melinda : No. 
 Elliott : No. 
 Meinda : She... Was having trouble with her family. 
 Elliott : It was her stepmother, right? 
 Melinda : Her natural parents are dead, and for some reason, her stepmother called a bunch of times that day. 
 Lisbon : Did Kristin tell you what it was about? 
 Melinda  No. 
 Melinda : No. I-I was surprised. I-I thought they were estranged. 
 Lisbon : What was your relationship to Kristin, Mr. Batson? 
 Melinda : Oh, please. Please. We know where you're going with this. 
 Elliott : Melinda, I— 
 Melinda : No, let's just haul the trash out in the open. You want to know if she and Elliott were sleeping together. 
 Lisbon : Were you? 
 Elliott : Never. It's a rumor. That's all. 
 Lisbon : Rumors usually happen for a reason. 
 Elliott : Well... 
 Melinda : I'll give you the reason— politics. You want to take a female politician down a few notches? Throw mud on her marriage. 
 Lisbon : Where were you the night Kristin was killed? 
 Elliott : Here. I was on a conference call with a trade delegation from Taiwan. We talked until after 11:00. 
 Melinda : I was with him the whole time. 
 Elliott : We'll be married three years this october, and... Today's news excepted, uh, we've never been happier. 
 Jane : That's hard to believe. 
 Melinda : What does that mean? 
 Jane : Well, there's nothing going on between you right now. 
 Elliott : Excuse me? What? 
 Jane : I'm sorry. I-I meant sexually, no heat. Right? 
 Melinda : I think we're done here. 
 Jane : You'd think a politician would have thicker skin. 
 Lisbon : You accused them of lying about their s*x life, and you're surprised they're upset? 
 Jane : Oh, come on. You're buying that happy talk? Really? 
 Lisbon : Agent Minelli, sir. 
 Minelli : Agent Lisbon. 
 Walter : I asked him down. Uh, Walter Crew, Melinda Batson's dad. You're agents, uh, Jane and Lisbon? 
 Lisbon : Yeah, we are. 
 Walter : Sorry to track you down like this. I asked Virgil here to introduce me to the team handling the poor Marley girl's case. 
 Minelli : Walter has been a friend of the CBI for some time. He was an extremely influential legislator for what, 20 years? 
 Walter : 26, but who's counting? Anyway, I'm old news now. The only thing I lobby for is a good tee time. 
 Jane : Why the interest in the poor Marley girl's case? 
 Walter : Interest? I liked her. Yeah, met her in Melinda's office. She was good people, came from a tough background— didn't let that stop her. I know how difficult it is to get straight answers from the people in that building there. If you have any problems, you just let me know. I can still knock heads. 
 Lisbon : Oh, we'll be fine. 
 Walter : Just let me know. Virgil. 
 Minelli : Walter. 
 Walter : Take care. 
 Minelli : Sir. I hate walks, Lisbon. I know they're healthy. I don't care. Put me in a chair, I'm a happy man. But when Walter Crew asked me to stroll with him down to the capitol, I say, "of course, Walter. You get my drift? 
 Lisbon : I do. 
 Minelli : Step carefully. I want daily reports. Oh, and, uh, how did the batson interview go? 
 Jane : Oh, that was very exciting. 
 Minelli : What did he do? 
 Lisbon : Nothing that can't be repaired. 
 Carmen : Teresa, nice of you to drop by. 
 Lisbon : I know I'm late. I'm sorry. 
 Carmen : "Late" is an interesting word in this context. You were supposed to be here... 42 minutes ago. 
 Lisbon : I know. The point is, I'm here now. We're supposed to talk, so let's talk. 
 Carmen : I have another patient scheduled in eight minutes. 
 Lisbon : I can talk fast. 
 Carmen : This is the third time you've been late. 
 Lisbon : What can I say? Lot of people getting killed. Can I get a coffee? 
 Carmen : Do you know why counseling is mandatory for CBI agents who've been involved in a shooting? 
 Lisbon : Because nobody would come if it was voluntary? 
 Carmen : And that's what it remains mandatory until I sign and file this form. See you next week. 
 Lisbon : This is unnecessary. I'm fine. I'm not traumatized. 
 Carmen : A man pointed a gun at you, a man who intended to kill you. 
 Lisbon : Fortunately, Jane shot him first. 
 Carmen : It doesn't matter. You went from thinking you were going to be killed to watching a man die— two of the most wrenching experiences we can have— and you went through them in seconds. You don't think that affected you? 
 Lisbon : No. 
 Carmen : You really want to keep seeing me, don't you? Next week, on time. 
 Lisbon : Fine. 
 Jane : There's a stain on the ceiling that looks like Elvis, but today, it looks more like a... Basset hound. 
 Cho : Someone call the media. It's a miracle. 
 Jane : Or maybe someone's moved my couch. Cho? Did you move my couch? 
 Cho : No. Why would i? 
 Jane : Excuse me? Did you move the couch? 
 Art : I had to, uh, change a light. Problem? 
 Jane : No, no, no. Can you help me move it back, please? I got a thing i... Thanks. Just up there. I think it's this way. Just a little. That's it. Let me just try to... Perfect. Thank you. Elvis is back. 
 Lisbon : Anything on the stepmom? 
 Rigsby : Her name's Charlotte Mcadoo. She called Kristin 11 times in the two days before she disappeared. 
 Lisbon : Any idea what that was about? 
 Rigsby : No, but her son Harlan had been picked up on a carJacking charge. He posted bail the day Kristin disappeared, claimed he had nothing to do with the carJacking, said he was with Kristin when it happened. 
 Lisbon : He used Kristin as his alibi? How bad's Harlan? 
 Rigsby : Well, mostly car theft, some assault. 
 Lisbon : What did Charlotte have to say about that? 
 Cho : She won't answer her phone, won't call back. We're heading out to talk to her. 
 Jane : Shouldn't we be looking for Kristin's lover? 
 Van Pelt : Who? Elliott Batson's alibi checked out, and there's no sign she was seeing someone else. We've checked. 
 Jane : Well, not enough. She was an immature romantic looking for escape and adventure. She was having an affair. 
 Lisbon : We searched her place thoroughly. She kept the affair well-hidden. 
 Jane : Well, of course. It's an adventure because it's a secret. But I expect she'll tell us who it was. 
 Lisbon : I'll bite. How? 
 Jane : Check this out. She was a collector. She kept sand from every beach she ever went to. She would have kept a memento of her lover, something small— I bet she kept it in a fancy jewelry box, the kind with a figurine on the lid. 
 Van Pelt : There was a fancy jewelry box like that in her bedroom— a ballerina. 
 Jane : Ballerina—she's the type. 
 Van Pelt : But we checked it. There's nothing in it but cheap jewelry. 
 Jane : Did you check in the secret compartment? 
 Van Pelt : The... 
 Jane : The secret compartment either on the bottom or one of the sides. They usually have one. 
 Lisbon : It's worth taking a look. 
 Van Pelt : Fine. 
 Lisbon : Forget about Bosco. 
 Jane : He's got something. 
 Lisbon : Yeah, he's got Red John, and we don't. 
 Jane : No. No, he's got something new on the case—new evidence. 
 Lisbon : How can you tell? 
 Jane : It's clear as can be. I'll be right back. 
 Lisbon : Jane, Red John belongs to Bosco now. I don't like it either, but you're gonna have to deal with it. 
 Jane : Do you want a coffee? I'm gonna bring you a coffee. 
 Bosco : I need copies of each of these sent over to division. What's he doing in there? 
 Rebecca : He said you told him to wait in there. 
 Bosco : We'll finish later. Get away from my desk. 
 Jane : Where'd you go? I've been here almost half an hour. 
 Bosco : And stop hacking my passcodes and stop hustling my people. It's not doing you any good, you know. 
 Jane : I don't know what you're talking about. What'd you get on Red John? 
 Bosco : And what makes you think I got anything? 
 Jane : The folder— you moved it when you saw me, protected it. It's the one thing you'd protect from me. It's the cover-up that gave you away. What is it? 
 Bosco : It's none of your business, so go. 
 Jane : You need to understand something. Red John doesn't make mistakes. He doesn't leave clues. If you have new evidence, it's because he wants you to have it. The question isn't "what does it mean?" it's "why did he give it to you?" 
 Bosco : That's deep. 
 Jane : Tell me what it is. I can help you. 
 Bosco : Have you ever seen a crack addict when they're begging for a hit? You got that same look in your eye that they get. 
 Jane : You've got me all figured out. Hey, Van Pelt. Did you get it? 
 Van Pelt : There's a secret compartment, just like you said. 
 Jane : And what was in it? 
 Van Pelt : Nothing. It's empty. 
 Jane : All right. 
 Bosco : Bad news, huh? 
 Jane : No, not at all. 
 Bosco : It's like you said—it's the cover-up that gave you away. You're an addict, Jane. You need help. 
 Jane : You're making a mistake. 
 Bosco : You can go. 
 Rigsby : So I got tickets to the Kings game tomorrow night. You want to go? 
 Cho : I'm going out. 
 Rigsby : Who with? 
 Cho : The niece of the shopkeeper we met on that Red John thing. 
 Rigsby : Oh, finally. It took you long enough. 
 Cho : 5-b? 
 Rigsby : Yeah. 
 Cho : Yeah, we talked on the phone. She's nice. We'll see how it goes. 
 Rigsby : Oh, I expect a full report. 
 Cho : In your dreams. 
 Rigsby : Hey, I got you that number. You owe me. 
 Cho : No. Charlotte Mcadoo? 
 Charlotte : Yeah. 
 Rigsby : We need to talk to you about your stepdaughter, Kristin Marley. You know that Kristin's dead, right, Charlotte? 
 Charlotte : What about it? 
 Cho : I guess you're pretty broken up. 
 Charlotte : She wasn't my kid. I'm not the huggy type. Sue me. 
 Cho : If you didn't like Kristin, why'd you make all those calls right before she disappeared? 
 Charlotte : Don't remember. 
 Rigsby : It was a week ago. 
 Charlotte : I'm old. My memory's bad. 
 Cho : Did it have something to do with your son Harlan? 
 Charlotte : What about Harlan? 
 Cho : He used Kristin as an alibi when he was arrested, but Kristin told Sacramento P. D. She hadn't seen harlan for months. Were you asking Kristin to change her story and lie an alibi for her stepbrother? 
 Charlotte : No, that's crazy. 
 Rigsby : Where is harlan? 
 Charlotte : I don't know. I haven't seen him for days. 
 Rigsby : Okay. Thanks for your time. 
 Charlotte : That's... That's it? 
 Cho : We'll see ourselves out. Thank you. You think Charlotte smokes filtered and unfiltered? 
 Rigsby : Not if she's got a visitor. Bathroom or closet? 
 Cho : Bathroom. 
 Rigsby : I think closet. You want to bet? 
 Cho : What do I get if I win? 
 Rigsby : I pay for lunch next week. I win, you tell me about your date. 
 Cho : That's enough time. 
 Rigsby : Hey, harlan. 
 Charlotte : Oh, crap. 
 Rigsby : Harlan, were you in the bathroom or the closet? 
 Harlan : Closet. Wh— 
 Rigsby : Told ya. 
 Cho : We didn't bet. 
 Rigsby : Yes, we did. 
 Harlan : No law against being in a closet. 
 Lisbon : No, Harlan, but it is kinda suspicious. 
 Harlan : You got no right to hold me. 
 Lisbon : We're just talking. 
 Harlan : All right, what do you want to talk about? 
 Cho : Kristin Marley— when did you see her last? 
 Harlan : What happened to her? 
 Cho : You tell us. 
 Harlan : I got nothing to say about her. 
 Cho : You must be mad that she didn't back your alibi on the carJacking charge, huh? 
 Harlan : First of all, that arrest was completely bogus. And "b, " that stuck-up bitch don't get what the word "family" means, so... 
 Cho : What is that? 
 Harlan : Family's supposed to help when you're down. But she gets a job in the capitol with some big money friends, and pow— she's too good for the people she grew up with. She don't get what the word "family" is all about, you know? 
 Lisbon : Didn't. She's dead. 
 Harlan : Yeah. That's too bad. 
 Lisbon : Did you have any contact with Kristin after you posted bail, Harlan? 
 Harlan : No. 
 Lisbon : None? 
 Harlan : That's what I said. 
 Lisbon : It's funny, 'cause our tech guys have been going through her cell phone. There's some deleted texts on it. Four of them were from you the day she disappeared. 
 Harlan : No. That's what you call a-a glitch—computer thing. 
 Cho : You were threatening Kristin to get her to lie for you, right? 
 Harlan : Didn't say that. 
 Cho : I could see why you'd do it. You're facing serious time. 
 Harlan : You arresting me? You got no right to hold me if you ain't. 
 Cho : You're not under arrest, but you are out on bail, and that can be revoked if the judge thinks you're not being cooperative. 
 Lisbon : Do you want a soda, Harlan? 
 Harlan : I want chips. 
 Lisbon : If he took Kristin's body to the bridge, he put her in his trunk. It's worth taking a look. I'll call the district attorney. 
 Cho : If Harlan hears we're looking at his car, he'll be out the door before the warrant comes through. 
 Lisbon : We're gonna make him want to stay. Van Pelt. You're taking over the mcadoo interview. 
 Van Pelt : I'm totally ready for that. I can get him to confess to this. 
 Lisbon : Yeah, maybe. The main thing is, you keep him in there long enough for us to search his car. Be friendly. He thinks he's a player. He'll eat it up. 
 Van Pelt : What do you mean, be friendly? 
 Lisbon : Need a map? Good luck. 
 Rigsby : I heard Bosco cleaned your clock this morning. 
 Jane : Oh, that's one interpretation. 
 Rigsby : I get it. It's tough to have Red John taken away like that. Bet you'd give a lot to know what they're saying in Bosco's office. 
 Jane : Yeah. Yeah, I would. 
 Rigsby : You gotta let it go, man. Forget about the jewelry box. You missed one. So what? 
 Jane : Actually, I didn't. I'm pursuing an independent line of investigation, gonna crack this case in 24 hours. 
 Rigsby : I think we might be ahead of you this time. 
 
 
 
 Van Pelt : Hi, Harlan. I'm agent Van Pelt. Special agent Lisbon asked me to take over the interview. 
 Harlan : Why? 
 Van Pelt : She's busy... With something else. So I've looked through your file, and it's, uh, it's very... 
 Harlan : What? 
 Van Pelt : Well... I don't think you had anything to do with this crime. 
 Harlan : Thank you. That's what I've been saying. 
 Van Pelt : It's just a big misunderstanding, I'm sure. 
 Harlan : Yeah. You got that right. 
 Van Pelt : But let's fill out the forms so everyone's happy, okay? Chips. So let's make a time line of everywhere you've been since Kristin disappeared. 
 Harlan : Okay. You want another? 
 Jane : These all pictures of your daughter? 
 Walter : Yes, they are. 
 Jane : Oh, it's surprising there's not more pictures of you, given your standing, that is. 
 Walter : What, me talking to a bunch of famous windbags? Had those, took 'em down. Waste of space. 
 Jane : Thank you. 
 Walter : No, my days are over. Melinda has got the future. She could go far, very far, if she listens to me. Now what did you want to talk about? 
 Jane : How long were you sleeping with Kristin Marley before she was killed? 
 Walter : What makes you think I was? 
 Jane : You're a politician— ambitious, narcissistic, addicted to the love of strangers. She was beautiful, impressionable, no doubt flattered by your attentions. And you're not the sort of man to deny yourself an object of desire. 
 Walter : I'm married 38 years, Mr. Jane. 
 Jane : As I said. 
 Walter : Uh, even if what you say is true— and I'm not saying it is— what does that have to do with poor Kristin's murder? 
 Jane : Blackmail or something like it. The business adultery leads to. 
 Walter : But even if I am what you say I am— and I'm not saying I am— wouldn't I have faced a situation like this before and handled it without killing anybody? 
 Jane : It's a good point. I'll think about that. 
 Walter : Please. Anything else? 
 Jane : What? Sorry? Well, whoever it is, I'll have the killer by the morning, so, uh, you should act accordingly. Thank you for your time. 
 Cho : You think harlan ever cleans out his car? 
 Rigsby : So where you taking the shopkeeper's niece for dinner? 
 Cho : I'd rather not talk about it. 
 Rigsby : Why not? 
 Cho : It's private. 
 Rigsby : Oh, come on. 
 Cho : Let's talk about somethin' else. 
 Rigsby : I'll call technical services. They can pop that lock in 20 seconds. 
 Cho : It'll take 'em 2 hours to get here. 
 Rigsby : It took you two hours to open the door last time you tried this, and we had to pay for the busted window. 
 Cho : Fluke. 
 Rigsby : If I had a date, I'd tell you about it. 
 Cho : Yeah. 
 Rigsby : I would, tell you anything you wanted to know. 
 Cho : Okay, you ever gonna man up and make a move on Van Pelt? 
 Rigsby : Fine. Don't tell me. 
 Cho : Right. 
 Rigsby : Check this out. Wasn't the other one of these on Kristin Marley's foot? 
 Cho : I'll call Lisbon. 
 Lisbon : Kristin's shoe was in your trunk. 
 Harlan : No. No way. 
 Lisbon : You want to tell us how it got there, Harlan? 
 Harlan : I don't know. Maybe you put it there, huh? 
 Lisbon : You have no alibi for the night of Kristin's disappearance. 
 Harlan : I told you. I was with my mom. 
 Lisbon : She was concealing you when we went to pick you up. It's not gonna cut it. 
 Van Pelt : You were mad at Kristin. 
 Harlan : A little, but— - 
 Van Pelt : You threatened her. 
 Harlan : No. Okay, I mean, a-a little, but come on. I-I wouldn't hurt her for real. 
 Lisbon : That's not much of a story, harlan. 
 Harlan : I thought you believed me. 
 Van Pelt : You were wrong. 
 Harlan : You know what? The hell with this. I'm outta here. 
 Lisbon : Not quite yet. 
 Harlan : Oh, you're gonna stop me? 
 Lisbon : Yeah. 
 Jane : Did you make the arrest? 
 Lisbon : I did. 
 Jane : Ah, victory is yours. 
 Lisbon : Yes, it is. What? 
 Jane : Oh, nothing. 
 Lisbon : Come on. 
 Jane : No. No. 
 Lisbon : I'm still waiting. 
 Jane : Throwing the body off the bridge was a smart move— good chance the coroner would declare it a suicide. Do you really think Harlan Mcadoo would come up with that? 
 Lisbon : Dumb people can come up with smart ideas, and smart people can come up with dumb ones. 
 Jane : Eh, true. I'll have the real killer here in 12 hours or so. 
 Lisbon : What are you talking about? 
 Jane : You'll see. Bye. 
 Lisbon : Jane. 
 Cho : Hey, boss, you want me to send mcadoo down to be arraigned? 
 Lisbon : Not yet. Sit on him. See if he comes up with something useful once he calms down. 
 Melinda : Obviously, you've got to get it out of committee before— Mr. Jane? 
 Jane : Don't mind me. 
 Melinda : What are you doing? 
 Jane : Hard at work, on the case. 
 Elliott : I don't understand. We got a call from agent Minelli saying that an arrest had been made—Kristin's stepbrother. 
 Jane : Nope, nope, nope. Wrong guy. 
 Elliott : How can that be? 
 Jane : Simple miscarriage of justice, happens all the time. 
 Melinda : What does that mean? 
 Jane : It means I have to find the real killer. 
 Melinda : The real killer? How? 
 Jane : Oh, Kristin was a collector. Ergo, the identity of Kristin's killer will be in her things. 
 Elliott : How can you be sure it's there? 
 Jane : Oh, I'm sure. 
 Melinda : Mr. Jane, this isn't acceptable. First you accost my father— 
 Jane : oh, I wouldn't use the word "accost." 
 Melinda : Now you're ransacking my office. 
 Elliott : Calm down, Melinda. 
 Melinda : I won't calm down. I thought we put this behind us. 
 Jane : Not much of a campaign slogan— "Batson—so tough on crime, she puts the innocent behind bars." 
 Elliott : Do what you have to do. Uh, we'll help in any way we can. 
 Jane : Great. Thank you. There's a couple of boxes right there, if you could just, uh, grab one each and follow me to my car. 
 Minelli : Lisbon, didn't you arrest mcadoo? 
 Lisbon : Yeah, we did. 
 Minelli : D.A.Says you haven't sent him down to be arraigned. 
 Lisbon : We have 48 hours to do that. We still have some loose ends. 
 Minelli : What—what loose ends? Him? 
 Lisbon : No. 
 Minelli : What are you doing? No, don't tell me. I want this off my desk. Get Mcadoo to the D.A. Tonight. 
 Jane : How hard is Crew leaning on you? 
 Minelli : He's not. 
 Jane : Then who's doing it for him? 
 Minelli : No one. 
 Lisbon : Is this my case, sir? 
 Minelli : Yes, but— 
 Lisbon : Then it's my decision as to when the suspect is handed over to the district attorney, right? 
 Minelli : If Mcadoo isn't in the D.A.'s office first thing tomorrow morning, this becomes a different conversation. 
 Jane : You won't regret this. 
 Lisbon : I already do. 
 Lisbon : Hey, this is Lisbon. Leave a message. I'll call you back. 
 Jane : I found what I was looking for. I don't want to risk taking it out of the office, so I'm gonna put it in the top right-hand drawer of your desk. When you get this, call me. 
 "Ah Ha" 
 Janitor : You—you startled me. I'll... I'll just get out of your way. 
 Lisbon : Stand still. Turn around. 
 Art : What is this? 
 Lisbon : Who are you and who are you working for? 
 Art : I work for the building. I clean. I clean. 
 Jane : Oh, you're not a cleaner. Look at this place. It's a mess. You're the fixer. You've been listening in on our conversations. What's that? That's one of the bugs you placed. I found it in the overhead light. When I told Van Pelt to go and check out the jewelry box, you overheard and you went there first. And it was you that placed the shoe in mcadoo's trunk. 
 Art : I'm on the cleaning crew. 
 Jane : Oh, really? 
 Art : I'm new. You can call my supervisor. Marty, uh, Marty, uh, Toretta, huh? Call him up right now. 
 Jane : No. 
 Art : Wake him up. I got no idea what you're talking about here. 
 Lisbon : We're talking about accessory to murder, conspiracy, obstruction. Who hired you? 
 Art : Murder? Oh, i-i don't feel too good. Can I sit—can i— - 
 Jane : Oh, take a seat. 
 Art : Thanks. All right. No, no, no. Calm. Are you calm? 
 Jane : Sure. 
 Art : All right, now I want you to lift your gun out with two fingers and slide it across the floor. Now get your cuffs. 
 Lisbon : This isn't gonna work. 
 Art : The door— hook yourself up. Toss the keys. Now you and I are gonna walk out here. 
 Jane : Sure. It's a little stroll. 
 Lisbon : Find out where he goes. 
 Jane : Oh, no, I think— 
 Lisbon : Go, now! Go! Keys, please. There. Yeah. 
 Melinda : so, agent Lisbon, here we are. What's this about? 
 Lisbon : This is Art Cavalleri. He's the private investigator one of you hired to wiretap and obstruct our investigation. 
 Walter : Really? 
 Lisbon : He's agreed to talk in exchange for leniency. I called you down here to offer you the same deal. 
 Walter : Well, that's very nice of you. You can discuss it with my attorney. Melinda? 
 Melinda : I have nothing to say. 
 Lisbon : Even if you had nothing to do with Kristin Marley's murder, with what cavalleri is saying about the conspiracy and the cover-up, you're all gonna do a lot of time in prison. 
 Walter : I don't need to hear any more. 
 Elliott : W-wait. I-I do. What kind of leniency are we talking about here? 
 Melinda : Elliott. 
 Lison : Depends, mr. Batson. What do you know? 
 Elliott : I need an assurance that any charges related to the murder will be dropped. Got it, as long as you didn't have anything to do with the murder. 
 Walter : If you'll excuse us, I want some private time with my family right now. 
 Lisbon : Mr. Crew, stay there. Go on. 
 Jane : Oh, come on. Spit it out, man. The marriage is a sham. She's gay. You're the beard. It was kind of obvious from the start. 
 Elliott : I had an arrangement with Melinda. 
 Walter : Elliott, don't. 
 Elliot : I agreed to marry Melinda in exchange for... Certain financial considerations. 
 Walter : Batson, we had a deal. 
 Jane : Did that deal include time in prison? I don't think so. So it was your own people that started the rumor about you and Kristin— to hide her affair with Melinda. 
 Elliott : Yes. I'm sorry, Melinda. Kristin broke it off shortly before she disappeared. Melinda was upset. 
 Lisbon : And were you with Melinda the night Kristin disappeared? 
 Elliott : No. I didn't see her until late that night. She was... A mess. But she wouldn't tell me what had happened. 
 Lisbon : Kristin had something hidden in her apartment— a memento, I guess. 
 Jane : Lovers' memento. 
 Lisbon : Cavalleri had found it, but we took it out of his car. It could be a "W, " but I think it's an "M." You and your father were both having an affair with Kristin. 
 Melinda : No. No. I— 
 Walter : Melinda. 
 Melinda : I had a relationship with Kristin. He seduced her... Took her... The way he's taken women his whole life. 
 Walter : I was trying to make a point. 
 Melinda : You were what? 
 Walter : I was trying to show you— 
 Melinda : what? 
 Jane : She was just another girl, that she was just another trashy little girl. You thought you were in love, but she was just having a fling. He believed that you were giving away a very bright political career because of some strumpet. 
 Lisbon : What happened that night? Melinda, every day you don't talk is another day you're on the news. 
 Melinda : I knew Kristin was seeing someone, but I didn't know who it was. So I followed her... And that's when I saw my father. After he left, I went into her apartment. She had these stone bookends. I grabbed one. Next thing I knew, Kristin was on the floor. It just... Happened. And then I did what I always do when I'm in trouble. I called daddy. He said he knew someone who could fix it. 
 Jane : Ah, the fixer. You can let cavalleri go now. Watch. 
 Melinda : Oh, my god. He's dead. 
 Jane : Yeah. 
 Minelli : You abused a corpse to get a confession. 
 Jane : Used. Used a corpse. There's no "ab." 
 Minelli : I'm appalled. I'm... I don't know what to say. 
 Lisbon : Sir, it's not like we killed him. His neck was broken in the crash. 
 Jane : We got a confession. 
 Minelli : Suppose you didn't. Suppose you'd been wrong. Have you any idea of the vastness of the crap storm that would follow? It would blot out the sun. 
 Lisbon : Sir, Crew and Batson manipulated us into arresting the wrong person. They bugged our offices and subverted our case. I don't think we did anything wrong. I think we should be commended. 
 Minelli : Congratulations. You finally got her to drink the kool-aid. Check yourself, agent. All of you. 
 Jane : Well, I thought that went pretty well. 
 Lisbon : Great, yeah. 
 Jane : Highlight for me was definitely your speech— passionate, articulate, strong. 
 Lisbon : Whatever. 
 Rigsby : Hey, good work with Mcadoo you know, keeping him here. 
 Van Pelt : Yeah. You know, if boss had given me a chance, I think I could have gotten him to confess. 
 Rigsby : Sure, if he wasn't, you know, innocent. If it wasn't for that small fact, I'm sure you'd have taken him to town. 
 Van Pelt : Thanks. 
 Rigsby : You have any plans for tonight? 
 Van Pelt : Home, TV. 
 Rigsby : Well... Have fun. 
 Van Pelt : You, too. 
 Cho : You're gonna die alone. 
 Rebecca : Sir? 
 Jane : Morning. 
 Rebecca : Yeah. Sir, you can't go in there. 
 Jane : No, it's okay. I come in peace. great color on you. 
 Bosco : Go away. 
 Jane : Just give me a minute, please. I-I want you, and I want your team to know that I got it. I got the message. I got it. The Red John case... Belongs to you. 
 Bosco : You're gonna leave us alone? 
 Jane : Yeah, that's right. 
 Bosco : I don't believe that. 
 Jane : I brought you doughnuts— the international law enforcement symbol of friendship. I am trusting you to catch Red John. I'm counting on it. 
 Bosco : We will catch him. Thanks. 
 Jane : Good hunting. 
 Bosco : Hicks, take that away. Take it far away. Take it out of the building. God know what he put in there. 
 Hicks : You got it. 
 Bosco : All right, let's go over the most recent forensics. There are two short, linear incised wounds that are extremely superficial. They involve the anterior surface of the right wrist, which measures 0. 8 inches. Okay, you got it. Don't tell the locals what it's for. 
 Policeman : Yeah, no worries. Just say you're following up on something. 
 Bosco : I want to keep this on the down low for now. Now what else did you get from handwriting analysis? 
 Policeman : We've had two guys look at it— one local, one from d. C., and of course they agree on pretty much nothing. Figures. 
 Bosco : What did the D. C. Guy say? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 