Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x23 - Red John's Footsteps - The Mentalist 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x23 - Red John's Footsteps https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13667 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/24/09 15:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x23 - Red John's Footsteps 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Cho and Rigsby at a crime scene in a state park. 
 Rigsby : Any place. The suspect could leave the body any place, but he dumped it on the only state land within a hundred miles of here making it ours. Great. 
 Cho : Why is that a bad thing? 
 Rigsby : Oh, come on! You saw the body. 
 Cho : It's a coincidence. 
 Rigsby : Nah. If Jane taught me one thing it's... 
 Lisbon, Jane and Van Pelt walk up. 
 Lisbon : Hi. What have we got? 
 Cho : The victim's name is Emma Plaskett. Nineteen. Local girl. First responder knew her from high school. Lives at home with her parents. Has an older brother and a twin sister Maya who went missing at the same time. 
 Rigsby : Their car was found abandoned last night on the roadside 10 miles north of here. 
 Lisbon : Who's co-ordinating the local search? 
 Rigsby : Sheriff Hardy here is in charge. 
 Hardy : Ted Hardy. Good to meet you. 
 Lisbon : Lisbon. That's Jane, this is Van Pelt. 
 Hardy : Well we called in all our people. Our sole priority is finding the missing twin sister. 
 A policeman shows Jane the body. 
 Jane : Lisbon! Look. 
 Lisbon : Oh, damn. 
 Jane : Yeah. 
 Lisbon : Nah, it's a coincidence. 
 Cho : That's what I said. 
 Jane : No, no such thing as a coincidence. Not with him. 
 Hardy : What are you all talking about? Who's him? 
 Van Pelt : Red John. He's a serial killer. This is his style of cutting. 
 Jane : Look at the toenails. 
 Lisbon : Yeah, I see them. 
 Jane : Painted in her own blood, just like my wife. This is Red John and he wants to make sure I was on this case. 
 Lisbon : It's strange, I'll give you that. But you're jumping to conclusions. Okay, there's no way we can know for sure... 
 She's distracted by the sound of a plane in the sky. She looks up. 
 Hardy : What the hell? 
 The plane is drawing a smiley face in the sky. 
 Lisbon : Oh, my god. 
 Everyone looks up at the sky. Lisbon looks at Jane, concerned. 
 Plaskett Residence, San Angelo, CA. Hardy, Lisbon and Jane approach. Hardy : This nicotine gum is like chewing on a tyre. Lisbon : What do we know about the family? Hardy : Old money. Mr Plaskett's an architect. Mom's a sculptor. There've been Plasketts in this county since before there was a county, which means something to people around here. Been here 10 years and I'm still the new guy. Knocks on the door. Mr & Mrs Plaskett answer. Mrs Plaskett : Have you found Maya? Is she all right? Where is she? Lisbon : We don't know as of yet, but every effort is being... Mrs Plaskett : Where is she? Mr Plaskett : They don't know where she is. You have to let them do their job. Jane : Can we take a look at your girls' bedrooms? Mr Plaskett : Yes, of course. Jane : Thank you. Hardy : Come on, Mrs Plaskett. Mr Plaskett shows Jane and Lisbon into the girls' room. Mr Plaskett : Here it is. We, uh, we tried having them sleep in separate bedrooms, but it never took. They prefer being together.  [To Lisbon]  In your professional judgement, do you think that Maya is dead also? Jane : Yes. Lisbon   [glares at Jane] : We keep an open mind. We're assuming that she's alive. There's always hope. Jane : Not much. Mr Plaskett : I see.  [To Jane]  Well, thank you for your candour. Lisbon : Mr Plaskett. Perhaps your wife needs you to be with her right now. Mr Plaskett : Yes, of course. He leaves. Jane and Lisbon look around the room. Lisbon : Why so cruel? Jane : Statistically it's dad that did it. Lisbon : Since when do you care about statistics? Jane : Just wanted to raise his pulse a little. Lisbon : Hold on. This is a Red John case. The cutting style, the painted toenails, the skywriting. You put it all together, it's hard to dismiss. Jane : Yeah, it's Red John all right. But someone else is involved, else why would he change his M.O. so radically? Skywriting? Lisbon : He wanted to make sure that the CBI, that you would be put on this case. He's obviously trying to lure you into some kind of trap. Jane : Well, that's part of it. But why take them from a car, instead of catching them at home alone like he's always done before? And why two victims at once, twins? Why break pattern? Lisbon : He's broken pattern once before. Jane : Yes, because it was personal. He wanted to punish me. I don't think these girls are random targets. I think there's something personal behind this. Red John either knows them, or knows someone close to them. Fogarty Skywriting, San Angelo, CA. Van Pelt approaches a pilot. Van Pelt : Hey. CBI. Pilot : Hey. Van Pelt : Are you the pilot that drew that face over San Angelo two hours ago? Pilot : That was me. How'd it look? Clean? Good and round? Van Pelt : Why'd you do that? Draw the face? Pilot : I got an internet order from some company up in San Francisco. RJ Solutions, Inc., I think they were called. Van Pelt : RJ? Pilot : Yeah. They paid the full 1250 up front by cash transfer. So what's this about? Van Pelt : Do you have an address for RJ? Pilot : Yes, Ma'am, I do. In my office. Van Pelt : Okay. Jane, Lisbon and Hardy are with Mr and Mrs Plaskett in their living room. Jane : Is the brother... Mr Plaskett : He's on his way down. He lives up in Parkersville. Jane : Boyfriends? Mr Plaskett : They had boyfriends, but nobody serious. Lisbon : Anyone at the moment? Mr Plaskett hesitates. Lisbon glances at Jane. Mr Plaskett : No, nobody right now. No, it can often be hard for boys to have a chance. They're such a strong couple. Jane : But still very different characters. Mrs Plaskett : Yes. If you know them well. Jane : Emma darker, moodier, the risk-taker. And Maya, she's a happier soul, more cautious, more conservative. Mrs Plaskett : Yes. Mr Plaskett : How do you know that about them? Jane : Well, I tell you that only so you will know that there isn't any point in lying to us. Mr Plaskett : Why? Why would we lie to you? Jane : Arden, do you always follow your husband's lead? Do you never struggle against his desire to control? Mr Plaskett : Excuse me? Jane : Just because you drink too much, doesn't mean you don't have a say. I mean, I should think he's at least half the reason you drink in the first place. Yeah? A good man, but cold, pious. Mr Plaskett : You know, possession of that badge does not excuse you from acting with normal human decency. Mrs Plaskett : Quiet, Noah! Just be quiet.  [Turning to Lisbon]  We've been ashamed to talk about this  [Lisbon and Jane exchange a glance] , but for a few months our girls have been mixed up with drugs and the low sort of people that come along with that. Drake, our son, heard that Emma was romantically involved with a dubious character. She denied it totally, so we don't really know for sure, but... Mr Plaskett : Exactly, we do not know for sure. Lisbon : Do you know his name? Mrs Plaskett : Mace Gutherie. Hardy : I know Gutherie. Small-time thief. Hardy, Lisbon, Jane and Deputy Duke approach Gutherie's home. Hardy : Here it is. This is Gutherie's place. Nice, isn't it? ( To Jane ) You carry a gun? Jane : No. Never. Hardy : You hang back a tad, huh? Jane : Oh, yeah, sure. Hardy : Duke.  [He gestures where he wants Duke, then turns to Lisbon.]  All right, we're going to do this nice and easy. Lisbon : Okay. Jane hides round a corner. Duke and Lisbon wait with their hands on their guns. Hardy knocks on the door. Hardy : Gutherie. Come on, Gutherie, open up. Gutherie. Hardy opens the door slowly, but slams it closed again as a big dog goes for him, barking loudly. It jumps against the closed door. Jane ducks, even though he's far away. The others just look at each other. Duke turns to find Gutherie jumping out a side window. Duke : Gutherie, freeze! Gutherie hits Duke with a plank and runs off. Lisbon and Hardy arrive too late to catch him. Hardy : You okay, Duke? Duke : I'm okay. Hardy : Shake it off, big guy. Jane : That's a very loyal dog. Post Office. Cho and Rigsby talk to the owner. Cho : Your store is listed as the mailing address for RJ Solutions Incorporated. Lady : Yes. Okay? Rigsby : Suite 121. Lady : Sure. Right here.  [Points at a post box.]  Rigsby : Uh, no ma'am. A suite is like a room or an office. Lady : A suite is a box. You a small company, you look big. Cho : Okay. We need to open box 121 and we need all the information you have on who rented it. Lady : No problem. You have a warrant? Cho : Ma'am, this is a murder investigation. Rigsby : We can get a warrant, but it takes time and time is of the essence here. Lady : No problem. Go get a warrant and I'll be here, following the law.  [To Cho]  You have a wife? Cho : No. Lady : I have a niece. Cho : Thanks, that's okay.  [Rigsby gives a huge grin.] Lady : When you come back, I show you a picture. Very pretty. Rigsby   [looking very amused] : Thank you. Hardy, Lisbon and Jane sit in Hardy's car, outside Gutherie's house. Hardy   [into his walkie-talkie] : Okay, open it up. Duke   [into his walkie-talkie] : You got it. Duke approaches Gutherie's house cautiously, stick in hand. Hardy   [off-screen through walkie-talkie] : Be careful now, Duke. Duke opens the door and the barking dog runs out and takes off down the road. Hardy drives after him. They follow him to a big chain-link fence and get out of the car. The dog keeps barking. Hardy : Shhhh. Hey, Buddy. Easy boy. Easy Boy. You got something? Hardy opens the gate and the dog runs through. They follow him to a shack with a closed door. The dog scratches frantically at it. Hardy and Lisbon draw their guns and Hardy opens the door. The dog runs in to Gutherie, who is hiding inside. Hardy : Hands up. Gutherie  [to his dog] : Okay, okay, okay, okay. Jane steps in front of Lisbon's gun. She rolls her eyes and puts her gun away. Jane :  [To the dog]  Oh, who's a good boy?  [To Gutherie, grinning]  That's a good dog! Jane and Gutherie are in an interrogation room. Jane raises the blind on the one-way glass and starts to roll up his sleeves. Gutherie : What? Jane : Emma and Maya Plaskett. Gutherie : What about them? Jane : You didn't hear? Gutherie : What? Jane : Emma was found horribly murdered this morning and Maya is missing. Gutherie : Oh, my god. Jane : Were you having a sexual relationship with either of them? Gutherie : No. Jane : Really? Gutherie : No! Never! I maybe hung out with them a couple of time, that's it. Jane : Mace. I see you care for both of them and I can see that you're lying to me. That's a bad idea. Gutherie : I got nothing to do with this. Jane   [leaning forward with an intense expression] : Please understand something. I have a very deep personal interest in this case. I'll do whatever it takes. I will have you framed for murder, I will torture you, I will kill you myself, if I have to. Whatever it takes. Gutherie looks down and Jane shrugs at the glass. Minelli and Lisbon are on the other side. Minelli : Jeez, Lisbon, come on! This is on tape! Control your man there. Lisbon : Cut him some slack. Look, he's just playing the guy. He doesn't mean it. Minelli : Doesn't he? You know what Red John does to him. He can't think straight. He would do all that he said and more, if you let him. Lisbon : I won't let him. Gutherie starts to talk, so they turn back to the glass. Gutherie : Emma and me had a thing. She, uh, I don't know what she saw in me, but she liked me, you know? Both of those girls had a way about 'em. They'd look at you like they really see you. Jane : Yeah. Gutherie : So me and Emma had been hooking up for about a month, then I get a phone call from some guy that I don't know saying stay away from her, or else. And he hangs up before I can tell him to eat it. Jane : Can you describe his voice? Gutherie : Uh, soft, quiet. Jane : Did you do what he said? Gutherie : No, of course not. I kept seeing her. And then I wake up one morning a couple of weeks later and there's a pig's head lying next to me. I lock and bolt my doors every night. There's no ways somebody gets in there, but they did. It's mental, right? The thing is, me and Emma were on the down low. Nobody knew, she insisted on that. So how did he know? He must have been spying on her real close. How did you people know? Jane looks at the glass where Lisbon is. Then he picks up his Jacket, ruffles Gutherie's hair and leaves the room. We see Lisbon's car driving through the countryside.  We see Mrs Plaskett sitting near her front door, drinking. Her son, Drake, answers a knock at the door. It's Jane and Lisbon. Drake : Good morning. Jane : Morning. Drake : I'm Drake Plaskett. I'm Maya and Emma's brother.  [Shakes hands with Lisbon, then Jane.] Lisbon : Agent Lisbon. This is Jane. Jane : Patrick Jane. Mrs Plaskett : Have you found Maya? Lisbon : No, ma'am. But I can assure you we're continuing the search with every available resource. Mrs Plaskett : Please come in. Where have you been looking for her? Lisbon : I wouldn't know that, ma'am. To clarify, the CBI conducts the investigative aspects. Sheriff Hardy is very ably investigating the physical search. Drake : Sheriff Hardy will call if he has news, Mom. How can we help you, Agent Lisbon? Lisbon : You told us it was Drake who told you about Gutherie. Mr Plaskett : Yes. Lisbon : How'd you know about him? Drake : Uh, about a month ago I'd say, I was staying the weekend and I overheard the girls talking. Emma telling Maya that this Gutherie character was dangerous and she should be careful. Naturally I was very concerned and I told my parents. Mr Plaskett : And then we decided to confront Emma about it. Lisbon : I see. If you could sit down with us, Drake, and give us a statement, it would be really helpful. Drake : Of course. Anything you need. Lisbon and Drake go into another room. Mr and Mrs Plaskett look at each other. Jane : I'm just going to take another look at the girls' room, if I may? Mrs Plaskett : Of course. Mr Plaskett : Sure. Jane looks around the girls' room and discovers a camera hidden in the curtains. Jane : Lisbon! Lisbon!  [Lisbon runs in, followed by the Plasketts.]  Camera-microphone transmitter. Mr Plaskett : Someone was spying on our daughters? Jane : Yeah. Lisbon : Who had access to this room? Mrs Plaskett : Nobody. Just us and Jean, the housekeeper. Lisbon : Nobody else? Mr Plaskett : No, nobody. Jane : Drake, how's your electronic skills? Drake : Are you accusing  me  of this? Jane : Let's be fair here, you're the likeliest suspect. You can see that. Lisbon : You did say that you overheard an intimate, private conversation between the two of them. Drake : No, they're my little sisters. I love them. Jane : No-one's doubting that. Lisbon : Where were you the night before last? Drake : At home. Alone. Mr Plaskett : No, wait. Wait. There was a break-in. Eight months ago. Mrs Plaskett : That's right. Mr Plaskett : They broke the kitchen door to get in. They took some cash, some liquor, broke a few vases. We just assumed it was teenagers on a spree. Lisbon : That'd be a good cover. Did you report it to the police? Mr Plaskett : Yes we did. The sheriff will confirm it. 
 
 Lisbon's phone rings. Lisbon : Excuse me.  [She answers.]  Hey. Yeah. Rigsby is on the other end of the call. He and Cho are back with the lady at the post office. Rigsby is pulling on latex gloves as he talks to Lisbon on his phone. Rigsby : We got the warrant and we're about to open the mailbox. Jane said he wanted to be on the line when we opened it. Yeah, okay.  [Indicates to Cho that it will take a minute.]  One minute. Lady   [hands Cho a photo] : My niece. Beautiful, like a movie star, but well-behaved. Cho : Yeah, she's attractive. Rigsby   [peers over Cho's shoulder at the photo] : Oh, yeah. Go for it, man. Cho : I'm not looking to get married right now ma'am. Thank you, though.  [Gives her back the photo.] Rigsby   [into the phone] : Yeah, I'm still here. Uh-huh.  [To the lady]  You ready, ma'am?  [He ducks behind Cho and mouths silently to the Lady "I'll give you his number", with a wink and a thumbs up.]  Uh, yeah, open up. Okay. Ah, there's an envelope. It's type-written. Post-marked Hattiesburg 28th December. It's addressed to a Roy Tagliaferro.  [Opens the envelope and reads the letter.]  'Dear Roy. I found this address on a business card of yours that I discovered down the back of the sofa. And so I write to you today in the faint hope that this letter may find you. If it does,... ' Switch to Jane reading to Lisbon as she drives. Jane : '...and you are reading this, I just want to say that I still love you very much despite the very cruel way you treated me, and I hope you will come back to me one day. With all my heart, Rosalind.' It's him. I know it. I know it. This Roy Tagliaferro is Red John. Lisbon : We don't know that. Jane : Well, we know Red John killed Emma, so we can assume that Red John hired the skywriter. The skywriter was given the order by RJ Solutions. RJ Solutions is Roy Tagliaferro. Hence Roy Tagliaferro is Red John. Lisbon : Maybe. Jane : This woman Rosalind has seen Red John. Lisbon, she, she knows Red John. This is him. Jane and Lisbon walk towards Rosalind's house. The sound of a piano can be heard. Jane : Are you sure this is the right Rosalind? Lisbon : There's only two Rosalinds in the Hattiesburg phonebook. The other one is 73 and married. Lisbon knocks on Rosalind's door. She opens it. Lisbon : Rosalind Harker? Roslind : Yes. Lisbon gets out her badge and shows it to Rosalind. Lisbon : We're with the California Bureau of Investigation. May we come in? Rosalind : Would you show me some ID, please? Jane looks dismayed as he realises that she is blind. Lisbon hands Rosalind her badge so she can feel it. Rosalind : Roy Tagliaferro. What are you investigating? Lisbon : We're with the homicide and serious crimes unit. What can you tell us about Roy? Rosalind : Not a thing until you tell me why you want to know. Jane : We believe he could be a serial murderer named Red John. Rosalind : No. That's absurd. Lisbon : May we come in? Rosalind : No. Jane : No, ma'am, we're not leaving. She tries to close the door but Jane pushes his way in. He and Lisbon follow Rosalind into the house. Rosalind : You don't know him. Lisbon : Ma'am. Miss Harker. Rosalind : I'm not listening. I don't hear you. She heads off up the stairs and into her bedroom. Lisbon : Ma'am. Miss Harker. Jane : Rosalind. Rosalind : Go away. Jane : I can't do that.  [He stands on the other side of her bedroom door. Lisbon waits at the top of the stairs.]  There is a girl missing. Her name is Maya. She's nineteen. Her sister has already been killed by Red John. We don't know, but he might have her captive somewhere. This man, Red John, killed my wife and child. That's why I'm here, Rosalind. That's why I can't leave. Rosalind opens her door. Rosalind : I'm sorry. That's terrible. Jane goes into her room and closes the door. He looks around and suddenly sees a smiley face on the wall above Rosalind's bed (not painted in blood). Rosalind : I'm blind, but I'm not blind. I'm a good judge of human nature. I have to be. I know Roy very well. I know him intimately and I'm sure, as sure as this ground beneath my feet, I know that Roy is a good man Jane : I believe you. Uh, I'm sorry.  [He can't take his eyes off the smiley face.]  Rosalind : That's okay. We all make mistakes, god knows. Jane : Maybe this Red John is just using Roy's identity somehow. If we could find Roy, maybe he could help us find Red John. Downstairs, Rosalind is pouring tea for Lisbon and Jane. She gives the first cup to Jane and he gives it to Lisbon. She hands the next one to Lisbon, who quietly gives it to Jane. Rosalind : Roy came to my door one day when his car had broken down up the road. He had to use the telephone, so I made him some lemonade. We got talking about classical music, and he didn't leave for 2 days. Lisbon : You two were lovers. Rosalind : Yes. Lisbon : That's very brave of you. Rosalind : I have to be. Lisbon : How long were you together? Rosalind : Roy was in my life for about 5 months. He would come and go as he pleased. He said he was doing business in the area. Lisbon : What kind of business? Rosalind : He didn't say. Jane : You didn't ask? You weren't curious? Rosalind : No. I didn't care. I don't live in your world. I live here. I was glad when he came, sad when he left. Jane : You said in your letter that he was cruel to you. Rosalind : Very cruel. He left and just never came back. He never said goodbye, why he was leaving or where he was going. Just vanished. It's been nearly six months now. Jane : Can you describe him? Rosalind : Just under 6 feet tall; not muscular, but not soft either; short, straight hair; a gentle voice; rough, strong hands; he smelt of pine and nails and earth; and he liked to listen to me play the piano. Jane : What was his favourite music? Rosalind : Bach. He admired his rigour. Lisbon : Didn't anybody see him? The mailman? A cleaning lady? Rosalind : No. I lead a fairly solitary life. Lisbon : Did he ever mention any friends? People from work? Rosalind : No. He did bring a friend of his over once, though. For Thanksgiving. Dumar. Lisbon : Dumar. Any other name? Rosalind : Just Dumar. Couldn't believe a blind woman could cook. Came over especially to see. Lisbon : Can you recall anything else about him? Rosalind : He smoked a lot. He said he was trying to quit but he smoked so much he had to run out to the store to buy more cigarettes. When he came back he had bought a stuffed toy elephant as a gift for me. That was a good day. Roy came a couple more times after that, and then that was it. Gone. Lisbon : Do you still have it? The stuffed elephant? Rosalind : Yes, I do.  [She gestures to it.] Night. Minelli, Lisbon, Cho, Rigsby and Van Pelt are at CBI headquarters. Minelli is holding the stuffed elephant. Minelli : First thing in the morning check on all the convenience stores in that area. It was a few months ago, but it's possible someone will remember selling the elephant and the cigarettes together. It was Thanksgiving. He throws the elephant to Cho. Cho : Yes, sir. Rigsby : You got it, chief. Lisbon : And don't lose the elephant. She wants it back. Cho : All right. Rigsby : You know, it's ironic that she was blind. Cho : How is that ironic? Rigsby : Whatever. It's messed up. You know, it would be funny... if it wasn't not funny, I mean. Cho and Rigsby leave. Minelli : Any luck on this end? Van Pelt : Nope. There's nobody named Roy Tagliaferro anywhere in the database. It must be an alias. Minelli : Try the name in English. Tagliaferro means cut iron. Van Pelt : Thank you, sir. That's a good idea. Minelli : Yes, it is. Night. Rosalind's house. She's playing Bach on the piano and Jane is listening to her. Morning. CBI Headquarters. Van Pelt comes in, checks her computer and picks up the phone. Van Pelt : Boss. I think I found something. Overnight I set up and ran a code script to search the probate courts' realties transaction records. I got a hit on the name Cut Iron. Lisbon is by her car outside Rosalind's house. Hardy drives up. Jane comes from the house. Lisbon  [on the phone] : Okay, thanks Van Pelt.  [She hangs up.]  Hardy : Well? Lisbon : We've a good lead. Eight months ago around the time Tagliaferro showed up, an old farm property was bought called Sparrows Peak, and it was bought by Cut Iron Properties Trust. Jane : Let's go. Lisbon : Wait, there's more. The company credit card in the same name was used to purchase a large truckload of construction supplies. Jane : Nails, earth, pine. He's building something.  [He starts to walk to Lisbon's car.] Lisbon : Slow down. We need to find a judge who can give us a search warrant. Hardy : Sure thing. Judge Felton in Eckerfield would be the quickest. Jane : Nah, we don't have time for that. Lisbon : No choice. Look, no warrant, no case. We could catch Red John and he could walk. Jane : If we catch Red John, he's not walking anywhere. He's mine. Lisbon : Don't talk like that. I can't let you anywhere near this case if you start talking crazy like that. Jane : Crazy! You're crazy if you think you're going to stop me. Red John is mine. You try to stand in my way and you... you will regret it. Lisbon : Are you threatening me? Jane : No, I'm just saying that if you stand in my way, you... Lisbon : I've had it with your egotistical crap. This isn't about justice or the law, this is about you and your wounded pride. I'm done with it.  [She starts to walk away, then turns to Hardy.]  Eckerfield, Judge Felton, right? Hardy : Yes, ma'am. Lisbon   [gestures at Jane] : If he does anything wrong, if he jaywalks... shoot him! Lisbon gets in her car and drives away. Hardy : Wow. Steamed up. Jane : Nah. Let's go. Hardy : Hold on. I don't know about that. Jane : What if Maya is waiting out there for someone to help her? What if she dies while we're standing here doing nothing? Hardy : All right. Let's do it. Cho and Rigsby pull up outside a store. Cho picks up the stuffed elephant as they get out of the car. Rigsby : What's this, store number 10? Cho : Eleven. Rigsby : Ahh. What a waste of time. Cho : It's worth trying. They approach the store owner, who immediately notices the elephant. Cho : Excuse me, sir, do you have... Man : Sorry, no returns. Rigsby : Excuse me? Man : You buy the elephant, you keep the elephant. Rigsby : You sold this elephant? Man : Yeah, last year. It's a good item. Comes in elephants, bears, rodents. 9.95. Cho : Last Thanksgiving, do you recall a customer buying this elephant and some cigarettes? Man : No. How would I do that? Am I an elephant? You can look at the surveillance tape if you like. Cho : You have the tape from 5 months ago? Man : Yeah. Rigsby : Yeah, we'd love to see the tape. Yeah. Man : My son's a big techno nerd. We've got state of the art cameras on a nine month loop. They follow him into the store. Jane and Hardy stop on a dirt road. They get out. Hardy : 7645 Sparrow Peak. This is the place. Jane : Let's go. Hardy : Okay. He cocks his shotgun and follows Jane, who is climbing through the wooden gate. They set off down a dirt driveway towards a derelict farmhouse. Rigsby and Cho are running through the store's security tape for 27 November 2008. Cho : There we go. Thanksgiving afternoon. All right, where's this elephant? Rigsby : There! Put it back. Cho : I see it.  [He reaches for his phone.]  Rigsby : That... oh, my god. That's Sheriff Hardy. Dumar is Sheriff Hardy. Hardy and Jane enter the farmhouse. We see the POV of someone watching from behind a tree near the house as they go in. Jane tries a door handle, but the door is locked. We see someone moving inside the locked room, and we see a teacup from Rosalind's tea-set. Hardy : Jane, look at this. Jane is distracted from the locked room and follows Hardy to a hatch in the floor. Hardy opens it and they peer down. Cho and Rigsby are both on their phones as they leave the store. Cho : Answer the damn phone.  [It just rings.]  Van Pelt   [off-screen] : CBI. Rigsby : Van Pelt. Where's Jane and Lisbon? Van Pelt   [at her desk] : Hey. Following up a lead I gave them. Why? What's wrong? Jane goes down the stairs into the basement first. Hardy follows him. Jane turns on the light and sees a door with a peephole. He looks through and sees Maya, sitting on a mattress. Jane : Maya. It's okay Maya, we're going to get you out of here.  [He turns to Hardy.]  She's alive!  [Hardy points the shotgun at Jane.]  What are you doing? Hardy : You act smart, but really you're kind of dumb, huh? Don't move an inch. Jane : I...I don't understand. Hardy : No, you never really have. You recall a man by the name of Orville Tanner? Jane : Yeah, Red John's accomplice in his first killing. He was caught. Died 10 years ago in jail. Hardy : That's the man. I'm his son, Dumar. This is the family farm. He was a good man, good father. He wrote me every week till the day he died, you know. Taught me everything I know. Jane : And Red John? Hardy : Friend of my father's. And a close friend of mine, I'm proud to say. Jane : He doesn't have friends, he has tools. He's using you. Hardy : Red John is not using me. He gave me Maya. Gave me the woman I love, the woman I'm going to marry. Jane : Love? She's in a cage. Hardy : Love's cruel. At least she's safe. Not like out there with those degenerates. She'll grow to appreciate the security I'm giving her. Isn't that right, honey? Huh?  [He bangs on the door. Maya cringes and whimpers.]  She's gonna love me the way I love her. Jane : I wouldn't bet on that. Hardy : I'm happy for the first time in my life, and Red John made that happen! So don't you go telling me he's no friend of mine! Jane : And what did you have to give him in exchange? Hardy : He got Emma. And you. He wanted you badly. He lured you in so sweetly. You just couldn't help yourself, could you? If that Rosalind wouldn't have popped up and spoiled things, we were going to get you here nice and quiet, so we could take our time. Now we'll have to find someplace else to keep you both, but that's life. Jane : Keep us for what? Hardy : Oh, well, you'll just have to wait and see. It's gonna be so much fun. Lisbon : Hardy, put the gun down. Put it down slowly.  [She comes down the stairs with her gun pointing at Hardy.] Hardy : Crap. Listen, he... Lisbon : Now!  [He throws his gun down.]  Put your hands behind your head. Hardy : Well, you fooled us, huh? Bravo. You never did go see that judge. Jane : Dammit, Lisbon, you were supposed to wait till Red John showed up. Lisbon : I couldn't take the chance. Red John is long gone, anyway. Hardy : And you faked the warrant argument. ( Hardy turns to face her. ) Lisbon : Turn around, sir! Hardy : Lured me into the open. Slick. How'd you know it was me?  [He turns back to Jane, who is looking for the key to the door of Maya's prison.] Lisbon : Don't move. Jane : Rosalind said that Dumar was a heavy smoker who was trying to quit. And you, you chew on those nicotine gums all day long. And it was you that staged the break-in at the Plaskett house so you could plant the camera. Hardy : Bet you think you're pretty cool right now, huh? Jane : Oh, yeah.  [He finds the key.]  Bingo. Hardy   [Turning to Lisbon] : Tell you what, release me now and... Lisbon : Don't turn around. Hardy : ...I'll try and persuade Red John to kill you quick and clean instead of slow and nasty. Lisbon : Turn around and shut up! As she's taking his handgun away from him, someone closes the hatch. Hardy hits Lisbon, but she grabs him and knocks him down. Jane ducks out of the way. We can see the action on a monitor in the upstairs room which had been locked. We see the teacup again. Police cars with sirens wailing come racing along the road and break through the gate without stopping. We see on the monitor that Lisbon is handcuffing Hardy. Steam is still rising off the tea in the cup. We see the screen door of the farmhouse bang as someone ducks out the back. Cho and Rigsby, guns drawn, come in the front. They start to check the rooms. The locked room is no longer locked. Rigsby : Boss! This room's clear. Cho : Clear. Jane   [off-screen] : Rigsby. Lisbon   [off-screen] : We're down here. There's a hatch in the floor. Cho lifts the hatch and Lisbon blinks in the light. Rigsby : You guys okay? We see an unconscious handcuffed Hardy lying on the floor. Lisbon is a bit out of breath. Lisbon : We're fine. We've got Maya. Call the paramedics. Jane and Lisbon unlock the door. Lisbon holds her badge up for Maya to see and then walks over to her. Lisbon : It's okay. I'm here.  [She takes Maya in her arms. Maya clings to her.]  You're safe now, Maya. Shhh. It's okay. Shhh. Jane looks at Lisbon holding a shivering Maya. Outside the farmhouse. Evening. There are police cars and ambulances parked all around, lights still flashing. Cho and Rigsby lead Maya out. She has a police Jacket around her shoulders. A paramedic leads her off to be checked. In the basement. Jane is looking at the camera that fed to the monitor upstairs. Lisbon walks up behind him. Jane : He was here. He was right here. Lisbon : We saved a girl's life, Jane. We saved her life. We have Hardy, okay? He's going to tell us what we need to know. Jane : Oh, you think so? You should have waited. We agreed on that. Lisbon : What if Hardy had killed you right here? Jane : And then he would have led you straight to Red John. Lisbon : You'd be dead. Jane : But you would have Red John. Lisbon : I don't think you mean what you say. I think you choose life. Jane : Well you think wrong. Lisbon   [upset] : No. No, you think wrong. Can't you see there's people who care about you, who need you? You're being selfish and childish and I want you to stop it. Jane : I wish that I could, but you know some things you just can't fix. Needn't be angry, it's just the way of the world. Lisbon : We still have Hardy. He's going to talk. He's gonna give us Red John. Jane : Right. We have Hardy. Yes. Lisbon : We saved a life. Jane : Yes, we did. We did. Hooray for us. Outside. It's now dark. A forensics guy puts Hardy's gun in the back of a vehicle. Cho and Rigsby drive off. Hardy is lying unconscious on a stretcher. Maya is leaning against a car not far from him. Lisbon comes up to her. Lisbon : Maya. I'm going to fill out some paperwork with the forensics people and then we'll take you home. Maya : Okay. Hardy opens his eyes. Jane comes out of the house. Hardy gets his handcuff key and undoes his cuffs. Lisbon : Do you need anything? Maya : I'm good, thank you. Hardy grabs the gun of the deputy standing next to him and shoots him in the chest. He then points the gun at Lisbon, who has spun around, but hasn't had time to draw her gun yet. A shot knocks Hardy over and we see Jane holding Hardy's shotgun, which he has just fired. Lisbon looks stricken. Hardy is on the ground, coughing up blood. Jane throws the shotgun away in disgust and goes over and kneels by Hardy, who is lying on his back. Hardy   [spluttering] : Red John. Red John. Shhh. Hardy puts his finger to his lips and laughs. He then makes a choking sound and dies. Jane looks desolate. Lisbon, standing nearby, also looks upset. As the Bach piece plays again, the camera pulls back showing the scene from above. It fades to... Morning. A police car is driving Maya home, with Lisbon and Jane. They stop at the Plaskett house and the policeman opens Maya's door. Jane opens Lisbon's door. The Plaskett's come running out, Maya's mother calling her name. Maya runs to them and they all hug her. Lisbon walks halfway up the path, and Mr Plaskett comes to her and takes her hand. He nods to Jane in thanks also. Jane wanders down into the garden, picks an orange and smells it. He gives a small enigmatic smile and starts to peel the orange. END. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 