Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Red Brick and Ivy - The Mentalist 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Red Brick and Ivy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=37&t=13654 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/21/08 09:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Red Brick and Ivy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Mentalist: noun. Someone who uses mental acuity, hypnosis and/or suggestion. A master manipulator of thoughts and behavior. 
 Leyland University, CA  
 STUTZER INSTITUTE Stern : The human mind is a vast universe, an inner cosmos that we are only now beginning to explore. Our next speaker is one of the nation's leading cosmonauts, a rising star in the field of neuroscience, and a prized member of the Leyland faculty. I give you Alex Nelson. Alex : No, no, no. Thank you. No. Stop. CBI Rigsby  [phone]: CBI. Rigsby. Jane, phone for you. Someone called Sophie Miller. Jane : T—uh, t-t-tell her I'm not here. Rigsby : Okay. I'm sorry, ma'am. He's not available right now. Jane : No, no, no, no. Wait. Wait Rigsby : I'll, uh, put you through. Jane : Dr. Miller? Yeah, this is Patrick. Hey. Uh, if someone is murdered on the campus of a state university, it's ours, isn't it? Lisbon : It can be if we muscle out the locals. Why'd you ask Jane : I need a favor. Police department Policeman : Sophie, Alex Nelson's water bottle contained a 10% solution of hydrogen cyanide. What do you know about that? Sophie : I know that hydrogen cyanide is a lethal poison beyond that, nothing at all. Please, call me "Miss Miller" or "Dr. Miller" or "Ma'am." Not Sophie, if you don't mind. Policeman : You're not setting the boundaries here. You were seen by several witnesses arguing with the victim shortly before his death. You fled the scene immediately after his death. Sophie : A cunning plan, eh? Policeman : Since your divorce from the victim two years ago, you've been arrested for assaulting him twice and made several death threats against him. He obtained a restraining order against you. Sophie : And I obtained one against him also. Policeman : Well, that's all right then. It didn't bother you that Alex had remarried, that he found happiness with another woman? Sophie : Alex and I got past our personal history. We had to, for the sake of our work together. Policeman : Ah, yes. You worked together at the, uh, Stutzer institute, right? Which gave you ready access to the hydrogen cyanide. Sophie : You know, I had thought, being innocent, that I don't need a lawyer, but I can see that you have some animus against me, so I'll say nothing more until I have a lawyer present. Lisbon : What if we take this case, and it turns out she's guilty? Jane : She didn't do it. Lisbon : How do you know? Jane : Because she told me she didn't. She wouldn't lie to me. Lisbon : Why not? Jane : Because she wouldn't. Lisbon : Suppose she did. Jane : Well, if she is guilty, Then we need to catch her and punish her, but she's not. Lisbon : Jane, I know I said I wouldn't ask, but I'm asking. Who is this woman? What's the connection? Jane : You don't wanna know. Policeman : She'll talk, but she just needs time. Jane : To do what? Lisbon : I'm not saying she isn't a good forward. But we don't have enough solid evidence to support that right now. Policeman : I disagree. Lisbon : That's your right. But the CBI's lead agency on this. Policeman : Yes. Strange, though, that a department of justice unit like CBI is lead agency, 'cause Sophie Miller called The D.O.J. Switchboard this morning. You might almost think that she... Chose her own investigators. Lisbon : Leyland is a state university. We automatically offer our services when local agencies aren't equipped. If Sophie Miller called the D.O.J., it's a coincidence. Policeman # 2 : Excuse me, sir. Policeman : What is it, Drobey? Policeman # 2 : This was posted up all over Leyland campus during the night. Policeman : "the animal equality league has seen justice served. "the blood of innocent animals was on Nelson's hands, and he has paid the price for his crimes." Lisbon : Looks like there's more suspects now. CBI Lisbon : They want the animal testing at Leyland university science department to stop, or "the monster Stutzer will be next to pay for his genocidal crimes." Minelli : Who is Stutzer? Stern : Lewis Stutzer is one of the world's foremost neuroscientists and founder of the Stutzer institute at the university. Minelli : And, um, what is his connection to the victim, Alex Nelson? Stern : Alex Nelson and Sophie Miller are his colleagues, his seconds in command. Please understand that there's a great deal at stake here for the university. The Stutzer institute is our lynchpin. I came to see you in person to get your firm assurance that this will be handled properly, with speed and discretion and ironclad security for Dr. Stutzer. Minelli : Of course, chancellor Stern. You have my absolute assurance. I will have a squad of state marshals around Dr. Stutzer within the hour. Agent Lisbon and her team will handle the murder investigation. They have the highest clearance rate in the state. Stern : Good. Thank you. Sir. Minelli : What are you, nuts? An animal rights case? Lisbon : You know what a nightmare they are? I know. I know. I'm sorry. I didn't realize it was an animal rights caseuntil too late. Minelli : And at putt, Stern is gonna be a pain in the ass.You better close this crap quick, Lisbon. Jane : Hey, thanks for not telling him I made you take the case. Lisbon? Hello? Lisbon : Tell me the truth. Jane : The truth? Darth Vader? Luke's father. Lisbon : Seriously, I've stuck my stupid neck out for you for the umpteenth time. I think I deserve the truth. Why is Sophie Miller so important to you? Jane : She was my doctor. Lisbon : She's a psychiatrist. Jane : Yes, she was my psychiatrist. Lisbon : But you hate psychiatrists, so you always say. Jane : She was a good psychiatrist. Lisbon : She must have been if she managed to keep you in the room. Jane : It was a locked room. Yeah, I went through a rough patch, I did a little time in a hospital, and Sophie helped me through that time. Lisbon : It's not on your record. Jane : No. Believe me. I... It s not easy to do. I... I know there's nothing shameful about having a breakdown, but I gotta confess, I am ashamed of it. Lisbon : Thank you for being so honest with me. Jane : Sorry I kept it from you. Van Pelt : Shall I come back later? Lisbon : No. Van Pelt : Rigsby started in on the campus security tapes. Nothing yet. I've been tracking this animal equality league. They're all over the internet. They believe in animal equality, so you know, they're not very happy. They've taken credit for several firebombing attacks on slaughterhouses and animal testing facilities. Serious people. Cho : I interviewed the staff at the auditorium. There's no security to speak of. Anyone present at the symposium could have poisoned his water bottle. There are no prints on it but Nelson's. Nobody saw exactly where he got it from. The brand is the same all over campus. Kerry : I'm Kerry Sheehan, Dr. Stutzer's teaching assistant. He's ready to see you now. Jane : Did you know Alex Nelson well? Kerry : He was a very good man. He was, uh... He was a, um... Jane : Yes? He was? Kerry : He was a good, good man. Lisbon : Dr. Stutzer? Huh? We're with the CBI. Dr. Stutzer : Oh. Yeah. Yes, of course. Come in. And shut that door, please. Sit down. Terrible, terrible business. Alex was a first-rate researcher. Truly first-rate. I cannot tell you how much I am going to miss him. Lisbon : I'm sorry, Dr. Stutzer. We wanted to talk to you a little about the threats— Dr. Stutzer : Couldn't have come at a worse time, of course it's going to set us back months, I'm afraid. Months. Jane : What is it you do here exactly, Dr. Stutzer? Dr. Stutzer : Our work here is highly sensitive. Lisbon : What you tell us regarding your work is completely confidential. All CBI agents sign a binding nondisclosure agreement. Dr. Stutzer : Very well. I will tell you what we're doing here. We're curing evil. Hmm. We're banishing the devil. We have identified a section of the brain that governs moral decision making. It's a small fold of tissue called the cingulate gyrus here in the medial part of the brain. This is the source of good and evil. We've learned how it works and how to readjust it when it does not work properly. We've created what we call a morality engine. Jane : A morality engine? Dr. Stutzer : You are skeptical. Nevertheless, it's true. We are plumbing the depths of the human soul. Do you know what's down there? Do you know what your soul is made of? Jane : Frogs and snails and puppy dogs' tails? Dr. Stutzer : Ah. Humor. Good. Thank you, no. Your soul is electricity. The essence of your being is a series of rapid electrical impulses. Morality is a binary switch system in the brain, and we are learning how to control that switch system. Lisbon : Where do animals come into this? Dr. Stutzer : Well, we aren't allowed to poke around inside human heads until we have done the same things on animals first. This is Susie. When she first arrived, she was quite violent, especially over food. We recalibrated her anterior cingulate gyrus, and now look what a happy and generous girl she is. Jane : Thank you. Where'd it go? Is Susie here the extent of your animal testing? Dr. Stutzer : Oh, no. There's been other chimpanzees before her, rats, mice, pigeons. Jane : Have you ever been threatened by animal rights activists before now? Dr. Stutzer : Yes, of course. When one is a prominent scientist, one is sometimes menaced by animal people. It's always nonsense. Jane : In this case, we must assume the threats are very real. Lisbon : The marshals will provide you with full protection, but you're gonna need to be careful. Dr. Stutzer : I am not intimidated. The work we are doing here is far too important. That is why I have this. In the long term, this technology has the potential to eradicate violence from human relations. That is what these animal rights maniacs don't understand. We are trying to create a world of peace where everyone is safe. Jane : From monkey attacks? Dr. Stutzer : Ah. More humor. Come this way. We are well past animal testing... And into the first stages of testing on humans. Machine : Question five— you are in a burning building. You can save "a," The life of a 45-year-old homeless male drug addict or "b," a priceless masterpiece painted by Rembrandt. Which do you choose? Man : "b." Jane : Hmm. Forget about the animal equality league. We should firebomb the place. The guy's gonna put us out of a job. I can't see it. Lisbon : Human beings are more than just electrical appliances. Patrick. Jane : Dr. Miller. Sophie. Jane : Uh, this is, uh, agent Lisbon. Sophie : Hello. Lisbon : I'm gonna wait in the car. Jane : All right. Sophie : Thanks for getting me out. Jane : Oh, it wasn't me. It was the animal equality league that sprung you. Sophie : It's the thought that counts. How have you been doing? Jane : Good. Very good. You? Sophie : I've had my issues. Jane : Well, I... I don't know why that should surprise me. I suppose most patients assume their doctors have no problems themselves. Sophie : Well, who'd consult a sick doctor? It's one of the reasons I left clinical practice and went into pure research. Jane : What are they exactly, your issues? I mean, what's the story with you and Alex Nelson? Assault? Restraining orders? Sophie : What can I say? I'm just drawn to controlling but damaged and emotionally unavailable men. Jane : You and Alex made a truce? Sophie : Yeah. Jane : But you were arguing just before he died. Sophie : About work. Is this an interrogation? Jane : No, no. I'm s—I'm sorry. I was just wondering about the logic of it all. Sophie : What logic? Jane : Oh, you saved my life. I owe you. I would do anything to repay that debt. You know that, right? But you're innocent, so why do you need my help? Why am I here? Sophie : Maybe I just wanted to see you again. Now I have. Good-bye, Patrick. Flashback Sophie : Patrick, my name is Sophie Miller. I'm gonna help you get better. End flashback CBI Rigsby : I got a partial plate, which gets us a list of about 2,000 vehicles. Take a look at the back window. Cho : It looks like a cat or a dog. Rigsby : It's a bear. The Northwestern Oregon State bear. So Van Pelt cross-referenced that vehicle list with alumni of Northwestern Oregon State... Van Pelt : Which gets us five names— all clean, no criminal records, no animal rights activism, all living quietly in Oregon. But one guy sold his van six months ago to a company based in Sacramento. Rigsby : A, uh... Company with no apparent business and no registered employees based out of one of those warehouses by the river. Cho : Nice work. Rigsby : We've been monitoring the building closely. So far, nobody's gone in or come out.. Cho : We don't know how many people are in there. Rigsby : This could get nasty. All : Police! Freeze! Let me see your hands! Don't move! CBI Man : Yeah, I killed Nelson. He had it coming. And I'm gonna kill Stutzer, too, for what he's doing to the animals. He's got it coming. Cho : What's he doing to the animals? Man : Hey, can I go now? I gotta feed the cats. They get hungry, you know, and they get mad, and they pee on my computer keyboard, and it really screws up my work. Cho : We won't keep you here any longer than we need to. Now this animal equality league—tell me about it. Man : It's a league of people who believe that animals should be equal to humans. I'm chair of the league's supreme council. Van Pelt : He's crazy. Rigsby : Yeah, crazy don't make him innocent. Crazy's what makes people kill other people. Cho : How did you kill Nelson? Man : Poison. Cho : What kind of poison did you use? Man : Wouldn't you like to know? Cho : I do know. I'm wondering if you do. Man : Do you realize that the real rulers of this planet are insects? Van Pelt : Okay. Crazy innocent, probably. Lisbon : Okay. Yeah. Keep him locked up until forensics have swept his stuff, just in case. Call mental health services. Have them take a look at him. Looks like the animal rights angle's a dead end. Back to square one. Jane : The grieving widow? Lisbon : That's always a good place to start. Jane : Yes, I think so. Nelson's house  Emily : [phone] Flowers for funeral? I don't know how many flowers u're supposed to have in a memorial service. Is three arrangements too few? Well, how much do lilies cost? Maybe you should just speak to chancellor Stern. He might have a better idea. I'm sorry. Death is so complicated I'm expected to answer all these questions about everything. Lisbon : Mrs. Nelson, I just— Emily : Please call me Emily. I never really got the hang of being called "Nelson." Can we sit? I was just getting the hang of being a newlywed, and now I'm a widow. Lisbon : Mm. Did you ever get any sense that there was anything wrong in any aspect of Alex's life? Emily : No, I don't think so. I mean, work had been really hard lately. I know that. Jane : Is that you? Emily : Yes, that's when Alex and I first met. Jane : Huh. Cute picture. Lisbon : Why was work so hard? Emily : I don't know. When Alex would talk about his work, I couldn't understand a word, and he just stopped trying after a while. But he had an argument on the phone a few weeks ago. Alex went into his office, and I could hear him shouting. He was so angry. He never shouts. Lisbon : Any idea who he was shouting at? Emily : I know it was a woman. Rosie, I think he called her. Lisbon : Rosie. Do you know anybody named Rosie? Emily : No. Lisbon : Did you ever ask him about the phone call? Emily : I did. He said it was a work thing. Lisbon : And you believed him? Emily : Yeah. Lisbon : You didn't suspect that there was another woman involved? Emily : No. Lisbon : Sorry. I have to ask such things Sorry. You have a beautiful house. Beautiful. Did you do the decorating? Emily : No, it's all Alex. He was teaching me. He had an aesthetic. [phone] It keeps doing that every five minutes. What am I gonna do? Jane : When this funeral stuff is done with and Alex is buried, I want you to go someplace beautiful. Just get on a plane. Don't tell anyone where you're going. Just go. Fly away and start building a new life for yourself. Emily : Okay. Jane : Okay. But you promise me you will fight hard against your weakness for control freaks. Emily : Okay. Jane : Good. Good. Emily : I'm sorry. Jane : No. Jane : She couldn't kill anyone unless they told her to in a firm voice. Lisbon : That's funny. "don't listen to control freaks." "whatever you say, sir." Jane : Let's go see Stutzer's assistant. Lisbon : Kerry Sheehan? What, you think she's the mysterious Rosie? Jane : The widow's not a true blonde. She's naturally dark. Flashback Jane : Is that you? Emily : Yes. That's when Alex and I first met. End flashback Lisbon : And what? Jane : And her hair is colored and styled to look like Sophie— Only younger—who was a brunet when I knew her. Lisbon : So Nelson was a control freak, like you said. Jane : A control freak with a serious thing for getting his women to dye their hair blond. Lisbon : Kerry Sheehan has roots. Jane : Yes, she does. Lisbon : She and Alex Nelson were having an affair. Jane : Bravo. Lisbon : Don't patronize me. Lisbon : Miss Sheehan? Kerry? It's Teresa Lisbon. We want to talk to you about Alex Nelson. I need E.M.T.S at 9-6-5 elm. Flashback Kerry : He was good, good man. End Flashback Lisbon : Tell them not to run the lights. Forgive me  Lisbon : Looks like suicide. Lisbon : Is it what it looks like, you think? Man : Yeah. How pink she was? That's cyanide. It causes high blood-oxygen saturation. Lisbon : Thanks. Van Pelt : Look at this, boss. I found these in the garbage upstairs. That's Alex with the victim. Stern : It's not a tidy end to this sad saga, but it is an end, at least. Thank you for all your hard work. Lisbon : We're not done here, I'm afraid. If Kerry Sheehan was a suicide, that doesn't make her guilty of Alex's murder. Stern : If she's a suicide? 
 
 CBI Lisbon : The note's too brief for a woman. Women like to explain themselves. I think it's a staged suicide. Jane : Perhaps she was too ashamed of what she'd done to talk of it Van Pelt : She had enough pills to kill herself ten times over. Rigsby : And hoarding pills is characteristic of the suicidal type. Van Pelt : Yes, but why would she kill herself with the hydrogen cyanide, with terrible pain, when she'd collected pills that would let her slip away gently? Jane : Well, maybe she wanted the pain she needed the pain to punish herself for killing her lover. Lisbon : You really want this case to be over, don't you Jane : Don't you? Lisbon : Actually, no. I want to find out the truth. And if Kerry didn't kill herself, then- Cho : the widow had a motive. Lisbon : Yeah, but not the temperament. There's no way she's a killer. That leaves one obvious suspect. Jane : Sophie. Lisbon : Look at her record. She and Alex were violently obsessed with each other. Maybe they were still secretly involved. Maybe she was jealous of Kerry. Yeah,  Cho : But why kill Kerry and leave Emily unharmed Rigsby : And how did she even know Kerry was sleeping with Alex? Jane : Let's go ask her. Let's keep it casual to start with Sophie. Let her relax. If she gets her guard up, we'll get nothing from her. Lisbon : You're very combative all the sudden. Jane : No, if she is guilty, she lied to me, and I believed it. She fooled me. Lisbon : The ultimate sin. Jane : Yes, it is. Laboratory Machine : You're adrift in a lifeboat. You can save ten small children by pushing one 60-year-old man out of the boat. Yes or no? Woman : No. Machine : You're adrift in a lifeboat. You can save ten small children by failing to help one 60-year-old man out of the water and into the boat. Yes or no? Woman : Yes. Sophie : That's it. If you could just wait for Greg to release you from the chair, you can go. And thank you very much for your help. Really, both dilemmas are exactly the same— One life for ten— But almost everyone answers the set of questions the same way. It's the most basic human morality— The value we place on a human life and when we're willing to sacrifice it. But watch now if I run a current of electricity through this part of the brain, I can provoke a response that totally bypasses any conscious thought. I can manipulate the subject's moral reasoning towards good, and if I want, the reverse, toward evil. Now you know, obviously there are complex ethical issues involved. So we've recalibrated the test subjects just enough to prove our findings, because we don't want to get too far ahead of public sentiment. Jane : Theoretically, this way, villains... And this way, saints. Sophie : Yes, in simple terms. Jane : I must have a try. You gotta let me have a try. Sophie : Really? As test subject or controller? Jane : Controllers? You—you call them controllers? That's brilliant. Uh, I'll do either. I'd like to do both. Sophie : Really? I'm so glad that we've amused you. Lisbon : Dr. Miller? Sophie : Yes? Lisbon : I assume you've heard about Kerry Sheehan's death. Sophie : Yes, it's tragic. Do you think that she killed Alex? Lisbon : Is there somewhere we can talk in private? Sophie : Sounds so ominous. Lisbon : We could do it downtown with lawyers present, but I thought it'd be more congenial to talk here. Sophie : You're right, and I'm happy to talk to you, 'cause I understand you're just trying to do your job. Lisbon : We were wondering, did you know Kerry and Alex were having an affair? Sophie : Well, I knew she was having an affair with a married man because she told me. I didn't know it was Alex. I didn't put it together. Lisbon : She told you that. You were close, then? Sophie : No, not really. Lisbon : She had to have known you were Alex's ex. Why would she talk to you, of all people? Sophie : I don't know. Jane : You're a psychiatrist. Give it a shot. Sophie : My guess is that she was a silly little girl who liked the secret drama of it all and the safety of the rules that would prevent me from slapping her senseless, if I'd found out. Lisbon : Why would you slap her for that you didn't care about Alex anymore. Sophie : I cared nothing at all for him, but I don't like being played with. Lisbon : Were you still involved in a physical relationship with him? Sophie : No. Lisbon : Who's Rosie? Sophie : Rosie? I can't say that I know anybody with that name. Lisbon : Are you sure? Sophie : Yes. Why? Was that Alex's other woman? Lisbon : Emily heard Alex arguing with a woman she thought was called Rosie. Jane : Lisbon, would you leave us alone for a moment? Lisbon : No problem. Jane : Thank you. Sophie : What? Flashback Sophie : I know you're feeling powerless right now, but you're in control. You have a choice. You can choose to let evil defeat you, or you can fight back. You can fight, or you can give up and die. It's your choice. End flashback Jane : I asked Lisbon to leave us because you... Gave me my life back, and I owe you the chance to do the right thing. Sophie : Which is? Jane : Tell me the truth. Sophie : I told you I don't know anybody with that name. Jane : What about a monkey? Did you know a monkey with that name? Sophie : Yes. Jane : 'cause that's... Rosie... In there, isn't it? Sophie : Yes. Jane : You switched her with Susie because Susie never did get gentle, did she? Sophie : No. Jane : The morality engine doesn't work, does it? It's all phooey. And—and this guy— professor Lewis Stutzer— He's the wizard of oz. Sophie : No. We are this close. We are this close to cracking this. We're on the edge of— of a revolutionary break- Jane : "on the edge"? Sophie. This building, this institute, this whole multimillion dollar project is based on a sham. Yes or no? Sophie : Yes. It's a sham. We've been falsifying data for almost a year now to make it look like it works, but it doesn't. Jane : Why lie about it? It's—it was... Bound to be discovered. Sophie : Pride, delusion, greed. You have to understand. Lewis Stutzer is a genius. This project is the culmination of his life's work. I so desperately wanted it to work. We all did. And we began to believe the lies that we were telling. Jane : And Alex threatened to expose the whole thing. He was going to at the symposium that morning. He was gonna confess. Sophie : I begged him. I begged him not to. It'd be the end of our careers. It'd be the end of everything. Jane : So you killed him and Kerry to cover this whole thing up. Sophie : Patrick. Look at me. I had nothing to do with the deaths. I promise. Jane : Who was it? Stutzer? Sophie : I-I don't—I don't know. Jane : You knew they were both killed to cover this thing up, and yet you didn't say a word to me. That's why you asked me to help you, isn't it? Because you thought you could push my buttons. You thought you could manipulate me into exonerating you. Sophie, look at me. I don't care about the fraud, but if you had anything to do with those murders— If you had anything at all to do with those murders— Now is the time to walk away. Walk away and get on a plane to Brazil. Flashback Sophie : Patrick. Jane : Thank you, Doctor. Good-bye. Sophie : Good-bye, Patrick. Be well. End flashback Sophie : I had nothing to do with the murders. Minelli : [phone]: No, no, no, no, no. I don't like to consent it at all. That's a crazy idea. Jane : Yeah, absolutely. All right. We'll do it, boss. Thanks. He said "Go ahead. Fine." Loves the idea. Sophie : Professor Stutzer, we've done it. Dr Stutzer : What? Sophie : The morality engine works. Dr Stutzer : It works? Sophie : I'll show the policemen how the brain scaner works, -But as the later have been tripping off. Dr Stutzer : Yes, it's been doing that Sophie : So I decide to bypass the differential filters. I think it's producing an eye-on flow into the dent Dr Stutzer : But how? Sophie : I don't know how it works, but it works. Laboratory Sophie : This is his baseline before recalibration. And after. Dr Stutzer : You sure about this? Sophie : I've checked and rechecked the results. Watch! I'm not up to my small authority. Machine : Question 65-B A gunman is going to shoot an innocent child, you can save the child by jumping in front of the gun, but it will cost you your life, do you A-give up your life, or B-let the child die. Jane : A. Sophie : And now I'm going to make him evil. Machine : Question 98. You're stranded on an island with a stranger, you find food supply but there's only enough to keep one person alive, if you do not share the food, your survival is guaranteed, but the stranger will starve. Do you A-share the food, or B-keep the food for yourself. Jane : B. Sophie : See? It works. Dr Stutzer : It does work. It really works. We must tell the chancellor that it works. Machine : Eating people is wrong. True or false? Jane : False. Machine : Question 95. Seeing another human being in pain is pleasant. True or false? Jane : True. Sophie : Well done! Well done! Thanks a lot! Dr Stutzer : I told you I'll succeed in the end. Sophie : Yes, you did. You surly did. All : Mr. Jane. Sophie : Mr. Jane, I haven't restored your normal calibration. Jane : Don't worry about it. Sophie : But he's been calibrated for evil. Dr Stutzer : Sir! Sir, please, follow Dr. Miller's advice. You don't understand what has happened to you. Jane : Yes, I understand. Your morality engine worked. Made me into a good man. Dr Stutzer : No. You do not understand. It is exactly the opposite. Jane : No, doc, you don't understand. Stern : What are you doing? Jane : Put the phone down. Thank you. You know why I'm alive on this planet? My sole purpose. I catch bad people and punish them. That's all I do. Because when I do that, I know I'm doing something good. You see? Dr Stutzer : Yes, yes. Jane : Good people do good thing. Bad people do bad things. Dr Stutzer : Th-that—that's true. Jane : Yes. Now let's test your moral baseline. Question 99—who killed Alex Nelson and Kerry Sheehan? Dr Stutzer : I-I don't know. Jane : That's not an acceptable answer. Tell me the truth, or I will kill that woman. Dr Stutzer : I am telling you the truth. Oh, my god! Stern : Oh, my god! Oh, my god. Jane : Okay, now that we've established Some real test parameters, tell me who killed Alex Nelson and Kerry Sheehan, Or I will shoot your good friend here. And then if you still don't give me an honest answer, I will kill you. Dr Stutzer : My good man, I cannot tell you what I do not know. Jane : I need an answer. Stern : It was me. It was... It was me. It was me. Dr Stutzer : You? Why? Stern : I-I killed them. I'm sorry, Lewis. I was only trying to protect you. Jane : I need evidence. Stern : In—in my basement in a charcoal lighter fluid bottle. Jane : What's in the bottle? Stern : Cyanide. Jane : Why did you do it? Stern : To protect the university. Alex was going to expose the Stutzer institute as a fraud. The—the university's finances are—are based on Stutzer's reputation. If Stutzer goes down, Leyland university goes down. Jane : And Kerry came to you after Alex died, said that Alex had told her everything. She was gonna expose Stutzer, not just as a fraud, But as a murderer. Stern : Yes. Jane : Yeah. Where in the basement is that bottle? Stern : Top shelf on the left as you—as you.. As you come down the stairs. Jane : I bet you keep a nice, neat basement. What was in that bottle again? Stern : Cyanide. Jane : Sophie, you can get up now. See? The blood— totally worth it. It's always those little details that help sell the whole thing. That was—that was great. Stern : It's all inadmissible. I-I said what I had to say to—to save myself from this lunatic with a gun. It's inadmissible. Jane : She knows, but knowing the truth is important, too. Uh, top shelf left or right, did you say? Stern : Left. Lisbon : We have agents at your house right now with a search warrant. Stern : Inadmissible. Lisbon : Yes. I'd hate to be a state's attorney. Jane's always pulling crap like this on them. But they always win. In the meantime, you're under arrest. Cho? Would you? Cho : Put your hands on your head. Jane : Thank you. Cho : You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning. Dr Stutzer : If you give up that right... The engine doesn't work? You were pretending. Sophie : It doesn't work. Dr Stutzer : Pretending. To catch the chancellor... Or me, I suppose. You couldn't know which. Jane : No, I thought it was you. Dr Stutzer : Very clever. I so badly wanted to believe that it worked. Mind plays tricks, huh? Never mind. Jane : In the future, I hope that your love life is a little more peaceful, but if it's not and an ex-lover turns up dead again,do me a favor? Don't call me. I think we're pretty much even. Sophie : Paid in full. Jane : Great. What are you gonna do now? Sophie : I'm ruined as a scientist, so I'll probably go back to helping people one by one. Jane : I think that's a great idea. You're very good at that. Sophie : Thanks. Jane : Bye, Sophie. Be well. Lisbon : Jane kissed a girl. Jane : Well, you know, it's... Yeah, on the cheek. Lisbon : Still counts. Jane : Counts as what? Lisbon : Nothing. Just saying. You want to drive? Jane : That's a very sweet offer. Do I really seem so sad? Lisbon : What? I was just asking if you wanted to drive. Jane : You don't like it when I drive. You despise it. Lisbon : You drive way too fast. Jane : I drive just fast enough. You hate not being the one in control, and yet you're willing to overcome your irrational fears go cheer me up. That's a beautiful thing, Lisbon. Thank you. I'd love to drive. Lisbon : Never mind. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 