Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Negative Autopsies & New Partners - Rosewood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Negative Autopsies & New Partners https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=443&t=25869 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/10/16 05:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Negative Autopsies & New Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Push it to the limit if you wanna win it ♪ 
♪ Harbor no room for the weak, nor the timid ♪ 
 Ah! 
 Whoo! 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh! 
 See? I told you I'd beat you. 
 That was barely a win. 
 What happened, Mr. six miles a day? 
 You lose some pep in your step? 
 No, no. 
 My step is full of pep, thank you. [Laughs] 
 I want to know why you crashed my morning run. 
 I didn't crash your run. 
 Ah, and the serenity of bal Harbour beach, the crisp, yet gentle ocean breeze. 
 You know that's my thing. 
 No, the wonder and beauty of nature belongs to everyone, Rosie. 
 That was very me-like. [Laughs] 
 Am I filing that under sarcasm or sincerity? 
 Always under sarcasm. 
 Okay, well, you know, sarcasm is the sincerest form of flattery. 
 No, I think that's imitation. 
 Exactly, which is why I want to know why you crashed my morning run. 
 [Sighs] 
 Cap didn't get the chief job, and it's all my fault. 
 You know, they wanted to fire me. 
 He said no. 
 Man, I really hate being a liability. 
 Then do something about it. 
 Taking action is your thing, right? 
 [Sighs] 
 I need to take on a new partner. 
 Well, good thing the last partner you took on worked out pretty well. 
 Eh, the jury's still out. 
 Nah, jury's all in. I mean, look at us. 
 Partners that run together stay together. 
 Yeah, except when they don't stay together. 
 What? No! 
 Ho! Hey! [Laughs] 
 Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out! 
 [Laughs] I gotcha, I gotcha, I gotcha! 
 Dr. Moore : Dr. Rosewood, as I said, I'd love to be your new cardiologist. 
 Well, Dr. Moore, your talents rival the best in Miami, but unfortunately, I don't think this is a great fit. 
 Man : She could do your job for you. 
 I apologize. 
 Yeah. So, I'm serious, Sheila. 
 Why is this hard for you? 
 Sally could do your job, and she's 10. 
 How could you possibly be so stupid? 
 I mean, seriously. 
 I'm tired of dealing with idiots. 
 Can I help you with something? 
 I'm sorry, I'm assuming that Sally is your daughter. 
 Yeah. So? 
 So imagine your daughter, sitting in this chair, watching her daddy berate someone on the phone, disturbing everyone around him like an insensitive jerk. 
 Would she be proud, or would she be embarrassed? 
 Two words... Inside voice. 
 Have a nice day. 
 You know, I'd say that I'm impressed, but something tells me you do that a lot. 
 Uh, guilty. 
 I, uh, answered the call to fight noise pollution at an early age. 
 Erica Kincaid. 
 Beaumont Rosewood Jr. 
 You can call me Rosie. 
 Rosie? 
 Yeah. 
 Hmm. W-what grown man invites people to call him Rosie? 
 A secure man. 
 Actually, there's a baseball player. 
 Oh, right, right, right! 
 Rosie Rosebraugh. Pittsburgh Pirates. 
 My dad was a baseball man, so I guess my code dictates that, uh, I give you a pass. 
 Well, I think my code would dictate that you say that again with more feeling. 
 Woman :  The remains of a 15-year-old girl were found in the woods with no I.D. Authorities were unable to release a sketch of the victim due to the condition of the body. 
 Ms. Kincaid, it was, uh, a pleasure meeting you. 
 You, too. 
 Hey, so, what's the plan? 
 What are you doing here, Rosie? 
 Saw the bat signal on TV. 
 Try again with different words. 
 We saw the news report on Jane Doe. 
 We're already on top of that right now. 
 Villa's scouting a new partner. 
 What about Alvarez? 
 Vegetarian, loves "your mama" jokes, still watches "Scooby-Doo" on Saturday mornings. 
 As do... 
 Do not say "I." 
 But I love "Scooby-Doo." 
 Cap, look, we're gonna find the right fit, okay? 
 But it's definitely not Alvarez. 
 What about Roday? 
 Morning, everyone! 
 One team, one dream! 
 Let's do this! Whoo! 
 Not a chance. 
 Look, Cap, the right fit for me is somewhere in the pen. I know it. 
 Fine. Go see Max. Vamoose. 
 Mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh, mnh! 
 Cease and desist with that "I have a speech" face. 
 No, no. No can do. 
 Aw, come on. This is epic. 
 I'm talking this is top-10 material right here. 
 Here we go. 
 [Button clicks] 
 See, you're open to the idea of having a new partner, but not the reality. 
 Ooh! I have an idea. 
 Rosie should go home. 
 I'm committed to making that a reality. 
 See? A partner will force you to engage, to collaborate. 
 It's good for the mind, body, and soul. 
 I think you make this stuff up. 
 I want to start fact-checking you. 
 Oh, good, good. Well, check this fact... 
 You can't do everything alone. 
 [Elevator bell dings] You can't. 
 And what happened to you finding a doctor? 
 This isn't about me, Villa. 
 Well, I'm making it about you because it always seems to be about me. 
 Let's make it about your jeans. 
 Oh, my gosh. 
 Rosie, what took you so long? 
 I am stumped on this one. I need your help, no question. 
 You got my help, no question, but I'm concerned about that look you're rocking. 
 Bring it in for the real thing, man. Come on. 
 Okay, okay, before this turns into a male chick flick, Max, give me the cause of death. 
 Oh, that's just it. I-I-I don't know. 
 And I went through the body twice. 
 You have a negative autopsy. 
 I have a performance issue. 
 What M.E. can't determine C.O.D.? 
 Max, don't do that to yourself. 
 We all know about 10% of deaths have no apparent cause, okay? 
 Jane Doe is unidentifiable because of the maggot situation. 
 Now, based on their age, I put time of death between 6 and 10 days ago. 
 Perfect. 
 Unknown identity, unknown cause of death, and a killer with a big head start. 
 Well, Jane Doe's identity will help close that gap. 
 We'll do a facial reconstruction at my lab. 
 But some of the facial bones need to be repaired first. 
 Max, I don't need them repaired. 
 I don't even need the skull for the reconstruction. 
 I swabbed a cheek for the DNA, and this is all I need. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Switch clicks] 
 Max noted blisters on her back. 
 I see extensive heel fissures. 
 Pippy : Maybe she spends a lot of time on her feet. 
 Could have been an athlete. 
 Pressure from running, bad shoes. 
 Are those... 
 Varicose veins, yes. 
 On a 15-year-old? 
 You can have poor blood circulation in your legs at any age. 
 I see bruising on the wrists. 
 Same pattern on both. 
 [Computer beeps] 
 Okay, blood work is in. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Okay, low serum albumin levels, so she has a protein deficiency. 
 Which means she was malnourished. 
 I think our Jane Doe was homeless. 
 Homeless kids wear whatever-size shoes that they can get their hands on. 
 Tight shoes equals cracked heels. 
 Varicose veins caused by probably constantly being on the move. 
 And malnourished from not eating properly. 
 It all fits. 
 [Cellphone chimes, buzzes] 
 I'm sorry, who are you right now, and how did you get this encyclopedia-like knowledge about the homeless? 
 Just got a message from Villa. 
 Some parents who have a daughter with Jane Doe's physical characteristics are on their way to the precinct. 
 I'm gonna meet them there. 
 Text me that facial reconstruction when it's done. 
 Okay. 
 You want to come with? 
 Your unique perspective could be useful in this case. 
 Well, want to know how I can be helpful on this case? 
 By doing my job... Toxicology. 
 Okay. 
 Biopsy those blisters, and see if there's a high-contrast X-ray of the wrists. 
 Let's zero in on the cause of death. 
 W-w-what are you guys talking about? 
 Great. Now this is a thing? 
 Rosie, what's going on? 
 Pippy was able to spot the signs of a homeless kid because when she was 15, she ran away from home. 
 Like for a few days at a friend's house? 
 More like a month or two on the streets. 
 S01E12 
Negative Autopsies & New Partners 
 How long has Kira been missing? 
 Six months. 
 Night she left, we thought she was at a dance. 
 Saw that she had emptied out her closet. 
 They hired me not long after. 
 I tracked Kira to a shelter in Boca Raton. 
 When I got there, she was gone. 
 Uh, where'd you find the Jane Doe? 
 At least an hour from there. 
 Hey, Pipp, I'm surprised you showed up. 
 The reconstruction came in. 
 Could have e-mailed it. 
 You're right. 
 I can do more than toxicology on this case. 
 Seeing that girl's face made that loud and clear. 
 All right. Come on. 
 Mr. and Mrs. Barrett, this is my sister Pippy. 
 She works with me in the lab. 
 She brought over the facial reconstruction. 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 [Sighs] It's not Kira. 
 If you don't mind me asking, why did Kira run off? 
 Our son, Evan... 
 Uh, he's a few years older than Kira, and he's just an exceptional kid. 
 He excels in everything he does. 
 The truth is, we probably dote on him more than we should. 
 And, then, there's Kira, that confused girl looking to make sense of her life, and she feels her parents love her brother more. 
 Man : Look, Captain Hornstock, I know you've got cases to work, but this family is important to me. 
 That's why I'm here. 
 The cooperation with your counterparts has slowed. 
 Could you give them a kick in the pants? 
 I'll do you one better. 
 I'm personally getting involved in the search. 
 [Sighs] 
 I see you, Captain Hornstock. 
 You flipped the script on me up in there. 
 Try again with different words. 
 It's nice, you helping the Barretts. 
 I mean, you come across as this... 
 Hard-as-nails S.O.B. with three dozen cases, frustrated he can't solve them all himself? 
 Something like that. 
 How long were you on the lam, Pippy? 
 I was gone three months. 
 You know, don't tell no one, but these cases, they still get to me, the thought of what this little girl is going through. 
 I have seven kids... 
 Six boys and one princess, Sophie. 
 She's the one that keeps me up all night. 
 And I know one day, I'm gonna have to kill a man for her. 
 That was actually kind of sweet. 
 As a father and as a cop, the thought of Kira living on the streets horrifies me. 
 It horrifies me, too. 
 Look, if you think you could help this case, great. 
 You know it because you lived it. 
 Just don't be like your brother. 
 One Rosewood like Rosie is plenty. 
 I heard that. 
 And I agree. 
 Here's the deal... We have one runaway on a slab, another in the wind. 
 Where are we with the lab stuff? 
 Still waiting on the results. 
 I'm poring over what little we have, but right now... 
 In the meantime, uh, we can go to mom's house, grab my old diary. 
 It's got all the best street spots to hide out, you know, to avoid the cops. 
 Better than standing around here. 
 Okay. 
 All right, I'm off to find a lead and a new partner. 
 Hold off on that last part. 
 I think I found the partner for you. 
 [Knock on door] 
 [Door closes] 
 Hey. Look who's here. 
 What's going on? You moving? 
 No, I am purging, getting ready for Donna Rosewood 2.0. 
 Okay, what happened to Donna Rosewood 1.0? 
 Well, she raised a family, retired, and then got a divorce. 
 Along the way, I've collected way too much stuff. 
 Wait a minute. I made this for you in the first grade. 
 Yes, you did. 
 And the last time I looked, I had four of them. 
 Now, I don't smoke, and you're no longer a child. 
 But the craftsmanship on this, you got... you got... 
 It will fetch me at least $5 in the garage sale. 
 That's it? $5? Ooh! 
 Okay, I'll put $5 on it. 
 Sold. 
 Anything else you two see that you don't want me to sell, please, take it home. 
 Okay. That's my cue to go save Mr. Chuckles before you sell it to a 6-year-old. 
 [Laughs] 
 What brings you two here? 
 We're investigating the murder of a 15-year-old runaway. 
 Do I need to go talk to her? 
 Well, you know Pipp. She'll talk when she talks. 
 But I've got my eye on her. 
 Who's got their eye on  you? 
 Have you chosen a cardiologist yet? 
 I'm working on it. 
 What's that supposed to mean... You're working on it? 
 H-hey, Pipp... 
 What is there to work on? 
 Did you want to take a look at the craftsmanship of my... 
 Beaumont Jr., you come back here. 
 Beaumont! 
 [Laughs] 
 Remember the night I gave you the mani-pedi? 
 Uh, you think I don't? You were 8 years old. 
 I had that big date with Brandi. 
 And then you held that fingernail Polish remover hostage. 
 Well, if you had paid the ransom, you wouldn't have had to wear Barbie blue or fangirl pink on your date. 
 She dumped me that night. 
 Is this the pink? Is this it right here? 
 That is dump me pink, yes. 
 Wow. 
 I'mma tell you, I did you a favor. 
 Got rid of that tramp. [Laughs] 
 Here is the diary. 
 Pippy : ♪  thought that I would stress without you  ♪ 
♪  But I'm chillin'  ♪ 
 Woman : ♪  thought I wouldn't sell without you  ♪ 
 Together : ♪  sold a million  ♪ 
♪  I'm a survivor  ♪ 
♪  what?  ♪ 
 Oh! 
 ♪  I'm not gonna give up  ♪ 
♪  I'm not gonna stop  ♪ 
♪  what?  ♪ 
♪  I'm gonna work harder  ♪ 
 Who's the girl singing with you? 
 Oh, that is my partner in crime, Cassie. 
 Aw. I met her when I was on the lam. 
 I mean, me and her... we would sing any and everywhere for tips, like... waa! 
 It sounds like you guys had fun together. 
 [ Laughter ] 
 I'm sorry. I know you guys were worried sick. 
 But listen... 
 Life on the streets wasn't all that bad. 
 Well, Cassie made sure nothing bad happened to me, and on a daily basis, she told me, "get your ass home." 
 [Chuckles] 
 And eventually, you listened. 
 Something like that. 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 Oh! TMI comes through on the clutch. 
 Got to go. 
 All right. 
 Villa : Could agree to disagree. 
 I think that's what we'll have to do. 
 Then we'll work it out. 
 Sure. 
 Rosie. 
 Hey. 
 This is Martinez, my new partner. 
 What?! Big news, big news. 
 Welcome to the fold. I'm... 
 I know who you are, Dr. Rosewood. 
 You should have a visitor's badge. 
 My pocket square is my badge. 
 I'll get you a badge. 
 Villa, you know I love people... 
 But that's not people, right? 
 No. Cap thinks he's Clay I can mold, but this guy's made of stone. 
 Wait a second. What... what are you doing here? 
 Listen, I think I know at least one place Jane Doe was before she died, but I need to test my theory. 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 I've lost track of how many regulations we're breaking. 
 Handcuff neuropathy. 
 What? 
 Handcuff neuropat-hey! I like the sound of that. 
 Jane Doe had MRSA. It's a staph infection passed between people living in close quarters. 
 Six... we're breaking six regulations and counting. 
 Please make it stop. 
 If I could make it stop, we wouldn't be standing here. 
 Jane Doe was homeless. 
 She probably got MRSA from a shelter. 
 I'd agree if it weren't for the handcuff neuropat-hey! 
 She has damage to the superficial radial nerve on both hands at the same spot. 
 Jane Doe was arrested. 
 Exactly. 
 The handcuffs were put on too tight. 
 Pinched nerves in both wrists. 
 And then she's put in a holding cell where she could have picked up MRSA. 
 Which is what I'm testing for now. 
 Brilliant deduction, Dr. Rosewood. 
 I thought so. 
 Don't do that. 
 Encouraging him only makes it worse. 
 Here. Watch this. 
 Rosie, it's a long shot. 
 [Tablet beeps] 
 Well, our long shot just turned into a sure thing. 
 [Sighs] 
 See, the trauma to Jane Doe's wrist placed her in police custody. 
 The MRSA bacteria I found in this cell places her in this precinct. 
 How many Rosewoods does it take to solve a murder investigation? 
 Not a joke. It's a legitimate question. 
 All right, so, I used to hang out here a lot, back when I ran away. 
 Jane Doe spent time here, too. 
 She was actually arrested for panhandling with some other kids. 
 I guess, then, the promenade is still the go-to spot. 
 You know, there's a lot of people to bum from, places to sleep. 
 I guess some things never change. 
 And some things need to change, like your driving. 
 You ran a red light. 
 No, I gracefully coasted through one yellow that... 
 That was actually red. 
 This sounds a lot like walking and talking with mom and dad. 
 Yeah, you do sound like my mom and dad. 
 I can't be both your mom and your dad. 
 You have to take responsibility for one. 
 How do you two get anything done? 
 Very carefully. 
 Rosewood :  Pipp, you ready to come home? 
 Pippy :  No. I'm just checking on you. 
 Then promise me something. 
 I want you to be at that pay phone every day at this time. 
 I'm gonna call you. 
 Okay. I promise. 
 Remember sibling code number four? 
 If you make a promise, you keep the promise. 
 I'll be here. Hey. Where'd you go just now? Uh, doesn't matter. Oscar, do you know either one of these girls? Yeah, that's... That's Alice. And the other one... That's Kira. We hang out at the promenade together. T-they're like best friends. Do you know where Kira is now? No. Maybe she took Alice to, like, a clinic or something. She wasn't looking too good. Your symptoms tell me you're not feeling too good. Do you think this is a byproduct of MRSA or him being homeless? My gut tells me something else. Well, if that "something else" is what caused Alice's death, Oscar's in trouble. We need to get him to the hospital and fast. Oscar is negativ for MRSA. The doctors are running more tests to figure out what's making him sick. Kira could be sick like Oscar or a murder victim like Alice. Yeah. You know, I'm gonna take another look at the body. Maybe what killed Alice can be the key to saving Oscar and finding Kira. Absolutely. Thank you, sir. Detective Villa, I've spoken with Captain Hornstock. Pursuant to article 59, I'm informing you of my desire to dissolve our partnership. After four hours? You couldn't wait until we got back to the precinct? Immediate disclosure. [Scoffs] Article 59 is very clear. I'll be in the car. Why do I feel like I just got dumped? Come on, it's not you, Villa. It's... it's him. Don't do that. No, no. If you need a shoulder to cry on, I got your back. That's not funny. This is not funny. My shoulder shop is open 24/7. That's all I'm saying. Whoa, whoa. Excuse me. You're a doctor? And according to your billboard, so are you. Your patients come to you after their heart stops beating, and my patients come to me so they don't have to come to you. You're a cardiologist. I am. And, just your luck, I have room for one more patient. What makes you think that I need you? I have a way with people. I can see things they wish I didn't. Hmm. Well, I've mastered that, so you're not gonna have your way with me. Well, you do a pretty good job of hiding it, but I can tell you're fatigued. You have good eyes. And you have quickened respirations. It doesn't mean I need a cardiologist. Add rapid, irregular heartbeat, and you get atrial fibrillation. But I assume you know that already. The real question is, why hasn't your cardiologist made you do something about it? One outpatient procedure would get your heart back into normal rhythm. Are you serious? Doctor, hire yourself a doctor. I've looked at every cardiologist in Miami and haven't found the right fit. Well, obviously, you did that before I moved to town, so let me save you the trouble. I'm the right fit. Call me. I accept that there are things that we don't know about each other, but let's just put it all out on the table. I think the table's pretty full. That is why I will start. Um, okay, so, a couple weeks ago, I hit a parked car, and I did not leave a note for, I don't know, 30 minutes. And then I did go back, and I left a very wordy apology. But for those 30 minutes, like, I was a legit criminal. It felt good. Tee, this isn't working. Okay. My bad. I started with the wrong story. Let me think of another one. Rosewood : Are you guys done talking to each other in hushed tones? Yes, definitely. Okay. All right, now, since all of our tests were busts, we got creative in the way we searched for clues. Mm. The maggots found in Alice's body had meth in their system. Which means, at one point, so did she. So our homeless girl was an addict. Well, she could have been a user or a dealer. We still have to run some more tests. What about Oscar? The E.R. didn't find any meth in his system. That must have been a mistake. His symptoms definitely fit meth exposure. I'm gonna catch up with Villa. We have a drug dealer to find. All right, well, I am gonna head back to the house before mom sells all of my things. And I will not do either of those things, but I will stay right here. This new case of yours has got me thinking about that time... You know, those months you were away. Mm. Is that Cassie? Yes, this is Cassie. It's like you have our lives on a wiretap. No need. Y'all are just loud. Plain and simple. Give me that. [Laughs] [Chuckles] This Cassie... She... she kept you safe? Yeah, and sane, coming out at 15. [Sighs] But, you know, she'd already been there, done that. She was my cheerleader. Go, team Pippy. [Laughs] Yes. Well, I seem to remember other members of team Pippy at that time. So, I am just gonna take my box... Pipp, no, no, no. Wait, wait. No. If there's something you want to say, go ahead and say it, baby. Dad, uh, Rosie... They were team Pippy. In fact, oh, my gosh, they were all-stars. Okay, and what was I... Sitting on the bench? No, mom, you weren't even on the team. 'Cause you didn't want to be? Your coming out was a surprise, but once the shock wore off, I was... You still hated that your little girl liked girls. Pippy, I've never done anything but support your choice. Wow! Is it that you just don't remember, or are you intentionally rewriting history? Fact check, mom... You support me now. You definitely didn't then. Don't you dare stand there and say that I've done anything but love you. I know you loved me. That's why your words... They hurt me so much. "I won't allow it. How dare you do this to me?" That doesn't sound like me. But it was you! It was you. And just because we're good now, you don't get to remix this and pretend that it never happened. 
 
 How's Villa doing with this scumbag? Great. You know, it never gets old, watching her do her thing. I can see why you stood up for her. Listen, I'm sorry about the chief job, Cap. Eh, don't be sorry. I'm a patient man. I'll get those chief stars, and it won't be on my friend's back. You know, I get the whole Villa partner thing. I mean, I really do, but did you ever think that Villa is just a lone-wolf type that likes moonlighting with a pathologist from time to time? [Chuckles] A lone wolf is exactly what Villa is. That's why you two probably get along so well, because for all your rosiness, you're a lone wolf, too. Villa :  I've interrogated a lot of drug dealers, but you take the cake. Look, I don't know what you've heard, but all my businesses are legit. Get ready for the confetti to start coming down from the ceiling, because you are the 1,000th person to say that in here. Congrats! All right, fine. I know Alice and Kira. Everybody around the promenade does. They got a reputation. But they didn't work for me. Use more words, Nolan. They were thieves. They'll steal anything that isn't nailed down. You want to know who killed Alice? Start with the people they stole from. Look, I'll grab Feldheim, canvass the promenade, make a list of anyone Alice and Kira stole from. I don't think these girls were criminals. I mean, even if they did steal something, it's probably what they needed to survive. Do you know what I want for Christmas? Well, it depends on which day. Three French hens, two turtledoves, or ♪ a partridge in a pear tree ♪ I want you to not get emotionally involved in a case. Look, I know when you think about these girls, you see Pippy and all the stuff she had to do to survive. No, no. That's not it. Okay, maybe there's a hint of that, but doesn't mean I'm wrong. Let's go talk to Oscar. Makes sense. I'll set it up with social services. They're looking after him now. Whoa, whoa. "Makes sense"? You're messing up the routine, okay? I propose something, you shoot it down, I make a convincing argument. Well, having Martinez around made me see that, you know, having a partner isn't the end of the world. So I'm taking your advice. I'm being open and collaborative, gearing up for the next partner. You should be happy. [Keyboard clacking] If you feel like talking about Mrs. D, I'm here. It might be therapeutic. Nope, it won't, 'cause I'm good. Uncle Henry, uh, sent me a subscription to a medical sales magazine. Well, we've established your family's weird. He did that because he thought it might help my medical sales career. Oh, right. I forgot. According to your mom, you're in medical sales and you just got out of a relationship with a physical therapist. Listen. My mom isn't lying to people, okay? She's swimming in denial about what she said and what she did. That is my point. My... my mom lies to everyone because I just disappoint her. You know, your mom lies to herself 'cause she's disappointed in... In herself. It can't be easy for your mom to know that once upon a time, she shared similarities with... my mom. Ew! That cannot be easy. [Laughs] Look at my baby, dropping knowledge. Excuse me. Um, I'm looking for the room of Oscar Diaz. I'm Dr... Beaumont Rosewood Jr. So you can stop by my hospital, but you can't pick up the phone and call. I don't give my card out to just anyone. I'm the best at what I do, and when the best offers to help you, you accept. I expected to hear from you by now. But it doesn't surprise me, because I know doctors like you... So arrogant that they treat themselves. You're not God. You're tin man. I can't get you a new heart, but I can help you maintain the one that you have. Why me? If you're as good as you say, then you don't need the patients. Because I know the work that you do and how it helps people. And despite your shortcomings, you're a good person, and my code dictates that I help good people. Hmm. There you go. Did you check your voice-mail? No. Oh, I'll just tell you what it says. It says, "Hi, Dr. Kincaid. I don't usually do this, but you know what? Let's give it a try. Let's set up an appointment. The sooner, the better." Hmm. Well, it still took too long to call. I'll have my office contact your office. I look forward to it. Great. Doctor. Doctor. Lady, I told you, I don't know about Kira and Alice doing stuff, so just leave me alone. Come on, kid. I can see it in your face. You're hiding something. I don't talk to cops who are all up in my space about my friends doing stuff. [Sighs] Kid, kid, this is me being nice, okay? You don't want me up in your space! Villa, Villa, Villa. What are you doing? What? What are you doing? Bad cop, good cop... That's our thing. I'm waiting on you to "Rosewood" this kid. No, you don't wait on me to "Rosewood" anybody, okay? You start, I interfere. That's how we roll. Well, let's roll in the other direction, see how it works. No, no. It's not working right. This is off, okay? We have a thing that works. Don't change it. Well, okay, just talk to the kid, okay? [Sighs] Oscar... You know, my sister lived on the streets when she was your age. Let me tell you, there was not a day that went by that I wasn't scared I'd never see her again. I don't want that for Kira's family. Someone hurt Alice, and Kira could be next. We need you on this one, Oscar. Kira and Alice did steal stuff, okay, but they... they only did it to help out other kids. Just gave most of it away. They must have racked up a lot of loot, stashed it somewhere. Abandoned house on Ocean and Lennox. Thank you, Oscar. Nicely done. Thank you. That's how you "Rosewood" somebody. What... What are you talking about? This is how we normally do things. No, no. We have... [Sighs] So, figured out the partner thing. Yeah? Found a loophole that says I can hire you as a consultant and check the partner box. Just have to take a few online courses and a test. Oh, that's it... So just some online classes and some tests and all of my free time. Okay, not gonna happen. Any other details? You'll have to ride in my car twice a week, and there's a dress code. This is probably gonna sound rehearsed because... It is, but I can only be driven in the yellow queen of '69. Yeah, that sounded weird. And, you know, my cocoa-butter skin doesn't marry well with polyester. I was born in a tailored sport coat with a pocket square to match. That's just the way it is. Why are you fighting me on this? Villa, come on, now. Our relationship cannot be defined by society's standards, okay? It can't. You're a detective with a gun and a beat-up, blue car. Me, I'm a Maverick in a sexy gto with some killer threads. See? The bottom line is I like what we have, okay? I show up where you are, you get annoyed, tell me to hang back. It's kind of endearing. Stop talking. [Sniffs] It smells weird in here. Yeah, what is that? I don't know. Hang here while... See? See? It was endearing that time. It's just... I said stay there. No. I'm coming. You don't listen. Jackpot. Alice and Kira were definitely squatting here. One of us should hang here and see if Kira comes back. [Woman moans in distance] Maybe she's already here. She's alive, but not for long. [Cellphone beeps] You're gonna be okay, sweetie. So, why did you summon us down here? We should be at the hospital with our daughter. That's debatable, because the way I see it, one or both of you might be responsible for Kira's condition. What are you talking about? I'm glad you asked. Two things about the house Kira was found in... One, it was used as a meth lab. Our techs say the fumes from the meth contaminated Alice and Kira's food and clothes. That's why Kira and her friend Oscar are sick. Two, the house belongs to you. We don't know anything about a meth lab. We... we bought the house for doing some renovations, fell behind in the payments. I mean, the bank was gonna take it in the next couple of months. Now, if you can just drop the act, okay? You either ran a drug business from your rental property  or you know who did. So which is it? I'll pull up their account, see if I can find a financial lead. Okay, I'll talk to the neighbors, co-workers, that kind of thing. That kind of thing is my kind of thing. Online courses and a dress code would make it your kind of thing. Oh, okay. It's like that, huh? Oh, you tell me, Maverick. Oh, no. Don't go calling my good stuff again, okay? Look, and stop changing things up. We can't be the yin and the Yang if we're both a Yang. What is it with you? I'm being open and collaborative like you want. I'm trying to be a better partner, and you're giving me grief. Okay, be open, and be collaborative, okay, but just not with me. Our juice lies in the friction. Oh, you know what? I get it. I-I know what's going on. You're all for us being partners as long as it's on your terms. Otherwise, someone gets uncomfy. Okay, you know what? That's not right. And for the record, I'm always comfy. So tell me what's going on. Right. Here's what I know. I have never been good at fitting into anyone's box, and I'm not gonna start. Hello. Hey, babe. Earlier, I asked you a question. Do you not remember, or are you intentionally rewriting history? It's both. You don't remember on purpose because you hate the woman you were when I came out. Mom, I forgive you, and it's time for you to forgive yourself. Come on, put your guilt in this little toss pile. It's just I always focused on how I felt. I never once thought about what it must have been like for you back then. It felt like I'd failed you and that I was just so afraid for you because I knew you were painting a target on your back. And then it broke my heart because I realized I was the first one to take aim. I'm really sorry about that. Thank you. I would talk to, uh, Cassie about you a lot, and despite what went down, she always said that you were one of the good moms and eventually, you'd come around and accept me. Yeah. "She will accept me because she loves me." Cassie used to make me chant that. It was annoying, but it worked. That's what kept me going. Yeah, well, I'd like to meet this Cassie. It's never too late to say thank you. Yeah, I don't know what happened to her, and that bugs me. But Cassie was right. You're a good mom. You really are. It doesn't matter how you start. It's all about how you finish. And, Donna Rosewood, you finished strong. And I love you. Aww. Can I add to this joy fest? Mm! Mm. I found a cardiologist. [Gasps] [Laughs] And you have delivered this wonderful news without gritting your teeth. Now, that's progress. Scale from 1 to 10, how hot is she? Oh, wow. Really, Pipp? Now, what makes you think my doctor is a she? It's implied. Notice he hasn't given us her number? [Laughs] Uh-huh. No, it's not like that. It's not like that. Let's just say she's a talented physician. Ooh! Ooh! Talented... that's a 9. [Laughs] That's "code" for 9. That's a 9. Oh, okay. And, also, I just wanted to let you guys know that... my heart isn't beating normally, and it's not a big deal. I scheduled an outpatient procedure to fix it. And I suppose you're gonna wait until this case is over before you got that done? No, I am not. My appointment is tomorrow. Say what? Yeah, say what? See? Right when you think you got me pegged, I switch it up on you a little bit. Okay. Mm-hmm. [Door closes] [Door opens] Doctor. Doctor. Don't be weird. [Door closes] I'm not weird. I'm just sitting here. Weirdly. I can break down your body language, but it will be quicker if you just accept that I'm right. So just say it. It's how you're feeling, so get it out of the way. Okay. I don't trust doctors. See? Don't you feel better? I know this is big, but you'll see that I'm worthy of your trust. I know you understand the procedure, but I still have to do the spiel. So I promise you it will be two things... Annoying and brief. Understood. Okay. Electrical cardioversion gets your heart back to normal sinus rhythm. We'll shoot low-voltage, electric currents through paddles applied to the chest wall. I'm sorry. I have to go. You got to be kidding me. I'm not avoiding this. I just figured out how our victim died. Oh, okay. [Door opens] Well... Good luck. [Engine revving] Petechiae... Little, red spots that form where the capillaries burst. They're caused by low-voltage electrocution, which don't leave visible marks on the body. The electrical wires from the back room. Alice died at the abandoned house. Okay, that's how and where she died, but we still have to find her killer. Well, now that we know the crime scene, that should be a lot easier. Your dedication to the Barretts... I want to make you a consultant, have you come and help on some cases. You have to take a few classes, but a gem like you? Oh, piece of cake. I knew you were the right guy for this. I got an application right here. Got to be honest, the pay is in the toilet, but, uh, the extra dough is extra dough, right? You speak the truth. The extra dough. Yeah. Is that why you took the Barretts for a ride? [Chuckles] I don't get your drift. Well, they hired you to find their daughter, and you did, a month ago. But you kept quiet because the money was good. I had no idea where Kira was. Captain, what's, uh... What's going on here? What's going on here is that I'm about to bust you for murder. Security cameras got your car outside the abandoned house. That rash on the palm of your hand is from a staph infection called MRSA. And guess who else had it? Alice. Bacteria has a genetic code. Weird, right? We tested Alice's MRSA. Now we're testing yours. [Tablet beeping] Hornstock : Do you think we'll find a match? I do. Me, too. I think you got MRSA from Alice when you dragged her body in the woods. And it's a match. Now is the time you start talking. [Sighs] Fine. I wanted to keep taking the money, but I felt bad. So after I found the girls, I would go back, you know, check in on them. One night, I get into the house, and I don't see Kira, but I see Alice walking around in a daze. She stumbled, grabbed onto an electrical wire, and the next thing I know, she was dead. I didn't kill her. Yeah, but instead of calling it in, you dragged her body in the woods. Those girls were in that house, exposed to meth, for over a month! If you called it in, Alice might still be alive! You're on the hook for at least a manslaughter, and I'm gonna make sure I'm there when they throw the book at you. Get this guy out of my face. Uh-oh. Quiet. Not sure if I should run because trouble is coming or if I should take cover because trouble's already here. Neither. I'm good. Adult Pippy is good. Good. Now, that 15-year-old Pippy... Phew. That girl had troubles. [Laughs] She thought she was ignored by her parents and was struggling with her sexuality. And that, by the way, is why she ran away, not because of you. So if you blame yourself, stop. You're not the reason I ran away. You're actually the reason I came back. Do you remember our daily phone calls? Oh, yeah, I do. Those calls meant the world to me. Aww. Me, too. So much so that when you missed one of our calls, I waited maybe three or four hours for you. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I don't even remember when it was that... It's all good. I'm not mad. I was scared because I knew the only reason you would have missed a call is if something really bad happened. With you in and out of the hospital, I was afraid that maybe you had... had died, and I didn't get a chance to say goodbye. And so I had to figure out what happened, and I made the only choice there was to make. Then you came home. Then I came home. [Cellphone chimes, buzzes] Oh, goodness. How did Captain Hornstock get my number? Why does he want to take me out to lunch? I don't know. Why don't you find out? [Scoffs] Damn straight I will. I like to eat, especially free. Free meal on the way. [Siren wails in distance] Hornstock : Well, we found Alice's parents, they seem like good, hardworking people. That's great. Wow. Uh, but you could have texted that to me. I mean, the two of us having lunch... Come on. Who's dying? [Laughs] I hope it's not me, 'cause lord knows the world can use so much more Pippy. All right, zip it, wiseass. I'm trying to do something here. Uh, so, this... So, this whole lesbian thing... I assume that the learning curve is pretty steep. Yeah, with some twists and turns, and it kind of takes a nosedive at the end. Well, Rosie told me about Cassie. I don't want to get too personal with the particulars, but she was kind of like your, um... your Obi-Wan? My hootie what? I like "Star Wars." So what? [Laughs] [Sighs] Cassie... she helped me make sense of who I was. And then she taught me how to stay true to that. I owe her a lot. Well, we don't get too many Cassies in life, so when we find one, we should hold on to them. Yeah. So hold on to her this time. Hmm? That's her. That's Cassie. I think she owns the joint. H-h-how did... Trust me, you don't want me getting too personal with the particulars, so stop yapping with me and get on over there. [Breathes deeply] Thank you. H-hi. Hi. Ro... Rosie, I didn't know you were coming. Yeah, where I'd be is exactly what you knew. You're not slick. But, you know, you were right about one thing... About me wanting our partnership to be my way. You want to tell me why? Well, it's our... our yin and our Yang. It challenges me, makes me feel alive. And I need every minute of it. I guess I was afraid that we'd lose that spark. Well, I wouldn't call it a spark. Okay, well, I'll take flicker or glint or flash. [Chuckles, sighs] My partner search is on ice anyway. Cap said we shouldn't force it until we have to. Fine by me. You and Cap... You're the only partners I need. And I agree... We're good just the way we are. Hey, you find a new doctor yet? Uh, actually, yeah, I sure did. Yeah, but she's, uh... You know, she's talented, she's passionate. A bit intrusive, kind of a know-it-all, but... Oh, so she's your Rosewood? I guess so. Are we gonna run or what? Gonna run, Let's go. Let's do it. You ready to do this? If by "this," you mean leaving you in my dust, then yep. Ha. Okay. All right. Say the word. Word. What? No! Hey! [Laughs] What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up?! I got you, I got you! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 