Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Hydrocephalus & Hard Knocks - Rosewood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Hydrocephalus & Hard Knocks https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=443&t=26213 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/24/16 04:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Hydrocephalus & Hard Knocks 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Missy Elliott's "WTF" plays] 
 [Indistinct chatter] 
 ♪ shawty, what? ♪ 
♪ The dance that you're doing is dumb ♪ 
♪ How they do where you from? ♪ 
♪ Triflin' ♪ 
♪ Stickin' out your tongue, girl ♪ 
♪ But you know you're too young ♪ 
♪ A bunch of girls do it and the... Look fun ♪ 
 Mnh! 
 ♪ that's how they do it where we from ♪ 
 Here we go! Holly! Holly! 
 Oh, come on. Just one pic! 
 You look good! 
 Okay, guys. 
 You know I love you, but I need one night of peace. 
 Come on. 
 No problem. 
 You know what? We'll talk later. 
 ♪ Drop down like you in the matrix ♪ 
♪ Can't take it, them chicks been fakin' ♪ 
 I just don't understand how you can you hear this music and not feel it in your soul. 
 I mean, not a head Bob, not a shoulder shake, nothing. 
 Remind me again why I agreed to be dragged out on a school night. 
 Because I needed a wingman. 
 I mean, you're recently single. 
 I'm trying to stay single. 
 Wait. What do you mean, you're trying to stay single? 
 Well, you know, I'm trying to fight this little attraction to my new cardiologist, so I'm just keeping a little distance. 
 Oh, oh, just remember, when prioritizing organs, your heart needs her more than little Rosie does. 
 Okay, well, you just remember there's nothing little about Rosie. 
 What up, good people? 
 [Crowd cheers] 
 Oh, my God, you dragged me to a Joo-Joo party? 
 They're the best parties in town. 
 Where else am I gonna take you? 
 R-Rosie, I'm a cop. He's a... 
 An entrepreneur, okay? 
 Just relax. Everything's gonna be fine. 
 We're here to celebrate the anniversary of two of Miami's finest, cleaning up these streets, sometimes unnecessarily, but, hey, even the po-po got to eat, too, right? 
 Please tell me he's not talking about us. 
 Happy anniversary, partner. 
 What anniversary? 
 Our 9 1/2-month anniversary. 
 That's not a thing! 
 No, it's a new thing that's catching fire! 
 Raise your cocky-tails up for my dawgs... 
 Rosie and Villa. 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 Thank y'all. I appreciate y'all. 
 Appreciate all y'all. Appreciate you guys. 
 All right. 
 Wow, wow, you... You aren't even capable of letting loose and just enjoying this. 
 You know what? I can get pretty loose. 
 Yeah? Okay. Well, I'll believe that when I see it. 
 Ah, you watch. Uh, excuse me. 
 Two baltic murder mysteries, please. 
 It's cassis, lemon-lime soda, and some vodka. 
 It's deliciousness in a glass. 
 Well, it sounds like diabetes in a glass. 
 All right, party people, coming to the stage is my girl, the ridiculously, gorgeously talented Natalie La Rose! 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 [Natalie La Rose's "Somebody" plays] 
 Keep them coming! Come on. Let's dance. 
 Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. 
 ♪ I wanna leave with somebody ♪ 
 Come on. 
 ♪ Come on ♪ 
♪ And we ain't gotta tell nobody ♪ 
♪ We ain't gotta tell nobody ♪ 
♪ nobody ♪ 
♪ Why can't everybody know what's good? ♪ 
♪ 'Cause some gonna hate what's new ♪ 
♪ And at the end of the night when the lights go out ♪ 
♪ Will we turn down? ♪ 
♪ Oh, no, we won't ♪ 
♪ We ain't never turn down ♪ 
♪ We ain't never turn down ♪ 
♪ And when they try to make us leave ♪ 
♪ We turn and say we never going home ♪ 
 Oh, no. Just come on. 
 Yes. I got it. 
 You need to drink a lot of water, okay, like a gallon of water. [Chuckles] 
 Boom! 
 Tonight on the "lifestyles of the not-so-rich and the not-so-famous." 
 What is this? 
 This is the new casa Villa. 
 This is  mi casa!  [Chuckles] 
 Surprise! 
 Ah. 
 Isn't it amazing? 
 Well, you know, I can think of a lot of words to describe your new place. 
 Yeah, no, "amazing" is definitely not one of them. 
 Where's your rainbow prism? 
 You always see the beauty and potential in everything. 
 Just close your eyes. Just see the potential. 
 Okay. 
 [Siren wailing] Oh... No. I still can't see it. 
 Look, Villa... go ahead and get some rest. 
 No! No! No, no. 
 No. I'm not tired, and you're not leaving, okay? 
 Look, I finish nights out with a movie. 
 It's tradition. 
 Really? 
 Yeah. No. 
 But check out the selection... "Kill Bill 1" and "2," "El Mariachi," "Fight Club," and... sch!... "Rambo"! What?! 
 We have to have a serious conversation about your choice in movies. 
 Yeah. 
 No "Coming to America," no "Love & Basketball"? 
 "The Incredibles"... That's a movie. 
 I like movies where people kick ass, okay? 
 And "The Incredibles"? Really? 
 Excuse you. 
 Plenty of ass-kicking in "The Incredibles," thank you. 
 The baby... tons of ass... Kicks tons of ass. 
 [Chuckles] What are you doing? 
 I'm making you the anti-baltic murder mystery to help you with that hangover you're gonna have. 
 Good luck. 
 I haven't gotten around to buying food or drinks yet. 
 [Pops lips] Pick one. Pick. Just pick... 
 Look, you go ahead and pick it because you're gonna be snoring by the time the opening credits come out anyway. 
 I do not snore. 
 In fact, I've been told I'm very angelic when I sleep. 
 Mmm. 
 Wh-wh... be careful. Be careful. 
 No, Villa... 
 [singsong voice] I have to drink it! 
 No, no, no. Let's just jump! Let's just jump! 
 No. I haven't jumped since my kris kross days. No. 
 [Snoring] 
 Mmm. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 [Sighs heavily] 
 [Waves crashing in distance] 
 Mmm. 
 [Groaning lightly] 
 [Birds chirping] 
 What the... 
 Oh, snap. 
 Uh, my chick did not pre-approve you. 
 You gots to go. [Chuckles] 
 Holly. Holly. 
 Come on. Get up, girl. 
 Holly? 
 Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
 Holly. 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 [Keypad beeps] 
 [Cellphone ringing, vibrating] 
 [Keypad beeps] 
 Joo-Joo? 
 Rosie, man, I need your help now. 
 Okay. Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down. 
 Slow down. What's going on? 
 Matters of life and death. 
 Just come to the... um, uh, the Roundtree Hotel, room 417. 
 And I'm-a need you to put some gas in them shoes, Rosie. Gas! 
 Got it. Got it. Okay. I got it. Got it. 
 I got to go. Joo-Joo's in trouble. 
 What kind of trouble? 
 I don't know. He sounded shaken. 
 He's still at the hotel. 
 Oh. I'll go. 
 I'll go with you. I left my car there last night. 
 Wait a minute. Were you... 
 Did you sleep on the floor all night? 
 Yeah. Best sleep I've had in weeks. 
 Well, look at us... 
 Already slumber party numero dos. 
 If the next thing out of your mouth contains the letters "b," "f," and "f," 
 I'll shoot you where you stand. 
 Okay. 
 Joo-Joo, what happened? 
 I don't know, man. I swear to God I don't know. 
 What do you mean, you don't know? A girl is dead. 
 Her name is Holly. 
 Livor mortis is unfixed. 
 Holly's been dead less than eight hours. 
 Joo-Joo, did you and Holly leave your party together last night? 
 How'd you know we had a party? 
 Are you kidding? 
 We were at the party. 
 Remember the big toast, the anniversary? 
 Look, I don't know what game y'all are playing, but I don't remember none of that. 
 Have a seat. 
 What's the last thing you remember? 
 Setting up the drinks for the party, then nothing. 
 Ahh. 
 What's this? 
 I woke up on the floor near that table. 
 Maybe I hit my head on that. 
 Or maybe someone knocked you out. 
 Or maybe Holly hit you trying to escape. 
 What?! See, man? 
 This is why you should have left her in the car! 
 Oh, hold up. What you doing? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 I'm calling this in! 
 Look, just... just... just... 
 No calls. 
 Do you know what happens to a black man found in bed with a dead white girl? 
 Would it make a difference if you found were in bed with a dead black girl? 
 The goal should be to not be in bed with any dead girl. 
 True that. But real talk... 
 A Holly get a black man 20 to life. 
 A  Halle  get him like 15 to 20 with good behavior. 
 Rosewood : Joo-Joo... [Scoffs] 
 This is the time you should really stop talking. 
 I hear that. 
 Don't worry. 
 We'll figure it out. 
 This is Detective Villa. 
 I need assistance at the Roundtree Hotel. 
 We're gonna need a body bag. 
 S01E14 
Hydrocephalus & Hard Knocks 
 I ain't got all day, Joo-Joo, all right? 
 [Doors close] 
 Maybe you could tell me a story I could actually believe this time. 
 How many times I got to say this? 
 I can't tell you what I don't know. 
 Did you guys party too hard? 
 Hey, Joo-Joo, if this was an accident, we can help you. 
 The way mark fuhrman helped o.J.? 
 You and Holly... You have relations? 
 I mean, is that what this is all about? 
 We were friends. 
 It started off as a business thing. 
 So, you paid her for s*x? 
 Oh, easy, now. 
 Joo-Joo ain't never paid no one for the loving. 
 [Scoffs] Look at this. 
 Focus, Joo-Joo. What... what kind of business? 
 I'd pay her to be a V.I.P. host at my events. 
 She was my biggest cash magnet. 
 I'd have to be a fool to kill her. 
 Well, you obviously got violent with somebody last night, so quit playing games and tell us who. 
 I had higher hopes for you, "Jo-Jo." 
 I thought you were smarter than this. 
 [Door opens] 
 "Joo-Joo." [Door closes] 
 It's "Joo-Joo." [Scoffs] 
 [Chuckles] Trying to confuse me coming through different doors like this is some type of French farce or something. 
 Rosewood : This is Joo-Joo's blood. 
 I need you to run a full tox screen on it. 
 I believe someone may have given him something last night, causing his memory loss. 
 I can't believe Holly Keaton's dead. 
 Were you a fan? 
 I mean, not of the fact that she was basically famous for being famous. 
 Pippy : Do you know she gets paid $25,000 an event just to appear? 
 I mean, I am in the wrong line of work. 
 But unlike any other reality star, she actually uses her powers for good. 
 She launched a foundation to help homeless kids make it to college, and that I'm definitely a fan of. 
 Shallow lacerations in the inner surfaces. 
 This is new. 
 Delayed bruising around her mouth and nose. 
 Suffocation? 
 More than likely. 
 We need to get oral and nasal swabbings, see if the killer left any residue behind. 
 Okay. [Intercom buzzing] 
 TMI : Oh, my gosh. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. Excuse me. 
 That's... that's... That's her mother. 
 What? 
 Come here. 
 What? 
 [Stammers] 
 [Birds chirping] 
 [Door closes] 
 What's the, uh, appropriate greeting in a situation like this? 
 It's been so long. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Mm. 
 Oh, my darling. 
 [Sniffles] 
 I've missed you. 
 [Inhales deeply] 
 Is that, um... 
 Oh, yeah, it is. Yeah. 
 We probably should move this way. 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 Is there a reason you're hiding down here with me instead of up there with your fiancée and her mother? 
 What? No. I mean, trust me. 
 I-I-I would love to be up there, but, you know, this is a big moment for them, so it should be their moment. 
 And Mrs. Izikoff scares you. 
 And Mrs. Izikoff scares me. 
 Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's what I thought. 
 [Speaking indistinctly] Huh? 
 Pippy : Shh. 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 There was nothing illegal in Joo-Joo's system, just a lot of vitamins and supplements. 
 Oh, well, which explains his ridiculously amazing body. 
 Hubba-hubba. [Chuckles] 
 I'm gay. I'm not blind, just so you know. 
 Pip. 
 What? 
 No. I don't want to. 
 You know, why don't we go someplace and talk, maybe grab an early lunch? 
 Oh, I can't. 
 I can't. I'm working. 
 I'm sure your work could wait. 
 Mom, do you know what I do here? 
 I help Rosie catch murderers... 
 No big deal... And put away bad guys. 
 I-I didn't mean to imply... You know what? 
 Let... let's start again, okay? 
 How about dinner? 
 Actually, Pippy and I have dinner plans, and... 
 Kind of a really big deal. 
 Tara... I'm really trying here. 
 I am, too. 
 Hey, don't worry about our plans, babe. 
 Come on. Dinner with your mom is more important. 
 It's good to see you again, Mrs. Izikoff. 
 You too, Pippy. 
 Uh, well, if that is settled, I will let you get back to your... work, and I will see you tonight. 
 Uh, 7:30? 
 Where should we go? 
 Dauphin? 
 Dauphin. 
 Oui? TrÃ¨s bien. 
 Oui. Okay. 
 Mnh. 
 Did that just happen? 
 [Door closes] Yeah. 
 I cannot believe that that just happened. 
 Cause of death is suffocation. 
 The lack of latex and nitrile residue around the mouth and the nose means the killer likely used their bare hands. 
 So, not premeditated. 
 I'm still a little concerned about this new place you're choosing to call home. 
 Then it's a good thing you're not the one living there. 
 How'd you find it? 
 It's none of your business. 
 Well, I'm concerned for a friend, so I'm making it my business. 
 And plus, we snuggle-bugged last night, so you can at least tell me how you found your place. 
 We did not snuggle-bug last... 
 Oh, no, no, we really did. 
 We did snuggle-bug, and I got to say, you are like a top-10 snuggle-bugger. 
 If it wasn't for that loud snoring, you might make your way up to the number-one spot. 
 I did not sleep... 
 You slept like an angel. 
 Whatever. 
 I found my place while working a case. 
 It's a crime scene, isn't it? You know what? I knew... 
 I thought I saw a bullet hole in the wall. 
 Yeah, some moron was cleaning his gun and shot himself in the shoulder. 
 You need to find another place. 
 What are you still doing here? 
 Joo-Joo's tox came back clean. 
 Now, I believe he doesn't remember. 
 I just don't have a scientific reason yet. 
 Got to talk to Hornstock. 
 Okay. Do me a favor... 
 Uh, never say "snuggle-bug" again. 
 What? You want me to release my primary suspect in a murder investigation? 
 Cap, you know there's no love lost between me and Joo-Joo. 
 Even I believe he doesn't remember. 
 Joo-Joo's a lot of things, but he is not a murderer, okay? 
 We need to get down to the bottom of his memory loss. 
 And to do that, I need to run some tests. 
 Release him into my custody. 
 Why don't you ask for one of my kidneys while you're at it? 
 Your kidneys wouldn't pass the transplant test. 
 Was that necessary? 
 Look, I just don't think anyone here wants to deal with the pit bull that's Gregory Williams. 
 And that's who's gonna be defending Joo-Joo on this case. 
 Gregory lives for cases like this. 
 He can't afford a lawyer like that. 
 I know he can't, but I can. 
 You believe in him that much? 
 I do. 
 Okay, well, I'm not gonna release him into your custody. 
 I'm gonna release him into Villa's. 
 What? No, no, no, Cap, I-I got partygoers coming in to give statements. 
 You can't do that. 
 Feldheim can handle that. 
 As of right now, only two people know what happened last night. 
 One's dead, and the other's claiming a brain malfunction. 
 I need you to oversee Rosie tinkering with Joo-Joo's head and keep a close eye on the suspect. 
 Two. 
 [Imitating Djimon Hounsou] Give us, us free. 
 [Grunts] [Normal voice] Hey. Ooh. 
 [Laughs] Hey. 
 Joo-Joo. 
 I'll ride shotgun on our investigation. 
 My investigation. I'm the only detective here. 
 I-I-I'm like the black Leo Getz to her Riggs and your Murtaugh. 
 [Chuckles] "Lethal Weapon." 
 See, that's a movie you got to have in your collection. 
 Just remember... Leo got shot. 
 She mad 'cause she look like Mel Gibson, ain't she? 
 It just doesn't seem true. Holly was so full of life. 
 We're so sorry for your loss, Mrs. Wilford. 
 She didn't have any family, really... just us. 
 We were going to be her family. 
 We  were  her family. 
 It didn't matter that you weren't married yet. 
 She was already like my daughter. 
 I'm sure she already considered herself a part of the family. 
 [Door opens] 
 Rosewood : [Speaking indistinctly] 
 Uh, excuse me. 
 [Door closes] Uh, what is he doing here? 
 He was released into our custody. 
 I have to run some tests. 
 Well, you need to run him the hell out of here. 
 Oh, no, I'm fine. 
 I'm fine, Pippy, but how you doing, though, huh? 
 Please tell me that's not Holly's family. 
 Yes. 
 You. I recognize your face. 
 You're the one the news is saying was found with Holly! 
 You killed her! 
 Ohh! 
 Oh. 
 Oh, Joo, really? 
 I barely touched him. 
 I-I went into autopilot. 
 Y'all saw. Hey, I was defending myself. 
 [Laughs] 
 I swear I'm gonna make you pay for what you did to Holly. 
 I swear. 
 Are you all right? 
 I'm fine. 
 Captain it happens so fast and it really was self defense. 
 Okay, I don't care if he came at Joo-Joo with a freakin' chainsaw. 
 He cannot go around hitting people. 
 It won't happen again. 
 I'll keep the wilfords at bay, but you're on borrowed time. 
 Have you experienced memory loss like this before? 
 No. [Scoffs] 
 Something must be wrong with this drive-through headset you got me in [Chuckles] 
 'Cause Joo-Joo's mind is a steel trap, as efficient as a Tesla with the beauty and the style to match. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Everything a joke to you? 
 We're trying to save your life. 
 If you're not gonna be honest with me, Villa can take you right back to your cell, where you'll likely rot for the rest of your life. 
 Is that what you want? 
 I've been losing chunks of time now for a couple of years. 
 Your sporadic memory loss is likely due to one hit too many from your former football career. 
 I-I'm sorry. Whose football career? 
 I don't really think we need to talk about all that. 
 The last hit took him out of the game for good, and he had to come up with a new way to provide for his family. 
 He had a lot of people counting on him. 
 How do you know all this? 
 Well, Joo-Joo and I met at the hospital that year. 
 He was recovering from his injuries. 
 I was getting a minor tune-up. 
 And Rosie helped me to see that just because my football career was over, it didn't mean my life had to be, right? 
 [Computer beeps] Uh-oh. 
 What? What is it, Rosie? What do you see? 
 Just give it to me straight. 
 You have some focal slowing bilaterally in your frontal lobes. 
 Translation? 
 You need to get to a hospital A.S.A.P. and get a real MRI. 
 This could be the key to figuring out exactly what's going on with your memory loss and get to the bottom of what happened last night. 
 Joo-Joo : I get it. 
 You wanted to bring me... 
 Because you wanted to spend some alone time with Joo-Joo. 
 You're beginning to feel it, aren't you, that chocolate magnetism? 
 It's all good. Yeah. 
 Ain't no need to be embarrassed. 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 A lot of women find it difficult to resist this. 
 Do you ever stop talking? 
 See? Why do people always want to silence the black man? 
 I mean, seriously. 
 Oh, wow. You're scared. 
 What? 
 Chick, please. 
 Joo-Joo ain't scared of nothing and no one. 
 Papito,  you're sitting next to the queen of denial. 
 Trust me... I recognize the signs. 
 Do you want to talk about it? 
 At least once or twice a week, I dream that I'm still in the game, making crazy catches [chuckles] Getting both feet down. 
 When I wake up, for a full two minutes... 
 I think I'm still a ballplayer, late for practice, as usual. 
 And those are the best two minutes of my whole day. 
 Then reality sets in, and I remember that that life was a long time ago for me. 
 Hey. 
 I know a thing or two about having to let go of a dream after it's ripped from your hands. 
 And trust me... 
 I am living proof that you can survive it and still go on. 
 I believe we just had a moment, Detective Villa. 
 Hmm? 
 [Both laugh] 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 Detective Annalise Villa? 
 Wow. You fit his description to a "t." 
 I'm sorry. Do I know you? 
 I'm, uh, Dr. Erica Kincaid. 
 I'm Dr. Rosewood's cardiologist. 
 Oh, right, right. 
 Hi. 
 Hi. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. 
 I'm Julius. [Clears throat] 
 I'm Julius Beeman... But you can call me Joo-Joo. 
 Nice to meet you, Joo-Joo. 
 Where you been hiding all my life, girl? 
 Hey, aren't you married? 
 Divorced. Mind your business. 
 [Chuckles nervously] Hey, okay, you know what? 
 Sit down. This is not the time. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Sighs] 
 Detective, um, next time you see Rosie, please tell him to stop dodging my calls. 
 I know he's busy, but I need him back for his blood work. 
 Oh, girl, he's not that busy. 
 Really? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Okay. That's good to know. 
 Thanks for the tip. 
 Are you okay? Are you sick? Are you... 
 Oh, no, I'm... I'm just here with a... a friend. 
 Just a friend. 
 He's waiting on an MRI. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Well, uh, let me see if I can speed things up for you, get you out of here real quick. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 You see what happens? 
 Mmm! 
 Rosie is one lucky b*st*rd. 
 Ah. 
 [Laughs] 
 It makes me so happy to see you glowing. 
 [Chuckling] I'm glowing? 
 Yes. 
 No. It's the fire. We're sitting right next to it. 
 No. It's you. It... 
 And all that matters to me is that you're happy. 
 You know that, right? 
 Which is why... I want to give you this. 
 [Singsong voice] Open it. 
 [Clears throat] 
 What is this for? 
 [Normal voice] I know how you always said you wanted to be a world traveler. 
 I wanted to be a flight attendant. 
 And I was 4. 
 [Both laugh] 
 Yeah, I... Flight attendant part aside, now you can travel and see the world the way you always wanted to, and you don't have to work in that glorified morgue anymore. 
 This will cover your expenses. 
 Can you stop? 
 Oh, my God. This money is a bribe. 
 This money is a bribe not just to leave the lab, but to leave Pippy, right, and the Rosewoods. 
 But they're my family. 
 Tara, you're an Izikoff. 
 We are your family. 
 [Knock on door] 
 [Sighs] 
 Rosie, now is not a good time. 
 Dinner. 
 You have not lived until you've experienced the geng sap nok from Madame Thinphanga. 
 I am telling you, this is heaven on a plate. 
 Oh, and I, uh, finished Holly's autopsy. 
 There's no more trauma. 
 I don't think she's gonna tell us much else. 
 Oh, we hit a dead end with the party guests, too. 
 No one saw anything. [Sighs] 
 Well, Joo-Joo's face is permanently associated with Holly's death. 
 There's always gonna be doubts until we find the real killers. 
 Well, did you get a look at his MRI? 
 Yeah. Bad news. 
 His injuries are more extensive than I thought. 
 Joo-Joo has hydrocephalus. 
 It's a buildup of fluid in the brain. [Sighs] 
 Please say there's good news. 
 Well, I mean, surgery can fix the hydrocephalus. 
 I just have to convince Joo-Joo to get the operation. 
 He's not a big fan of having his brain cut into. 
 [Chuckles] I can't say I blame him. 
 The guy's been through a lot. 
 I'm sorry. Wait. Wait. I'm sorry. 
 What... What is that I hear? 
 Is this empathy in your voice? 
 Joo-Joo's getting to you, isn't he? 
 [Sighs] Whatever. 
 Look, is there... Is there anywhere else you can eat your dinner? 
 Yeah. Tell me about it. 
 This place is a lot worse than I remember. 
 You know, Rosie, I just... stop. 
 I'm not in the mood to hear you trash my place, okay? 
 Whoa. Whoa. Villa. 
 Come on. You know these are just jokes. 
 What's wrong? 
 Ah. 
 This is your first place since Eddie, isn't it? 
 [Grunts] 
 Ah, look, I... 
 This couldn't have been an easy step for you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Oh, don't... Don't apologize. 
 It's not your fault I can't get past this. 
 Villa, but... 
 Do you know I have a storage unit... 
 Filled with boxes like those from my life in New York? 
 And none of it fits me. 
 None of it fits me or this new life. 
 It's like I'm not that woman anymore. 
 But then I freak at the thought of buying new stuff. 
 It's like I'm trying to erase him. 
 No, no, you are not erasing him. 
 He's always gonna be a part of you. 
 And the... the... the... the memories of the life that you guys have shared is not always gonna be filled and tinged with pain. 
 [Clicks tongue, chuckles] 
 You know, I-I told Joo-Joo that I was living proof you can survive a huge loss and still go on. 
 [Chuckles] Guess the joke's on me now. 
 Well, listen, you've had a lot of change in your life lately... 
 Some good, some bad. 
 And, actually, I think I'm a large part of the good. 
 Jury's still out on that one. 
 Listen, the point is, you're still standing. 
 Doesn't matter what gets thrown your way. 
 You're gonna keep standing 'cause that's who you are. 
 Rosie, you didn't have to say that. 
 No, it's the truth. 
 Now, come on. Bring it in for the real thing. 
 Come on. Come on. Come on. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Right. 
 [Cellphone ringing, vibrating] 
 [Keypad beeps] Cap, what's going on? 
 Hornstock : Your boy Joo-Joo's toast. 
 What? 
 Get your asses in here. 
 Okay. Okay, I'll be right there. 
 [Sighs] 
 Paparazzi guy's name is Joe Fuller. 
 Supposedly, he has proof of Joo-Joo's violent behavior last night at the party. 
 What kind of proof? 
 The "beat-up face and the photos to prove it" kind. 
 He's pressing assault charges. 
 There's nothing we can do. 
 Joe : I was just minding my business, taking a few photos of Holly, when this Joo-Joo guy lost it on me. 
 And you were just an innocent bystander in all of this, right? 
 I was just doing my job, putting in a hard night's work. 
 I didn't deserve to have my nose broken again! 
 Give me a break. 
 You never worked a hard day in your life. 
 I mean, what is it, Joe? 
 You looking for your 10 seconds of fame? 
 Tired of being behind the camera? 
 Think whatever you want. I don't care. 
 Fact is, I can place this thug with the dead girl at the end of the party. 
 [Photograph thuds] 
 [Chuckling] That has to count for something. 
 [Indistinct conversations in distance] 
 So, how you holding up? 
 Man, I don't know anymore. 
 You don't know what? 
 Maybe I'm right where I'm supposed to be, where I can't hurt nobody. 
 Oh, okay. 
 So, uh... So, we're giving up now? 
 I saw my scans. 
 The doc explained it to me clear as day. 
 My head is messed up. 
 And one of the other side effects of that kind of damage is aggression, so, what if I did this? 
 What if I killed Holly and I just don't remember it? 
 We already know I knocked out homeboy. 
 I already know that you didn't kill Holly. 
 Really? 
 Did I miss when you developed psychic powers? 
 Okay, so, I'm sorry. Let me ask you a question. 
 So, who was it that took their nieces in when social services tried to split them up when their father went up for four years? 
 Who worked as a janitor for three years to cover their medical bills when they got sick? 
 Don't make me out to be some Saint. 
 You are not a Saint. You are far from a Saint. 
 Damn, man, you ain't need to be that cold about it. 
 But you are a man who cares. 
 You make sacrifices for others. 
 You are not a cold-blooded killer. 
 So, what I need you to do... 
 I need you to stop talking crazy, and you keep your mouth shut till I get back. 
 [Keys clacking] 
 And you're welcome. 
 [Key clacks] 
 [Door closes] [Sniffles] 
 My gut's tingling. 
 I mean, this Fuller guy has a rap sheet a mile long and a bunch of restraining orders from local celebrities. 
 Hmm. So, what's his agenda? 
 That's what I want to find out. 
 I need to know what happened that night before Joo-Joo threw that punch. 
 Wait. There were other paparazzi at the party, right? 
 Joe wasn't the only one. 
 Right, right, right. 
 Their... their photos. 
 Yeah, we can use those to make a timeline of the events of the party that night. 
 Hopefully they'll show us what Joo-Joo, Holly, and Fuller were up to and point us to the real killer. 
 See? What would you do without me? 
 [Elevator dings] [Laughter] 
 I was gonna say, I know where to buy fake lashes, okay? 
 [Laughs] Hello. 
 So, you wanted to know where I work. 
 Here it is. 
 Wow. Impressive. 
 Though I had pictured your future a little differently. 
 [Laughs] TMI: Hi. 
 Babe? 
 Babe, what happened? 
 I thought you were still at dinner with your mom. 
 Mm-hmm. Dinner didn't really go as planned. 
 Why didn't you call me? 
 I did. 
 If you check your phone, I called like once or seven times. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I didn't even hear the phone ring. 
 [Sighs] Yeah. 
 Hi. I'm Tara. 
 And don't let the mood fool you. 
 I'm seriously having the best day ever. 
 Oh, no, I've heard so many great things about you. 
 I'm gonna go now. 
 I don't want to intrude. 
 Thank you. 
 Baby, what happened? What happened at dinner? 
 You canceled dinner with me and you hung out with Cassie instead? 
 Since I was free, I hung out with Cass. 
 [Sighs] What's wrong with that? 
 How can you not see what is wrong with that? 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Hornstock : These all the pictures? 
 Yeah, so, we've narrowed it down to the ones that show Holly, Fuller, and/or Joo-Joo's movements that night. 
 And apparently you. 
 Zoom in on this one. 
 Is there something I should know about you two? 
 What? 
 I mean, well, Cap, come on. I mean, seriously. 
 We were just celebrating our 9 1/2-month anniversary as partners. 
 That's not a thing. 
 That's what I said. 
 And last time I soul-trained on the dance floor like that... 
 Huh?... I married the person. 
 We all know how that turned out. 
 Soul-trained? This isn't... 
 Can we... can we just focus on the case? 
 Can we do that? 
 Look, look. 
 Here's a picture of Fuller shoving a flash drive in Holly's face. 
 Next stop, Fuller shoves Holly, and then here, Joo-Joo punches Fuller. Right. 
 Now, if you look at the time stamp on all these pictures, Joo-Joo punches Fuller after Fuller shoves Holly. 
 He was protecting her. 
 So, Holly had an altercation with Fuller, and hours later, she's dead. 
 I mean, that can't be a coincidence. 
 Whoa. Hold up. I'm going with you. 
 I got this. 
 No, I know you got this. 
 I just want to be there to see you "got this." 
 All right, let's get a two shot here. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 Don't go down. God... 
 Say cheese, Joe! 
 [Camera shutter clicks] Are you crazy?! 
 She gets that quite a bit. 
 Hey, I wouldn't move if I were you. 
 That fall likely bruised a few lumbar vertebrae. 
 Tell me... Does Dwyane Wade know that you're snapping pictures of him and his wife? 
 No. That's the whole point. 
 God. This is assault. 
 You assaulted me. 
 And Tubbs up there is my witness. 
 "Tubbs"? Come on. We don't all look like. 
 You know, they say a picture's worth a thousand words, right? 
 You know what I see in this picture? 
 A loser who couldn't make it as a photojournalist, so instead became a bottom-feeding celebrity chaser who blackmailed young stars for extra money. 
 That was hurtful. 
 Good. 
 Because we know all about Holly and the flash drive. 
 We just want to know what's on it. 
 What flash drive? 
 Oh, okay, okay, you want to play it like that. 
 That? Oops! No! Are you nuts?! 
 Nice toss. Too much lotion on my hands. 
 Hey, Rosie, you ever played catch with a really expensive camera? 
 No. I want to try to catch it with my eyes closed. 
 Okay! Okay! Okay! Slow down, okay? 
 I'll... I'll cooperate. 
 For the record, you guys are championing Holly like she was some kind of angel. 
 You couldn't be further from the truth. 
 What are you talking about? 
 She wasn't who she was pretending to be. 
 I bet you didn't even know her real name isn't Holly. 
 Hornstock : Are you sure that's her? 
 It's definitely her. 
 The video is grainy, but there's no mistaking it. 
 Her real name is Hannah-Lou Miller. 
 She grew up in a trailer park two hours away. 
 Changed her name to Holly Keaton when she was 19, moved to Miami, never looked back. 
 Who knew a person could be that flexible? 
 I did. Yoga. Seated twist, downward dog. 
 It's good for the soul and stuff like this. 
 Seated twist? 
 I mean, so I've heard. I mean, I-i guess. 
 All right, so, scumbag Fuller finds out about her real identity when he gets his mitts on this s*x tape of hers from back in the day? 
 On the night Holly was killed, Fuller tried to blackmail her with it. 
 He wanted money, lots of it. 
 So she has a s*x tape. Who doesn't? 
 [Scoffs] You don't. 
 Cap, you don't have a s*x tape. 
 My point is, a s*x tape is like a must-have for a reality star nowadays, right? 
 No, not for someone like Holly. 
 Her brand was her pristine image. 
 A tape like this gets out, it destroys everything she ever built, especially her kids' foundation. 
 Fuller claims he got the flash drive anonymously in the mail, so we're going directly to the source. 
 Unis are picking up the guy in the video as we speak. 
 What kind of perv makes a girly video without the girl's consent? 
 The stupid teenage kind. 
 You never did nothing dumb when you were a kid? 
 Yeah. I thought a mullet would be a good look. 
 But I didn't distribute p0rn. 
 Distribute p0rn? What? Come on, man. He does know we pulled his print off the flash drive, right? Villa : My guess is he's about to find out. [Cellphone ringing, vibrating] Oh, she knows you're avoiding her. Oh, yeah, I met the impressive force of nature that is Dr. Kincaid when I took Joo-Joo to the hospital. And I get it. She's hot and smart. And she's just my doctor, so... Hey, you don't have to explain yourself to me. Then why do I feel like I do? Can you just stop being a baby and give her a call? She needs your blood work. I'm not sure how I feel about you being in my business like that. Really? Welcome to my world. All right, man, look... Truth is, I ran into Hannah-Lou a few weeks ago, but she was with her fancy fiancé, acted like she didn't even know who I was. You know? Said she was gonna call the police. Were you harassing her? No! God, no. I just wanted to say hi. But I got real mad she could just dismiss me like that. Right. That's when you decided to send the tape? Well, I reckoned that her fancy fiancé better know who he was really marrying. So that's when I sent him the tape. Wait. Wait. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Say that again. I sent Zach Wilford the tape with a note that said, "call me if you want to know the truth about Holly." Well, how did Fuller get a copy? When I never heard from that Zach guy, I figured that Hannah-Lou must have got her mitts on it, so that's when I sent it to Fuller, hoping he would leak it out to TMZ or something. Son of a bitch. I-I-I was just trying to get Hannah-Lou the same way she got me, all right? I-I never thought she was gonna end up dead. So, Zach killed his fiancée because she sold him a fake bill of goods, and the b*st*rd thinks he can get away with it? No, we can't just accuse the first son of the most prominent family in Florida of murder without any proof. I'll get you your proof. We've already searched Holly's body, and we didn't find anything that points to anybody. That's why we're doing it again. Isn't that the definition of insanity? We must have missed something. He suffocated Holly with his bare hands. No way he didn't leave a hair, fingernail, or epithelial cell, some kind of trace behind. So we're searching for a needle in a haystack. Got it. Whoa, hold up. Hold up. Found something? This was embedded on the inside wall of Holly's stomach. Is that a diamond? Wait. I know what diamond that's from. It's part of the champagne rose diamond collection. That chip alone is worth thousands. My mom has some just like it. [Scoffs] Okay, please tell me the next words out your mouth aren't, "my mom killed Holly." No, but I know who did. Well, I hope you brought us down here to inform us you've finally locked up this Joo-Joo fellow. Actually, I do have some good news. You see, when we met, I noticed your ring was missing one of its pink mini diamonds. Guess what? We found it. Rosewood : Yeah, we found it in Holly's stomach. She must have swallowed it while you were suffocating her. What are they talking about, mom? Do you want us to prove it fits right here and now? I would like my attorney now. Fine. Zach, we're very sorry for your loss. If you even want a chance at a relationship with me beyond this point, tell me what you did. Zachary, now is not the time... You tell me. You had no idea what you were marrying. Holly was trailer trash. I tried to pay her to go away, and she wouldn't. She left me no choice. You were the one that found the s*x tape Wyatt sent to Zach. You think I didn't know? Of course I knew about Holly's past! She told me a long time ago. We had no secrets between us. We loved each other. [Scoffs] Zachary, wait. No, not so fast. We're nowhere near done with you. You were just at the wrong place at the wrong time. She admitted she was still in the hotel room, having just killed Holly, when you came knocking. Apparently, Holly went upstairs upset after her little run-in with the paparazzi guy. You went up there to make sure she was okay. Ester realized you weren't going away, so she let you in, hit you over the head, and left you passed out on the floor to take the blame. Damn. That bitch is cold. Listen [Sighs] I don't know how I can thank you both. Seriously. Y'all really came through for me. I'm just glad you decided to have the surgery. See you on the other side. [Sighs] Villa, you coming? No, actually, I'm... I'm gonna hang here. Go. I'll catch you later. Detective Villa... Thank you. [Indistinct conversations] [Sighs] [Clears throat] Whoa. [Chuckles] Is this a coincidence, or did a certain nosey someone tell you I was in the building? Why does it matter how this serendipitous meeting came to be? The point is, it did. And I hear your case is solved, so you have time to run your tests. [Sighs] I'm not getting out of this, am I? Not a chance. Lead the way. Follow me. So, um, is it always gonna be like this, me having to hunt you down for every little test? I don't want to come off too easy. Got to make you work for it. [Chuckles] Keep it classy, doctor. Okay, since communication hasn't been our strong suit recently, I thought I would try something different and read for you. [Grunts] [Clears throat, chuckles] Okay. "What started out as the worst day took a turn the minute I saw her. I'd lost my wallet. I was stuck with no money and couldn't pay for a cab. Then a voice said, 'here.' it wasn't the $20 bill that this stranger was offering me that stopped me in my tracks. It was her... The one I dreamt about... The one I prayed for. I must have looked crazy [Chuckles] 'Cause she kept asking if I was okay." You did. [Laughs] "Finally, I got myself together enough to say, 'I am now.'" [sniffles] Yep. That landed. Oh, my gosh. Good. I'm glad 'cause, listen... No one... come here... Not your mom, not Cassie... can keep me from marrying the woman that I fell in love with and dreamt about before I even met her, okay? I love you. I love you, too. I love you. [Sniffles] I feel you crying. Don't do it. How can I not? You just... you just savage-gardened me. [Knock on door] [Sighs] I mean, really, how can you think with all this noise? [Sirens wailing] I can't hear you! A little louder! Yeah, I know you can't hear me with all this noise. I love the noise, okay? All the yelling, the car horns, the alarms. It's... it's why I moved back to the old neighborhood. [Door closes] First, let me just say that I think I'm coming around to your new place. Why do I feel a "but" coming next? Well, no "buts," but, yes, there are gifts. What if I want the big one first? Well, they're my gifts, so my rules. [Music plays softly in background] Wow. Spackle. Just what every girl wants. So, whenever you're ready to start transforming this place, I'm gonna help you. Yeah, you don't have to do it alone. I got you. Thank you. This... [Exhales sharply] [Sighs] This is the... This is the sunrise we shared after I was, um... What did you call it?... Consciously uncoupled from Mike. Uh-huh. And do you remember what we were celebrating? New beginnings. [inhales sharply] Wow, Rosie, I... I don't really like it. Seriously? Come on. You know I love it. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 