Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Necrosis and New Beginnings - Rosewood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Necrosis and New Beginnings https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=443&t=23241 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/22/15 02:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Necrosis and New Beginnings 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ 
 [Water running] 
 ♪ Tick tock, I'm watchin' the clock ♪ 
♪ I can't wait till we get to rock ♪ 
♪ I wanna scream and dream and throw a love parade ♪ 
♪ Is that okay? ♪ 
♪ Tonight, it's me and you alone ♪ 
♪ Won't make a call, won't... ♪ 
 Mm. 
 [Gasps] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
 You have got to be kidding me. 
 [Siren wails in distance] 
 Why are you everywhere? 
 [Grunts] 
 [Groans] 
 Ohh. Ohh! 
 Aah! 
 Kat: Mm. Yeah. 
 Oh, that feels so amazing. 
 Oh, this whole weekend has been amazing. 
 Good. That was the plan. 
 [Sighs] 
 Except for the chia seeds and the quinoa. 
 Never doing that again. 
 What? Come on. Now, they're good for you. 
 [Chuckles] But do they taste good? 
 No. 
 Well, then they're not good for me. 
 Oh, okay, all right. Look, then, next weekend... 
 Yeah? 
 The entire menu is on you. 
 Oh. [Chuckles] 
 [R&B music playing softly] 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 [Pounding on door] 
 [Sighs] Seriously? 
 No, no, no, no, no. 
 I'll be back. 
 Mm. 
 [Pounding on door] Two seconds. 
 Two seconds. [Sighs] 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 [Sighs] 
 Hey. Is everything okay? 
 So you  are  alive. 
 See, because when you decided to drop off the face of the earth for an entire weekend without so much as a word to anyone in your family, I just automatically assumed that you were dead. 
 Mom, because I love you, I'm gonna pretend this isn't happening right now. 
 Okay, so I'll see you tomorrow. 
 I'm here. See me now. 
 [Door closes] 
 It's almost midnight. 
 Check your phone. 
 I called you over nine times in the last two days. 
 You're right, okay? 
 I made you worry, and I'm sorry for that. 
 So now that that nonsense is out of the way, you can tell your Katherine to stop hiding in the bedroom. 
 I don't buy it. 
 Those size 9 snakeskins in the corner are not your style. 
 Oh, I wasn't hiding, Mrs. Rosewood. 
 I just figured it would be a little less awkward if you weren't meeting your son's girlfriend for the first time all but naked. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Thank you for that consideration. 
 [Chuckles] 
 It's so nice to finally meet you. 
 Now I can thank you in person. 
 What for? 
 For raising one of the good ones. 
 Uh, what... no, this is... this is nice 'cause I-I have my mother and then I have my... my girlfriend, and you guys are bonding over your mutual adoration of me, and it's... [Chuckles] I got to tell you, it's... it's awkward. 
 Would you like a drink, Mrs. Rosewood? 
 You know what? 
 She probably would like one, but she has to go. 
 Lemon drop... light on the sugar, heavy on everything else. 
 What's this? 
 It's an invoice. 
 East Miami P.D. 
 Has an outstanding balance of $14,500. 
 Okay, when I offered you a job at the lab, it wasn't to comb through our books. 
 [Liquid pouring] Yes, well, regardless, go get your money first thing in the morning. 
 We're running a business, not a charity. 
 We  aren't running anything. I am. 
 No. Your mom's right. 
 I mean, I know you don't care anything about money, but magic city lab is a business, and in order to run a business, you need money. 
 Go get your money. 
 Cheers. 
 Ooh. 
 Cheers. 
 Mm. 
 Villa: Well, you're not funny, okay? 
 Take my food again, and you'll see what happens. 
 Villa! 
 How's the most gifted detective in Miami doing today? 
 Fine morning... 
 Whoo! Ah. 
 Not now, Rosie. 
 Not... come on, now. Come on. We were in a groove. 
 We're in a good place right now. 
 We were solving crimes, busting bad guys. 
 Now I can't even get a smile from you? 
 Hey, isn't mine contagious? 
 It's not contagious. 
 No, you got to see it, though. 
 Did you see it? 
 I'm not gonna look. That... [Sighs] 
 What do you want, Rosie? 
 Nothing, nothing. 
 I'm actually here on financial business. 
 Getting a smile from you was just gonna be a bonus. 
 Trevor: I mean, for crying out loud! 
 Is there someone with some modicum of power... 
 In this godforsaken place? 
 Sir, if you would just calm down... Sir. 
 Wow, it seems like whatever you had is... 
 Contagious? 
 Yeah. 
 Don't tell me to calm down. 
 Lavetta Serrano's body has been lying on that M.E. slab for two days now while her murderer walks free. 
 You know, I-I see what's going on here. 
 To you guys, she's just another, uh, uh, ex-con who went back to a life of crime. 
 What is it guys you call it, cases like that, huh? 
 NHIS... no humans involved? 
 Well, to me, she was very much a human. 
 Ilene, I got this. Sir, I'm Detective Villa. 
 Are you the detective on Lavetta's case? 
 No, but I am going to make sure I'm assigned to it right away. 
 Yeah? Why would you do that? 
 I remember Lavetta Serrano. 
 We were the same age when she was sent to prison. 
 She was the youngest person to get a life sentence in Florida at the time. 
 I guess, as a fellow latina, that stuck with me. 
 You know that her sentence was recently commuted? 
 She was finally a free woman, and now she's dead. 
 I'll find out what happened, Mr... 
 McCown. 
 [Sighs] Trevor McCown. 
 Okay. Just... You. 
 I recognize you from the billboards. 
 Beaumont Rosewood Jr. 
 Yeah, I want you to do Lavetta's autopsy. 
 Uh, the county M.E. is handling it. 
 No, I-I want the best. 
 I'll pay whatever fee. 
 No, no, we'll worry about the money later. 
 Right now we're gonna get you the answers that you need. 
 Right, partner? 
 S01E05 
Necrosis and New Beginnings 
 Babe, why is there a moving truck in my parking spot? 
 Like, I had to park and walk? [Scoffs] 
 You know how I feel about unnecessary walking. 
 Um... [Breathes deeply] 
 Why are they moving my nap couch? 
 Oh, hell no. 
 Okay. 
 Uh, okay. Um... 
 Hey, mom. 
 What... what you doing here, huh? 
 Uh, why... why are the movers taking all the comfy furniture? 
 'Cause that old furniture just did not go with my vision for my new office. 
 Your office? 
 Yes, my office. 
 Didn't Beaumont tell you that I'm working here now? 
 He's given me carte blanche to do whatever I want to do with my office. 
 Ah! 
 That's what I'm doing. 
 That is awesome... walls. 
 TMI: Pipp. 
 Uh-huh? 
 Your brother's ready for us. 
 Mm. O-okay, mom. 
 He ain't ready for me. 
 Okay, so, you're gonna hire mom, and you don't think to consult me? 
 Hmm. Let's see. 
 I sign the front of the check, you sign the back. 
 Hmm. What does that mean? 
 It probably means I can hire whoever I want without consulting you. 
 Oh, that is what I call a well-thrown dart. 
 Good going, soon-to-be big bro. 
 Really? 
 Really, no. I'm sorry. 
 I'm gonna be at my station pretending to mind my business. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Besides, I already told you mama's gonna be helping out around here. 
 Okay, uh, helping out and moving in are two totally different things, okay? 
 What is she going to do here other than drive us crazy? 
 No, that'd be the fun part, discovering how she fits in here. 
 You have to embrace the unknown, Pipp. 
 It can be full of wonderful surprises. [Laughs mockingly] 
 Well, I can't wait to see how wonderfully surprised you are when she takes over this lab and our lives, because you know that that woman will do exactly that. 
 Just... 
 Oh, God. [Sighs] 
 Pipp. don't say anything. 
 I already feel like a big enough ass. 
 I'm standing here complaining about whatever, and our victim has way bigger problems. 
 Meet Lavetta Serrano, 31 years old. 
 She died two days ago. 
 According to the police report, M.E. at the crime scene noted... 
 [Cellphone jingles] 
 Um... "T," you okay? 
 Yep. 
 Yes. Sorry. 
 Uh, M.E. [Breathes deeply] noted preliminary cause of death, asphyxiation by strangulation. 
 So the fire that caused these burns was set after the fact. 
 Mm-hmm. Second and third-degree burns. 
 Fire couldn't have been burning for very long. 
 TMI, enlarge the X-ray, please. 
 Mm. Broken ribs. 
 Remodeled comminuted fractures in both radii and ulnas. 
 Injuries from over a decade ago. 
 Mm. They beat the hell out of her in prison. 
 She should've never been in maximum-security prison. 
 She was a kid. 
 After all these years of watching your father do this, you think I'd be used to the sight of a life lost. 
 I hope you never get used to it, and you shouldn't be down here. 
 I'm bored upstairs. 
 Thought maybe I could help down here. 
 "Help." 
 Ecchymosis around the ligature marks. 
 Enlarged tongue. 
 All consistent with strangulation. 
 She was strangled? 
 That's a very intimate way to kill someone... probably someone she knew. 
 What shrink school did you go to, mom? 
 I've been working with teenagers for decades. 
 That's my shrink school. 
 Oh, yeah, that. 
 So, the police report says she was found facedown in the bed, right? 
 That... that's what it says here. 
 I need her full blood works. 
 Check her carboxyhemoglobin levels, please. 
 Will do. 
 Look, I, uh... sorry about that scene from earlier. 
 As a lawyer, I-I actually have better control over myself. 
 Mm-hmm, don't worry about it. [Clears throat] 
 Do you normally get this emotionally invested in your former clients? 
 Lavetta wasn't just a client. 
 She... She was a good friend. 
 Your last name... McCown, right? 
 Any relation to any Anthony McCown, the man Lavetta murdered? 
 It was an accidental shooting, and, yes, he, uh... 
 He was my father. 
 Lavetta murdered your father during a botched robbery, she gets life in prison, and then you come along, become her biggest advocate, and you convince the governor to commute her sentence? 
 That's your friend? What am I missing? 
 Do you believe in forgiveness, Detective Villa? 
 Okay, there's forgiveness... 
 And then there's what you did, which feels a little extreme to me. 
 She was just a kid, okay? 
 That burglary was a-a stupid gang-initiation thing. 
 My father wasn't even supposed to be home that night, and she panicked. 
 Dots still aren't connecting. 
 I believed in Lavetta's rehabilitation. 
 Why? Because she got a couple degrees in prison, helped out her fellow inmates? 
 So did William Heirens, and he was a serial killer. 
 What is your problem with Lavetta? 
 I don't have a problem with Lavetta. 
 In fact, I almost was Lavetta. 
 It's you who I'm trying to wrap my head around. 
 I was 18 years old when my dad died and pretty much just a, uh, stoner high-school dropout. 
 Lavetta is the reason I got my act together. 
 She inspired me to make a difference. 
 She saved my life as much as I saved hers. 
 Rosewood: No, you should've seen this party. 
 I mean, everybody was there. 
 You know, it was... it was one of those places to be. 
 See ya. 
 Wow. 
 How's it feel to know people scurry when you're close? 
 It feels pretty great, actually. 
 Oh, okay. I dig the positivity. 
 What are you doing all the way over there? 
 What's up? Shouldn't you be at your lab, knee-deep in fancy lab stuff? 
 Well, I heard you're going to the crime scene. 
 Figured I'd tag along. 
 No. 
 [Chuckles] No, no, no, no, no. 
 You... lab. Me... crime scene. 
 You see how that works? 
 Well, the burn pattern on the body is not adding up, so I need to go the crime scene myself. 
 Fine. 
 You see what you need to see, but then you get out. 
 Ah, great. Hey, and we can take my car... save on gas, preserve the ozone layer a little bit longer... 
 Get some quality partner time in. 
 Your car predates catalytic converters, electronic ignitions, lean-burn engines. 
 In fact, the only emission piece your '69 GTO has is the pcv valve. 
 Your car is personally killing the ozone layer. 
 So how do you really feel? 
 You shouldn't hold things in, you know? 
 Hey, she didn't mean that. 
 This is nothing but sheer jealousy. 
 All right, all right, we'll take your beat-up old policeman's car, whatever that thing is. [Engine turns over] 
 And... [Tires squeal] 
 Or I can meet you there. 
 Woman: Go, go! 
 Go! 
 [Villa chuckles] 
 Man, I used to be so good at that. 
 My girl Rosario and I could take any girl on the block. 
 You? Double Dutch? Now, I got to see that. 
 Yeah, I don't really do that anymore. 
 So, Lavetta finally makes it out of prison, and what does she do? 
 She moves right back into a neighborhood with a ton of gang activity. 
 Maybe her rehabilitation didn't take? 
 There's another way to look at it. 
 Well, one of the most effective ways to help the community is from within the community. 
 You know, crunching ice is a sign of anemia and... other things... things that could affect your mood swings. 
 First of all, my mood isn't swinging anywhere, okay? 
 Second of all... [Ice rattles] 
 Well, you know, frustrations of an adult nature. 
 What, Rosie? Stop tiptoeing around. 
 I'm a big girl. Just spit it out. 
 Fine. 
 Chewing ice is a sign of sexual frustration. 
 I'm not sexually frustrated. 
 Mnh, a little sexually frustrated. 
 I heard that, and I'm not, okay? 
 All right. Hey. What are you doing? 
 Well, you don't have anemia, so... 
 [Door closes] 
 Excuse me. 
 Do you live here? 
 Yeah. So what? 
 Do you know Lavetta Serrano? 
 Nope. 
 Really? 
 Is that how you want to play this? 
 You gonna try to prove otherwise? 
 We're trying to solve Lavetta's murder, lay her to rest. 
 Look, don't act like people like y'all suddenly care about people like us. 
 I care. [Vehicle approaches] 
 We  care. [Horn honks] 
 Tiana. [Speaks foreign language] 
 [Baby crying in distance] 
 No sign of breaking and entering, other than the door being damaged from the fire department. 
 Locks are still intact. 
 She either let her killer in... 
 Or they had a key. 
 Either way, Lavetta likely knew her killer. 
 My money's on that Trevor guy. 
 Why? 
 Because you don't believe a person is capable of forgiveness? 
 Because he's holding something back. 
 I can feel it. 
 And, yes, I don't buy his act. 
 No one's that forgiving. 
 Well, see, that kind of forgiveness is not only believable... it's admirable. 
 It speaks to Trevor being a superior human being. 
 Well, not everyone's like you, Rosie. 
 Oh, so you think I'm special? 
 Whatever. 
 No, I mean, it's okay. 
 You can join the fan club. Everyone's welcome. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Flashlight clacks] 
 Trevor wasn't kidding. 
 Whatever cops came through here earlier weren't looking very hard. 
 Rosie. 
 [Items clacking] 
 There's definitely blood there. 
 Look, the serial number's filed off the gun. 
 This is gang paraphernalia. 
 This proves Lavetta was involved in something. 
 Villa, look around. 
 Right there, you have a thriving homegrown rosemary and thyme in those pots near the window. 
 You have a mix of law books and classic literature. 
 You may see a gangbanger, but I see a woman who had a second chance at life and who's relished it. 
 You know, some day, somebody's gonna disappoint you and not live up to your vision of them. 
 Maybe. But today's not that day. 
 Oh, and we have the wrong cause of death. 
 Wait, wait, wait. You confirmed she was strangled. 
 I did, and she was, but it didn't kill her. 
 Look at the burn pattern on this bed. 
 See, at some point, after the killer strangled her, set the bed on fire, and left, Lavetta rolled over. 
 That explains why she had the burns on the front and the back. 
 She was still alive. 
 Exactly. 
 And alive means breathing, and breathing means there's a whole respiratory system waiting to sing to me at the lab. 
 I mean, you can applaud whenever you want. 
 I have to say, I never thought I'd see the day where you begged me to squeeze you in. 
 Yeah. [Chuckles] 
 Do you know it took Eddie three months to ask me out? 
 He was scared I'd say no. 
 Made sense. 
 I-I pretty much said no to every other guy in the neighborhood who asked. 
 [Breathes deeply] But then he did it. 
 And a month later, he asked to marry me, and I said yes. 
 We just knew. 
 Makes you happy to talk about him now. 
 That's progress. 
 Did something happen, Annalise, maybe something that makes you feel like you're losing sight of your husband? 
 You're good at your job. 
 Yes, I am. 
 I had a dream... 
 Mm-hmm. of the adult variety. 
 Mm. 
 And I'm guessing that your husband wasn't in the dream. 
 So now you get why I'm here. 
 So, who was he? 
 Nobody. 
 My new sort of... partner, a-a guy I don't even like. 
 You don't like, or you won't allow yourself to like because it feels like you're betraying your late husband? 
 See, this is why I don't like shrinks. 
 [Singsong voice] But you like me. 
 [Sighs deeply] 
 I'm not ready to move on. 
 And even if I was, which, again, I'm not... 
 Message received loud and clear. 
 It wouldn't be with this guy. 
 But why not? 
 If you're having dreams about him, consciously or subconsciously, there is something in you that is drawn to something in him. 
 He's just all... rainbows and glitter all the time. 
 I mean, I'm not drawn to any of that. 
 Okay. 
 Even his damn car looks like the sun. 
 What grown man drives a bright yellow '69 GTO? 
 [Chuckles] 
 I mean, it's like... 
 It's just a little too much for my taste. 
 Bright yellow GTO. 
 Ridiculous, right? [Chuckles] 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 I mean... 
 I got to go, doc. 
 Work calls. [Sighs] 
 Yeah. It's okay. 
 [Breathes deeply] 
 Thank you... for this... 
 For not giving up on me weeks ago. 
 [Chuckles] I mean, let's be honest... 
 I was a bitch. 
 I couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel. 
 But now I can maybe see a glimmer of one. 
 Hello. 
 Um, do you have a second, Mrs. "D"? 
 Sure, honey. Come on in. Sit down. 
 Um, is... is that our takeout-food binder? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I cannot believe... that you girls have been living off of this junk food day in, day out. 
 Now, I know my Beaumont is not putting this nonsense in his body. 
 This right here is Pippy's doing. 
 I mean, maybe might not want to throw out all of the menus of Pipp's favorite places. 
 You know she turns into a whole nother human being when her food's messed with? 
 Now, my dear, I know you didn't come in here to just defend Pippy's right to eat at tico taco hut. 
 What's wrong? 
 How were you and Mr. Rosewood able to... accept Pippy so easily when she first came out? 
 Pippy's our daughter. 
 We love her. It's that simple. 
 How long has it been since you last talked to your folks? 
 2 years, 3 months, and 14 days. 
 [Breathes shakily] 
 But I'm not totally counting. 
 [Sighs] It's my dad's birthday today. 
 Oh, baby girl. [Sighs] 
 Listen to me. 
 God doesn't make mistakes, which means he made you and Pippy exactly the way you were meant to be. 
 I'm so sorry that your... your parents can't see how... 
 Oh, how special you are. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 [Sniffles] 
 They'll come around. 
 [Sniffles] 
 I don't know how you know that, but [Sniffles] 
 Because it's one of the things I pray for on a daily basis. 
 [Sniffles] You pray for me? 
 I pray for all my babies. 
 Those test results in yet? 
 Uh, uh, n-no, not yet. 
 Doesn't appear to be any evidence of soot in Lavetta's lungs, but there do appear to be some fibers. 
 Burnt fiberglass. 
 I'm gonna need you and TMI to run a trace on that, tell me where they're from. 
 Pipp. 
 Pippy! 
 What? Why are you yelling? 
 Uh, I don't know. 
 Maybe because you're breaking your neck to see what's going on up there instead of doing what I'm paying you to do. 
 [Sighs] Okay. I'm sorry. 
 But TMI has been up there with mom for forever. 
 I was afraid this was going to happen. 
 You know what's going on up there, right? 
 No, I don't, and nor do I care. 
 She's probably butting in, taking over my wedding, getting TMI to agree to chrysanthemums instead of gardenias or whatever. 
 You know there's a diagnosis for what you have? 
 It's called paranoia. 
 Huh, yeah, well, there's a prescription to get rid of it. 
 I'm just saying, maybe it's time to get dad to come home. 
 Ooh, or better yet, let's just send her to go on the book tour with him. 
 I think that's genius. 
 
 
 
 [Computer beeps] 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 Hey, test results are in. 
 And Lavetta's carboxyhemoglobin level is at 78%. 
 Mm. 
 You were right. 
 She died from carbon-monoxide poisoning from the fire. 
 Yeah. Oh, my gosh. There you are. 
 What could you guys have possibly been talking about all this time? 
 You've been crying! Rosie, she's made my girl cry. 
 No, your mom was nothing but great, okay? 
 No, that's not cool. 
 Nobody makes my girl cry... listen... not even my mother. 
 Can... can you stop? Like, really? 
 Do you even get it? 
 Your mom might get on your nerves, but at least she's here [voice breaking] to get on your nerves. 
 Gosh, babe, I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry. 
 No, I'm sorry. 
 I can't believe I've been this stupid and blind. 
 Hey, don't forget selfish. 
 Mind your business. 
 It's fine. Can we please just get back to work? 
 Sure, after you hug it out. 
 Rosie. 
 Not up for discussion. It's my lab, my rules. 
 Hug it out. 
 Come to me. 
 I-I-I'm the one that's mad at you. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Works every time. 
 Okay, what do you got for me? 
 [Sighs] 
 Contents of Lavetta's stomach. 
 Turns out she ate less than two hours before she died... mussels, duck, and some sort of plum something, fudge-espresso souffle. 
 Sounds like a romantic dinner. 
 Mm. It's not just any romantic dinner. 
 That is la Maison de Pierre, and that souffle is their specialty dish. 
 Oh! That's where Pippy took us for our anniversary dinner. 
 Mm-hmm, and I have a feeling I'll be back there for the "Pippy is an ass and she's super-sorry" dinner. 
 Yeah, I'll be ready at 8:00. Can't wait. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Red and black. 
 [Cellphone ringing] 
 [Sighs] 
 What's up, Rosie? 
 Hey, meet me at la Maison de Pierre in 15 minutes. 
 No, I have to get through these binders from the gang unit. 
 Translation... I have zero time or interest in going to dinner with you. 
 Uh, excuse me, this is case-related. 
 It's not a date, though it's very interesting your mind went there. 
 My mind didn't go anywhere. What's this case thing? 
 Nope, I'm not gonna fall for that. 
 I tell you, you end up going there without me, and what's the fun in that, huh? 
 See you in 15. 
 [Cellphone beeps] 
 Hey! 
 It's the perfect definition of a beautiful surprise. 
 How you doing? Ooh. 
 [Door closes] You okay? 
 We need to talk. 
 [Chuckles] Nothing good comes from those four words. 
 I've been thinking a lot, and I think that we need to slow this, this "us," down. 
 How slow? 
 Pretty slow. 
 I just need some time. 
 I-I don't understand. 
 Is that about your divorce or... 
 I just think that our timing is off, and my clients need me. 
 Kat. 
 What aren't you telling me? 
 That this is what I want, and I wish you would respect my wishes. 
 This is what you want? 
 That's funny because your pulse is racing and you're developing a headache the size of the Grand Canyon. 
 This seems like the last thing you want. 
 I... 
 Goodbye, Rosie. 
 [Door opens] 
 [Lounge music plays, indistinct conversations] 
 Ugh. 
 Can this place by any more clichee? 
 The dim lighting, the cheesy decor, the seriously overpriced food... 
 Okay, enough already. What's up with you? 
 Nothing. 
 Don't "nothing" me. 
 This is the perfect setup for one of your "stop and smell the roses" lectures, but all I'm getting from you are broody cheekbones and silence. 
 I'm just hoping that the waitress that served Lavetta that night can remember who she was with. 
 Do you want to talk about whatever it is that stole your joy? 
 Nothing can steal my joy. 
 I hate to tell you this, but there has been a joy heist, and you, my friend, are the victim. 
 But I believe you were the one that was pushing for no personal talk, right? 
 You should be happy. 
 What would make me happy is normal, and normal would be you forcing me to taste that perfectly crisp garlic baguette off that guy's plate. 
 Jeanot said you wanted to see me. 
 Yes, um, did you serve this woman a couple nights ago? 
 Ah, oui. 
 She got in a big fight with her date, made quite the impression. 
 A fight about what? 
 I don't know. 
 He seemed interested in her, but I got the impression that she did not return the affections. 
 What gave you that impression? 
 Body language. 
 Body language? 
 You got all that from a few snippets of conversation and body language? 
 I mean, look around. It's all couples in here. 
 You work in a place like this long enough, and you become some type of relationship expert. 
 I mean, take you for example. 
 Did you get dumped or something tonight? 
 I mean, that's what your body language is telling me. 
 Is that what happened? 
 Uh, let's just focus on the case, okay? 
 Can you describe her date that night? 
 Uh, sure. 
 Uh... 5'10"-ish, clean-cut white guy, brown hair. 
 Oh, bad suit. 
 I told you. 
 Okay, now, don't jump to conclusions, okay? 
 Forgiveness my ass. 
 Ha ha! 
 You got nothing on these quick little fingers, player-player. 
 Look, I didn't tell you because I knew what you would think. 
 Oh, so you're a mind reader now? 
 Come on. 
 Son of a man she shot is the last one to see her alive. 
 Come on, Detective. 
 I didn't tell you about dinner because I knew that you'd waste all your time focusing your energy on investigating me. 
 Damn right I would have... and with good reason. 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 Yes, okay, I had feelings for Lavetta. 
 One way or another, she's been part of my life since she was 18. 
 But she didn't return all your warm and fuzzies, so you killed her. 
 This community center, this is where she spent all of her time. 
 It was important to her. 
 So why... [Chuckles] 
 Why would I be here lending a hand if I'd killed her? 
 Guilt makes people do all kinds of funny things. 
 You're barking up the wrong tree, Detective. 
 Hey. Take over for me, okay? 
 Don't lose. 
 [Soft music plays] 
 [Sighs] 
 Hey, you don't remember me, do you? 
 I'm Rosie. 
 Can I help you? 
 You're Tiana, right? 
 You haven't slept in at least a couple of days. 
 You're high on weed and likely "benzos," which means you're self-medicating. 
 [Sighs] 
 You know what I think? 
 I think you know something about Lavetta's murder, and it's keeping you up at night. 
 Listen, I ain't telling you nothing, all right? 
 Listen, I'm not a cop, okay? 
 I'm just a guy trying to get some justice for a woman who cared for you and all these other kids in here... 
 A woman who saw something in you worth fighting for. 
 I guess you don't care about none of that, though, right? 
 Miss Lavetta been gettin' visits from "Double Tap." 
 Who or what's a Double Tap? 
 Leader of the BWBS. 
 M-miss Lavetta's old gang from back in the day. 
 Double Tap been trying to get her to re-up with him. 
 And Lavetta wasn't interested? 
 Double Tap ain't exactly the type to let somebody dismiss her. 
 Oh, I think you're rubbing off on me in the worst way. 
 I actually believe Trevor. 
 What was that all about? 
 You ever heard of the BWBS? 
 Bitches with burners. Who hasn't? 
 Well, I think you might need to have a chat with their queen bee. 
 Emilia "Double Tap" Martinez. 
 You don't mind if I call you Emilia, do you? 
 I mean, Double Tap just seems a little lame for a grown-ass woman. 
 You call me whatever the hell you want. 
 See, I ain't talkin' to no puny punk-ass. 
 Wow. [Chuckles] 
 I'm puny  and  punk-ass. [Folder thuds] 
 Who knew? 
 Listen, I grew up with chicks like you. 
 I know how this works. 
 Listen. 
 If we was out in my streets, you wouldn't last a day. 
 Really? 
 You think you could take me? 
 I know I could. 
 Okay. 
 You like walks? Let's go for a walk. 
 Look, bitch, where the hell you taking me? 
 Here's the deal... I'm gonna kick your ass, and I'm not gonna even use my fists. 
 Oh, bitch, you crazy. 
 Yeah. Let's make things interesting. 
 If I kick your ass, you give up everything you know about Lavetta Serrano's murder. 
 And when I kick yours? 
 Get to walk up out of here, no questions asked. 
 Just like that? I can leave? 
 Yep. 
 No arrest, no nothing. 
 But if you don't keep up your end of the deal, I'll make sure every chola in Miami knows Double Tap got her ass handed to her by a puny punk-ass cop. 
 Oh, where I'm from, we don't walk away from no fight. 
 Mm. I was hoping you'd say that. 
 Mm. Okay. 
 That's how you want to play, bitch? 
 Yes, yes, it is. 
 Okay. 
 All right, let's go. I really do! 
 You want to keep going, mama? 
 Let's go. I could do this all day. 
 I got a lot of stuff I need to work out my system. [Growls] 
 You really are  loca. 
 Oh, okay, okay. 
 Lavetta Serrano... why were you harassing her? 
 I wasn't harassing nobody, hmm? 
 I went to welcome her back to la familia. 
 Okay. 
 But Lavetta didn't want nothing to do with us, and I respected her wishes. 
 Just like that? 
 You believe it or not, that's a fact. 
 Green and gold. 
 What gangs you know with those colors? 
 New chicks out of little Haiti. 
 FDS crew. 
 Stands for "Fleur de sang," some crap like that. 
 I take it you don't like them. 
 Look, these chicks is dangerous, man. 
 They young, and they ain't got no code. 
 And word on the street is Lavetta got in the way of their recruiting efforts. 
 Go wash your face. You look like crap. 
 [Humming] 
 That for me? 
 I know when something other than work is bothering you. 
 Nope. I'm fine, really. 
 You know, we can play the "I'm fine" or, you know, "mom, get out of my business" game, but we both know that, at the end of the day, I'm gonna find out anyway, so why don't you just tell me? 
 Speak. 
 Kat ended things. 
 But that doesn't make any sense. 
 The woman I met 36 hours ago was head over heels into you. 
 Well, apparently not. 
 [Pen scratching] 
 But, look, it doesn't matter. 
 I'm gonna respect her wishes and move on. 
 Tell me something. 
 Apparently, I tell you everything. 
 Does your not wanting to fight for Kat have anything to do with a Cuban woman we both know? 
 [Scoffs lightly] Yeah? 
 Nah, uh, come on. 
 Whatever I may or may not feel for Villa is irrelevant. 
 Says who? 
 Look, I've got a little less time on the life clock than I should. 
 That's a fact. 
 Villa's greatest fear is being left behind... also a fact. 
 So, what, are you protecting her against yourself? 
 No, I'm just trying to be the gentleman you raised me to be. 
 Okay. 
 So if Kat is what's right for you right now and you still want to be with her, then you fight for her. 
 Here. 
 Girls sent me up with this. 
 Oh, it's the test results on the burnt fiberglass. 
 Looks like... 
 What is it? 
 I know how the killer got into Lavetta's apartment. 
 We were wrong. She didn't let him in. 
 You can thank me at anytime. 
 [Sighs] 
 Damn it, Rosie! 
 [Sighs] I almost shot you. 
 [Holster clicks] 
 What am I thanking you for this time? 
 Don't sneak up on me like that, okay? 
 Oh, okay. 
 The fiberglass evidence that got us here. 
 I would've figured out the killer came in through the ceiling. 
 Mm, yeah, right, okay, if you say so. 
 You need some help getting up there? 
 No, I can... I can boost myself up, thank you. 
 Oh, okay, 'cause it's physically impossible to boost oneself up. 
 Can you just please move? 
 This space wasn't exactly built for two. 
 That's my aura... tends to fill a room. 
 [Sighs] 
 Someone's got some pep back in their step. 
 What happened? Your girlfriend take you back? 
 Nope, not yet, but I have a plan. 
 Just... 
 You know what? This is ridiculous. Let me help you. 
 No, I got it covered. 
 I'm not gonna drop you. 
 Are you ready? 
 Just make it quick. 
 Okay. On three. 
 One, two... 
 Hurry up. 
 Three! 
 Ready. Okay. 
 [Grunts] Thanks. 
 [Sighs] 
 What are you doing up here? 
 What are  you  doing up here? 
 I'm trying to find some evidence. What are you doing? 
 Yeah, that's what I thought. 
 I need you to stay out of my way. 
 Yeah, well, that's gonna be kind of hard to do. 
 [Sighs] 
 Let's go. 
 This is my John McClane moment. 
 You know, John McClane from "Die Hard"? 
 No, wait a minute. Don't tell me you have not seen "Die Hard." 
 No. 
 You... 
 I can't even figure out how you've not seen "Die Hard." 
 It's a great movie. 
 "Come out to the coast. Let's get together. Let's have a good time." 
 It's, "let's have a few laughs." 
 See, I knew you seen it. 
 Shh! 
 That is right. That's my bad. 
 Shh, shh, shh, shh. 
 There. 
 That's the only apartment that has access to the same crawlspace. 
 Here. 
 No, I got it. I got it. 
 Yep, yep. 
 Got it. 
 All right. Let's go down here. 
 You, Rosie... Stay. 
 [Grunts] 
 Villa: No one's home. 
 But I know whose place this is. 
 Tiana's. 
 There are photos of her and her sister all over the apartment. 
 Burnt fiberglass like the ones in Lavetta's lungs. 
 Lavetta's killer was right in front of us this whole time. 
 Well, I spent time with Tiana. 
 What I saw was a scared girl, not a killer. 
 Oh, really? 
 Well, how about she did it to prove herself to her gang, the FDS crew, and it worked? 
 Check this out. 
 She uploaded that to her cell five minutes ago. 
 Today's her initiation day. 
 Take a look at these. 
 The burnt fiberglass. 
 We have to find Tiana now. 
 [Hip-hop music playing, indistinct shouting] 
 [Car door closes] Villa: Welcome to initiation day. 
 Right, 'cause nothing says sisterhood like a good ass whupping. 
 East Miami P.D.! Break it up! 
 Hey, break it up! Break it up! 
 Break it up now! 
 We weren't doing nothin'. 
 Right, ladies? 
 Right. 
 This don't concern you. 
 She has a badge and a gun, okay? 
 I need you to make better choices. 
 I know you, don't I? That face... 
 Do you work out at iron fitness on 2nd Avenue? 
 No, that's not it. 
 Maybe the salsa club on Washington? 
 Oh, wait. I remember. 
 I saw you in your car outside Lavetta's apartment yesterday. 
 You do know Lavetta, right? 
 I mean, that would explain why you were in her apartment the night she died. 
 Wait. What? 
 ♪ Don't be a hater, throw me under the bus ♪ 
 Damn it. Why do they always run? 
 Hey, hey, it's a bad idea, bad idea, unless you like the smell of a jail. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Handcuffs click] 
 W-what the hell's going on? 
 I think your sister just got read her rights. 
 Your sister is under arrest for the murder of Lavetta Serrano. 
 That's crazy. You're lying. 
 We have the evidence to prove it, Tiana. 
 We have the green jeans she wore the night she killed Lavetta. 
 Still has burnt fiberglass all over them. 
 Regine? 
 The jeans were too big to be yours, Tiana. 
 [Siren wails] The DNA from the skin cells inside the jeans will prove that Regine was wearing them. 
 [Voice breaking] How could you? 
 Miss Lavetta was my friend. 
 She was trying to take you from us, Tiana. 
 She was filling your head with nonsense. 
 The FDS crew, we're your family. 
 Lavetta just wouldn't back off. 
 Let's go. 
 [Crying] 
 It's gonna be okay. Listen to me. 
 Tiana. [Exhales sharply] 
 Everyone has a contribution to make to this world. 
 You still have time to figure out what yours is gonna be. 
 Okay? Remember that. 
 Detective Villa pulled some strings with child protective services. 
 Tiana will be placed in a good home. 
 Lavetta saved her after all. 
 [Breathes shakily] 
 Lavetta's legacy... will be the last 365 days of her life that she spent at that community center, fighting for those girls, not the mistakes she made when she was 15. 
 Wow. 
 Your mother truly has a gift. 
 Donna Rosewood, grief counselor extraordinaire. 
 And on that note, I got to run. 
 [Breathes deeply] [Door opens] 
 He just needs a few more minutes alone. 
 I love you, mom. 
 I love you, too, baby girl. 
 Rosewood: Burning the midnight oil. 
 You can't be here now, Rosie. 
 I come bearing two gifts. 
 No, Rosie, y... 
 It's only gonna take a couple of minutes, okay? 
 Just... then I'll be out of your hair. 
 Open this one first, please. 
 [Box rustling] 
 It's beautiful. Uh, but, what is it? 
 Before the invention of clocks, many cultures used candle clocks to measure time. 
 Now, see these markings carved in here? 
 That's the way to tell how much time that passes, the candle burned down. 
 A gift of time. 
 Mm. 
 Are you ready for the other gift? 
 I know what the sec... 
 I'm not going anywhere. 
 Hey, what we have is... it's beautiful. 
 It's... it's life-affirming. 
 And it hasn't run its course. 
 So whatever... how much ever time you need, you take the time. 
 And I'll still be here. 
 I thought I could walk away from this, but I don't think that I can. 
 [Rihanna's "Russian Roulette" plays] 
 Villa, w-what are you doing here? 
 How could you... 
 What are you talking about? 
 Annalise, I just put two and two together yesterday. 
 You're making so much progress that I knew you wouldn't continue to see me if you knew that Rosie and I were dating, so I ended things with him so we could continue working together. 
 Right. 
 Because broken-up couples often stand around with their tongues down each other's throats. 
 I didn't even know that you were seeing Kat, but why is that a problem? 
 You two must've had a really good laugh at my expense, laying in bed, marveling over how screwed up I am. 
 Okay, Villa, you know I would never, ever do anything to hurt you like that. 
 Really? 
 I mean, 'cause if you really think about it, I barely know you. 
 Now you're being ridiculous. 
 I'm the idiot that let some death-obsessed, self-absorbed child worm his way into my life. 
 My bad. 
 Don't do that. 
 Do what? 
 Speak the truth? 
 I-isn't that what we're supposed to do in here? 
 You're making an excuse, okay? 
 You're trying to drive me away just like you do everybody else in your life. 
 Oh. 
 Yes. That's what you're doing. 
 This isn't it. 
 I don't owe you any answers. 
 I don't even know why I'm still standing here. 
 [Voice breaking] Stay away from me, Rosie. 
 ♪ Take a breath ♪ 
♪ Take it deep ♪ 
♪ Calm yourself ♪ 
 You know what? 
 In my professional opinion, I think the only way to hurt someone that much is if they really care about you. 
 ♪ You play for keeps ♪ 
 I've never seen her like that. 
 ♪ Take the gun ♪ 
 You should go after her. 
 ♪ And you can see my heart beating ♪ 
 It's okay. 
 ♪ You can see it through my chest ♪ 
 I think it's safe to say that our relationship has just run its course. 
 ♪ So just pull the trigger ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 