Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Quadriplegia and Quality Time - Rosewood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Quadriplegia and Quality Time https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=443&t=23711 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/12/15 03:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Quadriplegia and Quality Time 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Rosewood"... 
 You need some help getting up there? 
 Villa : No, I can... I can boost myself up, thank you. 
 Oh, okay, 'cause it's physically impossible to boost oneself up. 
 Can you just please move? 
 This space wasn't exactly built for two. 
 You used to work for the county? 
 Yep. 
 Back in '06 with my father. 
 Just after you transferred to New York. 
 Whoa! Dad! 
 [Chuckling] Hey! 
 What? What? 
 [Chuckles] It's good to see you. 
 Your father came home because... 
 We need to speak to you about something important. 
 We're getting divorced. 
 Rosewood : I've got next. 
 Came for a shoot-and-talk? 
 No, I just want to play. 
 You sure you don't want to say anything? 
 Okay, then. 
 How about a lose-and-listen? 
 [Sighs] 
 I feel a range of emotions... Happiness, because I beat you... 
 One more game. 
 And pity because you seem to enjoy it. 
 No, no. What I do enjoy is seeing you do your thing. 
 I like learning from the best. 
 Mm, well, the best is tired of schooling you, so I'll pass on a game. 
 Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on. 
 Let's... let's make this interesting. 
 If you win, I'll do anything you want. 
 When you lose, you have to admit that your magic palate thing is bogus and a cry for help. 
 Mnh. No, no, no. 
 The only help I need is in convincing you that my power to detect the minutest detail in food is real. 
 And I accept your terms. 
 But if I win... 
 You have to perform a task to be revealed later. 
 You're on. 
 Rack 'em. 
 ♪ 1, 2, 3, 4 gimme some more ♪ 
♪ Gimme some more, yeah ♪ 
♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, gimme some more ♪ 
♪ Just gimme some more, yeah ♪ 
♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, gimme some more ♪ 
♪ Gimme, gimme some more, just gimme some more ♪ 
 Take your time. 
 Don't be nervous. 
 Rosewoods don't get nervous. 
 I know one Rosewood who's nervous. 
 No, no, you're trying to get me nervous by getting into my head, but it's not gonna work. 
 I'm just trying to be supportive, you know? 
 'Cause I know you've got this shaky hand thing. 
 Oh, really? Do you see a shaky hand? Because I don't see a shaky hand. 
 Where do you see a shaky hand? I don't see a shaky hand. 
 I see someone who's about to miss this shot. 
 Oh, is that what you see? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. 
 Well, meet [Speaks indistinctly] 
 [Laughs] 
 And don't say you let me win, either. 
 No, that kind of mercy isn't in me. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Sighs] Man: Last call, everybody. 
 I know that look. 
 "It's the end of the night, the bar is closing, and you realize your problems are waiting for you outside" look. 
 Yeah, it's my father and I. 
 We, uh, we get into it a lot. 
 It's not just about the divorce. 
 It's... there's this trial that we're a part of, and... 
 I don't know, it's really complicated. 
 Two things... 
 One, you're not an awful pool player, and two, you've got this. 
 Because you're a survivor like me. 
 Donna : He's been sitting out there for the last 20 minutes. 
 I don't think he's coming in. 
 Which is why you need to go out to him. 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 Beaumont Sr. : Son. 
 Why don't you come inside? 
 Nah. 
 I think what I need is to talk to you alone. 
 It's almost 3:00. 
 10 minutes tops, we're there. Let's go. 
 [Engine turns over] 
 [Laughs] 
 [Indistinct shouting] 
 You're a bad influence. 
 I only eat like this when I'm around you. 
 Mm. 
 Who's that up at bat? 
 It's Bo Rodgers. 
 Ah. 
 His timing's off. His swing's a mess. 
 No, swing's fine. 
 Umpire : Strike! 
 He just has a habit of guessing the wrong pitch. 
 He's locked in. He'll get a hit. 
 Yeah, right. Please. I mean, come on, look at him. 
 His weight's down a bit, his eyes are sticking out. 
 He has swelling at the base of his neck. 
 He's hyperthyroid, which means his shoulders are weak. 
 His hitting's off. He's not gonna get a hit. 
 You're reading the living, hmm? 
 I taught you that trick. 
 But I'm the master of that trick, and the master... 
 [Laughs] 
 Sees a line drive to left center field. 
 Oh, okay, well, there's a new master in town, and he suggests that the old master should go ahead and admit that he's no longer the top dog. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I raised you to think big, but that's overkill. 
 You will never get one up on me, son. 
 All right. We'll see. 
 Oh, we'll see. 
 We'll see. 
 So, dad, listen. I got to know why. 
 I mean, 40 years of marriage. 
 It has to be... 
 I'm not talking about the end of my marriage with you. 
 You knew I wanted to talk. 
 I mean, why'd you come to the game? 
 To tell you I'm not talking about the end of my marriage with you and enjoy this game. 
 Woman : Come on! 
 Make him throw to you! Get a hit! 
 Swing the bat, Bo! Come on, man! 
 Umpire : Ball. Inside. 
 Let's talk about how quickly we can get you back on Flecainide. 
 I've been off that stuff for a long... 
 Yeah, at least two months. 
 Dad, I fired you as my doctor years ago. 
 What are you talking about? 
 And that was a mistake. 
 We both know I'm best suited to treat you. 
 No, not anymore, you're not. 
 I'm just as good of a doctor as you are. 
 [Laughs] No, son. You are not. 
 It's time you accepted that. 
 [Bat clanks] 
 [Crowd cheering] 
 Go, Bo! Huh? 
 Left center field! 
 Oh! Go, Bo! 
 [Keyboard clacking] 
 Rosewood : Tres leches from that place on third you like. 
 Just wanted to say thank you for the other night... 
 The listening, not the losing. 
 You got lucky. 
 You got hustled. 
 [Scoffs] Villas don't get hustled. 
 Well, I know one Villa who definitely got hustled. 
 Is it the same Villa who wants this stupid bet to be over? 
 I take issue with the word "stupid". 
 I take issue with  you. 
 No, you don't. Can you swim? 
 Yes, I can swim. 
 Good, good, good. Um, do you have any allergies? 
 Yes. Every word that comes out of your mouth. 
 You know, another word for allergy is sensitivity. 
 Rosie, what are you planning? 
 Something really good. 
 Something... 
 You got a case. 
 Murder victim was pushed out of a speeding car doing 100 miles per hour. 
 Suspect is unknown and in the wind. 
 And you can't tag along 'cause you have that court thing. 
 A case without Rosie. 
 It's like praying for a purple unicorn and actually getting one. 
 Ouch, ouch, ouch. 
 You know that hurts. 
 You know, if you don't want me on your cases, all you have to do is say so. 
 I don't make a habit of being where I'm not wanted. 
 Are you kidding me? 
 You're addicted to being where you're not wanted. 
 Enjoy your case, Villa. 
 Enjoy your... I don't care. 
 Yes, you do. 
 No, I don't. 
 Yeah, you do. 
 Hey, Villa. I see you got my report. 
 Gosh, I can't believe you solved that case so fast. 
 No, actually. I'm not so sure I did. 
 I need you to take another look at the body. 
 What for? There's nothing to find. 
 No, no, no. Everything is falling together too easy. 
 Something's missing. 
 You are missing something. 
 Rosie. 
 [Scoffs] That's crazy. 
 I'm just being thorough, okay? 
 Hornstock is taking a few days. 
 When he gets back, I want to show him I don't need a partner. 
 Sure, 'cause you already have one. 
 [Chuckles] Wait till I tell the guys upstairs. 
 Do that, and you'll need an autopsy. 
 Hey, don't you have to go down to the courthouse today to talk to the A.D.A.? 
 Guess what? Rosie's there. 
 Yeah. Word is, he's testifying on a murder trial. 
 Why don't you stop by and say hello and whisper some sweet nothings in his ear? 
 I'm not happy with this conversation, Max. 
 What's in the smoothie? 
 Really? Come on. 
 We don't do small talk. 
 Fine, just thought you might want to know why you shouldn't be drinking that, but whatever. 
 [Scoffs] 
 [Sighs] Spinach, apple, pineapple, and lemon. 
 So what? 
 The energy density of the fruit dwarfs the energy density of the Greens, making the smoothie high in sugar. 
 And you're probably not rotating the Greens, which could cause alkaloid build-up, symptoms being tingling... 
 I know what the symptoms are. 
 Then by all means. 
 Continue consuming solid food as liquid. 
 I will. Thank you. 
 Mm. 
 Enjoying your coffee? 
 Mm. I am. New place around the corner. 
 Yeah, yeah, I know. They specialize in high-end beans. 
 Based on the scribble on your cup, I see you got the Kopi Luwak. 
 It's harvested in Indonesia from the defecation of the cat-like palm civet. 
 And about mom, Pippy, and TMI's seating arrangement in court, I took care of that. 
 Gentlemen? They're ready for you. 
 Woman : This is the story of an apprentice and his mentor, a student and his coach. 
 There was a time when the coach was everything the student hoped he'd be, but then the student learned that the coach was not the man he thought he was, and when he confronted the coach, the student's life changed forever. 
 Anton Monroe had a bright future. 
 He was a collegiate surfer, majored in social work. 
 He volunteered with charities for at-risk youth. 
 His family has been a pillar in the Miami community for decades. 
 Anton was putting in extra hours for a big meet. 
 That was the theory behind why he was so weak after his last workout. 
 He had too many at a bar. 
 The bartender took his keys, so he slept it off in the back of his truck. 
 That's the last thing he remembered before waking up in a hospital bed. 
 Anton was diagnosed with surfer's myelopathy. 
 The disease made him quadriplegic. 
 A year later, he died. 
 The evidence will show that coach Ron Walker murdered Anton after learning he wanted a new coach. 
 He roofied Anton at that bar. 
 When Anton's memory started coming back, coach Ron finished the job he started. 
 He has no alibi, witnesses saw him arguing with Anton, and he has a history of roughing up his athletes. 
 We have an expert witness, Dr. Beaumont Rosewood Jr., who believes the injuries on Anton's body indicate homicide. 
 The defense says Anton wasn't murdered at all. 
 Their expert, Dr. Beaumont Rosewood, Sr. said Anton died of natural causes. 
 The guilt or innocence of coach Ron will come down to science and the word of these two men. 
 This story has two endings, but there is only one truth. 
 Anton Monroe was murdered. 
 Help us get justice for a young man whose life has been tragically cut short by a man he loved, a man he trusted... his mentor. 
 S01E07 
Quadriplegia and Quality Time 
 Rosewood : My father was the original M.E. On the case. 
 He concluded that a year after becoming paralyzed, Anton died of a pulmonary embolism, a known complication of quadriplegia. 
 If Anton died of natural causes, why was he brought to you? 
 How is there even a trial? 
 There are only nine cases of surfer's myelopathy in the world. 
 Anton's father wanted to know why it affected his son, so he asked my father to take another look at the body but got turned down. 
 So he came to see me. 
 When a body comes into my lab, I don't see death. 
 I see the life they won't get to live. 
 It drives my search for answers. 
 Anton's case was different. 
 His father helped me focus not on the life that Anton lost but on the life he lived. 
 So I took the case. 
 I found a scar tissue track beneath the skin, and when you add that to the bone chip, you've got trauma. 
 What caused the bone chip? 
 I think when Anton left the bar, someone jammed a hypodermic needle in his neck. 
 They were hoping it'd kill him, but instead, they paralyzed him. 
 Anton was misdiagnosed. 
 He did not have surfer's myelopathy. 
 And the pulmonary embolism? How does that fit in? 
 The embolism is triggered by the paralysis, so the person responsible for the quadriplegia is the one that's guilty of murder. 
 Couldn't the bone chip and scar tissue have been caused by him hitting his head on his surfboard? 
 Yes, it could, if there wasn't a scar tissue path to the bone. 
 So... 
 A clean, smooth needle wouldn't leave a scar... 
 Dr. Rosewood, are you okay? 
 Which is why I examined the tissue at a microscopic level. 
 I know what I'm doing. 
 Judge : All right, that's enough. 
 You will direct your answers to the person asking you the questions. 
 And you... Don't write notes in class. 
 Dr. Rosewood, why don't you tell us all about this test that you used to look at the tissue microscopically? 
 It was developed by a very well-respected doctor in his field, your expert witness, Dr. Beaumont Rosewood, Sr. 
 Your honor, I think we'd like a brief recess. 
 Judge : Granted. 30 minutes. 
 [Gavel bangs] 
 Villa, what are you doing here? 
 Meeting with the a.D.A. How's your court thing? 
 Great. 
 I'm up against this obnoxious medical examiner who I just squashed on the stand. 
 You must really dislike this guy. Who is he? 
 His father. Beaumont Rosewood, Sr. 
 I presume you're Detective Villa. 
 I've heard a lot about you. 
 Wait, you didn't say you and your dad were dueling expert witnesses. 
 How did this happen? 
 The victim's father asked my dad for help, and he turned him down. 
 Joel asked you to see Anton not as a bunch of medical records, but as his son. 
 And because you couldn't do that, a murderer almost got away. 
 Anton died of natural causes. 
 Coach Ron is on trial for a crime that never happened. 
 You'd see that if you weren't emotionally involved. 
 Does he get this way with you? 
 All the time. Kind of exhausting. 
 You're not alone in this anymore. 
 Can we, like, meet up from time to time for support? 
 [Laughs] 
 Is this fun for you? 
 Most fun I've had all day. 
 Yeah, that's what I thought. Looks like it. 
 Gentlemen? They're ready. 
 The amount of scar tissue my son found doesn't support homicide. 
 Man : But what about this test that he used? 
 I taught it to him the year he worked as my intern. 
 My test will not function properly with the equipment he uses in his lab. 
 I have studies to back this up. 
 An innocent man is on trial for murder because my son relies too heavily on technology. 
 Woman : Objection, your honor. My witness isn't on trial here. 
 [Door opens, footsteps approaching] 
 Twice in one day? 
 I looked at Anton's case file. 
 We need more evidence to prove that he was murdered, which means we need to exhume the body. 
 I reached out to the parents, but their assistant won't put my calls through. 
 Don't you have another case? 
 Already solved. I've got your back. 
 That's what we do. We're partners. 
 I appreciate the offer, but I got it. 
 Too much. It's a great joke. 
 Oh, I love this... 
 You and I getting to know each other. It's... 
 Before I go back on my book tour, we're doing lunch. 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 Oh, I bet that is Mario's. 
 To avoid arguing, I just ordered from each person's favorite place. 
 [Laughs] I know. It was brilliant. 
 [Door opens] 
 What you said on the stand... I know what you're trying to do. 
 You're trying to get inside my head. 
 I'm not trying. 
 If I'm in there, that's on you. 
 Pippy is running late. 
 She said to get started without her. 
 TMI, you're the one who called this family meeting. 
 It's your show. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Our family is in crisis. 
 A divorce and a court case have fractured our strong, yet delicate bond. 
 [Doorbell rings] 
 That's a strong beginning. 
 A little over-rehearsed, but strong. 
 Hi. Good evening. 
 Have you accepted Jesus as your lord and savior? 
 Yes, I have, but I only have a few minutes. 
 Okay, um, my name is Lester Gorae. 
 [Sighs] And I'm Donna Rosewood. 
 If you would just take a look inside this brochure, you will see that you've been served. 
 Using the lord to serve subpoenas? 
 One day he's gonna serve you with something more than papers. 
 I'm an atheist, so... 
 Hey, guys. 
 The prosecution is calling me as a character witness against your father. 
 What? 
 It's an epidemic. 
 I got served at the lab for the defense. 
 It's called witness impeachment. 
 Each side is trying to discredit the other's expert witness. 
 Okay, so I get why they called me in. 
 I mean, I work for Rosie, but why mom? 
 'Cause mom knows something incriminating about dad. 
 Come on, seriously. You're not gonna tell us? 
 Wow. 
 
 
 
 [Door opens] 
 I told you we should have told them a long time ago. 
 [Door opens, closes] 
 Ms. Rosewood, what is your profession and what does it entail? 
 I'm a toxicology analyst. 
 I study bodily fluids for drugs and other chemicals. 
 So you are familiar with how drugs affect the body? 
 That is correct. 
 Can you tell us what warfarin, santyl, and daylene are used for? 
 Please answer the question. 
 How dare he ask me about Rosie's meds. 
 They're trying to make it sound like he was high when he did Anton's autopsy. 
 I mean, who the hell does this guy think he is? 
 I'm sorry. I didn't mean to... 
 [sighs] 
 I wanted to talk to Rosie about the case. 
 How is he? 
 He's doing better than me. 
 I mean, you should have seen the way the jury looked at him when they found out that he treats himself, that nobody monitors his dosages. 
 Court is in recess for a few hours. 
 He's at his apartment. 
 Maybe you should go talk to him. 
 I know Rosie's going through a rough time, but we're just partners. 
 Don't pretend that you don't care about Rosie big-time. 
 You're always here, like weaseling your way onto our cases. 
 Mm, I think that's the other way around. 
 Okay, if you say so. 
 Well, if you are gonna talk to Rosie, let me just catch you up on everything. 
 Um... 
 [Clears throat] 
 Our family is in crisis. 
 There is a divorce and a... 
 Okay, I am going to text you Rosie's address, okay? 
 Thank you, Detective. 
 Sorry. Time is of the essence. 
 [Knocks] 
 Hey. 
 Come in. 
 Oh! Nice place. 
 Yeah, it's a fusion between coastal and contemporary decor. 
 I spoke to Pippy and TMI. 
 Oh. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah, I think I made a mistake. 
 You're annoyingly good at what you do. 
 If you say Anton was murdered, then he was likely murdered. 
 What if I was off my game? 
 If you were, you'd know, and then you'd bore someone to death with how it made you feel. 
 Okay, I take issue with the way you use the word "bore." 
 And I take issue with the self-doubt you're wearing. 
 Not a good look. 
 Yeah. 
 I can read everyone and everything, but I didn't see my own parents were unhappy. 
 Because they're your parents. 
 I mean, if anyone can pull one over on you, it's them. 
 So I'm still working out the details of this bet. 
 You scared of heights? 
 No, I'm not scared of heights. 
 Good, good. That's gonna open it up a bit. 
 [Cellphone rings] 
 Talk to her now or listen to her rant and rave later. 
 Choose wisely. 
 Hey, mom. 
 Donna : I know you're mad. 
 No more secrets. 
 We'll tell you everything. 
 We think the D.A. is gonna ask me about the night your father got pulled over for a broken tail light. 
 I was drinking so the officer gave me a breathalyzer. 
 I was .01 over the limit. 
 That's not like you. 
 Your health issues were caused by your being born prematurely. 
 What we wanted to understand was why you came into the world so early. 
 So we had our DNA sequenced. 
 At the time, the results weren't significant. 
 A year ago, an old friend reached out to your father. 
 His research improves analysis of DNA results. 
 I've a single-point variation in one of my genes, and if passed down to the fetus, it could trigger an infection and cause premature birth. 
 I was drinking that night because I learned your life... your struggles... are all my fault. 
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Can I, um... 
 Can I get a minute with dad? 
 Rosie, maybe we can... No, no. It's okay. 
 Beaumont and I need to talk this out. 
 So... 
 So, you knew about this gene variant for a year? 
 And you chose not to tell me I was at risk for colon cancer? 
 You're African-American. 
 That box was already checked off. 
 How about macular degeneration? 
 Which would you have seen in your retinal angiograms. 
 Me telling you was insignificant medically. 
 Yeah, but it's extremely significant personally. 
 I-I don't even know why I'm surprised. 
 Unh-unh. Don't walk away from me. 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 Oh, it means that you haven't been my doctor for years, but you still see me as one of your patients and not your son. 
 And you know what? Real talk. Real talk. 
 I took you off my case when I was 18 because I needed a father. 
 No, you needed both, which is exactly what you got. 
 Oh, no, no, I got the doctor. I got the doctor in spades. 
 But the father... [Chuckles] 
 I only got him for about nine innings at a time. 
 I regret that there's nothing I can do to help you see that the doctor and the father are one in the same. 
 Beaumont, your father and I... 
 Ma. Not now. 
 [Sighs] 
 Not now. 
 Hey. 
 We already know what's going down in the courtroom, so let's roll. 
 Go to Berman's, get some corned beef, some milkshakes. 
 Who's caring about calories right now? My treat. 
 Okay, Pipp, I'm not... 
 What's sibling code number 19? 
 When Pippy offers to pay... 
 You let Pippy pay. 
 All right? 
 Let's go. 
 Hey. I need you to come this way, please. 
 [Chuckling] Okay. 
 Okay. 
 Welcome to operation just slow your roll. 
 [Chuckles] All right. 
 I need you to take this. 
 You and dad have hit a rough patch. 
 That's it, that's all. 
 Baby, I know this is diff... 
 Mom, listen. Dad has been working a lot. 
 You just retired. Come on. 
 You guys... you need to take some time away together. 
 Now all these books, they say that improving communication with your spouse is the key to saving any marriage. 
 Now, if you got to talk it out, what better place than Maui, sippin' on tropical drinks you've never heard of? 
 Okay, look. 
 Also, there is this great resort that has a couples retreat. 
 Now, I know what you're gonna say. 
 You're gonna say I don't want people all in my business, and I get that, but, mom, this could be great. 
 You and dad can recapture that... that spark you lost. 
 Come here. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Knock on door] 
 Wow. Um, okay. 
 I'm looking for the perfect word to describe how you look. 
 A few words in Swahili come to mind. 
 Amazing. Let's just go with amazing. 
 Let's go with amazing. I can do that. 
 Go pick out something nice from your closet, and make sure it complements all of this. 
 I got standards. 
 Oh, really? Why? Where are we going? 
 Charity event... Sail Beach Club. 
 Is the bedroom this way? 
 Yeah, but, wait. 
 This room says so much. 
 What? That I'm a passionate, caring... 
 One more word and I'll tase you. 
 Oh, you got a taser? That's good. 
 I can use that for the bet. 
 Rosewood, what the hell are you... 
 Wouldn't you like to know? 
 But wait, wait. Hold on. Wait, Villa. 
 Wow. 
 Do you really need three of the same suit? 
 Actually, they're all different... 
 Cuts. Yeah. 
 Single-vent jacket is the American, the one with the low gorge lines is British, and the fabric on this one screams Italian. 
 I know my way around men's suits. 
 Oh, she knows her cuts, but can she bring it all together? 
 Italian silk, herringbone weave with custom tailoring. 
 Self-stripe white shirt. 
 Belts and shoes can be tricky. 
 Please. 
 Smooth black leather belt. 
 Hand-dyed indigo persian leather Oxfords are the only choice. 
 And let's not demean this ensemble with a tie. 
 I'm thinking pocket square. 
 Hurry up. We've got a case to work. 
 Wait. All this was about my case? 
 Our  case. 
 We need to get the parents to consent to an exhumation. 
 I thought you already tried. 
 I did. They're hard to get to. 
 So, wait. 
 A charity event... The Monroes are gonna be there. 
 Yes. It's Anton's foundation. 
 They'll have to schmooze everyone, which means easier access to them. 
 We get consent, you get another crack at the body. 
 Huh. So, wait. 
 If Anton was stabbed with a needle, then maybe there's gonna be some metal residue near the bone chip. 
 That's what I'm talking about. 
 So how do you plan on getting us into the Monroe's charity event? 
 An old informant, B&E. He works at the Beach Club. 
 He put us on the list. 
 Oh, B&E? 
 Tell me that's not short for breaking and entering. 
 It is. 
 He tried to Jack a pawn shop when I was a rookie. 
 Wow, so you nicknamed someone after a criminal offense. 
 And you say I don't engage people. 
 All right, well, let's go talk to the parents. 
 With any luck, hopefully they'll give us consent. 
 [Indistinct conversation] 
 Mr. and Mrs. Monroe, I'm sure you understand that time is of the essence. 
 Absolutely not. 
 We are not exhuming our son's body. 
 Admit it. 
 When it comes to Anton, you like disagreeing with me. 
 It's a sickness with you. 
 Everything okay? 
 People with deep pockets are getting nervous. 
 This is our assistant, Jeff. 
 Everything's fine. 
 Everything is not fine. 
 They want us to dig up Anton's body. 
 Tell Mr. Monroe that is a bad idea. 
 He can't do that. 
 He sees eye-to-eye with me on that. 
 Don't you, Jeff? 
 You know what? 
 I think they're calling for me over there, so I should... 
 Mrs. Monroe, why won't you help us? 
 Anton would have never met coach Ron if it weren't for Joel. 
 I have a hard time trusting his judgment. 
 What does she mean by that? 
 I'm a surfing coach. 
 I could make winners out of everybody except Anton. 
 And failing him as a coach made me feel like I failed him as a dad. 
 Look, I know about grief and wanting someone to blame, but Mrs. Monroe, your husband isn't at fault here. 
 Help us make this right. 
 Help us get justice for your son. 
 Your honor, I request that Beaumont Jr. 
 Perform the autopsy. 
 Beaumont Sr. has more experience. 
 He was chief medical examiner for over 20 years. 
 And he hasn't touched a scalpel in a year. 
 I do four autopsies a week. 
 Son, I think we both know your fancy equipment and employees do all the work for you. 
 Translation... 
 I have the resources and the lab to do this autopsy. 
 The M.E. said I can use his lab, your honor. 
 Which brings up the issue of cost. 
 Beaumont Jr.'s fees are... 
 Equal zero. I'll do it pro Bono. 
 Enough! 
 I hereby order that Beaumont Rosewood will perform a third autopsy on Anton Monroe. 
 Which Beaumont Rosewood? 
 Both. 
 Have a nice day. 
 [Gavel bangs] 
 Okay. The results are in. 
 TMI just sent them down to the monitor here. 
 Beaumont Sr. : Whoa. 
 Don't you want to see who's right? 
 No, because that means one of you is wrong, and I don't want to see the fallout. 
 So we're just gonna leave, and you two, please don't kill each other. 
 There's nickel on the vertebral body localized at the spot where it was chipped. 
 Anton was stabbed, which means he was murdered. 
 I know you've been waiting for this moment a long time. 
 Take your best shot. 
 No, I'm gonna let you pass on this one. 
 I don't need your pity. 
 I'm not some has-been who lost his step. 
 Can you say that again? 
 You think I've lost my confidence since I retired. 
 No, I think you lost it long before that. 
 But I get it... 
 Why my father is so hell-bent on being my doctor. 
 Dad, it's not your job to fix me. 
 This pitiful, self-loathing man you're describing isn't me, and I resent that you think it is. 
 What are you doing? 
 You proved Anton was murdered, not that coach Ron did it. 
 The wrong man could be going to jail. 
 Dad, you are reaching. 
 I've read Coach Ron. He's innocent. 
 If there's evidence on this body that'll prove that, I'm gonna find it. 
 Fine. 
 [Tablet beeps] 
 If you can find the lights, you turn them off when you're done. 
 Villa. 
 Anton was murdered. 
 You were right. 
 No, no,  we  were right. 
 You could have told me this in a text. 
 Are you gonna tell me why you're here, or...? 
 Okay. 
 I always believed that my father didn't think I measured up because of my health problems, but I was wrong. 
 My health problems made him feel that he didn't measure up. 
 He blames himself for not being able to fix me. 
 So I take it savior complexes are a Rosewood family trait? 
 I don't have a savior complex. 
 Your savior complex has a savior complex. 
 I see people in need. What do you expect me to do? 
 Leave them alone and let them live their lives? 
 Oh, now you're talking crazy. 
 Uh, savior complex, just like your dad. 
 And I can prove it. 
 You blame yourself for your parents' divorce. 
 [Chuckling] No, I don't. 
 But if you have proof, let me hear it. 
 The charity event. 
 You took one look at the Monroes and saw your parents and all of the arguments they must have had about you. 
 The reason you're pissed you didn't see that your parents were unhappy is because you feel like you could have fixed them, and you wanted to fix them because you think you broke them. 
 Annalise Villa. 
 She kicks ass and she kicks knowledge. 
 So tell me, wise one, what do I do about my father? 
 My dad took off 15 years ago and never looked back. 
 But your dad is still here. 
 Figure it out. 
 I'll do that. 
 But before I do, do you speak cantonese? 
 No. 
 What does swimming, allergies, tasers, heights, and speaking cantonese have to do with our bet? 
 [Chuckling] 
 [Sighs] This is gonna be fun. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 I don't need or want to go another round. 
 One more question, then we can go to our respective corners. 
 I accept that... that your marriage is over... 
 But am I the cause of death? 
 No. 
 If I trust you on this, I'm gonna need you to trust me on something. 
 My health issues aren't your fault. 
 Well, so you find proof that coach Ron is innocent? 
 Nope. 
 And I'm down to the last few organs. 
 It looks like he did it. 
 A second set of eyes can't hurt. 
 Did you go see Detective Villa? 
 Come on. Don't start, dad. 
 [Laughs] I'll take that as a "yes". 
 Interesting how after our dust-up, that's who you wanted to see. Must mean something. 
 It means she's a friend, and listening is what friends do, so... 
 Uh-huh. 
 And she's just a friend because...? 
 Your mother will want to know. 
 Right, right. Of course mom wants to know, so... 
 Just let mom know, among other things, she's still grieving her husband. 
 I'm sorry to hear that. What happened to him? 
 Coincidentally, he died of a... pulmonary embolism. 
 I know that look. 
 I gave you that look, that "I got something" gaze. 
 Right, right. 
 So what was the one thing we agreed on in Anton's case. 
 A year ago, he died of a pulmonary embolism. 
 And that was second to his quadriplegia. 
 I never looked at his pulmonary embolism under a microscope. 
 Neither did I. I didn't see the need. 
 I see the need now. 
 Take a look at this. 
 It looks like some kind of sclerosing agent... 
 Maybe gel foam. 
 And gel foam induces clots, which means... 
 The pulmonary embolism wasn't caused by his quadriplegia. 
 Someone injected Anton with gel foam and that created the clot. 
 Exactly. And it takes a minute for the clot to form and then travel to the lungs. 
 Now, I snuck a peek at the case file... 
 Same here. Coach Ron is innocent. 
 He was in New York when Anton died. 
 I know who the killer is. 
 I know who the killer is. 
 Rosewood : Jeff worked at medical supply company before he became your assistant, and once Anton joined the surfing team, he became the hotshot. 
 All the endorsements started going to him. 
 Jeff was Anton's teammate. 
 He became jealous of Anton. 
 And Jeff stabbed him. 
 Anton... he didn't remember the attack, so Jeff was in the clear. 
 A year later, Anton started recalling the memories of the attack. 
 Jeff panicked, and he injected him with the gel foam, inducing a pulmonary embolism. 
 The guilt started getting to Jeff, and once Detective Villa tapped into that, it didn't take long to get a confession. 
 So now your son can rest in peace. 
 Detective Villa. 
 [Laughs] I like you. 
 [Laughs] 
 As fathers go, you're not too bad yourself. 
 As much as his family loves him, sometimes we still see him as the sick little boy he used to be and not the independent man he is now. 
 You don't see him that way, which is how I know that you give him something he can never have with us... 
 A clean slate. 
 My son needs you. 
 He needs you, too. 
 So stop being such a jackass. 
 Have a nice day. 
 Pippy : You have not been yourself. 
 Donna Rosewood fights. She saves the day. 
 And you have a marriage you can't fix and a husband and a son you can't fix and this daughter who's perfect, so there's nothing to fix. 
 So it's like the "s" has fallen off of your chest, and it's okay. 
 Like, really, it... 
 It's okay to take time to save yourself. 
 'Cause I know that the divorce was your idea. 
 But you've... You've got this son who lives every day of his life to the fullest. 
 And I think one day you woke up and realized that you weren't. 
 Now you took a risk... a risk to be happy. 
 And I can't be mad at you for that. 
 We can't be mad at you for falling out of love with dad. 
 So, mom... 
 You're free. 
 Please don't worry about us. 
 I want you to do what's right for you. 
 I don't recall giving you permission... to grow up. 
 I love you. 
 What do you think? 
 He should have monitored his vitamin D level. 
 It's high. 
 His blood work is off, too. 
 His c-reactive protein level is above normal. 
 Which is why I'm looking into a new blood analyzer that just came out. 
 Send me the research. 
 Okay, I'm here. 
 Do your worst. 
 What do I have to do for the bet? 
 A dance. 
 The owners are taking this song out the jukebox... 
 And I don't like to dance to miles Davis by myself. 
 Rosie, come on. 
 [Miles Davis' "Green Haze" playing] 
 Seriously? 
 A bet's a bet. 
 So you walked in here with your "thinking about something" face. 
 I don't have a "thinking about something" face. 
 No, you most definitely have a "thinking about something" face. 
 [Sighs] 
 We can talk about it or not. It's up to you. 
 Being around your family reminded me that I don't have mine. 
 My dad's gone, my brother's on the other side of the world, and my mom... 
 Is a stone's throw away. 
 Listen, if the Rosewoods can put aside their differences to work a case, then the Villas can put aside theirs to do whatever it is the Villas do. 
 You make it sound so easy. 
 Sorry. It's the bass in my voice. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Ohhhh, okay. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 