Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Secrets & Silent Killers - Rosewood 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Secrets & Silent Killers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=443&t=28807 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/30/16 02:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Secrets & Silent Killers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Up with it, girl, rock with it, girl ♪ 
♪ Show them it, girl, bada bang bang ♪ 
 [Indistinct talking] 
 [Sniffs] 
 Guys, the cops come in, find drugs in my club, party's over for everybody... permanently, okay? 
 Biff : Come on, man. 
 Our boy's getting ball-and-chained this weekend. 
 Don't kill his buzz yet. 
 Yo, I got to drain the dragon. 
 Hey, keep the drinks coming, huh? 
 ♪ 'Til I hit the dance floor, hit the dance floor ♪ 
♪ I got all I need ♪ 
 Stop following me. Look... 
 Get the hell... Get off me! Don't touch me. 
 ♪ Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight ♪ 
 All right, guys, I got to call it a night. 
 Unlike you degenerates, I have a wife at home. 
 What?! 
 Luke : All right, all right, all right. 
 Trevor. My man. 
 Welcome to the club. 
 It's early! 
 Hey, babe. 
 I am on my way home. 
 I love you. I'll see you soon. 
 Fingers crossed you're still awake. 
 Damn it. It's after 5:00. 
 How'd it get so late? Or, I guess, so early? 
 Hold on a second. I think I found something. 
 Eddie was pretty badly beaten three months prior to his murder. 
 What? What are you looking at? 
 His medical records from New York. 
 He was admitted on broken ribs, oral lacerations, hyoid fracture... 
 R-Rosie, that's impossible. 
 I'd have noticed if he came home beaten up. 
 Wait, let me see. 
 Wait a sec... Wait a second. I remember the date. 
 It was a car accident. 
 He fell asleep at the wheel on the way home, hit a guardrail. 
 I met him at the E.R. 
 Villa, Eddie may or may not have been in a car accident, but prior to getting into that car, he got the crap beat out of him. 
 A-Are you saying he lied to me? 
 Okay, look. 
 See these cuts right here? 
 Those are bite marks. 
 Villa, cars don't bite. 
 [Cellphone rings] 
 Detective Villa. 
 Uh-oh. You sound irritated, Detective. 
 The sun's barely up. 
 Did I wake you? 
 Why are you calling, sir? 
 "Sir"? Ouch. 
 Thought we were in a better place than that, but okay. 
 We got a dead victim down at East Marl Marsh. 
 I need you to get down there. 
 That's all the way across town. 
 Isn't there anyone closer? 
 I need  you  on this one. I trust you. 
 I'm still trying to figure out the rest of the department. 
 I... Fine, fine. 
 I'll... I'll meet you there. 
 No, not this time. I mean, the sun's barely up, right, Detective? 
 Someone should enjoy their coffee and be well-rested for the day. 
 You just keep me posted. 
 [Cellphone beeps] 
 Rosewood : See, isn't this better than driving that boxy, blue, standard-issue joy killer you have? 
 I can't believe you made me draw straws, Rosie. 
 What are you, 12? 
 And my car doesn't kill joy. 
 "Kill Joy." 
 I just named your car. 
 Whatever. 
 You know, you haven't even been assigned to this case. 
 Oh, come on, now, Villa. 
 You, me, working a crime scene? 
 That's our happy place. 
 Wait, is that weird? 
 Well, you know what would make me happy? 
 If Hornstock was back in command and Slade crawled back into whatever men's fashion magazine he popped out of. 
 I think we both know that Slade isn't who you're really mad at right now. 
 Eddie got mixed up in something shady and lied to me about it. 
 You don't know that for sure. 
 Okay, intentionally crashing your car so you don't have to explain to your wife why you got your ass whupped is a little extreme... I agree. 
 I mean, if you'd asked me a month ago, I-I would have sworn that Eddie and I had no secrets from each other. 
 Now I'm beginning to think I didn't know my husband at all. 
 [Police radio chatter] 
 [Engine turns off] 
 What are you guys doing here? 
 I was just about to ask you the same thing. Slade sent me. 
 I'm just the driver. We drew straws. 
 What, no diaper bag, no binky? 
 No sippy cup? 
 Cap, he didn't send me to babysit you. 
 Yeah, sure he didn't. And it's "Detective." 
 Get used to it. 
 Here's the vic's wallet. Name's Danny Williams. 
 Go to town. 
 [Sniffs] 
 What are you doing? 
 [Coughs] 
 Daisie said oranges and apples are good for relieving stress. 
 Oh, Daisie said that. 
 Don't do that. You look crazy. 
 [Music plays on radio] 
 Anyone seen anything? 
 A couple of teens looking for privacy stumbled on the scene... Called it in. 
 [Engine turns off, music stops] 
 Rosie, slow down. You haven't been assigned this case yet. 
 Well, I'm here. Might as well make myself useful. 
 Free of charge. 
 Villa, you all right? 
 He's... He's wearing a wedding ring. 
 Some poor woman is waiting for her husband to come home, and that's not gonna happen. 
 Need a minute? 
 No, no. I have to do my job. 
 No signs of struggle in the car. 
 Nor on the victim. 
 Hornstock : Door locks weren't tampered with. 
 No other needle marks on his arm. 
 Maybe the victim's first time shooting up, and it went wrong. 
 Are you just gonna keep pawing at the victim like that? 
 Or maybe you want to say something, make this a little less creepy? 
 Danny Williams was a recovering addict. 
 He had calluses on his thumb and his middle finger from repetitive rubbing... Often seen in crack users. 
 He had also had scar tissue in between his toes where he used to inject himself. 
 All right, so our guy was a junkie, who fell off the wagon and O.D.'d. 
 But there's something about the setup that seems a little too clean. 
 I mean, all the scars are in hidden places. 
 Why all of a sudden decide to shoot up in the middle of your arm? 
 Because Danny Williams didn't inject himself. 
 There were no teeth marks on the tourniquet. 
 Yeah, he couldn't have tied it that tight with one hand. Exactly. 
 And there are also calluses on his left hand, which is his dominant hand, which means that... 
 He would inject himself in his right arm, not his left. 
 The guy had help killing himself. 
 And where I come from, there's a word for that... 
 Murder. 
 S02E02 Secrets & Silent Killers 
 So you're saying this  wasn't  an accidental overdose Whoever killed Danny Williams knew about his history of drug abuse. 
 It's a good thing I sent you out to the crime scene, then. 
 Well... Oh, thank you, Sydney. 
 Hornstock would have reached the same conclusion without me. 
 He had the scene under control. Ah, come on, Villa. 
 You know an extra set of eyes is always good on a scene. 
 And, Cap, I really appreciate you looking out for me. 
 Hey. 
 Next time, send more. 
 Oh. 
 Wouldn't have taken you for a hugger. 
 But I like it. 
 Hey, it's a new day, new captain. 
 Why not a new me, right? 
 O...kay. 
 Uh, we found a set of prints on the syringe at the scene. 
 We're running them now. 
 With any luck, our killer was sloppy. 
 Oh, wow. 
 I mean, that would  really  make it our lucky day, wouldn't it? 
 But hey, something clearly is in the air this morning, so why don't we just keep our fingers crossed? 
 Villa, talk to the victim's wife, all right? 
 See if she can shed some light onto what her husband was involved in. 
 And, Hornstock, why don't you stay on those magical prints and process the paperwork from the crime scene? 
 My gift to you. No need for a hug. 
 Paperwork? Captain, that's crazy. 
 I need Hornstock in the field with me. 
 Villa. It's all good. 
 Prints and paperwork it is. 
 Prints and paperwork... The double "P." 
 The EMPD identified traces of heroin in the syringe in his arm. 
 Well, we'll need to run a full toxicology on the victim. 
 I need to know exactly how much heroin was injected into him and what it was mixed with. 
 If this is street heroin, it might help us figure out where our killer got it. 
 I'll get right on it. 
 Oh, actually,  I  can do it. 
 'Cause you guys need to dive into the autopsy so... 
 Yeah, this has me written all over it. 
 Actually, Tee, that's not really your specialty. 
 Look, we all know whose specialty this is. 
 We all know why she's not here to do it, okay? 
 End of discussion. 
 Unless  you  want to keep talking about it. 
 'Cause you are the boss. You can fire me. 
 Thanks. 
 Should I go offer some help? 
 No. No. Let her do it. She misses Pip. 
 And this'll help her feel closer to her. 
 This victim worked in a hardware store, right? 
 His hair is dyed, and his nailed are manicured. 
 And this confuses you because...? 
 I don't know. 
 He just seems awfully well-groomed for an average Joe. 
 I can appreciate a man who takes care of his personal grooming. 
 Oh, no, yeah. With that, I completely agree, yeah. 
 I know it's hard to tell, but I wasn't always into the whole personal-grooming thing. 
 My ex-girlfriend actually used to call me Mogwai. 
 M-Mogwai, like "Gremlins." 
 [Clears throat] 
 Gizmo... Never mind. 
 I worry about you sometimes. 
 I worry about me, too. 
 Gerald : You've done so much for me. 
 I'm grateful for my new lawyer, which I promise I will pay you back for. 
 But, you know, I'm just afraid this whole thing's taken a toll on you. 
 I'm fine. I promise. 
 Now, what I need you to do is to tell Rebecca that it's okay to release the victim's autopsy files. 
 She says she can't do it without your consent. 
 I'm sorry... I can't. 
 I instructed Rebecca to keep the files away from you. 
 Why would you do that? 
 They're graphic. 
 You know, look, it's... it's one thing to read the court transcripts and to hear about them, but it's a whole other thing when you see for yourself. 
 And these... detailed photos... 
 Gerald, you're innocent. 
 My son is the best pathologist in this entire state. 
 You mean the son that still doesn't know I exist. 
 [Sighs] 
 It's complicated. 
 Why are you here, Donna? 
 Why are you risking everything to help  me? 
 The letter you wrote to my son wasn't about clearing your name. 
 Your only concern was closure for the victims... 
 That their souls wouldn't truly rest in peace until the real killer was found. 
 That spirituality in the face of everything that has happened to you... 
 I don't know. I just... 
 I... I can't turn my back on that. 
 So... let me help you. 
 [Inhales deeply] Look. 
 Look, you've... you've done more than enough for me, Donna... 
 At great personal cost. 
 Go back to living your life. 
 Jenny : I hear what you're saying, but it doesn't make sense. 
 There is no version of Danny being dead that makes sense. 
 Did Danny have any enemies? 
 Anyone he had an issue with recently? 
 No. Everyone loved Danny. 
 Villa : Well, clearly not  everyone. 
 Villa. 
 That's okay. 
 She's right. 
 Someone killed Danny, and me sitting here sugarcoating things isn't gonna help you find who killed him. 
 Was your husband's history with drug abuse public knowledge? 
 Danny didn't use drugs. 
 I'm afraid he did. 
 He was a recovering addict, and whoever killed him knew that. 
 He was my husband. 
 Don't you think I would notice something like that? 
 You wouldn't be the first wife who found out her husband was a... 
 A guy with some secrets. 
 Um, could you excuse us, please? 
 What? What is your problem? 
 What is... What is  my  problem? 
 Look, Villa, I know this is hitting a little close to home, okay? 
 If you don't stop doing your best Azealia Banks impersonation, you're gonna find yourself in the car while Jenny and I finish talking. 
 You can't put me in a time-out. 
 I'm the one with the badge, remember? 
 Oh, you're the one with the badge? 
 I'm gonna put you in a time-out. I'm gonna put you in time-out. 
 Sorry about that. Um... 
 Can you tell me w-where Danny was last night? 
 He was at a bachelor party at Chynna's Den. 
 He left a message saying he was coming home. 
 And he never made it. 
 Danny was the perfect guy I waited my whole life for. 
 He was funny and loving and generous. 
 And now he's gone. 
 How is that fair? 
 It's not. 
 [Sighs] 
 You know, I-I-I don't get the whole strip-club thing. 
 It's a bunch of drunk guys hollering at a girl as she takes her clothes off for money. 
 Not exactly what the feminists of the sexual revolution had in mind. 
 No, not exactly. 
 Hey, Rosie! Good to see you! 
 Liz! Hey! 
 Like the new hair. I like, I like. 
 Thanks! You noticed. 
 Seriously? 
 Well, first of all, it's been medically proven that strip clubs are good for men's health. 
 They lower the cortisol, which is the stress hormone, and they boost the oxytocin, which is the  love  hormone. 
 Right. And which medical journey did you read that in? Playboy? 
 Second of all... 
 Oh! Rosie. 
 Oh! Luke! 
 What's up, my man? What can I get you? 
 We're here on official business. 
 Do you remember seeing this guy here last night? 
 His name is Danny Williams. 
 He was a part of a bachelor party. 
 Yeah. His boys were partying pretty hard last night. 
 And Danny wasn't? 
 I mean, he was drinking, yeah, but he didn't touch the other stuff. 
 Other stuff? 
 Look, Luke, we're not here to bust you. 
 All right? We just... 
 Danny Williams was murdered last night. 
 We just want to get down to the bottom of what happened. 
 Murdered? 
 Whoa. 
 Look, his boys were doing coke. 
 I told them to get rid of it, and Danny left shortly... Just right after that. 
 Was he by himself? 
 Yeah, yeah, but he did get in an argument with some random guy by the bathroom just before. 
 I have no idea what it was about, but... 
 Okay, these security cameras working? 
 If so, I'm gonna need those tapes. 
 Yeah, for sure. 
 [Keyboard clacking loudly] 
 You know, whatever that computer did to you, I'm pretty sure it's sorry. 
 [Clacking stops] What? 
 Tee, is everything good? 
 Oh, yeah. Never better. 
 Why wouldn't everything be good? 
 It's better than good, actually. It is great. 
 [Singsong] Everything is great! 
 ♪ Da da ♪ 
 [Laughs] 
 I'm pretty sure that's exactly what Beyoncé said to Jay Z right before she dropped "Lemonade." 
 I'm a member of the Beyhive. 
 [Door opens] Villa: We have a problem. 
 The prints on the syringe belong to a Connor Thorne. 
 That's a lead. That's great. 
 Which is the exact opposite of a problem. 
 Meet Connor Thorne. 
 Mitchie : I thought his name was Danny Williams. 
 Danny was his fake name. 
 Ready for things to get even crazier? 
 Oh, because that wasn't crazy enough. 
 Connor Thorne already has a death certificate. 
 He died three years ago in Washington, D.C. 
 Faked his death. 
 Exactly. 
 So either he has the worst luck ever or... 
 Whatever he was running from finally caught up with him. 
 [Cheering] 
 This was a typical day in his life back in D.C. 
 Slade : His hair was darker. 
 Man. 
 Danny Williams, our perfect husband, average Joe from the hardware store was really a Jordan Belfort wannabe? 
 Sheep in wolf's clothing. 
 I just... flipped the idiom. Just... 
 I know. 
 Hornstock : Danny was a big-time hedge fund manager back in D.C. with a serious weakness for cars, women, and drugs. 
 He started running a mini Madoff-like ponzi scheme, embezzling clients' money to pay for his lifestyle. 
 When the SEC and the Feds caught onto him, he faked a suicide. 
 Several witnesses saw him walk into the ocean down in Virginia Beach. 
 No one saw him come back out. 
 Well, you got to give him points for ingenuity. 
 No, we don't. 
 Okay, Danny, Connor... 
 Whatever the hell we're calling him, okay... 
 Received a lot of death threats from his victims before his "suicide." 
 Well, maybe one of those victims tracked him down to Miami and made good on their threats. 
 Villa : Or killed him trying to get their money back. 
 When he died the first time, there was still over $2.5 million unaccounted for. 
 See, that's... that's what doesn't add up to me. 
 The guy on my table... 
 He didn't live a life of luxury here in Miami. 
 He lived a simple life. He loved his wife. 
 He took pleasure in the little things. 
 So, what are you saying? 
 I'm saying that whoever he was in D.C., he changed. 
 Don't start with your whole rainbow prism with unicorns and glitter. 
 No. More glitter, less bitter. 
 No, people's lives were ruined by Danny Williams. 
 Hell, at least two of his victims committed suicide after losing everything. 
 He doesn't get to start over and play house with some poor, unsuspecting woman. 
 You always get this fired up over your cases, Detective? 
 Uh, let's just say I have a personal interest in this one. 
 We need to talk to the wife again, all right? Rosie? 
 All right, I'm gonna hop on the phone with the Feds, see about those death threats. 
 Uh, not so fast, Detective. 
 I have a special job for you. 
 Slade : So, these were sent over from the SEC. 
 They're files on all 954 victims of Connor Thorne's ponzi scheme. 
 And you want me to go through them, come up with a list of suspects who could have gotten to him here in Miami. 
 Smart man, Ira. 
 Go ahead. Bump it. 
 There you go. 
 See, I knew you were the right guy for the job. 
 What's wrong? Is there a problem? 
 No. 
 I'll get started right away. 
 Good man, Ira. Good man. 
 Quick question, Cap. 
 How does a trust fund kid whose parents are still alive end up in a group home? 
 I just had to know who I was working for. 
 [Scoffs] 
 Happy reading, Detective. 
 Hey, Pip. It's me. 
 Um, please don't delete this. 
 I'm not calling to tell you that I miss you or something, but I do... miss you. 
 But it's... Never mind. 
 Um, I'm calling for a reason that's pretty important, like got-to-catch-a-murderer- quick kind of important. 
 I'm running tox on a victim who O.D.'d on heroin, and I've run a couple different samples, but each time, I get a very different set of results. 
 The 6-MAM... All over the place. 
 The O2 is, like, totally inconsistent. 
 So what am I doing wrong? 
 And I know that I could just, you know, ask Mitchie. 
 So I probably should just ask Mitchie. 
 So you know what? [Chuckles] Forget that I called. 
 Okay. 
 [Chuckling] Okay. 
 Thanks. Sorry. Bye. 
 Oh. Hey. 
 Hi. 
 Did that sound as pathetic as it felt? 
 She just needs more time. 
 Pippy has mastered the art of avoidance. 
 She  will  come around eventually. 
 Must be, like, a family trait. 
 Excuse me? 
 Come on, Ms. D. 
 You're never in the lab when Rosie is anymore. 
 You're avoiding him, and my guess is [Sighs] 
 [Whispering] the reason starts with "Ger" and ends with "ald." 
 Am I right? 
 Child, you are talking nonsense. 
 I've been busy. 
 Have you seen Mitchie? 
 Why? 
 You want to ask him something you should be asking Rosie?! 
 
 
 
 ♪ If I was you, I'd wanna be me, too ♪ 
♪ I'd wanna be me, too ♪ 
 [Gasps] 
 Sweet... 
 Sorry. 
 [Music stops] 
 Did I scare you? 
 No. No, of course not. 
 I was just... singing along to gospel music. 
 Mitchie, I need a favor. 
 [Sighs] 
 It's just... with you Rosewoods, favors often give birth to secrets, and the last time I did one of you a favor, it... it... It didn't go so well. 
 This is gonna be very different. 
 O...kay. So Rosie knows about this favor? 
 No, he doesn't. And I'd like to keep it that way. 
 This is a matter of life and death, and you will not regret this. 
 What can I do for you? 
 [Cellphone vibrates] 
 Well, you called back. 
 That's amazing. 
 [Indistinct conversations] Did you break my mass spectrometer? 
 No! Your equipment's fine. 
 As am I. Thank you for asking. 
 Are you at a party? 
 Where did you pull the victim's blood sample from? 
 Okay, no personal talk. Got it. 
 From his arm, near where he was injected in his femoral artery. 
 Let me guess... You found morphine in the sample from the arm and not the other sample. 
 Exactly. The... The other blood only showed alcohol. 
 Well, you didn't make a mistake, Tara. 
 The victim did not O.D., all right? 
 Now, he  was  injected with morphine, but he was already dead. 
 No beating heart means no blood circulation, which means nowhere for the drugs to go. 
 Which is why no drugs showed up in the other sample. 
 Okay, got it. 
 But we completed the autopsy, and there's no sign of any other cause of death. 
 Then you guys have a problem. 
 Because the blood doesn't lie and I'm never wrong, so deuces. 
 I know who I was married to. He was a good man. 
 Whoever this Connor Thorne guy is, he's not Danny. 
 Okay, Jenny, maybe you should sit down. 
 Don't. I'm not some child that needs to be handled. 
 No one is trying to handle you. 
 Look at me, Jenny. 
 Woman to woman, widow to widow, I promise you, we're telling the truth. 
 You lost your husband, too? 
 Yes. 
 And the hardest part can be finding out they weren't perfect. 
 Danny clearly had his reasons for lying to you, but it doesn't mean he didn't love you. 
 We need your help. 
 Danny had a fight with this guy at the strip club hours before he died. 
 We think it may be someone from his past. 
 You recognize him? 
 Oh, God. 
 That's... That's... 
 Troy. 
 Troy Randolph. 
 He lives across the street. 
 Damn. We just lost cause of death. 
 Villa. 
 Hmm? 
 Yes. What? 
 Want to talk about it? 
 Talk about what? 
 What's clearly on your mind... Eddie. 
 Nothing to talk about. I'm fine. 
 Uh, yeah, no, okay. 
 "Fine" is right here, but up the block, around the corner, down the next street... that's you. 
 Whole other zip code. 
 [Muffled] This is Whiskey X-Ray 448. 
 I have an emergency priority message... Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you doing? I think we need something called probable cause before you go busting down somebody's door. Listen. We'll have probable cause in exactly 3... 2... 1. [Gunfire]  Oh, snap. I hear gunfire. You hear that, Rosie? We better go in. Miami P.D. Whole nother zip code. "Commando"... One of my favorite movies. What the hell?! You can't just break into somebody's house! I don't care who you are! Look, I know my rights! Well, I heard gunfire. I thought you were in danger. My bad. Your bad? I am  so  gonna have your badge for this. Rosewood : Villa. [Gunfire continues, shouting] I wasn't stalking Danny. I'm sorry. What do you call it when you follow someone around and start taking secret photos of them? Look, if we're going with the standard definition of stalking, then yes, all right? Maybe I was. But not for the reasons you think. Enlighten me. I'm really interested in becoming a P.I., so I needed to practice taking covert photos and stuff. I just... I chose... Don't you look at me. Do you know what happens to weasels like you when they get thrown in a cell for life next to someone called Big Scoops? You guys will bond... braid each other's hair. I don't want to braid anything. Then try telling me the truth. Damn it, he didn't deserve her! He made her miserable, and I mean, like, all the time! When he wasn't home, I'd catch her at night crying, and I hated seeing her like that. Jenny Williams. Wow. You're in love with Danny's wife. You killed him to be with Jenny. What? No! I...wanted Jenny to choose me over Danny. She can't exactly do that if he's dead, right? So, what... you were... following Danny around, trying to gather up dirt that would make Jenny leave him? Oh, not just trying. I succeeded. Look, Danny was a liar and he was a cheat, and I have the photos to prove it. He was having an affair with some hot model-looking doctor. Now, if you ask me, maybe Danny got tired of the affair. He tried to end it. Hot dog, she wasn't having that, so she killed him. Okay, Columbo. Why don't you just leave the police work to  us? Sit tight. [Door opens] What? What's wrong? Well, your... Your ex-almost-mother-in-law asked me for a favor, and I couldn't say no 'cause she's got this... This stare that just peers right into your soul, you know? So you have to say yes. And now... And now I know... About Gerald? Yeah. Wait, what?! You know about him? How do you know? How are you so calm about it? Do you know why he's in prison? We have to tell Rosie about this. Okay, just breathe, and, you know, it's not our place to judge. The Rosewoods are our family, okay? And we can't let them implode, and that's exactly what's gonna happen as soon as Rosie and Pippy find out about this. Rosewood : Any progress on the cause of death? No, you know what, though? When we find out, we're gonna tell you, 'cause we're family. Team MCL. Right? And there's no secrets in a family. Not in this house. Not in this house! You all right, Mitchie? Yeah. Never better. What's in the box? Everything that was in Danny's car at the crime scene. We have to go over it all with a fine-tooth comb, and that includes going back over Danny's body. No organ goes unturned. He didn't die magically. We'll figure it out. [Cellphone vibrates] Hey. So, Danny had a mistress he met at Marisol's Café 7:45 every Tuesday night. Wow. I admit I didn't see that coming. Well, that's because you see the best in people, Rosie. I see the truth. [Chuckles] Yeah, uncalled for. Super accurate. Anyway, I don't know who she is, but I have a pretty good idea where to find her. She runs a Narcotics Anonymous meeting across the street from the café. Villa : That's the hot doc up front. She was wearing a sobriety ring in the photos. You know who'd know how to kill and not leave a trace? A doctor. A doctor. Okay. I'll talk to hot doc. No, she's mine. You get skater boy over there. He seems a little too on edge, and he keeps checking the door. [Applause] [Sighs] Danny was right. This is exactly where I needed to be. You know Danny? Danny Williams? Yeah. I'm actually surprised he didn't show up tonight. I'm Annalise. Milia. You know, he mentioned you. He said incredible things about you. I mean, if I didn't know any better, I'd say he had a crush. What? No. I mean, he's my sponsor, so, yeah, we're close. But there's definitely nothing romantic between us. You sure about that? You're... not a friend of Danny's. What are you... Private investigator? Did something happen to Danny? Nate : You know, I'm not surprised Danny sent you here. He blesses every life he touches. Amen, amen. Sounds like you're talking from personal experience. Bro, you kidding? Danny's, like, the best thing that's ever happened to me. Hooked me up with this crazy scholarship after I got clean. Sounds like my man. Yeah. You know, I bet everyone in here has a personal Danny story. Yeah. He helped Joe and Meg save their home. It was in, like, I don't know, foreclosure or whatever. Listen, I don't... I don't mean to pry, but... you seem a little on edge. Maybe I can help? Nah, man. It's just Danny never misses a meeting, so I'm getting a little worried. Villa : We're screwed! We have no cause of death and now no suspects, either. What about the kiss? Well, she mistook his kindness for a crush and planted a kiss on him during their last meeting. She was worried that's the reason he didn't show up tonight. All right, look, why don't we stop by, get some aÃ§aí bowls, regroup, look over Danny's files again. Thanks, but I think I'm gonna call it a night... Hit it with fresh eyes in the morning. [Sighs] Come on, Eddie. [Grunts] [Inhales deeply] Get it together, Annalise. Get it together. [Pounding on door] [Sniffles] Hey. You okay. Come on. It's way past midnight. It's a little too late for a nightcap, but... okay. Let me get you a glass. You... Okay, forget about the glass. What's going on? What's with the suitcase? Go ahead. Open it. Open it! It's a surprise. You  get a surprise,  I  get a surprise. We all get a surprise! Well, the headache you're gonna have tomorrow will  not  be a surprise. What are these photos? Don't know. Don't care. You know who hides money? Criminals. Surprise! My lying husband was a criminal! Whoo! [Laughs] You're jumping to conclusions, Villa. You know what, Rosie? You're right. I am. But I don't care anymore. I am done fantasizing about the man Eddie clearly never was. I am done turning myself inside out over him. [Voice breaking] I am done! He can solve his own damn murder! [Sobbing] [Knock on door] Well! Ooh! Not so loud, Mama Rosewood. And it's not... It's not what you think. Um, I slept on the couch. Or maybe it was the floor. I don't know. It's all a little fuzzy. Annalise, what is going on here? And please don't insult my intelligence by telling me "nothing," because I can see that you are in pain, and I'm not just talking about that hangover. Thank you. Eddie isn't who I... I thought he was. Your late husband? All evidence points to him being involved in something criminal... Something he kept from me. And it's probably what got him killed. I'm so sorry. I had no idea. Neither did I, apparently. My dear... sometimes you have to ignore what the evidence says and trust your gut. What you and Eddie had was special. He deserves the benefit of the doubt. Well, I can't just turn a blind eye to the lies and all this money. Well, you don't know where he got all that money, how he was gonna use it. Maybe it's not as bad as you think. The money. That's how Danny Williams was helping his friends... With the money he stole. Okay, I have no idea what you're talking about, but I will take your word for it. I have to go. Uh... please tell Rosie I'll catch up with him later. Mom... not the woman I was expecting, but a beautiful surprise nonetheless. Eddie was murdered. And since this is the first I'm hearing of it, I've really got to ask... Why are you dragging your feet on this? Why haven't you exhumed the body yet? I'm trying not to overstep my bounds again. I'll have the body exhumed when Villa asks me to. I'm following her lead on this one. Oh, please. We Rosewoods never do anything halfway. That girl needs closure. She needs the full Beaumont Rosewood Jr. on this! Did you come over here to talk about Villa? No, but... [Scoffs] Clearly, you have a lot on your plate, so it can wait. Well, what is "it," exactly? We can talk about it later, son. [Door closes] [Cellphone rings] I'm working. Unsuccessfully, but still working. Well, that would explain why you haven't called your older, better-looking sibling. You mean, the big-headed, moderately successful sibling Hey, listen, have you talked to Mom lately? I think something's up with her. Like what? If I knew, I wouldn't be calling you. Think it has something to do with her new friend Gerald. [Groans] The boyfriend. Fine. I'll check in on her. Cool. Listen, I'd hate to think moving on from TMI meant you'd moved on from the rest of us, too. Goodbye, Rosie. Danny had a hidden bank account? One his wife didn't know about. It's where he stashed the $2 million he stole, but he wasn't using the money on himself. He used it to help his N.A. friends. Guess Rosie was right. Danny was trying to make amends for his past. Yeah, well, you know what? Good for him. All I care about is how this helps me catch a murderer. Well, there's a large transfer of funds out of the account the day before Danny died. Is that another Robin Hood payoff to one of his friends? Mnh-mnh. Guess again. The money went to Troy Randolph's account. The neighbor was blackmailing Danny. So he must have figured out Danny was really Connor Thorne. Something he forgot to mention last time we talked. You know, maybe it's time I had a different kind of talk with Troy. Wow. I see we're abandoning the tenets of the Daisie Villa school of stress relief. Well, I like my way better. Cap, uh, let's take a walk. Now's not a good time. And stop calling me that. The walk is non-negotiable. Give me that! Now, I'm not sure I like this bossy side of you. Look, I know you don't want to talk about whatever got you demoted or this weird thing with Slade... That's very perceptive of you. Okay, zip it. I'm not done, okay? You got a whole department that looks up to you. Villa, 18 years ago, I showed up at a suspect's house and beat him up pretty badly for laying his hands on his kid. He lived at 2422 Oriole Lane. I showed up at 2242. I beat up the wrong guy because... I flipped the numbers. I do that sometimes. The chief at the time made the whole thing go away. I never asked how. Slade must know about my dyslexia. That's why he keeps benching me with all this paperwork. And my guess is, he hates that he can't fire me, so he's hoping he can make me quit, and I just might. Because going through all those papers in there is literally torture for me. You're a hell of a cop. And a hell of a leader. Look, I don't care if it takes one number and one letter at at time. You can do this. Okay? No way Slade wins on this one. Not on  my  watch... Captain. Rosewood : We are the best pathology lab... period. 'Cause we are  Team  Magic City. I have no problem sharing the spotlight. So I'm guessing whatever's on that tray is the answer to all our problems? Well, I found a white powdery residue on Danny's items in the evidence box... Same residue that was on his clothes. Cocaine? No. Not coke. Try keratin. Human-nails keratin. Danny's nails weren't manicured. The killer filed them down before leaving. Danny must have scratched him fighting for his life. So, the killer didn't want anyone to find the tissue or DNA. Yeah, well, too bad he didn't think to clean up the nail residue, because in it, I found high-density polyethylene and two sets of DNA. Okay, Danny and who else's? That's what I need you to find out. Wh-Where's the polyethylene from? I think  I  can answer that one. Welcome back. Don't get excited. Slow your roll. I'm not staying. So, the polyethylene is from the bag that your killer filled with nitrogen and placed over Danny's head. Ohhh. It's a suicide bag kit. The nitrogen replaces the oxygen in the body, suffocating him from the inside. Leaving no trace. Ta-da! Silent killer. Wow. How'd you figure it out? Actually... you  did. You said that the victim's oxygen levels were inconsistent. Now, O2 levels in arterial and venous blood... They can differ significantly when someone inhales inert gas. Like nitrogen. Like nitrogen. Now, I didn't notice it the first time I heard your message, but once I listened to it again, I realized that it was the oxygen levels that caught my attention. Wait, you listened to my message more than once? On that note, I've done what I came to do. [Snaps fingers] Pippy out. Pip Pip, your job is here whenever you want it back. [Chuckles] Thanks, bro. All right. Run that DNA through the sequencer. Let's nail this b*st*rd. Mitchie : Yeah, you got it. Where's the other detective? The pretty one. Troy... I  am  the pretty one. Now, come on. You can tell me. I mean, you knew Danny was Connor Thorne, right? Yes. Okay? I blackmailed him... Once. But I didn't kill him. Well, why didn't you tell us that? I was thinking about Big Scoops. Extortion is a felony offense in Florida. I wasn't trying to spend the next 15 years in prison. You know what carries a longer sentence, gorgeous? Murder. What are you doing? Just giving you a little glimpse into your future. Oh, man. Look at that mouth. Yeah. Those prison boys are gonna eat you up. Have you ever been somebody's bitch before? Okay, okay, I get it! Just... Please stop touching me. I didn't say anything about Danny being Connor  because I didn't want to cause any problems for anyone. I just know that  I  didn't kill him. I swear. Oh, my God. But you know who did. [Door opens] I know who killed Danny. And it wasn't Troy. Of course my DNA was all over Danny. He was my husband Roll up your sleeves. Bitch, don't make me climb over this table and do it for you. Let me tell you a story. You like stories? It's about a woman... Let's call her Penny. She moves to Miami. Marries what she thought was the perfect husband. They live in their perfect little suburban house, probably plan to get a dog, eventually throw in a kid or two. And then a nosy, lovesick neighbor comes over and tells her that her perfect life is all a lie. He even has proof that Penny's husband is a wanted criminal and tried to pay the neighbor off to keep him quiet. Realizing her whole marriage is a sham, Penny flips her lid and kills her husband. Don't you love that story? You have no idea what you're talking about. I get it. I-I get the impulse to kill him for lying. I  really  get it. I know why she did it. Yeah, thanks, but I think we got it figured out. No. You haven't. But why didn't you just turn Danny in to the cops? Why kill him? Because killing Connor Thorne was her plan all along. Jenny's stepfather is Walter McCall. He  committed suicide after Connor lost all his money. You tracked Connor down in Miami to make him pay for what happened. Connor got what he deserved. I lost the only father I had ever known because of him. And I would feel sorry for you if it was just about avenging your father, but you showed your true colors. Somewhere along the way, it became more about greed for you. That's why you didn't kill him when you first found him. [Laughs] You had to find the money first... Money you felt entitled to. Troy had the missing piece of the puzzle... Proof that Danny still had the money. Yeah. Look at that. Look at that. That's teamwork right there. And you know what they say, right? Please don't say "makes the dream work." Makes it work! Oh, yeah. Makes it work. You know, you can't fool me, Slade. You're proud of your team. And that includes Hornstock. Favor granted. Thank you. [Grunts] One of you, speak... Now. Well, TMI and I feel that... We, together, feel that, maybe... You have to tell Pippy and Rosie about Gerald. They deserve to know. What she said. Trust your children, Ms. D. You know, their reaction might surprise you, and at the end of the day, they are family. Ohana. "Ohana" means family. "Family" means never get left behind or forgotten. Did you just quote "Lilo & Stitch"? Thank you both for your concern, and I will take it into consideration. That's not good enough. Either you tell Rosie... or  I  will. Tell me what? Okay, that's our cue. We're just gonna go somewhere else. What's going on? It's about Gerald. Nice digs! Well, hey. Yeah, uh, I'm not one for planting roots. This is mobile. Am I, uh, in the doghouse for something? What would make you say that? Well, the look on your face and the fact that you tracked me down here. You want a beer? You know, what you're doing to Hornstock goes beyond being a dick and moves into full asshat territory. I mean, look, you can tell me how you really feel. Using his disability to get him to quit... Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you talking about? W-What disability? His dyslexia. Well, I... I didn't know. I swear. Then... what the hell is going on with you two? Don't tell me "nothing." Look, he messed up. He beat up a suspect. He broke the rules. Okay, wait, wait. Is that what you think this is about? Hornstock thought the guy hurt a kid, okay? I get that. Hell, I probably would have kicked his ass, too. What I have a problem with is Hornstock schlepping his ass over to I.A. 18 years later and turning himself in. I mean, that is a punk move. What am I supposed to do with a guy like that? I need guys on my team that I can trust to do whatever it takes to get the bad guys off the street, not guys who are gonna go running to I.A. over every little thing. God, I would love the Hornstock from 18 years ago, but I don't think that guy exists anymore. This Hornstock is exactly the guy you need on your team. Trust me. You just have to give him a chance. Enjoy your beer. Rosewood : Hey, Villa. Everything okay? Eddie was my husband. Our love was real. I know that. I need to trust that... trust  him. I'm really ready to do this. I need to face this thing head-on and get to the bottom of what happened to Eddie. I'm glad to hear you say that. I just put in a request to have Eddie's body exhumed. [Inhales deeply] You're a good friend, Rosie. Good night. [Buzzer] [Cell door closes] [Sighs] I...figured it was just a matter of time before we'd be sitting across from each other. I appreciate you coming by. Explain to me how... a serial killer... who gruesomely murdered two young, innocent women befriends my mother and convinces her to put it all on the line for him. I'm listening. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 