Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Episode 6 - Jericho 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Episode 6 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=544&t=25145 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/11/16 18:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Episode 6 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 George killed a man. If the navvies take the law into their own hands... 
 Bring a blanket to wrap him in. We have to bury the body. 
 They've already dug a grave for Jack. We'll bury him beneath. 
 It's high time you asked me to marry you. 
 Do you mean it? 
 'I've always been sweet on you.' 
 Agree to my partnership and everything can be saved. 
 All of our problems are solved. 
 Doesn't that count for something? 
 You can't believe it's a good idea. 
 Why not? 
 You'd forget everything that went on between us? 
 You need somewhere to stay. 
 Are you offering me bed and board again? 
 What's going on? 
 We just wanted what was owed. 
 They should be punished. I'll get authority from your brother. 
 You have mine. Understand? 
 The best access site to quarry is... over there. 
 So I'll need a spare key to the Steam Truck. 
 And for the Tommy Shop. 
 And the blast store. 
 There's only one and I hold it. 
 And I'm asking for it. 
 I run this place, I look after these men, I make sure the work is on track. 
 I've earned this position. 
 Making amends with your brother doesn't give you the right to challenge my authority. 
 Charles' letter says different. 
 Annie, come here. 
 Morning. 
 I wonder, kind sir, would you be so kind as to pass myself some more bread, please? 
 Living with your prince and a Blackwood, can't forget my manners, he? 
 Then get your elbows off the table. 
 And you. 
 And enjoy my company all you can. 
 Think I'll spend forever with you reprobates? 
 Dagger... Here, take some breakfast. 
 Thanks. 
 Right, then. It's time you were off. 
 Here, Devon, take your lunch. 
 Dagger. 
 So, erm, are we going to be living together now, then? 
 He'll want his own place. That's how it's done. 
 How what's done? 
 Posh folks' living arrangements. 
 When I was at the Blackwood house, Mr Blackwood had his room, Mrs Blackwood had hers. 
 That's none of our business, is it? 
 Yards and yards of the finest silks. Every colour you can imagine. 
 Are they just for dresses? 
 That's practically one for each day of the month. 
 Paris would suit you. 
 Anywhere but this middling place would suit me. 
 You're funny. 
 You make me laugh. 
 We should spend some time alone. 
 Private. 
 Not just stolen conversations before somebody else walks in. 
 Well, I'll make time. 
 Charles. Isabella. Come in. 
 Sorry to disturb you, but there is a matter we need to discuss. 
 We need your help. 
 What is it? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Don't apologise, it's us who have come into your home. 
 Sorry to be an inconvenience. 
 I'll get out of your way. 
 You're all right, Annie. 
 So what help? What's to do? 
 We need to put the quarry on the land where the graves are now. 
 It's rich in sandstone. Quarrying our own stone will save a fortune. 
 The bodies will have to be moved. 
 You can't. 
 Annie. 
 It's a resting place. 
 You can't put business before people's feelings. 
 I have the same reservations, but it is the only place where the stone is. 
 To secure the future of the viaduct... 
 When was this arranged? 
 Charles and I made the plans. 
 There is no choice. 
 If the business is to thrive, the bodies have to be exhumed. 
 I'm sure we can find a suitable resting place for the remains. 
 We can talk through the details with Coates later. 
 All right. 
 The trouble we've made for ourselves. 
 We should have left Red where he was. 
 A man with enemies found dead, no-one would have batted an eye. 
 We buried him. 
 And look what happened. 
 I'll talk to Charles, they can quarry elsewhere. 
 How, Johnny? That's the only place. You heard him. The decision's made. 
 What's going on? 
 Stop. George, stop. 
 They'll find him then call me a murderer. 
 Don't panic and it'll be all right. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down. 
 What's got you all worked up? 
 An argument about chores he refuses to do. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm sorry. You made me forget myself and I shouldn't. 
 Rory, wait. 
 No, Alma, it's for the best. 
 I can't disrupt your life like this. It's asking too much of you. 
 I got carried away. It's just... 
 You're too hard to resist. 
 Then don't. 
 I reckon we should offer any man who can stomach this job an extra day's wage. 
 No need. I'll dig the graves myself. 
 As a member of the family demanding this desecration is that wise? 
 We demand this sacrilege. We should be willing to do it ourselves. 
 No, Coates is right. You can't. 
 Then find volunteers, but I must be allowed to work alongside them. 
 I'll take charge on the day. 
 Get Davey to round up volunteers but do nothing until I've spoken to the families involved, the Partridge boy's parents and Jack's widow. Her name again? 
 Hatty. 
 Hatty. 
 I could stay here all day just watching you. 
 Nobody's said that to me before, but then I've never been in a position where a man might. 
 Hm. 
 That's just my luck. 
 What is? 
 To fall for somebody already engaged to another man. 
 It's nothing but a promise. It isn't like we're already wed, and now the two us have... 
 Well, it changes everything. 
 I could break it off with Davey, but I'd have to leave. 
 I couldn't ask you to do that, giving up everything. 
 None of that matters when it's true love. 
 I'm sorry, I know how much of a shock this must be. 
 His final resting place desecrated. 
 I have no choice. 
 You could work around the burial site. 
 No good will come of this. 
 It's disrespectful. He should be left where he is. 
 Every care will be taken. A new headstone will be purchased. 
 Made of the same stone you're digging him up for? 
 I'd like proper words on it, not like now, just his name scratched on timber. 
 Something to see. He was a good man, he was. 
 And is. 
 Still in my heart. 
 That's what matters, isn't it? 
 Hatty, are you sure? 
 A man has a right to lie where he's buried. 
 Then I should be there when he's taken from the ground. 
 You don't have to. Don't upset yourself further. 
 But I want to. Will you come with me, Annie? 
 Please. 
 Of course. 
 Thank you for your understanding, Mrs Laggan. 
 You saw him. 
 George is not up to this, he's still a child. 
 He's coping better than you think. 
 He needs to stay brave a little while longer. 
 We got caught up in a terrible situation. 
 The whole thing was an accident. 
 I know. 
 But nobody's going to find out. 
 You make sure they only dig so far and they only find two bodies. 
 They'll find nothing they're not looking for, then we'll get rid of Red before work on the quarry starts. 
 Trust me. 
 Then that's an end to it. 
 I promise. 
 There's nothing safe around here, not even the dead. 
 It's business. 
 A man takes an opportunity where he gets it. 
 Johnny's just taking his. 
 He's a right to it. 
 At my expense? What's the use of me building up my authority to have it taken away? 
 You came here with nowt and soon made a position for yourself. 
 You're practically the right hand of Charles. 
 With Charles it was simple -- make myself indispensable. 
 That won't work with Johnny. 
 He's cut from something very different to his brother. 
 Davey, I thought when you've got a moment we could sit down and talk. 
 Not now, Alma. After, all right? 
 Here we go. We know what you're going to ask. 
 There's no chance either of us will do it. 
 It's double pay. 
 They say it possesses you. 
 Prise open the coffin of a dead man, his spirit leeches onto yours. 
 The only spirit leeched on you is that whisky. 
 I understand you've given Blackwood a mind for this grave business. 
 It's a cold heart that can meddle with the dead. 
 I'm only doing my job. 
 I reckon you can do it elsewhere, I won't have it under my roof. 
 50 men asked, not a volunteer amongst them. 
 It seems there's no man willing to take on the grave digging, so if there's a job to be done, I reckon I should do it. 
 You can't do this alone. 
 I'll help. 
 I'm neither family nor navvy. 
 It makes all this easier. 
 I'd be happy to work alongside John. 
 Are you sure you're steady enough for this? 
 If the business is to work there can't be any atmosphere between us. 
 There's none on my side. 
 Besides, you're my brother's wife now. 
 And you have Annie. I like her. 
 She seems like a decent woman. 
 It can't have been easy, widowed, left penniless without a home, forced to be nothing but a glorified skivvy. 
 If you've something to say, say it. 
 I'd tread carefully if I were you. 
 There are certain divides not even love can make up for. 
 You say that? You don't even share my brother's bed. 
 What divides lie between you? 
 That's none of your business. 
 And what do you understand about Charles and me? 
 You talk about divides, but there is admiration, respect, loyalty. 
 That's what matters in a marriage. 
 Values I doubt you even know the meaning of. 
 Thank you. 
 I appreciate you coming. 
 All right, let's get these coffins back to Jericho. 
 This ground is soft. 
 There's something else underneath. 
 Oh. There's another body. 
 Can you tell who it is, Coates? 
 It's Red Killeen. 
 Red Killeen vanished. 
 Now we know where. 
 What are we going to do with his body? 
 Bury him, but not alongside the others. 
 Well, whoever's responsible knew how to cover their tracks. 
 He fooled us all. And Bamford. 
 And now there's a murderer in the town. 
 The killer might not even be here. 
 Navvies come and go. It could've been any one of them. 
 Could be in Jericho right now. 
 Why would anyone risk staying put? I reckon they're long gone. 
 Navvies close ranks. Any attempt to find who did this, it'll come to nothing. 
 You and Johnny said they wouldn't find him. 
 I know. 
 What's going to happen now? 
 They found nothing that says we're involved. 
 Anybody could've put Red in there. 
 I promise you, George, they'll rebury him and this whole thing will be over. 
 Sly as a fox, the one who did this. 
 Dumping Red's body like that? 
 I'll be locking my door tonight. 
 There's a killer on the loose. 
 Who could do this? 
 It's bad enough my Jack lay dead. 
 To dump his killer alongside him... 
 He should hang for that alone. 
 I'd tie the noose myself. 
 Come on, Hatty, love. 
 Come in. 
 
 
 
 Bad business. 
 Another dead man in the grave. 
 But I saw you take something from his body. 
 This? 
 Evidence. 
 I need all I can get if I'm going to find who killed Red. 
 Could be of some use. 
 Might even point to who did it. 
 You don't miss much, do you? 
 Hm-hm. 
 Here, take this. 
 You should be paid for what you did today. 
 I don't need money. 
 Any man that volunteered was to get double wages and you did. It's only fair. 
 It's a proud moment when a man receives his first ever wage, no matter how he comes by it. 
 Been an unsettling day for everybody. 
 Hm. 
 But there's plenty in town to distract you. 
 Here, go, enjoy yourself. 
 Maybe you'll pay me back sometime. 
 We could slip away now and nobody would notice. 
 Come on. I still have work to do here. 
 Say when. I only have to pack a bag and I'm ready to go. 
 Quietly? Without fuss? 
 You're right. Can't hang about too long, once the others have found out you've stolen Davey's intended. 
 Then let's leave tonight. 
 Really? 
 I could finish up with Blackwood and we could be on our way. 
 Charles? 
 A clearing just there, it's perfect. 
 I don't want the men reburied on the other side of Jericho. It's bleak. 
 They deserve a decent resting place. New headstones. 
 I know what happened was an accident, but they gave their lives to our viaduct. 
 It's the least I can do. 
 Isabella? 
 I know you wanted this marriage to grow into something more than a business transaction but I never believed it possible, but you've changed so much, Charles. 
 We've both changed. 
 We're not the people we were. 
 Can you forgive me? 
 There's nothing to forgive. 
 I want to be with you in your life, in your bedroom, as a proper wife. 
 Don't say something you might regret. 
 I won't. 
 I haven't. 
 What are you doing? 
 How's Hatty? 
 Terrible business, Red being found like that. 
 It doesn't give you the right to come into my home and nose about. 
 His body was found wrapped in a blanket. 
 Why are you telling me? 
 Aren't you missing one? 
 Not that I've noticed. 
 Had your initials on it. 
 AQ, Annie Quaintain. 
 Quite a few shillings to be burning a hole in your pocket. 
 Mr Coates says I deserve it and that after today I should enjoy myself. 
 He's right about that. 
 I thought this'd be the best place to start. 
 Sweeten me with a tot of gin and I'll show you an even better place to finish. 
 Oh. 
 I've had all this before, detectives standing where you are, asking questions. 
 I've nothing new to tell you. 
 We didn't have a body back then and with the blanket there's a direct link to someone in your house. 
 Anybody could've taken it, including you. 
 Happy to let yourself into my home without permission. 
 How do I know you've not done it before? 
 You're not the only one who lives under this roof. 
 Who else was here at the time? 
 Skinny, paying bed and board. 
 And Johnny Blackwood. 
 He and Red never saw eye to eye. 
 A lot of folk didn't. 
 A lot of folk didn't come to blows, did they? 
 George. 
 Mr Coates. 
 George, you stay in that room. 
 George. 
 You're wasting your time, it's nothing to do with Johnny. 
 How can you be so sure? 
 He lied to us all. 
 Who knows what kind of deceit he's capable of? 
 He's also shown himself to be fair and decent. 
 Yes. He's a smart and educated man, more so than any other man here. 
 Who else would have the cunning to ditch a body in that place? 
 And be daft enough to stay put in Jericho? 
 You don't have to protect him. 
 From what exactly? 
 You stand there, you try to intimidate me into saying words against Johnny. 
 I don't have to stomach this. 
 I reckon you should leave, Mr Coates. 
 Go on. 
 Mrs Blackwood sent me to move her things to your room. 
 Everything? 
 As it should be, man and wife together. 
 I'm glad for you. 
 She's good for me. She was open and honest about everything. 
 She thought we'd started this marriage on a lie. 
 She begged to be forgiven. 
 And have you? 
 Of course. 
 I hope she'll be worthy of it. 
 We can't let the past get in the way of our future. 
 John's return shows that. 
 His return has made her ask for forgiveness. 
 She was scared it'd be written on her face when he walks in the room. 
 There's no bad blood between them. 
 Guilt made her admit they'd laid together. 
 I hate to see you made a fool of any more than you have been. 
 John and Isabella were together? 
 Is that what you're telling me? 
 No. 
 No. 
 I thought that's what you were said you forgave her for. 
 Charlie, forget what I just told you. 
 But you've already said it. 
 Leave those. 
 Leave them and say nothing of this. 
 He just went on and on, question after question and then George appeared. I swear, he was about to say something. 
 I don't think he'll last much longer. 
 Coates sees an opportunity. 
 He reckons he has evidence. 
 He doesn't need evidence. 
 He's been after me since I first set foot here. 
 We have to tread very carefully, give nothing away. 
 He knows exactly what he's doing and he's got you cornered. 
 Coates is stirring up trouble about Red's death. 
 He even believes I've something to do with it. 
 You're capable of handling Coates. 
 He's doing this to divide us, even if it means tying me to a murder. 
 We shouldn't stand for it. 
 Is it always somebody else's fault, the chaos that surrounds you? 
 It's always you, John, at the centre of the heartache, the turmoil. 
 You left here, destroyed our father's life, returned years later and lied your way into the town I built. 
 I had no choice. 
 You never do. 
 Presumably, it wasn't your choice to have an affair with Isabella? 
 I dare you to stand there and deny it. 
 Prove to me that you're not a liar. 
 Go on, deny it. 
 You can't. 
 Perhaps Coates understands exactly the type of man you are. 
 You're disloyal, a liar, a cheat. 
 Is it unreasonable to assume a murderer, too? 
 Charles... Charles... 
 Johnny, you don't mean it. 
 You can't go away. 
 I have to. 
 But we agreed. 
 What's changed? 
 Coates. 
 He won't let this lie and I reckon Charles believes him. 
 If you go, if you leave, it makes you look guilty, it plays right into his hands. 
 It's better folk think it's me than harm comes to you and George. 
 I love my son and I will do anything for him, but I won't let you take responsibility. 
 You don't understand. 
 I've just found the place where I truly belong. 
 The thought of leaving... 
 But it's best for everyone. 
 We've come so far. 
 I won't let you go. 
 Annie, you have to. 
 Coates won't let this go. How long until he gets to the truth? 
 And I can't put you through that. 
 Please. 
 Annie, let me do this for you all. 
 It's best that I go tonight. 
 How could this be goodbye? 
 Charles. 
 I was waiting for you. 
 But my things, they're still in my room. 
 Epiphany has been busy. I doubt she's found the time to move them. 
 Is your mum in? 
 Mum. 
 Hi, love. Annie. 
 There you go. 
 This business with Red. Coates has been asking all sorts of questions. 
 I know. Yesterday, he tried to interrogate me. 
 It's Johnny he's fixated with. It's all folk can talk about. 
 I don't believe a word of it, but Johnny has to know what he's waking up to. 
 Annie, you need to fetch him. 
 Aye. 
 Johnny? 
 He's not here. He must've made an early start. 
 Annie? 
 He's gone. 
 Is Johnny Blackwood here? 
 No. Why would he be? 
 What's going on? 
 He's looking for John. 
 Sir, a word. 
 Perhaps in private. 
 No need. Say what you have to. 
 Evidence indicates your brother may be involved in the murder of Red. 
 I'm sorry to say that now he's gone. 
 It's not John. 
 He's not capable of killing a man. 
 There must be evidence to clear his name. 
 He'll be miles away by now. 
 He did his best to convince me not to investigate the murder. Now we know why. 
 You think he's guilty? 
 You'd defend him? Him out of the way, isn't this what you wanted? 
 It's you that I care about. 
 Then aren't I lucky to have you? 
 My brother will need to be found. 
 Are you really sure, sir? 
 If it was any other man, I'd be expected to send a search party. 
 It'll be no different for him. 
 Yes, sir. 
 You're not the first and you won't be the last, love. 
 I'm such an idiot. 
 The world is full of men like Rory. 
 Promise the earth to get what they want. 
 Well, he did. 
 I laid with him, Mum. 
 And I need to tell Davey. 
 He ain't going to want me now. 
 Do you still want him? 
 Because if you do there's not a single reason why he should know. 
 Won't he be able to tell? 
 Your father couldn't the night that we got wed. 
 Like I say, the world is full of men like Rory McCleod. 
 I lost my head to one, too. 
 But you soon realise they're not worth your tears. 
 They're nowt but... show off and bluster. 
 It's the ones that stick by you, that love you day in, day out, even when you give them reason not to. 
 That's a real man. 
 That's your Davey. 
 Oh, love, love. 
 A prince? A gentleman? All this time nowt but a murderer. 
 I don't believe it. Not Johnny. He was always so decent and fair. 
 Then why turn tail like a coward, eh? 
 I never trusted him. 
 Of all places, Annie. To dump Red alongside my Jack? 
 Hatty... 
 Did you know? Are you covering for what Johnny did? 
 I'd tell you if I knew anything, and nothing's been proved. 
 I'm ready to face what comes. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 