Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Episode 5 - Jericho 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=544&t=25051 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/05/16 07:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 It's time for you to come home. 
 I'm staying here. Mr Coates needs me. 
 This is about your dad. 
 He left us with nothing. 
 George killed a man. We have to bury the body. 
 We'll take him up onto the moors. It's the only way. 
 It seems whatever I do, my life gets tangled up with yours. 
 Is that so terrible? 
 It's not what I had planned. 
 What's that there on your skin? 
 An injustice. 
 Shanty folk don't want me. Not me family neither. 
 Coates has been asking questions. Wants to know all about you. 
 This is my estate. You're on my land. 
 Charles needs your help. He needs you o bequeath Blackwood House o him in its entirety. 
 Beg him to sign the deeds away. 
 I'm not going on my knees to him. 
 I offered you my help, Charles, and you threw it back in my face. 
 All you've done is bring this town one day nearer to disaster. 
 Pay day, lads! 
 Look at him. Fast as muck off a shovel. 
 With nothin' but a taste for ale on his lips. 
 Pay day. What do you expect? 
 Whatever's not thrown down his neck will end up in Polly's purse. 
 Aye. She's set to retire on wages Dagger puts her way. 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 It's from my uncle. 
 He's still refusing to help us. 
 There's no money, Charles. 
 I'm sorry, it's not much of a business partnership. 
 Whatever happens, we'll get through it together. 
 We can't pay the men their wages. 
 You have to go and tell Mr Coates. 
 I miss you. 
 The place is quiet without you. 
 It's not been right peaceful down at Steam Truck. 
 And Martha. Reckons she's got double the chores. 
 I could come back, help her out. It's only right. 
 Can move back in tonight... if you'd like. 
 We're content enough here, aren't we? 
 Though it's the last place I'd have thought to bring you. 
 I'll come back with the others. 
 No, you're all right. 
 Best get fed before rush. 
 How is it? 
 What's keepin' Coates? 
 Ale isn't going to sup itself. 
 A slight administrative oversight, hat's all, but resolved easily enough. 
 The men won't take kindly o late wages. 
 A simple explanation is all it takes, Mr Coates. 
 I think it's best hey hear that from you. 
 Thank you all for your patience. 
 What choice? 
 Workers : Aye. 
 As you might be aware... 
 What I mean is that... certain issues have arisen and... 
 Speak up, man! 
 Enough. 
 (It's bad news that's choking him.) 
 Certain issues have arisen which will lead to a delay in wages being paid. 
 Just for today, that's all. Just a day... or so. 
 But I can assure you hat it is temporary and will be rectified as soon as possible. 
 (HORSE WHINNIES) 
 It's no use looking to me. 
 I know as much as all you do. 
 So you'd say? 
 If you knew something? 
 Aye. 
 But I don't. Trust me. 
 Like we're supposed to trust your brother? 
 Dagger. 
 We're good for the money, as soon as Blackwood gives us what's owed. 
 Only those with cash. 
 But none of us have been paid. 
 Well, I'm sorry, but we're not runnin' this place for the good of our health. 
 Oh, come on, Lizzie. 
 Your Joe is happy o slip some a beer. 
 Joe Capstick, are you givin' away free drink? 
 We can't deny the men their ale. There'd be a riot. 
 Perhaps that's what's needed. 
 If Blackwood is green enough o think all's well without wages. 
 Read what it says. 
 Well, what's it say, then? 
 'No money no ale'. 
 It's house rules. 
 This isn't right. None of us should have to suffer this. 
 I kept them all out for you, exactly as you left them. 
 You know, I remember when he give me it, my dad. 
 I've been thinking about him a lot recently. 
 I ought to be getting on. 
 What's the matter? Are you not in any hurry, then? 
 Maybe we could just talk some. 
 It's been a tough day. 
 I worked on the rail road for 30 years across America. 
 Civil war came and I fought for the North. 
 My regiment was blown apart at the Battle of Bull Run. 
 I escaped. Tried to make my way back home. 
 Went renegade. 
 Burned my uniform. 
 Somethin' happened. 
 I was mistaken for a runaway slave. 
 They captured me, put me to work on a plantation. 
 Branded me there. 
 I swore then I would never be made a slave again by any man. 
 The plantations had their own way of working. 
 There's this great divide between the masters and the men. 
 I never trust a man who tries to straddle both worlds. 
 They make out they're on your side, but they're only out for themselves. 
 Something about Johnny Blackwood has always made me feel uneasy. 
 And ever since I heard him say he owns this estate, I reckon he wants to be master here. 
 'And the bride and groom are expecting to take up residence in their new home after a short honeymoon in the Highlands'. 
 Did you hear that, Davey? 
 A brand new house. Oh, can you imagine that? 
 A scullery, your own privy... 
 I'd like that when we get a place of us own. 
 Why waste money on a place for ourselves when there's room enough here? 
 It's time to behave like you've got expectations. Moving up like you deserve. 
 Who knows where it might take us? 
 Nowhere. We're going nowhere. 
 I beg your pardon? 
 How long do you think viaduct is going to take? 
 There's work here for a good few years. 
 Years? 
 You want me to live on the edge of a bog-soaked moor for years? 
 Why flit elsewhere when here's regular wages to be had? 
 Wages? Nobody's had any wages. 
 That's what all this upset has been. 
 Exactly. 
 Why pay rent for elsewhere with money we don't have? 
 Martha, I doubt there's a need, love. 
 But there's there's kegs o get ready and glasses to wash. 
 I know, love, but situation's bad. 
 We can't afford to pay for a shift his evening if men aren't spending on ale. 
 Aye. We'll give you a shout he minute owt changes. 
 The men aren't happy. They've rent to pay, food to buy. 
 They work, are paid, money gets spent, then skint again. 
 Week in, week out. No savings. So a delay in wages might seem nothing to you, but to folk down here, it's everything. 
 I built this place from nothing. 
 You dare to stand there and tell me how to manage things? 
 You think 'manage' is what you're doing? 
 The whole place can see what a crisis you're in. 
 Money will be here in a day or two. 
 We both know hat's not entirely true, is it? 
 No work tomorrow onwards ill wages are paid. 
 We're not doing owt ill our pockets are filled. 
 What's the use in making matters worse? 
 There's no need for this. 
 Wages will be here soon enough. 
 Mr Blackwood won't let you down. 
 He's right. You have my word on this. 
 And how much is that worth to you? 
 Cos it equals nowt to us. 
 Till there are coins in the palm of my hand, no graft gets done. 
 No man lifts a finger! 
 (CHEERING) 
 It's only a day or so before the money comes good, isn't that right? 
 In the meantime... 
 I'll work with you. 
 Come back! 
 I'm ordering you. 
 What about your loyalty, huh? 
 Is it to these men or to your family, as a Blackwood? 
 Your biggest fear realised, Charles. 
 A Blackwood folly. 
 And I don't say hat to humiliate you, but to encourage you. 
 Take Johnny's money from the house and let him stay in the valley as long as he wants. 
 He doesn't need to be part of our lives up here. 
 Mr Coates is here to see you. 
 Have the men decided o go back to work? 
 No. And not likely, I'm afraid. 
 But there may be a way through this. 
 Navvies work hard, hen march on their stomachs from the scaffold to the tavern. 
 That all comes to a halt without money in their pockets. 
 If you're here just to repeat my brother's words... 
 Your word isn't good enough. 
 It's gonna take some kind of guarantee. 
 Written, not spoken. 
 Charles? 
 What do you have in mind? 
 We're just after our money. 
 All right. 
 Calm down. 
 Step back. 
 Stay back. 
 For those men who are willing o work, I have these. 
 Guarantees. Each docket initialled and stamped by me. 
 Currency until wages are paid. 
 It's nowt but scraps of paper. 
 They're as good as any coins in your hand. 
 Which can be exchanged for goods and services. 
 Food, beverage, rent. And I assure you, this is temporary. 
 (MURMURING) 
 And as extra good will on my part, a bonus next pay day. 
 Line 'em up, Davey. 
 Mr McCleod. Shall we get started? 
 There's about three good land sites from where you could quarry he stone to build your viaduct. 
 It's... er... not going to be cheap, but will save you in the long term. 
 You left that in the steam truck. Thought you might be missing it. 
 It must be nice to be back here. 
 You mind if I have a word with your ma in private? 
 So, it seems like he's reconciled with you. 
 It appears so. 
 Come around to you and Johnny, huh? 
 We're not together. He doesn't even live here. 
 Have you ever asked Johnny how old he is? 
 I reckon he's not yet wo score years. 
 He is the older brother, hat's plain as day. 
 Is that why you came here? To quiz me about him? 
 It is, isn't it? 
 Charlie Blackwood, he ain't got no money and that's why we're all in the mess we're in right now. 
 I reckon he thought he had a fortune, but then his brother rolled back into town claiming that this is all his land. 
 You think Johnny's planning on being the master here? 
 Thank you for stopping by, Mr Coates. 
 Good day to you. 
 Good day, ma'am. 
 Annie, don't accept these. 
 What? 
 There's no value to 'em. You'll get no money to back 'em up. 
 My brother's word counts for nothing. 
 The whole town is thick with them. 
 They're the only reason work carries on at all. 
 Johnny, you have to tell people. 
 What, and let all hell loose? 
 Johnny, if you want folk o think you're on their side, you've no choice. 
 Listen. 
 These are worth nothing here or anywhere else. 
 I knew it! Let's go and see Blackwood. 
 I've seen a few places in my time. 
 China, South America... 
 Well, welcome to Yorkshire. 
 Can't promise anything exotic. 
 Oh, I don't know. 
 Just scores of grubby navvies. 
 You'll soon have scores more. 
 I'm here to plan the quarry for the other side of the viaduct. 
 Mmm. Pa will be pleased. 
 More thirsty workers o fill his pockets. 
 Pretty face and a publican for a father? 
 This town's looking up already. 
 Actually, I'm looking for a room to rent. 
 We're not usually in the business for accommodation... 
 ...but exceptions can be made. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 
 
 
 Mr McCleod here is looking for a room to rent. 
 You must be Alma's sister. 
 Oh, that line's old as the moors and I've twice the wits she has. 
 If it's a room you're after, a shillin' a night. 
 Two up front in case of breakages. 
 And eyes off my daughter, else her intended might have summat to say. 
 What's happened to you? 
 Blackwood's dockets. 
 The word is we won't see a penny off the back of them. 
 What's... er... 
 What's that all about? 
 Just something and nothing. 
 (SHOUTING) 
 You're a liar, Mr Blackwood! 
 The shop won't take 'em, he canteen or the tavern because they're worthless. 
 I don't understand. 
 Your brother told us you don't have he money to honour 'em. 
 Please. I understand the confusion - 
 You've given us nowt but a dead promise. 
 He's made right fools of us. 
 Are we to be left without jobs? 
 What are we supposed to do? 
 So what now, Mr Blackwood? 
 Clear out the way, please! 
 Leave here with not a care for the rest of us? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Sorry's not good enough! 
 There's no use in this trouble. 
 And there's no use defending him. 
 Is there no work for you at Capsticks? 
 I don't know how we're going to manage. 
 Same as we always have. We'll get by, the three of us. 
 George? 
 What's this doing here? 
 I took it from fireplace when I ran back t'house that time. 
 We never speak of him no more. 
 You know why I don't say anything. 
 Cos you hate him. 
 Cos he left us wi' nothin'. 
 George. 
 It's because I don't want o say unkind things about him. 
 Things that might hurt you. 
 Easter, I know Charles doesn't have a penny left. 
 The guarantees, hey're nothing but scraps of paper. 
 What choice did he have? He's fighting for this place on his own. 
 Something your father never intended. 
 He wanted you back here alongside your brother. 
 Have you ever been to his grave? 
 This land is in your bones. 
 All he wanted was his family back together. 
 So do what you need to do o make that happen. 
 Folk have no idea what's going on. 
 Best to sit tight. 
 But you would tell me, would you, if I had to do otherwise? 
 No point in losing our heads. 
 Most are saying Blackwoods are bankrupt. 
 I wouldn't bet on that. 
 Not until each of them has declared their hand. 
 You've done your best. 
 You've shown the men you're on their side. 
 There's nothing else you can do. 
 There is. 
 This whole estate, he viaduct and the land, was left to me in my father's will. 
 But it's debt-ridden. There's not a penny left. 
 I didn't know until recently because my brother took it. 
 But it's now worth nothing. 
 So that's it? 
 This whole town is to pack up and move on? 
 There's the family house. 
 If I borrow money against that, we can pay the men. 
 It might give Jericho a chance at least. 
 Well, then do it. 
 It's what my father would have expected. 
 It seems you can't fight who you really are. 
 When you told me you were a Blackwood, I knew this day would come. 
 This doesn't have to change things. 
 With the best will in the world, Johnny, it does. 
 If you go through with this, it'll separate you from the rest of the men. 
 You can't drink with them at the tavern or wash alongside at the river because you'll be in charge. 
 And what about us? 
 Annie. 
 I rent bunks to navvies and I sell stew from the back of a hut. 
 It's a world away from what you're walking back into. 
 Then I won't do it. Not if it means that me and you - 
 And sacrifice people's homes and livelihoods? No. 
 It's the right thing to do. We both know it. 
 Go. 
 Tell people you'll find a way out of this. 
 But this could be our chance. 
 No. 
 Go forward in this together and we can put the past behind us. 
 Agree to my partnership and everything that you've worked for can be saved. 
 And I'm supposed to be grateful for that? 
 Welcome your offer with open arms? 
 It's what our father would have wanted. 
 It's what he intended. 
 It's my home as well as yours. 
 Since when did that mean anything o you? 
 This is the only way o do what's right by folk. 
 As far as you're concerned. 
 No, it's a fact. 
 Because if you don't, there's nothing to stop me taking over. 
 You wouldn't. 
 What choice do you leave me? 
 None. 
 Not if you still want some control. 
 Charles, look. 
 Johnny as a part of this was something we never discussed. 
 Charles. 
 Don't you think I understand that? 
 But if we do as he asks, all of our immediate problems are solved. 
 Doesn't that count for something? 
 It'll buy time for us. 
 There's nowt of value left in this ommy shop except muck and timber. 
 I've nothin' but the clothes on my back. 
 Blackwood should pay for this. It's time we take what's ours. 
 (SNORING) 
 Could help you move them to bed if you want. 
 Ah, best leave them be. 
 All chaos outside and they take refuge in a bottle. 
 Imagine mess if we did same. 
 Asleep. Dribblin' like a baby. 
 You could do worse, love. 
 And that's the best to hope for, is it? 
 He loves you, Alma. 
 He can't believe his luck. 
 In't that enough? 
 Trouble is, life can't be all lightning in a bottle. 
 Sometimes you just have to make do. 
 (SNORING) 
 Here, we'll take everything from Blackwood's house. 
 No. It... It isn't right. 
 Thieving's not the way to go. 
 He's stolen from us. 
 We're only takin' a share of what's rightfully ours. 
 Look, I could lend some money. To see you move on. 
 We could go together. 
 Got enough for the rest of us? 
 I couldn't take your money. 
 And Blackwood's gettin' no more than he deserves. 
 Well, I'm sorry. I can't have no part in it. 
 A word to anyone about this and I'll slice you open. 
 How many of them? 
 Five. Six, maybe. 
 Dagger included. 
 We have to stop them. 
 No. Stay out of it, Annie. 
 Hawker had a knife. 
 I'd like to believe all of this was for the benefit of your brother. 
 It is. 
 And you get something in return. 
 Well, that's only fair. 
 What isn't is taking what's mine and asking me to disappear again. 
 If you did, I'd see you weren't left penniless. 
 You can't honestly believe hat you becoming part of this venture is a good idea. 
 Why not? 
 You forget everything hat went on between us? 
 Listen, there's nothing o be gained from bringing that up. 
 It was one night together years ago. 
 One night? 
 We talked about running away. 
 Isabella, we were younger. 
 Foolish. 
 Yes, I was... o believe anything you had to say. 
 Why should I now? 
 Because I'm a different person. 
 And from where I'm standing, so are you. 
 If we leave right now, we can try and warn them. 
 We can't just do nothing. 
 So you come to me for help, huh? 
 I'd thought you'd go get Johnny. 
 He's already at the house. 
 Trying to solve this mess. 
 So it's true. I was right about him all along. 
 He is in danger, Mr Coates, and one of the men had a knife. 
 You expect a toast? 
 There's no harm in doing something o mark our new business situation. 
 One based on a threat. 
 Charles, ake out the past ten years, was it really so bad between us? 
 There's nothing to stop us making this work. 
 Dagger, you go first. 
 What are you waiting for? 
 Maybe Sam was right. 
 Happen this isn't the way to go. 
 No, I'm not a thief. I never have been, so... 
 We are not leaving here empty-handed. 
 We'll hurt them if we have to. 
 Where are you lot going? 
 (INHALES SHARPLY) 
 Argh! (BREATHES HEAVILY) 
 (STRAINING) 
 (GASPS) 
 No! Please, please, no! 
 No, no, no! I don't mean any harm. 
 It was... It wasn't my idea to come here. 
 Mr Blackwood, sir. 
 What's going on, Dagger? 
 I never meant any of this, Johnny. 
 We just wanted what was owed. 
 Isabella! 
 This is nowt to do wi' you, Prince. It's your brother we've got grievance with. 
 We're family. 
 You make trouble for him, it's with me too. 
 Thought as much. Blood thicker han water. No worry to us. 
 If you harm her - - Back off! 
 It's over, Hawker! It's just us two making trouble for ourselves. 
 (GRUNTING) 
 I'll cut you up, Prince. 
 I should have done this first time I clapped eyes on you. 
 Johnny! 
 Hawker, don't be a fool. 
 I'll be out of here soon enough. 
 You think it ends there? 
 One word to the law, hey'll track you down. 
 Back off! 
 Hawker, please. 
 Annie. 
 I understand your frustration, but don't make one mistake on top of another. 
 It'll live with you. 
 A death on your conscience, day after day for the rest of your life. 
 (GRUNTING AND GROANING) 
 (SOFTLY) I'm all right. 
 Don't you look nice. 
 Girl does her best with what she's got. 
 The only thing a man can do when a girl looks at him like that. 
 Once the men are paid and the others are punished, hopefully this is the end of any unrest. 
 I can do that... if you've other business to take care of. 
 It's usually Coates who takes care of the wages. 
 I'm sure Mr Blackwood is more than up to the task. 
 Coates, we should find Mr McCleod. 
 I'd like to continue with his thoughts on the quarry. 
 I'll need a moment with Mr Coates first. 
 Bring your keys. 
 I meant no harm. One thing led to another. 
 I never intended... There's no use you being here. 
 Go on. 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Let him go. 
 Your brother agreed hey should be punished. 
 It's his lies over the money that led to this. 
 Then I'll get authority from your brother. 
 You have mine. You need to make room for me. 
 We start with this, understand? 
 A knife held to my throat isn't something I easily forget. 
 There's no place for you here any more. 
 Your father... used to take you on walks. 
 He'd have Martha by the hand and you up on his shoulders. 
 All the way up to Castleberg Crag. 
 Oh, he could turn a Sunday walk hrough the Dales into a right adventure. Do you remember? 
 He once made a den out of sticks and he called it a castle. 
 I don't want you to lose hose precious memories... 
 ...but there's all sorts of things about him that you don't know. 
 And if you really want o learn the truth, hen there's some things you should hear. 
 Now, you know he gambled away our money. 
 I couldn't stop him. 
 Aye, whole village knew about that. 
 Well, he was very unhappy. 
 He had mountains of debt. 
 They say that... he threw himself off Castleberg Crag. 
 I thought you didn't know. 
 Lads at school used to talk about it. 
 I never believed them. 
 Oh, George, I'm so sorry. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 My boy. 
 I can't understand why he did what he did. 
 I know, love. 
 There's no explaining it. 
 But he loved you more than anything. 
 Don't ever doubt that. 
 So, Johnny Blackwood, eh? 
 He seems like a decent man. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 I know that he likes you. 
 It'd be nice to see you smile again. 
 You giving me permission o take up with him, are you? 
 Mr Coates, the Blackwoods are grateful to you for helping us. 
 Is that so? 
 Because from where I stand, I'm nothing but a stooge between brothers and no man should have to tolerate that. 
 Charging up to the house like that. 
 I don't know if it makes you he bravest woman I know... or the most stupid. 
 Bit of both? 
 Reckon you need somewhere to stay. 
 You offering me bed and board again, Annie Quaintain? 
 There's things we need to talk about. 
 It's not your business. 
 Charles still doesn't know about you and Johnny. 
 Wouldn't want anything o come between them again. 
 You might be married to Charlie now, but you are the reason hat John left in the first place. 
 It's ancient history. 
 But with John back around the table, matters you think dead and buried when he left might still cause upset. 
 Charles will hear nothing from me. 
 I trust you to do the same. 
 Three options for your quarry. 
 All require expensive excavation. 
 The best and the cheapest access site to quarry the stone is... 
 ...over there. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 