Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Episode 7 - Jericho 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Episode 7 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=544&t=25267 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/19/16 02:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Episode 7 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Whole thing was an accident. 
 Nobody's going to find out. 
 You'll make sure, they'll only dig so far? 
 This ground is soft, there's something else. 
 There's another body. 
 I have nothing new to tell you. 
 We didn't have a body back then. 
 With a blanket, this is a direct link to someone from your house. 
 I saw you, tear out something from his body. 
 Could be of some use, might even point to who did it. 
 Take this. 
 It's a proud moment, when a man receives his first ever wage. 
 No matter how he comes by it. 
 The world is full of men like Rory McCleod. 
 It's the ones that love you, even when you give them reason not to. 
 That's a real man. 
 That's your Davey. 
 John and Isabella were together? Is that what you're telling me? 
 It's you that I care about. 
 Then aren't I lucky to have you? 
 You can't go on the run. 
 Annie, I have to. 
 Coates. He won't let this lie. 
 Perhaps Coates understands exactly the type of man you are. 
 A liar, a cheat. Is it unreasonable to assume a murderer too? 
 (HORSE WHINNIES IN DISTANCE) 
 Mam? 
 (Annie breathes heavily) 
 Mam? 
 Yes, love? 
 What's gonna happen to Johnny? 
 I don't know. 
 But it were my fault. 
 I can't let him take t'blame for it. 
 We'll sort it. 
 Now try and get some sleep. 
 I need to own up, Mam. 
 I better tell them that it were me. 
 No, you don't. 
 You get that idea out of your head right now. And keep your voice down. 
 How the heck are you gonna sort it? 
 What's happening? 
 Nothing, love. 
 You go back to sleep. 
 Your brother's dreaming, is all. 
 I was only saying. 
 You've been "only saying" all morning. 
 Just give it a rest, will you? 
 Mark my words, the law takes on a different meaning when you're a gentleman. 
 We'll see no justice here. 
 Red was murdered in cold blood and thrown in the ground like an animal. 
 Now his body's sitting there rotting, while Johnny Blackwood kisses the backsides of his cronies. 
 Look, everybody says Red were responsible for the explosion. 
 It seems to me he were an animal! 
 There's no proof Johnny did owt. 
 But if he did, I reckon he was doing us all a favour. 
 You two have always been special friends, haven't you? 
 Hey, hey. Leave it! Leave it! 
 Leave it! 
 Get back to work, you two. 
 And no more trouble. 
 Forgive me for intruding, Mr Blackwood. 
 But with you being his brother, you'll know he's not to blame. 
 I can't help you, Mrs Quaintain. Coates is dealing with the matter. 
 He must take my brother before the magistrate, same as any man. 
 But you have sway, sir... influence. 
 And I know you're a good man. 
 The way you took my daughter in, saved her life. 
 You know Johnny could never hurt anyone. 
 Justice is blind to family loyalty. 
 I can't get involved. 
 So you're happy to entrust his life to another? 
 And you're sure Mr Coates is the right man? 
 I'm sorry, Mrs Quaintain. 
 You can't just abandon him! 
 (DOOR IS UNLOCKED) 
 Your food, Mr Blackwood. 
 I trust you slept well. 
 I need to see my brother. 
 I need to talk to him. 
 No, it's best you stay right here for now. 
 Red has friends on the gang and there've been rumblings. 
 I've sent for the magistrate, but until then, you're safer under lock and key. 
 And whatever's happened between us, sir, I'll see that you're dealt with fairly. 
 Davey : Mr Coates? 
 The workers are not happy, sir. They want answers. 
 As do we all. 
 We need to get t'magistrate down here quick time to avoid trouble. 
 It's a day's ride into town. I ain't leaving that prisoner with no protection. 
 And I ain't taking him with me, neither. 
 You yourself know, anything can happen up on those moors. 
 No, we stay right here until things quieten down. 
 (CLAMOURING) 
 This is our town. 
 Our turf, and Red was one of our own, not some gent dressed up in navvy's clothes. 
 Johnny needs to pay for what he did to him. 
 Gentlemen, gentlemen. 
 I can assure you, justice will be served. You have my word. 
 What's your promise count for in a room full of gentlemen who think we're nowt but scum? 
 You run this town. Do something! 
 All right. 
 Do it now before we do. 
 Let's talk about it. 
 See if maybe we can come to a solution between ourselves. 
 Capstick's. 
 Joe? 
 Yeah? 
 A barrel of ale if you will. 
 A barrel? 
 That's right. 
 If you please. 
 We've got important matters to discuss. 
 I'll roll one out. 
 What are you doing? What is it? 
 Davey, please, I need to see him. 
 It ain't safe here. 
 Imagine it were Alma, begging to see you. 
 I have to talk to him. 
 All right. 
 But if Mr Coates catches you, or me, for that matter... 
 Annie : Thank you. 
 Annie. 
 Annie. 
 What are we gonna do? 
 I'm helpless, trapped in here. 
 I'll think of something. 
 In the meantime, we keep quiet. 
 We give them nothing. 
 Maybe Charles will see sense. 
 No, we're on our own, he won't help us. 
 I went to him, asked him to help. 
 He straight out refused, won't use his position, anything. 
 No, listen to me, it'll be all right. 
 I'll do everything I can to get Coates off your back, clear your name, I don't know how but I will. 
 Annie, be careful. 
 Coates is gunning for me. 
 He'll stop at nothing to be rid of me. 
 Then let him do his worst. 
 He's got nothing on you, no evidence. 
 You didn't kill Red. 
 (DOOR CLOSES) 
 (BUZZ OF CHATTER AND LAUGHTER) 
 Drink up, gentlemen. 
 If you'll excuse me a moment, I've got business to attend to. 
 What's Coates playing at, filling their bellies with ale? 
 Surely it'll inflame things? 
 I don't know, but it's the fastest grasp of silver we've had in a while. 
 Mr Quaintain? 
 Whoa, whoa. 
 It's all right. 
 This trouble's got us all on edge. 
 Yes, sir. 
 Your mother too, huh? 
 Especially since your pa's gone and Johnny's locked up. 
 She's scared, sir. 
 Well, it's an upsetting business. 
 It must be tough on you, living in that house. 
 You know, uh... sometimes a man needs another man's counsel. 
 Come and take a walk with me. 
 Sometimes you just need to share the weight. 
 You know? 
 Take another man's view on the world. 
 I guess you had Johnny until now. 
 You were beginning to trust him... seek his advice. 
 I do listen to him. 
 And me mam. 
 Just happen they're not always right. 
 I mean... how can I let another man take on something that's my doing? 
 George, what's on your mind? 
 I promised me mam that I'd take it to t'grave. 
 I feel so ashamed. 
 I can't stop thinking about it. 
 It's there every day when I wake up. 
 He had nowt to do with it. 
 It had nothing to do with Johnny. 
 He were just trying to help. 
 I didn't mean him no harm. 
 I wanted to get away from him. 
 Are you telling me... that Red's death was down to you? 
 Johnny tried to cover it up. 
 (COATES SIGHS) 
 I can't let him pay for it, I can't. 
 I'm scared. 
 Come here, son. Aww. 
 We can handle this between us. 
 You mustn't say a thing about this. 
 Not another word about it to anybody. 
 Aye, of course. 
 (ROWDY SHOUTING) 
 Now we're for it. 
 These lot won't rest until they've lynched him. 
 Aye, I think you're right. 
 (LAUGHTER) 
 Coates has made fools of us all. 
 Thinking he can quieten us down with a bellyful of ale? 
 It's time Johnny Blackwood learnt the meaning of justice. 
 Open the door, Davey! 
 Look, I can't do that. Calm down, Shay. 
 Get out of me way! 
 Blackwood! 
 Come on out to me, Blackwood! 
 (YELLS) 
 Let me out, Davey! 
 Come out here! 
 Get back, Shay. 
 Come on, get back! Everybody, get back! 
 Calm down. 
 Davey : Calm down! Get back! 
 Gentlemen! Gentlemen! 
 Gentlemen! 
 Everybody, calm down! 
 I know you all want actions. 
 But let's go back to the tavern. 
 And you can give voice to your concerns there in a civilised way. 
 What, while he's hiding in there? 
 (ANGRY SHOUTS) 
 Give me the keys. 
 What about the magistrate? 
 There's no time. 
 Get back. 
 I've nothing to hide! 
 If each of you has a voice, it's only right that Johnny Blackwood has one too. 
 (ANGRY MUTTERING) 
 I hope you have a good story worked out. 
 Get him out of there! Come on! 
 Get him out of there! 
 (DOOR OPENS) 
 Where's George? 
 I'm not sure. 
 I need to find him. 
 I don't want you wandering about alone out there. 
 Mam, what is going on? 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 Polly : Hello, love. I'm just after a quick word with your mam. 
 Come in. 
 I thought you might need a friend with all that's going on. 
 You two, wait out there. 
 But don't think about stepping off that porch. 
 Can I count on you, Polly, as a friend? 
 In the truest sense of the word? 
 I need you to do something for me. 
 Without asking questions. 
 (CLAMOURING) 
 We all know that Johnny and Red came to blows once. 
 Navvies are always scrapping. 
 And it's a fact that Red's body was found in Annie Quaintain's blanket. 
 Now, Annie Quaintain is not strong enough to kill a man of Red's stature. 
 But Johnny Blackwood was living in her hut and could have easily taken that blanket. 
 (ANGRY SHOUTS) 
 Mr Coates, it's a bunkhouse! 
 Any number of fellas could have snatched that blanket. 
 What I know that you don't know, is that Mr Blackwood was determined to exhume those bodies by himself. 
 That's not true. You're a liar, Mr Coates. 
 It's not a job that any man would relish, unless he had something to hide, perhaps. 
 How about we cut his throat and sling him in the same dirty hole? 
 (CHEERING AND ANGRY SHOUTING Quiet, please. 
 You don't know what you're talking about. 
 Quieten down! 
 He went missing just after Red was dug up! 
 You don't know what you're talking about! 
 He was trying to flee! And, look, he's lied to us from the start! 
 What posh gent would want to live down here unless he was hiding summat? 
 What's he got to hide? 
 Quiet, please! 
 This is not gonna work if we all speak at once. 
 Now, if you want to say your piece... 
 Give me this. Bring this on out. 
 If you've got something to say... you stand on this. 
 If you ain't standing right there, then you ain't got the right to talk. 
 Agreed? 
 Aye. 
 The whole town's turning out. 
 Mam, why have you changed your dress? 
 That's your mourning gown, in't it? 
 Yes, it is. 
 Reckon it'll do no harm to remind them we've had enough heartache for one lifetime. 
 Right, Martha, you're to accompany your mam. 
 George, me and you are gonna keep an eye on that stew pot. 
 Why can't George come? 
 It's no place for young eyes nor ears. 
 Aye, all right. 
 You look after your mam. 
 So what if Johnny fought with Red? 
 It don't make him guilty of murder. 
 Oh, oh, Dagger! Happen you're in on it, mate, you're always trying to protect him. 
 All navvies fight from time to time! 
 Me too! 
 And you... you... and you. 
 And no one's accusing us of killing Red. 
 You've got nothing on him. 
 (MURMURS OF ASSENT) 
 Well said, Dagger! You can't prove anything! 
 (CLAPPING) 
 Quiet, quiet. 
 Who's next to step up and speak? 
 Alma : I reckon I've got summat to tell you. 
 (MURMURS OF SURPRISE) 
 I were taking a walk late the other night. 
 (SUGGESTIVE GROANS) 
 I stopped for a breather, a short moment to myself. 
 Man : Were you on your own? 
 And I overheard Annie and Johnny talking. 
 At first, I thought they were having a private moment. 
 I mean, Annie's got two kids. 
 It can't be easy for sweethearts, even at their age. 
 (RIPPLES OF LAUGHTER) 
 They were whispering secrets... about something terrible that had happened. 
 And you could see it by the look on their faces. 
 What did I tell you? He's guilty! 
 (SHOUTS OF ASSENT) 
 Coates : Quieten down, everybody! 
 Let the girl speak! 
 What's she playing at? She don't know nothing about it! 
 Don't bet on it. Where there's trouble, Alma'll find it. 
 You're right there, Joe. 
 Aye. 
 All I ever hear talk of is your mam's cooking. 
 (CLEARS THROAT) 
 What's the big secret, then, eh, George? 
 Secret? What do you mean? 
 The ingredient. 
 Oh, erm... dunno. Salt? 
 Too busy with your books to worry about owt like cooking, aren't you? 
 Then how come you've not turned a single page since I got here? 
 Have you ever played faro? 
 Eh? 
 Johnny and Red were avowed enemies! 
 What happened was more than scrapping. Jack had to break them apart and warn Red off. 
 Sadly, Jack is not here to speak for himself. 
 (MUTTERINGS OF REGRET) 
 Hatty... is there something you can help us with? 
 No. 
 No, I weren't there. It's not my place to speak on it. 
 But your husband might have said something. 
 No one's opinion was more trusted than Jack's. 
 It would mean a lot to us all if we knew how he felt about the matter. 
 Man : Speak up, lass. 
 Jack did tell me about a fight between Johnny and Red. 
 Aye, every man saw it. She doesn't need to account for it. 
 No, not the fight at the viaduct. 
 They fought another time as well. 
 It was down at the river, it ended with Red pulling a knife. 
 Jack had no option but to fire him. 
 Red vowed to pay Johnny out. 
 Well, happen Johnny got there first! 
 No, I'm not saying there was any kind of vendetta between them, I'm not saying that. 
 I can't deny there were bad blood. 
 Jack did the right thing banishing Red. 
 And Red paid him out with that explosion. 
 I say Red Killeen got what he deserved! 
 Dead and buried in an unmarked grave! I'm glad of it! 
 (ANGRY SHOUTING) 
 Me mam don't let us play cards in t'house. 
 Me and me dad used to but she stopped us. 
 Oh, yeah? Why's that, then? 
 She said it were a game for cheats and drunks. 
 Hey, your bet were on t'other card before. 
 (CHUCKLES) 
 Happen your mam was right. 
 You're getting there. It only took two rounds before you noticed this time. 
 (SHOUTING IN DISTANCE) 
 How long do you reckon they're gonna be? 
 
 
 
 You're fond of Johnny, then? 
 Well, aye. 
 Then there's Johnny's feud with his brother. 
 And the reason he hid his name. 
 Who's to say that Johnny didn't cause that explosion... trying to sabotage his brother's business? 
 Is this the fair hearing that you promised me? 
 You set me up from the start. 
 What more do we need to hear? 
 (SHOUTS OF ASSENT) 
 Johnny had cause. He has a history of violence, he's got a history of lying. 
 So what are we gonna do with the guilty man? 
 We've no prison. 
 We banish him across our borders, he walks away a free man. 
 Man : Call for the magistrate! 
 As far as I can see... there is only one solution. 
 Take that, you dirty scum! 
 Leave him alone! Don't touch him! 
 Coates : Everybody, step back! 
 Mr Coates, sir. 
 What about the tin? 
 What's that? 
 The one you took from Red's corpse. 
 You said it was evidence. 
 Evidence that's not gonna help him. 
 That tin had money in and it ended up in your pocket. I heard how you spent it. 
 It was a pretty girl, huh? 
 Don't let anything happen to him. 
 I need to go to the Blackwood house, Mr Blackwood needs to know what's happening. 
 I'm begging you, don't let them touch him. 
 Come on! 
 (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING, DOOR OPENS) 
 You have to come, Mr Blackwood! 
 It's John, he's in bad trouble. 
 The shanty folk are taking justice into their own hands. 
 At least, they're about to. what about the magistrate? 
 Mr Coates, he didn't send for him! 
 Some of the men are talking vengeance and demanding that Johnny pay in kind. 
 I think they might hang him. 
 Epiphany : Oh, Lord, have mercy. 
 Got you. (CHUCKLES) 
 You need to do it with more confidence. 
 I could see your hand shaking. 
 (KNOCK AT DOOR) 
 (POLLY SIGHS) 
 I've got my work cut out with you. 
 (KNOCKING PERSISTS) 
 A message from Annie. Says you're to do as she asked, to go to Settle. 
 What's going on? 
 Your mam told me to tell you to go with Polly. 
 Says it's important. 
 You've all heard about the violent altercation between Johnny and Red. 
 He hasn't denied it, to his credit. 
 But what about his movements around the time Red was murdered? 
 Annie Quaintain? 
 You're best placed to help us with that. 
 (MURMURS OF ENCOURAGEMENT) 
 Hold on tight, George. 
 You ever driven an horse before? 
 We're going too fast! 
 By heck! 
 George, love, what are you doing? 
 Sit down before you fall down! 
 I need to get off. 
 Whoa! 
 Whoa, Bessie! 
 I need to go back there! 
 George, love, what's the matter all of a sudden? 
 George! 
 You're quite fond of Johnny, Miss Quaintain? 
 (MURMURS OF ASSENT) 
 I don't see how my opinion on him has any bearing here, Mr Coates. 
 The two of you are close, we all know that. 
 He's a good man. 
 (MOCKING LAUGHTER) 
 Are you two close enough to conceal a crime, perhaps? 
 He's no crime to conceal. 
 Of course he has! She knows more than she's letting on! 
 (PEOPLE SHOUTING AT ONCE) 
 And you have no idea who took that blanket? 
 No. 
 There wasn't one fella in particular who complained about being cold that night? 
 (MOCKING LAUGHTER) 
 Hey, that's enough! Leave her be! 
 Cheap jibes won't get you any closer to the truth, Mr Coates. 
 You and Johnny are close. 
 Is that why I can't see a wedding ring on your finger? 
 Or is it because you and the man who stands here are lovers? 
 Do you two share a lovers' secret, a secret that you would do anything to conceal? 
 Man : Tell the truth, woman! 
 (CLAMOURING) 
 You're right, Mr Coates! 
 We do have a secret. 
 Johnny and I are lovers. 
 Shay : Oh, now we're getting somewhere! 
 See, ladies and gentlemen, what I've been telling you? 
 And we were together... alone... the night that Red Killeen was murdered. 
 That's how I know he has no crime to conceal. 
 So, no, I don't wear my wedding ring any more. I don't even know where it is! 
 So you want us to believe that you were in a deep clinch, a passionate embrace with this man, the moment that Red Killeen was being murdered? 
 Yes, I do, because it's true! 
 You want us to believe that while you stand here in your mourning clothes? 
 Who are you, Annie? Huh? 
 The grieving widow who's struggling to protect her children, or a woman who just throws her wedding ring away so that she can lay with a handsome young navvy, just moments after the tragic death of two of his friends? 
 Mr Coates! Mr Coates! 
 I reckon I can tell you t'whereabouts of that wedding ring. 
 She sold it me... in return for taking her to Settle. 
 She were going after her boy. 
 He'd run away. 
 It's in a shop there. 
 I pawned it. 
 Why was her lad running away? 
 Happen he knows summat. George Quaintain, where is he? 
 Coates : No, no! 
 No, you don't need the boy. You don't need George. 
 You can't put a boy on the stand, it ain't fair. 
 Oh, look who's turned up to save the day! 
 Just in time, Mr Blackwood, just in time to witness Jericho justice. 
 You can't create a monster and then expect it not to roar! 
 (JEERING AND SHOUTING) 
 (ROPE CREAKING) 
 You're to tell me how you did it, exactly. 
 They're like a pack of animals. 
 Mam is taking a hiding in there, so you're to tell me so I can help her. 
 And you. 
 George! 
 I just wanted to get away from him. 
 He had me trapped on t'scaffold. 
 I took this tanner's knife... just to protect myself with. 
 To scare him off. 
 I didn't mean to cut him. 
 You're to go home. Go home and stay there. 
 No... Johnny. 
 He'll get blamed for it, they'll hang him. It's my doing. 
 It's all right. Trust me, I know what to do. 
 Please just go. 
 (CLAMOURING) 
 Hey! 
 You've got to do something! 
 I'm not sure I can. They're not gonna let me just walk Johnny out of here. There'll be a riot! 
 I've something to say. 
 (CROWD QUIETENS DOWN) 
 Johnny Blackwood is guilty, I know so. 
 Johnny killed Red. 
 There were a fight between him and Johnny up on t'scaffold. 
 Johnny cut Red with a tanner's blade. 
 (MURMURS OF SHOCK) 
 There was a weapon buried next to the body. 
 A tanner's blade. 
 She's right! 
 A tanner's blade! What do you say to that? 
 George. 
 Where is he? 
 George! 
 George. 
 Get that boy down! 
 Martha is lying. 
 Get down, George! 
 George : She's just trying to protect me! 
 Johnny Blackwood's innocent. 
 I killed Red Killeen. 
 (GASPS OF ASTONISHMENT) 
 Let the boy speak! 
 Look, I had no intention of hurting him! 
 No reason to! 
 But he chased me up t'scaffold. 
 I grabbed t'tanner's blade to protect meself with, that's all. 
 I nicked him once on t'neck when I were trying to fight him off. 
 Then... he fell back off t'scaffold. 
 It were him or me. 
 Look, Johnny did nothing wrong. 
 He were just trying to help me and me mam. 
 But it were wrong. 
 Wrong of me to let him. 
 Wrong of me not to own up. 
 Cos when a man's at fault, he should face t'consequences. 
 Why was Red so set on killing you? 
 What had passed between you? 
 I knew what he'd done. 
 I saw him stealing from t'explosives hut. 
 (OUTRAGES CRIES) 
 Red caused the explosion. 
 He killed Skinny and Jack. 
 Calm down, everybody. 
 Quieten down. 
 I think it's time to release me. 
 Annie, bring the boy up. 
 No... 
 He's confessed like a man, let him face the consequences. 
 Man : George is just a boy! 
 George Quaintain has... bravely admitted the killing of Red. 
 Man : It were an accident! 
 Now it's up to us to decide his fate. 
 You can't do owt to him, Mr Coates. 
 (MURMURS OF AGREEMENT) 
 Let the boy be, Mr Coates. 
 What say you, Mr Blackwood? 
 Surely he was doing all he could to save himself. 
 Aye. 
 He was that. 
 It'll be my recommendation to the magistrate that Red Killeen's death was accidental. 
 Red Killeen murdered one of ours. 
 And he's not here today to talk about that. 
 But some might say that today, justice was done. 
 (CHEERING) 
 We'll shake on it, Mr Coates. 
 Come on, son. 
 You kept your cards close to your chest. 
 I am so proud of you, Davey Sharpe. 
 You were summat else today. 
 What were you doing out walking so late to overhear what you did? 
 Like I said, I were taking a moment for meself. 
 I couldn't sleep. 
 I were thinking of you. 
 It's as though this trouble... all this hurt caused for George, Johnny, Annie... all started with lies. 
 Folk being afraid of telling the truth. 
 I don't want to live like that. 
 You won't have to. 
 Not if you're with me. Not once we're married. 
 Let's set a date, Davey. 
 Make me an honest woman. 
 Johnny : Charles, wait. 
 Words can't express our relief, John. 
 Will you not stay for a drink? 
 Toast my freedom and George's. 
 I don't think so. 
 Home, Easter, if you please. 
 Oh, come on, Charles, why not? 
 There's been more than one secret unearthed here in the past two days. 
 I know what happened between you. 
 Oh, Charles, I... 
 It was a long time ago. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Drive on. 
 Aye, you best run like a rat. 
 You've got no place here. 
 You'll be seeing me again, Dagger Wilkins. 
 I ain't finished here. 
 Why didn't you tell me what had happened instead of lying to me all this time? 
 Didn't you trust me? 
 I couldn't put you through it, Martha. 
 The lies, the fear... 
 Look, it's over now. 
 We can start again. 
 No more secrets. 
 Come on. 
 What was it you once said to me? 
 You'd either see a stallion drive another from the herd. 
 You've been desperate to get rid of me since we first clapped eyes on each other. 
 I had to give this town its justice. 
 And serve yourself into the bargain. 
 You've got a week to work out your notice. 
 And then I want you gone. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 