Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Honeymoon's Over - The Baker and the Beauty 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Honeymoon's Over https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=933&t=36484 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/12/20 16:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Honeymoon's Over 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "The Baker and the Beauty..."   - You are ready. 
  - You have to tell us   how you make this silly taste so good   You should have a show about food or something. 
    - The camera loves you. 
  - Speaking of. 
   
 - Daniel, you have no idea. 
  The press smell blood.   They're gonna start circling.    Fame is hard on a relationship.    I have a film starting production next week,    and you'd be perfect for it.     There's another group of sharks we have to deal with.   My family... they keep asking to meet you.     Hi, I'm Noa.     Smells delicious.     Would you ever think of opening a restaurant?     The place next door would be a great café.     Maybe when Daniel takes over.     I don't want Daniel to lose sight of who he is.     I care about your son.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]     I'm gay.     You're too young to know anything about being gay.     This is who I am.     Family dinner?     You invited her to family dinner?     - Oh!  - Find yourself a new manager.     What is it with this girl and soup?   [UPBEAT MUSIC]     Hey, are you gonna see her later?     [REPORTERS QUESTIONING SIMULTANEOUSLY]     Is that a special delivery for Noa?     No, it's just a regular delivery.   ♪     You guys should try our pastelitos.     They're delicious.   ♪     So this is what rich people Christmas is like.     Yo, I got dibs on these.     Dude, you're calling dibs on everything.     - What is all this stuff?  I was only gone    minutes.     Happy being Noa Hamilton's boyfriend day.     Guys, we can't keep this.     Daniel, they want you to have this stuff, okay?     You put these on, get a photo in a magazine, boom, that's free advertising.     Have Mom and Dad seen any of this?     - Yeah, they have.  - [SIGHS]   [ACOUSTIC MUSIC]   ♪     - Oh!  - [LAUGHS]   Oyeme, chica.     Ay, Rafael, live a little, Papi.     Put on a mask and get rid of those frown lines.     Okay, I had nothing to do with this.     There may not be a bill, Daniel,    - but there's always a price.  - Yep.   [CAR HONKING]     When does it end?     [SIGHS]     [GASPS]   [PUNCHY MUSIC]     On behalf of Dade Motors, we'd love to know what you think of the car.     Okay, now can I have the sneakers?   ♪     Uh, I'm sure Noa would love to go for a ride.     This is insanity, okay?   ♪     Daniel, grab the keys.     [CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICKING]     Daniel, just reach your hand and wrap your finger...     Daniel, take the keys!   ♪     So what do you think?     So far, life in the public eye...     not so bad.     - [ENGINE REVS]  - [LAUGHS]   [KNOCKS]     Vanessa, I came to apologize.     - I am so over you guys.  - Okay, you know what?     Let me get...     That's okay, but let me explain.     - Give me the gift.  - No, you gotta let me explain.     Okay.     - Explain.  - Yeah?  Cool.     Look...     I lied to you about being sick because I wanted to meet Noa Hamilton.     I don't know.  It's just...     I thought maybe...     she'd help make me famous.     Famous, Mateo?     But then you came in and you said what you did...   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]     And how we just let Noa have dinner at our house like nothing, like no problem, it hit me.     You were right.     You've done so much for me.   ♪      I think you and I can really be a good team.   ♪      And you're so good at convincing people to give me a chance, and I am so, so not good at that.      [CHUCKLES]  Yeah, you're not.      Right?      You're so bad at it that I'm surprised people even listen to you.      - I mean...  - Yes.      - It's painful to watch, Mateo.  - Okay.      Like, you might have a disorder.      Like, do you ever hear yourself talking?      - It's like the...  - I need you...      To manage me.  I need you.      One lie...      one lie, Mateo, and I will never speak to you again.  I'm serious.   ♪      - Vanessa, thank you.  - Don't thank me.      Go write some new material.   ♪      We can't dine out on "Calle Ocho Guy" forever, right?   ♪      [RAPPING]  ♪ You gonna be so glad that you witnessed ♪     ♪ The slickest in this business ♪     ♪ No stress    ♪ A-plus on the swagger ♪    - ♪ Testosterone, if you...  ♪ - Leave.      Okay.   ♪      - A café.  - No way.      With a business loan, we can do this.      This is our chance, Papi.  Revenue is up.      Thomas Gold called your magnificos life changing.      It's time for us to expand.      Do you know how much it would cost to knock down the wall?      Yes, I do.      BETTER: expand the kitchen.      - Hire more help?  - Do you know?      Hmm?  Because I did the numbers.      They're right there.      We can do this,  mi amor.      Think about it, Rafael.      Cooking...  real cooking like you used to do.      Ay, Mari, [ipor favor.[/i]      That was another place, another life.      So?  Let's do it now in this place, in this life.      I just worry that...      That was a dream of a younger man.      [DOOR CLUNKS]   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]   ♪      Come on.  So what do you think?      I think it's been almost a week.      How long is this cold war gonna last?      I'm just trying to give her her space, Rafael.      You give her any more,     she'll be living in another state, Mari.   ♪      I don't know what to say to her.   ♪      I'm scared I'm gonna say the wrong thing.      You're her mother.  Of course you're gonna say the wrong thing.   ♪      And then you'll say exactly what she needs to hear.   ♪   [PUNCHY MUSIC]   - [LAUGHS]  - I liked that.      - That was fun, right?  - I like that side of you.      That was kind of cool.  [LAUGHS]      Who knew you were such a speed demon, though?      I've got moves you haven't seen.      Ugh, get a room.      [GASPS]      [CHUCKLES]      One I'm not in, please.      Is he always waiting for you?      No, only when he has messes to clean up.      Like, I don't know, joyriding in a free car?      - Keys, please?  - She said it was okay.      Oh, did she?  She should know better.      - You're such a buzzkill.  I'll be right back.      - Be nice.  - I'm always nice.      Here's the deal.  You and Noa are a thing now.      And sure, there are perks, but the one question you have to ask yourself before accepting any of them: is this good for Noa?      So driving around in a flashy car, feeding this narrative that you're some gold-digging upstart...      - I'm not.  - Isn't good for Noa.      [SIGHS]      So what's up, Lewis?      I know you didn't come for car keys.      - Well, one, tonight's gala.  Your dress is in the closet.      Daniel, your tux will be here this afternoon.      - I have a tux?  - Yes.      You're not working the gala this time, baker boy.      You're attending it with Noa.      Two, KKR&A upped their offer.  Here's the proposal.      - Offer for what?  - My company.      Megacorporations are always trying     to buy her out, and she always says the same thing.      No.      Okay, so that's two out of three.      Did Birch Branch call back?   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]   ♪      Yep.   ♪      You two have a meeting this afternoon.      What are you guys talking about?      Okay, so, babe,     remember when I said you were great on camera?      I sent your Piñones video to a production company     that works with the Food Channel,     and they want to have a meeting with you...      about a show.      Wait, you serious?      Is that a good face or bad face?      No, it's a great face.      I mean...  me on TV.      Yeah, baby, you'll be great.   [UPBEAT MUSIC]      I'm gonna go try on that dress.   ♪      Take the meeting.   ♪      She's not gonna date a baker her whole life.   ♪      Oh, absolutely,     This is actually one of the best school districts     in the city.      Here's more info.      Oh, hi!      - Welcome.  - Hey there.      How can I help you?      Um, well, I'm actually here to help you.      I...  okay, first thing you should know     is that couple right there...      and that guy right over there...      they're reporters for gossip rags.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]      - They're spying on you.  - What?      Why?      Because you're Daniel Garcia's ex-girlfriend,     - #TheSoupThrower.  - #SoupThrower?      Look, I'm a reporter too, only unlike them,     I'm not here to catch you in some big gotcha.      - I just...  - Listen, just leave, okay?      - Hi, welcome.  - I...      Um, check out the new countertops.      Gorgeous.   ♪      Yeah, look, I'm sure you don't want to hear this.      It's probably hard enough to have to see     Daniel and Noa's face everywhere you turn,     but you are part of the story too.      Okay, listen, I don't have anything to say about them.      So you can leave.      I respect that.      Sooner or later, someone's gonna want to tell your side     whether you like it or not, so...      give me a call if you decide     to have control over your story.   ♪      It's just a business card.      Got it.      And from now on, hey, just assume anyone you talk to     is just a less scrupulous me.   [ACOUSTIC MUSIC]   ♪      No, Daniel Garcia is not working today,     but I'm Rafael.      This is my bakery,     and I'm confident I can help you     with anything that he...   [SOFT ACOUSTIC MUSIC]      [DOOR CHIMES]      How many of you are waiting to buy something     from Daniel Garcia?      - Over here, yeah!  - ALL: Yeah!      Your brother's gonna be the death of me.      Half the line are customers just waiting to meet him.      I know, right?      They should meet his cool, better-looking brother.      We have another brother?      Low-hanging fruit.  That's what that was.      Hey, Natalie, how 'bout you and I go shopping today?      - Me?  - Yeah.      It's been a while since we've had girl time.      Come on, let's go spend some of Papi's money.      But Daniel's off today.      - Go, go.  Go with your mother.  Mateo and I will handle it.      Please, you two go.  Have a good time.      - Spend my money.  - [CHUCKLES]      Sounds great.      It's gonna be fun.      I'll go get the car.  I'll meet you out front.      - Yay.  - Bye.      Dad, I got     a recording session this afternoon.      I told you about it last week.      You're gonna have to cancel it.      I need you to work the counter     while I finish fixing the leak in the storage closet.      Great idea, except...      I can't cancel or else I'll lose the money.      You have to.  Mom and Natalie left.      Call them back.      [CHUCKLES]  Mateo.      What?      You know how important it is for them to...      - Go shopping?  - To reconnect.      I need you here.  End of story.      So let me see if I get this.      Everybody else gets to do whatever they want,     and I get stuck here picking up the slack?      Is that what you're telling me?      Dad, I got a business thing to go to.      It's important.      I can't work the counter and fix the leak,     and if I don't fix the leak,     that's a health code violation that could shut us down.      Everyone in this family needs to sacrifice     for each other at some point or another,     and today...  [CLICKS TONGUE]      It's your turn.  Period.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]   ♪      [PHONE CHIMES]   ♪      - Lewis, what are you doing?  Should I be worried?      The only time you decide to eat healthy     is when you're coming down with something     or you're dating someone new     and you think that you need to lose weight,     in which case, let me tell you, you don't.      You look great.      He's a nutritionist,     and they say kale makes you horny, so...      - [LAUGHS]  - We need to talk.      Your serious voice.      I heard from Charles Cooper.      The board wasn't exactly happy     that you turned down the KKR&A offer without even asking them.      It's my company.      Yes, but you do have a board of directors     who would like to be kept in the loop.      - Fine, send them the proposal.  - Thank you.      - [PHONE CHIMES]  - Thank you.      Then they can agree with me.      Now I need to go to this meeting with Daniel.      - I'm already late.  - Noa, really?      You don't need to be there.  Daniel's a big boy.      Noa, hi.  It's Melanie Caan.   Hope I'm not catching you at a bad time.      [WHISPERS]  Put it on speaker.      Uh, no, not at all.  How are you?      I'm good.  I just got back from Toronto.   I know this is insanely short notice,      but I'm here at my place in Miami.      I was hoping we could get together to discuss      another project, one without Colin Davis.      Uh, yes, of course.  Anytime.      Any chance you could swing by my place in, say, an hour?   [ELECTRONIC MUSIC]      [WHISPERS]  Say yes.      - Uh, hang on one second.  Let me double check.      Oh, my God.  Are you insane?      What about Daniel?      You are going to see Melanie Caan     because this is your dream.   ♪      Daniel would agree.   ♪      Melanie Caan!  That's great.      Well, let's reschedule this.      - No, no, no, don't be silly.  You don't need me.      Just go in there and wow them.      Noa, I've never done anything like this before.      It's a general meeting.      They just want a feel for who you are.   Listen, you single-handedly saved      my entire benefit in Puerto Rico,     and you made it magical.      You have a gift, okay?  Trust me.   I gotta go, but break a leg, okay?   - Bye.  - Bye.   ♪      Daniel, are we still waiting on Ms.  Hamilton?      Actually, it'll just be me.      Okay then.  This way.   ♪   I can tell you're a serious buyer,      so I won't beat around the bush.      New kitchen, new floors,     his and her closets in the master bedroom.      I like it.      But I was really looking for his and his closets,     not that I want to go back in the closet.      - His and his, of course.  That's exactly what I meant.   ♪      So do you want to make an offer?      Well, I think I would.   ♪      You really don't know who I am?      Wait, please don't tell me     you're another one of those reporters.      I'm Noa Hamilton's manager.      Even better.      Yet another person walking in here and wasting my time.      I'm not here to waste your time.      I'm here to buy a house, which will, coincidentally,     give you a nice, big, fat, juicy commission.      You're asking    k for this place, right?      Uh-huh.      Hmm.      How about     cash and we close today?   [DRAMATIC ACOUSTIC MUSIC]      - Huh?  - [SIGHS]   ♪      And in return?      Well, when we sit down to sign the paperwork,     I just get you to sign an NDA.      [CHUCKLES]  Wow.      Look, correct me if I'm wrong.      You're turning down interviews, so I'm not asking you     to do anything that you're not already doing.      I just think you should be rewarded for your loyalty.      You took a big swing,     and it ended in a botched proposal that went viral.      That was embarrassing.      And then Noa winds up with Daniel     after you break up with him.      That sucks too.      So now what?      You can move on with your life and get something out of this.      You're an industrious woman.      Probably take this seed money, and, a decade from now,     you run an empire.      Hmm.      Trust me, you never know     when life's gonna throw you a curveball.      I'm sorry.      I'm not for sale.   [PUNCHY MUSIC]   - ♪ Run it, skill ♪ - [SIGHS]      - Damn it.   - ♪ Run it ♪   [SINGING IN SPANISH]   ♪      What about this one?      I know you're really excited about the idea     of throwing me a quinceañera,     but...  I'm already   .      Ay, nobody's gonna care.  [GASPS]      Mama, look at this one.   ♪      Our bakery is known for its meringues,     but does that mean I have to look like one?   ♪      Okay, you're right.      Oh, Mom, look at this one.      Ay, Natalie.      It's your quince, Mama,     not the Cuban version of "Twilight."     Okay, that's fair.   ♪      - Ooh.  - I love it.      - [LAUGHS]  - Ay, sí, Mama.      [SPEAKS SPANISH]  _     - Really, you like it?  - Mm-hmm, yes.      It's not traditional.      I don't care if it's not traditional.      I only care that it makes you happy.      And it doesn't make you look like a vampire.      [LAUGHS]   [TENDER MUSIC]      Wow.      Ay,  tu abuela  and I, we had such a fun time     planning my quince.      Turned out to be one of the best days of my life.      I just want that for you too,  mi amor.      For all of us.   ♪      I'd really like that, Mom.      Good.      Now let's see you in this dress.      Come on, let's try it on.   ♪      Well, Daniel, let me start by saying,     - big fans.  - Fans.      We love what you shot in Puerto Rico.      The part where you and Noa are eating the plantains.      Yes!  What are those called again?      The fried green ones are called tostones,     but when they're ripe, Cubans call them  maduros.      Puerto Ricans call them  amarillos.      That means yellow.  I did a semester in Barcelona.      So pitch us your idea.   [PUNCHY ELECTRONIC MUSIC]      Pitch?   ♪      Your vision for a show.   ♪      Right, um...   ♪      [CHILDREN SHOUTING EXCITEDLY]   ♪      - You made it!  - Hi.      I'm so sorry for the last-minute invite.      That must've sounded crazy.      No, I'm so happy you called.      Hello.  That's a very pretty crown.      Is it your birthday?  Happy birthday.   ♪      - Seven years old.  - So cute.      Never thought I'd have a kid,     but it's a great excuse for pizza and cake.      Ah!      The truth is,     food is one of our oldest forms of communication.      So if you think about it,     there's a whole world of chefs, cooks, food stands,     all telling unique stories through the dishes     that they make.      It's a universal language.      - A universal language.  - I love that.      I swear, the minute parents hear you're having     a drop-off party, they take full advantage.      Katie, do not feed the dog cake!      - [DOG BARKING]  - Have a slice.      Make yourself at home.  I'll be right back.   ♪      [SCREAMS]      And I always knew I wanted to do something     that combines food and culture because I just love     talking to people, meeting people.      Clearly...  so charming.      [LAUGHTER]      Noa really put it all together in San Juan.      She actually shot that video.      Oh...  well, that's why she's Noa Hamilton.      She has the magic eye.      - Hey, what's going on here?  - He pushed me.      I know.  I saw that.      Are you okay?  You hurt?      - No.  - Would you like some water?      No.      Shall we report him to the tug of war association?      Yeah!   ♪      Wow, international superstar Noa Hamilton     is also a kid whisperer.      [LAUGHS]      - Oh, and if Noa can drop in...  - Yes.      As a guest from time to time,     I think we have a hit show on our hands.      So you want me to adopt an accent and get a motorcycle.      - Don't forget the tattoos.  - Yeah.      And make sure Noa's along for the ride.      - I'm in.  - Me too.      I'm looking for someone to play the part     of a young mother, which is why I invited you here today,     to see how you act around kids.      [LAUGHS]   [SOFT ELECTRONIC MUSIC]      This film, it's a passion project.      I've been trying to get it made for years,     and I think you'd be perfect for the lead.   ♪      A lead.      We're shooting the entire thing     on location in Morocco.      It'll be challenging,     but I think it could show the world     a Noa Hamilton they've never seen before.      Like what "Monster" did for Charlize.   [PUNCHY ELECTRONIC MUSIC]      Wow.      So, what do you say?      You up for spending three months     in the middle of nowhere?   ♪      [LAUGHS]   ♪   Betsi, you should've been there.   It was surreal.      Tattoos and a motorcycle?      They really don't know you, do they?      I swear to God, that's what they said.      [CHUCKLES]  Well, you would look good.      [CHUCKLES]      Of course, when I think about it,     I love the idea of doing a show.      Hmm.      But it's like they had zero interest     in the real me doing it.      Well, that network is a business.      They want a Daniel they can sell,     a Daniel they can market to the world.      Be yourself, Daniel.      Don't let them change who you are.   ♪      Betsi, I've come here     every day to eat your samosas since I was a kid.      I have a proposition for you. 
 
   ♪      So break it down.      These samosas are filled with spiced potatoes,     - onions, coriander, and ginger?  - That is right.      Samosas are like the Indian cousin     of Cuban  papas rellenas.      - [CHUCKLES]  - Right?      How should I know?      Somebody never brings me any from his family's bakery.      Oh, snap.  Okay, I will.  I promise.      I'm sorry.  Listen, folks, do you see this?      Do you see that?      Da Vinci's got nothing on Betsi.      Look at that.      This is samosa art right here.      They're almost too beautiful to eat.      Keyword: "almost,"     'cause you know as soon as we stop filming,     I'm scarfing these down.   ♪      Okay, so you sure this is the one?      Because there are, like, six quince shops     in Little Havana, and I'm not scared     of taking a deep dive.      [CHUCKLES]  I am.      [LAUGHS]      - And I'm sure.  - Well, you look beautiful.      - Hola.  - Hola.      - We're gonna take this one.  - Oh, wonderful choice.      [SPEAKING SPANISH]  _     Gracias.      It's so nice     to see mothers and daughters preserving tradition.      _      [POP MUSIC]      Last week, a girl came in here wanting a quinceañera suit.      [LAUGHS]   [PUNCHY MUSIC]      Tell me something.      Are you Cuban?      [LAUGHTER]      You should go back to Cuba because this is America,     and this is a free country, and people are allowed     to be who they are, so if this is the way     you talk about your customers,     we're gonna take our business elsewhere.      [LAUGHS]  Adiós.  Vámonos.   ♪      All right, two  cafecitos,   uno pastelito de guayaba,   y dos croquetas de jamón,  right?      All right, seven bucks even.  Thank you.      Oh, thank you so much.  Appreciate it.      - Who put this here?  - [GASPS]      That would be me, your humble servant.      We sell food.  We don't ask for charity.      Well, I had to figure out another way to make up     for the     bucks I lost     for canceling the recording session.      You lost $   ?      We'll be right with you.      [SPEAKS SPANISH]  _     Throwing away money like that.      I lost the money because you forced me to stay here and work.      No, no, no, no, I mean spending that much     just to play around in some recording studio?      - Have you ever believed in me?  - Mateo.      No, no, no, because I'm not playing around.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]      I'm not throwing money away.      In fact, I'm investing in myself.   ♪      Why do you think I'm always listening to new mixes     and trying out new lyrics?      I haven't had a date in months     because all the money that I'm making     goes straight into my music...  promo fliers,     SoundCloud account.      I'm actually getting some traction too.      I'm making real industry contacts     through the bar mitzvah gig.      They told me that they wanted to hear a demo of mine.      So that's why I needed to book a recording studio.      So it can sound professional     because that is what musicians do.   ♪      [VOICE BREAKING]  You, out of all people...   ♪      Don't tell me I'm playing around.   ♪      Because I'm doing exactly what you did.   ♪      I'm building something of my own,     whether you take it seriously or not.   ♪      Mateo...   ♪      [SIGHS]      I just wanted to say that was awesome.      I know I surprised you,     and I know you're still getting used to it,     but it meant a lot to me,     the way you defended me.      Uh, I meant that as a compliment.      That's how it's gonna be, Natalie.      You being judged by strangers.      Are you sure that's what you really want?      No.      But wanting has nothing to do with it.      I don't get it.      You were so cool about everything.      You're the best mom.   ♪      Why can't you just accept this?      Because I can't protect you for the rest of your life.      And what am I if I can't protect you?   ♪      You're my baby.  You're my everything.   ♪      You think you know this world, Mamita, but you really don't.   ♪      Mateo, Mateo!      'Sup?  I locked up out front.      - Oh, my gosh, more work.  - That's right.      You gotta help me finish this up     so you can get to using it.      I fixed the leak in the storage area,     and I realized, maybe what we need isn't a storage closet.   [TENDER ELECTRONIC MUSIC]   ♪      Have you gone crazy?   ♪      I read about soundproofing on the internet.      I couldn't afford to build you a fancy recording studio,     but I built you the next best thing.      Test it.   ♪      Can you hear me, Mateo?      [NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE]      [LAUGHING]      This is awesome.      Listen, I know a lot of work has been falling     on your shoulders lately, and I'm sorry for that,     and I haven't been very supportive of your music in the past,     but I want to be.      We sacrificed,     coming to this country to achieve our dreams,     but more importantly,     so you kids could achieve yours.      Thank you, Dad.   ♪      [SPEAKS SPANISH]   You've reached Daniel Garcia.   I can't come to the phone right now.   Leave a message, and I'll get back to you.      Hey, Daniel, it's me again.      I know you have that thing with Noa...      your first official public appearance as a couple.      So your phone's probably off right now,     but when you get these,     if you could just give me a call back?   [SOMBER FOLK MUSIC]   [KNOCKING]      Yo.      Vibe check.      How'd it go today with Mom?      It was fine.      It was fine?  I don't like that word.      You seem to like it when you're describing women.      Only Maggie Smith.  What happened?      For a minute, I thought we were past it.      Then she started telling me how terrible my life was gonna be.   ♪      The worst part is I know she believes that.   ♪      [SIGHS]      She'll get there.      They do.  I mean, think about Dad.      How many years did he think that my music was a joke?      All of 'em.      Well, today he built me a recording studio.      - What?  - Yeah.      We had this, like, big blowout,     and I finally felt like he heard me.      So he made the storage closet into a DIY studio.      - He did?  - Pretty cool, right?   ♪      Point I'm trying to make is he got there.      She will too.   ♪      So Dad built you a closet     and Mom shoved me back into mine.   ♪      Hey.   ♪      - Get your shoes off my bed.  - Yeah.   ♪   I'm sorry that the Food Channel people      turned out to be such idiots.      Maybe they're right.      If I wanna be on TV, I need a little more showbiz.      - Daniel Garcia, no.  - What?      - Please don't change on me.  - I'm not.      - You don't have to worry.  - Okay, good.      'Cause I like you just the way you are.      Ugh, straight people.      Gucci, your timing sucks.      No argument from me.      I am counting the days for your honeymoon phase to be over.      Your car's downstairs.  This arrived for you.      It's the new proposal from KKR&A.      Whatever's living in there, we don't have the food to feed it.      Okay, now they're just being aggressive.      Right?      All right, we can send that to the board.      - Good.  - With my no.      Can you please help me try on some earrings?      You know what I'm gonna say.  These, yes, always these.      - [PHONE VIBRATING]  - But they're not as low.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]      [NOA AND LEWIS TALKING INDISTINCTLY]      Lewis.      - Did you go see Vanessa?  - Nuts.      Did you try to bribe her?      I heard people were after her story, so I went to talk to her.      It's my job.      Do you understand how insulting that is     to a woman like Vanessa?      It's already bad enough that I broke her heart.      Now she thinks I'm trying to buy her off.      Welcome to reality, baker boy!      Whether you like it or not, anyone you hurt,     anyone with a grudge against you is now my problem,     as if I needed any more problems right now,     - thank you very little.  - Lewis.      [SIGHS]   ♪      Are you okay with this?      I'm just hearing about this for the first time, okay?      Well, okay.  What do you think?      I think I don't like being put on the spot,     and I think I don't like your look of judgment.      You broke up with her.      I'm just the one they're gonna come after.      What do you think about that?   ♪      I'll see you in the car.   ♪      Wow.   ♪      So, you didn't find a dress?      Mm-mm.      But did you talk?      We talked.      And?      And this is not easy.      But...  we'll get through it.      We always do.      How was your day?      Interesting.      You know, with Daniel off with you-know-who...      Mm-hmm.      Natalie discovering who she is,     and Mateo finally growing up...      [CHUCKLES]      I realized life is always changing.      That's how we know we're alive.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]   ♪      - I called the bank.  - You did?      You're right.      Twenty years, we've been working just to make ends meet.      This is our chance...      but I only have one condition.      What?      We call the café...      Mari's.      - [SPEAKING SPANISH]  - [LAUGHING]   [UPBEAT MUSIC]      Gracias...  I'm so happy you said that     because that was gonna be one of my conditions too.      - Oh, really?  - Mm-hmm.      - Mm-hmm?  - Mm-hmm.      - [CHUCKLES]  - I love you.      - Gracias, Papi.  - All right, I love you, Mari.      I don't wanna fight.      I don't want to either.      [SIGHS]  I can't.      Look, your world is just gonna take     a little getting used to.      Okay.      And I was really thrown by how you defended Vanessa.      And then how you looked at us.      Like Lewis and I were horrible people.      I don't think that.      But you have to understand,     we talk about how I have to adjust.   [SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]      Maybe you do too.      But in my family, we're there for each other.      We argue, we get mad at each other,     but we talk it out just like how we're doing     so nothing festers.   ♪      I like that.      [CHUCKLES]      I'm not used to that, you know?  I always have to be so careful.   ♪      We are a team now.      Whatever we face, we face together.      - All right?  - All right.      [LAUGHS]      Okay, so if that's the case...   [UPBEAT MUSIC]      Have you ever wanted to go to Morocco?      That's such a random thought.      Well, it isn't because Melanie Caan     offered me the lead role in her new film.      What?  That's amazing.      I know.      It shoots in Morocco for three months,     and I really want you to come with me.   [UPBEAT POP MUSIC]      Wow, three months in Morocco.  I have a job.      My family's here.  I can't just leave.      I mean, why not?  It's just three months.      Think about the food,     all the videos you could make there.      Really, there's no reason why we both can't go.      ♪  Hold on tight  ♪     I'm only asking you 'cause I think what we have is special.      ♪  I never understood  ♪     [REPORTERS SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]   ♪      Just think about it.   ♪      ♪  Oh  ♪     ♪  Do you like what you see?  ♪     ♪  You're trying me on again  ♪     ♪  You're trying me on  ♪     ♪  I'm a lonely child again  ♪     ♪  Coming down the slide  ♪     Come on, it'd be both our dreams come true.      ♪  Da-da-da-da  ♪     ♪  Da-da-da  ♪     ♪  Da, da-da  ♪     ♪  Da, da-da-da-da  ♪      ♪ Look at me, go ahead and fool me ♪      Need some help?   ♪      No, thank you.      Look, Vanessa, I really think     you should reconsider telling your story.      I would understand the high road     if Noa met Daniel after the proposal,     but she met him before.   ♪ Look at me, go ahead and fool me ♪      ♪  My friend  ♪     What?      ♪  Go ahead and fool me      Noa Hamilton spoke with Daniel.      She flirted with him right before you proposed.   ♪ That I want to know what I want ♪      No, that's impossible.      She even told him to order the soup.      ♪  Hold on tight  ♪      ♪      ♪  Hold on tight  ♪      ♪      ♪  Hold on tight  ♪     ♪  If I could  ♪      ♪ I'll never understand, I never understood ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 