Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Side Effects - The Baker and the Beauty 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Side Effects https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=933&t=36506 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/19/20 06:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Side Effects 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "The Baker and the Beauty"... 
   First time here? 
   Try the soup. 
  Everything else here sucks. 
   Oh! 
   And as of this moment, I am officially single. 
   Fame is hard on a relationship. 
   We're shooting the entire thing on location in Morocco. 
   You'd be perfect for the lead. 
   Sooner or later, someone's gonna want to tell your side  whether you like it or not. 
   I'm gay. 
  Why can't you just accept this? 
   Because I can't protect you for the rest of your life. 
   I compared today's ultrasound  with the one from six months ago. 
   The time of "wait and see" is over. 
   - I called the bank. 
  - You did? 
   20 years we've been working just to make ends meet. 
   I only have one condition. 
   We call the café Mari's. 
   Speaking Spanish... 
   Uh-huh, yeah. 
   Well, I don't know how much  I'm supposed to be sharing with you. 
   I'm sort of in a nondisclosure agreement with my parents. 
   But what I will tell you is that it's a sort of expansion,  like, a café, tables, maybe a little bit of entertainment. 
   Oh, excuse me, and it's pronounced Mateo, not Matty-o. 
   Yello. 
   Yello? 
   Mateo, I told you  you have to start acting like a professional. 
   You think Pharrell answers the phone like that? 
   I don't think Pharrell answers his own phone. 
   I think he has people doing it for him because he's big-time! 
   Okay, just stop. 
   Listen, have you heard of Marlowe St. 
  John? 
   Yeah, he's, like, the hottest music producer in Miami. 
  Why? 
   'Cause I got you a meeting with him. 
   Whoo! 
   That's your son? 
   Yeah, well, he takes after my wife. 
   A natural ham. 
   His brother's a little bit more responsible... 
  usually. 
   Okay. 
   - Hello? 
  - Daniel. 
   The contractor's here. 
  Where are you? 
   Remember? 
   I told you Noa's announcing her big movie role today. 
   The woman has done a million interviews. 
   All of a sudden, she needs you there? 
   Daniel, where are your priorities? 
   Pop, I gotta go. 
   Get started. 
  I'll be there soon. 
   Does your family know you're coming to Morocco with us? 
   Not yet, but I will tell them today  after I pick up some body armor. 
   Ooh. 
   Molly Fisher back with "Miami Live"  at half past 9:00 in the morning. 
   And we're here talking with the one and only Noa Hamilton,  broadcasting live from her headquarters  here in the heart of downtown Miami. 
   It's a work space known as the Lab,  where they test all their latest products. 
   Noa, I have to tell you that  your new cosmetic line is amazing. 
   Thank you so much. 
  We're really proud of it. 
   I want to talk about the rumors  that your latest move will be into acting. 
   Well, I can confirm that the rumors are true. 
   I will be making my acting debut  in Melanie Caan's next feature. 
   That is amazing. 
   The one shooting in Morocco, right? 
   Yes. 
  Very excited about it. 
  A little nervous. 
   Now, we all know that you have a new man in your life. 
   - Yes. 
  - But I would be remiss  if I didn't ask you about the interview  that his ex-girlfriend released this morning. 
   I'm sorry, you have me at a disadvantage. 
   I'm not aware of any interview. 
   We have a clip. 
   Everyone knows me from that video. 
   I'm the crazy ex-girlfriend, except I'm not. 
   I mean, yeah, I proposed to him by singing,  and yes, when he said no,  I was so hurt, I dumped soup on him. 
   But I figured we'd work it out, you know? 
   I never thought Noa Hamilton would be there. 
   Lewis, this is the third time you've delayed treatment. 
   I know. 
   Well, we need to get ahead of this. 
   Okay, look, I... 
  I promise you  I'm not going to cancel again, all right? 
   I'm gonna have the office call to set an appointment. 
   Thank you, Dr. 
  Talbot. 
   Okay, bye. 
   - Everything okay? 
  - What? 
   - Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
  - Okay. 
   Vanessa talked. 
   Oh, God. 
   As much as that must hurt, it must be worse knowing  that Noa met Daniel before you proposed. 
   According to our sources, they spoke in the restroom  just before you started your song. 
   That Noa is actually the one  who told Daniel to order the infamous soup. 
   Would you like to respond? 
   You need to get Molly back on course right now  or you will never have another A-list celebrity  on this show again. 
   Go. 
   Well... 
   Cut! 
  Go to commercial. 
   Oh, God. 
  Son of a... 
   ♪ Turn back time now ♪  - That interview was bad. 
  - Kind of working here. 
   - Like, really bad. 
  - You know what, Natalie? 
   TV rots the brain. 
   Wait, are you defending Vanessa right now? 
   Mateo. 
  I don't know. 
   You heard her, a'ight? 
   She was just telling it like it is. 
   Mateo, don't even try to take her side in this. 
   Side. 
   Side is such a divisive word, you know? 
   Especially when people should be coming together. 
   What am I supposed to do? 
   She's my manager. 
  And a good one. 
   She got me a meeting with a music producer. 
   It's tomorrow. 
   I get it. 
   She's been helpful, and that's great,  but sooner or later, you're gonna have to make a decision. 
   You're either loyal to your family  or you're loyal to yourself. 
   Over here, we could put bistro tables. 
   Mm-hmm. 
   And espresso counter right here. 
   Maybe a little stage over there  where you can sing one night a week. 
   Papi, I would love that! 
   Just think about how hard we've worked for this... 
   Yeah. 
   And the future this could bring. 
   I know people will love it just like our bakery. 
   - Wise woman. 
  - I know. 
   Thank you. 
   Want to look at some plans here? 
   - Yes. 
  - All right. 
   Okay, I get a deposit today, I could break through this wall  right into your bakery I'm saying Monday. 
   Three days for demolition, all right? 
   That's Monday, Tuesday... 
  Leaves me Thursday for cleanup. 
   Friday I'm gonna drop seal with a tarp right there,  which means you could reopen your bakery  while my guys are working right here in the café. 
   Mr. 
  Hayes, no disrespect,  but contractors and deadlines  don't always seem to get along. 
   Are you sure that we only have  to close the bakery for one week? 
   Mr. 
  Garcia,  I'm a small-business owner just like you. 
   I understand the value of a day open versus a day closed. 
   - Okay? 
  - Good. 
   Now, if I could get a couple signatures from you. 
   That's for you. 
   Right here, this is the city permit. 
   And this is the state permit right there, please. 
   - Very good. 
  - Mmhmm. 
   And right here is the health department  for reopening and remodeling your bakery. 
   Look at you, signing more autographs than Noa Hamilton. 
   Excitement today on "Miami Live."  A fire alarm just after Noa was confronted  with the footage of her boyfriend's ex. 
   Congratulations, baker boy. 
   By pulling that fire alarm,  you took a bad but containable story  and turned it into national news. 
   If you didn't try to bribe Vanessa,  - she probably wouldn't have talked. 
  - Oh, really? 
   You're gonna double down on that now? 
   Don't get mad at me because  you took a phone call when this all went down. 
   Listen, I'm sorry, I couldn't just stand there  and watch you get ambushed like that. 
   I know you were just trying to help,  but in the future, I can defend myself. 
   Is it too much to hope, Daniel,  that you can keep a low profile until all this blows over? 
   We're going through renovations  at the bakery all week. 
  I... 
   I know. 
  You should go. 
   Try to stay out of trouble, Gucci. 
   Oh, that is rich. 
   Oh, God. 
   Well, don't be mad at him. 
   I'm not mad at him. 
   I'm just trying to scare some sense into him. 
   I'm mad at you. 
   Noa, when it comes to romantic relationships,  you don't have the luxury to make the kind of mistakes  that normal people do. 
   - I'm aware. 
  - Oh, really? 
   Well, how come every time I turn my back,  you're like a toddler running into traffic? 
   Please don't speak to me like that. 
   How could you not have warned me? 
   - About what? 
  - About being  in the men's room that night. 
   I always use the men's room, Lewis. 
   There's no line. 
   Nothing happened. 
   It doesn't matter what happened. 
   It matters how it looks. 
  You know that. 
   You have gotta keep your eye on the ball at all times,  especially when I'm not around. 
   Now, any other landmines you want to tell me about? 
   Did you two get married in Vegas while I wasn't looking? 
   No. 
  That's everything. 
   So how bad do you think it's gonna get? 
   Worse than Miley  but hopefully better than Angelina and Jen. 
   I'll start doing some damage control. 
   It's gonna be okay, all right? 
   Hey. 
   Who knew Molly Fisher was such a bitch? 
   Would you like to respond? 
   Well... 
   It's time to move, but we need to move fast. 
   Sir? 
   That publicity is gonna be bad. 
   She's going to lose orders over it,  and that is gonna scare the board. 
   Add to that the fact she's going away for 12 weeks  to be an actress, of all things. 
   That doesn't sound like a woman  who is fit to run a company, now, does it? 
   Well, I'm asking you to cancel the cancellation. 
   Well, could you at least delay the decision for a week? 
   Thank you, because a week from now,  this'll all be a non-story. 
   Neiman's is giving us a week before pulling the spring line. 
   - What? 
  - It's too hot. 
   Their concerned that your relationship with Daniel  is bad for optics and it's gonna hurt the brand. 
   Well, that's ridiculous. 
   Daniel hasn't done anything wrong. 
   That's four national retailers in a week. 
   I just got a call from Mark Logan. 
   Ugh, the board is worried. 
   Well, in all fairness, it is their job to worry. 
   Mark Logan's not a worrier. 
   It's been 24 hours and the story's not going away. 
   You think something's up? 
   Well, our bottom line's getting hit  and there's another offer to buy us on the table from KKR&A. 
   It's not a coincidence. 
   Okay, set up meetings  with all the board members one-on-one. 
   Let's see who cracks. 
   You excited? 
   I'm nervous but... 
   a little excited, yeah. 
   It's been a while since I've felt like this. 
   The possibility of a future I thought was beyond my grasp. 
   Speaking of, you know, Noa doing this movie... 
   You know, when we first moved to Miami  and I got the job at the bakery,  this place... 
  this placed used to be a pet store. 
   You remember? 
   Yeah. 
   Me and Mateo would come visit you during your lunch break  and feed bread to the little animals. 
   Wow. 
  Time flies. 
   Yep. 
   You and Mateo were completely disinterested teenagers  when your mother and I finally bought the bakery. 
   Natalie wasn't even born. 
   This time... 
   We all get to create a place together. 
   And one day,  you're gonna be standing right here with your son  and you're gonna say,  "I remember the day that we broke down that wall."  Hmm? 
   What was it that you were saying about Noa's movie? 
   Nothing. 
   Are you doing okay? 
   With all this nonsense since Vanessa's interview? 
   Yeah, it's just the things that they write. 
   The lies. 
   Noa says I shouldn't read any of it, but... 
   it's almost impossible not to, you know? 
   I'm sorry, mi'jo, but if you plan to stick together,  you're gonna have to get used to it. 
   Our world is this, Little Havana. 
   Her world is... 
  mira. 
   Personally... 
  I prefer our world. 
   Mm-mm. 
  We need to talk. 
   We need to talk. 
   We need to... 
   I'm sorry. 
   Mateo? 
  You're an hour early. 
   We don't have to meet until lunch. 
   - Can I come in? 
  - Yeah. 
   Vanessa, I never thought  that you would do anything to hurt my family. 
   It's unacceptable and I will not tolerate it. 
   You're fired. 
   Fine. 
   What do you mean, fine? 
   - I mean, I think that's fair. 
  - No. 
   No, it's not fair. 
   After everything you've done for me? 
   It's probably better we don't work together right now. 
   Vanessa, Vanessa, wait. 
   I mean, you shouldn't have to suffer  because of what Daniel did. 
   Go, Mateo. 
   Just promise me you'll still take the meeting  and that you'll go as yourself,  not MC Cubano. 
   Vanessa... 
   It's, like, trending right now. 
   #BathroomBootyCall. 
   Can't believe Vanessa would sell out my brother  for her 15 minutes. 
   Wait, so you told Mateo he had to fire her as payback? 
   Yes. 
   Oh, I see your point. 
   What I should've said is that she had to manage him for life. 
   Garciadiggers. 
   You must be so proud of your portmanteau. 
   Trying to say that's not your name? 
   Just ignore them. 
   That's right, you better walk away. 
   Brother throws over a beautiful Latina queen  for some rich white trash. 
   I don't know what's worse,  that you still believe everything you read  in those trashy magazines your mom picks up from 7-Eleven  or that you're trying to play some Latinx race card  when I live in Little Havana  and you're a third-generation Floridian  whose street accent drops more than her GPA. 
   What's wrong? 
   All out of a few finger snaps,  Miss Anna from Coral Gables? 
   Boom. 
   Bye. 
   Uh, you are awesome. 
   I kind of am. 
   Hey, Garcia. 
   Thank you for sitting down with me, Mark. 
   As you know, the last few days have been challenging. 
   Obviously, Marcia, my image affects the company. 
   I wanted to give you the opportunity  to ask me any questions  or raise any concerns that you might have. 
   I appreciate that, Noa, but... 
   I don't think it's necessary. 
   I think this whole story is just gonna blow over. 
   Whatever losses we incur... 
   Will just be bumps in the road. 
   Long-term, I don't foresee any problems. 
   Well, thank you, Mark, for your time and your candor. 
   You're very welcome, Noa. 
   It's always a pleasure to see you. 
   I'll see you next time. 
  Bye. 
   How does a man with no discernible taste  wind up on the board of a fashion company? 
   If you don't have the mankles,  you can't rock the crop. 
   Lewis, lay off. 
   Mark's been on the board since day one. 
   He's practically family. 
   Well, someone should introduce him to a mirror. 
   Well, what did he say? 
   Nothing out of the ordinary, just like all the others. 
   Well, we know for a fact the board have been talking. 
   And if they're not talking to you,  they're talking about you. 
   It was short and to the point. 
   Yeah, she was definitely fishing. 
   But I don't think she knows anything. 
   Thanks, Mark. 
   If anything changes before next week, call me. 
   Day or night. 
   Great, great. 
  So we'll be in LA. 
   Oh, listen,  my lunch meeting's here, so I gotta jump. 
   Jenna, we're going to LA tomorrow. 
   Call the office, let everyone know. 
   You must be Mateo. 
   Yes, uh, thank you so much for meeting with me. 
   A pleasure to meet you, and, uh, I'm such a fan. 
   Oh. 
   I love all your music. 
   I think you're so talented, and when I mean love,  I mean, like, love, like, that awkward love, like... 
   Thank you. 
   So where's this manager? 
  I'm dying to meet her. 
   Oh, uh,  I guess she's late. 
   Excuse me, excuse me, perdón. 
  Hola. 
   You want to take pictures? 
   I will bring out our menus and some samples. 
   Anyone who puts it in the paper gets free lunch for a month. 
   Where are the workers? 
   I guess they're taking a long lunch. 
   Oh. 
   Well, I guess that means  we have the whole place to ourselves. 
   So I listen to everything,  and I think that there is a window of time  for the type of music that fuses genres,  and that's the one guiding principle  behind every song that I write... 
   Mateo, Mateo. 
   You seem like a good guy. 
   And you do have some talent. 
   Thank... 
  thank you. 
   But you're nothing special. 
   I don't mean that to be harsh. 
   In this business, honesty is hard to come by. 
   That's why I always tell it like it is. 
   Your work is derivative, your voice is nothing special,  and you don't look like a star. 
   My advice is, do it as a hobby. 
   You know, play weddings, have fun, make a little money. 
   But you own a small family business. 
   Why sacrifice that for a dream that won't be reality? 
   So why'd you meet with me if that's how you feel? 
   I wanted to meet your manager. 
   She has so much hustle, so much passion. 
   I wanted to see if she would work with me. 
   Right. 
   Thank you for your time. 
   - Salud. 
  - Salud. 
   Mmm. 
   Mmm. 
  Mm-mm. 
   Penny for your thoughts. 
   I'm still worried about Daniel. 
   He acts strong, but... 
   I can tell the attention is getting to him. 
   Well, he's sensitive. 
  Like his father. 
   - Me? 
  - Yes, you. 
   Aww. 
   You are sensitive. 
  Mm? 
   A big softie. 
   - Mm? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
   And that... 
   is why... 
   I love you. 
   Would you still love me if this café doesn't work? 
   That is the stupidest question you've ever asked me  in the history of stupid questions. 
   What, what? 
  Come here. 
  Get over here. 
   Ven acá, ven acá. 
   Mm. 
   I swear to you,  life was a lot more fun before cell phones were invented. 
   Hello? 
  This is she. 
   What? 
   Okay, I'm on my way. 
   Natalie got into a fight at school. 
   I want to be clear. 
   Deering has a zero-tolerance policy towards violence. 
   We will be looking at the circumstances of this... 
   The circumstances are, they jumped me and Amy. 
   Natalie. 
   I'm not gonna apologize for kicking their asses. 
   Natalie Garcia. 
   Speaking Spanish... 
   I'm sorry. 
   As I was saying, we will be looking at everything,  including the hate speech painted on her locker. 
   Hate speech? 
   About her sexuality? 
   "Garciadiggers."  I believe it's a reference  to your eldest son's relationship with Noa Hamilton. 
   We will be collecting all the evidence  in regard to the girls' actions and we will see  if there are any mitigating circumstances  that might warrant a punishment less than expulsion. 
   Oh. 
   Thank you. 
   Next. 
  Daniel, wait. 
   Come on, I believe in fair and balanced reporting. 
   Sure, you do. 
   I want to give you  an opportunity to make a statement. 
   The only thing I have to say to you is not suitable,  even for a reputable website like yours. 
   I get it, you're angry. 
   If you really cared, you'll take down that interview. 
   Why would I do that? 
   That interview's gotten more clicks  than anything I've ever published. 
   Because it's the right thing to do. 
   I heard your bakery's expanding. 
   Congrats. 
   How 'bout a story about how your family is cashing in  on their connections to Noa Hamilton? 
   - Leave my family out of this. 
  - Let's talk about you, then. 
   Boring baker to Noa-brand Instagram sensation. 
   Okay, it's time for you to go. 
   Oh, Daniel. 
  I'm sorry. 
   Look, would you rather we talk more about  how you're probably just gonna run right back to Vanessa? 
   Is that right? 
  I don't know, like, what's the deal? 
   You can tell me. 
   This is you being fair and balanced? 
   Come on, get out of here. 
   Don't say I didn't offer. 
   The number you have dialed for Y&E Construction  is no longer in service. 
   Mom, the entire way home, you wouldn't listen. 
   Come on, you won't let me explain anything. 
   What possible explanation can you have  for that kind of behavior? 
   Uh-uh! 
  Go, now! 
   The number you have dialed for Y&E Construction  is no longer in service. 
   Papi, it's bad. 
   Yes, it is. 
   Apparently, it's a new scam  where they spoof the 800 number. 
   From then on, they have you call them directly. 
   They said they've hit about ten businesses in Miami  in the last month. 
   Has the check cleared? 
   Yesterday. 
   What are we gonna do about this? 
   And Natalie? 
   Papi, if she gets expelled, I... 
   Okay, good, I was hoping to catch you guys. 
   Is now a bad time? 
   Actually, it is, Papi. 
  Can it wait? 
   No, it can't. 
   I was trying to find the right time,  but there's never a right time. 
   So... 
   Noa's going to Morocco to shoot that movie this summer,  and... 
   I'm going with her. 
   It's three months and it's a great opportunity. 
   And honestly, with everything  that's been going on around here,  I feel like I need a break, maybe just get away, and... 
   Mi'jo, mi'jo, mi'jo, slow down, slow down. 
   Three months? 
   Daniel, you can't go away for three months. 
   We need you here. 
   Well, I was thinking I could find  my temporary replacement and train them. 
   Look, it's a once-in-a-lifetime chance. 
   And she'll be working  and I can make more videos, build my library... 
   Daniel, what about us? 
   What about our new café, our expansion? 
   Are you just gonna leave us? 
   If you want to turn your back on us, I can't stop you. 
   If you want to pretend to be someone else,  that's your choice. 
   But don't delude yourself into thinking  this is about following your dreams. 
   You're following hers. 
   You see? 
  I knew you wouldn't understand. 
   It is my dream. 
   Being on TV? 
  This is your dream? 
   A little movie you shoot on your phone  in some kiosco in Piñones or Betsi's food truck. 
   And what, all of a sudden, you think you're Anthony Bourdain? 
   If you're so passionate, fine. 
   There's a thousand videos you can shoot right here  starting with your own family. 
   But you didn't think of those, did you? 
   Mateo, he has a dream. 
   You... 
   You have a fantasy. 
   And me? 
   I have work to do. 
   Look at us. 
   Everything that your father feared would happen  is happening right now. 
   And it's all her fault. 
   - Ma, that's not fair. 
  - Yes, it is fair. 
   All that paparazzi outside,  your sister getting into a fight at school. 
   You got into a fight? 
   You should see the other girl. 
   Cayate. 
   And you, running away... 
  Speaking Spanish... 
   Running away with delusions of grandeur  and forgetting about your family. 
   That is all her fault. 
   Her fault? 
   Mom, I didn't hear you complaining  when she brought in customers by the hundreds. 
   Daniel, calm down. 
   You two think you'd be able to afford your expansion  had I not met her? 
   We'd still be barely getting by. 
   Oh, no. 
  Thomas Gold came here. 
   He goes and reviews places that celebrities have been. 
   And the last time I checked,  you weren't shy about the fact  that she played your music at her party. 
   Okay, but when is the last time  our entire family has had a fight like this, Daniel? 
   You guys want to blame someone, blame Vanessa. 
   Because everything was fine until she gave that interview. 
   Can you turn, please? 
   I like it, it's just not exactly as we planned. 
   I think the shoulders need to be bigger, right? 
   Yes, bigger shoulders. 
   And yes, and raise the dust ruffle. 
   Always got your finger on the pulse, Lewis. 
   Pulse? 
 
 
 
  I'm trying to keep that look from flatlining  like our profit margins. 
   We have got to take this line up a notch  if we're going to protect the company  from a hostile takeover. 
   We don't know there's going to be a takeover. 
   Maybe the board is telling the truth. 
   Oh, there's gonna be a hostile takeover. 
   We just have to figure out  which board members are looking into our financials. 
   - Yeah. 
  - Um, well, you know what? 
   Will you call accounting and see  if you can pull the information requests? 
   I gotta take this. 
   You need a better poker face. 
   Excuse me? 
   Look, I know you've been getting a call from a doctor,  and that's fine. 
  I just... 
   I don't understand why you're hiding it. 
   - Piper, it's fine, really. 
  - Okay. 
   So no one knows? 
   Is it bad? 
   I have prostate cancer. 
   - Oh, my God. 
  - I know. 
   Just what you want on your Grindr profile, right? 
   - Lewis, I'm so sorry. 
  - Don't, please. 
   I will be fine,  aside from the fact that most treatment options  come with the possibility of impotence. 
   Good news is, you're healthy. 
   Bad news is, you'll never have s*x again. 
   Can you imagine me depriving the world of this gift? 
   Luckily, we found it early, so... 
   I'm gonna do radiation and fingers crossed. 
   Okay. 
   So you're gonna tell Noa? 
   No. 
  I mean yes. 
   I will, just... 
  she has a lot on her plate right now. 
   Lewis, that's ridiculous. 
  She would want to know... 
   Piper, promise me that you will not tell her. 
   How am I... 
  I can't... 
   I will tell her when I'm ready, okay? 
   - Okay. 
  - Okay. 
   May I? 
   - What if they kick me out? 
  - They won't. 
   My entire future could change based on one... 
   Listen, listen. 
  I know it's scary. 
   It's terrifying, but, you know, they won't expel you. 
   You don't know that. 
   You were defending yourself, okay? 
   You didn't start it. 
   That's true, that's true. 
   But you did finish it. 
   I mean, that poser went down. 
   Yeah, that's my kid sister. 
   - How'd you do it? 
  - You should've seen it. 
   I was like, "Can you come here a second?"  Pow-pow! 
  Pow-pow! 
   Oh, oh! 
   - Good work. 
  Let me see that. 
  - It was great. 
   Oh, you look so beautiful. 
   You should see her. 
   Oh, hey, how did that, um, meeting with that guy go? 
   Um... 
   Were those the workers? 
   It sounded like Mom. 
   - That was Dad, yep. 
  - That was definitely Dad. 
   - What is going on? 
  - I have no idea. 
   Hey, are you guys okay? 
   - Otra más, otra más. 
  - Vamo, vamo! 
   Where are the workers? 
   The contractor stole our money. 
   - What? 
  - Just the deposit. 
   Mami, Papi, I'm so sorry. 
   No, no, no, it's okay. 
  You know why? 
   Because we are the Garcias. 
   Somos los Garcias and we're gonna do it ourselves. 
   - Exactly. 
  - The parts that we can. 
   - Vamos, Papi. 
  - Vamos, yeah. 
   Your turn first. 
  Go ahead. 
   Hey, you got another one of those? 
   We have one for everyone, Mamita. 
   - You ready? 
  - Yeah. 
   Take it. 
  It's heavy. 
   Careful. 
   Oh, you won't be able to hold this. 
   Be careful! 
   Come on, Mama. 
   - Garciadiggers, huh? 
  - That's right. 
   - Take that! 
  - There you go, baby! 
   Look at that! 
  Yes! 
   - Speaking Spanish... 
  - Me too, me too, me too. 
   You get it, Mom! 
   Yeah, hit it hard, hit it hard. 
   - Whoo! 
  - Vamos, vamos. 
   Mateo, let's do it! 
   All right, all right, Mateo, let's go! 
   All right, here we... 
  Oh, come on. 
   You need to start working out. 
  Hold on, hold on, okay? 
   You need to start working out. 
   You have to pick it up! 
   Come on, Papi. 
  You need some muscles. 
   Oh, my God. 
   Whoo! 
   What is that? 
   Oh, what's that smell? 
   Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. 
   Mateo, give me a hand here. 
  Come on. 
   Watch it, watch it, watch it. 
   Everybody get out, get out, get out, get out! 
   The thing is, Juliet, you're one of only two board members  who asked to see the financials. 
   Yes, Tom, and Piper's on the phone  with the other one right now. 
   I just want to know what's going on. 
   Oh, you know that I know that you know what's going on. 
   Okay, well, then who asked you to do it? 
   - Mark Logan? 
  - Mark Logan? 
   Did he say why? 
   - An emergency board meeting? 
  - When? 
   Oh, God. 
   Juliet, I gotta call you back. 
   Are you okay? 
  What's happening? 
  Do you need a doctor? 
   What? 
  No, no, it's not that. 
   In order to call an emergency board meeting,  you need two members to make a motion. 
   We already know that one of them is Mark Logan. 
   Now, ask yourself, who is the one person  who would do something that underhanded  at a time like this? 
   We called all the other board members. 
   No, we haven't. 
   - Oh. 
  - Yes. 
   Oh, you gotta be kidding me. 
   Can I come in? 
   Paparazzi have the bakery staked out. 
   Natalie, she's getting picked on at school. 
   There's some sort of trouble at Noa's company. 
   And me... 
  I'm fighting with my family. 
   Is that what you wanted? 
   What I wanted was to stop losing potential clients. 
   What I wanted was to be seen for who I am  and not some internet meme. 
   You think I wanted to hurt you? 
   I don't know what's worse,  that you could be that narcissistic  or that you think I'd actually do something like that. 
   That might've not been your intention,  but that's what's happening. 
   And it all started with that interview. 
   Okay, what do you want me to do? 
   Help me stop it. 
   Go to the press, tell them the truth. 
   I did tell them the truth! 
   Everything I said is exactly what happened. 
   Now, you may not like how the truth makes you look,  but mirrors can be cruel sometimes. 
   - I shouldn't have come. 
  - At last, we agree. 
   ♪ Dreams, dreams, dreams  ♪ I've been havin' dreams  Hey, Daniel! 
   ♪ Jumpin' on a trampoline  ♪ Flipping in the air  Well, this doesn't look good. 
   ♪ I never land, just float there ♪  - ♪ As I'm looking up - ♪ As I'm looking up  - Does Noa know you're here? 
  - Dude, are you following me? 
   They're putting together an emergency board meeting,  and at that board meeting,  they're gonna vote  to remove you as president of your company. 
   - ♪ Wait, if I'm on fire - ♪ Wait, if I'm on fire  Remove me? 
   Who would do that? 
   My father. 
   - ♪ I never feel so loved - ♪ I never feel so loved  Which one's better in bed? 
   - ♪ How am I so deep in love? 
  - ♪ How am I so deep in love? 
   ♪ When I dream of dyin'  ♪ So loved, so loved  ♪ I never feel so loved  - Hey. 
  I missed you. 
  - I missed you too. 
   Mm. 
   - In other words... 
  - I wanted to-  Oh. 
   Can I go first? 
   Yeah. 
   I just wanted to tell you something  before you found out from somebody else. 
   You punched Kurt Malick. 
   I did. 
   I'm sorry. 
   It's just a lot. 
   And I can't believe how well you handle the pressure  day after day, especially when they make it so personal. 
   - It feels like you can't... 
  - Breathe? 
   Yeah. 
   Daniel, I've had my whole life to deal with this chaos. 
   You've had, what, a month? 
   The truth is, it's not really fair to you  or your family. 
   What's going on? 
   Let's take a walk. 
   Mrs. 
  Howe, of course, of course. 
   Okay, bye-bye. 
   - Suspension. 
  - Oh, my God. 
   But it could've easily been expulsion. 
   I know, I know. 
   And it will never happen again, I swear. 
   That's right, it won't. 
   And Amy... 
  did you know she has a history of disciplinary issues? 
   She doesn't have a history of disciplinary issues, okay? 
   She got caught TP'ing the school mascot  with, like, five other girls. 
   Oh, so then you admit that she's been in trouble before. 
   - Okay? 
  - "Okay"  Then you'll understand why  I am forbidding you from seeing her anymore. 
   Uh-uh! 
   Miley Cyrus' "Slide Away" plays... 
   Well, the gas leak is repaired,  but that's not your problem. 
   The problem is, it looks like  you have asbestos all throughout these walls. 
   Asbestos? 
   It has to be removed  and the building's gonna have to be certified. 
   How... 
  how long will it take? 
   I'd say your bakery can reopen in about 10 to 12 weeks. 
   He wanted to hire me? 
   Yeah, why are you acting so surprised? 
   He knows how to seek talent, right? 
   Consider it. 
  He's the real deal. 
   And so are you. 
   Anyway, just wanted to let you know. 
   To hell with him. 
   He's wrong about you. 
   Why would I want to work with him? 
   I appreciate it... 
   but it's over. 
   MC Cubano is over. 
   ♪ Don't want the whiskey and pills ♪  ♪ I don't give up easily  ♪ But I don't think I'm down ♪  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   My father's trying to take my company from me. 
   What? 
   There's a reason why I don't talk about him a lot. 
   It's a very painful relationship. 
   He only married my mother because she was pregnant,  and then when she got sick, he completely abandoned her. 
   ♪ Back to the ocean  I was emancipated from him when I was 16  but not before I started my company. 
   - With his money. 
  - Exactly. 
   And ever since then, he's been able to sit on my board  and have a piece of every single one of my successes. 
   Okay, but it's still your company. 
   - Why do this? 
  - Exactly, why? 
   Why would a father do that to his daughter? 
   I don't know. 
   All I know is that he senses I'm vulnerable  and he's coming for me. 
   So what are you gonna do? 
   I'm gonna do what I always do. 
   I'm gonna fight. 
   I'm gonna fly to New York, Los Angeles, and London  and meet with every single board member  and convince them not to believe my father's lies. 
   You're not only gonna fight, you're gonna win. 
   I'm here for you every step of the way. 
   I'll go home and pack my bags. 
   You're so kind, Daniel. 
  That's very sweet of you. 
   ♪ Back to the city lights  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   ♪ Back to the ocean, la-la-la, you'll slide away ♪  ♪ Move on, we're not 17  ♪ I'm not who I used to be  ♪ You say that everything changed ♪  ♪ You're right, we're grown now ♪  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   ♪ Back to the ocean  ♪ I'll go back to the city lights ♪  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   ♪ Back to the ocean  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   ♪ Back to the ocean  ♪ I'll go back to the city lights ♪  ♪ So won't you slide away? 
   ♪ Back to the ocean la-la-la, you'll slide away ♪  What are you saying? 
   I can't be distracted when I go on this trip. 
   This is something I need to do on my own. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 