Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - 8 Seconds - Longmire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - 8 Seconds https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=419&t=20342 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/18/12 04:16 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - 8 Seconds 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Cheering] 
 [Music] 
 [Alarm blaring] 
 [Thudding] 
 [Cheering, music continue] 
 [Blaring continues] 
 [Sean chuckles] 
 Grab my ass. 
 Do you need me to... 
 Aah! 
 I'm sorry. You all right? 
 Yeah. 
 Okay. 
 [Cellphone rings] 
 I have to get it. 
 No. 
 I have to. 
 No. 
 [Panting] 
 What?! 
 Ruby : Did I wake you? 
 I am having s*x with my husband, Ruby. 
 What is it? 
 Walt just called. 
 There's a situation at the Red Pony. 
 Okay. 
 Let him figure it out. 
 It's your day off. 
 I'm all he's got. 
 I flew home especially to see you. 
 And you will. 
 Two hours... tops. 
 You know, I think I'm finally getting used to you as a blonde. 
 Huh. 
 Well, you know what they say... 
 [Door closes] 
 [Music] 
 Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. Excuse me. 
 Henry, what the hell? 
 And good evening to you, too, madam. 
 I got a phone call that there was a situation. 
 Hey, Vic. 
 Everything here is under control. 
 Uh, but now you're here, I could use a ride home. 
 Just some particularly breathtaking s*x. 
 I didn't know your husband was back in town. 
 [Scoffs] 
 Anyway, I thought you two were fighting. 
 We are, which is why the s*x was so magnificent. 
 Well... then, uh, I'll have to apologize to your husband. 
 Ruby : Vic, come in. Vic, you there? 
 Yeah, Ruby. 
 ADT security reported a break-in on Horse Creek Road. 
 The residents are not answering their phone. 
 Send Branch. I got who's-its. 
 Branch is at a speed trap down county. 
 That's too far away. 
 Fine. 
 Walt : You really ought to take the lead on this. 
 Vic : You seem fine. 
 Even so, you take the lead. 
 [Alarm blaring] 
 [Dog barking in distance] 
 [Blaring continues] 
 Vic : Walt! 
 He's alive... barely. 
 An ambulance will take too long. 
 We better drive him to the hospital. 
 What... I got a call from ADT. What is going on?! 
 Oh, my God. Is that my husband? 
 Is that Chris?! Chris! 
 What happened?! Tell me what happened! 
 He's alive, but we've got to get him to the hospital. 
 Is he okay to drive? 
 I'm driving. Are  you  okay to drive? 
 Yeah. Then follow us. 
 Mr. Sublette is in a coma. 
 By all accounts, he should be dead. 
 It's a good thing you got him to the hospital as quickly as you did. 
 Thanks, Doc. 
 I was in Ranchester last night. 
 What were you doing in Ranchester? 
 I own a small art gallery there. 
 A... a new show opened tonight, and I was planning on staying overnight rather than risk driving back on three glasses of wine, but I had no choice when ADT called. 
 Has your husband had any recent problems with anyone, anyone who might be upset with him? 
 Chris is a beer distributor. 
 He... he's been sponsoring rodeo riders for the past few years. 
 I mean... 
 He recently dropped his top rider, Levi Giggs. 
 Does this Levi guy got a temper? 
 [Voice breaking] You know, rodeo men, the second they think you insulted their manhood, they'll go right for your throat. 
 I'm afraid whoever did this didn't stop there. 
 There looks to be something missing from above your fireplace. 
 Our painting? 
 It's a reproduction of "Custer's Last Fight." 
 Is that what this is all about? 
 Someone beat my husband into a coma in order to steal a cheap reproduction? 
 The original was lost in a fire decades ago, but copies used to hang in just about every bar in the west. 
 Always liked his jacket. 
 What kind of art thief goes for a copy of the real thing? 
 Especially when there were more valuable works in the Sublettes' living room, including a signed Remington worth at least 20 grand. 
 Besides, most surprised thieves just haul ass. 
 Yeah. [Sighs] 
 The beating was more emotional than burglary. 
 Sublette had a reputation as a tough businessman. 
 Then he must have some enemies. 
 Every man does. 
 We need to talk to that rodeo rider, Levi Giggs. 
 He had motive, and a rodeo buckle was found at the crime scene, so... 
 I know most of those guys. 
 He must be from out of town. 
 Good. You can introduce us around. 
 Ferg, I want you to check on Julia Sublette's alibi. 
 You can start first thing tomorrow. 
 Sorry about messing up your evening. 
 It's fine. 
 The night ended up being pretty exciting. 
 [Chuckles] Go get some rest. 
 Got your first rodeo in a few hours. 
 [Gasps] Yay. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Vehicle door opens] 
 Get out of there! 
 Get out of there! 
 Get out of my truck! 
 Man : Whoa! 
 Get the hell out of my truck, or I swear, I'm gonna shoot you! 
 No, no, no! Walt, Walt, Walt! 
 Get out of there! Get out of my truck! 
 Walt, no! 
 Get out of there! 
 No, no, no! Hold on, now! 
 Hold on there! Hold on there, now! 
 Next time I could shoot you, Bob. 
 I could shoot you! 
 Henry took my keys. 
 Good for him. 
 I come out here, I was trying to bum a ride... for a few hours. 
 N... nobody would help me out. 
 That's weird. 
 Nobody wanted to drive home a drunk clown? 
 Anyway... 
 I just climbed in there to rest my eyes. 
 You know he puts dead bodies back there. 
 Ooh. You're like a sunrise. Come over here. 
 Bob. Bob. Okay. 
 Come here, good-lookin'. 
 Okay, okay. Walt... Bob. 
 One little kissy right here. 
 Just one... 
 If you kiss me, I will shoot you. 
 Walt : Come on, boy. Come on. 
 Walt! 
 Well, I'm glad you're all having a blast. 
 Victoria, what the hell? 
 You said you'd be home in two hours eight hours ago. 
 Ruby said you might be here. 
 I was just heading home. 
 Sheriff, you mind if I take my wife to breakfast? 
 She's all yours. 
 You sure you don't want to come with us, Sheriff? 
 I'd hate for you not to be near her for a few hours. 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey. 
 Go ahead, have breakfast. 
 On me. 
 Okay. 
 Let's go. 
 See you at home, okay? 
 Let's go. 
 Yes. Let's go. 
 [Vehicle door closes] 
 I had no idea she had a husband. 
 We all got our little secrets, Bob. 
 [Spits] 
 Saddle up today, Branch, or are you too old? 
 Not too old, Leo. Just too smart. 
 That what you call it? 
 What's Chris Sublette's prognosis? 
 I talked to the doctor. 
 He said that he could wake up in two hours, two days, two years, never. 
 Man : Well, rodeo fans, take a look right here... 
 Walt Longmire and Branch Connally, our two aspirants for the second-highest office in Absaroka County, the first, of course, being our rodeo queen, but neither one of these cowboys has a prayer at that honor. 
 [Cheers and applause] 
 Hey, Branch! 
 Branch! 
 Sorry to slow you down there. 
 Think you could help us find Levi? 
 You said he's a bronc rider, right? 
 Yeah. 
 Then he'll probably be with the broncs. 
 [Bulls lowing] 
 [Man speaking indistinctly over P.A. system] 
 Vic : Can these guys' pants get any tighter? 
 I'm told that's Levi Giggs. 
 Do me a favor, Branch. 
 Pour this water out on some dirt out there. 
 Why? 
 You'll see. 
 Vic, come say hi. 
 What's the book on this horse? 
 She rode pretty good in Cheyenne last year, but I haven't seen her in a while. 
 Levi Giggs? 
 Last time I checked. 
 Can I have a few seconds of your time? 
 Yeah. 
 I understand you were recently dropped by your sponsor. 
 I quit before he dropped me. 
 But I drew a damn good horse today. 
 When I win this purse, I'm gonna expose Chris Sublette for the village idiot he is. 
 So why did he drop you? 
 Now, I just said I quit. 
 You did say that. 
 Well, he said I was messing with the stock... mistreating the horses to get 'em to buck harder. 
 Now, that's a dirty lie. 
 My daddy's a rancher. 
 He'd skin me alive if I mistreated a horse. 
 I'll have  you  know, I'm very gentle. 
 Yeah, well, I'm not. 
 So what's the real reason why he dropped your ass? 
 Well, you seen Chris' wife? 
 She's a "buckle bunny." 
 I think old Chris didn't like the way she looked at me. 
 Branch : Branch Connally, Levi. 
 Heard good things. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Walt : So, where were you last night? 
 Kicking ass and chasing trim. 
 Ah. 
 Someone nearly beat Chris Sublette to death in his home last night. 
 Oh? 
 "Oh"? 
 It wasn't me, if that's what you're getting at. 
 Not what your hands say. 
 [Inhales deeply] 
 Like I said, kicking ass and chasing trim. 
 [Scoffs] 
 Did pretty good at both, if you know what I mean. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, there's a buckle with my name on it. 
 Ma'am! 
 I think we're in love. 
 Your cellphone has a camera, right? 
 Take a picture of that. 
 I gather you saw some footprints at the crime scene. 
 You gather right. 
 Print 'em out... see what size Levi is, see if we got a match. 
 What vet's attached to the rodeo? 
 Dennis Nunn, usually. 
 So if someone was abusing the animals... 
 Dennis would know. 
 Stop by, check on him. 
 Sheriff! [Chuckles] 
 Hello, Miss Ambrose. 
 Hi. I'm sorry. 
 I'm Lizzie. You're Branch, right? 
 Um, "Branch Connally for sheriff," right? 
 Right. Saw you in the office. 
 You want some? 
 No. No, thank you. 
 Vic : May I? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Thank you. 
 So, uh, what was it you wanted? 
 Last night, you called me, but the phone got cut off. 
 Uh... 
 I think you must be mistaken. 
 No. 
 Walter Longmire, 307 area code. 
 I mean, I guess everyone in the state has a 307 area code. 
 Still, not many Walt Longmires. 
 Well, I must have mis-dialed. 
 I guess I should be relieved. 
 Last time you wanted to talk to me, there were two dead bodies in my river. 
 Yeah. Yeah, well... 
 You know, next time you, um, you mis-dial, let it ring a second time, or maybe even leave a message. 
 I know it's been a while, Walt, but they got this new invention they call caller I.D. 
 So, Dennis, any reports of riders abusing their animals? 
 Oh, you're talking about Levi Giggs, aren't you? 
 You know about that? 
 Uh-huh. The complaint came to me. 
 Rider said that he was using a low-wattage cattle prod on his horses. 
 Now, we use that, but only as a last resort to move a sick or a dangerous animal. 
 Levi had some version of the device on his broncs in order to make them buck harder. 
 Bigger the bucking, higher the score. 
 Yeah, that's right. 
 People think that horses are so strong and big, and something like that's not gonna hurt them. 
 But an electrical charge like that... that can mess with a horse's heart. 
 Cause ventricular fibrillation, sometimes even a full-on heart attack. 
 Couldn't someone have made up the accusation? 
 Well, sure. That happens sometimes. 
 That's why I sent my son, Zachary, to monitor Levi. 
 Zac's got video of Levi. 
 We showed it to his sponsors, and Levi was dropped. 
 You know Chris Sublette? 
 Sure. I'll tell you this... most sponsors, they could give a damn if a rider tortures broncs, just as long as that rider brings home purses. 
 Dennis, I'm gonna need you to sign off on this. 
 But not Chris. No, he dropped Levi right away. 
 Someone dropped Chris Sublette into a coma last night. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Holy sh1t. 
 You think Levi Giggs could do something like that? 
 Sheriff, if you can hurt an animal, you can hurt a man. 
 Yeah. 
 Vic, don't get pissed, but... 
 I heard Walt was drunk at the crime scene last night. 
 I'm concerned. 
 Bullshit, you are. 
 You're just looking for an edge in the election. 
 "Walt Longmire was drunk... and I'm Branch Connally, and I've approved this message." 
 So you saying he wasn't? 
 He was being responsible. 
 He called and asked me for a ride home because he'd had a few beers. 
 On the way out, the call came in. 
 I took lead, he backed me up... totally fine. 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 Where you been? 
 You at home prank-calling Lizzie Ambrose? 
 I found out some gossip you two can whisper about... 
 Levi lied to us. 
 [Door slams] 
 Dennis Nunn says he has proof that Levi was using some kind of device to shock his horses. 
 So Levi's not as gentle as he said. 
 Branch : I asked around. 
 Levi hasn't won in over a year. 
 So he's not bringing home any prize money. 
 Without a sponsor, easy to burn through all your dough just trying to survive on the circuit. 
 What do you know about that bootprint? 
 It's hard to know beyond size and style. 
 It's some kind of riding boot, size 11. 
 Levi was wearing Justins at the rodeo. 
 This looks like a buckaroo heel. 
 Common amongst bronc riders. 
 Uh, keep looking into Levi's whereabouts last night. 
 Vic, any sign of that missing painting? 
 I checked with all the pawn shops and galleries in the area. 
 So far, nobody's reported anybody trying to sell a Custer print. 
 What'd you find out about Julia Sublette? 
 Uh, her story checked out. 
 There was an opening at her art gallery last night. 
 I got three people who confirmed seeing her there. 
 I went to her hotel. She checked in around 9:00. 
 The room-service waiter said he brought dinner to her and her husband around 9:40. 
 Which is impossible. 
 'Cause her husband, getting beaten and whipped. 
 Hotel rooms, room service. 
 You think Julia was having an affair? 
 You get a description of her "husband"? 
 Yeah. 
 Uh... 
 White male, very good-looking... 
 I'm just quoting here. 
 That fits with Levi. 
 You think he's good-looking? 
 So, do you think Julia arranged a hit on her husband to get out of the marriage? 
 Ferg, track down Julia Sublette at the hospital, get her on the phone. 
 I'll take it in my office. 
 Hey, Walt. 
 I don't think we should call Julia Sublette just yet. 
 We need to find out who she's sleeping with. 
 I think I already know. 
 It's Branch. 
 I can't find anybody who will admit to or remembers spending time with Levi last night. 
 So his claim that he was partying too hard to have assaulted Chris Sublette remains unconfirmed. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Look, Walt, I'll keep asking around. 
 Branch... 
 Who you sleeping with? 
 What? 
 What are you talking about? 
 Who are you sleeping with? 
 That's none of your business. 
 That's not how I see it. 
 If it relates directly to the assault on Chris Sublette, I believe it is absolutely my business... 
 And, obviously, your duty to tell me about it. 
 I know you heard about me being supposedly drunk at the crime scene. 
 But only two people could've told you that... 
 Vic or Julia Sublette. 
 Now, Vic said it wasn't her, and I believe her. 
 So I'm gonna ask you again... are you sleeping with the victim's wife? 
 No. 
 Hell, no. 
 Do you know the victim's wife? 
 No. 
 Never met her. 
 Well... 
 If neither Vic nor Julia Sublette mentioned my drinking to you, who did? 
 If you're going door-to-door looking for campaign donations, I ought to warn you, I'm voting for my son. 
 
 
 
 Hello, Barlow. 
 Walt. 
 Can I get you an espresso, a cappuccino? 
 Just got this great new machine. 
 What's the point of money if you can't waste a little of it from time to time? 
 Thanks for the offer, but I don't want to pretend this is a social call. 
 May as well get right at this. 
 You having an affair with Julia Sublette? 
 We should probably get more specific. 
 I'm not as old-fashioned as you, Walt. 
 I doubt we have the same definition of "affair." 
 Be as specific as you want, Barlow. 
 All right, then. 
 We're having s*x, and we're not telling people about it. 
 That's pretty close to my definition. 
 Barlow : Yeah, but I know you. 
 Your definition's a little... sappier, and it would mean that I somehow have reason to beat the crap out of poor Chris Sublette. 
 You're saying you don't? 
 I've been married, Walt. 
 Didn't agree with me. 
 Now, this thing with Julia... whoa. 
 She is gorgeous, she's smart, she's funny... 
 And we have a good time. 
 And then she goes home. 
 Why would I want to mess with that? 
 So, you were with her last night. 
 We were in Ranchester when she got the call about the burglary. 
 You willing to say that under oath in a court of law? 
 I don't know, Walt. 
 You willing to admit you were drinking on the job? 
 That's what this is all about, isn't it? 
 You want to exert a little leverage on me so I won't use what I've got against you in the election campaign. 
 This is about a man getting beaten half to death. 
 Really? 
 I thought it was about somebody stealing a rich man's painting. 
 I never seen anyone get quite so violent over a reproduction. 
 Reproduction? 
 [Chuckles] That what she told you? 
 The original was lost in a fire. 
 Uh-huh. 
 But what do you reckon it would be worth if it hadn't been lost in a fire? 
 Who told you I was having an affair? 
 The same man who told me your missing painting wasn't a copy but a very valuable original... 
 Barlow Connally. 
 Now, Julia, you need to start telling me the truth, or I'm gonna start thinking you were behind this whole thing, looking for a shortcut out of your marriage. 
 Sheriff Longmire, I didn't try to kill my husband. 
 I may have been looking for some passion in my life, but I care about Chris, and I want whoever did this brought to justice. 
 I know you may not like what I've ne... 
 I'm not perfect... but I'm telling you the truth. 
 Well, keep going, then. 
 What about the Custer painting? 
 We bought it on the black market. 
 I know it's illegal, but... 
 It was perfect for us. 
 How much is the painting worth? 
 Somewhere between $300,000 and $400,000. 
 [Sighs] That much? 
 You think Levi knew how much the painting was worth? 
 It was worth something. That's all that matters. 
 It's the same basic size and shape. 
 Looks like a Durango heel, too. 
 [Grunts] 
 Wyoming's rubbing off on you. 
 Also looks like a size 11. 
 Yeah, but how many size-11 boots you think they sell here in cow-town every year, hmm? 
 A lot. 
 May not prove it's him, but it doesn't rule out Levi, either, so... 
 What about that belt buckle that you found? 
 Well, according to Julia, the buckle used in the attack belonged to Chris. 
 So what are we looking for? 
 We'll know when we find it. 
 Vic : I wonder what Chris Sublette is gonna think when he wakes up and finds out that his wife was cheating on him with Barlow Connally. 
 I don't know how people live with themselves. 
 Cheaters have a way of rationalizing what they do. 
 Sometimes you just realize that you married the wrong person. 
 I cheated on my wife. 
 You? 
 I called up, uh... 
 Lizzie Ambrose last Friday night after work. 
 I didn't mis-dial. I... 
 Heard the phone ring at the other end. 
 I just... I just hung up. 
 Felt like I was cheating. 
 You're kidding me, right? 
 You're not kidding me. 
 Walt, you're talking about your deceased wife... the one who would want you to be happy. 
 Is that why you were drinking? Guilt? 
 Why would you put your happy-couple pictures in a drawer? 
 Maybe they were fighting. 
 Well... [Grunts] or Chris was expecting company... [Cellphone chimes] someone who'd be uncomfortable seeing these pictures. 
 Maybe we should just ask him. 
 So, Chris, do you remember who attacked you? 
 Now, I know about that black-market painting of yours. 
 Think the attacker was there for that? 
 [Breathes deeply] 
 I know you're in a lot of pain. 
 I just got a couple more questions I need to ask you. 
 I just came from your house, and I noticed none of your photographs of you and Julia are on display. 
 Okay, enough, enough. 
 Chris. 
 He's had enough. Please. 
 Chris, were you expecting company last night? 
 I love you. 
 Please, no! 
 Wait! 
 No, please! Please stop! 
 Wait, wait, wait. 
 No, no, no. No, please! 
 Wait! 
 You have any idea what the hell that was about? 
 No. But I'm gonna find out. 
 Excuse me, Sheriff, can I help you? 
 Doctor, can you look at this chart for me? 
 Am I reading this right? 
 This person didn't lose conscious as a result of head injuries? 
 No, Sheriff. No sign of concussion. 
 Looks more like there was some kind of heart event, possibly ventricular fibrillation. 
 What causes ventricular fibrillation? 
 Could be drugs... stimulants like cocaine... or maybe some kind of electric shock. 
 Dennis. 
 Hey. 
 You still have those pictures of Levi using his hot shot on that bronc? 
 I think so. Right in my office. 
 I know some of the more powerful tasers used by law enforcement leave a couple little red marks when the electrodes hit the body. 
 These hot shots do the same thing? 
 Oh, it's hard to say. 
 If you can shave the horse hair off and get down to skin, you might see something. 
 The whole reason we had the pictures is 'cause it's really the only way to prove anything. 
 Here. Everything looks normal. 
 But Levi has a hot shot hid in his chaps. 
 See? Right there. 
 Hot shot's connected to this thin wire that ran to the saddle that provided the charge. 
 Afterwards, he gets off his horse, he disconnects, and he and the hot shot walk out of the arena. 
 But Zac followed him. 
 That's how he got these pictures. 
 Can you tell what kind of cattle prod that is? 
 I need you to shock me. 
 What? 
 I need you to use that hot shot on me. 
 No. 
 It's important. 
 It is insane. Stop it. 
 Stop what? 
 I'm just trying to solve a crime. 
 No. You are punishing yourself. 
 No, I'm not. 
 Walt... you are alive. 
 She is not. That sucks. 
 But it is what it is. 
 I hate that phrase. 
 Never use that phrase with me again. 
 "It is what it is." 
 Of course you hate the phrase. It means you are powerless. 
 But, my friend... It is what it is. 
 Stop it. 
 It is what it is. 
 I'm serious. 
 I know. 
 You are so very serious. You used to be fun. 
 Sort of. 
 You used to be not such a sanctimonious, self-important judgmental prick. 
 [Electricity crackles] 
 [Gasps] 
 I thought my head was gonna explode. 
 Can you imagine? 
 No. 
 "Branch, who you sleeping with?" 
 That's not funny. Don't... 
 I was there. 
 I can't keep lying and sneaking around. 
 I'm... I'm nervous, and I'm guilty all the time. 
 Not  all  the time. 
 Yeah, pretty close. 
 Maybe if you weren't running against him, it would be different. 
 I'll quit the race. 
 Branch, I'm serious. 
 So am I, Cady. 
 I don't want you changing your life for me. 
 Why not? What if I want to? 
 Because I'll feel more guilty than I already do. 
 I just don't think that this was... meant to be. 
 This... whatever this is... it's over, Branch. 
 I don't want this to be over. 
 Hold on, Levi. Got a warrant for your arrest. 
 Sheriff, I drew a bad horse earlier, but those guys over there said they liked what they saw in me, and they're big sponsors. 
 And they picked the toughest horse they could find and said if I could ride it, they'd pick me up. 
 Now, this is my chance. I'm not getting off this horse. 
 Levi. 
 Sheriff, uh... 
 I'm behind on my child-support payments. 
 You know... 
 Well, if I don't get a check tonight, I won't be able to see my daughter. 
 You got eight seconds. 
 Thank you. 
 This hot shot you used on your broncs here was used in the assault of Chris Sublette. 
 That hot shot leaves these marks, same kind of marks we found on Chris Sublette. 
 You shocked him, his heart spasmed... 
 And you stole his painting. 
 Look, I admit I cheated. 
 I shocked my horses, but I did not beat on Chris, and I sure as hell didn't steal no painting. 
 What am I gonna do with a painting? 
 Write a poem about it? 
 Hey, Walt, someone just tried to pawn "Custer's Last Fight." 
 Don't hog the cot. 
 When I come out of the Red Pony about 2:00 A.M. the other night, that painting was sitting in the back of my pickup. 
 Walt : What time did you arrive at the Red Pony? 
 Uh, 4:00. 
 You were drinking for 10 hours? 
 Well, part of the time I was pissing, but, yes, ma'am. 
 Call Henry and ask him. 
 I was indoors the whole time. 
 We know someone who wasn't. 
 [Sighs] 
 Aw, hell, I was pretty ripped the other night, Walt. 
 Sometimes you need to get numb and dumb. 
 I understand. 
 Even so, do you remember seeing something in the parking lot last Friday night? 
 Someone put something in the back of a pickup truck? 
 Drywall guy. 
 I remember seeing some feller taking a big piece of drywall out of the back of his truck, put it in the back of someone else's truck. 
 Could the drywall have been a painting? 
 Could've been the Moanin' Lisa for all I know. 
 Bob, don't mess with me. 
 I'm not. 
 I see it... the truck of the drywall guy, or perhaps I should refer to him as the connoisseur. 
 Truck had a bumper sticker that really made me sad. 
 It was supposed to be funny, but when you really thought about it, this guy is driving around advertising his own humiliation. 
 And I thought... Walt, Walt. 
 I thought that was like me. 
 Yeah. 
 What'd the bumper sticker say, Bob? 
 "Bronc riders do it in 8 seconds." 
 Oh, hey, Sheriff. 
 You find Levi Giggs yet? 
 I did. 
 Who drives that truck? 
 We all do. It's a family truck. 
 I need the family to come down to the station. 
 Why? 
 One of you beat Chris Sublette within an inch of his life last Friday night. 
 If he don't pull through, that's murder. 
 You know how much this is worth? 
 Dennis : Sheriff, you want to tell us what the hell this is really about? 
 Between $300,000 and $400,000, which begs the question, why would one of you have just dropped it in the back of a stranger's pickup truck? 
 All right, Langley, Zac, we're leaving. 
 You leave and I'll charge you all, sort it out later. 
 First you say we beat up Chris Sublette. 
 Now you say we stole this painting. 
 Well, did you, Dennis? 
 No. 
 No, I did not. 
 Okay, then. 
 Where were you Friday night around 1:00 A.M.? 
 See, most people have an answer for that one, Dennis, even if it's a lie. 
 Langley : He does. 
 I mean, maybe he doesn't, but he was  not  at the Sublettes' house. 
 I'm sorry, Dennis, but... 
 Well, I was worried that Dennis was having an affair with Julia Sublette. 
 Honey, that's ridiculous. 
 Well, he's always going over to their house and tending to the animals, and... 
 Well, we just haven't been real close... lately. 
 Langley... 
 I mean, you've seen Julia, Sheriff. 
 I mean, she's beautiful. 
 You go to the Sublette house, Langley? 
 I asked Zac to follow him. 
 Did you follow him, Zac? 
 Yes. 
 But it's all gonna be okay. 
 That's what I'm trying to tell you. 
 Zac followed him to the Sublettes' house, but he told me that he was not having an affair with Julia Sublette. 
 So, look, I don't know what happened to Chris Sublette, but neither Zac or Dennis had anything to do with it. 
 Wh... what are you doing?! 
 Same size, Zac. 
 Are you crazy? Get your hands off him! 
 This the boot that put Chris into a coma? 
 Langley : We're gonna call a lawyer! 
 Dennis : What's going on, son? 
 Were you there that night? 
 Tell me the truth. 
 The truth? 
 You're full of sh1t. 
 You watch your lip, boy. 
 We need to get out of here right now. 
 You weren't screwing Julia Sublette. 
 You were screwing her husband. 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 Did Levi put you up to this? 
 I saw your truck parked out at the Sublettes'. 
 I just got... I just got so pissed. 
 I went to the window, figuring I'd see you and Mrs. Sublette. 
 Then I looked in, and you were... 
 [voice breaking] Zac, please stop... 
 No, everyone has to hear this! 
 I went back to my truck. 
 I got the hot shot, and then I... I... I waited. 
 And then when my dad left, I went to the house, rang the doorbell, and Mr. Sublette answered. 
 He said something to me. 
 He called me... 
 He called me "son." 
 I just... I flipped out. 
 You have to stop this. 
 He hit the security alarm, and the alarm went off, but I had the hot shot, and it just took him right down. 
 [Voice breaking] And then I started kicking him... and beating him... until he just... stopped moving. 
 Dennis, is what Zac said about you and Chris Sublette true? 
 No. 
 You son of a bitch! 
 Son! Son! Son, get off! 
 I hate you! I hate you! 
 [Sobbing] 
 I hate you, Dad! 
 I hate you! I hate... I hate you! 
 I hate you! 
 [Sobbing continues] 
 Barlow : Where you been? 
 Out clearing my head. 
 Well, you always were the thoughtful one. 
 A bit of an over-thinker. 
 Just out riding, Dad, not over-thinking. 
 Hmm. 
 Well, then, why haven't you had the good sense to play the cards that were dealt you? 
 Walt Longmire was drunk at a crime scene. 
 Now, don't you think that's the kind of information a voting public deserves to know? 
 He was off-duty. 
 He didn't get behind the wheel, and then he not only helped save Chris' life, he discovered the guy who beat him and recovered a priceless work of art that had been missing for 70 years. 
 Geez, why don't you just marry him? 
 I think I'll be a good sheriff, Dad. 
 But I could still learn a few things from Walt. 
 I'm not so sure running against him this term is such a good idea. 
 You're not trying to earn a cub scout badge, Branch. 
 You're running for sheriff. 
 Your ancestors didn't die in coal mines and wars for nothing. 
 They built Wyoming when nobody else knew where in the hell it was! 
 This is your time, son. 
 Walt's had his. 
 I wouldn't use the drinking against him. 
 I don't need to use the drinking. 
 He's not as pure as you think he is. 
 [Clicks tongue] 
 Now, son, I know that you like the man. 
 But I advise you to set that aside for a while and find something about him to hate! 
 The whole painting is a lie. 
 That is why I took it down. 
 Custer's outfit, the lndians' dress. 
 The battle is even on the wrong side of the river. 
 Most everything people learned about Little Bighorn is fiction. 
 If you repeat a lie often enough, it becomes the truth. 
 Whoa, sounds like it's getting pretty heavy over here. 
 I had no idea you were so arty. 
 [Chuckles] 
 I got your message. 
 So you did. 
 Henry : May I get you something to drink, ma'am? 
 Yes, you may. 
 Uh... 
 [Clears throat] 
 Uh... 
 Now, Henry, it's on me. 
 [Music] 
 [Laughing] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 