Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Tuscan Red - Longmire 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Tuscan Red https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=419&t=20354 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/31/13 02:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Tuscan Red 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Longmire...  
 You seem more than usually irritated with Branch. 
 Branch Connally for Sheriff! 
 Looks like my campaign advertising is working. 
 He's so focused on the election, he's barely doing his job. 
 I'm hoping we can find a way to be friends. 
 You know I'm not gonna invite you in, right? 
 Did you know Detective Fales was in town? 
 Would you mind telling me why you were in Denver? 
 What I need is for you to tell me everything that you told Detective Fales. 
 The slightest contradiction in our stories, and he will notice. 
 Walt : Well, it looks pretty big. 
 Should be able to get enough timber to do my cabin steps. It's a sign that you are a lucky man. Good timing. The election is a week away. One day, you're standing tall. Next day, people are walking all over you. A lot can change in a week. [thud] [grunts] Ignore the polls. I do. But there are some things I can't ignore. You still haven't told me about your chat with Detective Fales. You know the police. He asked questions, and I answered. Worry not... in one week, you will be re-elected and life will get back to normal. We'll see. That answer verged on optimism, almost excitement. You want this job. Let's just finish this one. You want Branch to win? No. So you want this job. Knock it off. [chain saw revs] You've never said you want anything. Just say it. Come on. Say you want to be Sheriff and you want to win. [chainsaw stops] Okay. I want to win. [explosion] [birds squawking] [radar beeping] Branch : No, no, no. Don't put words in my mouth. Walt Longmire's done a fine job. All I'm saying is Absaroka County deserves more than fine. We need to look forward, not backward. [radar beeping] I'll call you back. [engine revs, tires squeal] [siren wails] [siren chirps] Return to your vehicle, ma'am. You know how fast you were going? 80 in a 55. 81. I'm gonna ask you again... return to your vehicle. We need to talk. Here? Yeah. Um, I didn't ass-dial you the other night. I called you and pretended I ass-dialed you. I mean, I have ass-dialed you, but not that time. That time, I wanted to see you, and I can't. My head's not in the right place for a relationship. I wanted to call you and tell you all of this, but I'm sick of the phone, and I'm not gonna text, so I wanted to say it face-to-face. Well... we could have met for coffee or at the monkey bars. No, I didn't want anyone to see us and get the wrong idea and start gossiping. I mean, you know this town. [horn honks] Right? So... Now it just looks like you're giving me a ticket. Yeah. Great. Now it just looks like candidate Connally is harassing the competition's daughter. Don't bring politics into this. We're friends, right? But that's it. That I can do... nothing more. I'm done. You want to say something? Fine. Cady... we're not done here. Did you not understand what I just said? Barely. Okay. [car door slams] [engine turns over] I want to see you again, too. Not gonna happen. I think it will. [paper rustling] See you in court. [dog barking] Do you see anyone? No. All right, let's let it cool down. Sheriff Longmire, the fire department can handle this. It's a volunteer fire department. Today, we volunteered. Geez, relax, Mathias. He saw the smoke and came running. Yeah, to a nice photo op. This is not about the campaign. Well, that's funny coming from Walt Longmire's campaign chairman. What the hell happened here? I don't know. I do. This house belongs to Dolan Lone Elk. He's been protesting a fracking operation just outside the res. Now his house blows up from methane seeping into his water supply. It's ironic, isn't it? Vic : What's the name of the company that's been doing the fracking? Newett Energy. You know, Mathias, the link between fracking and water contamination hasn't totally been proven. There's some methane that naturally occurs in sediment. Not everything's a conspiracy. Henry! Toss me your lighter! Walt, we just put this fire out. I rest my case. Both spouts are open. Water was running. Which means the gas was leaking. Someone was definitely home. [birds squawking] All the windows are closed. This one's locked. Build up enough methane pressure in an enclosed space, you get all this. Mathias : Dolan told me the methane levels made him afraid to even take a shower without opening the windows first. [Walt grunts] Why didn't Dolan do it this time? I got it. Are you taking the body to Doc Bloomfield? Is this suddenly my case? Ours. My people, your energy company. Accident or not, blood is on their hands. Okay, boys. The sooner we get the autopsy done, the faster we find out what actually happened. Ever heard of a burn victim leaking blood? I don't think it's blood. What is it? Paint. What the hell's going on here? Please, brother. Keep back. I have a right to see that body. Sir, you can't come in here. Hey, hey, hey. Mathias : It's okay, Philly. It's his house. That's Dolan Lone Elk. If you're Dolan Lone Elk, then who's this? Ethan. It's my brother, Ethan. Take a seat. Any idea why Ethan was at your home? He's family. He doesn't need a reason to be there. Vic : And where were you? I was at a sweat. For what? For strength to fight Newett Energy. Idle No More  is planning a protest here today. They can't silence us. You think this explosion was someone trying to silence you? Ever since I blew the whistle on Newett Energy and started telling people what this company is doing to our land and our water,  they've been trying their damndest to intimidate me. My brother's murder will just make our voices stronger and stronger. Okay. So, if it wasn't an accident, why would someone kill Ethan? Because they thought he was me. I guess all Cheyenne look the same to everybody at Newett. Was Ethan part of ldle No More? No. After he graduated high school, he left the res for college. He just moved back a few months ago and accepted a management position at Nighthorse casino. I guess he figured that white presidents on green paper would cure all that ills us. Maybe he just didn't know about the methane problem. Oh, Ethan knew. All Cheyenne know about it. We got to open windows and doors just to wash our hands. We have to sleep with windows cracked and one eye open. We need to notify Ethan's wife. Sometimes, this kind of news is better coming from family. Her name is Lauryn. She works at the casino, too, and I'd prefer it if you informed her. So, if you two don't mind, I've got to get back to my people. I'll see myself out. [Door opens] Ruby : Doctor Bloomfield called. He wants you to come over right away, said he needed to talk to you in person. Damn it, I really wanted to meet him. So what is Doc Bloomfield like, anyway? Ruggedly handsome with a somewhat irresistible air of mystery. Hey, Doc. This is Deputy Moretti. My mother's Japanese, father's Scots-Jewish. Thought I'd be Korean, right? [Chuckles] We didn't come here for your genealogy, Doc. You said you needed to talk in person. The, uh, Mayor asked me to personally oversee the autopsy and inform you of any results. Why? Well, apparently, Newett Energy's C.E.O. called the Mayor's office this morning,  wanted to make sure no details were overlooked. Also wanted to make sure no law-enforcement officials jump to any costly conclusions about liability. I assume that means me. Well, you do got a reputation of being a Cheyenne advocate, and you never really learned how to properly oil the haunches of power. What did you find? So far, nothing but trouble. [Spits] First of all, Ethan Lone Elk had been painted red from head to toe. Now, the paint fueled the fire on his front, as you can see, but his back was preserved, most likely 'cause he was lying down when the blast occurred. I took a sample of the paint... red, oil-based. Here. I cut a swatch from his shirt. And I hate racial stereotypes as much as the next guy, but it looks like he was one drunk lndian. I swabbed inside his cheek. Hardly seems official. You can't actually get a tox screen back in 24 hours, can you? We don't have the luxury of time, given all the givens, darling. So, Deputy Moretti, please do me a favor. I want you to hold this mouthpiece over Ethan's mouth just like so. Ah. Grazie. Walt, I want you to stand there. Now, on the count of three, I want you to press down on the victim's chest. Ready? One, two, three. [air hisses] [beep] [whistles] He just blew a 0.34. [inhales sharply] That's a hell of a lot of beer, eh, Walt? We didn't find any empty beer bottles or cans, anything at his house. So, Ethan was drinking. This doesn't explain why he was painted red before a house went up in flames. [door opens] Hey, Ruby. Where are you going? Uh, to my desk. Nope. Walt wants us to go out. Why? Paint shopping... we need to match this color. Where's this from? Off a gentleman from the res... Ethan Lone Elk. I just don't get people sometimes. They painted his entire body red. It's horrible. Let's go, hot shot. [door opens] Jacob : Full-time jobs and medical benefits for 42 Cheyenne, 14 Arapaho, 6 Lakota, and 3 Crow. Now remind me... how again is this casino a negative influence for the res? I'm not here to debate with you, Jacob. I need to talk to one of your employees. News travels faster than you, Sheriff. This about the explosion? No comment. I didn't tell his wife. I didn't think it was my place. That's your job... for now, anyway. Lauryn Lone Elk... she's training, third table in. Face of steel, eyes of steel ... you control the table. Don't show them a thing. Lauryn Lone Elk? I'm Lauryn. How can I help you? Mrs. Lone Elk, can you take a break? You have five minutes, not a moment more. I'm very sorry to tell you there was an explosion on the reservation today, and your husband, Ethan... he was killed. Can we not do this here? Did your husband tell you he was going to his brother's house? He never does. Why? Ethan's family is a difficult issue. My husband and I have learned not to discuss it. I don't exactly fit the Lone Elk family's image of an ideal squaw. He said he stopped visiting them, but I know he was still going. Did Ethan always go to Dolan's house, or did they ever go anywhere for a beer? Ethan didn't drink. Though he should have with the pressures of his job. I understand he worked at the casino, too. Ethan ran human resources, drug-testing potential employees. He decided who got the job and who didn't. That can't have been easy. He get any threats? For not hiring someone or for marrying me? Both. Sure. Anonymous phone calls, hang-ups. S.U.V.s rolling by our house. I couldn't tell you if that was because of me or the job. [voice breaking] But that's our life. And we refused to live in fear. [sighs] I need to get back to work. [cellphone rings, beeps] Jacob : Deputy Connally, I suggest you steer clear  of this Ethan Lone Elk situation. Sounds like an opportunity. However it shakes out, people are gonna get angry,  and you don't want to alienate any voting blocs. Let Walt fall on it. It's a political grenade. I disagree. Listen, you jump in,  you're either gonna piss off big business or the Cheyenne. You can't afford to lose either group one week away from the election. I got to go. [cellphone beeps] I need Ethan's list of job applicants, especially ones that didn't make the cut. So, you've dismissed the energy company already And want to look for a killer among my hardworking employees. Why not look under the ground, man? That's where the stench is coming from. You say you want to help the Cheyenne. You get me that list, or you give it to Mathias... I don't care. Your employee was killed. The person that did it might be on that list. Well, if I did have such a list, it would be quite confidential. Then I'll get quite the subpoena. Let's go. [inhales sharply] [crowd chanting] [cellphone rings] [cellphone beeps] Hi. Victoria. Can I call you back later? No. I... I kind of need to talk to you right now. Okay, but make it quick. The sh1t has totally hit the fan today. I know. Hey, you! Yeah, you! Look at me! Look at me! You killed my brother! How does it feel to work for a bunch of murderers?! [chanting continues] That's Sean's truck. What are you doing here? Watching. Not them... them. It's energy company security guards ... they've already taken out one of us. I'm not letting them get another. Keep your head, Mathias. I'll take care of it. Idle No More  is a peaceful group. this looks like something completely different. I don't think some of these people are even in the group. Maybe Henry will be able to talk some sense into them. I was called. By who? His people. Great. So, what do we do now? [chanting continues] Sir, step out of the car, please. You're under arrest for inciting a riot. Walk out in cuffs if you want to get out of here. Come on. [cheers and applause] That's for Ethan! Don't make me come back for you! Newett Energy is poisoning our land and our people! They killed my brother! [crowd boos] Walt : They also own that truck! Get down! [Booing continues] They will not break us! They're trespassing on our land,  and they need to be sent back to where they came from! [crowd cheers] [crowd chanting] [crowd boos] Come here! [handcuffs click] Who's gonna be next? I am. Is this your idea of justice, Sheriff? Newett Energy poisons our water and murders my brother, and you put us behind bars, while he sits there like an honored guest? He's simply filling out a formal damage report ... thanks to you. He'll be gone when he's finished. His arrest was fake. Ours was real. You know, there was a time when you people at least tried to disguise your double standard. Just how much money is Newett Energy donating Not a cent. Prove it. Ask my campaign manager. It is true. They are not donors. Walt, we need to talk... you and me in private. I just received the official tox-screen report on Ethan Lone Elk. It appears the explosion didn't kill him. He was already dead. How did he die? Acute alcohol poisoning. At 0.34? That came from his lungs. but his blood test came back at 0.92 ... more than 10 times the legal limit. I actually called to chew out the lab. I thought the number was a typo. No one can drink that much without passing out. Someone was force-feeding him the alcohol. Any signs of bruising from a fight, being tied up? The burning and bubbling of the skin would have covered all that up. This man was painted red and forced to ingest alcohol until his body shut down. Pretty brutal death. We might be looking at a hate crime... emphasis on hate. You gonna tell the Mayor? Not until I get all the facts. Politicians like solutions, not problems. You get anywhere on our red paint? Got one of my deputies on it. 
 
 [music] How many drinks has she had? Five. Better bring me four more. Victoria, what they're saying about us isn't true. You mean Newett? Yeah. [inhales deeply] So, ready to go home? I don't think I can yet. I think it's gonna be a long night. Oh. I get it. Vic... I'd give you a kiss, but I don't want to incite another riot. Come on. I'll walk you out. Sheriff. [door opens] [door closes] Ethan was dead before the house exploded. You sure? Unfortunately so. Dolan, who wanted him dead? Ethan mention anyone to you? This is insane. You already know what happened. Newett Energy has been targeting me for months. Ethan died in a methane explosion in my house because they thought he was me. Ethan was the target, not you. How do you know that? Blood tests suggest alcohol poisoning, and Ethan didn't drink. [inhales deeply] A cynical man would accuse you of trying to shift blame away from the energy company. Why should we expect anything else, Standing Bear? The Sheriff's department is in bed with the energy company. I'm not helping you pin the blame on someone else. Walt : Then enjoy your stay. [music] [chuckles] Taxi! Uh... I've got a better idea. [dialing] [laughs] I appreciate the ride... Mm-hmm. ... your open-mindedness, and discretion. As well as your pepperoni. Oh, my god. [Laughs] Oh, you have to eat the crust. You eat your half. I'll eat mine. [mumbles mockingly] [mumbling] Yeah. [both laugh] [laughs] What are you looking at? Are you gonna throw up? Where did you get those eyes? [belches] [laughs] I'm surprised to see you packing. I thought you didn't live in fear. I said, "we." Ethan's gone and his dream with it. Tell me that dream. To move back to the res, to create jobs. You know, he even wanted us to move to the res, but that's where I put my foot down. I mean, I wouldn't have dragged him to the West Memphis project to put up with everything I escaped. Ethan moved back to help the res, and the res killed him. The res didn't kill him. A person did. Your husband's death wasn't an accident. He may have been murdered before that house exploded. You said Ethan didn't drink. His blood-alcohol level was 0.92. That's enough to kill him. He was painted red. Someone targeted him. They painted him red because he wasn't red enough, because he wasn't lndian enough, because he chose a black woman. Was anyone particularly angry about that? Ethan's family. Even now they won't let up. You know his dad called me an hour ago? Not to give me sympathy but to inform me  that the tribe did not recognize me as Ethan's wife  and that I had no right to Ethan's body. Do you think they might have turned that anger on Ethan? Do you really think his family could have done this because of me? There's also a possibility that someone may have been angry with Ethan 'cause he turned them down for a job. Your husband ever talk about the people that failed his drug test? That was confidential information. Ethan was very by-the-book. But he wasn't much with passwords. [beeping] [laughs] [crickets chirping] [dog barking in distance] Cady? Aah! [Laughing] Look at you! Stop. You are drunk! Stop. You are drunk! Stop. [Laughs] Hey! Hey, hey. No. No! [Laughs] Whoo! Look at me! [laughing] Bravo. No! [Laughing] [both laughing] No! You sure you want to be friends? Things have calmed down. And I release you both. Before I do, Dolan, I want you to look at a name on this list for me. This is a list of casino job applicants ... people your brother drug-tested and disqualified. My brother was just doing his job. I imagine there's some hard feelings if people blamed Ethan for taking jobs away, so... One name on that list stands out... Mancell Lone Elk. He a relation of yours? You said these are the people that failed the drug test? You know this man? He's my father, but he's been clean and sober for 11 years. Not according to your brother. I'm here to take a Dolan Lone Elk into federal custody. Oh, sorry... my manners. I am Lawrence Ward, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Casper office. Sheriff, I'd like to thank you for your cooperation in this. What cooperation? Well, for arresting Mr. Lone Elk here. I'm releasing him. I'll take him. Disruption of international business, destruction of private property ... oh, and a politically motivated murder. You think I killed my brother? Oh, Dolan, now, I imagine you probably thought blowing up your own house would result in some publicity for your cause. It has. What are you implying? What I'm saying is, is that Mr. Lone Elk here has hit the big-time. He's now a domestic terrorist. [sizzling] [chuckles] Well, in the realm of drunken mistakes, that was not so bad. Maybe that should be my new campaign slogan ... "Branch Connally, not so bad." Good. Hair of the dog? Duty calls. Got to work. Oh. Oh. [tab pops] Ahh. [Clears throat] Cady, it's 6:30 in the morning. I made coffee. What's going on? I'm a single, highly educated woman in the middle of Wyoming with absolutely no career to speak of. And my dad and my ex-boyfriend are in the middle of a nasty campaign fight. And recently, I just found out that my mother ... Your mother what? Is this about Denver? No. You should go. I should be right here. This is where I should be. My mom didn't die of cancer. [dogs barking] Thanks for meeting me, Mathias. What do you want with Mancell Lone Elk? Same as you. Answers. Ethan's dead. His brother's been labeled a terrorist. Now you want to harass his father? Hasn't the family suffered enough, Walt? I appreciate your concern, Mathias,  but the Sheriff's just doing his job. Probably not for long. Mr. Lone Elk, it must have been a difficult job for your son Ethan to tell people he'd known his entire life they're not getting these high-paying casino jobs. It was not easy on him, but I taught my sons never to choose the easy path. And you did a fine job with them. It must have been even harder on Ethan when he disqualified you for failing the drug test. This is a tribal elder you're speaking to, Walt. How hard was that on you, Mancell? Rejection... stirs hard feelings in the soul. When I failed that test, I was angry and I was ashamed. What I should have been was proud. I'd raised my two sons to follow truth so they could not be corrupted. Where were you two nights ago when your son was killed? He was leading an N.A. meeting at the res center ... the one my sister attends. I was clean since Ethan gave me that test. I wanted to show him that I was worthy of calling myself his father again. You have no issue with your son failing you? Ethan didn't fail me. I failed him. But you do have some issues with his wife. I choose not to recognize that woman as Ethan's spouse! Because she's black. Because she's not Cheyenne. When a child chooses to be with someone you don't approve of, it feels like rejection, makes you angry,  and anger leads to bad decisions. How could I do that to my own son... my own son? Who knows what you would do if you were high on this. Is this meth? That's not mine. I took it off one of our members at the N.A. meeting. You are an elder. You said you were clean. Lying is the easy path. When I heard about Ethan, I bought a 1/4 ounce. Without his expectations to live up to, you tell me... why the hell bother, huh? [voice breaking] Why the hell bother? So, who's gonna cuff him, Sheriff? You or me? [indistinct shouting] Sean : You really think you should go in today? Vic : I have to go in. Well, I'm walking you to the door. No. No. That would just make things worse. They know we're married. "Newett Energy and the Sheriff's department are in bed together." Wait. Who said that? Walt? No. Dolan Lone Elk, right before the FBI grabbed him. So now you're letting yourself be influenced by a terrorist? Why would you just call him a terrorist? Because that's basically what he is. Babe, look what he's done to Durant. Look what he did at our headquarters the other day. Sean, please tell me you didn't call the FBI on him. Because right now the heat is off your company. The whistle-blower is in federal custody, and you're using the same language as the FBI. Victoria, the FBI debriefed my boss on the situation. I was forwarded a memo. They referred to him as a terrorist. That's it. I'd like to see that memo. Just what kind of man do you think I am? [indistinct shouting] Where's Mancell Lone Elk? Thought he'd be safer with Mathias. [shouting continues] Free Dolan! Free Dolan! I'm going to work. Get out of my way! All of you, move back! [shouting continues] Ruby! Stay back! Is she all right? She got a bit roughed up. She's fine. They seem pretty upset. Why don't you go down there and ask them to leave? You might have to introduce yourself. You haven't been around much. Don't you want to know about the paint? I found the shade of red painted on Ethan Lone Elk. Tuscan red. None of the chain stores could recall any buyers,  but I did get about 20 names  by hitting all the mom-and-pop stores in the county. Mancell's name on that list? Why don't you read it and find out. Branch got a match on the paint and a list of buyers. Mancell's not on that list, but that doesn't mean he didn't already have the paint. We need to cross-check the buyers' names with the list of everyone else that failed Ethan's drug tests. We should probably cross-check with the employees of Newett Energy, as well. Walt : You do that. Meantime, I need to talk to Dolan Lone Elk. He may be a little more forthcoming now he's the FBI's number-one suspect. Dolan's in FBI custody. How are you gonna talk to him? Ask nicely. Where did everybody go? Everybody went home. Nobody left to supervise their training. After Walt questioned her, Lauryn Lone Elk quit. On the bright side, the man is suffering the worst political week of his term. The two biggest job creators in the area are reeling, half the county thinks Walt's cuddling the natives, other half thinks he's in Newett Energy's pocket. With all due respect to Ethan Lone Elk, he couldn't have picked a better time to die. Yeah, well, I still have a job to do. I can't keep my hands clean forever. No, you certainly can't, especially if you actually want to win this thing. Even with all of Walt's sudden political radioactivity, the election's gonna be close. There's got to be a better way to tip this thing in my favor. You know what would help? Dirt on Walt or his family. If you've got any juicy Longmire secrets, now would the time to spill them. This is a closed crime scene, Sheriff. I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Dolan's still in your custody? Mr. Lone Elk is answering some questions. I have a few of my own I'd like to ask him. Such as? I'd like to ask him about some folks on this list ... people his brother denied casino jobs to. See if he knows of anyone making threats against Ethan. So, you want to ask the murder suspect if he thinks you should pin this on someone else? I'll tell you what. Why don't you just let me have that list. I'd be happy to ask Dolan myself. No, I'll hold onto this. If I can't talk to Dolan, I'll just run these names by some of the neighbors. Did you get kicked out? Yeah. What are you doing here? Following up on Mancell Lone Elk. I searched his house... no red paint. So, now I'm hoping to talk to Dolan about his father. Hope you have more luck than I did. Who lives over there? That's Grady Littlefoot and his brothers. Here we go. You here to punish us for exercising our right to free speech? It's a free country. I hear there's another protest at a fracking rig going on right now. Why aren't you there? You have a change of heart? Can't protest every dumb thing the white man does. We wouldn't have time for our better home and gardening. [chuckles] You looking to sell? We were. Then the gas started leaking out of the faucets. Then the neighbor's house blows up. Right now, we could turn this place into the Taj Mahal and nobody would buy it. That's a tough break, especially since you all just got turned down for a job. Names are right here on this list of folks that didn't pass the casino drug test. Must have gotten under your skin. Yeah, we don't snort coke or do meth. But you did fail the drug test. Yeah, for  peyotl ... that's no drug. That's our heritage. So, Ethan Lone Elk wouldn't cut you any slack for observing sacred religious rituals? Ethan was a self-righteous prick. He came back here after 20 years, started driving his white man's car, waving his white man's diploma, showing off his black man's wife. It was like suddenly, he thought he was someone. He'd pull up over to Dolan's place,  and we'd call him over, invite him to a drink, and he would just stand there like he was afraid. So you weren't too heartbroken about what happened to Ethan. Eh, he deserved what happened. White man's company blows up the whitest lndian I ever seen. What do you call that? Poetic justice. I'd call that something else. See, Ethan was dead before that house ignited, and his body was covered in paint. Tuscan red... it matches the stripes on your car. What, are you trying to accuse us of something? I'm still working on it. [Grunts] Here's what I got so far. I think you asked Ethan over for a drink. But this time, you didn't take "no" for an answer. I think you grabbed Ethan and dragged him over here, held him down, and forced booze down his throat and painted him Tuscan red just so he'd remember no matter how many diplomas he had, Ethan would always be a red-skinned drunk. After you forced him to drink himself to death, you took him to his brother's house. You opened the taps, closed the doors, and blew the place to bits to cover up what you'd done ... all because Ethan had made himself into somebody. And you... were still just you. [gun cocks] Unless you want to see if your blood is Tuscan red, I'd think twice about that. [dog barking in distance] You know, I heard that information I gave you about the shade of house paint actually came in handy. Sorry, I forgot to bring you your trophy. Should I step out so you can measure the blinds? So, Walt, how's Cady? Cady's fine. That's funny, 'cause... I don't think she is. I think she's feeling lost and alone. And I think deep down, she's angry  because she put her entire life on hold for you when you needed her. And now that the tables have turned and she needs you, you're too busy being Sheriff to even notice. Not only do you think you'd be a better Sheriff than me, you think you can walk in here and tell me how to be a father? Walt, I know what happened in Denver. No, you don't. If this was just about you and me, you'd be reading it in the paper tomorrow morning. But this isn't just about you and me. So, word of your wife's murder won't leave this room. I can promise you that. But I think you should consider the idea that right now... your daughter might need you more than the county does. [music] [door closes] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 