Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Hassun - Hannibal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Hassun https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=186&t=11348 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/17/14 16:40 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Hassun 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Four of the lures are made from materials including human remains. 
 Kade Purnell, Office of the Inspector General, FBI Oversight. 
 I'm pleading innocent. 
 You'll be found guilty and given the federal death penalty. 
 What defense do you think I have? 
 You had no control of what you were doing, much less 
 remember doing it. 
 (coughing) 
 Betrayal was the only thing that felt real to me. I trusted you. Let me help you. I need your help. (Jack): We investigated your claims about Dr. Lecter. We found nothing. You stood over Cassie Boyle's body in that field and you described yourself to me. (Will): No, I described Hannibal Lecter. (Beverly): You think Will is innocent. I don't know what I think. I think he still wants to save lives. That's what I think. (electricity buzzing) (electricity buzzing) (man): Mr. Graham, it's time. (breathing quickly) (opera music) (opera music) Let me tell you the story of a mild-mannered FBI instructor who was asked to create a psychological profile of a murderer - Garret Jacob Hobbs, the Minnesota Shrike. He killed young women that looked just like his daughter. He killed them and he ate them. Will Graham understood the way Hobbs thought. That's how he caught him. He shot Hobbs dead while he cut his daughter's throat. So, Will Graham was able to save Abigail Hobbs' life. But the profile that he created of her father was so vivid that he couldn't escape it. See. See. And in an unconscious state... he killed four more women. Cassie Boyle. Marissa Schuur. Georgia Madchen. Abigail Hobbs. He was able to save Abigail Hobbs from her father, but he wasn't able to save her from himself. He killed her and he ate her. At the very least, he ate her ear. What happened to the rest of Abigail Hobbs is locked away in the recesses of Will Graham's traumatized mind, or so he would have you believe. Something else you should know about Will Graham: he has remarkable visual memory; he's keenly insightful to the human condition; and... I would argue, the smartest person in this room. He's capable of creating a psychological profile of a completely different kind of murderer. One that would become his alibi. Moment of truth. If I only knew what the truth was. There's nothing wrong with your instincts. My instincts have not yet arrived at conviction. Mine have, with the benefit of no previous involvement and no personal connections to the accused. Meaning I can't be impartial? Of course you can be impartial, but right now you're not. You have to believe something, as long as there is reason and evidence to believe. You've got reason; you've got evidence. Will Graham is playing a game. I understand why that might be hard for you to accept. Do you? It's easier to be a man who missed his friend's suffering than it is to be the head of Behavioral Sciences at the FBI who missed a killer standing right in front of him. There's a reason that you're a witness for the prosecution, Agent Crawford. Remind me what that reason is. If you can't represent your own beliefs, represent the Bureau's. (door opening) (woman): Agent Crawford? Let yourself off the hook, Jack. How did you meet Will Graham? - I met him at the opening of the Evil Minds Research Museum. He didn't agree with what we called it. He told me that the title mythologized banal and cruel men who didn't deserve to be thought of as super-villains. And what was your first impression? He was intelligent. And arrogant. And very likely on the spectrum. Which is why he wasn't real FBI. He didn't pass the screening procedures. Yes. But you felt that he was qualified to work in the field. - Under my supervision. And you believed that he was valuable because he could think like a killer? He could think like anybody. Sounds like a super-villain. Five horrendous murders, over 40 different pieces of forensic and physical evidence that tell us that Will Graham can think like a killer because he is one. Rather than feel tormented by the work he did, Will Graham enjoyed the cover his role at the FBI gave him to commit his terrible crimes. I don't believe that to be true. Agent Crawford? Will hated every second of the work. He hated it. He didn't fake that. He hated it and I kept making him do it. Why then is it that when you offered him an opportunity to quit, he refused? (firmly): Because he was saving lives. I had been warned by more than one person that if I pushed Will, I'd break him. I put those checks and balances in place, then ignored them. And here we are. What does Jack Crawford drink? Whatever it is, I need to send him a very expensive bottle. He said I'm a killer because he drove me insane. No, he paved the road for your defense. Well, he didn't say I'm innocent. Innocence isn't a verdict, Mr. Graham, but "not guilty" is. This isn't law; it's advertising. Advertising trivializes; it, uh, manipulates; it's vulgar. Boo-hoo. So is the law. We have to create desire to find you "not guilty," which is nonexistent in this courtroom right now. We're manipulating people into buying something they don't need. Mr. Brauer? - They don't want your innocence. Thank you. Unconsciousness in a pretty package, that I can sell. If I take the moral high ground with you, I'll get you killed. I think I opened your mail. That was a good and brave thing you did for Will today. It may have cost me my job. The prospect doesn't seem to trouble you as much as I would have thought. Haven't felt better in weeks. (glasses touched) Clarity will do that. Mm. Tell me, Jack. Was your testimony meant to be a resignation? There is something appealing about walking away from all of the noise. I'm... content to let the chips fall. The magic door is always attractive - step through and leave all your burdens behind. I've given my life... to death. And now death has followed you home... come to live in your house. (taking a breath) Bella has kept our bedroom from looking too much like a sickroom. There are flowers, but not too many. You know. She insists that there are no pills in sight. So, I've been thinking about taking her to Italy where we met. We could... She could die there. Jack. You're not sick. You don't have to go into the ground with her. When Bella's lost to you, the FBI could still be there. You're telling me not to commit professional suicide? As a friend, I'm telling you not to force an issue for the short-term emotional satisfaction it can have. (inaudible) ...shrunken capillaries. The ear was cut from a corpse no more than 48 hours ago. Before the trial started. We fumed it all - ear's clean, no prints on either of the envelopes, besides the courier, paralegal, and lawyer. We know Will Graham didn't do it. It wouldn't surprise me. The timing's deliberate. It was choreographed to drop the ear at the beginning of Will's trial. Such a gift has great significance. A gift from who? Will claimed someone else committed the crimes he's accused of. He said that person was you. Perhaps he was half right. Oh, you've gotta be kidding me. It seems you have an admirer. You think someone sent me an ear because they admire me? The boundaries of what's considered normal are getting narrower. Outside those boundaries, this may be intended as a helpful gesture. How far would you go to help me? It hadn't occurred to me to send you an ear. But I'm grateful someone has. Gratitude has a short half-life. So can doubt. I have new thoughts about who you are. There may very well be another killer. (softly): I want there to be. Some part of you still suspects me. I don't know what anyone is capable of anymore, least of all myself. But, um... I know there is no evidence against you. There never was. And accusing you makes me look insane. I'm not insane. Not anymore. And you may not be guilty. This ear you were sent is an opportunity. If someone else is responsible for your crimes, perhaps he now wants to be seen. Why would he want to be seen now? He cares what happens to you. The prosecution calls Freddie Lounds to the stand. I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, nothing but the truth. Could you please describe your relationship with Abigail Hobbs? We were very close. I was helping her write a book about surviving her father. Did you ever discuss Will Graham with Abigail? Abigail told me she believed Will Graham wanted to kill her and cannibalize her like her father wanted to do. She was right. I should've listened to her. Do you blame yourself for her death? I blame Will Graham. Thank you. Your witness. Miss Lounds. Could you please... remind me how many times you've been sued for libel? (quietly): Six. Sorry? Six. Six. And how many times did you settle? Six. Six. Thank you. Nothing further. The defense calls Dr. Alana Bloom. I believe Will's empathy disorder... combined with the effects of viral encephalitis... Do we have to do this like this? I don't want the first time you do this to be in court. Dr. Bloom, weren't you and the accused romantically involved? How is this relevant to the case? It's relevant to your testimony. In that court, your feelings, your emotions, your pro-everything-Will-Graham will be on trial. You get all starey and non-blinky like that, it'll undermine you and me, but mainly him. My testimony is based on my professional-- You are smitten with the accused, Miss Bloom, And it is adorable, but not our brand of defense. And Ms. Vega will smell it on you like you stepped in Young Adult and tracked it into the courtroom. Were you and Will Graham involved romantically? I have no romantic feelings for Will Graham. I have a professional curiosity. I like that. "Professional curiosity." It seems so... heh, it seems so indifferent. Unless you look like you're lying when you say it. But you didn't. (Jack): You've identified the ear? (Brian): We identified the knife that cut it off. It's Will Graham's. The blade matches the cuts on Abigail Hobbs's ear and on this one. It was presented in court as evidence, then it was sent to the courthouse evidence room where it was checked out by the bailiff in Will's trial, Andrew Sykes, and it never went back. Pretty good, right? (quietly): Go. 
 
 (siren) They wanted to give us a warm welcome and to make sure we found something. An arresting piece of theater. Our bailiff was mounted on a stag's head. Glasgow smile. Killer lopped off his ear and set him on fire. Will Graham's greatest hits. Could we have been that wrong? About Will Graham? No. We could not. He practically takes selfies with his victims. The evidence we found was immediate and almost presentational. May as well have been gift-wrapped. That's what Will said about Cassie Boyle when we found her in that field. "Field kabuki." There was no evidence before Will was apprehended and there hasn't been any since. He ate a girl's ear! It was in his stomach. God knows what else of her was in there. We should've taken a stool sample. Yes! We should have. Well, why didn't we? I was the one that said we should have. Knock it off. What impact could this have on Will's trial? This murder raises serious doubts about the case against Will Graham. Your team provided the evidence. The overwhelming evidence. So you understand the significance of my questioning it. Agent Crawford, we all heard your testimony. Are you sure you're not just trying to assuage your own guilt? Yes, I'm sure. I'm not. Andrew Sykes was mutilated in the exact same manner Will Graham allegedly mutilated his victims - ways that have not been made public. - Will Graham isn't saying he didn't kill those people. His lawyer is running an unconsciousness defense. In effect, he's admitting the acts, but just not the responsibility. Will's maintained his innocence all along, in spite of memory gaps. Whatever Mr. Brauer's strategy is, this will offer a new line of defense. That's for Mr. Brauer to tell me, Agent Crawford, not you. Yes, Your Honor. (Chilton): Will Graham manifests publicly as an introverted personality. He would like us to believe he places on the spectrum somewhere near Asperger's and autism. Yet he also claims an empathy disorder. You choose your words very carefully, Dr. Chilton. You chose the word "claims." Will Graham has never been diagnosed. He will not allow anyone to test him. He has carefully constructed a persona to hide his real nature from the world. He wears it so well even Jack Crawford could not see past it. (Vega): But you did? Mr. Graham and I had no personal relationship for him to manipulate. I have objectively examined him and the crimes of which he is accused. These murders were measured and controlled. The confused man Will Graham presents to the world could not commit those crimes, because that man is a fiction. So, you discount the encephalitis he was suffering as a cause? He managed his illness with the help of his neurologist, whom he murdered for his trouble. Is Will Graham an intelligent psychopath? There is not yet a name for whatever Will Graham is. He kills methodically, and I believe would kill again, given the opportunity. Thank you, Dr. Chilton. Your witness. Dr. Chilton, Will Graham spent his time catching murderers for the FBI. You don't see a contradiction between that and your description of a coldblooded killer? No, I do not. Will Graham is driven by vanity and his own whims. He has a very high opinion of his intelligence. Ergo, he caught the other killers simply to prove he was smarter than all of them too. Saving lives is just as arousing as ending them. He likes to play God. (keypad beeping) (door buzzer) My admirer? Yes. The forensic report from the crime scene. What do you see? (soft ambient pulse) (steady heartbeat) (door opening and closing) I shoot Mr. Sykes once, collapsing lungs, tearing through his heart's aorta and pulmonary arteries. (silenced gunshot) He will die believing we were friends. It is his last thought. (panting) His death isn't personal. He is merely the ink from which flows my poem. My tribute. This is my design. It's not the same killer. He murdered his victim first, and then mutilated him. Cassie Boyle's lungs were removed when she was still breathing. Georgia Madchen was burned alive. What I... what... what I found of Abigail was cut off while her heart was beating. Then this... is blunt reproduction? You knew that already. Would've liked to have been wrong. Occam's broom. You intentionally ignored facts that refute your argument hoping nobody'd notice. You noticed. Mm-hmm. I wanted to dispel your doubts once and for all. My doubts about what? Me. I want you to believe in the best of me, just as I believe in the best of you. This crime offered us both reasonable doubt. It offered us a distraction. Maybe this acolyte is giving you your path to freedom. Even Jack is ready to believe, Will. It would be a lie. I don't want you to be here. I don't want me to be here either. Then you have a choice. This killer wrote you a poem. Are you going to let his love go to waste? I'm confused. You're going to abandon your defense strategy, the entire case you've built, mid-trial. Exciting, isn't it? And this seems reasonable to you? It's not only reasonable; it's fashionable. There's a killer on the loose, demonstrating all the hallmarks of Will Graham's alleged murders. Do you think this killer committed the crimes that you're accused of? Don't answer that, not in front of me. It's inconsequential. But is it true? - You're being awfully high and mighty, Dr. Bloom. Very ivory tower, very reductive. Very far from the point, which is the exoneration of your friend Will Graham. And the point you're trying to make is reasonable doubt. That's a win, yes. The best you can hope for is mistrial. That's also a win. You won't be able to plead unconsciousness again. Your fast, triumphant diagnosis of unconsciousness was the best play we had. Now we have a better play. Needless to say, I won't be calling you to the witness stand. Who's taking the stand in my place? I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God. Good morning, Doctor. Please describe your relationship with Will Graham. I was asked by Jack Crawford to monitor Will's emotional well-being while he worked on cases. I was never officially his psychiatrist. If you weren't his psychiatrist, what were you? I was meant to be his stability. I failed him in that. How did you fail him? I was unable to determine if Will's condition was due to mental illness or stress from his work at the FBI. My mistake was never considering his innocence until the murder of a bailiff from this courthouse. And how did you know about that, Dr. Lecter? I have been asked to consult on the case by Jack Crawford. He wanted a profile of the bailiff's killer. So, you believe the bailiff's murder was committed by the same person guilty of Will Graham's alleged crimes, yes? Profiles aren't evidence; they're opinion. This is hearsay. I will allow it. Thank you, Your Honor. I believe there are alarming similarities in the crimes, yes. Will Graham accused you of the crimes for which he now stands trial, and yet here you are, testifying on his behalf for the defense. Will rightfully couldn't accept these actions to be his. A mind faced with the possibility of committing such deeds will find an alternative reality to believe in. You don't blame him for that? No. Will Graham is and will always be my friend. Your witness. Dr. Lecter, what was the cause of death in the bailiff's murder? A bullet to the heart. Mm. And in Will Graham's victims, or alleged victims, what was their cause of death? Mutilation. That's very different from a bullet. No two crimes of any killer are going to be exactly the same. The similarities-- - Your Honor, the witness's personal beliefs and biases are driving his conclusions. There are clearly two different killers and two different cases. Your Honor, there are sufficient similarities to consider this a defense. I'm ruling this defense inadmissible, Mr. Brauer. Thank you, Your Honor. (judge): All previous testimony on the matter will be stricken from the record. ♪ (classical piano) (Jack): So, it appears that the judge was murdered in his chambers and then he was hauled out here to be put on display. Not only is justice blind; it's mindless and heartless. How did the killer get so close? No sign of a struggle. Mutilation was post-mortem. He was shot in the chest just like the bailiff. Can't see the, uh, entry wound because he removed the heart. But there is an exit wound. No slug must have taken it with him. A trophy. Doctor. With this judge's death, there will be no verdict. No ending. It'll start again, like the trial never happened. But why? Psychopathic violence is predominantly goal-oriented, a means to a very particular end. So, the killer wanted a mistrial? It's an elegant, if rather unorthodox, solution. He spares Will a guilty verdict and his life for the moment. Yes. The question is, is it the same killer? Is Will still on trial, in your mind? The use of a gun; death first, mutilation last. I feel like St. Peter ready to deny Will for the third time. I'm not sure this is the same killer, Jack. Excuse me. The killer exerted careful control of the environment. He left very little evidence behind. Jeez, Jack. The trial was supposed to put an end to this. Instead, the circus has just added another ring. And we're the clowns. Who's "we," Jack? I got off track. You have to force yourself out of this train of thought. The trial was going wrong before this murder. The trial was going wrong because you wanted to believe Will Graham. Who is he to you that makes you want to risk everything for him? A very cogent reminder of the pitfalls of having faith in one's fellow man, thank you. Everyone at one point or another has to leave somebody behind. You've got to cut him loose. Otherwise, the someone being left behind, today or tomorrow... is gonna be you. (door buzzer) (door opening) (footsteps) (footsteps) (footsteps) (Hannibal): Will. I was hoping the verdict would have helped focus your mind to get better; make what happened to you less terrifying and confusing. I can't exactly blame your lawyer. Faith in any sort of legal justice has never been any more comforting than a nightlight. There are so many miscarriages of justice when it comes to identifying a psychopath. You could easily have been misdiagnosed. I've already been misdiagnosed. Not by the court. No. Not yet. I walked out of that courtroom, and I could hear my blood, like, uh... a hollow drumming of wings. And I had the... absurd feeling that whoever this killer is... he walked out of that courtroom with me. He's gonna reach out to me. What does he want? He wants to know me. What do you want? I want to save you. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 