Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Futamono - Hannibal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Futamono https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=186&t=11340 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/07/14 20:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Futamono 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Hannibal... 
 Do not discuss me with Hannibal Lecter. I brought Gideon back because I thought he may be useful in Will Graham's therapy. I'm going to give you a chance to save Will from himself. Who does he want to kill, doctor? I want you to kill Hannibal Lecter. (Hannibal): Will Graham is not a murderer. He asked you to do this. (Gunshot) (Jack): Get an ambulance! (Harpsichord music) You're moving smoothly and slowly, Jack. Carrying your concentration like a brimming cup. Hannibal Lecter was almost murdered... by an employee of this hospital. An attendant who we believe is the person that... killed the bailiff and the judge at your murder trial. He killed the bailiff, he didn't kill the judge. That was the Chesapeake Ripper. You know this? He told me. Then you told him to kill Hannibal. Nothing I said made that happen, Jack. It just happened. It just happened. You don't seem to be too broken up about it. There's a common emotion we all recognize and have not yet named. The happy anticipation of being able to feel contempt. You feel contempt for Hannibal? Well, I have contempt for the ripper. I have contempt for what he does. And what does he do? What does he do? What is the first and principal thing he does? What need does he serve by killing? He harvests organs. No, that's only the action of what he does. Why does he need to do it? The ripper kills in sounders of three or four in quick order. Do you know why? I know why. Then tell me. Because if he waits too long, then the meat spoils. He's eating them? Hannibal is like Garrett Jacob Hobbs? A cannibal? No, not like Garrett Jacob Hobbs. Hobbs ate his victims to honor them; the ripper eats his victims because they're no better to him than pigs. With the exception of Beverly Katz, there is no connection between Hannibal and any ripper victims. No immediate connection. Hannibal Lecter is not the Chesapeake Ripper. If the ripper's killing, you can bet Hannibal Lecter's planning a dinner party. You and I probably sipped wine while swallowing the people to whom we were trying to give justice, Jack. Who does he have to kill before you open your eyes? A remarkably lean organ, the heart, yet such a potent symbol of life... and the things that make us human. Good and bad, love and ache. All of them skewered. It's a thematic dish. (Piano music playing) My heart certainly feels skewered. You have the scars to prove it. It feels as if that noose is still around my neck. Strange having nightmares; I never used to. Don't make the same mistake I've made; being your own psychiatrist. I'm always assessing my feelings instead of acting on them. It's the safest course. You have to find a way to deal with what happened to you. I'm metabolizing the experience by composing a new piece of music. Harpsichord or Theremin? Harpsichord. Stravinsky said a true composer thinks about his unfinished work the whole time. He's not always conscious of this, but he's aware of it when he suddenly knows what to do. And do you know what to do? I need to get my appetite back. What do we got? He's literally grafted in place. These are living roots. He's got varicose vines. Threaded through, uh, from his heels, under his legs, his back, through his torso, out his fingertips. Followed some pretty tricky endoscopic surgical paths. Chesapeake ripper usually cherry-picks his organs. He took almost all of them; Everything but the lungs. The time that he devotes to his work... He really takes pride. Belladonna for the heart. Chain of white oleander for the intestines. Ragwort for the liver. These flowers are all poisonous. Yes. This is a judgment. The ripper believes that his victim was... Toxic somehow, a poisonous man. He's so damn certain he makes me sick. There is a pattern taking shape. I just have to convince my eyes to see it. I've convinced myself of something I had refused to see for a long time. And it only took Will Graham trying to kill you to see it? Yes. I can't help Will. I can't trust him. He's in a dark place where the shadows move and it's not safe to stand with him anymore. I feel the same way. We, um... (Clearing his throat) Found another ripper victim... I'm sorry, Jack. I can't. Not only do I have to let Will go; I have to let this all go. I nearly died. I would have, if it weren't for you. I'm sorry, but I can't dwell on death anymore. I don't blame you. We both have to transform our misfortunes into life enhancing events. Well, when you figure out how to do that, do let me know. I'm going to start by hosting a dinner party. And please tell me you'll come. I wouldn't miss it. (Glasses touching) (Will): You should've let him die. Shoulda, coulda, woulda. He's gonna kill you, you know. Can't get me in here. No, here is exactly where he'll get you, Abel. The moment I convinced the chief of staff to put you in a cell next to me, you were stamped with an expiration date. Anyone who gets too close gets got. He's the devil, remember? Smoke. I'd be very nervous if I was Dr. Chilton. He's getting close too. The only way you and Frederick are gonna get out of this alive is if the Chesapeake ripper is stopped. Hannibal Lecter deserves to die. You didn't bring me here to help you kill Hannibal Lecter. No, I didn't; I brought you here to bear witness. To tell Jack Crawford that I sat in Hannibal Lecter's cobalt blue dining room, an ostentatious herb garden with leda and the swan over the fireplace and you having a fit in the corner. That's where I asked him if he was the Chesapeake Ripper, and he avoided the question and suggested I kill Alana Bloom. Yes. Tell Jack that. I'll tell Jack Crawford everything if you tell me why Hannibal did it. Because he wanted to see what would happen. That's where I asked him if he was the Chesapeake Ripper and he avoided the question and suggested I kill Alana Bloom. Abel Gideon is a lunatic. He is psychotic, not psychic. We know that Gideon has a history of being susceptible to suggestion. The simplest explanation as to why he can describe Hannibal Lecter's home is that he was in Hannibal Lecter's home. Will Graham could've given him the details. No such details were given. There has not been a word exchanged between those two men in my hospital that I have not heard. Then you're aware what Will is accusing Hannibal Lecter of. Oh, yes. I am aware. And I am grateful that I have trouble digesting animal proteins, as the last meals I have shared with Hannibal Lecter have all been salads. Do you believe him? Hannibal once served me tongue and then made a joke about eating mine. It would be narrow to not at least consider it. Will is delusional. He would like to reinforce his delusion with you, with me, with Abel Gideon. That doesn't mean he is not right. No, it doesn't. The Chesapeake Ripper is killing again... And Hannibal Lecter is throwing a dinner party. Jack, he fits the profile. He is attracted to medical and psychological fields because they offer power over man. Cannibalism... cannibalism is an act of dominance. His name's Sheldon Isley! A Baltimore city councilman! Ripper's a politician now! At least a conservationist. Five, six years ago, Isley brokered a woodlands development deal despite the disapproval of the epa. So the councilman paved paradise and put up a parking lot. Well, what he paved was an important nesting habitat for endangered songbirds. The son of a bitch. He was wearing this as a crown. Autopsy report gave us what you'd expect from the Chesapeake Ripper. Pre-mortem surgical dissection, latex glove impressions, body was posed before rigor set in. What did the lungs cough up? Water. The councilman was drowned, lungs filled with aspirated water. He was standing in water up to his thighs for 48 to 72 hours before he died. To feed the tree. Possibly. Now, here's the exciting part. Tree man actually bears fruit. Diatoms. Unicellular colonies. Good as fingerprints. No two water sources have the same diatom population. Water in the lungs gives us location of death. Show me. Here, in a 50 mile radius. (Birds singing) My head is filled with conspiracies. Too many versions of events he said she said. He said she said he said. It's just maddening. In my experience, that means a lot of people are lying about a lot of different things. Well, the one thing I have clarity on is Will Graham tried to kill Hannibal. And thinks it was a righteous act. Well, that says more about Will than it does about Hannibal. Hannibal's been a teacher, a mentor, and a friend. I've known him before you or Will or any of this. I don't claim to know anyone. I look at these dogs, I see the best part of Will. But he's lying. He's manipulating. He's playing a game and he's not scared, not anymore. That's what's making him dangerous. 
 
 Hello, Dr. Lecter. I feel like I've been watching our friendship on a split screen. The friendship I perceived on one side and the truth on the other. It's a terrible feeling, isn't it? You've been lying to me, Will. Well, I... I don't have a gauge for reality that works well enough to know if I've been lying. But you understand the reality of Beverly Katz's death. You understand your role in that. What was my role? Beverly died at your behest. You are as angry with yourself as you are with whoever murdered her. Actually... I am singularly angry with whoever murdered her. You tried to kill me, Will. It's hard not to take that personally. However, if I were Beverly's murderer... I'd applaud your effort. Oh, I'm no more guilty of what you've accused me of than you are of what I've accused you of. I don't expect you to feel self-loathing or regret, or shame. You knew what you were doing, and you made your own decisions, decisions that were under your control. Oh, you think I'm in control? I think you are more in control now than you have ever been. You found a way to hurt me. I wonder how many more people are going to get hurt by what you do. I'll give Alana Bloom your best. Goodbye, Will. (Door buzzer) So, it seems all the king's horses and all the king's men could indeed put humpty together again. Is everything back where I found it? With one or two exceptions. I know people who consider me autocratic. I'm not the most loved of administrators, but that nurse you murdered, she was well liked. And so were the attendants you killed. There is nothing like grief and trauma to pull people together. Jack Crawford would like to have a word with you. I trust you will behave yourself, Abel. I'm sure you and Frederick have had many a conversation about my bad behavior, Jack. How does he describe me? A pure sociopath, by the book. Is that by your book, Frederick? Yes. I'd just like to point out that the word "sociopath" has not been used by any respected psychiatrist since 1968. Dr. Gideon, do you have any information about the Chesapeake Ripper, or not? Down to brass tacks. You told Will Graham that you were in Dr. Lecter's home. Why were you there? I have never set foot in Dr. Lecter's home. I only met the man a week ago. However, Dr. Chilton was kind enough to share the details of his dining room. Why would he do that? Yes, why would he do that? Will Graham is very keen to believe that Hannibal Lecter is the Chesapeake Ripper. Dr. Chilton did very little to disavow him of that notion, and encouraged me to do the same. I apologize, Agent Crawford, for wasting your time. It's not your actions and betrayal that I resent, Dr. Chilton; It's just the lies. Mm-hmm. I'll walk you out. Thank you. Dr. Chilton hired a nurse who's had experience in mental hospitals, but not as an employee. That nurse attempted to murder Hannibal Lecter, and you blame Will Graham. You got the right box there, Jack, but you're looking in the wrong corner. All the coiled resentment in this place, it's gotta be bad for the digestion. You know that poor Nurse Shell that I murdered? I know she's seen as some kind of beloved sister, but wasn't she also kind of a good time girl with a beer or two inside her? I asked her if she had eyes for me, and she said no. So I had to take 'em. Prosciutto roses. Heart tartare. Beef roulade. Whatever this is. Needless to say, I will not be eating the food. Nice to see you again, Dr. Chilton. Hm. Hannibal the cannibal. That is what they'll call him, you know. Not according to Abel Gideon. Gideon has given me enough trouble for one day. The fact that he lied to you makes me even more certain he was telling Will Graham the truth. Why did you come here tonight if you're so convinced? Darwinism. I do not want him to think I suspect anything. I really shouldn't be seen speaking to you. I don't want to be perceived as a threat. Jack. I'm so happy you're here. After all, you are the guest of honor. You saved my life. Unfortunately, my friend, I can't stay. Um... ooh. I would love to take some food to go, if that's all right. Of course. I'll get one of the staff to get you something from the kitchen. No, no. That's all right. Just, uh, bring me a container and I'll serve myself from here. Um, with your permission, of course, Dr. Lecter. Hello, Jack. Hello, Alana. I do have your permission, Dr. Lecter? Help yourself. Thank you. Eat it soon or it'll spoil. Thank you. Good evening. Good evening. Z. Test this. (Playing "chopsticks") Well, the ending to my composition has been eluding me, but you may just have solved that problem with "chopsticks." If only every problem could be solved with a simple waltz. Jack's treating you like a suspect. Pointing fingers in the dark. I've walked away from Will, but I'm still trailing his accusations. I've walked away too. I can't forgive Will for what he did to you. I just want to walk away from all of it. What does walking away leave us? Each other. (Door opening) Hello, Dr. Gideon. Put the heart monitor on the guard so no one knew Gideon was missing, at least as long as it took for the guard to die, which wasn't long. It was long enough. He was strung up with fish hooks. Hand-tied flies, just like Will Graham used to make. This one has a human hair in it, and a tooth. Jack, there is no way Gideon could've done any of this with the injuries he had, much less get out of bed. Well, the last time Gideon escaped custody, he went looking for the Chesapeake Ripper. He found him, all right. Last night... The ripper found Gideon. You're awake. So are you. I was thinking about funerals, and how often they make us want s*x. It's one in the eye for death. Not that... this wasn't... funeral s*x or... Of course it was. We both just buried a friend. We buried Will. There's something liberating about finally letting him go. Yes. There is. We have a lot of reasons to do this; not just funeral reasons. (Doorbell) Last time someone rang my doorbell this early, it was a census taker. (Doorbell) I'll see who it is. Jack. Hannibal. What can I do for you? We need to talk. Abel Gideon fell down a stairwell last night. He was hospitalized. The security guard standing watch has been killed in what appears to be another Chesapeake Ripper murder. Gideon is nowhere to be found. He escaped? We know he didn't leave the hospital on his own. His back was broken. He was taken by someone... Someone who knew him. Where were you last night? I was here. All night? Yes. Anyone other than yourself that can verify that? I can. I was with Hannibal all night, Jack. What are you accusing him of? I'm not accusing him of anything; Only asking his whereabouts. That's not all you're asking. Rôti de cuisse. Clay-roasted thigh. And canoe-cut marrow bone. (Classical music playing) I love cooking with Clay. It creates a more succulent dish and adds a little theatricality to dinner. We come from Clay, return to Clay. Shall I carve? I think you already have. Your legs are no good to you anymore. You've got a T-4 fracture of the vertebra. This is a far more practical use for those limbs. Hard to have anything, isn't it, Dr. Lecter? Rare to get it, hard to keep it. A damn slippery life. You were determined to know the Chesapeake Ripper, Dr. Gideon. Now is your opportunity. You intend me to be my own last supper? Yes. How does one politely refuse a dish in circumstances such as these? One doesn't. The tragedy is not to die, Abel, but to be wasted. My compliments to the chef. Goose, pig, cow. Not just cow; wagyu beef. There's about $100 worth right there. How do you know it's not kobe? Well, all kobe is wagyu; Not all wagyu is kobe. Ok. Well, at least we know Dr. Lecter wasn't serving up people. You want people? The Chesapeake Ripper has been tying flies with them, just like Will Graham allegedly did. Hair woven into the mono filaments is Beverly's; bone fragments of Miriam Lass; veining from Sheldon Isley, uh, optical nerve and arteries from Judge Davies, and a toenail from James Gray, our muralist. All victims of the Chesapeake Ripper. These four lures are almost identical to what we found in Will's house, made with material from the exact same human remains: Abigail Hobbs, Donald Sutcliffe, Marissa Schuur, Georgia Madchen. Will didn't kill any of these people. There was no copycat, never was. It was always the ripper. Finally taking credit for all of his murders. Maybe too much credit. Found something else in the lures. Madrona Bark. A tree almost non existent on the east coast, but this bark was peeled recently. There's a small stand of Madrona Bark in Virginia. Inside your diatom search area? Yep. Here. ♪ (Hannibal's harpsichord piece) ♪ Miriam. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 