Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Potage - Hannibal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Potage https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=186&t=11341 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/21/13 17:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Potage 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Hannibal... 
 Can you tell me what that man is doing over there? 
 He's some kind of special consultant for the FBI. 
 I asked you to get close to the Hobbs thing. 
 I need to know you didn't get too close. 
 What you need is a way out of dark places when Jack sends you there. 
 Last time he sent me into a dark place, I brought something back. 
 A surrogate daughter? 
 Abigail Hobbs is a suspect? 
 She would make the ideal bait. Wouldn't she? 
 Just a second. Dad? 
 It's for you. 
 Hello? 
 They know. 
 (Birds chirping) 
 (Cicadas buzzing) 
 Mr. Hobbs : Easy, Abigail. You should wait for your shot. 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Soft thud) 
 Abigail : Ready? Three, two, one. 
 
 Abigail : She was so pretty. 
 Mr. Hobbs : She  is  so pretty. 
 Abigail : Aren't deer supposed to be complex, emotional creatures? 
 Mr. Hobbs : Yeah...  
 Abigail : I read they're like the equivalent of a four-year-old human. 
 Mr. Hobbs : They're smarter than a four-year-old. 
 Abigail : And they care about each other. They care about their environment. They tread lightly through the underbrush because they don't want to hurt the plants. 
 Mr. Hobbs : They're a lot like us. And we're gonna honor every part of her. Her hide is gonna make a beautiful rug. Her leg bones we can carve into knives. None of her is gonna go to waste. Just like we talked about. Start at the sternum. Keep the blade pointed up. Damage the organs, you ruin the meat. 
 (Blood spilling) 
 Abigail : I don't know how I'm gonna feel about eating her after all this. 
 Mr. Hobbs : Eating her is honoring her. Otherwise, it's it's just murder. 
 Abigail : Ok. 
 Mr. Hobbs : Nice and easy. Big breath. Good...  
 (Blood spilling) 
 (Monitors beeping) 
 (Muffled whimpering and coughing) 
 (Dog barking) 
 Alana : Morning! 
 Will : Didn't hear you drive up. 
 Alana : Hybrid. Great car for stalking. 
 Will : Um, I'm compelled to go cover myself. 
 Alana : I have brothers. 
 Will : Well, I'll put a robe on just the same. You want a cup of coffee? And more immediately, why are you here? 
 Alana : Yes, and Abigail Hobbs woke up. 
 Will : Well, you know how to bury the lead. 
 Alana : You want me to get you a cup of coffee? 
 Will : No. I want to get my coat. 
 Alana : Let's have a cup of coffee. 
 
 (Ringing) 
 (Cell phone vibrating) 
 Will : Is he gonna keep calling? 
 Alana : Jack wants you to go see her. 
 Will : And you don't. 
 Alana : Eventually. Jack thinks Abigail was an accomplice to her father's crimes. I don't want to get in the middle of you and Jack, but if I can be helpful to you as a buffer- 
 Will : I-I like you as a buffer. I also like the fact that you rattle Jack. He respects you far too much to yell at you, no matter... how much he wants to. 
 Alana : And I take advantage of that. 
 Will : Abigail Hobbs doesn't have anyone. 
 Alana : You can't be her everyone. When I said what I was going to say in my head, it sounded really insulting, so I'm going to find another way to say it. 
 Will : Say it the insulting way. 
 Alana : Dogs keep a promise a person can't. 
 Will : I'm not collecting another stray. 
 Alana : The first person Abigail talks to about what happened can't be anyone who was there when it happened. So that means no Dr. Lecter either. 
 Will : Yeah, much less the guy who killed dad. Jack's wrong about Abigail. 
 Alana : Let me reach out to her in my own way. 
 
 Alana : Hi. I'm Alana Bloom. 
 Abigail : Are... you a doctor? 
 Alana : Not medicine. I'm a psychiatrist. 
 Abigail : What do you specialize in? 
 Alana : Among other things, family trauma. 
 Abigail : I asked the nurses if my parents were dead, and they wouldn't tell me. Said I had to wait for you. 
 Alana : I'm sorry you had to wait. 
 Abigail : I know they're dead. Who buried them? 
 Alana : They haven't been buried. 
 Abigail : Don't you think they should be? 
 Alana : Your mother was cremated per the instructions in her living will. 
 Abigail : (clears her throat) My dad? 
 Alana : Your father is more complicated. 
 Abigail : Because he was crazy? 
 Alana : The nurses said you didn't remember. 
 Abigail : I remember. I just didn't want to talk to them about it. I want to sell the house. I guess it's mine now. I can use the money for college, get an apartment. What are all those? 
 Alana : I brought you some clothes. Thought a change might feel good. I guessed your size, so anything you don't want, leave the tags on, I'll bring it back. And I brought you some music too. 
 Abigail : Your music? 
 Alana : If there isn't anything you like, I've got a stack of iTunes gift cards. I I've got a stack of gift cards. I don't do well redeeming gift cards. 
 Abigail : Probably says something about you. 
 Alana : Probably does. 
 
 Hannibal : I got seven families waiting. 
 Jack : No, let me rephrase: Demanding that we find whatever's left of their daughters. Abigail Hobbs may be the only person who knows the truth. 
 Alana : You can't ask her right now, Jack. We have to create a safe place for her first or you won't get any answers. 
 Jack : I respect your sympathy for her, Dr. Bloom. I hope one day you'll appreciate my lack of it. 
 Alana : You really think Abigail Hobbs helped her father kill those girls? 
 Jack : I think it's a possibility that needs to be ruled out. If Abigail didn't help her father, maybe she knows who did. 
 Hannibal : How was she when you saw her? 
 Alana : Surprisingly practical. 
 Jack : Suspiciously practical? 
 Hannibal : I would suggest you can be practical without being a murderer. 
 Alana : I think she's hiding something. 
 Hannibal : It may simply be her trauma. 
 Alana : Yeah, it could also be more. She has a penchant for manipulation. Withheld information to gain information. She demonstrated only enough emotions - to prove she had them. 
 Jack : You beginning to appreciate my lack of sympathy? 
 Hannibal : You said it may be more than trauma yet you question her involvement in the murders the father committed. 
 Alana : What I'm questioning is her state of mind. 
 Jack : I want Will Graham to talk to her. 
 Alana : Jack! Not yet! 
 Jack : You are not Will Graham's psychiatrist, Dr. Bloom. Dr. Lecter is. 
 
 Will : Garrett Jacob Hobbs the, uh, Minnesota shrike, abducted and murdered eight girls over an eight month period. Each of them had the same hair color, same eye color, same age, same height, same weight as his daughter Abigail. There was a ninth victim who also fit Abigail Hobbs's profile, but Garrett Jacob Hobbs didn't murder her. The killer who did wanted us to know he wasn't the Minnesota shrike. He was better than that. He is an intelligent psychopath. He is a sadist. He will never kill like this again. So how do we catch him? 
 Hannibal : Giving a lecture on Hobbs's copycat? 
 Jack : Well, we need whatever good minds we can get on this. 
 Will : This copycat is an avid reader of Freddie Lounds and tattlecrime.com. He had intimate knowledge of Garrett Jacob Hobbs's murders, motives, patterns enough to recreate them and, arguably, elevate them to art. How intimately did he know Garrett Jacob Hobbs? Did he appreciate him from afar or did he engage him? Did he ingratiate himself into Hobbs's life? Did Hobbs know his copycat as he was known? Before Garrett Jacob Hobbs murdered his wife and attempted to do the same to his daughter, he received an untraceable call. I believe the as-yet unidentified caller was our copycat killer. 
 
 Abigail : So you're not a doctor, a nurse, or a psychiatrist. 
 Freddie : I'm a journalist. I want to tell the truth. Your truth. Sometimes that involves some deception, but know this: I will never lie to you. 
 Abigail : Sounds like something a liar would say. 
 Freddie : If you tell me what you know, I can help you fill in the blanks. 
 Abigail : How about you tell me what you know? 
 Freddie : Your dad was the Minnesota shrike. Your mother wasn't the first person your father killed. He killed eight girls. Eight girls that looked- 
 Abigail : Just like me. 
 Yes. 
 Abigail : Why do they call him the shrike? 
 Freddie : It's a bird that impales its prey, harvests the organs to eat later. He was very sick. 
 Abigail : Does that mean I'm sick too? 
 Freddie : You'll be fighting that perception. Perception is the most important thing in your life right now. 
 Abigail : I don't care what anybody thinks. 
 Freddie : You'd better start caring, Abigail. What you remember, what you tell everyone is going to define the rest of your life. Let me help you. 
 Abigail : How did they catch him? 
 Freddie : A man named Will Graham. Works for the FBI but isn't FBI. He captures insane men because he can think like them. Because he is insane. 
 Will : Would you excuse us, please? Special Agent Will Graham. 
 Freddie : By Special Agent he means not really an agent. He didn't get past the screening process. Too unstable. 
 Hannibal : I really must insist you leave the room. 
 Freddie : If you wanna talk. 
 
 Will : Abigail, this is Dr. Lecter. Do you remember us? 
 Abigail : I remember you. You killed my dad. 
 Hannibal : You've been in bed for days, Abigail. Why don't we have a walk? 
 
 Will : I'm sorry we couldn't save your mother. We did everything we could but she was already gone. 
 Abigail : I know. I saw him kill her. He was loving right up until the second he wasn't. Kept telling me he was sorry, to just hold still. He was gonna make it all go away. 
 Will : There was plenty wrong with your father, Abigail, but there's nothing wrong with you. You say he was loving. I believe it. That's what you brought out in him. 
 Abigail : It's not all I brought out in him. I'm gonna be messed up. Aren't I? I'm worried about nightmares. 
 Hannibal : We'll help you with the nightmares. 
 Will : There's no such thing as getting used to what you experienced. It bothers me a lot. I worry about nightmares too. 
 Abigail : So killing somebody, even if you have to do it, it feels that bad? 
 Will : It's the ugliest thing in the world. 
 Abigail : I wanna go home. 
 
 Freddie : Special Agent Graham. I never formally introduced myself. I'm Freddie Lounds. 
 Will : Are you trying to salvage this joke from the mouth of madness? 
 Freddie : Please. Let me apologize for my behavior in there. It was sloppy and misguided - and hurtful. 
 Hannibal : Miss Lounds. Now is not the time. 
 Freddie : Look, you and I may have our own reasons for being here, but I also think we both genuinely care about what happens to Abigail Hobbs. 
 Will : You told her I was insane. 
 Freddie : I can undo that. 
 Will : You help Abigail see me as more than her father's killer and I help you with online ad sales? 
 Freddie : I can undo what I said. I can also make it a lot worse. 
 Will : Miss Lounds It's not very smart to piss off a guy who thinks about killing people for a living. 
 
 Jack : "It isn't very smart to piss off a guy who thinks about killing people for a living." You know what else isn't very smart? You were there with him. And you let those words come out of his mouth. 
 Hannibal : I trust Will to speak for himself. 
 Jack : Evidently you shouldn't. 
 Alana : I'm just happy the story wasn't about Abigail Hobbs. 
 Jack : Well, then it's a victory. (Sighing) So, Abigail Hobbs wants to go home. Let's take her home. 
 Alana : What Abigail wants and what she needs are different things. Taking her out of a controlled environment would be reckless. 
 Jack : You said she was practical. 
 Will : That could just mean she has a dissociative disorder. 
 Alana : You take her home, she may experience intense emotions, respond aggressively, or re-enact some aspect of the traumatic event without even realizing it. 
 Jack : Where do you weigh in on this, doctor? 
 Hannibal : Dr. Bloom is right. But there is a scenario where revisiting the trauma event could help Abigail heal and actually prevent denial. 
 Jack : Then we have a difference of opinion. Therefore, I am going to choose the opinion that best serves my agenda. I need to know if you're right about the copycat, Will. 
 Alana : We have no way of knowing what's waiting for her when she goes home. 
 
 Freddie : Thanks again for meeting with me. I know this hasn't been easy for you. 
 Nicholas : Oh yeah? How would you know? 
 Freddie : I've been writing about Garrettt Jacob Hobbs. I've spoken to the relatives of some of his other victims. 
 Nicholas : Hobbs is dead. He deserved a lot worse. Him and his whole family. 
 Freddie : There must be some small comfort knowing that justice was served. 
 Nicholas : Comfort? My sister was impaled on a severed stag head, cut down the middle. He pulled out her lungs while she was still breathing. There's no comfort in that. 
 Freddie : I'm sorry. I am. But you have to try not to remember her that way. 
 Nicholas : What do you want from me? 
 Freddie : I just thought you should know Abigail Hobbs came out of her coma. 
 
 
 
 
 Abigail : This is where my mom died? 
 Will : Yes. 
 Abigail : I was sort of expecting a body outline in chalk or tape. 
 Will : They only do that if you're still alive and taken to the hospital before they finish the crime scene. 
 Abigail : Goodbye, mom. 
 
 Alana : If you ever wanna go, you just have to say so and we'll go. 
 Abigail : Go where? The hospital? For now? They turned all the pictures around. 
 Alana : Crime scene cleaners will do that. 
 Abigail : They did a really good job. Is that where all my blood was? 
 Will : Yes. 
 Abigail : You do this a lot? Go places and think about killing? 
 Will : Too often. 
 Abigail : So you pretended to be my dad. 
 Will : And people like your dad. 
 Abigail : What did it feel like? To be him? 
 Will : It feels like I'm talking to his shadow suspended on dust. 
 Abigail : No wonder you have nightmares. 
 Will : The attacks on you and your mother were different. They were desperate. Your dad knew he was out of time. Somebody told him we were coming. 
 Abigail : The man on the phone? 
 Will : It was a blocked call. Did you recognize his voice? 
 Abigail : I had never heard it before. 
 Alana : Was there anybody new in your father's life? Someone you met or someone he talked about? 
 Will : Abigail, he may have been contacted by another killer. A copycat. 
 Abigail : Someone who's still out there? 
 Will : Yeah...  
 . 
 Abigail : Can you catch somebody's crazy? 
 Alana : Folie à deux. 
 Abigail : What? 
 Alana : It's a French psychiatric term. Madness shared by two. 
 (Sound of heart beating) 
 Hannibal : One cannot be delusional if the belief in question is accepted as ordinary by others in that person's culture or subculture. Or family. 
 Abigail : My dad didn't seem delusional. He was a perfectionist. 
 Will : Your dad left hardly any evidence. 
 Abigail : Is that why you let me come home? To find evidence? 
 Hannibal : It was one of many considerations. 
 Abigail : Are we gonna re-enact the crime? You be my dad, you be my mom, and you be the man on the phone. 
 Alana : Abigail, we wanted you to come home to help you leave home behind. 
 Abigail : You're not gonna find any of those girls, you know? 
 Will : What makes you say that? 
 Abigail : He would honor every part of them. He used to make plumbing putty out of elk's bones. Whatever bones are left of those girls are probably holding pipes together. 
 Hannibal : Where did he make this putty? 
 Abigail : At the cabin. I can show you tomorrow. 
 Alana : Abigail, there's someone here. 
 Marissa : Hey, Abigail. 
 
 Marissa : So, uh, does that hurt? 
 Abigail : Sometimes. 
 Marissa : Everybody on the block was on the news. And everyone at school. Such whores. 
 Abigail : Did you talk to the news? 
 Marissa : No. No! My mom doesn't want me talking to you, much less the news. 
 Abigail : Since when do you listen to her? 
 Marissa : Well, clearly I don't. I'm talking to you right now. Everybody thinks you did it, you know? 
 Abigail : So you think I did it? 
 Marissa : I don't think you're the type. Then again, I didn't think your father was the murder-suicide type. Although I guess the hunting could have been a clue. 
 Abigail : Mine or his? 
 Marissa : Both, now that you mention it. I don't think you did it. 
 I do. 
 Marissa : This is private property. 
 Nicholas : You were the bait, right? That's how it worked? You lure them back to daddy for dinner? How'd you trap my sister?  Did you chat her up? 
 Marissa : Hey! Piss off! 
 Nicholas : Did you help your old man cut out my sister's lungs while she was still using... (spitting) 
 
 Abigail : He said he was somebody's brother. 
 Marissa's Mom : Marissa! Come home. 
 Marissa : No! 
 Marissa's Mom : Come home! 
 Marissa : Can you stop being such a bitch? See you later. 
 Abigail : Bye. 
 
 Will : He's gone. You've never seen him before? 
 Abigail : No. 
 Will : Let's go back to hotel. We will go to the carbin tomorrow. 
 Hannibal : We should report this, yes? 
 Will : Yes. 
 
 Will : I'm sorry, okay? This will all stop. 
 Abigail : Please. 
 Will : I'm gonna make it all go away. 
 (Screaming) 
 (Alarm beeping) 
 Abigail : He cleaned everything. He said he was afraid of germs, but I guess he was just afraid of getting caught. 
 Will : No one else ever came here with your dad except you. 
 Abigail : He made everything by himself. Glue, butter he sold the pelts on eBay or in town. He'd make pillows. No parts went to waste. Otherwise it was murder. He was feeding them to us. Wasn't he? 
 Hannibal : It's very likely. 
 Abigail : Before he cut my throat, he told me he killed those girls so he wouldn't have to kill me. 
 Alana : You're not responsible for anything your father did, Abigail. 
 Abigail : If he would've just killed me, none of those other girls would be dead. 
 Alana : We don't know that. Your father- 
 
 Will : I need ERT at the Hobbs cabin. 
 Alana : Abigail! 
 (screaming) 
 Abigail : Marissa! 
 
 Will : Do you think she knew the guy down by the stream? 
 Hannibal : Somebody's brother. 
 Will : Not somebody. Abigail said he asked if she helped her dad take his sister's lungs while she was alive. 
 Hannibal : The young woman on the stag head. 
 Will : Cassie Boyle had a brother, Nicholas. But Garrett Jacob Hobbs didn't kill Cassie Boyle. 
 Hannibal : I know. Garrett Jacob Hobbs would've honored every part of her. 
 
 Jack : You brought Abigail Hobbs back to Minnesota to find out if she was involved in her father's murders and another girl dies. 
 Will : Yep, scraped his knuckle on her teeth. There's foreign tissue and what could be trace amounts of blood. 
 Jack : You said that this copycat was an intelligent psychopath, Will. That there would be no traceable motive, no pattern. He wouldn't kill again this way. You said it. 
 Will : I may have been wrong about that. 
 Jack : Yes, because Garrett Jacob Hobbs never struck his victims. Why would the copycat do it? 
 Hannibal : I think he was provoked. Nicholas Boyle murdered this girl and his own sister. 
 Jack : With or without Abigail Hobbs? 
 Will : Without. 
 Jack : Well, do you think that Abigail Hobbs knew Nicholas or Cassie Boyle? 
 Will : No. 
 Jack : You don't think she knew them or don't wanna think that she knew them? 
 Will : She said she didn't know them. 
 Jack : (sighs) Dr. Bloom says that Abigail has a penchant for, uh, manipulation. Is she manipulating you, Will? 
 Hannibal : Agent Crawford. 
 Jack : Look, he said he was wrong about the copycat killer. I want to know what else he's wrong about. 
 Will : Whoever killed the girl on the field killed this girl, I'm right about that. He knew exactly how to mount the body. Wound patterns are almost identical to Cassie Boyle. Same design, the same humiliation. 
 Hannibal : Abigail Hobbs is not a killer. But she could be the target of one. 
 Jack : I think it's time that Abigail Hobbs left home permanently. Doctor, would you be good enough to collect Abigail and all of her belongings and escort her out of Minnesota, please? Not you, Will. I want you here. 
 
 Journalists : Abigail! Abigail! 
 Marissa's Mon : You killed my daughter! 
 Alana : Abigail! Abigail! 
 Marissa's Mom : Why come back here? Why did you come back here? Why come back? 
 Alana : Stay here. Stay here. 
 (Woman sobbing) 
 Freddie : Abigail! 
 Hannibal : Miss Lounds. You're on the wrong side of the police line. 
 Freddie : I've been covering the Minnesota shrike long before you got involved. I wanna help you tell your story. You need me now more than ever. 
 Abigail : I wanna talk to her. 
 Alana : No you don't. Go inside. 
 Freddie : I'm not the only one lurking about the Hobbs house peeking in windows. You really should monitor those police lines more carefully. 
 Hannibal : Have you seen a young man, mid-20s, ginger hair? Unwashed. 
 Freddie : I'll tell you if I saw him if you tell me why it's important. 
 (Sobbing softly) 
 Hobbs : None of her is gonna go to waste. 
 (Whimpering) 
 Nicholas : I just want you to listen to me. I didn't kill that girl, okay? I didn't kill her! Wait! Listen! I didn't! 
 Alana : Abigail? Abigail? 
 Hannibal : She'll be all right. Abigail? Show me what happened. 
 
 Abigail : He was gonna kill me. 
 Hannibal : Was he? This isn't self-defense, Abigail. You butchered him. 
 Abigail : I didn't. 
 Hannibal : They will see what you did and they'll see you as an accessory to the crimes of your father. 
 Abigail : I wasn't. 
 Hannibal : I can help you, if you ask me to. At great risk to my career and my life. You have a choice. You can tell them you were defending yourself when you gutted this man Or we can hide the body. 
 
 Alana : No I don't remember anything. Maybe a blur out of the corner of my eye and and then a big fat cut to black. 
 Jack : Well, Nicholas Boyle attacked Abigail, you. Struck Dr. Lecter in the back of the head. 
 Alana : Well, where's Abigail? 
 Will : Lecter took her back to the hotel. 
 Jack : She scratched Nicholas Boyle on his way out the back door. The blood on her hands matches the tissue that we pulled from Marissa Schurr's mouth. 
 Alana : And then what, he he got away? 
 Jack : We'll catch him one way or another. Where you going? 
 Will : I wanna go home. 
 (Creaking sound) 
 Hannibal : Hello, Abigail. 
 Abigail : How did you know it was me? 
 Hannibal : Hospital called. You climbed over the wall. Where else were you to go? Home's no longer an option. Come down from there. 
 Abigail : I don't want to go to sleep. 
 Hannibal : You can't anticipate your dreams. Can't block them, can't repress. 
 Abigail : I didn't honor any part of him so it's just murder, isn't it? 
 Hannibal : Most would argue self-defense. 
 Abigail : Then why not tell the truth? 
 Hannibal : Most would argue. There would still be those who would say you were taking after your father. 
 Abigail : You're glad I killed him. 
 Hannibal : What would be the alternative? That he killed you? 
 Abigail : I didn't know if he was going to. 
 Hannibal : No, you don't. 
 Abigail : You're the one who called the house. You talked to my dad before what did you say to him? 
 Hannibal : A simple conversation, ascertaining if he was home for an interview. Then why not tell the truth? 
 Abigail : I think you called the house as a serial killer. Just like my dad. 
 Hannibal : I'm nothing like your dad. I made a mistake. Something easily misconstrued. Not unlike yourself. 
 Hannibal : I'll keep your secret. 
 Abigail : And I'll keep yours. 
 Hannibal : No more climbing walls, Abigail. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 