Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Mukozuke - Hannibal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Mukozuke https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=186&t=11325 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/31/14 13:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Mukozuke 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Hannibal... 
 Who stitched him into the mural? 
 You have an idea who that might be? 
 I do. 
 He consults me with cases if I keep investigating murders he's accused of. 
 Good. It seems you have an admirer. 
 You think someone sent me in here because they admire me? 
 This killer wrote you a poem. 
 This is of course Freddie Lounds, who you know. 
 She will be assisting me today, or assisting you-- 
 What have you taken, Bella? 
 My morphine. 
 Have you seen Jack? - No. There was some sort of emergency with his wife. 
 If Hannibal's the ripper, what's he doing with his trophies? 
 Stay away from Hannibal Lecter. 
 (gunshot) 
 ♪ 
 You have to eat something, Jack. You've been up all night. 
 Feed the body, feed the mind. 
 She knew she couldn't beat the cancer, so she... decided to beat it to the finish line. 
 I suppose I can't blame her for wanting to control how she dies. 
 I believe those who can no longer function at an acceptable level have the right to die. 
 She cast you as an executioner. 
 She wanted to die. 
 I can't tell you how grateful I am that you didn't allow it to happen. 
 As a doctor, I had no choice. 
 As a philosopher, I had too many. 
 It wasn't what I could do for Bella, it was what I couldn't do to you, Jack. 
 I guess I'm a better friend than therapist. 
 You're a great friend, Hannibal. 
 (trickling sound) 
 Send someone else, Jack. 
 She's one of yours. 
 At aproximately 9AM this morning I've received a phone call from Freddie Lounds. 
 Acting on an anonymous tip, she discovered a female body, immediately contacted my office. 
 I was amongst the first on the scene. 
 The victim has been identified as our colleague, Special Agent Beverly Katz. 
 She will be memorialized at FBI Headquarters and Field Offices so that her ultimate sacrifice will always be remembered. 
 That's all. 
 (trickling sound) 
 (inaudible) 
 I want to see her. 
 Leave us alone. 
 Let's go! 
 You said you just interpret the evidence. 
 So interpret the evidence. 
 (yelping) 
 I strangle Beverly Katz... looking in her eyes. 
 She knows me. 
 And I know her. 
 I expertly squeeze the life from her... rendering her unconscious. 
 I freeze her body... preserving shape and form so I can more cleanly dismantle her. 
 She cuts like stone. 
 I pull her apart, layer by layer... like she would a crime scene. 
 This is my design. 
 I will leave no usable evidence, but she found something. 
 She found me. 
 What she found is already gone. 
 What did I take from her? 
 It's the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 It's the Ripper and the Copycat. 
 It's the same killer. 
 Two masks... 
 Beverly helped me see it. 
 Help me see it. 
 She was looking for a connection between the Copycat and the Ripper. 
 You think she found it? 
 She found something. 
 Where were you last night? 
 In the hospital. With my wife. 
 I told Beverly to go to you, tell you everything she knew. 
 Instead, she went looking for evidence. 
 She met the Ripper last night, Jack. 
 She... she will be... missing organs. 
 He had to take his trophies. 
 Who is he, Will? 
 Beverly made her connection to the Ripper. 
 You have to make your own, Jack. 
 Then what did I bring you here for? 
 To say goodbye. 
 Would you like to talk about what happened at the observatory? 
 You discussed my therapy with Hannibal Lecter, Frederick. 
 Counter to our agreement. 
 I gave him a peek before I snatched down the shades. 
 I have appearances to maintain. 
 Beverly Katz paid you a visit before she was murdered. 
 What did the two of you discuss? 
 What, you weren't listening to that one? 
 You met her in the privacy room. 
 It is the only room in the facility I am not legally allowed to monitor. 
 And you let that stop you? 
 We talked about the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 Then she went and found him. 
 Psychopaths can be indifferent to those sorts of setbacks. 
 I know something of the monster you are dealing with. 
 He is a well-educated man. 
 A socially competent man. 
 He has surgical experience or, at the very least, know-how. 
 You thought Abel Gideon was the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 Evidently, I was wrong about that. 
 Gideon knows who the Ripper is. 
 And I suppose you do, too. 
 Wouldn't it be interesting if we both said it was the same man? 
 Yes, it would. 
 It's a shame we can't talk to Abel Gideon about the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 Well, just think, Frederick, you could be the one who catches him after all. 
 Beverly isn't your responsibility. 
 You should be allowed to grieve. You shouldn't have to wade through it. 
 We're not running away from this, Jack. 
 Beverly wouldn't. 
 Good. 
 I double-checked the autopsy report. 
 What you found at that observatory wasn't all Beverly. 
 What do you mean? 
 These kidneys, they were placed inside her body after she was killed. I typed them against DNA samples and, uh, they belong to the Mural Killer. James Gray. - James Gray. 
 So, whoever killed James Gray and sewed him into his mural also murdered Beverly. Swapped out their kidneys. 
 Right now, the only thing we have to go on is we find her kidneys and we find her killer. 
 ♪ 
 Mr. Graham. 
 You always did look like the boy next door. 
 Is it true you ate that poor Hobbs girl? 
 You can call me Will, now we're of equal social standing. 
 Is this Frederick's idea of punishment? 
 Group therapy with the man who tried to kill me. 
 No. I'd like to talk to you about the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 Thought I was the Chesapeake Ripper. 
 No, you are the pretender to the throne. 
 What did you offer Frederick to bring me back? 
 I'm the last person he wants to see. 
 I give him a visceral chill in the guts. 
 Whatever's left of them. - You know who the Chesapeake Ripper is. You've met him. 
 So Frederick gets to catch the Ripper after all. 
 What do you get? 
 I remember that night at Dr. Lecter's. 
 The night I brought you there. 
 The night you tried to kill me. 
 Yes, how do you think I found you? 
 He sent me to kill you, Abel. 
 Am I your evidence? 
 Oh, you're in trouble, Mr. Graham. 
 Why would you protect him? 
 You were quite happy to try and kill me yourself. 
 You have it "in you," 
 as they say. 
 He is the Devil, Mr. Graham. 
 He is smoke. 
 You'll never 
 "catch" the Ripper. 
 He won't be caught. 
 If you want him... you will have to kill him. 
 Fair enough. 
 You and I are both proponents of unorthodox treatments of the mind. 
 Strategies others might not choose to understand. 
 What I'm trying to understand is why you would transfer Abel Gideon back to your hospital for the unworried unwell. 
 It was not for selfish reasons. 
 Ah, selfishness. The original sin of man, according to Judeo- 
 Christian morality. 
 We are not talking about morality or ethics here, are we, Dr. Lecter? But rather, concealing their absence. 
 Gideon disemboweled you, Frederick. 
 Brave of you, or perhaps wise, to keep the evidence of your misdeeds under your own roof. 
 My misdeeds and yours. 
 Neither of us controls our stories well enough to get anything from exposing the other's misdeeds. 
 Here's to that. 
 I brought Gideon back because... 
 I thought he may be useful in Will Graham's therapy. 
 He shot Gideon, yet he has no memory of it. 
 We know memories, emotions, and even spiritual experiences can be manipulated while under hypnotics. 
 I'm trying to set Will on the path to rebuilding his broken brain, picking up your pieces, as it were. 
 You've analyzed my patient; perhaps you'll allow me to analyze yours. 
 I'd like to interview Abel Gideon. 
 You don't need to stand way over there. 
 I'm a cutter, not a pisser. 
 Hello, Dr. Gideon. 
 Our brains devote more space to reading the details of faces than any other object. 
 Dare I say, I've never seen yours before. 
 I'm Dr. Hannibal Lecter. 
 I was Will Graham's psychiatrist. 
 Well, he's not a very good advertisement for your abilities, Dr. Lecter. 
 That remains to be seen. 
 Oh, I bet you're a devil at the bridge table. 
 It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. 
 The pleasure's mine. 
 [But now I know your name,] 
 [of course I am aware of you by reputation] 
 [and I see why Chilton] 
 [both reveres you and resents you.] 
 Esteem in psychiatric circles still eludes him, yet it clings to you like soap to a baby's eyes. 
 He very much wants to be you. 
 He should be more careful what he wishes for. 
 And you should have been more careful with Will Graham. 
 That young man has got a bone to pick. 
 As a therapist, I'm concerned with finding ways of overcoming resistance. 
 Not building it up. 
 Well, you built up something, Dr. Lecter. 
 
 
 
 (birds chirping) 
 (camera shutter clicking) 
 That was rude, Miss Lounds. 
 Did you really think I was above that sort of thing? 
 Hm... you seem disappointed. 
 We evolved the ability to communicate disappointment to teach those around us good manners. 
 Unfortunately, I did not evolve the ability to feel shame. 
 You should explore that in therapy. 
 I saw a psychiatrist once and it was under false pretenses. 
 Happy to entertain you for a more genuine conversation. 
 So, what brings you to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane? 
 I am interviewing Will Graham. 
 At his request. 
 Imagine that. 
 I'm trying. 
 Do not pass anything but soft paper. No pens, no pencils. 
 Do not accept anything he gives you. Do not let him touch you. 
 You do not touch him. 
 I will be right outside. 
 I know the drill. 
 It's good to see you again, Will. Let me rephrase that. 
 It is good to see you in here. Where you belong. 
 Thank you for coming. 
 Why am I here? 
 I have an admirer. 
 And he seems to fit your demographic. 
 My demographic is murderers and people obsessed with murderers. 
 I'm talking about the man who killed the bailiff and the judge at my trial. 
 Ah. 
 And you think he's your admirer? 
 He killed the bailiff to give me an alibi. 
 He killed the judge because he threw that alibi out. 
 So is your admirer crazy? 
 I don't think anybody as careful as he is could be crazy. I think-I think he's different. 
 Maybe a lot of people believe him to be crazy, and the reason for that is, he hasn't let people understand much about him. 
 But you understand him. 
 Are you trying to catch him or contact him? 
 I would like to establish a line of communication. 
 And your website seems like a good place to do that. 
 I could open it up for you. 
 Ads, editorial, online chat rooms, monitoring incoming mail. I could be discreet. 
 In exchange for? 
 Exclusive rights to your story. 
 It's all yours, Freddie. 
 You want to talk to your admirer, we'll have to send an invitation. 
 "Sadly, other killers have drawn 
 inspiration from Graham. 
 "As he stood trial for his life, 
 "one such killer even constructed an ode 
 "to Graham's grisly techniques. 
 "Graham believed this man wanted to help, "even though his motives for that are unclear. 
 "He killed people in his name, and he'd like to ask him why." Would you like a book, Mr. Graham? I have my imagination. I read your TattleCrime interview. You're a very articulate man. I agreed with a lot of what you said. You're right. People don't understand much about me. Or about you. But at least we understand each other. There's something we don't have. Or maybe we just evolved not to need. You were hiding in the FBI. That's talent. If you hadn't gotten sick, they never would've found you. You found a great place to hide. Spend time in a mental hospital, you pick up the drill. You could pass as an orderly, get a job doing it when you get out. They may never know you were in. Obviously you realize Chilton records every word said in here. Who do you think wired the mics? Or unwired the mics, as they currently are. You killed the bailiff during my trial. I thought it would exonerate you. I had read your file often enough. Easy to recreate your work. It was so specific. Though the bailiff was a bitch to get on that stag's head. And the judge? I killed the bailiff. The judge was... somebody else. (keys jingling) Why are you trying to help me? Have you seen the way that smaller birds will mob a hawk on a wire? You and me, we are hawks, Mr. Graham. Hawks are solitary. And that's their weakness. Enough of those smaller birds get together, and they chase hawks away. Imagine if the hawks started working together. Why did you want to talk to me? (door unlocking) I need a favor. I'm always happy to do a favor for a friend. Just say the words. I want you to kill Hannibal Lecter. Will? Hi. Hi. I'm sorry to drop in unannounced like this. What's on your mind, Dr. Bloom? You. You gave an interview to Freddie Lounds. You despise Freddie Lounds. It just seemed, um... What, suspicious? And slightly worrying. You don't have to worry about me. I know you feel powerless about what happened to Beverly, and you want to do something about it. Would that be so bad? Depends on what you're thinking about doing. But there's no solution to grief, Will. It just is. Beverly died because of me. Because she listened to me. I'm not gonna let that happen again. Will, what have you done? Just what I had to do. What is it about you, Dr. Bloom? The most sinister neurochemistry in the field cannot help percolating in your presence. The interesting ones all fall at your feet. Will Graham, Abel Gideon, they're chatty as can be. You are like catnip for killers. I see Abel Gideon has returned to the roost. I believe you and I are his only surviving psychiatrists. Pulled the tongues out of all the rest. Pulled more than that out of you. Have you noticed anything different about Will since Gideon arrived? Gideon is here as part of Will's therapy, helping him reclaim his past. Can I see him? Dr. Bloom-- You are like a flower blossoming amongst the weeds. I'm glad to see you alive, Dr. Gideon. Well, Mr. Graham didn't do a particularly good job of killing me. He was sick. And a very poor shot. Good enough shot to get a bullet in you before you put a blade in me. And for that, I am sincerely grateful. Been wondering about that night. How do you know where I live? A little birdie wanted me to kill you. Or a little birdie wanted Mr. Graham to have reason to kill me. But either way, you and I are equally expendable. You were trying to find the Ripper that night. Did you? I found Will Graham. Will isn't the Chesapeake Ripper. Not yet. All the things that make us who we are... What has to happen to make those things change? So much has happened to Mr. Graham. He is a changed man. Maybe he's looking for redemption. But revenge, now that is a trinket he could value. He thinks that he knows who killed Beverly Katz? For the courtesy you have always shown me, I am going to give you a gift. I'm going to give you a chance to save Will from himself. How? He is in a biblical place right now, but that rage will pass. And when it does, Will Graham will either be a murderer or he will not. Up to you. He's institutionalized. He's really in no position to be killing anyone. Not with his own hands. But if he only had a little birdie who could whisper murder into a sympathetic ear... Who does he want to kill, doctor? He's not here. There's nothing in his calendar. What is it you think Will's done? (phone ringing) Hold that thought. This is Jack Crawford. Yes. Thank you. We've got a trace on his cell phone. Judas had the decency to hang himself in shame at his betrayal. But I thought you needed help. Did you know that the phrase "to kick the bucket" came from exactly this situation? You could kick it out right now yourself and it'd all be over. Quicker than bleeding out. You're a nurse at the hospital. You're setting a new standard of care. Will Graham is not what you think. He's not a murderer. He is now. By proxy. (grunting) He asked you to do this? What are friends for? Now I'm going to ask you a few yes or no questions while you still have enough blood coursing through your brain to answer them. You ready? Ready. Did you kill that judge? I can ask you yes-or-no questions, you don't have to say a word, and I'll know what the answer is. The pupil dilates with specific mental efforts. You dilate, that's a "yes." No dilation equals "no." Are you the Chesapeake Ripper? How many times have you watched someone cling on to a life that's not really worth living? Eking out a few extra seconds. Wondering why they bother. I know why. Life is precious. The Chesapeake Ripper. I wonder what they're gonna call me. You know, the Iroquois used to eat their enemies to take their strength. Maybe your murders will become my murders. I'll be the Chesapeake Ripper now. Only if you eat me. (laughing) Put your hands where I can see them. He's got a gun, Jack! Hold on! Hold on, hold on. Get an ambulance! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 