Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Relevés - Hannibal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Relevés https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=186&t=11324 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/16/13 13:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Relevés 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on 
 Hannibal 
 You think this was a copycat? 
 I almost feel like he's mocking her. 
 Your name is Georgia Madchen. 
 You're not alone. 
 Somebody told him we were coming. 
 The man on the phone? 
 Did you recognize his voice? 
 How much would I get if you wrote a book about me? 
 Nicholas Boyle was gutted with a hunting knife. 
 You knew how to do that. 
 You think I did this? 
 You and I are just gonna have to have a difference of opinion about who Will is, doctor. 
 I'm worried about you, Will. 
 What if you lose time and hurt yourself? Or someone else? 
 (Gunshot) 
 (Ventilator pumping) 
 (Device beeping) 
 You look better. 
 Do I look alive? 
 You look pretty. 
 Must be all the oxygen. 
 They say what's wrong with you? 
 No, just the fever. 
 They're trying to find out what else. 
 They won't find anything. 
 They'll keep looking, keep taking tests, keep giving false diagnoses, bad meds. 
 But they won't find out what's wrong. 
 They'll just know that you're wrong. 
 I hope you have good insurance. 
 I do too. 
 They're going to give me shock treatment. 
 Electroconvulsive Therapy is what it's called. 
 Shock treatment sounds nicer. 
 People who have what you have can recover with shock treatment. 
 You know how many times I've been told I could recover with treatment? 
 They said I might remember what I did. 
 But I don't want to remember. 
 You know what you did, Georgia. 
 But I don't remember it. 
 It feels more like a horrible dream where I killed my friend. 
 You dream about killing anybody else? 
 I dream you killed that doctor. 
 But I couldn't see your face. 
 Smells delicious. 
 Silkie chicken in a broth. A black-boned bird prized in China for its medicinal values since the 7th century. 
 Wolfberries, ginseng, ginger, red dates, and star anise. 
 You made me chicken soup? 
 Yes. 
 The nurses tell me you've been wandering, Will. 
 I was awake... heh... and wandering with... purpose and good intentions. 
 Visiting that unfortunate young woman suffering from delusions. 
 She's my support group. 
 And I hope you're hers. 
 Nothing more isolating than mental illness. 
 The hallucinations, the, um, loss of time, sleepwalking... 
 Could that have all just been the fever? 
 Fevers can be symptoms of dementia. 
 Dementia can be a symptom of many things happening in your body or mind that can no longer be ignored, Will. 
 Does Jack know? 
 That this could be more than a fever? No. I haven't told him. 
 Shouldn't you? 
 Not until we know for certain. 
 What we must do now is continue to support and monitor your recovery. 
 This young woman you were visiting, how's her recovery? 
 I don't think she wants to recover. 
 Afraid to remember what she did. 
 Can't say I blame her. 
 (Ventilator pumping) 
 (Zap) 
 (No sound) 
 ♪ 
 Hannibal 01x12[/i] 
 Releves 
 Origianl Air Date June 13, 2013 
 Hospital speculates that it was a short circuit that ignited the fire. 
 Unit looks well maintained. No exposed wiring. 
 Horrible way to die. 
 There was a kid in Italy who was in one of these things. 
 A spark of static electricity from his pajamas set it off. 
 Two cubic yards of oxygen suddenly became two cubic yards of fire. 
 Is it possible that she set the fire herself? 
 She wasn't wearing her grounding bracelet, which prevents the build-up of static electricity. 
 She took it off. Suicide by immolation? 
 She was facing two murder charges... 
 No. She wasn't suicidal, Jack. 
 Sh-she was sick. 
 I was here. I spoke to her. 
 Why did you speak with her? 
 Because I know how she felt. 
 She's a murder suspect. She tried to kill you. 
 Your trying to be her friend impacts the case against her. 
 Well, the case against her doesn't really matter anymore, does it, Jack? 
 We could use the articles I wrote at the time of each of the murders as book chapter headings. 
 The chapters themselves would be you telling your story... 
 Where you were and what you were thinking when, one by one, eight girls just like you all over Minnesota were disappearing. 
 What are we gonna call it? 
 I thought about  The Last Victim, 
 but there is already a book about serial killers called  The Last Victim. 
 Was it a bestseller? 
 Absolutely. 
 Especially after the guy who wrote it killed himself. 
 Just as well. 
 Wasn't really my dad's last victim anyway, was I? 
 Who was? 
 Marissa. 
 Marissa Schuur was killed by the copycat. 
 So was Cassie Boyle. 
 I still blame my dad. 
 Blame him for Nick Boyle's death? 
 I blame Nick Boyle for Nick Boyle's death. 
 He killed Marissa. He got what was coming to him. 
 Nick Boyle did not kill your friend. 
 Then who did? 
 Better question is: 
 who killed Nick? 
 Nick Boyle was just a dumb kid who was really messed up because his sister was murdered. 
 He wasn't a killer. 
 I've interviewed enough killers to know one when I see one. 
 What gives them away? 
 A very specific brand of hostility. 
 I see it every time I look at Will Graham. 
 He did kill my dad. 
 As far as I'm concerned, he killed Nick Boyle. 
 He and Jack Crawford told everyone Nick was the copycat, and then someone murdered him for it. 
 You really don't think he did it. 
 Whoever killed Nicholas Boyle killed an innocent man. 
 See? 
 See? 
 What are you doing here? 
 Checked myself out of the hospital. 
 Well, check yourself back in. 
 The fever broke. 
 I don't care. 
 Georgia Madchen didn't commit suicide, and whatever happened to her wasn't an accident. 
 I'm gonna have Z come down here and stick a thermometer in you, and if you've got a temperature higher than 99... 
 She was murdered, Jack. 
 By who? 
 By whoever killed Dr. Sutcliffe. 
 His blood was all over Georgia Madchen. Her DNA was all over him. 
 She told me there was somebody else there. She couldn't see his face. 
 There was somebody else there. It was Dr. Sutcliffe. 
 She couldn't see his face because she cut it in half! Will, I understand. You're looking for an explanation, an explanation that makes all of this ok. 
 No! No, no, no. I don't. That is not what I want. Listen, something went wrong, and we will never know what that is, but for all the doctors she saw, for all of the help she received, she was fighting that wrong alone. 
 There is nothing you could do about that. 
 All her adult life this woman was misunderstood, and what I can do is make sure that her death isn't misunderstood. 
 She didn't kill herself. 
 And this wasn't an accident. 
 (Heartbeat) 
 So, we dismantled the oxygen chamber... see if anyone tampered with the wiring, or even like a short circuit. But nothing. 
 So what sparked the fire? 
 Inconclusive, but... 
 Not conclusively inconclusive. Found this. 
 Thought it might've been part of the bed or monitoring equipment, but mass spectrometer said it was celluloid plastic. 
 They don't use plastic in those things. 
 Right, right. It generates, uh, static electricity. 
 Her hair was melted right in there. It's preserved like it was in Amber. 
 Could it have been a plastic comb? 
 Well, static charge from a plastic comb in a highly oxygenated environment would be a powerful accelerant. 
 (Brian): Anything combustible in there would combust. 
 You're holding the murder weapon. 
 Or whatever she used to kill herself, yeah? 
 Will... 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Whoever killed Sutcliffe wanted to kill him how Georgia Madchen killed her victim, but... but not exactly how. Correct? 
 Georgia Madchen carved up her victim's face. 
 Sutcliffe was, uh, nearly decapitated at the jaw. I mean... 
 So she went further the second time. 
 Serial killers often do that. 
 She was copied. Like, uh, whoever killed Marissa Schuur and Cassie Boyle wanted to copy how Garret Jacob Hobbs killed his victims. 
 But not exactly how. 
 Wait a minute. Are you saying that Dr. Sutcliffe was killed by Garret Jacob Hobbs' copycat? 
 So was Georgia Madchen. 
 Because he thinks she saw his face. 
 You said Nicholas Boyle was the copycat. 
 His blood was on one of the victims. Nicholas Boyle is dead. 
 Well, then he isn't the copycat. 
 Could this be more than just a fever? 
 Will is connecting murders that previously had no connections. 
 Beyond his involvement in the investigations? 
 That's right. 
 So you're wondering if the lines are blurring, or if he's on to something. 
 I'm wondering all sorts of things. 
 What's Will's relationship with Abigail Hobbs right now? 
 You think he's protecting her. 
 He has been ever since he shot her father. I just don't know from what. 
 I can't imagine he would hide anything criminal from you. 
 I've only ever known Will as a man striving to be his best self. 
 You haven't known him that long. 
 But we both know him well enough to know he hasn't been himself. 
 He needs our support, whether or not mental illness is involved. 
 Mental illness... 
 Is it really mental illness, doctor, or is it just that his mind works so differently from most people's that we don't know what else to call it? 
 There are days when even Will doesn't understand his own thinking. 
 (Knocking on door) 
 Dr. Dumaurier. 
 I'm Special Agent Jack Crawford with the FBI. 
 I'd like to talk with you about a patient of yours. 
 Do you have a court order? 
 Well I'd rather not get one, if I don't have to. 
 So it's not an official inquiry. 
 Not yet. 
 I'd hate to damage anyone's reputation unnecessarily. 
 Whose reputation would that be? 
 I suspect that Dr. Hannibal Lecter may be withholding pertinent information involving a murder investigation. 
 No, thank you. 
 So... he hasn't confided in the FBI. 
 You are hoping he's confided in his psychiatrist and that I'll tell you. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 It's not that I think Dr. Lecter's dangerous. I don't. 
 I am concerned about a relationship he has with one of his patients, a man named Will Graham. 
 Without consent or a court order, I'd be in breach of confidentiality. 
 That's correct. 
 So, if we can't discuss Dr. Lecter, perhaps we can discuss you. 
 You were attacked by a patient not too long ago. 
 I read the report. 
 I know that there was a statement given by Dr. Lecter. 
 The patient who attacked me was a former patient of Dr. Lecter. 
 And he was referred to you by Dr. Lecter? 
 Yes. 
 And this patient almost killed you. 
 He swallowed his tongue while he was attacking me. 
 That's the only thing that saved my life. 
 Well, thank God for small favors. 
 Yes, thank God. 
 You should know there was another attack recently in Dr. Lecter's office. It involved another patient. 
 Two dead, including the patient. 
 That's not bad psychology, Agent Crawford. 
 Putting me in a position to have to defend or not to defend Dr. Lecter. 
 You have to admit he's had some pretty strange relationships with some of his patients. 
 Complicated patients are conducive to complicated relationships. 
 All right. 
 How far do you think Dr. Lecter would go in his therapy to treat a patient? Specifically, Will Graham. 
 Hannibal refers to Will Graham more as a friend than as a patient. 
 How far do you think he would go to treat a friend? 
 Well, he doesn't have many of them, so I imagine he'd be loyal. 
 I know that he's concerned about Will Graham and I know that he wants to help him. 
 Well, I consider Will a friend, and I'd like to help him too. 
 It seems to me that Will Graham would do well to have more friends like Dr. Lecter. 
 Will Graham theorized that the copycat killer and Garret Jacob Hobbs were somehow connected... 
 That he had insight into Hobbs' personal life, that they may have met, known each other, perhaps even killed together. 
 See, I would call that less of a theory, more of a hypothesis. 
 Hm, theories require evidence. 
 Hm. 
 Let's play jeopardy, shall we? The answer is that these people were killed by the copycat, who's connected to Garret Jacob Hobbs. You tell me how. 
 You mean beyond the application of supposition and unexplained leaps? 
 Yes, that's right. 
 I've been yearning for a return to the fundamentals of investigation. 
 Right? 
 Where is Beverly? 
 Jury duty. 
 It's... she's deposed in court. 
 Get her out of court. Then here's what we're gonna do. 
 I wanna look at train station, airport, toll road, hotel details. 
 I wanna track Garret Jacob Hobbs using license plate capture from security footage. 
 I also want to know every phone call he made and where he made them from. 
 I'll see if I can get R & I to loan us a couple of clerks to help us cross-match. 
 Good. I also want to know every place that he went that wasn't home. 
 I want to know how long he was there, I want to know who he was there with, and I want to know the travel time to the nearest missing girl in the Minnesota Shrike Case. You got it? 
 Yep. 
 Ok. 
 You told me that killing someone was the ugliest thing in the world. 
 One of them. 
 I finally get it. 
 I thought there was something wrong with me because I didn't feel ugly when I killed Nick Boyle. 
 I felt good. 
 That's why it was so easy to lie about it. 
 Like you didn't do anything wrong. 
 Feel like you'd done something wrong when you killed my dad? 
 I felt terrified. 
 And then... 
 I felt powerful. 
 It felt good... to get to end it, to stop it all. 
 I thought I got away from him. 
 Oh, I don't think either of us have gotten away from your father. 
 I wish I'd killed him. 
 For killing my mom, for killing all those girls, for making me... 
 Making you what, Abigail? 
 Part of it. 
 Part of any of it. 
 This wasn't supposed to be my life. 
 It feels like my dad's still out there. 
 In a way, he is. 
 You mean the copycat. 
 I think I can catch him. 
 But I'm gonna need your help. 
 An agent from the FBI came to see me. 
 He asked me questions about your relationship with Will Graham. 
 Jack Crawford was here? 
 Mm. 
 He had enough doubt in whatever it is you told him about your patient to feel the need to verify. 
 He believes Abigail Hobbs was involved in her father's crimes, and he suspects Will is protecting her. 
 And evidently he suspects you are protecting Will. 
 Are you? 
 Are you asking as my psychiatrist? 
 I'm stepping out of my role as your psychiatrist and I'm speaking to you now as your colleague. 
 Whatever you're doing with Will Graham, stop. 
 Will needs my help. 
 You've crossed professional lines. 
 By making a friend? 
 You cannot function as an agent of friendship for a man who is disconnected from the concept as a man who is disconnected from the concept. 
 I'm protecting Will from influence. 
 He has flaws in his intuitive beliefs about what makes him who he is. 
 I'm trying to help him understand. 
 You may not be able to. 
 I'm not comfortable telling Will that my very best attempts to help him may fail and that my loyalty to him and his treatment could be compromised. 
 Then tell him something else. 
 Agent Crawford also asked me about my attack. 
 I see. 
 What did you tell him? 
 Half truths. 
 That a violent patient swallowed his tongue while he was attacking me. 
 I didn't tell him how or why or who was responsible. 
 You protect your patient from Jack Crawford, but I can't protect mine. 
 Not anymore. 
 Even the very best psychiatrists have an inherent limitation to their professional abilities. 
 You may find that difficult to accept. 
 You're right. It is. 
 You have to maintain boundaries, Hannibal. 
 When the pressures of my personal and professional relationships with Will grow too great, I assure you... I'll find a way to relieve them. 
 
 
 
 Much better now. 
 I feel clearer. 
 It had to be the fever. 
 I am finally thinking clearly about the copycat. 
 The murders you're attributing to the copycat have suspects whose DNA was found on the victims. 
 So what? 
 You're choosing to ignore that? 
 Both of those suspects are dead. I'm choosing to factor that into my psychological profile of a killer. 
 Georgia Madchen followed me to Sutcliffe's office, she witnessed his murder, she saw the copycat. 
 Why not kill her then and there? 
 Well, maybe h-he didn't have the time. You know, she was an unreliable witness, so that bought him time. 
 So he framed her for the murder. 
 But he wasn't planning on framing her. 
 He was planning on framing me. 
 You believe this is personal? 
 If it wasn't before, it is now. 
 This could be someone at the Bureau, someone in the police department, someone who knows the crimes and has access to the investigations. 
 Someone like you. 
 There will be evidence. 
 I found a pattern and now I'm gonna reconstruct his thinking. 
 How do you intend to do that? 
 By taking Abigail back to Minnesota. 
 Start where the copycat started when he called Garret Jacob Hobbs. 
 Will, this is venturing into the paranoid. 
 I can't allow you to pull Abigail into your delusion. 
 This isn't a delusion. 
 I'm not hallucinating. I haven't lost time. 
 I am awake and this is real. 
 (Brian): We found train tickets 
 purchased by Garret Jacob Hobbs. 
 Tickets? 
 Two. 
 For the same train line that one of his victims was using. 
 Elise Nichols? 
 Found more instances of Hobbs crossing with victims. 
 Dinner receipts for two, and two hotel rooms near the same campuses. 
 We know he wasn't traveling alone. 
 He was traveling with his daughter? 
 They were both registered for the same orientation program at St. Cloud State on the Mississippi, which is where the Nichols girl was going to school. 
 Abigail Hobbs attended orientations at every school where a girl was abducted by the Minnesota Shrike within days of the abduction. 
 She was with him when he was choosing these girls. 
 She was the bait. 
 She was helping him choose the girls. 
 The connection between the copycat killer and Garret Jacob Hobbs might be family. 
 She kills Cassie Boyle to impress dad? 
 She kills Marissa Schuur in memoriam, then she kills Nicholas Boyle to cover her tracks? 
 Then why kill Dr. Sutcliffe? Or the Madchen girl? 
 Because she's got a taste for it now. 
 Or she wants to impress someone new. 
 Hello, Agent Crawford. 
 Freddie Lounds. 
 You look like you came here to arrest somebody. 
 Is it Abigail Hobbs, or Will Graham? 
 Will Graham was here? 
 Oh, then it was Abigail Hobbs. 
 Where is she? 
 One of the other girls said Special Agent Graham snuck her out. 
 I don't know why he would feel the need to be sneaky. 
 He is registered as one of her guardians. The irony. 
 Give us a minute here. 
 How's the book coming? 
 There's plot holes. 
 Tell me how you're filling them in. 
 Did Abigail Hobbs kill Nick Boyle? 
 Why do you say that? 
 Abigail is one of those very smart girls who hasn't quite figured out that very smart girls grow up and know all the moves they're making when they're trying to hide something. 
 What is Will Graham trying to hide? 
 Sorry to barge in on you, doctor. Couldn't wait. 
 You want to tell me what the hell is going on between Will Graham and Abigail Hobbs? 
 Will has been victim of many unusual and irrational thoughts. 
 Has he acted on these thoughts? 
 Not that I'm aware of. 
 Or he's aware of, for that matter. 
 But he has experienced periods of lost time. 
 Yes, I've seen him confused at crime scenes. 
 I've seen him disoriented. 
 He may have been confused because he was waking up. 
 Might not have known where he was or how he got there. 
 Waking up? 
 From a dissociated personality state. 
 He would appear perfectly normal and not remember a thing. 
 But a fractured part of him would. 
 And how long have you been aware of this? 
 He's only recently started to discuss these episodes. 
 Well, unless recently means just before I walked into your office, you failed to mention any of this to me. 
 Because I was trying to determine if it was trauma and stress from the work he's doing for you, or mental illness. I thought it wise to be sure before making any kind of claim about Will Graham's sanity. 
 He's taken Abigail Hobbs. 
 You have any idea where they might be going? 
 No. 
 We have evidence that she was involved in some of her father's crimes. 
 We just don't know how involved. Is it possible that Will knew what Abigail was doing? Is that why he's protecting her? 
 There's something you should hear. 
 How did you feel seeing Marissa Schuur impaled in his antler room? 
 (Will):  Guilty. 
 (Hannibal):  Because you couldn't save her? 
 (Will):  Because I felt like I killed her. 
 Where was Will the night that Marissa Schuur was killed? 
 He was supposed to be in his hotel room. 
 I knocked on his door. He didn't answer. 
 We know he was in Dr. Sutcliffe's office the night that he was killed. 
 And Will was the last person to visit Georgia Madchen before she died. 
 This dissociative personality state you say he goes into... whose personality is it? 
 He said he got so close to Garret Jacob Hobbs and what he had done... that he felt he was becoming him. 
 And now he has Hobbs' daughter. 
 Who Hobbs intended to kill. 
 I'm so sorry, Jack. 
 You look a little pasty. 
 Maybe you shouldn't have checked yourself out of the hospital. 
 I feel fine. 
 It would've been my mom's birthday next week. 
 We were gonna climb Eagle Mountain to celebrate. 
 Highest point in Minnesota, but... it's not really that high. 
 Less than three hours to summit. You can see Lake Superior from there. 
 I could take you if-if you wanna go. 
 I think it would just make me sad. 
 Some places are stained now. 
 Some people too. 
 I know I am. 
 (Crows cawing) 
 (Crows cawing) 
 The copycat knew your father well enough to know about this place. 
 You felt like you knew my father? 
 I wanted to understand him. 
 I felt like I had to understand him. 
 Do you ever hunt? 
 I fish. 
 It's the same thing, isn't it? 
 One you stalk, the other you lure. 
 Were you more a fisherman or a hunter? 
 My dad taught me how to hunt. 
 No, that's not what I'm asking. 
 All those girls your dad killed... 
 Did you fish, or did you hunt, Abigail? 
 I was the lure. 
 Did Hannibal tell you? 
 No, he didn't. 
 He said you'd protect me, that you'd keep it a secret. 
 (Will breathing heavily) 
 (She gasps.) 
 There is something wrong with you. 
 I think you're still sick. Oh, God, oh, God. 
 Jack Crawford was right about you. 
 He knew. 
 You killed Nick Boyle, and you helped your father kill all of those girls. 
 No. I didn't help my dad kill anybody. 
 No, you lured them. You killed them. 
 How many other people have you killed? 
 Do you think I'm the copycat? You think I killed Marissa? 
 If you didn't kill her, Abigail, then somebody you know did. 
 Ever think that somebody could be you? 
 You were there, you saw Marissa. 
 (Her voice becoming distant) 
 You knew about this place, and there is something wrong with you. 
 What? 
 (Will breathing rapidly) 
 (Woman): Sir. I'm afraid you're gonna have to leave. 
 We're preparing the cabin for the next passengers. 
 I'm sorry, where... 
 Where are we? 
 Dulles international, Virginia. 
 Was there a young woman traveling with me? 
 All the other passengers are disembarked. It's just you, sir. 
 Abigail. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I was so worried about you. 
 Will told me he was taking you to Minnesota, and I strongly advised against it. 
 Where is Will? 
 I left him at the cabin. 
 I didn't feel safe with him, so I left him. 
 He knows everything. 
 So does Jack Crawford. 
 If I run, they'll catch me, won't they? 
 You can't protect me anymore. 
 They'll arrest you when they find you, yes. 
 And Will. 
 Did he kill Marissa? 
 They will believe he did. 
 They will believe he killed others too. 
 Will always said whoever called the house that morning was the serial killer. 
 Why did you really call? 
 I wanted to warn your father that Will Graham was coming for him. 
 Why? 
 I was curious what would happen. 
 I was curious what would happen when I killed Marissa. 
 I was curious what you would do. 
 You wanted me to kill Nick Boyle. 
 I was hoping. 
 I wanted to see how much like your father you were. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Nicholas Boyle is more important for you gutting him. 
 He changed you, Abigail. 
 That's more important than the life he clamored after. 
 How many people have you killed? 
 Many more than your father. 
 Are you going to kill me? 
 I'm so sorry, Abigail. 
 I'm sorry I couldn't protect you in this life. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 