Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Beware Those Closest to You - Dominion 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Beware Those Closest to You https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=358&t=19304 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/07/14 20:54 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Beware Those Closest to You 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Dominion... 
 Gabriel's massing for another war. 
 And like Gabriel, some of them have always hated man. 
 [Grunts] 
 You are the chosen one. 
 It's time for a family meeting. 
 How could you keep the child a secret from us? 
 Does the child know about your colorful past? 
 I'm taking the high road, waiting for the child to find his true nature and come to me on his own. 
 It is my great pleasure to announce the engagement of Claire Riesen to William Whele. 
 I am not marrying William Whele. 
 Because you are in love with Alex. 
 You're gonna marry William. 
 I need to look out for the city. 
 I know when someone's hiding something, and... you are guilty as charged. 
 [Grunts] 
 I had no idea there were higher angels hiding within the city walls. 
 You told me you'd never lie to me. 
 You just neglected to tell me that one of my closest friends is a higher angel. 
 The angels took everything from us, and there are idiots who still worship them. 
 We all have faith that you can be saved. 
 [Screams] 
 As soon as this wedding is over, you are gonna tell the city that you have done everything that you possibly can, and then you're gonna step down. 
 Your brother told me things about you, things about your past. 
 Is it true? 
 We're not done here! 
 We have to engage this threat of higher angels in any and all ways available to us. 
 How can we spend the treasury funds on detection methods that may never exist? I mean, we have no way of knowing if there is a way to detect these archangels. 
 Whoa, hold up there, man. 
 I need to speak with the Senate. 
 What the hell is he doing? 
 Guards! Guards! 
 It's important. It's important. 
 It's about Michael. 
 It can wait. 
 I'm not sure it can, sir. 
 Let him go. 
 I'd like to hear what he has to say. 
 He can say it somewhere else. 
 I have two minutes of time left. 
 I cede my time to the soldier. 
 I want to hear this information he has about the Archangels. 
 My name is Alex Lannon, Sergeant First Class, Archangel Corps. 
 I've served under Michael's command for the last 7 1/2 years. 
 What earth-shattering event gave you the feeling that you could barge into this chamber? 
 Michael has lied to the Senate. 
 [All murmuring] 
 To all of us. 
 He has knowingly been keeping higher angels hidden in Vega... 
 I knew it. 
 Ever since the walls were built. 
 That's absurd. 
 Where is his evidence? 
 The maid in House Riesen... 
 That's preposterous! 
 The angel that killed a 10-year-old girl. 
 Michael personally supplied her with a citizen I.D. seven years ago. 
 Are you suggesting that Michael was complicit in the attack? 
 Sir, I don't know. 
 There must be an explanation for all of this. 
 Michael's dedicated his life to humans. 
 Then why has he killed so many of them? 
 Michael didn't always protect us. 
 There was a time he massacred us. 
 [Overlapping shouting, chatter] 
 Sergeant, do you have any proof? 
 Yes, his words. 
 He opened up to me. He confessed to all of it. 
 And there's more. 
 For the last seven years, Michael has hidden a higher angel in the Archangel Corps, someone who is supposed to protect all of us. 
 Give us a name. Who? 
 Her name is Noma Banks. 
 [Crowd gasping, murmuring] 
 Alex Lannon just testified before the Senate. 
 What did he say? 
 He told us things. 
 Things even I never knew about you. 
 I should never have trusted him. 
 The Senate's voted to begin hearings to remove you. 
 There's talk of forced exile. 
 I'll save them the trouble. 
 Is it true? 
 What do you think? 
 I need you to continue to protect Louis. 
 He's a good soul. 
 He's done nothing wrong. 
 If they expose him, he'll only be executed by the Senate. 
 Please, Becca, keep him safe. 
 You have my word. 
 You wondered if I was capable of love. 
 I hope you know the answer to that now. 
 [Background chatter] 
 [Whooshing] 
 After all I've done for you. 
 Guards! 
 Get off me. 
 [Crowd screaming] 
 Archangel... stand down! 
 [Commotion] 
 [Dramatic music] 
 ♪ 
 When we join with Gabriel... 
 All : He will have joined with us. 
 When we offer him solemn loyalty... 
 All : He will save us. 
 When we are broken... 
 All : We are made stronger in our broken places. 
 When we are stronger... 
 All : We are worthy. 
 When we are worthy... 
 All : We are safe. 
 [Low conversation] 
 It's too much. Thank you. 
 Could you leave us for a minute? 
 Thank you. 
 You wanted to see me? 
 Yes, I heard about Michael. I can't believe it. 
 Going up in front of the Senate can't have been easy for you. 
 You did the right thing, Alex. 
 I got to say, I... 
 I never thought I'd see you in a wedding dress. 
 You look really nice. 
 I got to go. 
 I should have gone with you that night after the jubilee. 
 You, me, and Bix, we should have gone to New Delphi, but I screwed it up... 
 We're past this. and it's because my father instilled this stupid sense of responsibility inside of me. 
 What do you want me to do, huh? 
 Throw you over my shoulder and just sneak you out of the city? 
 No, of course not. 
 You're the one who convinced me not to run away from who I am, from what I have to do. 
 What are you doing, Alex? 
 Trying to end this war. 
 Oh. How? By evicting eight-balls? 
 How's that working out for you? 
 It wasn't so great for my mother, was it? 
 I was just trying to help you. 
 Yeah, well, I didn't ask for your help. 
 What did you invite me here for? 
 Don't you have somewhere to be? 
 A wedding? 
 Yes. 
 To someone that you don't love? 
 This is bigger than me and William. 
 This is about the people. 
 The people? 
 It's not about the power? 
 Are you serious? 
 Lady of the City. 
 No. 
 Do you honestly think I would want to sit in that senate if it wasn't to change things? 
 I don't know, Claire. 
 I can't believe you. 
 [Door opens, closes] 
 Welcome to Vega, ladies. 
 We come bearing solemn news. 
 Evelyn. 
 You did what had to be done. 
 You've earned Vega's trust. 
 You are a courageous woman, Arika. 
 Evelyn was courageous. 
 In a world dominated by men, she built a city of women. 
 When our faith was lost, she taught us to honor the divine feminine. 
 I will miss her. 
 You're late. 
 Head winds. 
 You know, my shoulder still hurts. 
 You... have claws. 
 It had to look convincing. 
 Gabriel's spies could be anywhere. 
 Well, it did. 
 Good. 
 Everyone from the Lord of the City to the V-1s on the street, they believe that I turned against you. 
 You think it's not gonna work? 
 My brother's not easily fooled, Alex. 
 He wants the chosen one, that's what he's gonna get. 
 It won't be that simple. 
 I should do this myself. 
 No, he'll never let his guard down with you. 
 I'll get him to trust me. 
 I'll get close enough to gut him. 
 If you get close enough to stab him, he'll take you down with him. You'll both be dead. 
 If it means ending this war, I'll take my chances. 
 My mother, Jeep... they sacrificed their lives. 
 Maybe everything you've taught me, all the training... 
 It's come to this. 
 Sometimes when it's quiet, I imagine the sound of the waves crashing, spray against my face, the smell of salt. 
 I miss home. 
 I missed you. 
 I missed you too, Uriel. 
 You do know how to make a woman wait. 
 Where have you been? 
 You know my brothers. 
 Such a drain on my time. 
 When do I get to meet Claire? 
 Soon. When she's alone. 
 If you're right about her... it changes everything. 
 When has my intuition ever failed you? 
 Hmm? 
 You may not be the only intuitive one here. 
 Does anyone suspect who you really are? 
 The men in Vega are no different than anywhere else, too arrogant to consider the notion that they're being deceived. 
 [Both chuckle] 
 Still, if they found out who you really are, they'd string you up in the town square. 
 You'd be the most beautiful martyr the Cradle has ever seen. 
 I'm not worried. 
 They think they have Evelyn's head on a pillow. 
 They have no idea that I'm alive and well and living in their lord's mansion. 
 And do you, Claire, take the hand of William and promise to love, cherish, and nourish his every breath until you breathe your last? 
 I do. 
 Then by the power vested in me by the City of Vega and under the embrace of the Savior, I now pronounce you husband and wife. 
 [Orchestral music] 
 ♪ 
 Claire, I want you to know that my expectations tonight are no different than they were last night. 
 It's okay. 
 Thank you. 
 No, really, thank you. 
 Why here? 
 Gabriel will suspect a trap if we're anywhere near Vega. 
 So I'm supposed to kill Gabriel and end this war at a water park? 
 Just keep your focus on the blade. 
 Those things Gabriel said about you, the Flood, I don't believe any of it. 
 You should. 
 So many lives, I've lost count. 
 All cut short by my sword. 
 So it's true. 
 My father would send me out to exact his wrath. 
 I was carrying out his command. 
 Couldn't you have said no? 
 I could have, but I didn't. 
 I never hesitated, not once. 
 Why? 
 I'm loathe to admit it, but the blood, the violence... 
 It was intoxicating. 
 You weren't always this way. 
 There was a boy, barely nine years old. 
 I slew his father, and I was about to slay him when my brother and sister finally caught up with me. 
 Gabriel and Uriel had been trying to stop my killing spree for decades. 
 They thought father had gone too far, that I had gone too far. 
 And they beat me within an inch of my life. 
 Wait. 
 Gabriel defended humans? 
 I was lying in that field for days, too weak to move. 
 And suddenly water trickled into my mouth. 
 It was the same boy. 
 He stumbled upon me while he was herding his goats. 
 When I was well enough to speak, I asked him if he recognized me, and he nodded. 
 Then I asked him why he saved my life. 
 What did he say? 
 He said, "Because it was the right thing to do." 
 That's when I realized my father's commands weren't always straightforward. 
 Sometimes they were a test. 
 In this instance, a test I had failed. 
 How do you live with yourself? 
 Your rise is my redemption, Alex. 
 Don't let me down. 
 No pressure. 
 [Whooshing] 
 Hi. 
 Please, don't look at me like that. 
 Like what? 
 Where's Furiad? 
 Pleasant View, 201. 
 [Wings whooshing] 
 How did you get him there? 
 You and Furiad? 
 It was eons ago, Alex. 
 I knew he'd agree to meet. 
 I just didn't tell him I'd be a little late. 
 Ever since I met you, it's all been lies. 
 No. 
 It wasn't all lies, Alex. 
 So, in basic training, when we first met, and you switched bunks next to mine, it wasn't because Ethan was a snorer. 
 You were keeping tabs on me. 
 Ethan snored, like a dying whale. 
 You heard him. 
 Look. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I wish I could have been straight with you. 
 I was just following Michael's orders. 
 He told me to take care of you. 
 Yeah, you took care of me all right. 
 He didn't tell me to sleep with you. 
 That was all me. 
 Come on, Alex. 
 It's me. 
 Hey. 
 We have to work together? Fine. 
 But let's not pretend like everything's back to normal. 
 Noma? 
 Show mercy. 
 Let me ask you, what would Gabriel do to you if he knew you were having a tryst with my lieutenant? 
 Hmm? 
 I'm sure your death would neither be swift nor painless. 
 What do you want? 
 It appears the Angel's dorsal scapula, where the wings retract, contain tissue that's penetrable. 
 That's the autopsy. What about Lab Two? 
 We just made an interesting discovery. 
 Turns out their muscles are vulnerable to electric shock, just like ours. 
 We can induce temporary paralysis. 
 Any word from Michael? 
 After all he's done for Vega, all the lives he's saved, this is the way they show their gratitude. 
 Run him out of the town he helped build. 
 I brought your medication. 
 No, no, I don't need that. 
 I'm... 
 I'm leaving Vega. 
 What are you talking about? 
 I refuse to spend the remaining years of my life cooped up in some attic making tables and goddamn chairs. 
 You don't have to. 
 You're an elder statesman, Edward. 
 We need your insight. 
 Any insight I had has been imparted long ago. 
 You're ready, Becca. You and Claire, you're ready. 
 Edward, we need you. 
 Not like this, you don't. 
 I've never stood still. 
 I'm not about to start now. 
 I take it you haven't told Claire. 
 She'd just try to talk me out of it. 
 Where are you gonna go? 
 There's nowhere safe outside of these walls. 
 It's suicide, Edward. 
 If I can make it to New Delphi, I like my chances. 
 Help her, Becca. 
 Take care of her, for me. 
 You heard him? 
 His wings. Furiad's on board. 
 They're waiting for me at the peak. 
 Here. 
 What's this? 
 Scotch, 18-year-old single malt. 
 You can make a toast at my funeral. 
 I love the confidence. 
 Gabriel's not gonna be throwing me a welcome home party. 
 There's a chance I might never make it out of his aerie. 
 Noma. 
 Noma. Noma! 
 What? 
 If you don't want to go through with this, I totally understand. 
 I've come this far. You think I'm giving up now? 
 You have to promise me, if things go sideways, don't try to protect me. 
 Whatever you need to do to take Gabriel down, you do it. 
 What's that supposed to mean? 
 Just promise me. 
 I promise you. 
 Madame Arika, I am so sorry to hear about Evelyn. 
 Though it pains me, I know Helena will be better for it. 
 Our holy priestess Laurel has just arrived from Helena. 
 She would like to offer you a prayer of matrimony. 
 Well, I would be honored. 
 Lady Riesen, everyone in Helena celebrates your ascension to power. 
 One day soon, we hope you will come and visit us. 
 Well, I would love to. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 May the loving tides carry you both in her arms. 
 Hmm. 
 Bless you. 
 You were right. 
 She's carrying the chosen one's child. 
 Nuclear power seems almost trivial now. 
 We have plenty of time to get their energy. 
 For now, we just need to spirit Claire and the unborn child to Helena. 
 And if Alex is like other men, he'll follow them wherever we take them. 
 And when he's able to translate the markings, I will learn how to defeat my brothers, end the bloodshed once and for all. 
 A world at peace. 
 Just as my father wanted. 
 Look who's here, Michael's loyal lieutenant. 
 Archangel Gabriel. 
 Bold move, showing up within my blade's reach. 
 I have nowhere else to turn. 
 Michael attacked Alex. 
 He's reverted back to his old ways. 
 Only a matter of time. 
 The child has lost complete faith in Michael. 
 And honestly, so have I. 
 So why come to me? 
 Alex wants to meet you. 
 I don't believe her. 
 She's speaking the truth. 
 Oh, really, Furiad? 
 He's found out about Michael's past, and he's furious. 
 He wants to hear your side of the story. 
 Very well. 
 I'll meet with the boy. 
 Thank you, Archangel. 
 [Chuckles] 
 What? 
 You didn't expect I'd just walk into some trap. 
 Lock her up, Felicia. 
 Dad? 
 Have you seen my father? 
 No, ma'am, I haven't. 
 Okay. 
 Sir, you're not supposed to leave the walls without a security detail. 
 Watch me. 
 [Engine turns over] 
 [Footsteps approaching] 
 Jeep? 
 Shh. 
 How did you get here? 
 Quiet. 
 No one can know I'm here. 
 Come on. 
 Beat me pretty good before. 
 Any better now? 
 Take it. 
 What are you doing? 
 What would you give up to bring me back? 
 To bring Bixby back? 
 Anything. 
 Everything. 
 You haven't learned a thing. 
 [Grunting] 
 It's your destiny to save humanity, all of us, not some of us. 
 I don't understand. 
 It's time to cut yourself free, son. 
 [Grunting] 
 You have to be alone in this, Alex. 
 It's the only way. 
 You'll never be the chosen one. 
 I am the chosen one! 
 No, you're not. Not yet. 
 [Grunting] 
 Oh, no. Oh, Dad... 
 Dad. 
 Dad. 
 Dad! 
 No! 
 What are you doing here? 
 He's coming. 
 Gabriel's not coming. 
 He should have been here by now. 
 Something's off. 
 Let's go back to Vega. 
 Warning : Perimeter Breach. 
 [Alarm blaring] 
 Warning : Perimeter Breach. 
 Halt! 
 Got I.D.? 
 I do. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Open fire! 
 My name is Gabriel. 
 I surrender. 
 
 
 
 Where's Riesen? 
 He's gone. 
 What? 
 We need to focus on the task at hand. 
 Every minute Gabriel is alive is an opportunity for him to strike. 
 He needs to be executed immediately. 
 He's an archangel. 
 Do we even know how to kill him, short of a nuclear bomb? 
 I can only infer, based on the autopsies of higher angels, but their bodies will shatter with a large enough concussive blast. 
 I have no reason to believe that an archangel would be any different. 
 You want to blow him up? 
 Yes. 
 I propose we seal him in a concrete vault surrounded with as much C4 as we possibly can, and we detonate. 
 Claire, I think your first instinct is the right one. 
 Let's interrogate him. 
 Let's learn everything we can. 
 We have him in custody. 
 It does seem like a wasted opportunity if we don't try, after what happened with Felicia. 
 The risk is too high to wait. 
 But think of the reward. 
 We could uncover every higher angel in the city, securing Vega's future. 
 Yes. 
 Killing Gabriel now would be shortsighted, Consul. 
 Higher angels won't stop attacking just because he's dead. 
 You've wanted to banish Michael for as long as I've known you, David. 
 And now you want to keep Gabriel alive inside our walls for intelligence? 
 William, Becca, could you leave us for a moment? 
 Of course. 
 David, Gabriel killed your wife, your kids. 
 Why do you not want his head on a stick? 
 I... detest him, but I can't allow my emotion to cloud my judgment. 
 He has information we need, and we won't get another chance like this. 
 You know, after I went to your office and I found that acolyte blindfold, I didn't really believe that it was yours. 
 I just wanted to blackmail you. 
 Politics, sorry. 
 But now I have to wonder. 
 Wonder all you want. 
 I've investigated it myself. 
 I traced it back to one of my staff, a handyman. 
 Who? 
 Paul Sanchez. 
 There was an altar to Gabriel in his quarters. 
 It's handled. 
 I'm surprised. 
 I could no more be an angel worshipper than you or your dad, Claire. 
 Okay. 
 So... we learn all we can today, and then we kill him tomorrow. 
 Sure. 
 May he rot in whatever there is left of hell. 
 Surrender seems out of character for you. 
 What would you know about my character? 
 A great deal, actually. 
 I was raised by the man who defeated you in battle. 
 Shame he's not here to greet me. 
 I'm a big fan. 
 The irony being it'll be his daughter who puts you to your death. 
 This is how you play war? 
 Your opposing general lays down his sword, and in appreciation you have him executed. 
 A general who ruthlessly slaughtered my people. 
 I can't say it would be difficult. 
 But I'm not here to talk about your execution. 
 I want to know how many higher angels you have hidden in Vega, and I want names. 
 Ooh. 
 A woman who knows what she wants. 
 I like that. 
 Answer the question. 
 Whether or not I have more personnel inside these walls is irrelevant, is it not? 
 I've surrendered, and I'd like to see my brother. 
 Why? 
 He's my family. 
 Are you going to refuse me a visitor on my last night? 
 Whatever you're planning, it was a mistake to come inside these walls. 
 My plan is simple, Claire. 
 I've come to end the war. 
 All I've ever wanted is my father back. 
 At first, I thought the way to do that was to cleanse the planet of all the humans that have repeatedly let him down. 
 But now the chosen one has arrived. 
 He holds my father's final writings on his body. 
 He can make things right again, without any more bloodshed. 
 Shame you'll never find him. 
 What, you mean Alex? 
 You've seen the markings up close, haven't you? 
 You say you know me. 
 Well, I know you too. 
 You don't know anything about me. 
 Let's see. 
 How about something small, personal, like your favorite flower? 
 Desert sage. 
 My father gave his archangels many gifts, Claire, one of them being heightened senses. 
 I can hear every breath, every movement, every tiny heartbeat. 
 What the hell is he doing? 
 Calling our bluff. 
 Stand down. 
 What the hell are you doing here? 
 I could say the same thing about him. 
 He's on our side, Claire. Always was. 
 Well, Gabriel wants to see him. 
 Me? 
 Yes. 
 I don't trust him. Let me go in. 
 No, it's too dangerous. 
 Alex, he knows your name. 
 He's the one in a cage, not us. 
 I'm the one he wants to see. 
 I'll go inside. 
 Michael, we both know this is a trap. 
 Let me go in. 
 Let me end this once and for all. 
 No, absolutely not. 
 This city is on lockdown, and that cell has half a million volts running through it. 
 Until we understand the dangers that we face, you are not to go anywhere. 
 Alex... 
 I am the Lady of the City now, and that is an order. 
 Are we clear? 
 Yes, we're clear. 
 Good. 
 I'm going in. 
 This ends now. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 Is there something wrong? 
 I saw you in that meeting. 
 You were wavering, thinking about voting to have Gabriel executed immediately. 
 What should I have done, made some impassioned argument to keep him alive when Claire Riesen suspects I'm a traitor? 
 She found the blindfold here in our house, remember? 
 I was protecting us. 
 Or were you trying to protect yourself? 
 All the while, pushing Gabriel under the bus. 
 You can believe what you like. 
 It's not your doubts about my loyalty that worry me. 
 It's that you're blinded by your devotion to Gabriel. 
 I'm not blinded. 
 I trust him. 
 Because he values me in a way you'll never understand. 
 Then why didn't he tell you he was coming to Vega? 
 Why not whisper to the leader of your acolytes that you're gonna walk through the gate and surrender? 
 Are there others that he trusts more? 
 He'll reveal his intentions when he feels the time is right. 
 William, believe me, it is my hope that Gabriel has been honest, but we have to allow for the possibility that he could expose us. 
 My faith in Gabriel is as strong as it has ever been. 
 And it's not him that I am worried about. 
 I'll expect you to do everything in your power to prevent his execution. 
 Where's Noma? 
 In safekeeping. 
 Sending your friend to earn my trust? 
 I was impressed, Alex. 
 But now I'm disappointed. 
 You see, you're still as close to my brother as always. 
 You're still not learning. 
 There's nothing you can teach me, Gabriel. 
 Oh, there is, if you'll only listen. 
 I am what I am. 
 I own all my mistakes. 
 But I'm the only one that's never lied to you. 
 All those closest to you, Jeep... 
 You think you know me. 
 Michael, even Claire. 
 You think you know who I am? 
 You have no idea. 
 They all use you for their own ends. 
 You have no idea who I am! 
 Come with me, Alex. 
 [Electricity surges] 
 [Groans] 
 Think about Claire. 
 I have acolytes everywhere, Alex. 
 If I die, she dies, along with your unborn child inside her. 
 What did you say? 
 That's right, Alex. 
 You're going to be a father. 
 I can sense you hovering. 
 What did you say to stay Alex's hand? 
 [Laughs] 
 He did leave quickly, didn't he? 
 You only delayed the inevitable, Gabriel. 
 I remember yours was the first voice I ever heard. 
 The first moment, I was alone in darkness, but I remember you, your essence there with me. 
 I remember. 
 It comforted me, gave me hope. 
 The day we were made, my other, my twin Archangel Gabriel. 
 Only Uriel and Raphael know what it is to be joined as we are. 
 Even the son of morning was born alone. 
 Our bond always allowed me to know what you were thinking. 
 And now you only baffle me. 
 My yin, my better half. 
 You broke the bond first, Michael, when you stopped listening. 
 I felt I had no choice. 
 You know what I'm doing, Michael? 
 I'm illuminating you, just like I tried centuries ago. 
 Tell me, brother, have you ever doubted these humans? 
 I mean, they're intelligent. I'll give them that. 
 I mean, this... this impressive wing restraint. 
 I mean, this must have been in the works for quite some time. 
 What do you think it's made from? 
 It actually... it feels like Empyrean steel. 
 They're up to no good, Michael. 
 Whatever keeps you in line, it's good in my book. 
 Louis doesn't have to be kept in line. 
 He's done nothing wrong. 
 Except of course when I possessed him. 
 What does Louis have to do with this? 
 Well, I had another look at the world through his eyes, and I was surprised by what I saw. 
 A large room, high ceilings, white halls, sterile. 
 Skylight was a nice touch, but what I remember the most was what I saw around him, the white symbol on red. 
 How do I know any of this is true? 
 You don't. 
 But one of our kind is being mistreated by your humans, Michael. 
 The ones you love, the ones who turned you into a traitor. 
 It seems they returned the favor. 
 Brother. 
 Is it true? 
 What? 
 The baby. 
 [Gasps] 
 Is it true? 
 I'm... I'm sorry, Alex. 
 Claire... 
 Look, the truth is, I wasn't actually going to tell you. 
 I thought it would be better if you didn't know. 
 How could that ever be better? 
 Because you can't be a father to this child. 
 That isn't your choice to make. 
 You have no idea what kind of father I'd be. 
 Yes, I do, Alex, and so do you. 
 Alex, both of us grew up missing a parent, and neither of us wants that to happen again. 
 This child, our baby, is gonna grow up safe and cared for. 
 By William? 
 Yes. You said it yourself. 
 Anyone close to you has a target on their back, especially your baby, the chosen one's baby. 
 Gabriel knows you're pregnant. 
 Yeah, well, he's not gonna... 
 There's acolytes everywhere. 
 I don't care. 
 He's not gonna be a problem any longer. 
 Until he's dead, Claire, we need to move you to a bunker. 
 Surround yourself with as many guards as we can trust. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Alex, no, I'm not just gonna disappear underground, not while the city is at risk. 
 I'm not taking any risk. Call in the Corps. 
 We need another dozen guards up here right now. 
 Copy that. Control... 
 Michael. 
 Michael, can you hear me? 
 Michael. 
 What? 
 I need you at House Riesen right now. 
 Claire needs your protection. 
 Michael, where are you? 
 House Thorn. 
 Michael. 
 Michael! 
 Something is wrong with Michael. 
 I got to go. 
 Stay here. 
 Don't take your eyes off of her. 
 Yes, Sergeant. Take cover. 
 Got it. 
 Michael, what is this place? 
 Louis is here. 
 What? 
 Why? 
 They're dissecting us. 
 Be ready. 
 Gabriel can still possess him. 
 [Distant] Michael... 
 Michael. 
 Louis. 
 Michael. 
 It's time. 
 We're going to get you out of here. 
 Michael. 
 No, leave it. 
 [Groans] 
 Michael, look at me. 
 Look what's left of me. 
 As my friend, please. 
 Please. 
 Please. 
 When Father returns. 
 When Father returns. 
 You lied to me. 
 I need to keep Vega safe. 
 Look at the extreme measures you've taken to do so. 
 It's complicated, Michael. 
 Michael! 
 This whole time you've been using me. 
 Michael, hey, hey! 
 No. 
 Gathering information on... on my kind! 
 Michael! 
 Michael! 
 That's not why I was with you. 
 I did care about you. 
 Look at him! 
 Michael, calm down! 
 You don't have to believe me, but my feelings for you were real. 
 Protecting the people of this city is more important to me than anything, and I'm sorry if you can't understand that. 
 You kept Furiad's blade the entire time. 
 What were you going to do, kill me with it? 
 Michael, I... 
 [Gasps] 
 Michael! 
 Michael, let her go. 
 Hey! Michael! 
 Let her go. 
 Michael, put her down! 
 [Groans] 
 I was protecting us. 
 [Bones snap] 
 No! 
 Michael, what have you done? 
 [Door opens] 
 There's Michael. 
 He's killed the Senator! 
 Michael, please! 
 No! Michael, stop! 
 Stop! 
 Michael! 
 Michael, that's enough. 
 You've gone too far. 
 Everything you've taught me. 
 Everything you've taught me. 
 Everything! 
 And this is how it ends. 
 To be fair, I did try to warn you. 
 My brother's rage knows no bounds. 
 You stay away from me. 
 And you stay away from Claire. 
 [Laughs] Claire. 
 Is that all you're worried about? 
 My acolytes are everywhere in Vega. 
 The ivory towers, the nuclear plants, your military. 
 I mean, how do you think I walked out of my cell? 
 Come on, Alex! 
 Put your faith in me. 
 Give me a chance to guide you. 
 The only way we can end this war and bring Father back is through your markings. 
 It's never gonna happen. 
 Yes, it will. 
 Otherwise I'll burn this city and everyone in it to the ground. 
 And I'll kill Noma, too. 
 All that blood, all those lives, will fall on you. 
 Choice is yours. 
 I'm so sorry about Becca. 
 It's horrible. 
 The radar tracked Gabriel going east. 
 We've lost him. 
 He's gone. 
 It's not your fault. 
 I was so stupid thinking we could hold him, even if it was just for a few hours. 
 My father wouldn't have hesitated. 
 Hey. 
 It's my fault too. 
 I supported the decision to have the execution delayed. 
 It's okay. 
 We'll get through this, as a family. 
 You know? 
 I overheard you and Alex, and I'm not going to stand here and pretend it doesn't hurt. 
 But I have a forgiving heart, Claire, especially for the ones I love. 
 And I will proudly raise this child as if it was my own. 
 I'll protect it with my life. 
 William... 
 Probably silly to think flowers would cheer you up in a moment like this, but I thought I'd give it a go. 
 My favorite flowers. 
 Well, at least they used to be. 
 Desert sage. 
 Why did you want to delay Gabriel's execution? 
 I didn't. 
 I don't... What do you mean? 
 For the same reason you did. 
 The blindfold I found in your house, it was yours. 
 Claire, you're not making sense. 
 You know who made perfect sense today? 
 Gabriel, when he told me that you were an acolyte. 
 Claire, you can't listen to Gabriel. 
 He's a liar. 
 He's just trying to get under your skin. 
 How would you know that? 
 You've never met him, right? 
 No, of course not. 
 I held your hand. 
 I-I prayed with you. 
 I trusted you. 
 Claire, this is a misunderstanding. 
 No, don't touch me. 
 You're not making sense. 
 Guards! 
 Claire. 
 Don't touch me. 
 You've got this wrong. 
 Take him to the servant quarters, and do not breathe a word of this to anyone. 
 No, Claire, hear me out! 
 Just let me explain! 
 Go. 
 Bye, William. 
 It's a father's worst nightmare. 
 The public can't know the Principate was an acolyte. 
 Today, William was in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
 He got in the way of Gabriel as he escaped. 
 I don't want him made a hero in death. 
 He was a coward. 
 I'll handle the announcement, and the details. 
 And I'll mourn him appropriately. 
 You always knew how to push brother's buttons. 
 Just as I had predicted, he's fallen back into his old ways. 
 Is the chosen one coming too? 
 I'm cautiously optimistic about his loyalty. 
 How about yours? 
 As promised. 
 My sword is yours. 
 In the absence of my son, Gabriel has asked me to lead this sacred congregation. 
 Let us pray, all of us together. 
 When we join with Gabriel... 
 All : He will join with us. 
 When we offer him solemn loyalty... 
 All : He will save us. 
 When we are broken... 
 All : We are stronger in our broken places. 
 When we are stronger... 
 All : We are worthy. 
 When we are worthy... 
 All : We are safe. 
 When we join with Gabriel... 
 All : He joins with us. 
 When we are stronger, we are worthy. 
 When we are worthy, we are safe. 
 When we join with Gabriel, he joins with us. 
 When we offer him solemn loyalty, he will save us. 
 [Coughing, screaming] 
 Alex. 
 Gabriel's escaped. 
 I'm hearing all kinds of crazy rumors about Michael. 
 What the hell happened? 
 Ethan, I need to ask you a favor. 
 I need you to give this to Claire. 
 Come on, man, tell me what's going on. 
 Someday I'll explain everything to you, but right now, I need you to promise me you'll look after her. 
 Thank you, brother. 
 Can you at least tell me where you're going? 
 You know I can't. 
 [Gasps] 
 Dad? 
 What are you doing? 
 Where are we? 
 Claire wants you executed as a traitor. 
 Well, just give me a chance. I just need to explain to her. 
 She doesn't have any evidence. 
 She doesn't need evidence. She's Lady of the City. 
 And you indicted yourself. 
 Ahh. 
 Just make it quick. 
 You could have implicated me. 
 You could have told Claire that I was involved, but you didn't because you are loyal. 
 You are strong. 
 I may be broken, but I'm not gonna shoot my own son. 
 Food, water, supplies for two, maybe three days out here. 
 Whatever you do, you can never come back to Vega. 
 Go. 
 Will I see you again? 
 [Car starts] 
 "My name is Alex Lannon. I'm your father. And these are the hardest words I've ever written. When I was a boy, I was given a letter by my dad, a note that took me years to understand. My hope here is that the message is clear. Your father loved you and never wanted to leave you. It breaks my heart to say good-bye without ever meeting you. It's what I had to do, not just for you, but for all of us. I do this to give you what I never had, a normal life, a family, happiness. Things in short supply. But if you're reading this, then chances are everything I've done will have been worth it. I love you. More than you'll ever know. Your father, Alex." 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 