Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x01 - The Long Island Terror - Paranormal Witness 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x01 - The Long Island Terror https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=409&t=20112 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/07/13 02:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x01 - The Long Island Terror 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Would you ever think that rebuilding a home would cause such devastation? 
 I saw what appeared to be a man. 
 They were coming from inside the walls. 
 [Banging] 
 There was a lot of pressure down there, like, I got to get out of here. 
 They conjured up demons. 
 All this time, they had been lurking down there. 
 [Crashing] 
 [Screams] 
 They're gonna keep hurting me. 
 [Doors slamming] 
 Mom! 
 Mom! 
 Stay away from me! 
 It's like the final conflict for me. 
 [Indistinct shouting, screaming] 
 [Flames whoosh] 
 [Shrieks] 
 Good evening. A burning building turns into a death trap. 
 The blaze in a four-story apartment house trapped the firefighters in the top floor. 
 All six were forced to jump. 
 [Sobs] 
 I'm sad to tell the people of this great city that we have lost... 
 Two of our bravest today. 
 My husband, Curt, was a New York City firefighter. 
 I never thought that he wouldn't come home. 
 We just loved being a family. 
 We just had kind of a plan. 
 This is the way I saw my parents do it, and it just is a natural... 
 Flow of things. Never thinking... 
 That uh... 
 That it all fell apart so quickly. 
 They were faced with the horrifying choice, of either jumping from the fourth floor window or being burned to death. 
 Lieutenant Curtis Meyran of battalion twenty six. 
 And firefighter John Bellew... 
 The first thing I thought of was... 
 How... 
 Do I tell these children... 
 That they'll never see their father again? 
 They were inconsolable. 
 How can I get them through this? 
 They don't have a father. 
 I mean, I don't think you ever really could be prepared, but it definitely hit me really hard. 
 I just remember sitting, crying our eyes out. 
 I'll never forget that day. 
 This was a very high profile tragedy. 
 There were those towers and cameras all over the walk. 
 [Camera shutter clicking] 
 No, I have nothing to say. 
 Want your side of the story... 
 Just leave us alone. 
 The paparazzi from hell. It was terrible. There was no compassion. 
 [Door slams shut] 
 [Indistinct radio chatter] 
 It was just constant, you know? They wanted pictures, they wanted interviews. 
 They wanted to talk to us, and we just wanted to be left alone. 
 I said, maybe we should try to find some little, small place, that we could maybe escape from this, away from the city, away from the cameras. 
 And hopefully to find some peace. 
 We stumbled across a house. 
 The attraction was that it was a big piece of property, an acre of land, which was actually unheard of on Long Island. 
 I began to see that this may be a way to give them a new life. 
 To wean them from their daddy's place that he built. 
 When we were finally able to move into the house, you know, we brought bags of stuff. 
 We were all very anxious to kind of just get in and get everything where it needed to be. 
 I felt like it was gonna be the start of something really good. 
 I was gonna get lot of help in building this new home. 
 My husband's fireman buddies all chipped in. 
 One in particular was a fireman... my husband's friend Tom. 
 We have a strong brotherhood, the firefighters. 
 There were a lot of members of the Fire Department that wanted to help Jeanette. 
 Listen, Jen, just a couple of more weeks, and we're done, eh? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Couple more weeks. 
 I was determined to make these children have hope and feel better. 
 In your wildest dreams, would you ever think, that rebuilding a home would cause, such devastation to a family? 
 While the house was being built, it was all open. 
 I was worried about vandalism. I was worried about tools being left out. 
 We put up seven security cameras... every corner of the house. 
 [Electronic beeping] 
 The feed from the cameras was patched through to the computer. 
 So the first night doing this, it was a new toy for me, so I tuned in. 
 And they were in black and white. You really couldn't see much. 
 But right in the middle of the frame I saw, what appeared to be a man. 
 It just made no sense. 
 Maybe there's something on the lens, or maybe there's something wrong with the camera. 
 I really didn't know what I was looking at. 
 Pretty soon after we moved in, I was laying in my room... 
 And I was feeling really restless... 
 And I had a very uneasy feeling. 
 [Muffled banging] 
 [Rapid muffled banging] 
 I remember hearing these sounds. 
 They were coming from inside the walls... like thumps or knocking. 
 [Muffled banging] 
 [Knocking at door] 
 Hello? 
 It was like someone was knocking on the door, like... knock, knock. 
 Hello? 
 The second time I heard it, it was, notice me, notice me, notice me. 
 [Slow muffled banging] 
 [Banging] 
 They were coming from inside the walls. 
 [Rapid knocking] 
 [Intense knocking] 
 And I'd make, like, a little fortress. 
 It didn't feel safe, but it felt good enough that I could just sleep... 
 And wake up, and it wouldn't be there in the morning. 
 What's up? 
 You two girls look terrible. 
 I asked her the next morning if she was walking around at night or if she was thumping or doing something. 
 I heard it too. It was banging. 
 I honestly had not heard anything. 
 And they were telling me something was banging on the walls. 
 They couldn't describe it. 
 Girls, it's just a new house. There you go. 
 I didn't let her know that I was really as scared as I was. 
 And I just said, you know, maybe it's the house settling, or maybe it's the plumbing and the heating in the pipes. 
 It's new to us. We have to learn the sounds of the house. 
 I just need to reassure them and calm them down. 
 And just give them some sort of peace of mind that it's nothing to be afraid of. 
 It was a unique basement, to say the least. 
 There was a lot of debris down there. 
 [Smashing] 
 The backyard was huge, and to me, it was, personally, just like a playground. 
 It was like my heaven. 
 I thought it was really cool that we had this whole backyard full of all these... 
 Trees and symbols. 
 There were bones in my backyard. 
 Me and my sister found this really exciting. 
 We were gonna use the symbols that we had found, and we were gonna draw maps to help us find things. 
 Well, I tried to help Jeanette as much as I can. 
 They already had enough to deal with with the loss of their husband and father. 
 And I had a couple of guys that worked for me, cleaning out a lot of the stuff from the previous owners. 
 And that's when some things were discovered down in the basement. 
 [No audible dialogue] 
 I drew her a map to get to her doll. 
 Hey, no. Go right. 
 All she had to do was follow the directions on the map, and she would be able to figure out where her doll was, and then if she found it, she won. 
 Okay, go forward. 
 Crunch! 
 The hell... 
 Jeanette, I think you should come down here. 
 Hi, guys. 
 What's up? What's the matter? 
 I just saw the looks on their faces. 
 Jen, we, um... 
 We... we found this under some junk that was on the floor. 
 The whole thing was exposed. I saw it for the first time. 
 I don't want the girls to see this. 
 Just get rid of it. 
 Cover it up. 
 Yeah, we'll concrete the whole thing, Jen. 
 The girls will never even know it was here. 
 Right? Nobody has to see it. 
 You paint over something. You don't see it anymore. 
 It's gone... so you think. 
 There was no reason to say anything to my mom because there were stars on the ground, and I didn't think my mom would really care. 
 My mom had left me alone in the house. 
 She had given me instructions when she left that she wanted me to clean up. 
 And I just remember feeling like I wasn't alone. 
 I looked back behind me a couple of times, and there was nobody there. 
 Mom? 
 I couldn't shake this feeling of having somebody watching me, and it was really starting to bother me. 
 [Crashing] 
 Ah! 
 When I came home and walked in the front door... 
 I saw every cabinet, every drawer. 
 The place looked like it had been ransacked. 
 Everything was open, and I didn't see Angela. 
 Angela? 
 I thought that Angela had a tantrum... 
 Angela! 
 Some kind of fit. What on Earth were you thinking? 
 Angela. 
 When I approached her and I saw the look on her face and her eyes... 
 It wasn't me. 
 There's something in the house. 
 I knew that it was not her. I just knew it. 
 Was someone trying to hurt us? Was someone physically here? 
 When I went down there, I definitely was uncomfortable. 
 Hey, guys. 
 Tom? 
 Oh, hey, Jen. 
 You wanted to show me something? 
 They pulled out these pieces of paper bound together. 
 And I saw 1927. 
 Okay, I know this is when they built the house. 
 The pages seemed to be written by the young girl that was the daughter of someone in this house. 
 I saw the name Christina. 
 I realized that she was only a few years older than my own daughters. 
 As I read through the pages, it was an incredibly dark story. 
 She would talk about her father. 
 There were sacrifices... he hurt me again, or, he hurts the animals. 
 They're bleeding, and I bleed like they bleed. 
 These people were sick. This is what went on in this house. 
 But it's mine now. It's gonna be fresh and new. 
 And no one needs to know. And it's over, and it's done with. 
 Oh! Hey, Jen. 
 Thanks again. I couldn't have done it without you. 
 No problem. 
 Hey, you take care now, okay? 
 We'll see you soon. 
 Yup. 
 Okay. 
 All right, boys, let's go. 
 Thanks, everyone. 
 [Vacuum droning] 
 [Vacuum droning] 
 Bang! 
 [Vacuum droning] 
 [Banging, creaking] 
 I thought maybe at first, it was the oil burner... 
 Backfired or something that kind of pressure. 
 It sounded like almost a shot. 
 Bang! 
 I felt that it was coming from the cellar, the basement, because you would feel that impact mostly in the floor and vibrating almost up through the ceiling. 
 [Banging, clattering] 
 I knew that I had to go see or at least try to find out... 
 What it was. 
 You couldn't just ignore it. 
 [Light switch flicking] 
 I went to the cellar door, and I started to head down. 
 [Door creaking] 
 [Distorted mumbling] 
 [Mumbling] 
 [Shrieking] 
 What's that? 
 I felt something evil. 
 I was so frightened. 
 I did not feel, at that point anymore, that there was something wrong with plumbing or anything backfiring. 
 You had a feeling that it was something that was not of this world. 
 [Plates clinking] 
 [Rock music playing over headphones] 
 ♪ Burn this city down. 
 ♪ Can't take it all. [Indistinct whispering] [Quiet whispering] I remember it was very faint, and you would think, let's try really, really hard to listen and hear what they're saying. It was a conversation back and forth between two people very low, almost secretive, like they didn't want you to hear what they were saying. [Indistinct whispering] [Door opening] Mom? [Creaking] Mom, is that you? I get this very uneasy feeling that I'm being watched. [Indistinct whispering] This is our house, our house... I would hear them, you know, use our names. Next Danine. Get Danine... Get Danine. They started using my sister's name. Get Danine... I heard him tell me he was... I'm sorry. I'm still getting this creepy feeling that someone's really watching, focusing, and I look through the frosted glass of the shower door... Mom! Danine! I heard this bloodcurdling "mom"! At the top of her lungs over and over again. Mom! Mom! I'd never heard anything like that in my life. Danine! I don't ever remember being more scared, not knowing... How to protect her. Or if I... If I was even going to be able to, get there before they did. Mom! Mom! Mom! He's going to hurt me. There was no doubt in my mind; He was going to hurt me. Danine! Mom! Danine! Danine! Open the door! Mom! Mom! Mom! Mom! Danine! Danine! Danine! Open the door! Mom! Mom! Danine! Danine, honey, Sweetie... oh, jeez. It looked like almost she was having a seizure, she was that frightened. Come on, sweetheart. It was right there. Come on, sweetheart. A shadow... I don't know who, but he was right there. But, honey, there's nobody here. It was right there. There was a shadow right there. Honey, there's nobody here. There's nobody here. Yes, there was. Come on now. Come on now. Come on. Okay, come on, Danine. Shh, shh, shh. Come on. You too. Okay, just keep moving, all right? [Doors slamming] [All gasping] You could hear this chanting. [Indistinct chanting] It sounded like a group of people performing a ritual. It was very scary. You felt trapped. [Indistinct chanting] Tell him... [indistinct chanting] Bang! And I said, just call daddy. Just call for daddy. And that's what we did. Daddy. Daddy will protect us. Daddy! Dad. Please help us. Daddy. Dad, please help us. This is the time, more than anything, that I needed my dad. That I needed him to be there, and I knew that if he was there, everything would just be fine. [Indistinct chanting] How do you make your baby feel better? How do you protect your children? How can you fight what you can't see? Daddy! Please protect us. Dad! My husband has a friend... Tony. We talked quite often and were very close. And if anyone would believe me, it would be Tony. I remember getting a call from Jeanette after she built the house, saying there was weird stuff going on. Her husband, Curt, was one of my very dear friends. He was a good man. I explained to him about the circle with the star. And trying to explain to him these journals so... That's when he agreed to go downstairs and have a look at things. I took him to the door. I said, I'll wait here. I just refused to go down. I'll go down and see what's down there. She was very frightened of the basement for some reason. There's very few things I fear besides my father and my dentist, but you just felt like you were being watched. There was a lot of pressure down there, like, I got to get out of here. 
 
 [Wood creaking] [Banging and rattling] Something drags my attention to this door. [Rattling] What's behind the door down here, Jeanette? [Rattling] It could be wind. It could be something down there. [Rattling] Oof! It shut. I said, well, time for me to go. I worked for 24 years as a correction officer, and I fear very little. But that basement made me scared. From that point on, we all felt it was a good idea that we have one person stand guard while one of us showered. Why didn't I leave the house? I've invested everything in this house: Time, money, energy, emotions, everything we had. The firemen, they built that with such pride. And I felt like I would be letting them down. I knew that unless I could find a solution quickly... That we were going to have to leave this house and move out. [Buttons beeping] [Crow cawing] The priest knows what to do. The church knows what to do. This is where you find your refuge. Really, to my surprise, he was in total agreement. The priest came up with how to handle it, how to get rid of... Through your faith. Amen. Amen. And you must use holy water. [Chuckles] This isn't gonna be enough. So he gave me gallons of holy water. I spent so much time in my room by myself that I wanted to breathe. I loved being outside on the swing because it took me away from the house. She became more and more withdrawn. She spent more time alone. Well, every five, ten minutes or so, I would look out and just check on her. And it wasn't fully lit back there, so I decided... To look at the cameras in the backyard. I wasn't going really high. I wasn't going really fast. I just kind of kept a really steady, consistent pace. Everything seemed to be all right, and she was swinging back and forth, back and forth. Angela... I saw these figures. Oh, Angela. All of a sudden, I felt this really heavy push. Ah! Crunch! [Screams] Mom! I hit the ground really hard. I remember hearing this horrible... Pop. And I knew I broke something. Somebody help me! Mom! Angela! Mom! Where are you? Angela! Mom! And here she was, crying... Mom, they hurt me. They're gonna keep hurting me. We have to leave. Her ankle was broken in so many places. I went outside with that holy water. I threw it all around. You son of a bitches. Take me, but this is not gonna happen again. Little did I realize that the war... Was about to begin... Battling for my daughter's life. Because I broke my foot, I spent a lot more time alone in my room than I even had before this. Bye, Ang. I'm just gonna pick up your meds. If I had to leave them alone or had to go somewhere, it was only during the day. She was incapacitated, so she knew I was there to run errands. She was safe, she had everything she needed. And, you know, she could reach me by phone. [Door unlatching] [Slow creaking] It was definitely better during the day. But when the sun went down, the house definitely seemed to come more alive. [Crackling] [Tapping] [Rattling] I started to hear the sound of my closet door shaking back and forth. Very softly at first. It started to look to me like there was almost somebody standing on the inside of my door trying to come out. [Clattering] No. It's like a train wreck when you can't look away. No! I saw a black figure that kind of stepped out of my mirror. Stay away from me! What could I do? I couldn't run. I wouldn't make it to the door. Where can I go? And the only thing that came to mind was to jump underneath my bed. It smelled like death. [Roaring] [Whimpering] Ah! [Whimpering] I grabbed the house phone, and I brought it with me underneath the bed, and I called my mom. [Cell phone ringing] [Yelps] Hi, honey. What's the matter? Mom. Mom, he's here! He's in here! My God, no! You could tell she was frightened beyond belief. She was so terrified. I just left everything. I'm gonna be there any second. And I'm running to the car. I'm gonna be home... And she's trying to tell me that I need to pray, and it's gonna take her at least 45 minutes to get here, and I'm thinking to myself, I don't know if I have 45 minutes. Please come here. Please, mom. I really felt like he was gonna hurt me. Stay with me. Just say your prayers. Hail Mary, full of Grace. Lord is with... I'm gonna be home any minute. Mom. Mom, I'm really, really scared. Mom! Mommy! He's coming closer! Mom, he's coming! He's coming! Mom, what do I do? Angela! [Roars] Ah! Oh, Angela! Honey! [Dial tone humming] This growl was like nothing I've ever heard before. Angela? Angela? To actually hear it is showing itself... That's what's in my house right now with my children? I open the door... Nothing. I go... Angela? Angela? I heard nothing. I went up slowly, and I kept calling her, going, please, God, let me not... Let this not be what I think it is. Angela. And I just pictured her ripped apart by this Creature. I walked in the bedroom door, and I didn't see anything. I heard... [sniffles] It was weeping. Very faint. She was so weak. [Sobs] And I said, I'm here. [Sniffles] And I had to pull her out because she couldn't move. She was just begging me... [Sniffles] To please make it go away. It was terrible. How do you make it go away? The priest doesn't know. The holy water is not cutting it anymore. [Crying softly] Hail Mary, full of Grace... I worked so hard. This was for my children. The money, the time, the energy... they deserve to be happy. We deserve a life. This is not right. We have had enough tragedy. We've had enough heartache. That night, I took my kids to my mom's. Because I did not want them staying in that house anymore. [Sighs] We were at our wit's end. We call this paranormal investigator. They'll hopefully know what to do. I'm sorry to call so late. I didn't know where else to turn. I made the phone call to Liz, the paranormal investigator. This was, like, 3:00, 4:00 in the morning. Jeanette I spoke with that night for about an hour. I wanted to help her. Nobody deserves to live in fear the way Jeanette and the girls did. They had so much tragedy in their life with their dad and... Her husband, and then this thing creeps in and takes over. I thought the only solution at this point was to do a cleansing and a blessing on the home. So I called Dawn Joly, psychic medium. It was like a heavy... like a heavy cloud on that whole piece of property. When Dawn walked through the door, I could sense she knew instantly... Where to go, who was there. She explained that there were cults that conjured up evil spirits. Called upon demons, and all this time, they had been lurking down there. The demolition disturbed... All the energy and made an opening. This was theirs. No one could be on that property but them. It's released something, something terrible. The idea is to put salt around the perimeter of the house. Both: Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done. It's like a force field. One can't come over, or one can't come out. Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those... Dawn started burning the Sage. It had to end one way or the other. You know, it was like the final conflict for me. The three of us went down into the basement, and Dawn had the Sage. It was filling the air. Be our protection against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. It was a fight as we were going more and more into the house. The basement was the center of all the activity. And it was so intense down there. Be our protection against the wickedness... I just... Did what I had to do, but I have to tell you, I was so frightened. [Indistinct whispering] And all of his evil spirits... That roam throughout this world, seeking... It was like a battle. I heard chanting. I heard screaming. [Woman screaming] [Indistinct growling and chanting] All: Protect us against the wickedness and the snares of the Devil. May God rebuke him, we humbly pray. [Rattling] Back! Back! Satan, gone! Evil spirit! [Intense music swelling] [Screaming] [Roaring] [Screaming] [Roaring] It burst into flames. Then as quick as that happened... It stopped. [Screaming and gasping] That part of the house was wicked. It really was. [Sighing] The blessing actually worked. We still live in the house. Good morning. Is it okay if we go outside and play? Of course it is. Let's all go. Okay. It was done. It was over. Everything was gonna be fine. Now I really do like living there. My house is full of life. It was a battle won. It's not an easy thing to just make that decision to stay or to go. And we are still there, but we've learned, and we've grown. It changes you. It changes you forever. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 