Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Red Eye - Stitchers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Red Eye https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=299&t=27118 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/11/16 06:33 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Red Eye 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Stitchers... 
 I told Nina I work in video games, and she's already wondering why I spend so much time at the office. 
 So, then you want to go to dinner? 
 I can't. 
 Nina. 
 You weren't at the university library last night. 
 It has nothing to do with you. 
 Then who does it have to do with? 
 Maybe I should take you off your assignment. 
 I've put in way too much time grooming Liam to stop now. 
 (gasps) 
 I think that Liam has been working with your father. 
 Camille was trying to get that information out of him. 
 I don't want you to see Liam anymore. 
 It's too dangerous. I'll do it. 
 Linus? 
 Dad? 
 This must be your son. I didn't think you could make it to sign the medical power of attorney. 
 We need to talk. 
 I was created in the form of someone your subconscious trusts. 
 Hopefully, you'll be predisposed to trust me. 
 You have a sister. 
 What's her name? 
 Ivy Brown. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Hello? 
 Ivy Brown? 
 Look, whatever you're selling, I'm not interested. 
 Oh, no, no, no. No, no, I'm not a salesperson. 
 Um... 
 My name is Kirsten Clark. 
 I'm your sister... half-sister. My father's Daniel Stinger. 
 Ivy? 
 I know who you are. I'm hanging up. 
 No! No, no, no! 
 Wait, wait, please. 
 I'm looking for our father. 
 Don't call me again. 
 (dials) 
 (phone ringing) 
 Hey, you've reached Ivy, leave a message. 
 Hi, Ivy, it's me again. 
 Please, call me back. 
 We're family. 
 Man on P.A. :  Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We've begun our descent... 
 (thud and gasps) 
 .. into Los Angeles International Airport... 
 Man : Deedee? Hey. 
 Where the current weather is a comfortable 68 degrees... 
 Hey, Deedee? 
 .. And the local time is 7:14 Pacific Standard Time. 
 Deedee? Deedee! 
 What's going on? 
 Oh, my god, oh, my god. 
 Is there a doctor onboard? 
 Can I get some help? 
 Wake up, Deedee, come on. 
 Help? 
 Oh, my god! 
 Somebody help me! 
 I don't know what's going on. 
 Somebody help us! 
 He's not breathing! 
 Come on. 
 What's going on? 
 He's not breathing! 
 He's dying! 
 Hey, Miss? 
 Wake up! 
 I need help! 
 Come on, wake up. 
 Somebody? 
 (all shouting) 
 (theme music plays) 
 ♪ Take me inside ♪ 
♪ Take me inside ♪ Okay. Okay, we gotta stop. We gotta stop. I'm gonna be late for work again. You bust your butt for that company. They'll deal with it. Yeah, well, those video games don't code themselves. These lips don't kiss themselves. Oh, my gosh, that was so cheesy. (phone beeping) Ignore those texts, and I'll show you just how cheesy I can be. Oh, I'm... not quite sure what that means, but I wish I could stick around and find out. Oh, come on, it's not life or death. It's just a bunch of video games. I'm gonna be late to work. I'm gonna be late opening up the shop, and I'm gonna risk the wrath of a bunch of uber nerds to spend some more time with you. Believe me, I'd rather spend more time with you, but my boss is intense, so... You're on-call, like, 24/7. I mean, I get it. I just miss you. Don't freak out. Hey, no, I'm not. Okay, look, I miss you too. Then go in late. Look, I'm sorry. Okay, I know it's weird, but I'm dedicated to my job. And to you. Okay. You're saying this, but I... I'm starting to think you don't really have time for a relationship. Wha... Don't give up on me. Okay, look, hey, let's just... Let's do dinner tonight, and we'll talk about it, okay? You promise? Yeah. Completely and totally. Okay. A plane from New York to Australia with a scheduled stopover in Los Angeles landed this morning with 12 dead passengers. Cause of death? ME's preliminary findings list heart attack. 12 heart attacks on the same plane? Media's having a field day with this. Homeland Security, LAPD, and CDC are all scrambling. A hazmat team swept the plane and it was clean. Same goes for the passengers and the victims. Blair believes our program can offer a unique perspective on the case. So we've received special dispensation to run point and have first crack at the bodies. Before the media circus goes off the rails, we need to figure out how these people died. Or were killed. It's possible the heart attacks were chemically induced. Checked and ruled out. Any connections between the 12 passengers? None. All strangers seated in different parts of the plane. It's very freaky. Where are the surviving passengers now? Detained. The authorities can hold the passengers for 24 hours before either pressing charges or letting them go. We have until tomorrow morning at 8:00 a.m. Or it's possible the killer walks free. I'm sorry, can I just play Captain Obvious for like a sec? We have 12 victims. There's no way we can stitch into all 12 in 24 hours. Okay, so how many can we stitch into? If we don't take any breaks, we can do six. But which six? By the time we background check them all, time will be up. Has to be random. Okay, hold up, slow down. I understand the urgency, but just because it is technically possible to stitch into six victims in one day, does not mean Stretch here can handle it. What is that? Reverse psychology to get me motivated? No, it's legitimate concern for your mental and physical health. Cameron is right. 12 people don't just die. If there's a cause, a killer, this is the only way of finding out. I can do this. Any sign that it's too much, we pull the plug. Agreed. Well, you heard the lady, let's get going. It's gonna be a long day. So, when can you hand off Liam to me? Seriously? You have six stitches today. How 'bout we get through that and figure it out tomorrow? Or, how 'bout we get through today? Are you sure you want to do this? You guys have major history. Your old feelings for him could get in the way. It was the old me that dated Liam, I didn't have feelings for him. At least, you know, not in the way I understand feelings now. Oh, Kirsten, I'm not talking about love. This guy's connected to your dad and was playing you. I'm talking about revenge. I can handle it. Well, if we ever wanted to push the envelope of the program, this should do it. What do you think? We can do this, right? Dr. Goodkin? "Dr. Goodkin." You going all formal on me doesn't help my confidence, Detective Fisher. There is some logic to stitching into six victims consecutively. Should give Kirsten enough different perspective of what went on inside that plane. That is if we picked the right six victims. Six out of 12, 50/50 chance. A Vegas slot machine had those odds there'd be a line around the block. Never been much of a gambler. Sub-bio? Alex : Go. Communications? Go. Medical? Go. Comm check, Kirsten, one-two, one-two. I'm here all day, folks. Mission clock set to five minutes, please. Induce stitch neurosync on my mark in three, two... May the odds be ever in our favor... one, mark! I'm on board. Where? Uh, in the back. Seat 12D. There's a flight attendant in the aisle. Deedee. Checking the manifest. Deedee Willis, she's a victim. Did we pick her for stitching? She's being mapped right now. Sir, please make sure your... How are the other passengers? Anyone seem sick? Or dead? Or worse? Uh, the woman in 12C isn't moving. She's a victim but not a sample. Her name is April Tuckman, traveling with her husband, Howard. She's still alive, she's just sleeping. Uh, there's a guy in the middle of the plane, he's got the overhead compartment open. He's looking for something. Victim number one is on the move. Suspicious looking lady in 10D. Suspicious how? She's working on a laptop, and she didn't want victim one seeing it as she walked past. Laptop lady in 10D is not a victim, but the guy next to her in 10E is, Gavin Baxter, who's also one of our upcoming stitches. Victim number one's back in her seat. Death moment in five seconds. Kirsten, bounce in four, three... (over P.A.) Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We are making our final descent into Los Ang... (beeping) Victim number one just... died. There was no warning. It was like someone flipped off a light switch. Did you see anything unusual? I don't know. I saw lots of pieces, but I have no idea how or why or if they all fit together. Well, we've got just under 19 hours to figure that out. How soon can we go again? I've already left three messages. All right, please, just have him call me back. Hey, I've been trying to get ahold of my dad's doctor for the last two days. Who is it? Preminger. Well, he's the best orthopedic oncologist in LA. I'd keep trying. Son of a bitch. Cameron : That's Deedee Willis, she was a flight attendant on board. If anyone saw the entire flight and all of its passengers, it's her. How are you? Just because you're a doctor does not mean that you are my doctor. (scoffs) But I am fine, thank you. Okay. How are you? I feel like I never see you anymore. I mean, outside of work. You know, it... I... You have Nina in your life, I get it. Really, I'm just saying that I miss hanging out with you. I'll tell you what, we get through these next 17 hours, and then the three of us will, uh, do drinks or something, okay? She's crazy about you. Oh, yeah, that sounds, uh... That sounds really nice. I think so too. Comm check, Kirsten, one-two, one-two. Loud and clear. Mission clock set to five minutes, please. Induce stitch neurosync on my mark in three, two, one, mark. If you're tired, you should take a nap. It's too cold to sleep. Better? Mm-hmm. Howard Tuckman just put his jacket on his wife to use as a blanket. Laptop lady's doing some pretty high-level math. Cameron : Any idea what? I only saw a bit of it before Deedee moved on. Sir, please make sure your watch is on airplane mode. I'm just setting it for Los Angeles time. There's a man in 7C. He has a smartwatch. He's setting it for LA time. His name is Jay Kolden, not a victim. Okay. Thank you. What was that about? Can't find his passport. What was that? Death moment in five seconds. Kirsten, bounce in four, three... Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We are making our final descent into Los Ang... (beeping) Deedee's memory ended at exactly the same moment during the captain's announcement. Did you see anything in the run-up to the moment of death? Uh, that the lights flickered and the captain made an announcement. Well, the lights and the PA system are both electrical in nature. I can go check out the plane. I just need a simple EMI detector. Okay. We have a little time before the next stitch. Grab two and get over there with Camille. Roger that. What's our vector, Victor? That literally means nothing to me. Airplane! You're learning. You okay, champ? I'm good. Okay. You make sure and let me know if anything changes. You will be the second to know. (detectors beeping) Hey, did you, um... You ever connect with your dad's doctor? No. It's like trying to nail jelly to a wall. He has so many patients my dad is just another number. Well, he's really lucky he has an advocate like you. How's he doing? He's trying to be brave, but I know he's afraid. So is my mother. So am I. Is there anything I can do to help? (phone ringing) Oh, no, no, don't... I got it. It got. Liam. That Liam? Is he the reason you weren't at the library? Yeah. You wanna know why? Because he's connected to Daniel Stinger. And Maggie wanted me to find out what information I could get on him. I suppose she didn't want you telling me. No, I wasn't allowed to tell anyone. So, I didn't. I did my job. I believe you. Thanks. (phone beeps) Hey. Oh, sorry. Nina? Yeah. How'd you know? Smile gave you away. We were supposed to have dinner tonight, but... Mmm. Sorry you had to cancel. Oh, you never know. I mean, we could solve the case in the next stitch. The aspirin you asked for. Thanks. Aspirin? Yeah, relax. It's just a headache. I'll be fine. Okay. Third stitch is the charm? Let's hope so. There was no residual electricity in the cabin. Readings were clear. We've checked and double-checked it. There's absolutely nothing that connects one victim to another. Where are we on personal possessions? Everything the victims had on them when they died is on its way to the lab for examination. (phone chimes) Blair again? The man is relentless. We have to make some progress. Liam :  Hello, stranger. I was starting to think you were avoiding me. Yeah, uh, about that, you weren't imagining. Camile, what's up? Is this about Kirsten? You know what? It turns out she's not as completely over you as I originally thought. Really? Yeah, you know, I guess seeing us together  made her realize how much she... missed you. And if there's any chance you two could repair your relationship, I wouldn't feel right standing in the way. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a bit intrigued by the possibility. Okay. Well, I'll have her reach out. You really are a selfless friend. She's lucky to have you. And I'll tell her as much when I see her. (cell camera clicking) Mission clock set to five minutes, please. Induce stitch neurosync on my mark in three, two, one, mark. (hip-hop music playing) Cameron :  Where are you, Captain? I'm in the terminal before the flight. ♪ We next in line, slide it up inside ♪ 
♪ Hide behind my collar, go pop ♪ 
♪ Wash it up in a flash flood, never had one ♪ 
♪ It's the champ, better hands up, plant one ♪ 
♪ Merryweather, like December ♪ 
♪ Gone 11 months side track back with Wyclef ♪ 
♪ Tender be the loins from the bay, check the timelapse ♪ 
♪ Adjust the lens, this is still life... ♪ 
♪ Come follow me quick we burning the wick ♪ Gavin is sitting next to laptop lady. Can you see what she's got on her computer? ♪ Keep that fire alive, the night rides ♪ 
♪ And so do we so hopefully you notice... ♪ Got it. (music skipping) 
 
 Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We are making out final descent into Los Ang... (beeping) Death moment? Same as the others. Did you see what she was working on? Quantum computing. There are five quantum computers in the world. The Department of Defense has one, the company that makes them has one, NASA has one, and we have one. Where's number five? Unknown. Is it Stitchers related? We've been targeted before. What seat is she in? 10D. Tracy Green. Congratulations, Tracy Green, you just made it to the top of the list. What was the purpose of your trip to Los Angeles? Business. Could you be any more vague? I'm not the one dragging traumatized passengers to interrogation rooms in windowless vans. Ma'am, we're just trying to determine what happened on that plane. What sort of business are you in? I'm here to meet with some of our component suppliers. I work for a company that designs tech for quantum computers. Not like either one of you two muscleheads would know anything about them. (whispers) She called me a musclehead. And what is your position at the company? I specialize in adiabatic quantum computation. Basically, what that means... I know what it means. You're familiar with the adiabatic model? Yeah. Can I see the laptop you used during the flight? Good luck. Crapped out right before we landed. It's toast. (keys clicking) Thank you for your time, Ms. Green. Once we've verified things with your employer, we'll have you taken back to LAX. You know, just out of curiosity, what would one of your quantum computers set me back? If you have to ask, you can't afford it. Okay. I doubt she knows anything about the Stitchers program. I doubt she knows anything about quantum computation. I mastered the adiabatic model in fifth grade. If there's a pattern here, I don't see it. We have 11 toothbrushes, nine sets of earbuds, five neck pillows, one borderline pornographic romance novel... Anything here stand out from the stitches? Nothing that makes any sense, no. Okay, we've got 45 minutes until your next stitch. I insist that you get off your feet, all right? We'll keep sorting. No, I can handle it. Hey, no, no, Kirsten, please. Look, you're no good to us burnt out, all right? We got this. Sit. Good stitcher. Wait, here's something. None of the victims were scheduled to remain in Los Angeles. They were all traveling on to Sydney. Were they the only passengers going on to Australia? No, but that doesn't negate the pattern. Final destination as a cause of death? They were all traveling internationally, they all had passports. Nope. (phone ringing) Hello? Kirsten? Nina, hi. Um, is Cameron there? Kirsten, are you there? Sorry. Um, uh, Cameron's kinda busy right now. Um, do you know when he's gonna be off? No, it's been a crazy day, so I'm not really sure. You want me to leave him a message? No, I've got it. Thanks. (computer beeping) Why are you calling me from your office? I'm sure you have things you need to be working on. I just wanted to check in and see how you were doing. My test results came back. They are not what we had hoped for, Linus. But you know that already. I got a call from the doctor tonight. 12 messages, Linus? Baba, he doesn't talk to me. What else am I supposed to do? I can't help you if I don't know what's going on. I'm a grown man, Linus. I can take care of myself. I know that. But I want to help. I'll come by later today and we can talk through all of the treatment options. No, no. You're at work. You have responsibilities. You need to live your life. Worry about the things you can control. Why are you making goodbye speeches? You're gonna be fine. People beat this every day. Even more reason you should stay at the office. Hey. Listen, what do you say when this is all over, you and I... My dad is worse than I thought. Okay. What can I do? I just need more time. We are moving so fast, I just want to go over a few calculations before we start. Linus... I just need to do my job. It's okay. There's nothing I can do to help cure my dad. But this? This is a problem I know how to solve. Really. It's gonna be okay. This is the guy who was looking for something in the overhead bin. Mike? Matt Calter. Australian commodities broker. How you holding up, cupcake? Yeah, all right. Never better. Heh. Liar. Hey, keep an eye out for anything relating to those victims' passports, okay? Might be the key. I don't like this. BP is dropping. Should we bounce her? No! Do not bounce me. Sir, please make sure your watch is on airplane mode. It is. I'm just setting it for Los Angeles time. Okay, thank you. Babe, if you're tired, you should take a nap. It's too cold to sleep. I'm sorry, but you need to sit back down. I'm just looking for my passport. I understand, but you'll have to look for it after we're on the ground. Okay, Matt's passport's missing. It couldn't have been connected to his death. Lucky I found this. Death moment in five seconds. Kirsten, bounce in four, three... Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We are making our final descent into Los Ang... (beeping) I was wrong. Matt did have his passport, and he had it in the pocket next to his heart when he died. Dammit, I don't even know what we're looking for. There is nothing unusual about any of these. Maybe that's the point. I mean, unusual would stand out. Something ordinary could be a clue? Okay. Um, standard stitching and paper, a page for a signature and data, machine-readable zone... Fishy, knife. Don't hurt yourself. Oh, I'll try not to. All passports have radio frequency chips embedded in them. Could that be something? RFID chips just store information, that's it. (alarm sounding) Knife. No, when I'm ready. Hey, is she okay? Her headache's gone, and I gave her a shot of B-12 and glucose to help with the fatigue and low blood-sugar, but we have to make sure she eats between the stitches. Ayo, is she okay? Look, she's doing something no one's ever done before. I don't know. Alex, how quickly can we switch out samples in the corpse cassette? Go from one to the other? Yeah. Without Kirsten having to bounce. Hot swapping? Should be possible. As long as the next subject's memory is mapped out. Minute. Minute and a half, tops. Good. Get victim number six cued up, I'll coordinate with Linus. Listen up, boys and girls, we're going to try something new. Kirsten's burning out. Cameron, I'm fine. You're burning out. So in order for her to get through this in one piece, she's gonna stitch in for two minutes before moving on to the next subject. But every time Kirsten bounces we have to reset? That's why she's not gonna bounce. Really? We're gonna move your awareness to stasis for one minute while we switch out victim number five for victim number six. One stitch, two samples. That'll spare Kirsten, and the rest of us, from having to make an extra stitch that she may or may not recover from. Is two minutes enough time to get anything out of a stitch? It'll have to be. Lights at 20%, please. Mission clock set to two minutes, please. All right, Kirsten, when you're in there, you won't have much time to explore, so... Strictly smash and grab job. Got it. Thank you, Cameron. Of course. Induce first stitch neurosync on my mark in three, two, one, mark. Sir, please make sure your watch is on airplane mode. It is. I'm just setting it for Los Angeles time. Thank you. Dude, can I squeeze past you? Sure. Nervous guy writing a letter. Death moment. Going offline... now! Okay, Kirsten, we're moving you to stasis. All right, let's switch her out, let's go, let's go! Kirsten, one minute. Okay. Please, hurry. (chattering) Ready to move. BP starting to escalate. Move sample. (breathing heavily) Need some help over here! She needs to slow down her breathing. All right, Kirsten, you're doing great, all right? Just slow down your breathing, we're almost done here. Cameron, I'm in a void. Um... I'm nowhere. I'm nothing. I'm all alone. No. Not alone. Who are you? You look so tired, so scared. Kirsten :  I am. Don't worry. I'll stay with you. Stay with me, Kirsten. Hooking up neural transmitter. Must move faster, boys. Get the harness. Okay, on my go. Get it up. Coming up on 30 seconds. I've been watching you stitch into all those poor people. You've got the right idea, but you're going about it wrong. What do you mean? You need to see all of the victims' memories at the same time if you want to see all the pieces of the puzzle. But we can only stitch into one person at a time. Not true. I'm gonna show you something. Ready? Recognize that? I picked it from your memory. I remember. My mother made that daisy chain for me. It's also the answer you need to stitching into multiple people at the same time. We got it. Okay, go ahead. We're good to go. You're doing great, Kirsten. You're doing great. Induce second stitch neurosync on my mark in three... Thank you. Two, one... You're welcome. Mark. Cameron : Two minutes. Plenty of time, Kirsten. I won't need it. There's nothing here to see. I'm sorry, I... I was so tired I didn't map this memory properly. So it's a wasted stitch. Dammit, Kirsten, just make the bounce. I'm sorry. It's not his fault, Cameron. We're all running on fumes here. I know. I'm just frustrated. Wait, there's one thing... One thing that we haven't tried. Get her out of there! Kirsten! Somebody get the team in here! Get that Med cart! What happened? You passed out in the tank. Pulse ox is 93. Almost back to normal. How do you feel? Surprisingly refreshed. How do you really feel? I'm fine. And we're gonna keep you that way. Okay, we're done. No, what? We can't be. There's less than three hours left. This was a nearly impossible task to begin with. We'll keep at it with the evidence we've already gathered. No, that's not enough. The killer will walk free. We have to do one more stitch. All five victims with viable memories at the same time. You are disoriented from passing out. No. No, I need to see the entire passenger section of the plane from all perspectives at once. Can we even do that? In theory, but I don't know how. We daisy chain the subjects. We arrange four of them around the corpse cassette, and have them all interconnected the the subject inside. Interesting. What gave you that idea? Just popped into my head. We could use the optogenetics harnesses from the university. That could work. Hold on. Is it safe to send her into the memories of five victims at once? On a normal day, maybe, but I don't know. I mean, we are on the edge of the map. We need to be sure. Guys... 12 people are dead, okay? And the killer is waiting to hop on a plane to Australia. We can't just let him or her fly off into the sunset. Get the harnesses. I hate grape. Gotta keep your electrolytes up. I got it! Cal Tech was cool with you borrowing these? If by borrowing you mean breaking into the lockers where they're kept and shoving them in grocery bags before walking out, yeah, they're very cool. A- ll right, once we harness all the subjects together, we'll wire them up like a daisy chain. I'll network all five memories into my console. How long? 15 minutes. You have 10. Listen up, Daisy-Mae. I don't know what to expect in there, so keep your cool, and at the first sign of trouble... I'll bounce. Don't worry. Fasten your seatbelt, it's gonna be a bumpy ride. Lights at 20%, please. Induce multiple stitch neurosyncs on my mark in three, two, one, mark. I understand, but you'll have to look for it after we're on the ground. (distortion) Lucky I found this. But his name's Vincent, not Jay... Who, Kirsten? ♪ We next in line, slide it up inside ♪ Half the money is in your account. Once you're out... (distortion) I'll deposit the other half. You and Maria... will be set for life. Here. Keep this right here. Get used to the name "Vincent Grant." I'm Jay Kolder now. Got it. The two men in the terminal, Vincent and Jay, they swapped identities. The man with the smartwatch is really Vincent Grant. It is. I'm just setting it for Los Angeles time. Okay. Thank you. Dude, can I squeeze past you? Sure. Jay told Deedee that he was setting his smartwatch for LA time. He lied. He started a timer for 45 seconds. Death moment in five seconds! Kirsten, bounce in four, three... Good morning, this is your captain speaking. We are making our final descent into Los Ang... (beeping) So, the Vincent Grant that died on the plane was actually Jay Kolden. He was paid to swap identities and go to prison in place of the real Vincent Grant. People won't look for you if they think you're dead. Is Vincent Grant a known fugitive? Oh, a push notice. Vincent Grant is a known alias for a high-tech arms dealer on the FBI's most wanted list. So that's a big yes. Then Vincent must have turned his smartwatch into an electromagnetic field emitter. That explains the flickering lights. And not just that, but an EMF could interact with an RFID chip to create an electrical charge strong enough to mess up the natural rhythm of a person's heart. An instant heart attack. And Vincent made sure that Jay had his passport right over his heart. Jay was the real target. Anyone else who had their passport in their front pocket was just collateral damage. Tell me we can still get this b*st*rd? 24 hours was up five minutes ago. Vincent and the rest of the passengers were just released. And, according to the updated manifest, the passenger formerly known as Jay Kolden, 7C is no longer on the flight. Meaning he could be anywhere at this point. And if he's smart, he's using a different name. I saw something else on the smartwatch in an earlier stitch. Hand me a notepad. Here. Thanks. (pen scratching) Does this mean anything to anyone? That looks like the logo for the Tokyo metro system. I did a semester abroad. Look familiar? That's it. The Tokyo metro system has an app available for smartwatches. Find out when the next flight leaves LAX for Tokyo. You can ID him? I've seen his face enough in the last 24 hours. Go get him. Okay. PA System :  Boarding call for flight 1205 to Tokyo... You see Vincent? There. Hey, whoa. Hang back. I don't want to make a scene. Okay. Make things difficult, Vincent, and you'll regret it. Who are you? LAPD, NSA, take your pick. They didn't even offer us coffee so I had to stand in this giant line just to get my latte. Listen, I want a new laptop waiting for me when I get there. I know how you killed those people. Which means you know how I'm gonna kill everyone around me who has a passport near their heart unless you let me walk out of here. I'm not gonna let you do that. October 2003. What about it? That was the date that the LAPD first started embedding RFID chips into their ID cards. Just like that one. Goodbye, Detective. Excuse me! Aagh! Good going. Oh, uh... Thanks. (sighs) Crap. (beeps) (phone ringing) I figured you'd be passed out by now. I forgot to tell you Nina called you yesterday. You should call her back. Yeah. Yeah, I'll get on that. How you feeling? Exhausted. Maybe it's the jet lag? Ha ha, it's way too early for jokes. I'll see you in three days after I wake up. Okay. Sweet dreams. (grunts) (phone ringing) Mmm... Hello? It's Ivy. I've changed my mind. When can we meet? (theme music plays) ♪ Take me inside ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 