Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - The Guest - Stitchers 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - The Guest https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=299&t=27261 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/18/16 07:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - The Guest 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previousy on "Stitchers" 
 You have a sister. 
 What's her name? 
 Ivy Brown. 
 Ivy :  Don't call me again. 
 I've been trying to get a hold of my dad's doctor for the last two days. 
 Kirsten :  My father stitching me into my mother killed her. 
 I know you're focusing on finding your father, but honestly, it sounds like a stretch, Stretch. 
 Not all roads lead to Daniel Stinger. 
 Woman :  When I think you're ready to hear the truth, I'll find you, Kirsten. 
 Kirsten? You're using me to send a message to the girl? 
 (stabbing) 
 Kirsten :  My father killed Les Turner and Ed Clark. 
 So when can you hand off Liam to me? 
 Camille, what's up? 
 It turns out she's not as completely over you as I originally thought. 
 (cellphone camera clicking) 
 It's Ivy. I've changed my mind. 
 When can we meet? Yes, sir. Fisher? Fisher? What's up? You look... Pissed off? Yes, I am. Something I did? I hope not. Someone leaked the Langston case to the press. I thought we were keeping a tight lid on this one? We were. Where is everyone else? Well, Cameron's dealing with girlfriend issues and Camille is with Linus at the hospital. And Kirsten? And Kirsten? You're welcome. For what? Plausible deniability I just gave you by not saying. This way you don't have to lie to Blair when he asks you if you knew. Knew what? (knocking at door) Ivy. It's so nice to meet you. I'm Kirsten. I'm not coming in. I'm not staying. I know you're thinking, "She's here. She might as well come in for a cup of tea," or a chai latte or whatever the hell it is you like to drink. Coffee, black. Me too. Oh, look, we're bonding. Um, so why won't you come in? 'Cause I've only got one thing to say to you and it won't take long. I'm not telling you where my father is. Our father. And you could have said that on the phone. I wanted to say it to your face, make sure there was no mistaking my position. Also I wanted to see you, see what you look like. You look just like your mother. Now I get why he left me. He left me too, when I was eight. Tell me where he is. I finally have a relationship with him, which I didn't for years because of you. And now you want back in his life? I need to see him. I can't help you. Don't call me again. He's being hunted by the NSA. Because he's brilliant. And they want to exploit his work. No, because he's a killer. He killed three people. You don't know what you're talking about. Actually, I do. And if you help me get to him first, then the next time that you and I meet won't be at his funeral. I think I'll take that coffee now. Black. (theme music playing) ♪ Take me inside ♪ 
♪ Take me inside. ♪ (door closes) I know my dad. He's not a murderer. When's the last time you saw him? You tell me. You're NSA. Yeah, it doesn't really work like that. Yes, it does. That's how you found me. Isn't it? It was a tip from an informant. (tea kettle whistling) So who is it Dad supposedly killed? The head of my team at the NSA. Also Ed Clark, the man who raised me. You said three people. He also killed my mother. There was a car accident. He tried to save her using the technology he developed for the NSA. He killed her instead. Then her death was an accident. It doesn't matter. Dad said he created something that could change the world and that dangerous people were after it. That's why he's had to lay low. (laughs) Yeah, we're not dangerous people. We use his technology to solve very serious crimes. So what is it? Dad would never tell me. Probably to protect you. And I can't say either. I would put the people that I work with at risk. So please tell me where he is. Dad predicted you'd find me one day and beg me to take you to him. He made me promise not to. Why? He said he'd find you himself when you were ready to hear the truth. Someone once sent me a message that sounded a lot like that. Was it you? No. I know it's hard for you to wrap your head around this, but you've only heard Stinger's side of the story. If you knew our father, you'd know he'd never kill anyone. Then let me meet him. Not gonna happen. Why not? I need to understand what's going on. Is this all connected to the technology he developed? Partly. Then tell me about it... and I'll tell you how to find him. An exchange of information? A sharing of secrets. Just like sisters do. Deal. Where is he? I came to you. Now it's your turn to meet me halfway. Uh, the technology is... It's... complicated. I... I need to give it some context. You mean stall. No, I mean give it some context. When you called, the reason I couldn't meet you sooner was because we'd just been handed a murder investigation. Who's the "we"? My team. Let's begin with... Cameron, you okay? What? Oh, me? Yeah, no, I'm fine. I'm totally... Totally fine. (laughs) Uh, you're doing that thing with your hair... That thing that you... yeah. Spill it. Um, Nina's frozen me out. She's not responding to my texts, so... What did you do? You must have done something to piss her off. I canceled dinner on her twice. It was because of work, all right? And as I recall, part of that work was saving your life, which of course, I can't tell her, so you're welcome. So this Cameron guy has a great head of hair and it completely clueless about women? Hmm. He's also pretty endearing and kind of awesome when he's not pissing me off. What? Nothing. But how is he relevant here? There's no one that knows Stinger's tech better than Cameron. Fine, go on. So the murder victim was Josh Langston. 26 years old, shot dead in his Westwood apartment. He was Senator Langston's son. Does it have anything to do with his father? Fisher : Possibly. The kid's got a clean record. No problems in his professional or personal life. A robbery gone bad? No signs of a struggle. No breaking and entering. Maybe he knew his killer. I think he did. Josh was a host on ZipCouch, a new couch-surfing app for "adventurous and thrifty young travelers." Nick Mero, tech nerd turned hipster mogul, started ZipCouch when he was 28. According to Josh's profile, he was expecting a new guest last night. Meet Denise Buchwald. She's a swimsuit model who grew up on a popcorn farm just outside Des Moines. Still calls Iowa home. She doesn't look like she could kill anything. She didn't. That's a fake profile. There's no Denise Buchwald. But there is a senator. Jefferson Langston, the victim's father. And the senator is a friend of the Stitchers program. The Stitchers program? Yeah, it's... It's what we call ourselves, um, because we stitch together clues that other agencies miss. And Dad's technology helps you do that? Mm-hmm. So what is it? Some kind of algorithm? Artificial Intelligence? We couldn't do what we do without it. The guy who told us about the senator... His name is Mitchell Blair. Senator Langston has been instrumental in securing our funding. He is in pain. He is looking to us to find his son's killer, so until then, I want a tight lid kept on this investigation. We all clear? Good. Good, good. Oh, yes, and effective immediately, you will end your unauthorized search for Daniel Stinger. All of you. You can't tell me to stop looking for my father. I just did. Your obsessive drive to find him has been a distraction at best. I will handle the hunt for Stinger, which also means no more contact with Liam Granger. Liam? What does he have to do with this? Cameron, later. No more Stinger. No more Granger. Make sure of it. Done. You sold me out. As much as we would both like to find Daniel Stinger, I am not going to defy a direct order. Mitchell Blair is our boss. You're protecting your own ass. I protect all our asses. If Blair says that he is handling the search for Stinger, then he is handling it. So that's why I need to find Stinger first. Once Blair unleashes the full fury of the NSA... I get it... Fire and brimstone. What is it already? What was he working on? You haven't told me where he is. He's west of the Mississippi. Your turn. It's... very powerful. It lets us, um, question people that wouldn't normally submit to being questioned. What, like a better way to waterboard? No. It's painless, I promise you. Cameron : Mission clock to five minutes, please. (beeps) Induce stitch neurosync on my mark. In three, two, one, mark! (whirring) Kirsten :  I'm in Josh's apartment. Looks like he's getting ready for company. (doorbell rings) Abby? In the real. Josh? Yeah. Please come in. Someone named Abby just showed up. They don't seem to know each other. According to Josh's profile, Abby Newton couch-surfed at his place two nights ago. She gave him five out of six cushions. Nice place. You a clean freak, or is this just for me? A man's home should reflect who he is. Confident. I dig that. You take good pictures. Wait, who is this old guy? He looks familiar. Senator Langston... My father. Kirsten :  This guy seems like a Boy Scout. He's in his bedroom. He's on his computer. I take that back. Josh is definitely not a Boy Scout. He has a hidden camera in his living room. He's watching Abby undress. What a creep. What a creep. How charming. The senator's son is a perv. Hold it. How could you know what Josh saw? I was in his apartment. I drew certain conclusions. Kirsten :  It jumped again. The lech is checking his camera. (phone dinging) He just got a ZipCouch message from Denise Buchwald. That's the woman he was expecting last night... the fake profile. Death moment in 20 seconds. Maybe he taped his own murder. Is the camera recording? He hasn't switched it on yet. Yo, what... (firing) Make the bounce. (beeping) That's insane. A hit man? The killer was wearing a clean-room suit. He left no DNA evidence behind. Seems like a professional. So how did you catch him? We haven't. He's still out there. (no discernible dialog) Is it safe to eat this? Oh, yeah, that's Camille. She's my roommate. She's trying to teach me boundaries, which is funny, 'cause I bought that cheese. Ah, there, I knew we had olives. Do olives go bad? I don't know. I'm into take-out. By the time I get home, I am too wiped to cook. What do you do? I teach elementary school kids the wonders of the computer. Really? You're a computer teacher? Not as exciting as the NSA, but my students are great. And computers have always been my thing. Mine too. Guess we get that from our father. How often do you see him? How often do you use his technology? I wasn't fishing, just curious. Right. How about moving forward, we both agree to not think the other is an idiot. Agreed. Look, I just want to know more about you and Stinger. It's a relationship I never had, you know? I was very young when he left me and my mother for Jacqueline. Mmm, he has a history of leaving. I hated him for it. Now I guess you could say we picked up where we left off. So what should we drink to? To more answers than questions. To more answers than questions. Here's a question... who would write something like this... "The ZipCouch app is crap. "ZipCouch would let Charles Manson be your host. Use at your own risk"? An unhappy subscriber. And clearly someone who's not a fan of the guy who created the app. "Nick Mero is money-grubbing scum. He needs to suffer and die." An unhappy subscriber with a vendetta. Possible whoever posted those took things to the next level. This is a dummy account. If these reviews are from the same IP address as the fake account used by the killer, we'll know they're connected. Camille's also my coworker. That normal... for NSA agents to live together? Our relationship isn't exactly normal. She, uh, spied on me to recruit me to the NSA. Lovely. Do you have any normal relationships in your life? Right. Well, actually, Camille might be tough, but I can always count on her and everyone else that I work with. We're like family. Okay, thanks. My dad's surgery got pushed again. Are you kidding me? How many emergencies can one surgeon have? I'm so sorry, Linus. I just want it over with so he can start getting better. You know what you need right now? Really? Comfort food, numbnuts. Come on. Let's go crush some chocolate in the break room. Hey, have you heard from Nina? No, still radio silence. I mean, what do I do? I've texted a zillion times. I went by the store last night. She wasn't there. Maybe she senses there's more to your work than you're telling her. Yeah, speaking of work, um, when were you going to tell me about Liam? Well, I haven't seen Liam since I caught him groping Camille in my kitchen. He might be linked to my father. Okay. But, I mean, you could have at least told me he was around. I tried. I did. You're always running off with Nina. I thought you were okay with me and Nina? I was. Was? Uh, am. Am. I told you I was... am. I'm gonna get into my stitch suit. Okay. It's fine. Right. Oh, I see. So there is something going on between you and Cameron. Oh, uh, no. I'm not focused on other relationships right now. I just need to find my father. That's your whole life, huh? Sad. Let me show you something. I know we just met, but should I be worried about you? Everything in the universe can be broken down mathematically. Even finding a man you haven't seen in years? Unlike him, math has never let me down. Each piece of evidence is tied to an equation that will eventually lead me to Stinger. What if I tell you first? Where's that possibility on the wall? Here. An equally-likely outcomes formula. You're smart, Kirsten Clark. Apparently you know statistics too, Ivy Brown. I like numbers. Me too. But they haven't led me to him yet. You ever think you're so desperate to find him because you miss him? What's he like? He's really smart, driven, relentless. A lot like you. Really? It's not a bad thing. It took me a long time to figure out, but I think everything he's done is motivated by love. Huh? Abandoning us? Murder? That's a crazy kind of love. What's with the baseball cap? It represents the informant I told you about. I'm in the ZipCouch offices. Hey! There he is. 
 
 I'm Nick. Josh. Nice to meet you. Hi, Kirsten. We got the anomaly again. Kirsten, what's going on? Uh, it looks like Nick cut some kind of deal with Josh to be a VIP host. No, no, no, not that. The anomaly. We're seeing it on our end. Erecting a firewall to isolate it. I never thanked you for helping me out of the void. Helping you is why I'm here. Who are you? (static) I want to tell you. I really do. Wait, what was that? Linus. Firewall is up. Box it in. As we speak. Damn it. What happened? The rogue signal is putting up a bigger firewall. (alarm sounding) The time for secrets is almost over. Talk to me, Kirsten. Everything in your life has been a test. Kirsten :  A test? Someone's going to visit you to ask a very specific question. Your answer will show if you're ready to hearthe truth. Kirsten, still with me? Uh, yeah. You keep asking about the technology our father developed. Is this the test? What test? Um, no, I was just thinking about the case. What exactly is the vetting process for your hosts? It's a mix of social-network scrubbing, background checks, credit-worthiness. We're super careful. Obviously not careful enough. This is awful. Josh was a great guy. I mean, I thought he was. I even made him a VIP host. I thought the publicity would really help ZipCouch. Once the press gets wind of this... I mean, Josh was a senator's son. Do you have any idea who could have done this to him? Well, there are some pretty harsh posts by one of your users. From a fake profile that was directed at you personally. Having troubles with anyone lately? You think someone would have killed Josh to get to me? Just covering all angles. No problems with anyone that I know of. So when does the press get informed about the murder? It's an ongoing investigation, so we're keeping it quiet for now. Good. I own 50% of ZipCouch. I sank my entire life savings into this venture. If this gets out before I get in front of it, I don't just lose my money, but so do my investors. Heartless much? Well, it's like Pacino said in  The Godfather. "It's not personal. It's strictly business." Plus it'll give me some time to get some security measures in place. So not so heartless. I'm gonna get a head start on this. You guys can see yourselves out? Sure. Okay, look, I've seen  The Godfather,  like, 14 times. You know what the one thing that stuck with me was? What? The mobsters were the only ones who thought they were the heroes. Guys are so into the whole  Godfather  thing. I don't get it. Cameron's into the  Godfather  thing and every other movie ever. He watched a lot of them as a kid after he had heart surgery. So where were we? Um, Nick Mero... He said he had no enemies? Yeah, but we found one. Meet Jessica Gray, founder and CEO of Futon Friends, ZipCouch's #1 rival. Remember all those nasty posts about ZipCouch? I traced the IP address to her. Now there's someone who might want to sink Nick's company. By having one of his hosts murdered? Seems like overkill. (chuckling) So to speak. Miss Gray is on a flight in from San Francisco. She should land within the hour. Okay, as soon as she gets in, bring her here. (phone chimes) Where you going? I'll be back soon. Kirsten, hold up. Liam? He wants to meet me. Maggie and Blair... I have to do this. Wait, what's the endgame? I find Stinger. I convince him to give himself up. Look, he's my father. No matter what, I love him. You said that? Really? What's the endgame? I find Stinger, bring him to justice. He deserves to burn for what he's done. Really? You'll arrest your own father? You think you'll be able to do that when you see him face to face? You are losing yourself. You are feeding every bit of your soul to this obsession and you are risking everything and everyone who cares about you. Until I find my father, until I look him in the eyes and I know in my heart that I am not him, I'm no good to anyone. ♪ You act like your father ♪ 
♪ But you look like your mother... ♪ Oh, yeah, don't touch that. That's Ed Clark. Ed Clark's in there. Oh. Sorry, Ed. So who's the guy you ran off to see? My ex... ex-almost fiancé, actually. I only met with him because I had some questions that needed answers. Closure? Hopefully. I was pretty direct with him. Kirsten, I'm so glad you wanted to meet. It's been... Uh, cut the crap, Liam. Okay? I know you're working for my father to keep tabs on me. Your father? Please, just no more lies. Stinger's wanted for murder. If you're working with him or you know anything about him that you're not reporting, that makes you an accessory. Look, I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about. I know you know where he is. If I ever meant anything to you, if there was ever a shred of feeling for me before he got to you, please tell me where he is. Please. So, did you get the closure you wanted? Not yet, but soon, I hope. (no discernible dialog) Just in time. Jessica Gray is here. (phone pinging) Hold on. Now what? Nothing. I'm good, really. Ahem. Elizabeth Brown and my father had a daughter, Ivy. I'm meeting my sister tonight. Blair might have something to say about that. Not if you don't tell him. Damn right I posted those negative reviews. ZipCouch is a poorly-designed app created by a hack who stole all of his best ideas from me. Tell us how you really feel about Nick Mero. He's a loser. His business is booming. Right, for now. ZipCouch is his fifth start-up in eight years. He's a serial entrepreneur. But isn't that what all you start-up people do? Create one tech company after the next? Yeah, but we want them to succeed, not go belly-up in the first few months. Maybe he just had some bad luck. You know what real bad luck is? When an investor I've been courting for months backs out on me 'cause Nick Mero stole him. Nick stole one of your investors? Not one of them... "the" one. Caleb Jenkins. Deep pockets, majorly connected. In fact, he reached out to me recently. About what? So Caleb Jenkins told Jessica that he regretted investing in ZipCouch instead of her app and he promised to infuse her company with millions once he got his money back from Nick Mero. I read that the biggest disrupters in the world are s*x and money. Do you think it's possible an unhappy investor would hire a hitman to damage ZipCouch's reputation and force the CEO to pay him what he's owed? You think like an investigator. Or a criminal. Fisher always says that I need to think like both to solve a crime. Is that how you found Jenkins? Yeah. We paid him a visit. What did he say? He wasn't in a talking mood. Caleb Jenkins was shot twice in the chest. I don't know how you deal with so much death. (sighs) We... just focus on the victims... try to get them the justice they deserve. Using Dad's technology. It's like you speak for the dead. So once ZipCouch started making money Caleb wanted his cut, but got killed. By the same guy who killed Josh? Yet to be determined. Communications. Go. Medical. Go. Sound check, one-two, one-two. Excuse me? Sound check? Yeah, we in a band? You make one mistake. Induce stitch neurosync on my mark. In three, two, one... (whirring) Caleb's with Nick. He looks pissed. We are the #1 app in the nation. I have 75% of this company and I still haven't seen a dime. Believe me, I want to see those profits too, but ZipCouch just took off. ZipCouch is blowing up, but Nick hasn't paid Caleb anything. These apps take time to monetize. Sure, just like the time it took for TravelGuide and HikerGang... Your other failed ventures. Caleb dug up dirt on Nick. I... I don't know who you've been talking to... You lied to me. You led me to believe that I was backing not just a winning app, but a winning CEO. Turns out that you have a bad habit of losing your investors' money. I want my scheduled pay-outs now. Nick just accused Caleb of scamming him. He wants his money now. Two weeks... That's all I need. I promise. Okay, another memory. I'm bouncing. And that's the last thing that happened before you got here. You're all caught up. (doorbell rings) (soft music playing) I shouldn't have come. Oh, come on, this is like when Luke Cage iced out Jessica Jones, except we don't have that mind-control freak to bring us back together. I'm clearly upset and you want to reference comic books? Sorry. You want to come in? Nice of them to take so long. It's not like I'm dying or anything. Samir. You're not dying, baba. You're gonna get better and live to a ripe old age. You got it? Knock, knock. Camille! Hi. Come in, come in. Camille, we've missed you. Oh, right back at you. (laughs) Don't you have to be at work? Work shmerk! I had to bring this player a treat before he went under the knife. Gulab jamun! Just popped over to India to get them for you. No big deal. You are a ray of sunshine. Getti, just a nibble? After the surgery. We'll call it incentive. Mr. Ahluwalia? We're ready for you. Finally. Getti? Don't worry. As long as there is  gulab jamun, I'll be fine. He's gonna be okay. Getti : I know. I love you, baba. See you later! (crying) Damn. I didn't want to do this. It's okay. Some man I turned out to be. You've never been more of a man than you are right now. Someone leaked the Langston case to the press. I thought we were keeping a tight lid on this one? We were. Where is everyone else? Well, Cameron's dealing with girlfriend issues and Camille is with Linus at the hospital. And Kirsten? So it's the end of the wine and the end of the story. There isn't much left to say, except what we both want to hear. True. So... tell me where my father is. Look, I can't say I didn't enjoy hearing about your case and the people you work with, but unless you think someone else is going to show up and tell you how to find him, stop playing games and tell me what his technology is. (phone chiming) Hold on. It's Fisher. Hey, what's up? Sorry to interrupt. ZipCouch murders went public. How? Hell if I know. Nick Mero just announced ZipCouch is shutting down immediately. He's holding a press conference at his offices in a half hour. Okay, I'll meet you there. Uh, I have to go. The ZipCouch murders just got leaked to the press. I thought it was confidential. Yeah, so did I. Nick Mero is closing down his company. So much for his life savings. Wait, Nick Mero says that he owns 50% of ZipCouch. But Caleb Jenkins bought a 75% stake. I need your computer. Uh, okay. What are you doing? Accessing Nick's financial records. Uh, his secure financial records. Are you sure you're just an elementary-school computer teacher? I worked in banking before teaching. Let's see. Check it out. Hi. Good evening. I'm Nick Mero. And I built ZipCouch on the principles of kindness, hospitality and trust among strangers, Unfortunately, the murder of Senator Langston's son means I can no longer assure the safety of our users. And so, despite its success, as of midnight, I'll be taking ZipCouch offline. Any questions? I have one. Will your investors get their money back? Uh, you're not with a news agency. Answer her question. Ahem. Investing has risks. And unfortunately, in light of the circumstances, our valuation will undoubtedly drop to zero. There is nothing to return. That's all for now. Thank you. How is that possible? You lined up 26 different investors and funded the company at 3,000% of what you told everyone you needed. That's not true. You raised more money than you needed so that when the company failed, which you actually wanted it to, you could keep it. Don't believe everything... Only something happened that you didn't expect... ZipCouch took off. And when one of your investors came looking for his share of the profits, the only way out for you was to sabotage the app. Kill a host, and then kill an investor who was getting too close to the truth. Then leak it to the press so the bad publicity justifies closing down the app. Nick Mero, you're under arrest. (all chattering) I hear the sharing economy is booming in prison. (chattering continues) You and me were more than a hook-up or a fling or whatever. I know because I'm usually planning my exit strategy right about now. But I want more from you. Okay, then don't run away. It's pretty clear you and Kirsten have something... special. We're just... I get it, she's amazing. I get it. But you know what? I am too. And I will not be second best. You need to make a choice. The girl in your mind... or the girl standing in front of you. Look, honestly, I was freaking out all day thinking that you weren't going to talk to me again. But this conversation that we're having right now... it's real. And it's... it's open. And I never realized before how much I needed that. Uh-huh. Okay, thank you. They just found a dozen unused clean suits in Nick Mero's storage unit. Who knows how many more users he would have killed to put himself out of business? Impressive work. You figured out his scam while finding time to dodge me. I'm a woman of many talents... just like my sister. Sister? Is that who that was? Half-sister. Daniel Stinger's daughter with his first wife. I assume that you found her during your unauthorized search for him? We'll deal with this in the morning. Okay. I didn't think meeting your boss was the best thing. Yeah, you're probably right. Thank you for your help today. (phone chiming) Damn. Kirsten. Liam. I'll tell you everything you need to know about your father. Meet me. I'll text you where. (hangs up) (phone chimes) My ex-almost fiancé wants to talk. Think you're going to get the answers you're looking for? Yeah. I do. I'm sorry, I... I have to go. We still haven't shared our secrets. I know, but maybe we're forcing the whole trust thing for now. But can we get together again soon? That'd be nice. Okay. I'm not... I'm not really a hugger. Me neither. Okay. Look, we're bonding. Okay, bye. (ringing) Liam :  Kirsten? Where are you? I'm here. Where are you? Yeah, I'm just around the corner. Stay where you are. I'll come to you. Wait, no! (silenced gunshot) Liam! Liam? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 