Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x01 - Kids Today - 9-1-1 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x01 - Kids Today https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1013&t=42421 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 08:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x01 - Kids Today 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Everyday heroes doing extraordinary things. 
 9-1-1 returns. 
 We're gonna find you. 
 ANNOUNCER: Catch all-new episodes Mondays and check out our other Fox programs. 
 Prodigal Son, Almost Family and The Resident. 
 There's more to the story than you know. 
 Only on Fox. 
 (siren wails) 
 ANNOUNCER: We're not sure where this chase started, but the vehicle is currently moving west on the 710 freeway. 
 Whoa, that was close! 
 I count four LAPD vehicles in pursuit. 
 He's got to be going at least 100 miles an hour. 
 105 in a 65 mile an hour zone. 
 He passed me about three miles back. 
 DISPATCHER: Is the suspect male? 
 The suspect was a blur. 
 DISPATCHER: Could you tell if there was anyone else in the vehicle? 
 ATHENA: The only way we're gonna see who's in that car is if we get a whole lot closer. 
 (dramatic music) 
 I'm sorry, did you say you're in the car that the police are chasing? 
 Yeah, I'm the driver. The police are chasing me! 
 (tires screech) 
 What's your name? 
 TONY: It's Tony. Tony Bryson. 
 Okay, Tony, I'm Maddie. Can you tell me what's going on and why you won't pull over for the police? 
 Because I can't! The gear shifter thing broke and now, it just keeps speeding up. 
 I can't stop the car. Please help! 
 (sirens wail) 
 (dramatic music) 
 You think the kid's telling the truth? 
 I think children, as a rule, are pathological liars. 
 So who knows? 
 But this one seems pretty scared. 
 ATHENA: 15 years old, he probably doesn't even have his learner's permit. 
 (horn honking) 
 All right, send me every unit you can spare. 
 We're gonna need to shut down this freeway. 
 * 
 MADDIE: Tony, what's your speed right now? 
 100, 105. 
 And your foot isn't on the gas pedal? 
 No, I'm not touching it at all. 
 It's like the car's possessed. 
 It's like I knew I wasn't supposed to be driving it and it's punishing me. 
 Okay, and you've tried using the brake? 
 TONY: It didn't work. The car wouldn't stop. 
 It started shaking real, real bad. 
 I thought I was gonna crash. 
 There's no way that you can shift the car into neutral? 
 TONY: I'm trying. I can't get it into gear. 
 Please help me. I can't hurt the car. 
 MADDIE: Hey, the car is not important right now. 
 -Only you are. -No, no, no, no, no, no. 
 My dad will kill me if anything happens to this car. 
 MADDIE: Okay, I don't think that's true. 
 TONY: No, he loves it more than anything. 
 More than me. Like, no one's supposed to drive it. 
 He doesn't even drive it. 
 He just sits in it listening to Phil Collins. 
 Okay, Tony, I'm sure that your father-- 
 You have to find another way! 
 ATHENA: I think he's getting tired. 
 We may have even less time than we thought. 
 Isn't there any other way to stop him? 
 ATHENA: He's going too fast for a PIT maneuver. 
 We could try spike strips, but if those tires don't hit just right, he could lose control. 
 -Flip the car. -The convertible. 
 Um, maybe if he aimed for the strips? 
 ATHENA: An inexperienced driver in a car doing triple digits? 
 There's no way he could hit a target that small. 
 (dramatic music) 
 But he could probably hit something bigger. 
 BOBBY: Kid's car is moving like a runaway freight train, but they got a plan to slow him down before he crashes. 
 -So we're on cleanup duty? -Not exactly. 
 Are you insane? 
 That car is a 1970 Ferrari Daytona Spider! 
 And if he so much as puts a scratch on it, I swear to God, I-- 
 Tony is already more afraid of hurting that car than he is of hurting himself. 
 Partially because he is 15, but mostly because he thinks you love that car more than him. 
 Of course I-- he doesn't-- he didn't actually say that, did he? 
 MADDIE: Yes, he did. 
 Now, please, I need you to talk to him and tell him he's wrong, and I need him to believe it. 
 (somber music) 
 -Okay. -MADDIE: We got a cruiser coming to you now. 
 -(siren whoops) -He's here, he's here. 
 * 
 TONY: Maddie, you still there? 
 Maddie, what's going on? Where are you? 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm here. 
 TONY: The police are slowing down. 
 Why? What's happening? 
 -Tony, can you hear me? -TONY: Dad? 
 Oh, God, Dad, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. 
 -I really screwed up. -No, no, it--it--it-- it's fine, son. 
 -TONY: You're not mad? -CHARLES: Of course not. 
 It could happen to anybody, right? 
 Why aren't you mad? You love this car. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I do love the car. 
 I mean, it is a one-of-a-kind car, Tony. 
 But I mean, you're a one-of-a-kind kid, too, right? 
 -Oh, my God, I'm gonna die! -What? 
 TONY: That's why you're doing this. 
 You're just pretending not to be mad. 
 -I told you I'm not mad! -No, you're totally mad! 
 I know it! You're just not yelling at me because you don't want our last words to be-- 
 -That is not-- -I just took the car to show my friends. 
 Like, they didn't believe that some stick in the mud 
 -could have such a cool car-- -Stick in the mud? 
 TONY: It was just supposed to be fun and now, I'm--I'm gonna die. 
 You're not gonna die, okay? 
 I may wring your neck once I know you're safe. 
 So please, just shut up and listen to me for a second, all right? 
 The car doesn't matter, okay? 
 None of it matters, Tony. 
 All that matters is that you get out of there in one piece. 
 That's all that I care about. 
 Maddie says she has a way to stop the car. 
 I need you need to listen to her and then do exactly what she says, okay? 
 Okay. What do I do? 
 Okay, there's an exit coming up. 
 BOBBY: They're clearing a stretch of Woodley Avenue. 
 We'll meet them there. 
 -How fast is he going? -105. 
 Once he gets to Woodley Avenue, he'll hit the brakes, hope he slows down a little. 
 -And that's where we come in. -That's a vintage car. 
 You worried about damaging a classic, Chim? 
 I'm worried about damaging a kid. 
 Airbags weren't standard until the '80s. 
 A car that old, we're lucky it has a shoulder harness. 
 But if they can get it down to 60 or 70... 
 I like his chances better. 
 What kind of crazy person came up with this plan? 
 My wife. 
 (Phil Collins' "In The Air Tonight" plays) 
 * 
 WOMAN: I see him. He's taking the exit. 
 (tires screech) 
 Kid's on the move. 
 Is everyone in position? 
 WOMAN: Bobby, are you ready? 
 BOBBY: I'm getting in position on Woodley Avenue. 
 COLLINS: * Oh, Lord WOMAN: All right, Maddie, we're ready. 
 Let's do this. 
 -Are you ready, Tony? -Yeah, hitting the breaks now. 
 Remember, constant pressure. Don't pump them. 
 Slowing down. 
 It's shaking again. I don't like this. 
 No, no, no, that's okay. That's okay, it's gonna shake. 
 Just stay on the brakes. 
 Keep the wheel straight. 
 What's your speed? 
 95, 90, 85. 
 80. 
 It's not going any lower. 
 Oh, my God, there's a fire truck! 
 What do I do? Do I go around it? 
 MADDIE: Keep going straight. 
 Stay right behind the truck. 
 Do you know where the emergency brake is? 
 Uh, yeah. 
 (tires screech) 
 Oh, the truck's slowing down. It's getting real close. 
 Good, now pull the parking brake and hit that truck. 
 -What? -Hit the truck! 
 * 
 COLLINS: * I can feel it coming 
 * In the air tonight 
 * Oh, Lord 
 * But I've been waiting for this moment * 
 * For all my life 
 (sirens wailing) 
 * Oh, Lord 
 * I can feel it in the air tonight * 
 -Help, hey, help! -COLLINS: * Oh, Lord 
 * Oh, Lord 
 * But I've been waiting for this moment * 
 * For all my life 
 -We got him, Cap. * Oh, Lord 
 * I can feel it 
 (dramatic music) 
 Getting the dry chem, Cap! 
 Tony! 
 -(indistinct), Dad. -Is he okay? 
 HEN: Broken nose, a possible concussion. 
 Or he hit the steering wheel. 
 Was it just your head or your chest too? 
 -Head. -(gas hissing) 
 I'm not seeing any signs of chest trauma. 
 They'll do scans at the hospital just in case. 
 CHARLES: Buddy, it's gonna be okay. 
 They're gonna take you to the hospital. 
 You'll be all right, okay? 
 -I'm sorry, Dad. -It's all right. 
 CHARLES: It's just a car. 
 (air hissing) 
 (soft music) 
 * 
 There'll be an investigation to determine what caused the car to malfunction. 
 I'd call it a loose clutch. 
 Looks like the gear shift broke clean off under the boot. 
 Throttle must have gotten stuck wide open from the linkage break. 
 Wait, how's the car? Can it be fixed? 
 Here, something to remember it by. 
 You know, I heard there's a Testerossa coming up for auction soon. 
 What do you say we get that instead? 
 Does it have airbags? 
 (laughs) 
 (stirring music) 
 Kids today. 
 * 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 BUCK: Martinez! 
 (air hisses) 
 I got them. 
 * 
 I got her. Headed down. 
 * 
 (heavy breathing) 
 Baby doll factory, new record. 
 Most guys take the stairs. Welcome back, Buckley. 
 (Redbone's "Come and Get Your Love" plays) 
 * 
 -* Hey -We're not late, are we? 
 (chuckles) 
 The guest of honor hasn't arrived yet. 
 I'd hate to miss an opportunity to cry. 
 Yeah. 
 ATHENA: Are the IVF shots taking their toll? 
 KAREN: I feel like a human pin cushion. 
 A very weepy pin cushion. 
 (laughter) 
 So first official party at the Grant-Nash household. 
 -Oh. -I didn't think it was gonna really happen. 
 Or that any of us would be invited. 
 See, here you go again. 
 I told you don't take it personally. 
 Then don't take it personally that I ain't getting you guys no gift. 
 -And they're almost here. -And we are almost ready. 
 Sorry, Bobby, no sign of any other platters. 
 I saw your mom put some stuff in the shed. 
 -Maybe check in there. -They're here, they're here. 
 Come on in, he's here. 
 * 
 (doorbell rings) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 * all: Surprise! 
 Aw! 
 -Did you do this? -Yeah. 
 SINGERS: * Come and get your love 
 * 
 * Come and get your love 
 (laughter) 
 * Come and get your love 
 (upbeat music) 
 Wow, thanks, buddy. Wow. This is great. 
 -It's you and me. -Oh, and what's that? 
 -It's a surfboard, right? -Oh, ho, ho, ho. 
 He's obsessed, yeah. 
 BUCK: "Dear Buck, you are an awesome firefighter. 
 Love, Christopher." 
 Very sweet, Christopher. Thank you. 
 (both laughing) 
 All right, thank you. 
 (upbeat music) 
 Ooh, so that's your future baby daddy. 
 Looks a little young. 
 No, this photo is, like, 20 years old. 
 For privacy reasons, they can't show you what he looks like now. 
 Yeah, and he's not a baby daddy. 
 He's a sperm donor. 
 Well, he is a cute sperm donor. 
 -Mm-hmm. -And hey. 
 He's gonna make for a real cute kid. 
 (chuckles) 
 -You are so sweet. -I-- 
 -Oh, oh, God. -Hold me. 
 Ah... 
 (chuckles) 
 Yo, I can't believe you managed to keep this a secret. 
 There's cake? 
 -Uh, two cakes. -Yeah. 
 We weren't sure how today was gonna go. 
 So we had another one on standby in case you crashed and burned that said 
 "better Buck next time." 
 Aw. 
 Wow, you guys just gonna get married already? 
 Oh, don't forget to invite us. 
 * 
 -Okay. -Hey, right? 
 They are sending me the paperwork in the morning and you will officially be back. 
 -How's that feel? -Oh, I'm just glad it's over. 
 You know, I hated not being with you guys. 
 Yeah, we missed you too. 
 It'll be nice to have the whole team back together. 
 Thanks, Cap. And I don't just mean for the party and the cakes. Um... 
 (soft music) 
 Thank you for being there, you know, for the surgeries and the rehabs. 
 I, uh-- 
 I know I wasn't always the easiest person to be around. 
 -Oh, my God. -Oh, really? 
 -No, you weren't that bad. -You should-- 
 (coughing) 
 Ex-girlfriend, sorry. 
 Hey, she just wasn't the right fit. 
 -You'll find someone new. -Sorry, I, uh-- 
 BOBBY: You okay? 
 (Buck coughing) 
 Yeah, I-- 
 (coughs) 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 Buck? 
 (chokes) 
 BOBBY: Buck? 
 * 
 You got lucky. Most people who suffer a pulmonary embolism don't do it surrounded by trained medical professionals. 
 It saved your life. 
 So what caused the blood clot? 
 DOCTOR: Clots, plural. 
 There's the one that hit his lungs, and then there's two more in his leg. 
 As to the cause? It's unclear. 
 Yeah, but he just got a clean bill of health last week. 
 -This came out of nowhere. -DOCTOR: Did it? 
 No pain or tenderness in the leg? 
 Skin discoloration, swelling? 
 I thought I just pulled a muscle or something. 
 Okay, I-I've been training for my LAFD recertification test. 
 Well, it's not surprising. 
 Training hard can lead to dehydration, which can increase the risk of clots. 
 Okay, um, well, great. Look, I'm not dead. 
 You found the clots. When can I get out of here? 
 DOCTOR: We'll move you to a room. 
 Keep you on the anticoagulants. 
 Tomorrow, we'll run some more tests. 
 And then, we'll see. 
 Thanks, Doc. 
 You know what, I'm gonna go tell everyone that you're okay. 
 Let them know that you're staying awhile, all right? 
 When did your leg start bothering you? 
 Like a day or two ago. 
 Maddie, I-I was not ignoring this, okay? 
 I-I didn't know what it was. 
 I thought I had a leg cramp or something. 
 Yeah, well, you need to be more careful. 
 Because if this had happened when you were alone, you could have died. 
 But I--I didn't, okay? I just passed out-- 
 Yeah, just passed out after vomiting up blood. 
 BUCK: What? 
 I don't--I don't remember that. I vomited up blood? 
 -At Bobby and Athena's house? -Yeah. 
 -Oh, no. -Oh, yeah. 
 BOBBY: (exhales) 
 ATHENA: Oh, Michael brought the kids to his place. 
 He's gonna keep them tonight. 
 Did he say how they're doing? 
 Well, May's been quiet, and Harry keeps asking if we're sure it's not Ebola. 
 (chuckles) 
 Well, so much for our first party as a married couple. 
 Mm, well, maybe now they'll all stop complaining that we didn't have a wedding reception. 
 -Where should we start? -Right here. 
 (phone buzzes) 
 (phone clicks) 
 Buck says that he is sorry about the blood and hopes he didn't ruin anything. 
 Oh, I raised two kids in this house. 
 A little ammonia, everything will be fine. 
 Just glad he's okay. 
 He is okay, right? 
 Oh, he was laser-focused on coming back to work, and I thought he was ready. 
 But now, I have to wonder. 
 Mm, you're worried that he's pushing himself too hard? 
 Yeah. 
 That's what I did. Thought I could handle it. 
 Lied to everybody. Ignored the pain. 
 I don't want him making the same mistakes that I did. 
 The job means a lot, but it shouldn't mean everything. 
 He's got to learn that. 
 Yeah, well, I understand the impulse. 
 Whenever I think of Harry and May about to take a stumble, my instinct is to throw myself in front of them, cushion the fall. 
 -Well, Buck's not my kid. -No. 
 But he's also not you. 
 Maybe he's making the same mistakes you did. 
 Maybe he's not. 
 I mean, really, there's only one way to find out for sure. 
 Just wait and see. 
 You got to let them grow up sometime. 
 (dramatic music) 
 (beeping) 
 * 
 Thank God, I wasn't sure that they were gonna send anyone. 
 -BOBBY: You the one who called? -It's my dad, Jack. 
 We came to have lunch with him. He was acting weird. 
 And then, Dave, that's my brother, he noticed something on his stomach. 
 We tried to get a closer look, but he kicked us out and locked the door. 
 DAVE: Finally! Our father is having a medical emergency behind a locked door that no one in this damn place can seem to open. 
 (tense music) 
 The lock's not the problem. 
 There's something on the other side keeping it from opening. 
 Your sister said that you saw something on your father's stomach. 
 Uh, these marks. Like wounds or maybe sores? 
 It was hard to tell. 
 Jack, this is LAFD. Will you please let us in? 
 * 
 Not until those ungrateful vultures stop circling! 
 -Dad. -Hey. 
 Ungrateful? Who does he think pays for this place? 
 JACK: You sold my house to pay for it! 
 Eddie, Chim, we're gonna have to storm the Bastille here. 
 -He's acting like a child. -JACK: I am not. 
 CHIM: Storming the Bastille, Cap. 
 Copy. 
 He's old, Dave. And sad and lonely, living in this place, knowing he's dying. 
 Oh, wait, your father's ill? 
 (tense music) 
 I didn't mean "dying" dying. I just mean-- 
 JACK: You wish, you ungrateful brats. 
 He is 82. 
 And I'm as healthy as a horse. 
 -And stubborn as a mule. -Hey, I'm your father. 
 You're not too old for the back of my hand. 
 Okay, well, then, come on out here and try it, old man. 
 My money's on you. 
 Oh, for Pete's sake. 
 Mm-mm, no. That's not a rash. 
 Maybe MRSA. 
 Have you been to a hospital recently? 
 Ooh, that's the flesh-eating thing, right? 
 Oh, I'm gonna wash my hands. 
 -It's not a MRSA. -Oh, yeah? 
 You sound pretty sure about that. 
 -When did the symptoms start? -A few weeks back. 
 You know, I figured it would go away on its own, like crabs. 
 (quirky music) 
 * 
 Fine, I'll look. 
 Knock yourself out. 
 * 
 -Oh, what is that? -I don't know. 
 Maybe donovanosis. 
 Mm, well, there's something you don't see every day. 
 -Thank you. -No, sir, it looks like you have a flesh-eating STD. 
 Don't thank me. 
 What kind of an 82-year-old gets an STD? 
 Actually happens more than you think. 
 Chlamydia, syphilis, on the rise in people over 65. 
 When I went off to college, you gave me a can of mace and a box of condoms. 
 Told me to always protect myself. 
 So what the hell, Dad? 
 DAVE: What do you mean you got condoms? 
 I just got the mace. 
 I didn't think anybody'd have you. 
 Oh, well, someone's clearly been having you. 
 Who is she? 
 She is none of your damn business. 
 Okay, sir, you're not required to tell us, but you do have to tell them at the hospital because she has to start a course of antibiotics immediately. 
 Um, everyone? My father, Jack here, has a flesh-eating STD. 
 So whomever he's been sleeping with should come to the hospital with us for immediate treatment. 
 Hm? 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (gasps) 
 Okay, ma'am, please come with us. 
 (quirky music) 
 * 
 Oh. 
 What if you slept with one of the women that he slept with? 
 You should probably get that checked out too. 
 (stammers) 
 What kind of a place is this? 
 I can't even with you! 
 You're supposed to be a role model. 
 He is to some people. 
 -(laughing) -Kids today. 
 * 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 (phone rings) 
 Chief, what's going on? 
 BOBBY: You sure it's okay to be walking around like this? 
 BUCK: Yeah, they want me up and moving. 
 You know, it's better for the blood flow in my legs. 
 Seriously, if I'm not being poked or they're not testing me, they're making me walk. 
 So all that testing, do they have any theories yet as to what caused the clots? 
 Not yet, but the meds are working. 
 You know, they're gonna send me home tonight. 
 Oh, hey, um, do I need the hospital to sign some kind of form or anything, you know, for the Department? 
 My clearance? 
 Um... but you're not-- you're not cleared, Buck. 
 Not yet. 
 What--yeah--no-- 
 I-I passed my physical and my recertification test. 
 I've got everything I-I need. 
 It's the blood thinners. 
 Department is concerned about liability issues, and since the doctors haven't figured out what's causing the clots... 
 Uh... 
 I can't come back to work? 
 Well, Buck, if we were out on a call and something happened to you-- 
 And then, I would have two paramedics standing next to me. 
 I would be fine! 
 (tense music) 
 Bobby, you--you know how hard I have worked for this. 
 They can't--they can't do this to me. 
 You--you can't let them take away my job. 
 Hey, we're not. 
 You were injured in the line of duty, and no one is forgetting that. 
 Chief Alonzo thinks that in a few weeks, if you're doing okay on the meds, he can clear you for light duty. 
 * 
 Light duty? 
 Uh... 
 -you mean like a desk job? -Now, listen, Buck, I-- 
 Out there, in the world, helping people. 
 That is where I belong. 
 That is where I have spent five months fighting to get back to. 
 And now, you're gonna tell me I-I can't? 
 Listen, Buck, I know this is hard, but at least light-- 
 No, I don't want light duty, okay? 
 And--and neither would you. 
 (soft music) 
 * 
 No, they are not putting me behind a desk. 
 * 
 I quit. 
 * 
 BOBBY: Maddie said Buck hasn't left the apartment in a week. 
 Yeah, she's tried to get him to go out a couple times, but it's always, "Why would I need to leave? 
 Everyone delivers." 
 He won't even take my calls. 
 He's just sulking, Cap. He'll get over it. 
 Hey. 
 I like to give Buck crap as much as any of you lot, but this was a body blow, guys. 
 The guy's allowed some time to mourn. 
 The question is how much time. 
 I mean, his daily routine of walking from the bed to the couch and back again. 
 That's not gonna help the situation. 
 Look, I know it sucks, but that's life, right? 
 Whenever stuff didn't work out for me, my dad always told me to brush it off, keep moving forward. 
 It wasn't easy but he wasn't wrong. 
 But forward to what? 
 I mean, we all had lives, jobs before we entered the Department. 
 And we have things outside of it. 
 -What--what does Buck have? -Buck has us. 
 Even though he may not believe that right now. 
 So what's Buck gonna do for the rest of his life? 
 I don't know. I'm not sure he even knows what he's gonna do with the rest of his day. 
 Although I suspect lying on the couch and bingeing cooking shows will play a small part. 
 As long as he's binging on the viewing and not the cooking. 
 I saw this one cooking show where the recipe called for five cans of store-bought frosting to make eight cupcakes. 
 Ew, I think I just got a cavity listening to that. 
 (laughter) 
 Honestly, I don't know how to help him. 
 And he just seems so lost. 
 I don't know if I should just give him a swift kick in the butt and get him back out there or hug him and tell him that it's all gonna be okay. 
 Well, no rule says you can't do both. 
 True. 
 (sighs) 
 (phone rings) 
 Uh, 911, what's your emergency? 
 JILL: Help, please. 
 She took me. 
 I'm sorry, I'm having trouble hearing you. 
 -What's your location? -JILL: Oh, no. 
 She stabbed me. 
 A woman stabbed you and took you. 
 -Is that woman still there? -No, bleeding. 
 -Okay, what's your name? -JILL: Jill. 
 We have a female stabbing victim. 
 She doesn't know the address and I can't pinpoint the location. 
 Okay, Jill, you said you were bleeding. 
 Is there anything you can use to put pressure on the wound? 
 -I don't want to die. -That's right. 
 You don't want to die. So you're gonna fight. 
 And I'm gonna help you. Now focus. 
 Look around. Do you see a towel or anything that you can use? 
 -JILL: Clothes. -Grab whatever it is. 
 Put it on that wound and press. 
 Roll over on the wound if you have to. 
 -Just put pressure on it. -It hurts. 
 I know it does. 
 But you're gonna press, and you're gonna fight, and you're gonna stay with me. 
 We're gonna find you, Jill. Do you hear me? 
 (dramatic music) 
 Jill? 
 Jill? 
 * 
 MADDIE: Jill? 
 * 
 The line's open, but still nothing. 
 Phone company gave me contact info for the account holder. 
 -It's her husband. -Okay. 
 (clears throat) 
 
 
 
 -RICK: Hello? -Mr. Evans, hi. 
 This is, uh-- Maddie Buckley. 
 I am calling you from LA City Services and I was hoping that you could help me get in touch with your wife. 
 -Do you know where she is? -RICK: Uh, not sure. 
 I think she was running some errands today. 
 Maybe shopping. Why? 
 Do you have any idea where she was going shopping? 
 What's going on? Where are you calling from? 
 MADDIE: Uh, I work for the city. 
 Your wife called us earlier with a request and we're just trying to get back in touch with her. 
 -RICK: I can call her cell. -I tried that. 
 -She wasn't answering. -RICK: That's not like her. 
 I wish I could remember. 
 She said something about clothes for the baby. 
 How old is your baby? 
 Jill's due next week. It's our first. 
 Jill's pregnant? 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 (sirens wail) 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 License, registration, and proof of insurance, ma'am. 
 Was I speeding or something? 
 ATHENA: Yep, and you blew through a stop sign. 
 (soft cooing) 
 * 
 I'm gonna need you to step out of the vehicle, ma'am. 
 What is going on? 
 All right, ma'am, I'm gonna need you to take a seat. 
 -ATHENA: Who's blood is that? -I don't-- what blood? 
 ATHENA: On your hands and your feet. 
 Did you do something to your baby? 
 NANCY: She's fine. 
 My baby is fine. 
 727-0-30, I have a newborn infant in respiratory distress. 
 She's turning blue. 
 (honking, sirens wailing) 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 BOBBY: Chimney, the NICU is prepped. 
 They're waiting for you. 
 ATHENA: Check the hospitals. 
 See if anyone's missing a newborn. 
 Williams! 
 Talk to dispatch. 
 Tell them to flag any strange calls involving a pregnant woman or someone missing a baby. 
 Hey, so how's the little one? 
 She lost some blood, and the umbilical cord wasn't tied off properly. 
 Baby can't be more than an hour old. 
 -BRANFORD: Sergeant Grant? -ATHENA: Yeah? 
 So is she gonna be okay? 
 HEN: This baby wasn't born in a hospital. 
 BRANFORD: Found this in the trunk. 
 * 
 ATHENA: And that woman is not the mother. 
 HOPE: I'm sorry, how did you get my number? 
 Your brother-in-law, Rick. 
 He said you and Jill were supposed to meet for breakfast this morning. 
 HOPE: Yeah, this place near my house. 
 Jill's become obsessed with their breakfast burritos. 
 Though I'm not sure how she can actually taste them with all the hot sauce she's been using. 
 And what time did you leave her? 
 HOPE: A little bit after 9:00. I had to get to work. 
 And did she tell you where she was going? 
 HOPE: She was going to get stuff for the baby. 
 Uh, clothes, I think. 
 Okay, where? A store? 
 HOPE: Did something happen to Jill? 
 Your sister called 911 and said she'd been attacked. 
 But she didn't know where she was and we're trying to find her, but I need your help. 
 HOPE: Oh, my God. 
 She's been trying to save money, buying used baby things she found online. 
 She didn't want Rick to know. 
 She knew he'd freak out. 
 Well, she was going to meet someone who'd placed an ad online? 
 -Where? -HOPE: It was a public place. 
 It was supposed to be safe. 
 Vitals, blood glucose are normal. 
 No sign of impairment. 
 Yeah, whatever's wrong with that lady, we don't have a test for it. 
 Okay, well, dispatch said to stay here. 
 -It's a critical missing. -Or a possible homicide. 
 Well, Chimney said the baby started to respond when they got to the hospital. 
 So maybe we'll get lucky twice today. 
 All right. 
 * 
 ATHENA: Tell me where the mother is, Nancy. 
 -What'd you do to her? -(chuckles) I'm the mother. 
 (tense music) 
 Is Aria okay? When can I see her? 
 We both know that you're not that child's mother. 
 -She's not your baby. -No! No, you don't understand. 
 She has to be. I-I promised. 
 -Promised what? -NANCY: I promised George there was gonna be a baby. 
 There has to be a baby this time. 
 I don't know if you're insane or evil, but neither one is helping your situation right now. 
 Because if we do not find her in time, if she dies, things will not go well for you. 
 Now you tell me what you did with that baby's mother. 
 I'm the mother. 
 Sergeant, we got something. 
 Her sister said Jill was meeting a woman in Griffith Park by the pony rides. 
 All right, I'm two minutes out. 
 Okay, we checked the call logs. 
 Nothing from the park today. No reports of people seeing an assault or a woman in trouble. 
 The park's more than 4,000 acres. 
 She could've taken Jill anywhere. 
 Did Jill tell you anything about her location? 
 MADDIE: She sounded really disoriented. 
 All she said was it was dark. 
 There was a weird sound, though. 
 I heard it after she passed out. 
 Like a whistle, or maybe a horn. 
 * 
 (horn blares) 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 I'm sorry, I haven't seen her. 
 BOBBY: I checked all the bathrooms. 
 She's not there. 
 Are you sure you didn't see her? 
 It would have been about an hour ago. 
 She'd be driving a 1996 burgundy Cadillac. 
 -Wait, the red Caddy? -So you do remember? 
 No, I remember the car. 
 We cater to mostly the SUV and minivan crowd. 
 But that woman wasn't driving it. 
 It was some other lady. Different hair. 
 -Okay, thank you. -Yeah. 
 * 
 So Nancy moved the car, but why? 
 -Throw us off? -Nancy meets Jill here, shows her the baby clothes. 
 They're out in the open, people can see them. 
 So she can't take the baby here. 
 She's got to get Jill alone. 
 Nancy walks Jill to her car, offers to put the clothes in her trunk. 
 Hits her in the head, throws her in the trunk and moves the car. 
 Jill did tell Maddie it was dark. 
 She's still in that trunk. 
 Nancy couldn't have driven far. 
 She needed to take that baby and carry it back to her own car. 
 (train whistle blows) 
 ATHENA: Can you get a car back there? 
 Yeah, that's where we load the horse trailers in. 
 Bobby, there! 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 I tried the door. It's locked. 
 All right. 
 I got a pulse. It's weak, but it's there. 
 All right, let's get her out of there. 
 * 
 MADDIE: Jill, Jill, are you there? 
 Jill, are you with me? Jill, can you hear me? 
 Jill, please respond. 
 -Maddie. -MADDIE: Athena, is she-- 
 ATHENA: Alive. 
 She's alive. 
 (exhales) 
 I can't thank you enough. 
 If it hadn't been for all of you... 
 (soft music) 
 ATHENA: Your wife doing okay? 
 Yeah, she made it through surgery and the doctors say she's doing well, all things considered. 
 Jill's a fighter. They both are. 
 You guys come up with a name yet? 
 You know, we had a list before. 
 Somehow, none of those seem right anymore. 
 You'll figure it out. You have time. 
 Yeah. 
 (baby cries) 
 (soft music) 
 You ready to go meet your mom, little girl? 
 * 
 Oh, she is so tiny and sweet. 
 BOBBY: Are you and Chimney thinking about-- 
 Well, you two just got married. 
 -Are you? -Point taken. 
 (laughs) 
 Well, people always say, "they grow up so fast." 
 And they do, sort of. 
 But I'm not interested in resetting the clock for another 18 years. 
 18? 
 Buck is 28 and I still have my hands full. 
 What now? 
 See? 
 They don't grow up that fast. 
 (baby crying) 
 * 
 (upbeat music) 
 * 
 It's weird, right? Everyone's got baby fever. 
 Oh, my God, we are surrounded by people with kids, people trying to have kids, people eviscerating other people to get a kid. 
 (laughter) 
 You know, we never really talked about that. 
 Is that something that you want? 
 -To eviscerate someone? -To have kids. 
 I did. 
 But then, I got married, and it just never felt... safe in that situation. 
 What about you? 
 Still adjusting to the idea that I'm not a kid myself. 
 No, seriously, uh... 
 I had a great mom that I lost too soon, a nonexistent father I barely speak to. 
 I just don't know if I'd know how to be a good parent myself. 
 Yeah, me, either. 
 I still feel like I'm carrying around too much baggage. 
 Okay. 
 -So then, we don't know. -Yeah. 
 We are a firm maybe, someday. 
 -Someday. -Wait. 
 Are we the only people we know who don't have kids? 
 both: Buck. 
 (upbeat music) 
 (laughter) 
 EDDIE: Get up. 
 (groans) 
 Why, man? Come on. 
 (exhales) 
 Because it's morning and you have things to do. 
 No, I really don't. 
 EDDIE: You need to get out of this house and take a walk around the block and get some fresh air. 
 Why? What's the point? 
 Well, the point is, your life isn't over just because you're not a firefighter. 
 Says the firefighter. 
 EDDIE: You know, that blood clot could've almost killed you. 
 But it didn't. 
 You have your whole life ahead of you, so why don't you just take it as a win and stop feeling sorry for yourself? 
 (exhales) 
 CHRISTOPHER: Hey, Buck. 
 Hey, buddy. 
 Uh, what are you doing here? 
 He's hanging out with his Buck today! 
 Because I have to go work today. 
 Where's Carla? 
 She went to Morongo. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So take him out, have some fun. 
 Maybe you'll learn something. 
 He never feels sorry for himself. 
 -Love you, buddy. -Love you. 
 Love you, Dad. 
 (soft music) 
 * 
 (exhales) 
 So what do you like to do for fun? 
 ("This Is The Day" by The The plays) 
 * 
 Now which one do you want to go on next? 
 Down here? Come on, come on. 
 (vocalizes) 
 * 
 Great, right? 
 (laughs) 
 What? 
 MAN: * Well, you didn't wake up this morning * 
 * Because you didn't go to bed * 
 * You were watching the whites of your eyes turn red * 
 * The calendar on your wall 
 -Mmm! -Good? 
 -Yeah. -MAN: * The days off 
 * You've been reading some old letters * 
 (shutter snaps) 
 * You smile and think how much you've changed * 
 (laughter) 
 MAN: * All the money in the world * 
 * Couldn't buy back those days * 
 BUCK: This is for all the marbles. 
 -CHRISTOPHER: Buck? -BUCK: Yeah, buddy? 
 I don't want the marble. 
 I want the bear! 
 (laughs) 
 No, it's--it's just a figure of speech. 
 -Now, you ready? -Yeah! 
 All right. I'm gonna hold here. 
 (bell rings) 
 All right, all right, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot! 
 MAN: * Your life will surely change * 
 Oh, you did it! Give me my high five! 
 -(siren wailing) -Oh-ho-ho-ho. 
 MAN: And we have a winner! 
 MAN: * And all your friends and family * 
 -CHRISTOPHER: Buck! -* Think that you're lucky 
 * But the side of you they'll never see * 
 -* Is when you're left alone -Buck! 
 Oh, here, uh, sorry, I-- I got it. 
 * Hold your life together 
 -Are you okay? -MAN: * Like glue The universe is mocking me. 
 Let's go feed the fish. 
 MAN: * This is the day 
 * Your life will surely change * 
 You ever think about what you want to do with your life? 
 What you want to be when you grow up? 
 Astronaut or a pirate. 
 Some good choices. 
 Cool outfits too. 
 No, wait. 
 A firefighter! 
 (chuckles) 
 Yeah, me too. 
 But, Chris, if those career paths don't work out, um... 
 (soft music) 
 I hope you do find something you love. 
 You know, something you're good at. 
 That makes you feel like you matter. 
 Something you could do forever. 
 Because when you do, it's gonna tell you who you are. 
 And it's gonna show you the rest of your life. 
 And that is the best feeling. 
 * 
 And I hope you get that. 
 And I hope you get to keep it. 
 You're gonna be okay, kid. 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 