Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x05 - Rage - 9-1-1 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x05 - Rage https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1013&t=42426 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 08:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x05 - Rage 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Everyday heroes doing extraordinary things. 
 9-1-1 returns. 
 We're gonna find you. 
 ANNOUNCER: Catch all-new episodes Mondays and check out our other Fox programs. 
 Prodigal Son, Almost Family and The Resident. 
 There's more to the story than you know. 
 Only on Fox. 
 (The Pretenders' "Precious") 
 (people screaming, laughing) 
 (grunts) 
 A rage room? Denise, this is silly. 
 Come on, it'll be fun. 
 We get to smash a bunch of junk. 
 -I don't know. -Oh, Emily. 
 We are doing this. 
 When is the last time you allowed yourself to feel angry? 
 I mean, really angry. Never. 
 Even after Eric asked you for the divorce. 
 Just think of his face every time you smash something to pieces. 
 Okay, I'm in. 
 (bell rings) 
 (glass shattering) 
 -Hm. -Shall we? 
 (bell ringing) 
 (grunts) 
 Whoo! You're up! 
 I don't think this is working. 
 Come on! You gotta reach down deep and find your rage! 
 (laughs) 
 -Okay. -Remember when you made that big anniversary dinner and Eric didn't even show up? 
 Didn't that piss you off? 
 Yes, I spent $400 on a sous-vide and boiled meat in a plastic bag. 
 -Yeah, you did. -Oh. Okay. 
 That a girl! 
 What about the time when he took that boys' trip up in Big Bear and he left you home alone with a sick two-year-old? 
 I was covered in puke and poop and he was at a ski lodge sipping bourbon and smoking cigars! 
 And what about that thing he does where he barks like a seal when he's having s*x? 
 I mean, what is that about? 
 I never told you about that. 
 Sure, you did. Ahh-- 
 I mean, you must have. You tell me everything. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I knew there was someone else. 
 And it was you! 
 No, no, it's--it's not. 
 -(screams) -I mean, not recently. 
 You're supposed to be my best friend! 
 -(screams) -(grunting) 
 (screaming) 
 (whimpering) 
 EMILY: (screaming) 
 I'm sorry, I can't hear you. What is that noise? 
 DENISE: Friend! I've unleashed a monster. 
 -She's gonna kill me. -Ma'am, can you tell me 
 -where you're calling from? -DENISE: Happy's Rage Room, downtown! 
 HEN: Apart from a blowout bar, this is the dumbest thing people in L.A. pay money for. 
 I think it's genius. 
 Your victim's in there. 
 -Where? -(sighs) 
 There. Your victim climbed into the barrel after her BFF started chasing her 
 -with a sledgehammer. -I thought the point was to smash things, not each other. 
 Wife. Mistress. 
 Adulterous slut! 
 Does the adulterous slut have a name? 
 Denise. She can't hear you very well in there. 
 Ears ringing. 
 BOBBY: Denise, are you hurt? 
 -DENISE: What? -Ah, looks like she's sledge hammered in there pretty good, Cap. 
 Lena, Eddie, saws and jaws. 
 On it, Cap. 
 Denise, we're gonna cut you out of there. 
 DENISE: What? 
 (saw whirring) 
 (dramatic music) 
 * 
 (metal groaning) 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 Wait, excuse me. Please, don't arrest her. 
 This is all my fault. 
 You wanna be a better friend? Bail her out. 
 I'd rather rot in jail than have her do another thing for me. 
 EMILY: I should've never trusted you! 
 Consider this the end of our friendship! 
 I hate you! Next time-- 
 So much anger in the world these days. 
 I can see why this place is all the rage. 
 -See what I did there? -(scoffs) Oh, I see it. 
 (laughter) 
 -(phone buttons beep) -(siren whirs) 
 I'm really sorry about this. 
 I thought I was gonna have the day off. 
 Oh, it's fine. 
 Pretty sure I'm gonna have an easier day than you are. 
 (chuckles) A root canal would be more fun. 
 -(chuckles) -(phone chimes) 
 (gasps) 
 Six-- 
 Six embryos made it. 
 They're sending them for testing, and then-- 
 HEN: We can schedule the transfer. 
 (both laugh) 
 I guess we have to start deciding exactly how many little pairs of feet we want stomping around this house. 
 (both laugh) 
 Mom, have you seen my phone charger? 
 Why am I the lost and found? 
 In the kitchen. Next to the coffee maker. 
 And hurry! Let's go! 
 What time are you and Bobby leaving? 
 We're not. 
 What? I thought you guys were going 
 -to that B&B up the coast. -Canceled, on account of a lawsuit. 
 Buck's suing the city to get his job back. 
 Bobby has to go in for an arbitration hearing today. 
 Wow. Last time I saw Buck he was coughing up blood on the patio. 
 Oh, yeah. He's a sweet kid, but I need to stop inviting him over. 
 Chaos inevitably ensues. 
 That sounds like a great idea. 
 None of this would've happened if you hadn't invited him over for dinner. 
 Excuse you. 
 And that would be my cue. 
 Hey, Harry! Come on, let's go, man! 
 You know your grandmother's expecting us for lunch. 
 And if we're late, I am definitely blaming you. 
 It won't matter. It's genetically impossible for GG to get mad at me. 
 (laughs) 
 -Bye, Bobby. -You two be good. 
 Don't give your dad too much trouble. 
 -Give GG a kiss hello for me. -I will. 
 Have fun! 
 * 
 So, what is that about this Buck thing being my fault? 
 I think I'll exercise my right to remain silent. 
 I love you. 
 (laughs) 
 ARBITRATOR: This is not a trial, and I am not a judge. 
 This arbitration will address Mr. Buckley's claim against the Los Angeles Fire Department for wrongful termination. 
 Buck wasn't terminated. He still has his job. 
 CHASE: It's our position that Firefighter Buckley, while not technically fired, has been constructively terminated from all components of firefighting duty. 
 A defacto firing. 
 Which is a direct result of a pattern of discriminatory and unequal treatment 
 -on the part of Captain Nash. -Unequal treatment? 
 I don't treat Buck any differently than I do any other firefighter under my watch. 
 -Really? -Really. 
 See, I was hit from behind with a construction truck and the rebar entered the back of my skull and went right through my brain and exited my forehead. 
 -See that little scar? -Yeah. 
 It's all I ended up with. 
 That's miraculous. 
 And how long did it take before you returned to work? 
 Uh... several weeks. 
 No, you know what? It was more closer to a month. 
 I'm a quick healer, evidently. 
 CHASE: Evidently. 
 And your more recent medical trauma-- after you were stabbed repeatedly by your girlfriend's ex-husband-- 
 How long before you were back with the 118? 
 That was also about a month. 
 CHASE: Hm. So it's fair to say Captain Nash has followed a pattern of allowing firefighters with serious injuries back after less than a month. 
 No, I don't think it is fair to say. 
 Every patient is different. Every injury is different. 
 The blood thinners that Buck has to take right now makes it very dangerous for him to be in the field. 
 Tell me... do you recognize this brochure? 
 Yes. 
 Can you tell us what it is? 
 HEN: It's a commercial brochure for anticoagulant blood thinner medication. 
 Medications that you yourself sold in your former career as a pharmaceutical rep. 
 -Is that right? -Yes. 
 And in your sales pitch to your doctor clients, was it your contention that these medications would allow patients to resume their normal lives? 
 I was a sales rep, not a doctor. 
 But you were a field medic. 
 Doesn't qualify me to comment on Buck's medical status. 
 It does make me understand the chain of command. 
 And if Cap says he's not ready, he's not ready. 
 Were you ready, Firefighter Diaz, to return to work after your wife's death? 
 That's my business. 
 CHASE: It's also your Captain's business. 
 He never suggested you take some time? 
 -See a counselor? -He wasn't there at the time. 
 'Cause he'd been suspended. 
 Captain Nash's suspension was adjudicated. 
 I don't see how it is relevant 
 -to this proceeding. -It's relevant because it illustrates how everyone except Mr. Buckley is allowed to return to the job, no matter the injury or infraction. 
 Buck has a chronic medical condition. 
 And what about your own chronic medical condition, Captain Nash? 
 I believe the National Institute of Health classifies alcoholism as a chronic brain disease. 
 I'm clean and sober. 
 You are now, and you were before. 
 But isn't it true that just about a year and a half ago, you did have a relapse? 
 I did. 
 After the Liberty jet crash, I drank. 
 I was not on duty. 
 But it was you and Mr. Buckley who found Bobby passed out in his apartment. 
 Yes. 
 That happened. 
 I did not know about that. 
 That was before I got here. 
 You asked my client for his help that day. 
 That's exactly what he did, without hesitation. 
 He helped you get sobered up, and then you returned to your full duties as captain of the 118. 
 -Yes, that's all true. -So isn't the only difference between your off-duty relapse and Mr. Buckley's is that he actually did everything in his power to help you return to your job. 
 CHASE: Well, I thought that went great. 
 I'll let you know what I hear. Okay? You did good. 
 * 
 CLAIRE: Come on, let's go, let's go. 
 Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. 
 We're here at the McDouglas duck farm where countless innocent duck lives are being snuffed out on a daily basis. 
 If the law won't shut 'em down, we will. 
 If you want to support our mission, please, go to our website. 
 Get mad! 
 TOBY: We're right here. We're here for you guys. 
 We're coming. 
 (ducks quacking) 
 We're here in the slaughterhouse where these defenseless will get clamp to these hooks and conveyed to their deaths. 
 Mechanized murder! 
 Not on our watch. 
 (metal clanging) 
 CLAIRE: Over there. Under the machine. Let's go. 
 The hell are you people doing here? 
 Exercising our First Amendment right to protest. 
 Like hell. 
 You're trespassing! 
 We're making sure no more innocent ducks die today. 
 Oh, don't do that! 
 -Don't do that! -Rage against the cage. 
 ALL: Rage against the cage! Rage against the cage! 
 -Rage against the cage! -Hey, hey, hey! 
 ALL: Rage against the cage! 
 Oh, no, no, no! Now that's just vandalism. 
 (alarm blares) 
 -CLAIRE: Oh, my God! -Oh, crap. 
 CLAIRE: Oh, my God! Turn it off! Turn it off! 
 -Turn it off! -(screaming) 
 -(shouting) -CLAIRE: Turn it off! 
 Turn it off! Turn it off! Turn it off! 
 (choking) 
 The damn fools locked themselves to the belt and the motor got kicked on. 
 Now it seems to be stuck. 
 BOBBY: Can you cut the power? 
 RICK: I do that, I got 1,400 duck carcasses starting to rot. 
 Toby, where is the key to your lock? 
 -I can't find it. -I swallowed it. 
 You swallowed it? 
 We didn't say anything about swallowing the keys! 
 Oh, you withheld information from your team. 
 How's that working out for you? 
 -Lena, bolt cutters! -Sir, try not to struggle. 
 Coming in hot! 
 (grunts, coughing) 
 I got some bruising, possible swelling of the trachea. 
 We're gonna get you to the hospital. 
 They'll check you out there. 
 I'm fine. I don't need to go to the hospital. 
 He needs to go to jail. 
 (machinery winds down) 
 Hey, did you just shut that off? 
 So? 
 So you could've done that the whole time, and you just let it run? 
 -Ah, man, they were trespass-- 
 -They're just idiot kids! They could've died! 
 Bobby! 
 (coughing) 
 It's gotta be that key. Keep coughing, buddy. 
 -HEN: Toby? Toby? What's wrong? -Starting the Heimlich! 
 -He's not breathing. -All right, get him on a backboard, now! Let's go! 
 -Ready? -CLAIRE: Something's not right. 
 Toby? He's not-- He's dying. 
 -HEN: I got a pulse. -CHIMNEY: Let's ventilate. 
 CLAIRE: Oh, I'm scared. I'm scared, Toby. 
 He's dying, guys. This is not-- 
 (coughing) 
 The key must've torn his trachea. 
 We gotta try to get it out. 
 CHIMNEY: Lena, my bag. Magill forceps. 
 Oh, God. Please don't let him die on my property. 
 * 
 CLAIRE: (breathing heavily) Oh. 
 -HEN: Stable. -CLAIRE: Oh! 
 He never told me he was gonna eat that key. 
 HEN: He's still not breathing. 
 Two more rescue breaths. 
 * 
 Chest is rising. 
 He's breathing. 
 You still wanna press charges? 
 -I think we're good. -CHIMNEY: All right, let's get him on a gurney, on three. 
 NICK: * I'm a sucker for you 
 * 
 You know, I thought that we agreed to be technology free on this trip. 
 We just passed L.A. city limit. 
 -Oh, God. -(laughs) 
 Could you at least check on your brother and make sure he's still breathing. 
 I think he's in a food coma from GG's cooking. 
 Ohh, that's the only way to go. 
 (both laugh) 
 Ooh! 
 Mm, call your mother and tell her we'll be home 
 -in about half an hour. -Okay. 
 (siren chirps, horn blares) 
 -Or not. -(siren continues) 
 Come on! 
 (radio chatter) 
 * 
 Hey. 
 License and registration. 
 It's in the glove box. You mind if I reach for it? 
 All right. 
 (opens glove box) 
 All right. Here you go. 
 This your car? 
 It's on the paperwork. 
 Step out of the car, sir. 
 What? Why? 
 Ah, it's fine, baby. 
 Sit tight. 
 Where you coming from? 
 Visiting my mother. 
 Do you mind if I ask why you pulled me over? 
 Expired tags. 
 Wait here while I run your information. 
 Oh, wait a minute. Wait. I--I actually 
 -have the tags in my car-- -Don't move. 
 Turn around, put your hands on the hood and wait here while I run your plates. 
 Excuse me? Hold on for a second. 
 -I said don't move! -Oh! Okay, okay, okay! 
 -Hands on the hood! -(phone beeps) 
 REYNOLDS: Our friend here is having trouble listening to directions. 
 -Please, miss. -What are you doing to my dad? 
 -Get back in the vehicle. -May, get back in the car! 
 -Do what he says. -No, they can't just 
 -treat us like this. -REYNOLDS: Take her phone. 
 -Stop. -Back seat! 
 -No, no, no! -Dad! 
 -Hands in the air! -No, no, stop, stop, stop! 
 -No! -Hands in the-- 
 -Get off me! -(all shouting) 
 -Back in the car, now! -Do not move! 
 Please don't shoot my son! Don't you shoot my son! 
 Look, my wife is a sergeant. 
 Her name is Athena Grant. LAPD. 
 Please. 
 * 
 (somber music) 
 * 
 It's just a kid. 
 Come here. Come here, come here, come here. 
 Okay. It's okay. Harry, sit tight, man. 
 REYNOLDS: It's all good. You got this. 
 Yeah. 
 You folks have a nice night, then. 
 * 
 Come on. 
 Come here, man. Ahh. 
 Ahh, okay. We're good. 
 MICHAEL: We're good. You get in the car, now. 
 Let's go. Let's go, yeah? All right. 
 * 
 -(engine starts) -(siren chirps) 
 * 
 Shoot first, and then ask questions later. 
 That's how they're trained. 
 But they didn't fire their weapons, thank God. 
 All right? It was just a bad stop. They happen. 
 They pulled their guns, Athena. 
 It wasn't just a bad stop. 
 We will file a complaint. There will be an investigation. 
 And what do you think the determination will be of that? 
 Let me save you the paperwork. 
 We'd be lucky for a slap on the wrist. 
 Is Dad gonna get arrested? 
 What? No, man. Come here. 
 Hey, listen, my man. 
 Daddy's not going anywhere. It's okay. 
 No, it's not okay. 
 They could've killed Harry, and they could've killed you. 
 May. Please, now. 
 What? It's the truth. 
 Why do they do that to us? 
 'Cause they were afraid, honey. And they overreacted. 
 They were afraid because they saw me as a big, scary black man. 
 Well, arguing with the police probably wasn't the best choice. 
 Wait a minute. Are you blaming me for this? 
 No. 
 Well, you're giving them the benefit of the doubt. 
 -Because I am them! -Right. 
 All right, I know what it's like. 
 You're walking up to a car, all right? 
 You're out in the open, exposed. 
 You don't know what's waiting for you when you walk up to that window. 
 It's a father and his two kids. 
 So you don't think that maybe that was the moment that they should've stood down? 
 Yes! All right? 
 And the idea of what could've happened terrifies me. 
 So it's not as simple as pick a side. 
 How can you be a cop when they treat black people like this? 
 It is not all cops, May. 
 The good outnumber the bad. 
 Not when the good choose to look the other way when the bad do stuff like this. 
 No one is looking the other way. 
 Really? Because those cops will go home tonight and they'll probably sleep easy. 
 Business as usual for them. 
 But our son and daughter are sitting here, traumatized. 
 You know what? 
 They're not gonna forget what they did to us, okay? 
 I have it all on my cell phone. I'm posting the video. 
 You will not. 
 We do not need that kind of attention. 
 This family doesn't. 
 You and Harry's face online, just forever associated with that incident. 
 I do not want that for you. 
 You're right, you're right, you're right. 
 Your mother-- your mother's right. 
 Besides, nobody got shot, right? 
 Probably wouldn't get that much of a reaction anyway. 
 Michael, the police are not the enemy. 
 All right? It's not us versus them. 
 I do not wanna teach our kids that. 
 Then tell your colleagues that. 
 Because that's how I felt when they pulled a gun out on our son! 
 (sighs) 
 Okay, bud. 
 Let's go. 
 All right, strong legs. There we go. 
 Are you sure about this? 
 I'm gonna have Carla pick you up after the party. 
 No, Dad. I--I wanna go. 
 Hey, guys! You made it! 
 Dillon is so excited! 
 Maybe now he'll stop talking about it. 
 Wait, who am I kidding? No, he won't. 
 -(laughs) -You got my emails, right? 
 I did. Very detailed. 
 All right. Be good, have fun. 
 Call me if you need anything, okay? 
 Okay, Dad. I love you. 
 I love you too, kid. 
 All right. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. 
 (laughing) 
 -Thank you. -Mm-hmm. 
 He's going to be okay, Eddie. 
 EDDIE: I know. He hasn't had a nightmare in a week. 
 The doctor says a sleepover will be great for him. 
 I'm not sure how good it's gonna be for me. 
 Listen, don't worry. 
 Dillon's got this whole camping situation set up in the backyard, and Ron'll be in the tent next to them. 
 Okay, we'll call you if there's any problem. 
 Now, go relax. Recharge. 
 I will return him to you in one piece tomorrow. 
 -Thanks, Tasha. -Mm-hmm. 
 Hey, that's a handicapped spot. 
 -I know. -Oh, you know. 
 (laughs) Oh, that's rich. 
 I had knee surgery and had to park three rows in, but, uh, look at you. 
 Must be nice to own the world. 
 Look, I'm not doing this with you, man. 
 My kid has CP, and I just dropped him off. 
 Yeah, I'm sure. Like those guys that put dummies in their passenger seats so they can use the carpool lane. 
 -Did you just insult my kid? -I ain't insulting anybody. 
 I'm calling you out. 
 You got something to say about that? 
 (siren wails) 
 (gate buzzing) 
 Thanks for coming to bail me out. 
 I was surprised to get your call. 
 I didn't realize we reached the bail each other out of jail phase of our friendship. 
 EDDIE: Well, there's no way I was gonna call my abuela or the 118, and I'm not allowed to talk to Buck. 
 Look, I don't mind the bailing, but I'm a little concerned about the jailing part. 
 I guess I just snapped. 
 -You punched a handicapped guy. -He wasn't handicapped. 
 He had a bad-- he had a bad knee, there's a difference. 
 It won't happen again. 
 -Lesson learned. -Hope so. 
 I also hope this guy doesn't have a lawyer. 
 * 
 (knocking) 
 Yeah, I got a client meeting. I'll call you back. 
 Boy, you got here fast. 
 Hope you didn't break any laws on the way here. 
 Though, I do know someone. 
 You, uh, you said you had big news? 
 The biggest. 
 -Uh, what--what is this? -That is the city's offer. 
 They wanna settle. Now, it's only a jumping off point. 
 We can counter. 
 Th--this is all they're offering? 
 (laughs) Did I, uh-- did I forget a zero? 
 No, I got it right. 
 You do understand they're offering you 
 -millions of dollars. -I don't want millions. 
 I--I want my job back. 
 That was the whole point in us doing this. 
 But you'd be a millionaire. Congratulations. 
 You never have to have a job again. 
 Yeah, I didn't do this for money. 
 I did this so that I could go back to doing what I love. 
 To be back with my team. 
 (chuckles) 
 Uh, you really think they're gonna welcome you back, kid? 
 I mean, not to toot my own horn, but I raked your friends over the coals pretty hard. 
 Wait, I told you that stuff, not so that you would use it, it was just information. 
 What happened to attorney-client privilege? 
 Okay, that doesn't work how you think it does. 
 But I did exactly what you asked me to do. 
 We won. Maybe not how you wanted, but-- 
 Well, this doesn't feel like winning. 
 But it's probably as close as you're ever gonna get. 
 So what do you wanna do? 
 MAY: What are you doing to my dad? 
 MARTIN: Miss, get back in the vehicle. 
 MICHAEL May, get back in the car. 
 Okay, do what he says. 
 MAY: No, they can't just treat us like this. 
 -REYNOLDS: Take her phone. -MAY: No. 
 -MARTIN: Back seat. -MAY: No, no, stop! 
 MARTIN: Hands in the air! 
 (shouting, struggling efforts) 
 MAY: Stop! Stop! 
 MARTIN: Get back in the car, now! 
 -MAY: Leave us alone! -MICHAEL: Don't shoot my son! 
 Don't you shoot my son! 
 Look, my wife is a sergeant. Her name is Athena Grant. 
 You sure you wanna watch that? 
 I needed to see it for myself. 
 I'm gonna recommend suspension without pay while the department conducts their investigation. 
 I'm gonna push for disciplinary action. 
 Most likely, there'll be no real consequences for their actions? 
 None that will feel satisfying. 
 Reynolds has a long list of complaints. 
 Excessive force, unlawful search and seizure, violation of civil liberties. 
 Yeah, the problem is he always stops just short of doing something truly awful, so none of it sticks. 
 Well, maybe it has something to do with who's making the complaints. 
 Almost every incident on that list involves a black or brown suspect. 
 I'm aware of the pattern. 
 But I'm not gonna lie to you, Athena. 
 This is probably gonna go away, too. 
 Yeah, for them. But not for my family. 
 Certainly not for me. 
 (shouting, clamoring) 
 (rock music) 
 * 
 (grunting) 
 * 
 -(grunting) -(cheering) 
 * 
 Stock market's closed you don't need to check your portfolio. 
 I'm making sure Christopher didn't text. 
 He's not gonna text. 
 He's having the time of his life. 
 You, on the other hand, are so amped you can't see straight. 
 What am I missing, anyways, besides fake fight club. 
 This is your idea of helping me. 
 You're a powder keg. 
 
 
 
 You beat up a guy over a parking space. 
 But a place like this could be a healthy outlet for your issues. 
 (laughs) 
 What are you, my therapist now? 
 Just the chick who bailed you out of jail. 
 I thought we weren't talking about that. 
 FIGHT ORGANIZER: Bosko! You're up! 
 (laughs) Wait, wait. You're fighting. 
 I'm not the only one with stuff to work out. 
 Hold my beer. 
 (Bikini Kill's "Rebel Girl") 
 KATHLEEN: * That girl thinks she's the queen * 
 * Of the neighborhood 
 * She's got the hottest trike in town * 
 (cheering) 
 * That girl, she holds her head up so high * 
 * I think I wanna be her best friend, yeah * 
 * Rebel girl, rebel girl 
 (grunts) 
 -(grunting) -(cheering) 
 -(grunts) -(crowd clamoring) 
 (grunts) 
 (both grunt) 
 MAN: Whoa! 
 (fighters grunting) 
 (cheering) 
 MICHAEL: Thanks for dinner, Bobby. 
 I really needed to see my kids, you know? 
 How are you doing? 
 Ah, I'm still mad as hell. 
 Me too. I thought the world had changed. 
 Or I guess I wanted to believe it had. 
 No, it's not just you. 
 I got too comfortable. You know, architect, nice house, nice car, married to an LAPD sergeant. 
 (chuckles) 
 Formerly married. 
 I thought I was exempt. 
 And then I was reminded that I'm not. 
 And neither is my son. 
 And that's the part that I'm really struggling with. 
 Because that's the promise that we make, right? 
 When we have kids-- that their lives are gonna be better and easier than ours were. 
 Yeah, but Harry's ten. 
 He shouldn't be worried about anything, except for school, sports and just being a kid. 
 And now I have to sit him down and talk to him. 
 The talk. 
 I have to prepare my son for something that shouldn't even be his responsibility. 
 I'm sorry. I wish I could say that I know what you're feeling. 
 No, brother, I'm so glad that you don't. 
 If it had been worse, if something would've happened to me, I am so happy that they have you because I know you love them like they're your own. 
 No, Michael. You can't let yourself think like that. 
 Yeah. 
 Somehow, I can't seem to stop. 
 (somber music) 
 * 
 MICHAEL: I need to talk to you about what happened the other night. 
 Do we have to? 
 I know it was scary. 
 But we need to talk about what I could've done differently. 
 You didn't do anything wrong. 
 Well, it's not about being right. 
 Sometimes when you deal with the police, it's about being safe. 
 Aren't they supposed to keep us safe? 
 They are. 
 But not all officers are like your mom. 
 There are some bad ones. 
 And there are some that aren't so bad. 
 But some of them will still treat you like you're different than the other kids. 
 Because I'm black? 
 Yes, because you're black. 
 So you need to know what to do when you come in contact with the police. 
 Be respectful. 
 Do what they say. 
 And don't ever make them feel nervous or panic. 
 But they're the ones with the guns. 
 What if I'm more scared than they are? 
 You probably will be. 
 But they might not understand that. 
 So you can't yell or argue with them, even though you think that you're right. 
 And always keep your hands where they can see them. 
 No sudden moves. Don't reach for anything. Ever. 
 What if they ask me for something? 
 I don't have a driver's license, but-- 
 Right. Well, then you ask them for permission. 
 Okay? 
 And then you move very slowly and you tell them what you're doing as you're doing it. 
 Why are we different? 
 We are not. 
 But you just said-- 
 I said that some people will see you differently. 
 They will look at you and judge you. 
 But those people will never know who you are. 
 You are a smart, kind, beautiful black boy who's gonna grow up to be an amazing black man. 
 Be proud of that. 
 Don't you ever forget. Promise me. 
 I promise. 
 Good. 
 I love you, Harry. 
 I love you too, Dad. 
 * 
 (siren chirps, wails) 
 (radio chatter) 
 I'm a cop, I was ju-- leaving your favorite watering hole after shift? 
 O'Neil's, right? 
 License, registration and proof of insurance. 
 You gotta be kidding me. 
 Turn off the engine. Step out of the car for me. 
 (grunts) 
 How much you have to drink tonight? 
 -A couple of beers. -What's a couple? 
 Two? Twelve? 
 I'm afraid we're gonna have to do a field sobriety test. 
 Legally, I can refuse that. 
 And legally, I can throw you in jail. 
 Objective symptoms. 
 Glassy-eyed, smell like alcohol-- since we being all by the book now. 
 Follow the pen. 
 You don't give a damn about a DUI. 
 Careful, now. 
 I've heard talking back to an officer is liable to get someone slammed up against the hood of a car, even cuffed. 
 Listen, Sergeant, I didn't know that was your family when we made the stop. 
 Oh, they were lucky, then. 
 Somebody else's family, and they could be making funeral arrangements right now. 
 Walk and turn. You know the drill. 
 (radio chatter) 
 * 
 It was all a big misunderstanding. 
 -I'm sorry if your family got-- -Keep your weak apology. 
 Stand on one leg. 
 Humiliating, isn't it? 
 Being treated like a criminal. 
 Singled out for no good reason. 
 Harassed by a police officer with questionable motives. 
 I can report you. 
 -This is retribution. -If it was retribution, I would've done it when your kids were in the car. 
 I really am sorry, Sergeant. 
 You have a nice night, then. 
 * 
 * 
 Okay, listen up. 
 Last couple times we were here, mistakes were made. 
 That is not gonna happen again. 
 That is why I am pairing you up on your assignments. 
 Eddie, Lena, you are on meats and deli. 
 Nothing leaner than 92% 
 Hen, Chimney, baking aisle. 
 Unrefined flour this time. Thank you. 
 I will cover fruits and vegetables. 
 Once you have everything on your list, we will reconvene at the dairy case. 
 Let's move! 
 This must be what the invasion of Normandy felt like. 
 (laughs) 
 What do you mean he just dropped the charges? 
 You make it sound like you're disappointed. 
 Just surprised. Pleasantly. 
 Apparently, that wasn't the guy's first illegal fight. 
 And they weighed that against my service record-- 
 Captain America wins a Get Out of Jail Free card? 
 And anyway, that jackass' knee surgery was three years ago. 
 But not letting it go. 'Cause that's healthy. 
 I just think Bobby needs to let go of being pissed off at Buck. 
 I know that, and so does Bobby. 
 How you figure? 
 What do you think this whole shopping trip is all about? 
 -Buck. -Exactly. 
 It's just a distraction to keep our minds off-- 
 No, no, no. Buck. 
 Whoa, hey, uh, you guys. What's up? 
 -What are you doing here? -Me, I'm just here to-- to do some-- some shopping. 
 Eight miles from your apartment? 
 Yeah, well, this is the only place that has... 
 Happy Cat laxative powder. 
 You're buying cat laxative? 
 Yeah, I've been thinking of, uh, of getting a cat. 
 And you're anticipating your new cat will be irregular. 
 Um-- 
 Listen, I--I came here to apologize. 
 Okay, I--I never meant for things to get so out of hand with the lawsuit and-- 
 Yeah? What'd you think was gonna happen? 
 The lawsuit's bad enough, but you told your lawyer everything about us-- personal things. 
 You're supposed to be truthful with your lawyer. 
 Why are you so pissed at me? 
 Because you're exhausting. 
 We all have our own problems, but you don't see us whining about it. 
 No, somehow, we just manage to suck it up. 
 Why can't you? 
 That's kinda harsh. It's not like the guy asked to be crushed by a ladder truck. 
 No, but he filed a stupid lawsuit, and now I can't even talk to you because of it. 
 You know how much Christopher misses you? 
 How could you? You're not around. 
 -(people arguing outside) -I--I didn't realize that. 
 Maybe I can come and visit Christopher. 
 You know the lawsuit doesn't prevent that. 
 -(arguing continues outside) -No, it prevents me from reaching out to you. 
 I couldn't even call you to bail me out of jail. 
 MAN: You took my spot, man! 
 If that was something that happened. 
 What--what? What are you talking about? 
 Look, man, why can't you see my side of this? 
 -'Cause that's all you see. -(shouting, crashing) 
 (crashing) 
 -WOMAN: What's happening? -Someone should stop her. 
 These two or those two? 
 -Let's go! -(horn blaring) 
 (crashing) 
 (tires squealing, horn honking) 
 MAN: Hey! Get back here! 
 (siren wails) 
 (thrilling music) 
 * 
 (shouting) 
 (horn honking) 
 Eddie, Lena, get the tools. 
 Hen, Chimney, check on the drivers. 
 (horn honking) 
 (shouting, honking) 
 MAN: I'm gonna die, man! 
 Hey. 
 Karen? What's wrong? 
 The doctor called... and none of the embryos are good. 
 Wh--What? We had six. None? 
 (clears throat) It's just that they had, uh, chromosomal abnormalities or defects. 
 They have to be discarded. 
 She did say we can try again. 
 Maybe do better next time. 
 Okay, so-- so we'll try again. 
 But what if it fails again? 
 I should've frozen my eggs when I was younger, but I just kept thinking there was time. 
 No, don't--don't do this. 
 Don't put this on yourself, Karen. 
 But it is on me. 
 -I'm so sorry. -No, no. 
 No, this is not your fault. 
 You did everything exactly right. 
 Every test, every treatment. 
 Every doctor's order, you followed it to the letter. 
 Yeah, and my body has been fighting me every step of the way. 
 Fighting me. 
 The IVF, the IUI, the complications and the side effects, and-- 
 It's--it's trying to tell me something. 
 Give up. 
 -Maybe I should listen. -No. 
 (sobs) 
 -I'm sorry. -No. No. 
 -KAREN: I'm so sorry. -HEN: Don't be. 
 Don't be. 
 Sergeant Grant? 
 I--I'm Officer Andrew Martin. 
 I was on the scene the other night for your family's traffic stop. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 I'm familiar with your work. 
 I just want you to know how sorry I am. 
 I--I didn't see your son in the backseat. 
 And then it was instinct. 
 A bad one. 
 When we say "protect and serve," we mean the community, not ourselves. 
 I remember being a rookie. 
 The nerves, not knowing what you're walking up on, not sure what to do when you get there. 
 It's natural to follow your partner's lead. 
 Just don't follow it off a cliff. 
 * 
 Do better. 
 * 
 (rock music playing) 
 So this is your idea of a team-building activity? 
 BOBBY: Well, trust falls are part of the job. 
 I can't fix the world. I can't offer some sage advice that's gonna make everything better. 
 All I can offer is this. 
 -I cannot believe you came. -Rough day. 
 I really need to break something right now. 
 What's that? 
 Cap sprung for the deluxe package. 
 Full minibar! 
 They serve alcohol in this place? 
 Oh, yeah. I'm surprised we don't get more calls from here. 
 Well, it looks like you have some more team building to do. 
 (glass shatters) 
 Yeah. 
 Hey, uh, hey, Bobby. 
 Thank you for...inviting me. 
 Look, I--I just wanted to apologize. 
 You're gonna get a call tomorrow from the Chief. 
 You're being reinstated to active duty. 
 The brass didn't want the headache. 
 They're afraid of the bad press. 
 Well--(laughs) That--that's awesome. 
 Yeah, maybe not. 
 They gave me the option to transfer you. 
 They understood how I might not want you back after everything you put us through. 
 But I said no. 
 You're coming back to the 118 where I can keep an eye on you. 
 Thanks, Captain. 
 -You won't regret it. -You might. 
 My house, my rules. Remember that? 
 * 
 EDDIE: Rage is defined as an intense or violent type of anger. 
 (screams) 
 SINGER: * Ohh EDDIE: Road rage, office rage, even airplane rage. 
 SINGER: * This time I won't let go EDDIE: Seems like the whole world is on the edge of snapping lately. 
 But it's not the only way we use that word. 
 A raging fire. 
 A raging storm. 
 A rager of a party. 
 All things that are out of control. 
 And maybe that's where our rage comes from. 
 A feeling that our world, our lives are out of control. 
 -REYNOLDS: I said don't move! -MICHAEL: Okay, okay! 
 EDDIE: When we feel helpless... powerless... weak... 
 (panting) Hey, where's Eddie? 
 LENA: He said he had other plans. 
 (cheering) 
 (grunting) 
 -(grunts) -(cheering) 
 SINGER: * Ohh 
 (grunts) 
 SINGER: * This time I won't let go EDDIE: The rage starts to build, and it needs an outlet. 
 So what happens when we let it take over? 
 Do we regain control by unleashing our fury? 
 Or have we crossed a line we can't come back from? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 