Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x16 - The One That Got Away - 9-1-1 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x16 - The One That Got Away https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=1013&t=42437 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/14/21 09:00 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x16 - The One That Got Away 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Ride along with the original heroes of 9-1-1. 
 See all new episodes Mondays. 
 You've got one shot. 
 And check out our other Fox programs. 
 Deputy, Prodigal Son, and 9-1-1 Lone Star. 
 Good Lord Almighty. 
 ANNOUNCER: Only on Fox. 
 [dramatic music] 
 Get that. 
 FIREFIGHTER: Help on the way. 
 FIREFIGHTER: Hey, put another hose on it. 
 ♪ BUCK: Anybody here? LAFD. 
 -EDDIE: Floor looks empty, Cap.-BOBBY: Let's make sure. 
 EDDIE: LAFD! 
 LAFD. Anybody there? 
 EDDIE: LAFD! 
 BUCK: Guys, guys, over here! Over here. 
 EDDIE: LAFD! Is anyone in here? 
 BUCK: No one in! Cap! 
 Guys, over here! Sir, are you hurt? 
 [breathing harshly] Don't know.Can't get up. 
 I need O-2! 
 BOBBY: O-2 coming in. 
 Get me the mattress carrier. 
 EDDIE: Hey, can you wiggle your toes for me, sir? 
 -All right, there we go. -All right, mattress secure. 
 BUCK: All right, let's pull him up. 
 Wait. Gladys. 
 [suspenseful music] 
 Need to get Gladys. 
 -EDDIE: He's out. -BUCK: Gladys? Who's Gladys? 
 Might be a cat or a dog. 
 All right, Buck, we got this. Go look around out there 
 -and see if you can find a pet.-BUCK: I'm on it. 
 BOBBY: One, two, three. 
 Gladys, where are you? 
 COMMANDER: Mayday, mayday. Building is unstable. 
 We're calling it for immediate evacuation. 
 BOBBY: Okay, we're pulling out.Get him downstairs. 
 Buck, let's go, let's go. 
 Gladys? 
 Gladys? 
 Gladys? 
 Gladys! 
 [phone ringing] 
 9-1-1. What's your emergency? 
 [computer beeping] 
 [dramatic music] 
 [mouse click] 
 ♪ 
 [flames crackling] 
 [sirens wailing] 
 CHIMNEY: Possible airway burns. 
 Let's get herto Sunset General. 
 BOBBY: We found him on the bathroom floor. 
 He must've slipped and hit his head. 
 [firefighters yelling indistinctly in distance] 
 He passed out as soon as we got him up. 
 Sir, can you hear me? 
 Did you get her? Please, tell me. 
 I got her. I got Gladys. 
 She is okay. [laughs] 
 Oh. That's not Gladys. That's Hoover. 
 Oh, thank God, Hoover. But where's Gladys? 
 MADDIE: Atwater Street incident, this is Metro Fire Command. 
 -Please respond. -Go for Captain Nash. 
 I have a deaf woman trapped in apartment 10G. 
 [dramatic music] 
 [glass shatters] 
 ♪ Gladys. 
 -[phone buttons beep] -[siren whirs] 
 BOBBY: That's as far as the ladders will reach. 
 The end of her hallway is engulfed. 
 Frazier just told me there's no access to the stairwell, either. 
 Hey, the building next dooris not on fire. 
 Get to her from the roof? 
 Rappelling kit'sgot 150 feet of rope. 
 That'll get medown to the street with her. 
 You want to do a rope rescue? Of course, you do. 
 Well, he's not doing it alone. 
 He's gonna need you on the pulley. 
 Go, go, go! 
 Okay, we gotta be ready here on the ground. 
 Chim, have a cyanokit on standby. 
 Dispatch, be advised. 
 We cannot reach with the ladder. 
 Please inform the resident that we will be descending from the roof through her window. 
 [dramatic music] 
 [moans softly] 
 [inaudible] 
 She's all alone up there. 
 Anton,I need you to keep still. 
 Ow! 
 You're experiencing tenderness? 
 Been nauseous for days. 
 So I got antacid stashed all over the place. 
 You've had these symptomsfor a while. 
 -Urinating a lot? -Yeah. 
 You may have an excessof calcium in your blood. 
 Probably from an undiagnosedthyroid condition. 
 Just tell methey're going to get to Gladys. 
 Anton, don't worry. 
 We've got our best boys on it. 
 [alarm wailing] 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ 
 [grunts] 
 [grunts] 
 ♪ 
 [inaudible yelling] 
 Get back, okay? 
 [coughing] 
 [dramatic music building] 
 ♪ 
 [inaudible] 
 [inaudible] 
 [inaudible] 
 Eddie, I got her. Coming back out. 
 EDDIE: Copy that. 
 Fire's getting a little close up here. 
 We need to double-time it. 
 EDDIE: Cap, the roof is gone! 
 Then Buck's gonna have to lower himself the rest of the way. You secure that rope, and you get out of there. 
 Mitchell, Sanchez, get the airbag. 
 Line's all yours, Buck. 
 All right, I got it. I'll see you down there. 
 Come on, Buck. Come on, buddy. 
 Go, let's go! We gotta move! 
 [air hissing] 
 ♪ 
 FIREFIGHTER: Oh, my God. 
 FIREFIGHTER: Are you okay? 
 [soft dramatic music] 
 -Watch her head. -All right. 
 [cheers and applause] 
 [inaudible] 
 ♪ 
 [heartwarming music] 
 ♪ 
 -[exhales] -[siren wailing] 
 We got a 60-year-old male with smoke inhalation, mild head lacerations, syncopal episode at scene. 
 BP's 150/100, but I did notice an irregular heart rhythm. 
 Okay, we're buried here. Thanks. 
 Okay, hang on, hang on. 
 This man could havea serious thyroid problem. 
 Tell cardiologyto order a 12-lead EKG looking for arrhythmiaassociated with hypercalcemia. 
 Got it. 
 Whoo! And that was something, huh? 
 A fire that big, and no fatalities. 
 We have to celebrate. 
 We should hit up that bar on Pico, you know, the one with the loaded fries. First round's on me. 
 Wish I could, man. 
 Christopher's hosting his first sleepover tonight. 
 Hey, you're more than welcome to come and celebrate with a bunch of nine-year-olds. 
 Hah, the rest of uswill toast your absence. 
 You're gonna have to toast mine, too. 
 Tonight's date night with Karen. 
 She can come. 
 I don't think that's her ideaof a date, but have fun. 
 Yeah, and I'm sorry, Buck, but, uh, Athena and I have a date night tonight, too,so you guys have a good time. 
 -Good job. -Yeah, sure. 
 See you, Cap. 
 No offense,but you are not the Buckley I was looking forwardto spending my night with. 
 I get it, Chim. 
 Go wine and dine my sister. I'll be fine. 
 Okay, Buckley, guess we'll celebrate alone. 
 [indistinct chatter] 
 -I'll take a beer, please. -BARTENDER: You got it. 
 NEWSCASTER: Heroic firefighter rescue from blazing inferno. 
 Tonight at 11:00. 
 [news theme plays] 
 Idiot. 
 Excuse me? 
 Running straightinto a hellfire like that, pulling rope stunts. 
 Only a moron would dosomething that reckless. 
 Those "morons" are saving lives. 
 Damn straight. 
 LAFD. 
 Best and bravest on God's green earth, right? 
 [laughs] 
 [chuckles] 
 You used to be a firefighter. 
 Still a firefighter. 
 Just 'cause you retire doesn't mean you forget who you are. 
 Red Delacroix. 
 Evan Buckley. 
 Buck. Here, what are you drinking? 
 No, no, after whatyou pulled out there, this round's on me, but I still think you're an idiot. 
 -Buck. -[laughs] 
 RED: So I'm telling you, so we're just bringing down the last of this litter, and that mother bobcat, she's got a laser-beam focus on Mac and me. 
 And she saying, "Forget about the damn the brushfire, you better not harm one hair on any of my babies." 
 [both laughing] 
 Oh, Mac, he bought it in 2002. 
 Power lines. Chatsworth. 
 Oh, man, I'm sorry. 
 -Yeah. -You must see-- still talk to your old crewfrom time to time, right? 
 I mean, you guys are all stillin touch? 
 At first. 
 You know, there were barbecues and parties and... swapping war stories. 
 [both laugh] 
 And after that, there were Christmas cards and emails about the grandkids. 
 Nowadays, the only thing that gets us all together in the same room is when another one of us is dead. 
 We're all gonna go eventually, kid. 
 You just don't want to be the last one left. 
 So no grandkids for you? 
 You'd have to have kids. 
 [melancholy music] 
 I always thought I'd...I'd get around to it, but just never happened, you know? 
 I was too consumed with the firehouse and being the best and saving lives. 
 It's hard for a woman to compete with that. 
 SINGER: ♪ Yesterdays Oh. You hear that? 
 -What, Billie Holiday? -Mm. 
 The sweet sound of no kids. 
 Oh. 
 SINGER: ♪ Sequestered days Mm. 
 -Mm. -[knocking at door] 
 You gotta be kidding. 
 Oh, let's pretend we're not home. 
 [laughs] Can't do that. Come on. 
 -All right. -[knocking at door] 
 Oh, don't open the door all the way. 
 You know whoever it is is gonna want to come inside. 
 [knocking at door] 
 Hen? 
 Hi, sorry to come by unannounced. 
 I tried to call you, but both of your phones were off. 
 It was going straight to voicemail. 
 Oh, you two reallyhave a vibe going on here. 
 Why do you thinkwe weren't answering the phone? 
 Didn't you and Karenhave dinner plans tonight? 
 We're on our way to the restaurant. 
 Did you leave her in the car? 
 She refused to get out the car. 
 I'm violating the sanctity of date night or something. 
 Bobby, they said on the radio that someone from that apartment building fire died. 
 Anton. 
 The guy with the cat?He seemed fine at the scene. 
 He should've been fine. 
 I gave that nurse the full rundown. 
 I even suggested an EKG. 
 I don't know what we could've missed. 
 Okay, just let me make a call. 
 Wow, you two reallygo all out for date night. 
 [chuckles]I'm impressed. 
 Me and Karen,we're just going for Mexican. 
 I need to step up my game. 
 Your wife is spending date night alone in her car. 
 You might want to take a few steps. 
 [laughs] 
 What time do florists close? 
 No, you might want to think bigger. 
 Google "jewelry." 
 Mm. 
 Official cause of death, cardiac arrest. 
 [stammers] 
 I told them he might have hypercalcemia. 
 That's probably what contributed to his heart failure. 
 Maybe they didn't have timeto check for it. 
 They were inundatedwith patients from the fire. 
 -Cap. -I'm sorry. 
 [soft dramatic music] 
 We assess the situation, we treat the patients, and we pass the information on to nurses and doctors. 
 What's the point in doing all that if they're just gonna ignore it? 
 Hen, you did your job. 
 Too bad nobody else did theirs. 
 ♪ You know,I really didn't need an escort. 
 Red, just didn't want youto end up in a ditch. 
 -Whoop! -[both laughing] 
 [hiccupping] 
 There we are. 
 All right, all right.There you go. 
 Enough good deeds. [laughs] 
 You can get home. 
 I'm all right. I'm all right. 
 Oh, hey. 
 This is them, right? This is your house. 
 Yeah, that's my family. Fightin' 134. 
 That's our cap, Al Prescott. 
 And then Phillie, I told you about him. 
 And then there's Arno, Mac, and that's me. 
 We were about your age around then, huh? 
 BUCK: John Delacroix. 
 Well, you didn't think Red was actually my birth name, do you? 
 The guys used to call me Code Red because I was a bit of a hothead when I was young, huh? 
 You know about that, don't you, Buck? 
 -The hotheads? -[both laughing] 
 BUCK: Hey. 
 Who's this? 
 Cindy. The one that got away. 
 We were gonna be married. 
 What happened with you two? 
 Our jobs keep us pretty busy. 
 It's hard for someone not to feel like they're always coming in a distant second. 
 You broke up over the job? 
 World Series, 1988. 
 She had got tickets to see the Dodgers play Oakland, home game. 
 And I had already scheduled a shift, and I figured nobody was gonna beat the A's anyway. 
 So I told her I'd make it up to her later. 
 And there never was a later. 
 Gibson hit that homerun in game one, and by the time the fifth game came along, she was gone. 
 [melancholy music] 
 You got anybody, kid? 
 Me? Uh...no. 
 I did once, but-- 
 Now listen to me. 
 You can be the hero, save lives, but don't neglect having your own. 
 Last thing you want is to be at the end holding nothing but regrets. 
 Trust me. 
 I know. 
 ♪ 
 Look, I'm just saying Red is a 40-year veteran of the department. Two citations for bravery. 
 Now he lives alone in a one-bedroom apartment he pays for with his pension. 
 Well, from the way you described him, it sounds like he's okay with that. 
 BUCK: Well, I'm not okay with it. 
 BOBBY: Nice one, Eddie. 
 So it's all about you. 
 No, come on. That's not what I'm saying. 
 It does seem like his situationis bothering you more than it bothers him. 
 Yeah. I mean, it does bother me. 
 Look, Red has no friends, no family. 
 All the guys from the 134, they don't talk anymore. 
 It's like they just left him behind. 
 I'm sure they didn't mean to, Buck. 
 Life gets busy. 
 It's easy for people to lose touch, especially when you don't work in the same firehouse anymore. 
 Well, that doesn't make sense to me. 
 BOBBY: Nice shot, Hen. 
 I mean, that would never happen to us. 
 Of course not. We're family. 
 Yeah, it's never gonna change. 
 Yeah, like if Bobby retired. 
 You know something I don't? 
 Some day. 
 You know, or one of us got moved to another house, we would still all stay in touch. 
 Exactly. Like you two. 
 You still keep in touch with the guys that used to be here, right? 
 Um, I don't know if we'd call some of them friends. 
 I spoke with Tommy last year. 
 I was calling to ask for a favor, but... 
 Anyways, that won't happen to us. 
 Better not. 
 Dad, Dad, this is dumb. 
 Now, why couldn't you justdrive to the store like normal? 
 It's a beautiful, and I wantedto spend quality time with son. 
 -Sue me. -[both laughing] 
 And if I drove, then we couldn't ridethese babies home. 
 Yo! Seriously? 
 Wait, Mom says I'm not allowed. 
 Mom's not here,is she? 
 And she's not the boss of me. 
 -Okay, she is the boss of me. -Uh-huh. 
 But she's not here, is she? 
 -Come on, hop on. -All right. 
 -Let's go. -All right. 
 [upbeat music] 
 Okay. Oh, yeah! 
 -All right, here we go. -Do not tell her. 
 [excited chatter] 
 Awesome! 
 -I knew you'd like it. -Yep. 
 [both shouting] 
 Oh, nice move. 
 [both laughing] 
 [both shouting] 
 I think we should stick to the sidewalk. 
 -Yeah. Whoa, watch out! -MARK: Whoa! 
 [both shouting] 
 Get out of the way! Get out of the way! 
 Jeez! 
 -I think I got the hang of it. -Yeah. 
 -[both laughing] -Yeah. 
 -[loud buzzing] -Hey, what's that noise? 
 [both shouting] 
 [Mark cries] 
 Sir, can you move in there? 
 MARK: I think I broke my arm. 
 HEN: You're lucky that's all you broke. 
 These things are death traps, especially without helmets. 
 Which I will definitelybe writing him a ticket for. 
 This thing didn't help. 
 You're lucky they didn't crashinto oncoming traffic. 
 MARK: Where's Bryce? 
 Your son is fine. Just some cuts and bruises. 
 -I feel terrible. -MARGOT: Well, you should. 
 You almost killed them. 
 EDDIE: Somebody order a chainsaw? 
 MARK: Wait, did he just say "chainsaw"? 
 I am so sorry. I don't even know how this happened. 
 It just--it got away from me-- 
 MARK: Whoa! Careful with that thing. 
 I think it was the wind. 
 What were you doing flying a drone over my house in the first place? 
 It's illegal to fly a droneover private property. 
 That's trespassing. 
 Wha--no, this is just a big misunderstanding. 
 I'm a realtor. I was getting aerial footage of the neighborhood for a new listing. 
 Helps sell the full experience. 
 -Mm. -I know almost every neighbor on the street, and I haven't heard about any of them selling. 
 Hasn't gone up on the MLS yet. 
 Well, if you were flyingfor your realty company, then thisis a commercial drone, which should be registeredwith the FAA. 
 Can I see your remote pilot's license? 
 I don't have one. 
 Company's too cheap to pay for it. 
 Mm.Jones. 
 Then I'm guessing they're too cheap to bail you out of jail. 
 Wait, you're arresting me? For what? 
 Operating a drone without a license, trespassing, and destruction of private property. 
 Is this really necessary? 
 Can't I just pay a fine or something? 
 Think of itas getting the full experience. 
 Watch your head. 
 Arresting me just feels like way more trouble than it's worth. 
 Arresting you is my job. 
 You want to complainto someone, save your sob storyfor the Feds. 
 This is their jurisdiction. Rhee, take good care of him. 
 Come on. Come on. Walk this way. 
 JEFFERY: I wanna talk to my lawyer! 
 Hey, Gigi, Feds are gonna want to see this. 
 Oh, this is a nice one. 
 Top of the line. 
 -Expensive? -For sure. 
 Probably cost that foola pretty penny. 
 Says he uses it for work. 
 Yeah, well,whoever paid for it, -it's junk now. -JEFFERY: I want a lawyer! 
 You want meto log it into evidence? 
 You think the video card's still good on that thing? 
 I mean,the machine took a beating, but yeah,card should be fine. 
 -Why? -I don't know. 
 Just got a weird feeling I can't shake. 
 You know what? Get a warrant. 
 Let's see what he's really been doing with that drone. 
 Thanks. 
 [TV plays indistinctly] 
 [knocking at door] 
 I found her. I found Cindy. 
 I didn't know she was lost. 
 Last I heard,she was living in La Crescenta with thatdentist husband of hers. 
 Wait, you knew where she was this whole time? 
 Well, it wasn't likeI was stalking her, but yeah. 
 From time to time,I'd learn some stuff. 
 Did you hear the part when Itold you that she was married? 
 Ah, not anymore. 
 He died. Isn't that great? 
 I mean, not great. 
 Uh, that's obviouslyan overstatement. 
 I'm sure he was a nice man. 
 When did he die? 
 A few years back. 
 So she's been alone all this time. 
 She doesn't have to be. 
 She's single. 
 You're... seriously single. 
 Nah, I couldn't. I mean, that wouldn't be-- 
 Last thing you want is to be at the end holdingnothing but regrets. 
 Don't add another regretto your collection. 
 Well, her husband just passed, and... 
 I guess the polite thing to do would be to go and see her and pay my respects, huh? 
 You should change. 
 [Toto's "Hold the Line"] 
 You should get the car ready. 
 All right. 
 ♪ SINGER: ♪ Love isn't always on time ♪ 
 [vocalizing] 
 Here. You are gonna want these. 
 What's this? 
 Two tickets to the Dodgers-Mets series. 
 Now they are up in the nosebleeds, but somehow I don't think you guys are gonna care. 
 SINGER: ♪ It's not in the way that you came back to me ♪ 
 ♪ It's not in the way you look ♪ 
 ♪ Or the things that you say that you'll do ♪ 
 ♪ Hold the line 
 ♪ Love isn't always on time 
 [vocalizing] 
 ♪ 
 [knocking on door] 
 [wind chime ringing] 
 Hello. Can I help you? 
 Yes, ma'am. We're here to see Cindy. 
 Who is it, Doris? 
 -Well-- -Hey, Cindy. 
 Oh, my.Oh! Hello! 
 Oh, what a nice surprise! [laughs] 
 You're friends of Mrs. Cindy's? 
 He is.I'm just a driver. 
 Please, please, come in, come in. 
 [soft music] 
 [laughs] Thank you. 
 I'm telling you, we always had a lot of fun, but I never saw her run so fast. 
 -[laughs] -From an earthquake? 
 No--well,I said, "Quake!" 
 And she thought I said,"Snake!" 
 -[laughter] -And she ran inside. 
 She slammed the patio door closed, and she locked me outside. 
 -[laughs] -They make terrible pets. 
 -Yeah.-Yeah, no, no, I've heard that. 
 And with the birds, I mean, you know I can't,of course-- 
 I've never been much of a pet person myself. 
 I can barely keep myself alive. 
 But I guess with children, you had all sorts of animals running around. 
 You have to fold themvery carefully before you put them in the box. 
 [soft dramatic music] 
 ♪ Uh, hey, Red, maybe we should-- 
 I knew Red once. 
 ♪ Yup. 
 A long time ago. 
 You're not Stanley. 
 Why-why are you in my house? 
 Who let you into my house? 
 -[softly] No. -Doris! 
 I think it's getting late. 
 Uh, yeah, hey, I think you're right. 
 We should go. Red, we-- 
 Shut up! [softly] I know. 
 Listen, Cindy, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for... really didn't mean to bother you. 
 I'm just really sorry. 
 I can't go. 
 -No, of course. -Those men... 
 ♪ Yeah, please excuse us. 
 -It's okay. -Hey, hey, Red. 
 I'm sorry, okay? I didn't know-- 
 -Stop! -I had no idea. 
 I was trying to help. 
 Do you even understandwhat you just did? 
 She was all I had left. 
 Everything else,everyone else is gone. 
 At least I hadthese great memories of her. 
 The girlthat started bar fights and the girlwho was afraid of snakes. 
 The girl who knew who I was. 
 Now I don't even have that. 
 Hm? 
 -Red. -Come on, listen to me. 
 Just stay away from me. 
 I'm not sure I can surviveyour help anymore. 
 ♪ Got your message. You found something? 
 Yeah, I looked at the most recent file. 
 It's mainly aerial footage of the neighborhood. 
 Yeah, that's what he saidhe was doing. 
 But then it gets weird. 
 
 
 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ That's why he was flying a drone over her house. 
 He's a Peeping Tom. 
 Rhee. 
 The guy I brought in earlier, Jeffery Hudson, bring him up and put him in interrogation two. 
 -Drone guy? -Yeah. 
 We bounced him out. 
 What? On whose authorization? 
 Feds. Said it wasn't worth the drive across town. 
 Told us to cut him loose with a warning. 
 ♪ 
 Thought I was helping himbut just made everything worse. 
 But you didn't mean to,and I'm sure he'll realize that once he calms down. 
 She didn't even knowwho he was. 
 For a second, it was likeshe was afraid of him. 
 You don't get over thatso easy. 
 Abby's mom would havemoments like that. 
 You know, Abby would alwaysjust take it in her stride, but I know it hurt to have someoneyou love so much look at her, not see her. 
 You still think about her a lot? 
 Abby's mom? 
 [both laughing] 
 Yes, fine, sometimes I still think about Abby. 
 But that isn'twhat this is about. 
 Okay, so you don't think this business with Red is hitting a little close to home? 
 A lonely hero firefighterwho's pining for his lost love? 
 I mean,that's ridiculous. 
 [bittersweet music] 
 You think I'm lonely? 
 I think that you tried dating a few times after Abby left. 
 Which did not work out. 
 So you just stop trying? 
 Look, I know how hard this is. 
 Do you? 
 I mean, look,no offense, but you're never the onegetting left behind. 
 You're the one who leaves. 
 And not with Doug. 
 Okay, Doug definitelyyou should've left. 
 All the guysyou dated before him, the girl you werebest friends with in high school,Mom and Dad, me. 
 ♪ 
 -Buck, I-- -Look, Maddie, I'm not mad. 
 I'm just sayingmaybe you don't understand. 
 You're always the onewho leaves. 
 You don't knowwhat it's like to watch someone you love walk away. 
 [bell rings] 
 [dramatic music] 
 Welcome back to The Last Cook where the losing chefs from all my other shows get one more chance at redemption by me. 
 Now, we're heading into the dessert round, and everything is on the line. 
 Chef Maurice, what are you preparing for me here? 
 Triple bourbon bread pudding,Chef. 
 Just adding some more bourbonto the sauce now. 
 And you've also got bourbon in the pudding itself and the whipped cream. 
 Sure that won't be overpowering? 
 I want to make sure the vanilla oak and caramel notes of the bourbon really come through. 
 So you're not worried about repeating old mistakes? 
 Don't worry, Chef. 
 Not letting the title get away from me this time. 
 It's gonna be great. 
 Well, you certainly sound confident. 
 And I'm looking forward to seeing if the dish lives up to that. 
 Chef Sharlene, you are going full on pastry here. 
 This is my orange-infusedchocolate truffle cake. 
 LANA: Sounds decadent. 
 And you're doing the whipped cream by hand. 
 You're not worried about time? 
 I'm gonna whipas fast as I can. 
 Wow.Nitrous whipped cream. 
 A winning chef would want the soft peaks and valleys you get from a hand whip, not the industrial fluff you get from pressurized gas, but, hey, it's gonna be great, right? 
 [tense music] 
 -[loud clattering] -[screams] 
 CREWMEMBER: Medic! 
 [screams] 
 The cannister, it just--it exploded. 
 I don't know how it happened. 
 Our on-set medics have been keeping pressure on the wound. 
 -He's right here. -HEN: We'll take it from here. 
 [dramatic music] 
 Maurice, can you hear me? 
 He's breathing very shallow. 
 His pulse is droppingin real time. 
 Superficial wounds to the head and face. 
 I got blunt force trauma to the chest, possibly a few broken ribs. 
 ♪ See what we got here. 
 Cap. 
 -How deep is that shrapnel? -CHIMNEY: Can't say. 
 Difference between life or death this close to the heart is millimeters, not inches. 
 Mercy Hospital, this is Captain Nash, 118. 
 We have a patientwith a penetrating chest wound. 
 Have surgeons standing by. 
 [siren wailing] 
 His BP's bottoming out. 
 I'll bolusanother liter of saline. 
 That's not gonna cut it. 
 We're still seven minutes out by my watch. 
 He's got half of that. 
 His torso's filling up with blood. 
 That shrapnel probably clipped his aorta. 
 Hen, you have no way of knowing that. 
 I could do a thoracotomy. 
 You want to cut him openin a moving ambulance? 
 I could just widen the opening that's already there. 
 That's a job for a surgeon,Hen. 
 I'll manually pinch the aorta just above the injury. 
 It's a job for a surgeon! 
 And even if you're luckyenough to find it, what then? 
 You're gonna cut offcirculation in his lower limbs? 
 I'll preserve blood flow to the heart, lung, and brain. 
 -Hen, no.-He's circling the drain, Chim. 
 -You want to send him down it? -[machine beeping rapidly] 
 He's in VTAC. He's about to code. 
 I'll give some pressors to stabilize BP. 
 You do what you want, I'm doing this. 
 -Hen! -[siren wailing] 
 Just because you lostthat guy at the fire does not meanyou have to do this. 
 -Hen, no. -HEN: I did not lose Anton. 
 The hospital did. 
 Damn it. 
 [suspenseful music] 
 ♪ Come on. 
 [squelching] 
 Right there. 
 -Almost. -[rapid beeping] 
 [siren wailing] 
 Almost. 
 ♪ I think I got it. 
 -[beeping steadily] -[exhales] 
 BP's holding. Okay. 
 Don't let go. 
 MEDIC: Steady. Lower him down gently. 
 Be careful, be careful. 
 -What the hell happened? -He started crashing. 
 Too much blood loss. 
 Did a thoracotomy to stabilize him. 
 Are you kidding me?That's a surgeon's job. 
 CHIMNEY: Well, it's a job she's done and done well, so you might as well tell us where we're headed. 
 Hold on. 
 Type and cross for six units.Page Dr. Royce. 
 -We got this, medic. -No, I got it. 
 I let for half a second andhe codes before we make the ER. 
 I'm on this train till the end. Now which way? 
 Go. 
 [dramatic music] 
 ♪ 
 -ROYCE: What do we got? -Thoracotomy in the field. 
 Wow. Someone needed a challenge? 
 Afraid I didn't have a choice. 
 Shrapnel appears to have punctured or nicked the aorta, which I'm currently pinching off by hand. 
 All right, we're gonna clamp the aorta directly above your finger. 
 Whatever you do, don't move. 
 [squelching] 
 You can let go now, Doctor. 
 ♪ Doctor? 
 Oh, sorry. 
 She's not a doctor. 
 She's the paramedic who brought him in. 
 Apparently felt the need to break every rule in the book. 
 ♪ Well, you know what they say about rules. 
 You were right about the shrapnel. 
 Nice work, Firefighter... 
 Wilson, ma'am. 
 Henrietta Wilson. 
 [panting] 
 Red, hey.Hey, I came as soon as I could. 
 -What happened? -[groans] 
 I'm sorry.I didn't know who else to call. 
 No, no, I'm glad you called. 
 You said you neededsome help getting home. 
 I should be so lucky. These-- 
 I've been arguing with these doctors for the last hour. 
 They won't release me, so I think you wasted a trip down here. 
 Well, they probably knowwhat's best. 
 They'll release youwhen you're better. 
 Oh, kid, there is no better. 
 This escalator's only going in one direction. 
 It's mesothelioma. 
 I got diagnosed last year. 
 Actually, they tell me I lasted longer than they thought I would. 
 Well, you know me. Stubborn. 
 Don't ever want to quit. Until now. 
 No, there must besome kind of treatment. 
 You know,something they can do. 
 Stop trying to save me. 
 You're 40 years too late. Hm? 
 I'm sorry. 
 Okay, uh, what can I do? 
 Maybe you could sit with me for a while, huh? 
 Unless you got something else to do. 
 [somber music] 
 No. 
 I'm good here. 
 Hey, you, uh, never told me about Arno. 
 [laughs] 
 How did he break his nose? 
 Well... that's a good one. 
 So the call comes in, and it's in an abandoned warehouse downtown on Fifth. 
 Smoke coming out of every window. 
 So Arno, pretty clumsy... 
 [soft dramatic music] 
 ♪ 
 [cheers and applause] 
 And they call me a show-off. 
 Next thing you know, she'll be doing field transplants. 
 That's why she needs the coat. 
 I know, you were right.It could've gone the other way. 
 But it didn't, so we putthat in the win column. 
 We take 'emwhenever we can get 'em. 
 Let's commemorate the first surgery. 
 -Yes, come on. Dr. Wilson. -Come on! Come on! 
 Try it on. 
 Hen. 
 Ahh. 
 -ALL: Ooh. -Ooh, it's nice. 
 Yes. 
 Dr. Wilson. [laughs] 
 I do like the sound of that. 
 [laughter] 
 [cell phone ringing] 
 -EDDIE: I'll send you these. -CHIMNEY: Good job, Hen. 
 Uh--hello? 
 Looks good on you. 
 Thanks, Cap. 
 And I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking. 
 It was just-- it was just instinct. 
 And yeah, maybe I was still madabout Anton dying. 
 Felt like I had to make sure that this one stayed a win. 
 Feels like this is aboutmore than Anton. 
 That girl,the cello player. 
 You're stillthinking about her. 
 ♪ Every day. 
 So how much trouble am I in? 
 Patient didn't die.No one's lodged a complaint. 
 It's a great save.Don't do it again. 
 [sirens wailing distantly] 
 Thanks. I'll take him from here. 
 How'd you get them to spring me? 
 BUCK: You know, I, uh, made a few calls. 
 Actually, it was a lot of calls. 
 Turns out I am also stubborn. 
 RED: Don't I know it. 
 So you're taking me home, right? 
 No unscheduled stops at the Mayo Clinic for any groundbreaking experimental treatment. 
 Oh, I'm taking you home. 
 Just not in my car. 
 [Warren Zevon's "Keep Me in Your Heart"] 
 [light folk music] 
 BOBBY: Attention. 
 SINGER: ♪ Shadows are falling 
 ♪ And I'm running out of breath ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ When you get up in the morning ♪ 
 ♪ And you see that crazy sun ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ There's a train leaving nightly called ♪ 
 ♪ "When All Is Said and Done" ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ 
 ♪ Hold me in your thoughts You did this for me. 
 Well, you sacrificed everything for the job. 
 Least we could do is say thank you. 
 SINGER: ♪ And when the winter comes ♪ 
 ♪ Keep the fires lit 
 [sirens wail] 
 ♪ And I will be right next to you ♪ 
 ♪ 
 [Bobby shouts] 
 Firefighter Delacroix, you take the captain's seat. 
 [siren squawks] 
 SINGER: ♪ These wheels keep turning ♪ 
 ♪ But they're running out of steam ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ 
 [vocalizing] 
 ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
 ♪ 
 [vocalizing] 
 ♪ 
 ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ BUCK: He passed away at 5:23 this morning. 
 The department's gonna pay for the funeral. 
 ♪ At least he wasn't alonein the end. 
 You were a good friend to him. 
 Or did I just do that thing that I always do and make it about me? 
 Try and fix him to make myself feel better. 
 Maybe, but you were therewhen no one else was. 
 You know, all he ever wanted to do was talk about the job. 
 [soft dramatic music] 
 Really was his whole life. 
 Evan. 
 You are not Red. 
 His life is not your future. 
 -You don't know that. -Yes, I do. 
 Because he didn'thave a sister. 
 He didn't have me. 
 ♪ I know that I left you twice. 
 Once with Mom and Dad, and once when thingsgot rough with Doug, but I came back. 
 Because you're my brother. 
 And I love you. 
 ♪ I love you too. [laughs] 
 You're nevergonna be left behind. 
 Okay?No matter what. 
 ♪ You promise? 
 [laughs] 
 [both laughing] 
 -I promise. -[sniffles] 
 OFFICER: This is unit one. 
 The suspect in question is now... 
 -Hey, Lou. -Hey. 
 Thanks for coming. 
 I'm surprised you were interested to come onto a voyeurism case. 
 Serial voyeur,and guys like that, usually the tipof a very dark iceberg. 
 Follow me around back. 
 ♪ All right, the house is clear, some clothes were missing, and the car is gone. 
 Looks like he packed up in a hurry. 
 Find anything in the garage? 
 Well, the techs are still sifting through it. 
 [indistinct chatter, camera shutter clicks] 
 Dozens of hard drives, hundreds of files and folders named after addresses. 
 Probably more creepy peeping. 
 It's gonna take a while to catalogue all of it. 
 STAFFORD: Oh, my God. 
 Stafford? 
 I found a video, but it's not drone footage. 
 ♪ 
 [dark music] 
 ♪ He's not a Peeping Tom. He's a serial rapist. 
 And we let him get away. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 