Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Episode 4 - Close to the Enemy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Episode 4 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=783&t=30073 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/02/16 06:06 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Episode 4 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 But they are going to lock you up, and I won't be able to do anything about it. 
 I may be able to help you with your brother. 
 Will you have lunch with Rachel? 
 She needs to talk to someone about her ideas. 
 If what you did proved a major nuisance, you'd be disappeared, most probably. 
 Nobody's going to lay a finger on me. I can assure you of that. 
 Are there other people from the Secret Service operating in this hotel? 
 You should have a look at room 602. 
 Who have you got in there, anyway? 
 Quite a catch, in fact. 
 He's a senior German counter-intelligence officer. 
 We're going to fake his death right here in the hotel. 
 Who's Kleinow? Is he on your list? 
 He most certainly is. 
 Yeah, well, he's staying here at the hotel. 
 [SOFT SINISTER LAUGHTER] 
 [MUFFLED STATION ANNOUNCEMENT] 
 [BELLS RING] 
 We might just try something... 
 Anything's better than standing here, watching them go. 
 Herr Kleinow? 
 I have an urgent message for you. Mr Emmanuel is here. 
 He must speak with you. 
 Mr Emmanuel is here? 
 They're not taking you where you think you're going. 
 Of course it is you. 
 We need you to come to London. 
 I'm sure you do. 
 We can do this reasonably, or we could do this another way. 
 Or we don't do it at all. 
 You must excuse me... 
 [GUN COCKS] 
 Get down, on your knees. 
 [WOMAN GASPS] 
 Don't worry. We're the police. 
 Kathy, you drive. 
 Amazing, isn't it? No sign of them! 
 Never overestimate their efficiency. 
 You're not going to get five miles. 
 Oh, we'll be stopping well before then. 
 Come on, Kathy, let's go! 
 I hope you're not running away cos I asked you what you did in the war? 
 I'm sure, in your own way, you did your bit. 
 Well, thank you for coming. 
 Yes. 
 See you again very soon. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. Good night. 
 Are you feeling a little better, Victor? 
 Yes, I am. Where on earth do you think Callum is? 
 Ah, there you are, Victor! 
 Yes, just seeing people off. 
 No sign of your friends. 
 Not yet. 
 You think they've driven straight past and all the way to London without me, and not turned back? 
 We'll see. 
 Are they coming? 
 They are. 
 The police who came to the hotel are now coming here to collect you. 
 They have a warrant for your arrest. 
 Would you like some sugar in your tea? 
 You'll be taken before a magistrate in the morning. 
 You'll be remanded in custody. 
 Arrangements will then be made to take you back to Germany. 
 And when you're there, you will stand trial. 
 That's not going to happen. We all know that, don't we? 
 What do you call yourself? A War Crimes Division? 
 Something like that. 
 It's not easy, is it? 
 The victors being the only ones deciding what is a crime. 
 It's not the best system, maybe. 
 We are on the same side now. 
 What happened has... 
 Has gone? 
 Is that what you think? 
 What happened makes co-operation difficult, of course, but things change so quickly. 
 [SWING MUSIC STARTS] 
 They always do when the fighting stops. 
 People you'd never, ever think you'd sit down with, you find yourself seeing so much of. 
 I never thought I'd like this American music so much, but now I do. 
 Come on, chickens, come on, chickens, come on! 
 She shouldn't be up so late, but why not? 
 Her last days of freedom before I find her a proper school. 
 Except they're making me work so hard I have no time to look. 
 Maybe we could all help find one? I have the time! 
 Go on, grab it, pick it up! 
 She is so pleased to see her friend again, isn't she? 
 The thing about chickens, Lotte, is they're much braver than you think. 
 They kill snakes in the wild, and mice and lizards. 
 One must never underestimate the humble chicken! 
 Victor knows far more about things then you would ever suspect. 
 Just like his brother... 
 Yes, Callum is a most remarkable fellow, isn't he? 
 With his music, and all his technical knowledge about machines and engines and nuts and bolts. 
 And all his hush hush work too. 
 I would call him a truly remarkable chap. 
 You're right. He is a truly remarkable chap. 
 Something extraordinary must have happened tonight. 
 For him not to be here? 
 [SIREN BELLS RING] 
 Your police have come after all. 
 Right, you go with him. Ride in the car with him. 
 Yes, I think that's a very good idea. 
 I really hope nothing happens to you because of this. 
 No, don't worry about me, please. 
 Never worry about me. 
 I hope his superiors are understanding, and what they do to him is not  too  severe. 
 Hello, stranger. You're very jumpy! 
 I am jumpy, yes. 
 You look terrific! 
 Thank you. 
 I'm going for an audition, for a film. 
 It's only a tiny part, but rather a showy one all the same. 
 Auditions are torture, of course. Pray for me, won't you? 
 I will. I'm going to have a hell of a day, too. 
 I'm about to be summoned to headquarters. 
 Ah! So what have you been up to? 
 What have you done, Callum? 
 Best you don't know. 
 Been doing something about that spooky German, have you? 
 Well, whatever it is, just be smart, won't you? 
 And take reinforcements, if you can. 
 I would if I could! 
 There is no point in me coming to this meeting if you kill us both! 
 That's one way out, though! 
 You really think I can be of help? 
 Yes, a great help... just as long as you agree with everything I say. 
 So Ferguson, let us be clear. 
 You have conspired in the removal of a senior German counter-intelligence officer who was about to reveal vital information about the Russians, and he is now sitting in a police cell in Covent Garden where he is absolutely no use to anybody. 
 Is that what you've done? 
 Yes. That's right, sir. 
 I was told that all the other operations in the hotel had been discontinued, apart from mine. 
 That was clearly a lie. 
 My one and only objective is to achieve the work that Dieter here has been doing, and we've been making tremendous progress. 
 Tremendous, yes. Every day, it goes better. 
 We're getting really very close. 
 I could not afford to let Salter and his lot... rampage around the hotel and endanger that work. 
 He had to be stopped. 
 That is the best you can do? 
 That is the best, yes, sir. 
 Come on, come with me. 
 Just you! 
 Lovely garden, isn't it? 
 I don't know why we should ever give it back. 
 I couldn't say it in front of him, but those bastards from MI19 should never have still been in the hotel, so f*ck them! 
 Absolutely f*ck them! You're right. 
 Just so long as our German friend delivers, you'll be OK. 
 It's me you have to worry about, Ferguson. Always remember that. 
 Oh, I always remember that, sir. 
 I will handle the bastards for you. 
 But this can never, ever happen again. Do you understand? 
 And for God's sake, get rid of those bloody files in the hotel right away. 
 We don't need them. Chuck them all out. 
 They're just a magnet for Miss Griffiths and her lot. 
 I can do that, sir. 
 And I have another task for you, too. 
 Ah, this the punishment bit, then, is it, sir? 
 It could easily be, yes. 
 We're going to be using the hotel for a little longer, Ferguson. 
 We're still collecting Germans who can be of use to us, and not just scientists, but people who can give us a commercial advantage, too. 
 We've got hold of this widow, Frau Bellinghausen. 
 The family fortune was in perfume, the rival to Eau de Cologne, just as successful. 
 She says she has the secret formula, she alone. 
 You've got to get it out of her. 
 Of course. I can do that. 
 Oh, I ought to warn you... she's absolutely terrifying. 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 Enter. 
 So you're the one they've sent to deal with me? 
 I am the lucky man, yes. 
 You're not part of the management of this hotel? 
 I'm not, no. 
 So you're a Secret Service man, then? A policeman? 
 Well, no, not a policeman exactly, I'm from T-Force. I... 
 I will call you a policeman until you prove to me you are not. 
 You know, you speak beautiful English, Frau Bellinghausen. 
 That is because I  am  English. 
 You have come rather badly prepared if you don't know that. 
 I married Herr Bellinghausen when I was 19. 
 You don't seem to have unpacked yet. 
 That is for two reasons. 
 Firstly, I don't like this suite, though I am told it is by far the best in the hotel. 
 Oh, it is, yes. 
 And, secondly, I always have somebody to help me unpack. 
 Well, I can help you do that. 
 You certainly cannot. 
 I'm not having a policeman going through my clothes. 
 I need a woman to do it. 
 I had a wonderful maid for years and years. 
 She was called Magdalena. 
 We were very close. 
 She had an adorable smile. She was always smiling. 
 Well, I think I can find somebody who smiles to help you unpack. 
 In fact, I am fairly confident of that, Frau Bellinghausen. 
 Yes, you seem a very confident person all round. 
 So, Frau Bellinghausen, I just wondered if I might ask a few questions... 
 You certainly may not. 
 You'll be producing a little policeman's notebook next. 
 You were doing quite well until you said that. 
 It's beautiful, Victor. Absolutely beautiful. 
 I bought the flowers myself, and added one or two things, as you can see. 
 It's a huge improvement, isn't it? 
 That's exactly what it is. Well done, Victor, well done indeed. 
 So, have you been thinking what my next challenge will be? 
 Well, there are the overflow shelves... 
 Yes, it's just I was hoping... maybe this is a bit stupid of me... but I was hoping for something more difficult. 
 Well, the new shelves should take you at least three weeks, don't you think? 
 Then we'll see. 
 Then, of course, there's the matter I need to discuss with your brother. 
 Ah, yes, of course there is. The hush hush matter? 
 Yes. 
 We should have a meal, Victor, to celebrate all your work here. 
 Thank you. 
 So, perhaps I can be of help with the hush hush matter? 
 I don't know that you can, Victor. 
 Well, just remember, once I put my mind to it, there are few things I can't do! 
 This is probably one of them. 
 You are perfectly dressed for looking at schools! 
 This is my dress for church. 
 I thought I must look serious, so a school will take me. 
 Ah, Miss Griffiths, you have come to say goodbye? 
 I've come to tell you you're about to be moved to Reading jail. 
 And then you'll be travelling to Germany, to stand trial at Nuremberg. 
 Of course, that is the plan. 
 That is what's going to happen. 
 We will see who is right. 
 They have managed to find me a book, and surprisingly it's a good book... 
 Treasure Island. Somehow, I've never read it before. 
 It's excellent for my English. 
 By the way, your chances of "disappearing" have just got rather less, because now, you really are quite famous. 
 Just in time. They're about to bring him up. 
 Oh, good. Kathy, this is my brother, Victor. 
 Victor, this is Kathy Griffiths. 
 Hello, I'm the notorious brother. 
 Very pleased to meet you. 
 Well, I wouldn't have missed this for anything! 
 And he wanted to show me what he's been up to, why he missed the dinner party the other night. 
 It's too fast. They're bringing him in too fast! 
 Slow. Look, I need the press to get a picture. 
 Make sure they get a clear shot. As slowly as you can! 
 [SHOUTS FROM CROWD] 
 He likes to be the showman, my brother. 
 They got the photos of him, all right. 
 They did! And the police were very obliging. 
 He was shrivelling, wasn't he? Herr Kleinow. 
 He didn't enjoy that! 
 I haven't had a chance to thank you, Mr Ferguson. 
 Callum. And I'm pleased to have been of help. 
 Unfortunately, I won't be able to do it again, otherwise they'll throw me in jail, too. 
 So, I have to say goodbye, and good luck with everything, Kathy. 
 I have to get back to work. 
 Perfumes, plastics, and jet engines! 
 You can't stop now. 
 I'm not stopping. 
 Well, that's good to hear. 
 I'm finished my present job. 
 Well, almost, so I am looking for another prospect. 
 Are you? 
 You don't know what to say to that, do you? 
 Not immediately, no. 
 Well, I'll be on the lookout for you, all the same, just in case I spot anything useful for you. 
 [DRUM SOLO] 
 [RAUCOUS SWING/JAZZ MUSIC] 
 Right, we're going to deal with these bloody files. 
 [MUSIC FAINT IN BACKGROUND] 
 My latest instructions are these... it's quite simple... they're all going to go. 
 99% of them are going to be chucked out. 
 1% of them are going to be kept in another location. 
 Now, that 1% are files relevant to our current work. 
 So, every file that we have needs to be checked, in case it's been wrongly labelled. 
 Now, the great news is... we're finally free of the bastards from MI19. 
 [BUZZER SOUNDS] 
 None left in the hotel! 
 I'm sorry, what is that? 
 That's Frau Bellinghausen, sir. 
 She has her own red light now, does she? 
 Yes, sir. When she dials reception, it automatically flashes here. 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 [MUSIC MORE AUDIBLE] 
 Come! 
 You rang, Frau Bellinghausen? 
 I did. I would like this music stopped. 
 If one can call it music. 
 The music? 
 Yes. I would like it stopped immediately, please. 
 This is not a nightclub. They have no need to make so much noise. 
 I don't think it's an unreasonable request. 
 Well, I'll ask them how much longer they'll be, and... 
 No, it must be stopped, if I'm going to stay here. 
 Ah, yes, I see you have done a little unpacking. 
 And they put up the pictures that I asked them to. 
 Good. 
 Yes, it's a trifle more pleasant. 
 It is so much better than Eau de Cologne, and, of course, it was first, too. 
 And Eau de Cologne is quite an ordinary scent, in comparison. 
 They even gave it to U-boat crews to stop them smelling so much. 
 You didn't know that, I'm sure. 
 I didn't know that, no. 
 I just wanted to ask... 
 No. No asking about anything. 
 Not yet, no. 
 Just stop the music. 
 Ah, here you are. Just in time! 
 And I think we might have found a school. 
 [SHE WHISPERS] 
 She says you chose a very good school for her. 
 Well, I hope it wasn't my choice! We did look at four. 
 I am so very grateful. Thank you. 
 Ah, there you are. 
 You said that like you were expecting me. 
 Well, I was hoping. 
 I was hoping I'd see you again. 
 And now happens to be the perfect time. 
 How come it's so perfect? 
 I'm just trying to work something out. 
 How they disappeared. 
 There was a Nazi counter-intelligence officer here... and we were watching the door in the passage there... and then they just completely... vanished. 
 They managed to get him out of the hotel without me even seeing. 
 They had all these rooms! That's how they did it. 
 They did. 
 It's... it's quite simple, really. 
 And they took him down the fire escape from the room down there. 
 Spirited him away under your nose! 
 Ah, but we managed to grab him back again. 
 He's on his way to Germany now, to stand trial, and I got away with the whole thing. 
 Good for you. 
 No wonder you're so pleased with yourself. 
 I missed you so much. 
 You see, I've surprised you. 
 I probably won't be able to do that again... surprise you. 
 You haven't surprised me. 
 Because I can't stop thinking about you. 
 [BUZZER SOUNDS] 
 I thought he was dealing with it! 
 We can't do this, can we? 
 Why? Because a Nazi slept in here, we can't use the bed? 
 Come on! 
 Well, that is another reason, of course the... Nazi bedroom... that is a fairly strange feeling, but... rather more importantly, because Alex is your best friend. 
 And Alex is your husband. 
 That is also true. 
 He was the one that pushed us together, remember? 
 I don't know why, but he did. 
 He suggested that we do this, did he? 
 I don't think so! This is not what he meant. I'm pretty sure of that. 
 Please, please, you have to stop playing. 
 It's very important you stop, please. 
 You want us to stop rehearsing? 
 The army thinks they run everything, don't they? 
 Except you are not really even the proper army. 
 I'm sorry, but we are in charge of what we do down here, and we are not stopping for you. 
 OK, boys, let's take it again, from the top. 
 Come on, Richie, more heat! 
 Ha! Ha-ha! 
 [MUSIC RESUMES] 
 Don't rush. I need to get used to this Nazi bed. 
 I'm not rushing. 
 I've been thinking about clothes a lot recently. 
 Just as they're coming off, you start talking about clothes? 
 Why not? 
 I met this designer... that I want to help. 
 She's got this little shop, and her clothes are lovely, and very sexy, and affordable for everybody. 
 And, seeing as you've been entirely useless at introducing me to people, I thought that... 
 Well, it sounds terrific. 
 Sir? 
 Sir? Captain Ferguson! 
 Oh, that voice! 
 I have to go. 
 There you are, sir! 
 So, it appears we have no choice. 
 We'd better stop the music. 
 We should really enjoy this moment, Kathy, because they're going to be moving us out of this office in a month, and there'll only be four of us left. 
 Only four of us? They can't... 
 I told you, we're so deeply unimportant to them. 
 To everybody. 
 And that's before our little victory. 
 Your  victory. 
 Our  little victory. 
 They will, of course, take revenge for what we did. 
 And who knows if Herr Kleinow will ever stand trial? 
 Oh, he'll stand trial! 
 He will definitely stand trial. 
 I tell you, if I have to personally drag him into the dock and hold him there. 
 And what's more... I'm going to get another one! 
 That boy Victor is right.... one tends to take chickens for granted, doesn't one? 
 They are a lot more complicated then they seem. 
 Oh, don't move that, Mrs Gorton, please. 
 Even moving it a little is not a good idea. 
 It is the extremely secret box, which is why it is out in the open, so as not to arouse suspicion. 
 I asked for staff... 
 And they send you more than you need. 
 I'm certainly not going to tell them that. 
 No! Never, ever tell them that. 
 We can use them all easily. 
 It's terrific, isn't it? 
 It really feels as if... 
 That we're going to catch up. 
 Catch up the Americans, then overtake them, beat them. 
 Make up all the ground that was lost. 
 That we Brits lost, you mean! 
 After we invented the bloody thing in the first place! 
 
 
 
 Oh, hello! 
 Victor! You look smart. 
 Well, I felt I had to, to make up for the dinner party. 
 I hired it for the night. It fits perfectly, doesn't it? 
 It does. 
 Well, this is exciting, isn't it? 
 My first time ever in a Gentlemen's Club. 
 It's like eating roast rhino, isn't it? 
 We may have a socialist government now, doing things differently, but nothing, it seems, will stop the meat being cooked like this. 
 It's what they're used to. They don't want it to change. 
 Now, this is both a celebratory meal and a time to tell the truth. 
 Well, that sounds ominous. 
 It's been delightful getting to know both of you, of course. 
 I hope it's obvious I've enjoyed your company a lot, but there's always been a reason for it, as you know. 
 Now, I'm very well aware that you really don't know anything about me. 
 You probably think, "Is he really just a retired Foreign Office Official?" 
 Well, in fact I am just a retired Foreign Office Official, but one who has embarked on a quest. 
 And what is the quest? 
 Well, first you need to believe me. 
 I have to show you I am a reliable witness. 
 Now, I have a little party trick to help me illustrate that. 
 This is a film review, written by Winston Churchill. 
 I was a regular visitor to Downing Street and Chequers during the war, because I was thought to be a bit of an expert on how foreigners think, especially the Germans. 
 So, imagine this scene... we're all sitting watching Orson Welles' Citizen Kane, and Churchill starts talking and yelling back at the screen. 
 I say to him, "The Americans think very highly of this film". 
 And he turns to me, eyes blazing, takes my pen, and says, "I'll tell you what I think of it." 
 Rubbish, rubbish, bloody rubbish. 
 Now, why do you think I told you that? 
 Well, because it's rather odd, maybe? 
 Churchill yelling at Citizen Kane in the middle of the war? 
 No. 
 I want to show you I was quite close to the heart of things. 
 Oh, this should do it. 
 What does that key open? 
 Now, of course, you know Winston Churchill very nearly didn't become Prime Minister. 
 My then boss, the Foreign Secretary, Lord Halifax, who wanted to do a peace deal with the Nazis, was everybody's choice... the press barons, most of Parliament, the Royal Family. 
 This key was given to Halifax by the Queen so he could let himself into the Buckingham Palace garden whenever he wanted. 
 To use the summer house there whenever he chose. 
 His own private key! 
 So, of course, they could meet there in secret, him and the Queen, to discuss whatever they wanted, about him becoming Prime Minister, no doubt. 
 That's how close he came to running the country, and us losing the war. 
 Does it still open doors? Does is still work? 
 We must pop along to Buckingham Palace and try it out tonight. 
 No, it doesn't work any more. They changed the lock. 
 Halifax gave it to me when he left for America. 
 I often look at it, as a reminder of what could have happened. 
 Blimey! 
 They're all looking now, not even pretending not to listen! 
 Thank you for getting rid of them, Victor. 
 And now the chance of being overheard is gone, I can tell you something I've never told anybody. 
 In the summer of '38, a very neatly dressed German diplomat came to visit the Foreign Office. 
 He had to sit in the passage for quite a while. 
 Herr Theodor Kordt, and he came with the most dramatic possible message. 
 This was before the war, remember. 
 He's carrying a message from the German military... senior figures in the German military... that they would launch a military coup against Hitler. 
 They would overthrow Hitler, but they just wanted one guarantee from us... they needed us to say publicly we would go to war with Germany if Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia. 
 Just for us to say it... that's all they needed to justify their action to the German public, and then they would act. 
 So the whole war could have been avoided. 
 Is that what you're saying? 
 I don't know. 
 I don't know, yet. 
 When Herr Kordt left the passage, which is where I saw him, he went into a very important meeting. 
 There are files in the Foreign Office that tell exactly what happened next, how we missed an incredible opportunity. 
 Who was responsible. 
 I need to see those files, because I feel this may be a story I want to tell the public. 
 Why on Earth do you need Callum's help? 
 Because, believe it or not, it's a lot easier for someone like him to get access than anybody else. 
 Of course, those files are top secret. No-one wants the facts to come out. 
 But what T-Force and MI19 is doing is of such high priority, they can ask for anything. 
 Of course, it's no coincidence that I was always hanging around the Connington. 
 I wanted to meet somebody from T-Force, because that somebody can write a letter to say they are dealing with such-and-such a German, who can be fictitious if necessary, and this German claims definite inside knowledge of this story and you just want to check the facts, to establish his reliability... 
 They won't fall for that! 
 No, no, no, they might. 
 The only real problem is, of course, if I ever did reveal it to the public, and the leak was traced back to you... 
 Then I might go to jail. 
 And I certainly wouldn't want you to take that risk. 
 I like stories of missed opportunities, as you know, especially crucial ones. 
 Funny old bird, isn't he, Harold? 
 Do we trust him? I'm not sure, really. 
 I could feel you getting worried in there, suddenly all protective! 
 Don't worry, I'm not about to do something stupid, just because he's given you a job for a few weeks. 
 Yes, I was hoping it would be for longer, too. 
 We'll find you something else. 
 I feel like I could do something more now, Cal, anyway. A lot more... 
 I promise you, I'll find you another job. 
 Right, well, anyway, I think this is where we... 
 We say goodbye? Are you serious? 
 So, I'm not allowed to get any closer to your precious hotel, am I? 
 No, Victor, I told you, it's not a good idea for you to be at the hotel at the moment, OK? 
 No, it's not OK. It is not remotely OK. 
 You just love it, don't you? Having the run of the place? 
 You seem to be enjoying it far too much, Cal. That might not be good. 
 I'm not enjoying it too much, I can assure you! 
 We're having to sort through all the files in the office at the moment, because we're about to throw most of them out. It's pure drudgery. 
 Oh, well, then, can I help? I'm brilliant at pure drudgery! 
 You know I'd be good at it. 
 No, Victor, you can't. 
 It's all classified. 
 Ah, yes of course. Official Secrets. 
 I  can  keep a secret! 
 Are you sure you should be throwing all this stuff away, then? 
 Good night, Victor. 
 Callum! Callum, Callum! 
 You'll never guess what's happened! 
 What? 
 I've got the part! 
 I didn't hear for days and days. 
 I thought it had gone, but I've got the part! 
 Cheers! 
 [BELLS RING] 
 Couldn't you go faster, Lotte? I'll race you! 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 Enter! 
 You wanted to see me? 
 I did. You're late. 
 Well, it is Sunday. 
 You're still late. 
 If you're the only one dealing with me, apart from the maids, of course, then you have to be on time. 
 Well, I'll do my best... from now on. 
 Good. 
 After all, policemen are always on time. 
 Now, I asked the other day for the music to be stopped, and you ignored me, and did nothing about it. 
 No, no, no, that is not the case. 
 I did have it stopped, it just took a little longer than you... 
 Please. It's important that we understand each other, so I will say this very simply... don't lie to me. 
 I wasn't. 
 I have something you want, and you are, I think, trying to find out if I really do have it, at this moment. 
 Here. The secret formula. 
 If we're going to get anywhere together, you have to be absolutely truthful with me. 
 Always. 
 Right. 
 And does that apply to you, too? 
 That remains to be seen. 
 Yes. 
 No, it sounds wonderful. 
 [SHE CHUCKLES] 
 No, no, I think he would. 
 Ah, darling, I didn't know you were on the telephone. 
 I'll leave you alone, if it's private. 
 No, I was just saying goodbye. 
 Yes, no, I'll ask him. Well, I'll try. 
 No, he's here now. I'll tell him. 
 All right. Goodbye. Bye. 
 That was Callum. 
 Oh, yes? 
 I promised him that I would ask you. 
 He wants to know if we'd like to come to something. 
 It's a most unusual invitation... an actress that he knows has a small part in a film, and they're filming the scene at night by a lake, and we can go and watch. 
 And he's arranged a picnic. 
 A picnic at night? 
 A picnic at night, yes. 
 That will be rather cold, won't it? 
 And there'll be a lot of standing around, I suspect, and people shouting. 
 Please come. 
 Make sure you fill each sack to the top. 
 Have we got any more sacks? 
 Oh, my god! It's you! 
 You gave me such a shock. 
 Sorry, I just had to see you. 
 I'm surprised you knew where to find me. 
 Not many people know where our offices are. 
 I'm quite good at finding things out. 
 So why do you need to see me, Victor? 
 Did you mean it when you said you weren't stopping? 
 Of course I meant it. 
 Then I might have something for you. 
 Don't look so surprised! 
 What is it? 
 My brother is throwing out all those files in his office, and I thought you might want them. 
 I thought we could go along and grab them. 
 That's a tempting idea, Victor, but we're hardly going to be able to walk in and "grab" them, are we? 
 Now, I'm not sure about that. 
 What if we time it right? Exactly. 
 What if they're all out celebrating, and the stuff is nicely bundled up, ready to go? 
 Amazing! It's like a painting of people working hard, isn't it? 
 They  are  working hard. They're not posing for you, I assure you. 
 They are putting in very long hours. 
 We all are! 
 And what is more, I'm still not allowed to drive myself here. 
 I have my driver always watching me. You have your spies, Callum. 
 Of course I have my spies. I know everything you do! 
 [PHONE RINGS] 
 Not everything, I hope. 
 Hello? Ah, yes. 
 Callum? 
 Hello? 
 It's me. 
 Is everything all right, Victor? 
 It might be, yes. I just wondered when we could next see each other. 
 How's this week looking? Is there any night you can't do? 
 It's not too bad. 
 Except... except Wednesday, that's our night of wild celebrations. 
 Right. See you on Tuesday, then. 
 I think we have our opportunity, Bella. 
 Action! 
 These are the bad men, but they won't hurt the princess. 
 Don't worry, Lotte, they will lose. 
 You see, the bad people always lose. 
 I think they must have captured the princess, and will demand a ransom from the king, but he will send out his men to rescue her. 
 Is that your friend? 
 She looks wonderful. 
 Harold : Is this Robin Hood? 
 I don't think it can be. 
 Maybe it's some sort of cousin of Robin Hood, you know, a copy? 
 Silence! Will you shut up? 
 Sorry. 
 All ready, then? 
 Well, I'm here. 
 Don't look so doubtful! Come on. 
 Just got to make sure he doesn't see me. 
 He's the only one who knows me around here. 
 I know where to go. Callum took me there. 
 OK. Let's go and get them. 
 Is this it? 
 I'll show you the way. 
 Aren't you going to knock? 
 Knock? There'll be nobody there. 
 It's gone. We're late. 
 We're just too late. They've moved them already! 
 God! That is so annoying! 
 We tried. 
 And you were right, Victor, there was nobody here. 
 It was a little too much to hope for, wasn't it? 
 That the files would just be sitting here, unguarded? 
 No, I'm not giving up. We're not giving up. 
 Timing is everything, isn't it? 
 And maybe I haven't got my timing that wrong. 
 Empty. Empty. 
 Empty. Empty. 
 Empty! 
 I thought so... all this rubbish has just been collected! 
 We're going to go after it, Kathy. We are going to catch it. 
 Catch it? How? Do you know where it's gone? 
 No, but I am going to guess! 
 Cut! That's supper, everybody. 
 Julia! You look simply magical! Really. 
 Well done. 
 Well, you haven't heard me speak yet. 
 That's not quite so magical, I promise you! 
 But didn't I look good on a horse? 
 You d... 
 Oh, indeed. 
 And to have to do it so many times. 
 Can't they get it right the first time? 
 We were mesmerised. 
 Well, my part's not as big as it looks. 
 You look wonderful. You do. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 Now I know why I never see you any more. 
 Have you seen how much food there is? 
 I didn't need to bring a picnic at all! 
 And everything with butter on it, and not just those little pats of butter we have to put up with. 
 Loads! It's utterly astonishing. 
 You know, Harold, I can't stop thinking about what you told me the other day. 
 I just can't seem to get it out of my head. 
 That's what I was hoping. 
 Maybe you should draft out a letter, for me to take a look at, Harold, as you suggested. 
 Of course, if you want me to. 
 But not to send yet, Callum. 
 No. 
 What are you two doing? You look far too serious! 
 Don't you think it's so terrific being here? 
 Seeing all those huge men in armour, fighting to get their sausages and eggs. 
 I really want to tuck in myself, I can tell you! 
 And you must do that, darling, but I've got to go. 
 Go?! 
 You can't go now, Alex. Everybody's about to have supper, there's going to be a sword fight... 
 Yes, I know, but I've got to go. 
 You stay, by all means. 
 I've got to go the Carlton Club. 
 There was a meeting there earlier this evening. 
 An unofficial meeting, anyway, but I just have to drop by and catch up. 
 Well, I'll travel back into town with you if you have to work... 
 No, no, no, you must stay if you want. 
 I'm sure Mr Lindsay-Jones or Callum will bring you home. 
 No... 
 Of course. 
 There we are! 
 You can't get out of it, Alex? 
 You really have to go to this meeting? 
 I do, darling. I have to go. 
 Stop, please! This is it, Kathy! 
 How do you know this is the right place? 
 It's the nearest one. 
 We've got to be lucky. We must be! 
 Keep the change. 
 [LAUGHTER AND CHATTER] 
 [WHISPERING]: Victor! 
 Victor! 
 [LOUDER]: Victor! 
 What are you doing here? You shouldn't be here. 
 It's... all official business. Official business! 
 Things that never should've been thrown out. 
 Thrown something away you shouldn't, have you? 
 Mate of mine did that once. 
 Threw away a ring he'd bought his girl, cos she went off with the bloke in the flat above, and he wanted it back, so he came here. 
 Took him all night, but he found it, underneath a five-day-old cauliflower. 
 Transport! 
 I thought I'd take no chances. 
 We've got to have room for everything we've found. 
 Where are we taking them, by the way? 
 To my flat. 
 It's the only place we can be sure to get in. 
 I've never told anybody this, but this is what I really want to do. 
 I'm honoured to be the only one who knows, but what exactly is it you want to do? 
 Be an extra in a movie? 
 No, no, no. I... 
 I want to write music for the movies. 
 I'd love to do that. 
 Your music. 
 You know, I've never heard you play. 
 Well, there is a piano back at the hotel. 
 We could go there now. I could play you something I've written. 
 We'll be as quick as we can. 
 We'll be as quick as we can, gentlemen! 
 Come on, Kathy. 
 [VICTOR GRUNTS] 
 We could always skip the music. 
 Certainly not. You don't get out of it that easily. 
 [SLOW MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
 You still there? You're very quiet. 
 I'm here. 
 You surprised? 
 A little. 
 You expected a march, did you? 
 Something more war-like. 
 The marines coming over the hill. 
 I didn't know what to expect. 
 I liked it. 
 [SHOE SLAMS DOWN] 
 What's that? 
 Oh, that's nothing. 
 It's just the man collecting the shoes. He always makes a racket. 
 He's not going to insist on coming in here, is he? 
 "Excuse me, sir. Don't mind me, sir. 
 "Please carry on. I'm just here to shine your shoes!" 
 I can't believe we've done this. 
 There's a beetle coming out of that one, look! 
 Don't worry. 
 I'll go through them. I don't mind getting filthy. 
 You don't know what you're looking for, Victor. 
 I've got a bit of an idea. 
 I can make a start, anyway. You go to bed. 
 You don't mind me staying here, do you? 
 I'd rather do that if I can. Don't really want to be alone now. 
 And you don't have to worry about anything. 
 With women, I'm always a perfect gentleman. 
 I'm sure you are, Victor. 
 Of course you can stay tonight. 
 You can use the sofa. 
 They're going to come after these, aren't they? 
 Maybe not. Maybe they won't realise they've gone. 
 You know that movie, with Greta Garbo Queen Christina? 
 Where she's in that room with her lover. 
 It's a much grander room than this, of course, but she starts touching everything... a spinning wheel, the four poster bed, and she touches everything very, very slowly. 
 Sensually, and she speaks... even slower. 
 [AS GARBO]: "I... am memorising... 
 "this room..." 
 [CALLUM CHUCKLES] 
 So that's what you're doing? You're memorising the room. 
 No, hardly. 
 You'd be crazy to remember this one... because there's nothing of you here, Cal. 
 Hardly any books, no pictures, no photos of your family, not even Victor. 
 Of course not. It's not my home. 
 But you haven't got a home, have you, Cal? 
 I don't want to fall in love with you. 
 I have to do everything I can not to. 
 Not to love you. 
 Why? 
 "Why?", he says, complacently lying there. "Why ever not?" 
 Because it can't possibly last. 
 You don't know that. 
 Of course I do. 
 Of course it can only be temporary. 
 For so many reasons. 
 I don't want to fall in love with you, but right at this moment... 
 I'm not sure how to stop it. 
 That's strange... 
 What's this? 
 No, no, no, that's nothing. 
 That's nothing. It's just a special notebook... 
 They haven't... 
 Look, you'd better get out of this room. All right? 
 You should go. Don't worry. 
 I'll take care of it. Don't worry. 
 Was that worth coming back for? 
 Worth cutting your evening short for that? 
 I was asked to. 
 Of course you were asked to. 
 Play it for me. Through the loudspeaker. 
 It's nothing... 
 it's just a special notebook... 
 No, no. 
 Play me the whole thing. 
 [TAPE STOPS] 
 [KATHY MOANS ON TAPE] 
 [MOANING INTENSIFIES] 
 Ah, not bad, is it? Much better than I expected. 
 How useful these German tape machines have proved, haven't they? 
 I have to say, sir, that I'm surprised. 
 Very surprised. 
 What, that I didn't search my room for bugs? Yes, so am I, Ruth. 
 A basic mistake, wasn't it? 
 Surprisingly naive, I agree. 
 Well, now I know why Salter hasn't come to find me. 
 He didn't need to. 
 He was still here, listening to everything. 
 He's somewhere in the hotel. 
 Not tonight. 
 I promise you, he isn't here tonight. 
 Now, you tell your boss, that I want to meet him in the lobby at eight o'clock tomorrow morning. 
 There you are, darling. 
 You're still awake. 
 It's nearly three o'clock, Alex. 
 I know. I thought I'd wade through these while I waited. 
 So you stayed for all the filming, did you? 
 Not all of it, no. I think it goes on till dawn. 
 Till dawn? 
 What else did you see? Were they filming anything different? 
 No, just the men in armour running around. 
 I didn't see the sword fight. 
 That's a pity. 
 Did Mr Lindsay-Jones or Callum bring you home? 
 No, Callum's still there, I think. 
 He loves everything to do with the movies. 
 No, I took a taxi. 
 Shocking, isn't it? All the way from Buckinghamshire. 
 The film people arranged it for me. 
 That was kind of them. 
 They seemed rather rude, to me. 
 Yes, it was kind of them. 
 It was so exciting seeing all those people working together like that, all concentrating on the same thing. 
 It's made me even more determined to do something myself. 
 Don't laugh at this, but I'm thinking of arranging a fashion show for that designer that I've met, to show off her clothes. 
 Why not, darling? I'm not going to laugh at that. 
 [BUZZER SOUNDS] 
 You look dreadful. Have you not been to sleep? 
 Not much last night, no, Frau Bellinghausen. 
 You've come to see me unshaven, looking a total mess? 
 What has happened to you, Mr Policeman? 
 Nothing I can't handle. 
 Maybe you should start calling me Callum. 
 I hardly think we're at that stage, are we? 
 Or Captain Ferguson? 
 If you were in uniform, that might be a little easier. 
 Right, so, what can I do for you? 
 Ah. 
 It will not have escaped your notice that I'm here on my own, and I have not been out of this suite. 
 That is my own choice, of course, but maybe you could provide somebody for me to have tea with. 
 Somebody of interest who will come here and be entertaining, for a short while. 
 So you want some company, Frau Bellinghausen? 
 Someone to amuse you? 
 For a couple of hours only, and that easily could be too long. 
 I do have to go... it's quite urgent... 
 I have a little battle to fight downstairs. 
 Do you? 
 Are you going to win this battle? 
 Ah, Ferguson. 
 We haven't seen each other for a while, have we? 
 Tea? How very civilised. 
 But only for one? This isn't going to take long. 
 We need to forgive each other, you and I. 
 Do we? 
 You took my German... 
 I did. 
 And I shouldn't still be in the hotel. 
 I heartily recommend that we really do forgive each other. 
 Or else what? 
 "Or else"? 
 Did I say "or else"? How could I do anything? 
 I have no means of hurting you, no means at all. 
 You have control of everything here, even the food. 
 Because the jet engine man is coming up trumps, and he really likes you, doesn't he? 
 Show me your room. 
 I'd be delighted. 
 I'm surprised you didn't guess I've had a room here all along. 
 It has a lovely smell. 
 Here we are. We get all the smell from the kitchens down here, some better than others, of course. 
 Ah, yes, that's just how we kept track of things. 
 We just needed to have a listen in to you, just so we knew you were safe. 
 It was just Ruth, and me, nobody else. 
 Now you've got exactly one minute to get out of this hotel, both of you, and don't you ever come back. 
 Don't throw me out, Ferguson. 
 We can destroy all the tapes, of course, but don't throw me out. 
 I can help you. 
 Help me? 
 Yes, you will need my help very soon. 
 We both know things are changing, becoming a lot more vicious. 
 It won't be our little deceptions any more, our home-made plans, yours and mine, but something far more brutal. 
 And you will need me. 
 All right, you've got 20 seconds. 
 I'll be right behind you. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 