Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Episode 5 - Close to the Enemy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Episode 5 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=783&t=30183 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/09/16 05:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Episode 5 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 The Army thinks they run everything, don't they? 
 Except you are not really even the proper army. 
 You have conspired in the removal of a senior German counter-intelligence officer who was about to reveal information about the Russians. 
 This can never, ever, happen again. 
 It's important that we understand each other, so don't lie to me. 
 I have something you want and you are, I think, trying to find out if I really do have it. Here. 
 I don't want to fall in love with you. 
 I have to do everything I can not to. 
 Not to love you. 
 My brother's throwing out all those files in his office, and I thought you might want them. 
 I thought we could go along and grab them. 
 In December of '38, a very neatly dressed German diplomat came to visit the Foreign Office. 
 He's carrying a message from the German military. 
 They would launch a military coup against Hitler, but they just wanted one guarantee. 
 They needed us to say, publicly, we would go to war with Germany if Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia. 
 And the whole war could've been avoided. Victor? You're still here?! Yes. I'm sorry, I just got so involved, I got lost in these. And all sorts of thoughts have been tumbling about. My own experiences... Of course. I don't know why, because this is all about the Germans. But, sometimes, things come rushing back. Yes, they must. I understand. I do realise you went through a great deal in the war and... No, no, we don't need to talk about it. I'm just... checking... Can't really tell?! I've made such a terrible mess here, but the good news is this room wasn't at all tidy in the first place! I hope you don't mind me saying that? No, you're probably right, I spend so little time here. With your permission, I'm going to take some of these files home... quite a lot, in fact... because they'll never ever find them in my room. It's so busy here now. All due to us, of course! And now, we have a surprise for you, Callum. We're opening all of this up again. They shut it as soon as the war ended. God, I love this place! I can escape from all my colleagues here, and from anybody sent to watch me. We both escape here! We're going to test the engine right here. Yes, and after the test has gone well, we're going to get all the senior people here. What, all the top brass coming here! That's a marvellous idea! You can book me the best seats in the house! [CHATTER] This all looks tremendous. Thank you. Can I have a word? About the other night, everything's been taken care of. Completely. Completely? Yes, completely. Come on, you two. Why shouldn't you be part of it? Ah! So, I managed to coax you back! I didn't need much coaxing. A fashion show... I wasn't going to miss that. It's so wonderful to be home. And it's wonderful to see you, my dear. What are you working on, or is it secret? It is secret, but I haven't written it yet. It's to help me find out something, but I don't want to get anybody into trouble. They can't hold the show now, surely?! My fingers may freeze to the piano, but we'll do our best. [BAND PLAYS LOUNGE JAZZ] I realise how cold you all are. Today of all days, the heating has decided to break down, but we're going to fix it, I promise you. We're not going to let some bloody boiler defeat us! Now, of course, I'm going to take this off. I won't be putting it back on again until after the show. No, please don't, miss. I hope you don't mind me saying this, but it's important that we can all see you. It'll help us get through it. Ah, there you are! I've brought something for you. It's a version of the letter we talked about. See what you think. Don't send it. Of course not, thank you. Harold, you're not so interested in fashion I couldn't steal you for a moment could I? I just want to introduce you to someone... it's the perfume lady, the one with the secret. [KNOCK AT DOOR] [DOOR OPENS] Here we are, Frau Bellinghausen, I've a tea companion for you. Have you indeed? Somebody who doesn't mind missing the show? Oh, I'd much rather be here. Harold Lindsay-Jones. [HE HUMS TO HIMSELF] You're a friend of Captain Ferguson? I am. There are two brothers, both exceptional people in a way. Callum must be a very exciting person to do business with? Am I doing business with him? I believe you are about to, yes. I hope you're not too clever, Mr Lindsay-Jones, for me to have tea with. [BUZZ OF CONVERSATION] It's even colder out here, honey. Go back inside. [ALL MURMUR AND SHIVER] This is crazy, it's freezing. I'm going to get the heating working myself. [VENTS HISS] [CLANKING] [BAND PLAYS SWING MUSIC] So, are they really are having a fashion show down there? How strange that seems at the moment. Yes! But a bit of colour, a bit of fun... how much people need that. It must break your heart what has happened to this city. Seeing it after such a time? I can't bear to look at it. The devastation, the horrible wrecked buildings. We both, I'm sure, remember how it was before the first war. Oh, yes, how beautiful it was. Nobody ever believes me when I say London was truly beautiful. In autumn especially. Yes. So incredibly lovely in autumn. And now, I hardly recognise it. Great clothes, aren't they! A bit of excitement, a bit of fun. We all need that, don't we?! Been miserable for too long. Come on, everybody! [BAND PLAYS BOOGIE WOOGIE] [HE GRUNTS] [HE GROANS] [CLANKING] [STEAM HISSES] [FLASH FLARES] Bravo! [CHEERING AND APPLAUSE] [CLOCK TICKS] [BANGING] [SHE GASPS] You have  got  to see this. [CORK POPS] [CHATTER] I have to tell Callum. Not right away, Victor. That's not the best thing to do, not before we've... No, no. I have got to tell him! [CHATTERING AND LAUGHTER] [THEY LAUGH] [THEY CHATTER AND SQUEAL] Victor, what are you doing here? You're not supposed to be here. You've been lied to. I couldn't stop him doing this. Look, look, read it! Your German worked with V-2 rockets. He worked with slave labour. He was in charge. Many people died! People were executed! He has lied to you all the time about everything. I don't believe you. I don't care what this says, I don't believe you! No! You don't want to believe it! You always have to do this, don't you, Victor? You always have to bring chaos wherever you go. You just can't stop yourself, can you?! You're not going to this time. I'm not going to let you do that! [OTHERS LAUGH] [HE MUTTERS TO HIMSELF] [HE MUTTERS ANGRILY] The f*cking truth, if that's what you wanted... [HE MUTTERS UNDER HIS BREATH] Victor! I have a message from your brother. He says, "Go home." Yes, well, I'm not going home. Look, come with me, Victor. We'll go somewhere quiet and I promise you we'll find out what Callum plans to do about what's in those files. I'll make sure he leaves the hotel. Captain Ferguson wants to know how you got hold of the file. We pulled it out of the rubbish. Yes, we stuck our hands right into the sh1t and grabbed them. Not just one, we got 'em all! Don't worry. They're perfectly safe. They are all in my flat. Attention! Come on, everybody! There is a surprise waiting for you downstairs! Well, I don't know what I feel about this surprise, but you better come. Come on, come on! You know you're curious. [MURMURING] You were at Peenemuende. And you were at Nordhausen. I was, yes. And you worked on the V-2 rocket programme at the Mittelwerk plant. You lied to me. I didn't tell the truth, no. I could say, of course, that I didn't lie to you, Callum, because you've never asked me about what I did in the war. It was Miss Griffiths. If I had told the truth then, I knew there was a good chance of being arrested, of being separated from my daughter, maybe even not seeing her again. So, of course, I denied it. And? And that is it. The statement from a witness here, Callum, is not true. It's not true about me anyway. [CHATTER] Who knows where it came from, but what a present! It's going to put me out of a job. I won't to be able to compete with you, honey, will I?! You were aware of the conditions of the work force? The slave labour from Buchenwald Concentration Camp? The executions of those accused of sabotage, the beatings, the hangings? People starving to death? Of course some of these things went on. The conditions were appalling. I'm not going to sit here and deny that, but I was never involved in ordering executions or ever witnessed any, or knew anyone who was carrying them out. And that is the truth. Then, why were you named in this statement then from a witness? That you ordered some executions? I was very well known in Germany by then, famous as the jet-plane man, just like Wernher Von Braun was the rocket man. Everybody working on that site knew about us. So, people assumed that everything that happened was done in our name... was what we wanted. But I say again this was not true in my case. I was, in fact, at Nordhausen for only three months, I was working in an office on the edge of the site, and I did not order anybody to be killed. I absolutely did not. [BUZZER SOUNDS] I think somebody wants you. Go and deal with it, Ringwood. I realise you don't believe me. It doesn't matter what I believe. The Government will protect you from any danger of prosecution. So,  you  don't believe me? Did I say that? [BUZZER SOUNDS URGENTLY] Go and be with your daughter. Frau Bellinghausen? So, where is my normal policeman? Captain Ferguson is extraordinarily busy at the moment. "Extraordinarily busy"? I've not known him be that before. So, my business will have to wait? Just right at this moment, it has to wait. You can tell him I want to make progress now. That might encourage him to find the time for me. [DANCE MUSIC PLAYS] You can't just stand there, Callum! You've got to dance! You see how unnecessary my music is?! Look at this! I wish you hadn't told them they were here. Why on earth did you do that? I had to. We stole them, Victor. We didn't steal them! We rescued them! It's their property though! If any good is going to come of this, I have to cooperate with them. My brother's not going to waste any time, he's going to come after them tonight. Not tonight. He knows he doesn't need to do that. [CHRISTMAS CAROLS PLAY FAINTLY] Have you come to wish me a Happy Christmas, Ferguson?! Quite the opposite sir. I had no idea about any of this. Otherwise, I would have told you, naturally. Oh, I know that you would, sir. Of course this makes no difference to his work for us. He has to finish it. Do you want to stop now? It would be a complete bloody nuisance if you did. Is that why you've come to spoil my Christmas party? To tell me that? No, that's not what I'm saying... not yet. But we need to move him right now as a matter of urgency. We can't run the risk of him bolting to the Americans because he thinks we don't believe him. Do you believe him? Maybe. I'm not sure yet. We'll see. He can live at the Research Facility. We can keep him under constant surveillance easier there. He'll have to have his daughter with him... she'll need to be driven into London to school every morning... This is Ferguson's plan, is it? Yes. And there's more. More? We need to run a check in Germany on what he really did during the war. Why? Because we should know the facts, shouldn't we, sir? Something might happen, it's important that we know. And we have two further problems... my brother and Miss Griffiths. Oh, for f*ck's sake! She's not still around, is she?! I have a plan for that, too. For both of them, in fact. [VEHICLES APPROACH] Army! Army! Army! [SHOUTING] What on earth is it?! We're authorised to search this house. I told you! Who sent you? [CLATTERING, SHOUTING] Callum did, of course! Don't take them yet! Not until my brother gets here. I'm telling you! You don't need to do that! For Christ's sake! Is that really necessary? I'm going to get shot, am I, for fishing things out of the rubbish?! All right, princess, what's our next selection? One day, there'll be one of mine in there. [PERCUSSION PLAYS] I always knew that, sooner or later, I'd get arrested again, but I didn't think it'd be by my own brother! All right, let him go. Let him go! Ah! You've made things very difficult, Victor. I want to see you at the hotel at three o'clock tomorrow afternoon... without fail. And That's an order, is it? I'm not sure you can give me orders, can you? Miss Griffiths, you have no more of our files in this house, have you? Or anywhere else for that matter? I have not, no. And I have to say, sending all these men to get them is totally ridiculous! What's going to happen to them now? Captain Ferguson, I think it would be a good idea if we met to discuss what's happened. That won't be necessary. But you will be hearing from me. I have a surprise for you. She has been allowed to keep all the clothes from the fashion show. You have so much luggage, Lotte! It's like a princess arriving! Come. This is where it's going to happen, Lotte! We're going to test the engine and break the sound barrier! If we're allowed to get that far. We will get that far. Ooh! Darling! I ran! Out of the office, into a taxi, up the stairs! Suddenly, I had an hour or so to spare. I saw a chance to see you in daylight for once. That's a lovely surprise. It's madness, isn't it, that I have so little time at the moment? It is mad, yes. And I just wanted to make sure that you were OK, that you were happy? That I was happy? Yes. Of course I'm happy. Are you? Good. I was so proud of you at the fashion show and everything. You must do more. You went behind my back and you stole the files. They weren't yours any more. You threw them away. I was ordered to do that. Well, you don't usually do everything you're ordered to. Come with me. Going to put me in chains? In a way. The hotel lost property. Things left behind or things damaged during the war. No-one's had a chance to sort it. So, that's what you're going to do. Am I? Yes. You see, everything's all muddled up. You can start by putting together anything that belongs together. That's what you're good at, Victor. You wanted a job here after all, and you're going to get paid. Do I have a choice? You have no choice, no. I have to somehow stop them locking you up. This way, I can keep a close eye on you. When do I start? Now. Right, I have an appointment to go to... but I will be back. [DOOR SLAMS] Am I in the right place? You're in the perfect place. By the Nazi's suite how more romantic could you get? Oh, well, I have a surprise for you. Goodness. That is an improvement! Did you get your staff to do it? No, believe it or not, I did it all myself. Well, most of it, anyway. Now, it's our own private withdrawing room. Sir! I'm so sorry, sir. Yes, Ringwood? It's her again. Of course, it is. It's always her. I'm so sorry. I won't be a moment. Mrs Lombard here was having a look at some of the suites in the hotel. She has friends coming over from America very shortly. Please, take all the time you want. You have been extremely neglectful, Mr Ferguson. I have, and I apologise. You're not going to make an excuse? No. I have a very good excuse, but I won't trouble you with it. That's a good decision. You did arrange a very satisfactory tea companion for me I have to admit, so I forgive you. Now, the moment has come, I think, when we have to explore whether you and I can really do business. We can't put it off any more. You are absolutely right, and we must do that. But not today, unfortunately. You're too busy again?! Today, yes. I am. Well, we will have many days of negotiation, so I was not intending to start today. But I suggest you get  less  busy again very quickly. And I will. I couldn't borrow two of those, could I? This is a very lovely smell. Good. Thank you. The only problem is he saw us here, your Mr Ringwood. Now, the whole hotel will know about us, and our private withdrawing room. No, they won't. And besides, everybody here believes exactly what I tell them. That's not true. Well, I don't for a start. For a few weeks, at least... we can have everything we want. Can we? Alex came rushing back from work at lunchtime today... it's the first time he's done that. I don't think he knows, though. Do you think he does? I'm not sure. The funny thing is he keeps encouraging me to do more here. Well, then, you must. I bet... we get interrupted. Nobody's listening this time? Absolutely not. Victor? Victor?! [HE GROANS] Victor! Don't panic! I'm still here. You haven't made much of a start. Look, you can go now. Are you really going to keep me caged up in here every day? You're not caged. What if I don't turn up one morning? Well, you will, because you know this is a good idea. This way everything can work, Victor, including me finding out about Dieter... and I can keep you informed. You bet you will. Are you going to help that funny chap Harold find his secret file, by the way? I am, as it happens. And I've worked out how to do it. Tell me. I'm going to use Dieter's name, it's obvious, it gives me access to everything. I'm not going to waste time writing some stupid letter, I'm just going to go straight to the Foreign Office... No. Yes, I'm going to say Dieter told me he first came to England before the war... to discuss cooperating on a commercial jetliner. And because of the political ramifications, there was a meeting at the Foreign Office about it... No, no, don't! Don't do it, Callum! And, of course, it happened the same week as the meeting Harold is interested in, but I can't be sure of the exact day... so I'm going to say I need to see all the files for that week. No, no, no... it is madness, OK. They will trace it straight back to you! What? A man from T-Force asking about aeroplanes? They couldn't be less interested in that. You think you can get away with absolutely anything at the moment, don't you? I think I can make Dieter finish his work, certainly. And I can help Harold expose the bastards that missed such a golden chance, and, of course, I can keep you out of jail. I think I can do that, yes. My contact over there says he's refusing to speak to anyone at all. But at least he's still in prison. And not looking that happy about it. Yes, but unless we can get some witnesses to give evidence at his trial, he may well get off. And, of course, most of the witnesses are dead. Is this a present, Callum? In a way, yes. Feminine scent. A little unusual for a gift, perhaps, but very kind! I like Victor's library. Especially the stained glass! He has definitely a gift for organisation. Your brother is a talent. If only he could find a way to use it that makes him happy. I know. I would like to propose a deal to you, Harold. A deal? That sounds intriguing. I will get your top-secret file for you. How? With the letter I suggested? We still need to find a way to protect you in that case. Don't worry, I think I know how to do it. But you must discuss it with me, first. Of course. And in exchange for me getting it, I need you to spend time with the perfume lady. Ah... I wasn't expecting that! Distract her, keep her occupied. And if, by any chance, you manage to get the formula out of her for this bloody scent. That would save me an awful lot of work. 
 
 [KEYS CLACK] [VEHICLES APPROACH] [COMMOTION] Start unloading! Which one of you is, Miss Griffiths? That's me. That certainly is a surprise. Good Lord! Captain Ferguson has arranged for us to stay in this office for a few more months. Why has he done that? I sent a telegram. Captain Ferguson, T-Force. I believe I'm expected. I've requested to see some files from a particular week in 1938. It's a rather urgent matter for those of us who love aeroplanes. Callum gave me this bottle of perfume... Oh, one of them was for you, was it? It is a delightful smell. It is. Do you want to know what's in it? How it's made? I would be fascinated to hear. I'm certain you would! Why don't you try to guess. Orange possibly? Peach? No, no, no! No peach or orange. Let me give you a little help. Eau de cologne, for instance, contains, amongst other things, lemon, tangerine, lime, grapefruit, lavender, rosemary, jasmine, and tobacco. None of those are in there. You know, it's sad Captain Ferguson sent you to do his work for him. We will have to keep jam jars on our desks at all times clearly. So, why do you think we've been sent these now? To keep us occupied, I guess. To get us off their backs. Exactly. And no doubt they've sifted through them for anything that might get in the way of their work. Yes. Maybe they've removed everything of interest. But you never know. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be here. But the meeting definitely did take place on this week. I couldn't have a look at Saturday's file, could I? Saturday? There are very few meetings ever held here on a Saturday. Please. It is rather important. Don't worry. I won't go anywhere. Any luck? There were no meetings on that Saturday. So, what is going to happen here? You're going to change everything? People spouting poetry?! Hopefully, not "spouting". But I thought I could try something different here once a week. Take a risk! And you'll be part of it, Eva, please? I will. Good. But they'll be fighting for the exit, there'll be a stampede to get out of here, you know? Almost certainly. Hello, Victor. I'd heard you were sorting this stuff out. You all right? Yes. I'm honoured to have a visitor here... especially you. I rarely see anyone. I was told there was an old chandelier somewhere here and I just wanted to take a look at it. I'm planning a sort of gala event in the basement. It's over there. It is rather beautiful. Mmm. You sure you're all right? It must be really difficult being down here on your own. No, no, I can do this job. It's sometimes I... have these memories, when it comes back, the fighting. I'm sure everybody has them, it's nothing special. But I was caught up in the merry show at Monte Cassino, which was quite a battle. And, sometimes, it... Nothing. It's gone for the moment! Callum has them, too, you know? Does he? I'm sure he'll tell you one day. And so will I. But, right now, I have this  vital  job to do, as you can see. Extraordinary. It's all here, yes. The plan to overthrow Hitler before the war. Did you read it? I didn't no. I wanted to, I just didn't think I should until... Quite right. Thank you. And you really got it just by strolling into the Foreign Office with that ridiculous story about aeroplanes? I did. I wish you hadn't done that! I told you to wait, didn't I? I told you to wait and to discuss it with me. And you promised to do that. Well, I saw a chance to get it and so I decided to do it. You shouldn't have done that, Callum! That was completely irresponsible and reckless! And stupid! Why on earth did you do it?! You wanted the file and so I got it for you. I don't know why you're so angry. I mean, it's my neck on the line, not yours?! Exactly, and that's what worries me! I can't bear to think of the appalling trouble you could get into because of this! I couldn't forgive myself! That is not going to happen, Harold. I'm absolutely certain. I never thought... You'd ever see me on my hands and knees painting?! Exactly. I could have sent someone to do that for you. Would that be somebody from the Army or the hotel? Or do you run both now? I can paint a backdrop myself, for Christ's sake. [PHONE RINGS] Which may or may not change, depending upon how I feel. Don't look at me, it's going to be for you. All right. No, it won't. Well, it can't be. It always is, Callum. Oh, it won't be! Hello. I have a call for Captain Ferguson. Captain Ferguson, I've found somebody I want in the files you gave me. Oh, good! I'm glad they were of use. Yes, they were. And thank you. She's called Birgit Mentz. She worked with Kleinow. They interrogated many of our agents together and tortured them, before they were executed. She's, therefore, a crucial witness. You're holding her at a place in Colchester. No, no, no, no. That's not us. That'll be MI19. So, there's nothing you can do, then? Did I say that? How about this? I get her brought to London so that you can take a look at her. Will they let you do that? If she's proving not much use to anybody... I expect they will. Fraulein Mentz. I'm Kathy Griffiths. I realise you've only been here in London for a few hours, but they're treating you all right, are they? I would try to say it in German, but I know that you speak good English. I've come to see you, because I have a proposition to put to you. Lotte! Not sure you should be here. This is a restricted area now. But I'm sure we can make an exception for you. Come on! I'll show you round. It's changed a lot, hasn't it? Of course, you know your father's a genius. Who's a genius? You... are a genius. He knows it, of course, but he likes to have it said at least once a day. [MUSIC PLAYS] At least! Come, Lotte. [HE SPEAKS IN GERMAN] [DOOR OPENS] How did that go? Not well. She wouldn't talk to me or even look at me, really. Thank you for getting her here, though. There's no need to keep thanking me. You won't get anything out of her locked up in this place. She's not going to agree to give evidence like this. You have to get to know her. Take her for a night out. Take her out?! Yes, for a drink, a night on the town. That's a ridiculous idea! It'd be a total disaster. You have to take a chance. Is this what I do or not? What if I lost her? What if she ran away? Bring her to the hotel. And buy her some new clothes. [MUFFLED MUSIC PLAYING] [DOOR OPENS] I brought you a drink. Thanks. Feeling guilty, are you? About what? Keeping me guarded like this. Punishing me for finding the file about Dieter. I'm not punishing you, Victor, and it seems like it's going rather well. I'm working for you, really, since you're running the hotel now. By the way, I've given the files that you pulled out of the rubbish back to Miss Griffiths. Turns out they're proving rather useful. Seems what you did paid off, after all. [DOOR CLOSES] Good evening, Kathy. You looking forward to this? Not exactly. It feels very strange, taking her out. I thought it might. So, Julia here is kindly going to lend a hand. Hello. It's bloody freezing, isn't it?! I shouldn't be wearing this. As always! I thought it might be easier with the two of you, not just you alone. But, you see, you're not going to be here? Even in the beginning? No, I can't. I have an engagement. Don't worry, Julia here's been thoroughly briefed. Besides, you'll get on much better without me. Well, thank you for being here. God knows what's going to happen! Yes, well, we'll just plunge in. I'm not sure there's a good way of doing this. Callum seems to think I have a talent for entertaining Nazis. [SHE CHUCKLES] Here she is. Welcome to the Connington Hotel, Fraulein Mentz, where, nowadays, everybody has a good time. They've got the heating on full blast and it's making no difference at all! I'm so glad you agreed to this meal. Of course, I'd agree. I must apologise for my extraordinary outburst. You managed to take me completely by surprise. No, no, no. I'm sorry, it's just my favourite way of working, always seems to get me results. So... It was really useful, was it, the document? It's dynamite. Everything is there. The people that turned down the chance, or, at least, the very real possibility of getting rid of Hitler in 1938. If that military coup had actually happened... There might not have been a war. Exactly. They're all named those that were present at that crucial meeting and the evidence they were given. It absolutely confirms that these German generals who were going to launch the coup... the only thing they wanted was for us to announce that we'd definitely go to war if Hitler invaded Czechoslovakia, that's all they required to trigger the coup. Because they felt the German people had no appetite for war at that moment... and, therefore, they could justify their action. So, are you going to make this all public? Yes, but how I do it needs very careful thought. The best chance I have, I think, is at a Foreign Office dinner they're giving in my honour, if I can reveal it suddenly, in a seemingly spontaneous way in my speech, then... the information could have come from any number of people, couldn't it? Yes! And I have a journalist friend I trust, who I will make sure is there that night to hear it. I love the idea of shaming those responsible, putting a bomb under them, not letting the guilty men get away with it! You could cause a sensation, Harold. A sensation would be good, even a small one. I'm pretty sure I've never caused one before. Do you like the movies Fraulein Mentz? A little. I haven't been to one in a long time, of course. Well, we should try and do something about that. I'm in the movies! Well after a fashion, I've just did my first one. I had my own dressing room. Very thin walls. I could hear everything the actress did next door, including having s*x very loudly during nearly every lunch break! Made me quite jealous. Awful, isn't it? But I admit it! During the war, I had so many lovers. Much harder now, of course. Come on, Mr Ferguson, you've no business in there. Marvellous, aren't they? Thank God seafood isn't rationed! And, of course, you have every excuse to gorge yourself tonight. The plan. But, you know, I would never do anything that would endanger you in any way. Of course, I know that. I hope it's obvious. I've grown very fond of you and your brother. You both have such energy... and anger, too, of course. Well, rage more like! Hopefully not rage. That can get one into serious trouble. You know the strange thing about me, Callum, and I would never say this to anyone else because it can be misinterpreted, but I have a great capacity for love, for parental love in particular. If one is allowed to say that about one's self. Of course one is. I have no children, as you know, but there is Lucy, thank goodness, my brother's child. He and his wife were killed in the war. We came off very badly as a family. My wife, too, of course. Three deaths. So... I have this talent for loving people and the need to use it. I've never told anybody that. I'm glad you've told me. Men betray us, don't they? Do they? Always. They do, and they get away with it nearly every time, because they think we're not going to do anything about it. Something will always stop us. But it doesn't need to. I have to go now. Well, that was a bit clumsy, wasn't it? I was a bit loud. I didn't really get her to say anything at all. No, you did brilliantly, thank you. Well, it's good preparation for me, at least. I'm going on tour tomorrow up North, to do a funny old play called Daggers Drawn. I play a murderess! [THEY LAUGH] My God, fog now? Ice and fog what more can they throw at us tonight?! We'll never get a cab, Callum. [TRAFFIC BUSTLE, SHOUTING] Oh, yes, we will. You're forgetting how competitive I am. Come on, let's get ahead of this lot! [TRAFFIC BUSTLE] [HAROLD GROANS] Harold? Harold! Harold! What's happened? Get me home. What's happened?! Taxi! Can you move, Harold? Taxi! Taxi! [HAROLD GROANS] Stop! Stop! Get the hell out of the way, I'm booked, mate. No, you're f*cking not. This is an emergency! Can you move? Harold! Nod if you can move. Up we go. Up we go, that's it. [HE GASPS FOR AIR] To the hospital! Just take me home. It's the oysters. Bloody oysters! [HE BREATHES CALMLY] I thought you were dying, Harold. That you'd had a heart attack. Or the Intelligence Service had poisoned you because of your plan. You would think that. It's because you're one of them. It was the oysters. I overindulged massively. Thank you... for being so good to me. Don't be stupid. I promise I'm not going to conk out yet, not a bit of it! I've got so much to do. Both of us have. So, we're getting closer to the big day as you can see. First, we do a test for ourselves, of course. Well, we've been getting close for quite a while now. What are we talking about? When can we see something? A few weeks. A couple of months? A couple of months?! You're getting impatient now, Callum, are you? A little, yes! I need results as much as anybody. Yes, of course. And now I have something else very special to tell you, Callum. Before I tell you, I need to know something. Callum, do you believe me? About my work at Nordhausen? I'm doing my best to believe you. I hope you check the facts in any way you can. We are in Germany. But I haven't received any information back yet. Then hurry them up. The reason it's so important you believe me is I like to think we're almost friends. If there is such a thing as "almost friends"? Well, I'm not sure that there is. but it doesn't matter. We are friends. Good. So, I can tell you. Nobody must know this. It's a total secret. But I'm getting married. Married?! Yes, married! We haven't told anybody so far. Not even Lotte knows yet! I knew you two liked each other, but marriage?! That is a surprise, Dieter... Oh, no! Excuse me, Callum, not her! I'm not marrying her... as much as I like her. Well, then, who the hell are you marrying, Dieter?! Doesn't she look enchanting? She does. My friend, another thing I haven't told anybody, except her, of course, I love her so much. It's the most amazing feeling. It's still a secret, of course, I will tell Lotte nearer the time. Oh, come to help, you two? Not before time. We open in two hours! The big question is, will anybody show up? [HUM OF CONVERSATION] So, I want to welcome you all here... [DRUMROLL PLAYS] Thank you! I've never made a speech after a drumroll before. I've hardly ever made a speech at all. But I just wanted to say a few words about the purpose of this evening and I sincerely hope that it won't be the last one. It is a mixture of music and poetry, some of it old, a lot of it new. It is, if you like, like jazz and classical all muddled up together. There are no boundaries here, no categories. But to make you feel at home, we're going to start with the familiar. So please, welcome... the wonderful Eva and her musicians. [APPLAUSE] But with something new! Hang on, everybody! [THEY PLAY FAST SWING MUSIC] Now I'm doing this because I know how terrifying it is reading in public. I am, in fact, terrified, because I don't usually make a habit of doing this performing. But I know if I do it, however badly, others of you will come up and read your poetry to us. Now, I'm no poet myself, of course, but I would like to read a poem by a fellow American, Emily Dickinson, who is not nearly as well known in London as she should be, in my opinion. [SHE CLEARS HER THROAT] I taste a liquor never brewed From tankards scooped in pearl Not all the vats upon the Rhine Yield such an alcohol Inebriate of air, am I And debauchee of dew Reeling, through endless summer days From inns of molten blue. Victor! What are you doing here?! That's not much of a greeting. I need to talk to you urgently. Can you wait outside? Victor, I only have a second. Yes, now, I have to tell you this, because it is very important. I've got some more files! I buried some in the garden. Buried some in the garden? Yes, now, I've just dug them up, so I haven't had a real chance to read them yet, but... I think there may be some really good new information there. And I thought that we should go through them together. Well, we're a team now, aren't we? And it works best together so... Victor, I can't at the moment. You're too busy for that? You can't be! I've made an important contact, Callum helped me meet her. She worked with Kleinow. I'm seeing if there's anything I can do to get her to give evidence at his trial. I'm spending some time with her. I see. Taking her out in the evening, are you, for a few drinks? Giving those Nazis a whale of a time! Everybody's doing it now, aren't they? You and Callum... Yes, I'm using his methods, because they might just work. Listen, Victor, I really appreciate your wanting to help, but I have everything I need right now. I must go. So, you just don't want the files? Yes, that's what you're saying? You're not interested?! I'm not saying that, of course. But, Victor, I have to go. I don't want any trouble, please. It's the last thing I need tonight. So, I've become trouble now, have I? That's so easy to say about me, isn't it? No, no. Victor, I have to go. The Winter Cottage. Dead shore that lies beyond the cottage walls Crunching under my feet in moonlight, scaly cold... [DOOR OPENS] I'm going to be very bold, Frau Bellinghausen. Bold? Do you think that's a good idea? Probably not, and this may be the last conversation we ever have, but I'm going to suggest you leave this room tonight, and sample a little of what's happening. Go downstairs? To see this event? I couldn't possibly do that. I find it so difficult to be with other people at the moment, in a crowd of any sort. You won't need to go downstairs. You're almost there. Goodness! Is this for me? Yes, I had it prepared this evening. And now, for an aria by Handel, accompanied by Jack here, who usually plays jazz trumpet as you've seen and he has never done this before. Two sides of music coming together. [SHE SINGS ARIA] [SINGING NEARBY] This is surprise. That's Handel! A German in London. And I was an Englishwoman in Germany. [TRUMPET ACCOMPANIES SINGING] Yes, the trumpet playing is marvellous, isn't it? Yes. Music is such a strong force, isn't it? Provokes such thoughts inside one. Go! Go! Go down there, please. Don't miss it all because of me. That would be ridiculous. I don't have to leave yet. Please, I have my own waiter and everything. What luxury! [CRASHING] Ah! Just thought I'd drop by to say hello! Mr Ferguson! Your brother is not here. No, no, I can see that. I thought I'd show you I can get back into this hotel without anybody at all noticing. I also thought that it was time to tell the world about what's going on. How we're giving Nazis a night out on the town and lovely new lives if we think they're worth it. I'm pretty sure people would be very interested to hear about that, don't you? Victor  (on tape):  I thought I'd show you I can get back into this hotel without anybody at all noticing! I also thought that it was time to tell the world about what's going on. How we're giving Nazis a night out on the town and lovely new lives if we think they're worth it. I'm pretty sure people would be very interested to hear about that, don't you? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 