Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Us Against The World - Resurrection 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Us Against The World https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=197&t=12210 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/02/14 18:19 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Us Against The World 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on Resurrection... 
 You said finding Jacob's remains inside the coffin would make sense to you. 
 Like a carbon copy was made. 
 Mr. Richards? 
 I don't know what you're hiding, or why you're lying about what happened to you 13 years ago, but I promise you, I'm gonna look under every last stone of your life until I find out. 
 You don't belong here. 
 What? 
 (Henry) I remember our Jacob. I just can't let him go. 
 How could you? 
 He hardly ever sleeps. 
 And he eats all the time. 
 And he's been sneaking around. I saw him. 
 I've been watching him. I know who he is. 
 Can I help you? 
 I didn't have anywhere to go. 
 Rachael. 
 Did I really die? 
 (Loud hammering) 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 (Hammering continues) 
 Dad... (Chuckles) 
 (Dog barking in distance) 
 why are you still up? 
 Almost done. 
 (Hammer clatters) 
 Looking good, huh? 
 Not bad. 
 Not bad? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 It's a masterpiece. 
 (Giggles) 
 (Chuckles) Hey, you want some? 
 Oh... 
 You're not 19 anymore. 
 (Thunderclap) 
 Hey, I'm sorry about the noise. 
 We should have this all painted and done by tomorrow. 
 Mm. 
 Well, I like the hammering. 
 I haven't slept this well in a long time. 
 It's nice knowing you're here. 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 You know I'd never let anything happen to you, don't you? 
 Yes, dad. 
 You're the most important thing in the world to me. 
 I bet you forgot how you used to pretend you couldn't sleep, and you'd come out here and sit with me. 
 I wasn't pretending. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Sitting out here... it felt like it was just the two of us. 
 Mm. 
 You remember what we used to say? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 It's us against the world. 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 And it still is. 
 Mm. 
 (Bird calling) 
 Us against the world. 
 ♪ 
 (Fly buzzing) 
 (Light switch clicks) 
 Looks like blunt-force trauma with an object about an inch and a half wide. 
 You'd have to ask the coroner to be sure. 
 Remind me you're here again, Maggie. 
 Agent Bellamy wanted my medical opinion. 
 You were a cop long enough to know what a medical examiner does, right? 
 Watch your step. Blood. 
 (Fly buzzing) 
 Do you recall an armored truck robbery 13 years ago? 
 The one in Arcadia Bank & Trust. 
 What about it? 
 I'm thinking it was Caleb Richards. 
 What's that have to do with this? 
 Well, hear me out. 
 Caleb robs the armored truck 
 13 years ago, goes to bury the money by his hunting shack, drops dead of a heart attack. 
 Well, we never caught the guy who did that robbery, but there's no evidence that it was Caleb. 
 Because he died that day. 
 He was at his hunting shack two days ago digging holes. 
 I don't think he found what he was looking for, but inside one of the holes I found what was left of a mask-- 
 probably one used in the robbery. 
 Okay. I'm listening. 
 The way I see it, Mr. Getheard here found Caleb dead, took the money. 
 No one's the wiser. 
 Caleb comes back... 
 Realizes the money's gone, figures out who took it... 
 Here we are. 
 You realize you two are finishing each other's sentences, right? 
 Look. 
 Caleb had a few run-ins with the law-- small stuff. 
 Nothing like what you're saying. 
 Jimmy, anything on the murder weapon? 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 Look, we have the same goal here. 
 (Sighs) 
 I think I know where the murder weapon is. 
 You  think  or you know? 
 Yesterday when I was talking with Caleb, he was washing off a hammer. 
 Not to be funny, but how often do you wash a hammer? 
 Okay. 
 You and I will go. We'll talk to Caleb, okay? 
 (Police radio chatter) 
 You know, Elaine's dad is a lot of things, but a murderer? 
 (Camera shutter clicks) 
 It doesn't make sense. 
 You knew Caleb before he died. 
 This Caleb... might not be the same. 
 So you think... this behavior is a result of Caleb returning from the dead? 
 (Camera shutter clicks) 
 Maybe. 
 (Camera shutter clicks, police radio chatter) 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 I'm sorry. 
 Tom. 
 Just a window. 
 Not that. 
 Please don't. 
 (Sighs) 
 I can't believe this is happening. 
 How are you here? 
 I woke up in the middle of a cornfield... three days ago. 
 I don't know how I got there. 
 I met a family. 
 They told me I was in Parishville, New York, and that 12 years had passed. 
 There's, um... there's some blankets in, uh, that cabinet. 
 You can, uh, stay here tonight. 
 I'll come back in the morning. 
 I know somebody you can talk to-- 
 maybe help. 
 Is there really someone who can help? 
 Yes. You're not the only one. There's others. 
 What? 
 It's, uh... it's late. 
 I'll, uh, see you in the morning. 
 Wait, Tom. Wait. 
 Please don't tell anyone I'm here. 
 I have to tell my wife. 
 Other than that, no one will know. 
 You found someone? 
 (Gasps and sniffles) 
 (Clicks tongue) 
 (Voice breaks) That's good. 
 You said there were others. 
 Did they kill themselves, too? 
 No. Just you. 
 (Footsteps ascending stairs) 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 (Gasps) 
 (Sighs) 
 (Sighs) 
 (Sighs) 
 (Exhales) 
 (Switch clicks) 
 (Thunder rumbling) 
 (Rustling) 
 Mom! 
 (Spoon clangs) 
 Mom! 
 Jacob! 
 (Dog barking in distance) 
 (Girl) Did you see the ghost boy? 
 (Boy) Yeah, what'd he look like? 
 Hey! 
 Hey! Get out of here! 
 (Boy) Let's go! Go! 
 (Barking continues) 
 (Lucille) Henry, come quick! 
 (Gasping and moaning) 
 Get his medicine. 
 (Breathing heavily) 
 It's okay! 
 (Sighs) 
 You're okay, sweetie. 
 You're all right. (Sighs) Come on. 
 It was just a small one. 
 (Grunts softly) 
 (Lucille panting) 
 You're fine. 
 (Breathing heavily) 
 You're safe. 
 (Exhales and kisses) 
 (Lucille panting) 
 (Jacob murmurs) 
 Okay. You're safe. 
 (Exhales) 
 Good. Okay. You are all done. 
 Why don't you go down, play your videogame? 
 (Claps hands) Maybe you can beat Marty's high score. 
 How is he? 
 He's fine. 
 You know, we'll keep an eye on him. 
 If he has another seizure, we might have to explore some different treatment options. 
 Okay. Good. 
 Jacob doesn't know I found these. 
 How long has he been doing this? 
 I changed this bed yesterday. 
 (Wrappers rustling) 
 I found these last night. 
 But ever since he's been back, he's eating nonstop. 
 He hasn't been sleeping. 
 Last night, I don't think he slept a wink. 
 (Lowered voice) 
 It's different... than before. 
 He's different? 
 (Breathes unevenly) 
 (Normal voice) And I don't know what to do. 
 All right, we'll figure it out. 
 Why don't you... why don't you bring him by my office and we'll run a few tests, okay? 
 (Exhales) All right. 
 (Chuckles) Okay? 
 Thank you. 
 Oh, Maggie? 
 Please don't tell Uncle Henry about all this. 
 I don't want to worry him. 
 I'm supposed to have lunch with Christine Grant today. 
 (Exhales) 
 You know she's just an earpiece for Helen. 
 Get all the info she can out of me and report back. 
 (Clattering) 
 Janine, we need to talk. 
 (Sighs) 
 Tom, you know it scares me when you do that. 
 Just say it. 
 There's something I should tell you. 
 Um... something I-I should have told you. 
 Okay. What is it? 
 Before we met, before I was pastor... uh, there was a woman I loved. 
 12 years ago when we were still together, um... she drove her car off a bridge... and died. 
 We all thought... it was an accident. 
 You know, it had to be, but... investigation revealed that, uh, she didn't step on the brake. 
 She... sh-she actually accelerated, and, uh... you know, she-- she did it on purpose. 
 (Sighs) Tom, I-- 
 I-I don't know... 
 (Stammers and sighs) 
 That's horrible, honey. 
 Why wouldn't you tell me that? 
 I don't know. I, um... 
 It was a painful time, you know? And I, uh... 
 I just wanted to put it all behind me, you know? 
 Okay. 
 Why are you telling me now? 
 Because she's back. 
 Like Jacob and Caleb, she's back. 
 She showed up at the church last night and... she needed help, and I let her stay the night. 
 All this time, and you've never told me about her? 
 When have we ever hid anything from each other, painful or not? 
 It's because of how much you loved her. 
 Janine. Janine. 
 Seeing Rachael last night reminded me I'm a different person now. 
 I love my life with you. 
 And she was gone. 
 (Breathes unevenly) 
 Dead. 
 Obviously not gone. 
 I don't want anything to come between us. 
 I won't let it. 
 Good. 
 Then you know what you have to do. 
 (Knocking on door) 
 (Crow cawing) 
 Hey, Elaine. 
 You remember Agent Bellamy. 
 Uh, of course. 
 (Train whistle blowing in distance) 
 We wanted to come by, check on you, see if everything's okay. 
 Mind if we come in? 
 (Chuckles) Sure. 
 Hiya. 
 Ray. 
 Ray, I know. Mechanical genius. 
 This guy once fixed Maggie's bike tire with a roll of dental floss. 
 It was no big deal. 
 Is your father home, Elaine? 
 Um... wh-wh-why? 
 I'll get right to the point. 
 We need to speak to him in connection with a murder. 
 A  murder?  Who? 
 Dale Getheard. 
 Dale's dead? 
 (Fred) I'm afraid so. 
 Elaine, are there any weapons in your house? 
 Firearms? 
 Um... 
 What about that shotgun from the other night? 
 I'll get it. 
 (Sets object down) 
 Do you know where your dad was two nights ago? 
 My father did not kill Dale. That's ridiculous. 
 Is that your father's toolbox? Mind if I have a look? 
 (Sighs) 
 What are you looking for? 
 (Fred) It's okay. 
 Okay, look... 
 (Hammer clatters softly) 
 we're gonna go ahead and hold on to that toolbox for the time being. 
 The gun-- 
 it's gone. 
 (Door opens) 
 (Lucille) Come on, Jacob! 
 We'll be late for your appointment! 
 (Jacob) 
 I'm looking for my shoes! 
 They're in the living room underneath the TV. 
 We'll be back soon. 
 Loo, hold up. 
 I called Fred. 
 (Sighs) 
 He's gonna stop by the Gundys', put the fear of God into that boy for that prank he pulled last night. 
 And that's gonna fix it? 
 I'll have Fred put a car out front at night till we feel safe. 
 (Scoffs) 
 About what I said yesterday about letting Jacob go-- 
 that came out wrong. 
 How long have you been accusing me? 
 Of what? 
 Of not loving my son enough? 
 Oh, Loo, that's-- 
 Letting him go was not a betrayal. 
 (Sighs) 
 It was right, and that's what you need to do. 
 (Sighs) 
 (Inhales sharply) 
 (Exhales) 
 From the start, you accepted that child as our Jacob. 
 But what if he's not the same? 
 
 
 
 (Keys jangle) 
 (Door creaks) 
 (Door closes) 
 Tom! 
 Helen. 
 Good morning. 
 "Good morning"? What is going on? 
 What do you mean? 
 Tom, please. 
 You want me to believe that you don't know what's happening under your own roof? 
 Look, Helen, um... 
 I was just trying to help someone in need. 
 Tom, somebody has broken a window. 
 There are some kinds of stains all over the floor. 
 After the money we have spent on renovations, I-- 
 There was a break-in. 
 (Gasps) 
 Nothing was stolen. Um, I just-- 
 I haven't had a chance to call in for repairs yet. 
 Why were you going in the basement? 
 Helen, we should, uh... we should call a repairman. 
 Don't you think we-- 
 What's down there? 
 Nothing. 
 I want to see. 
 Helen, there's nothing. 
 Helen! 
 (Door creaks) 
 (Fred) It's the same mask. Shotgun. 
 It's him. 
 (Police radio chatter) 
 With Caleb dead and no money found, of course nobody thought of him for this. 
 And the bank where Elaine works. 
 It all makes sense now. 
 What's that? 
 For security reasons, armored-car vehicles are on a rotating schedule. 
 Only a bank employee could've known when it would be there. 
 You saying Elaine had a hand in helping her father? 
 No-- no, no, no. No way. 
 She's a good kid. She would never. 
 Caleb must've gotten access to her computers or files or something without her knowing. 
 Is this smoke? 
 Yeah. 
 That's all part of how it went down. 
 (Fred) Armored car pulled in around midday. 
 Time stamp on the photo puts it at 1:35. (Tires squeak, parking brake sets) (Engine stops) (Door opens) (Flicks lighter) It was the usual drill-- one guard in for the pickup, other stands watch at the rear door. (Flame searing) (Beeping) (Door buzzes) What they don't know is our masked man here is setting fire to the bank manager's car. (Bellamy) To distract the guard from his post. (Fred) Right. (Flames whooshing) (Fire crackling) (Grunts) (Keys jangle) (Fred) It worked. With the guard unconscious and the keys to the truck, there was nothing stopping him from grabbing the money and getting out of there untouched. That's why the armored car company changed their protocol and put a third man inside. So there was no third man back then. (Door clicks) (Cocks gun) (Grunts) (Motor rumbling) Oh, my God. Call an ambulance! (Alarm ringing) I got a man down at Arcadia Bank & Trust. (Alarm continues ringing) (Men shout indistinctly, radio chatter) (Sirens wailing, indistinct conversations) (Indistinct conversations) (Sirens wailing in distance) Sheriff, over here. (Cell phone rings) He did it again. (Maggie) - Who? Caleb. Wait, what? He robbed the bank again. Same as last time. Is everyone okay? Is Elaine there? (Vehicle door closes) Uh, yeah. Yeah. She's okay. A guard got shot. I don't know if he's gonna make it. Oh, my God. How's Jacob? Well, I'm looking at his test results, and I've never seen anything like it. His metabolism is through the roof. Lucille says he's not sleeping. But here's the thing. You remember what Ray told us? Uh... Caleb has the same symptoms. Not sleeping, eating all the time. I think there's a connection. Okay. Call me when you know more. (Line ringing) (Lowered voice) Come on, dad. Come on, dad. (Ringing continues) Answer the phone, please. Please answer the phone. (Line beeps) (Click) Hello? (Caleb) - It's me. (Gasps) Oh, my God, dad. Oh... I need to talk to you. Listen, Elaine, I'm going away for a while, okay? What? Wh-what do you mean? Just for a little while. I'll come back. You know I always do. I got some business. An old friend of mine has a real estate deal lined up in Ohio. It's gonna be a real profitable thing. You'll see. Wait-- Sweetie, I got to go. My ride's waiting for me. Dad, wait-- (Beep) (Phone clatters) (Sighs) (Sighs) Who was that? Your father? What? You're ridiculous. You think he did this, too? The cops are gonna come looking for your dad, and when they find him, they're not gonna see a loving father. I just don't want anyone else to get hurt. (Indistinct conversations) Could it be related to his epilepsy? Well, he's always had the epilepsy, so I'm wondering if this is related to his return. (Phone ringing in distance) (Exhales) He's been through a lot. Could it just be nerves? No. I-- Maybe there are some medical files from back then that I could-- Forget about back then, Maggie. He's the same boy. I didn't say he wasn't. When I saw him sitting in my living room, everything-- my body, my mind, my soul-- knew that this is my child, exactly as he was. But what if... (Balls clattering) Okay. Why don't-- why don't you go home? Okay? Get some rest. I'll spend some time with him. I'll take him for ice cream. (Chuckles lightly) Maybe he'll open up to me. Okay. You're gonna be a good mother. Ray? I'm heading out for a few days. I already told Elaine about it. (Rustling) The bike's working great, by the way. It's purring like a tiger. And don't worry. I'll take good care of her. Ray? Have you seen my toolbox? (Ray speaking indistinctly) Who are you talking to? No one. What did you do, Ray? (Sirens wailing) (Tires screech) (Sirens continue wailing) He's gone. Yeah, just make sure that we have the north side of Montgomery covered. Okay. I thought you had cars posted outside. We had all cars to the robbery. How the hell did he get away so fast? Maybe he didn't. You had roadblocks up. Maybe he never made it out of town and he's hiding somewhere. (Thunder rumbling) What? I saw Elaine on the phone at the bank after the robbery. I think she might have been talking to her father. You don't think that she's helping him? She might be, even if she doesn't realize it. (Exhales) (Crow cawing, door closes) I thought you quit. (Huffs) I did. (Breathes deeply) Hey. (Sniffles) (Sniffling) (Sobs softly) Do you think your father did those things? (Breathes sharply) Remember in grade school when those kids used to pick on Ray all the time? Mm-hmm. One time, I got so angry, I threw a rock and hit one right between the eyes. (Both laugh) I was so scared my dad was gonna whoop me when he found out what happened, but he-- he went over to their parents', and he warned them never to bother us again. I've only ever felt safe when my dad was around. I know it's hard, Elaine. So what exactly did they say about Dale Getheard's murder? How did you know who was murdered? Hmm? Who have you been talking to? (Gasps) (Stammers) You knew, and you didn't tell me. No, I'm sorry. - Maggie, why would you keep that from me? I wa-- I didn't know what to do. I-- Elaine, you need to face facts. (Bellamy) Ms. Richards. I already told you, I-I don't know where my dad is. All the same, Elaine, we have to ask you some more questions. You're gonna have to come with us. Huh. (Scoffs) (Indistinct conversations) (Woman laughs) (Speaking indistinctly) (Indistinct conversations) Am I gonna be okay? Yeah, you're gonna be fine. Did you figure out what kind of ice cream you want yet? I always get the same-- mint chocolate chip with sprinkles. Oh. Man of conviction. I like that. You know, you've been through a lot these past few days. Is everything okay? People look at me like... like I'm weird. Who does? Those teenagers last night. My dad. Do you think you're weird? When I was a kid, I had an imaginary friend named Dummo. And Dummo would say all the dumb things I was thinking but didn't want to say out loud. Pretty weird, huh? You know, it's good to have a mom who loves you as much as yours does. Some people don't have that. But even when you do, sometimes... you hold things in. To try to be strong. 'Cause you don't want to worry her. But you know you can tell your mom things, right, Jacob? You can also tell  me  things. 'Cause I'm your family, too, right? We just passed Caleb. What? Where? I'm not sure. My dad's old factory, I think. Jacob, how do you know that? I can feel him. Elaine, I know this is difficult, but both times that armored truck was robbed, you were working in the bank, yes? Yeah, but-- He knew exactly when and where it'd be. The schedule was always changing, so how could he have known unless someone tipped him off? He didn't do this-- any of this. Your position at the bank gives you access to the schedule. Isn't that right? Mr. Langston, you know me. I wouldn't have any-- El-Elaine, just answer his questions, sweetheart. Did your father have access to your office in the past few days? Did he use your computer? No. What about the phone call outside the bank? That was him, wasn't it? I know he's your father, but if he used you, is he really worth protecting? What did he say to you? (Breathes deeply) He said he loved me. (Sighs) (Knock on door) There's someone here to see you, Sheriff. It's urgent. I'm sorry, Sheriff, but he was insistent. Since Gary's your friend, I thought-- I know. It's okay, it's okay. So is it true? My cousin Dale-- is he dead? Hey, hey, hey. I'm sorry, Gary. Well, do you know who it is? Did you at least get the guy? Hey, hey... Fred, tell me. Hey, we're doing everything we can. I'll let you know when we know. (Scoffs) Okay? Hey, why don't you go home and let us do what we do, okay? Come on. (Sighs) (Exhales) Dad. I think I know where Caleb is. How? Jacob told me. (Frogs croaking, sprinklers hissing) I figured if you wanted to find me, you'd know where. (Chuckles softly) (Rachael) Nice to see that some things don't change. I couldn't decide if I should come. Why not? Didn't know what I'd find. I don't want to die. Not anymore. But I wish I hadn't come back to find you'd moved on. It feels like I'm being... punished. You're  being punished? Damn it, Rachael, you hurt us-- me, your family. How could you be so selfish? I didn't plan it. Not that that's an excuse. I was driving home over the bridge and I just thought, maybe this could be it. It could all end tonight. I wouldn't have to pretend to be happy. You could have someone who really deserved your love. Why? Why did you want it to end? You could have talked to me. And said what? You believed in me. And I wanted so much to be that person. But I hated myself... for falling short time and again. (Scoffs) We had our whole lives ahead of us. And we were gonna spend them together. And we still can. I went to the church. I went there to tell you you have to leave... for the sake of my marriage. But when I got there... when I got there, and you were gone... (Exhales) (Voice breaking) I felt like I lost you all over again. (Breathes unevenly) I couldn't go through that-- not again. I don't want to go... but I can't stay. You have a nice time with Maggie? Yeah. You think you can sleep? Not really. I try, but it's hard. Do you want me to lie down with you for a little while? (Switch clicks) (Moans softly) Maggie doesn't have a mom. I know. It's sad. (Fan creaking, flames crackling) (Sirens wailing in distance) Us against the world, Laney. (Pours water, fire sizzling) (Sirens grow louder) (Siren wailing) (Tires screech) How do we know we're in the right place? This is my family's place. If he's hiding here, it's right through those doors. (Gun cocks) You smell smoke? Caleb Richards! This is Sheriff Langston! Come on out now! Come on, Caleb! Haven't enough people got hurt today? Let's get this over with, Caleb! We're gonna have to go in there. Caleb! (Doors click) Don't move! Don't move! Put your hands on your head! On your head! Come towards me. Slowly. Nice and slow. Right there. Don't move. (Handcuffs clicking) He's clean. Okay. I got him. Come on. Come on. It's over. (Thunder crashes) No. It's just beginning. (Thunder crashing) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 