Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x16 - There goes the neighborhood - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x16 - There goes the neighborhood https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6254 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/03/10 12:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x16 - There goes the neighborhood 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Miss Gibbon's House] 
 (Anna is going down the stairs) 
 Anna: Hey Beth-Anne 
 Anna: what are you guys watching? You guys have been watching the same thing the whole time? There are over one hundred and fifty channels. It's called a remote control. This button changes the channel. Hold it like this. 
 (Anna is going into the dining room and finds Frederick feeding on Miss Gibbons)  
 Miss gibbons: Did you get enough sweetheart?  
 Frederick: For now 
 Miss Gibbons: Anna, are you hungry? Did you want a little? 
 Anna: No, thank you misses Gibbons. Why don't you lie down for a while and get some rest? 
 Frederick: She's fine. Aren't you Miss Gibbons?  
 (Frederick raises his eyes into Miss Gibbon's eyes)  
 Miss Gibbons: Off course I am. I'm fine. 
 (Miss Gibbons is leaving. Anna and Frederick exchange looks)  
 [Matt's house]  
 Matt: Hey mom! Mom? 
 (Matt is knocking on his mother's room door)  
 Matt: hey mom? 
 (Kelly opens the door) 
 Kelly: what? I'm trying to sleep. 
 Matt: I was just making sure you're alive. 
 Kelly: I'm sorry sweety. It was a late night. My head is throbbing  
 Matt: I would appreciate it if you wouldn't bring the party home. And I'm pretty sure the neighbors would appreciate it too.  
 Kelly: it wasn't a party, it was one guy, don't be so judgy. 
 Matt: well, I talked to Roberta at the grill and there's still a bartending position open if you want to … get a job. 
 Kelly: I figured she'd still be pissed about the last time I went there. 
 Matt: I think she's desperate. 
 Kelly: I'll check it out. 
 Matt: Yeah? 
 Kelly: Don't look so surprise. 
 Matt: Well, I mean… I didn't know how long you planned on staking around. 
 Kelly: Well, there's background due 
 Matt: he's back everything mom. 
 Kelly: Like I said, I'll check it out. 
 (Someone is knocking on the door)  
 Kelly: who's that? 
 Matt: It's Caroline 
 (Kelly is making a face)  
 Matt: Easy 
 (Kelly raises her eyebrows)  
 Matt: Yeah come in! 
 (Caroline opens the door and enters in the kitchen)  
 Caroline: Hello misses Donovan 
 (Kelly gets up and leaves the room)  
 Matt: Hey, ok. Well we're going to be late. So let's get going. 
 (Matt is going towards Caroline)  
 Caroline: yeah 
 Matt: Hey 
 Caroline: hey 
 Matt: How are you? 
 Caroline: Good 
 [Mystic Falls high school] 
 Stefan: Damon hasn't said a word to me. Every time I try to talk to him he shuts me down 
 Elena: Do you think he's still trying to find Katherine? 
 Stefan: I don't know. He waited a hundred and forty five years only to find out that Katherine could not care less. And he's got hurt right? 
 Elena: And it couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. 
 Stefan: You have every reason to be upset of him. Have you thought any more about what you're going to do? 
 Elena: About what? Isobel, my vampire birth mother, who's related to my vampire ancestor Katherine, who screwed over your vampire brother? Nah… I haven't thought about it at all 
 Stefan: I'm sorry I brought it up 
 Elena: it'd just be nice if we could get through one day without having to deal with any of it. No vampire mother or brother 
 Stefan: no vampires at all? 
 Elena: no vampire, but you. I just want to get us back to normal stuff like school and homework and here the thought: fun 
 Stefan: ooh, that sounds good to me, when do we start? 
 (They laugh and leave)  
 Matt: We can watch a movie at my place 
 Caroline: With your mom and a six pack? 
 Matt: You know… you don't really help the situation. You could at least try to be nice 
 Caroline: Oh… I'm sorry. It's hard for me to show kindness to people that hate me. I'm not that evolved. 
 (Matt raises his head and look at Elena and Stefan. They kiss each other. Caroline turns her head and look at them too. And turns her head to look at Matt)  
 Caroline: So, a movie tonight? 
 Matt: Wherever you want to do it's good for me but I'm late and I got to go ok? 
 Caroline: ok  
 (She moves in for a kiss but he leaves)  
 [Miss Gibbons house]  
 Pearl: The keypad is for texting which is what to do when you want to avoid talking to someone 
 (Harper pushes a button and we can hear a message from Jeremy. Anna rushes towards the phone)  
 Harper: I didn't break it I swear 
 Pearl: I was just showing harper what you taught me. What a marvelous device! 
 Harper: Who was that? 
 Anna: Jeremy Gilbert 
 Harper: Is that your boyfriend? 
 Pearl: off course not 
 (Pearl gets up and looks at Anna)  
 Pearl: What do you think? 
 Anna: Very respectable 
 Pearl: That's the goal. I can't say that I miss corsets 
 Anna: Susie Sunshine gave me her car keys and her credit card 
 Pearl: what's that? 
 Anna: I'll explain later 
 (Frederick waits outside the room. Anna and Pearl leaves the room)  
 Frederick: Where are you going? 
 Pearl: We have some business in town. We'll be back as soon as we can. I trust that you'll keep an eye on things 
 Frederick: So, I'm the baby sitter now? 
 Pearl: Frederick, if this is going to work we have to cooperate with one another 
 Frederick: So you saying 
 Harper: I'll watch things miss Pearl  
 Pearl: Thank you Harper 
 (Anna and Pearl leaves the room. Harper and Frederick exchange looks)  
 [Mystic Falls high school]  
 Caroline: I'm thinking nothing huge, just a dinner at the grill maybe a late movie 
 Stefan: You mean a double date? 
 Caroline: Two pairs out on a Friday night coupled. Yeah a double date 
 Elena: Do you think that's a good idea? 
 Caroline: Why not? We all haven't gone out together before and I don't want it to be uncomfortable for us. Look the couple dynamics have changed and there's been a little awkwardness between you Matt and me and I just think it's important that we get over it 
 Elena: I don't know 
 Stefan: I think that's sound like a great idea 
 Elena: you do? 
 Stefan: yeah. A nice evening out with friends. Sounds fun, like in "fun" 
 Elena: A double date it is 
 Caroline: ok. So, we will see you tonight 
 Elena: ok 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Damon enters in the house. Anna and Pearl are waiting for him)  
 Pearl: Hello Damon 
 Damon: Ever hear of knocking?  
 Pearl: An invitation wasn't necessary. I'm surprised that no living person resides here. Is it just you and your brother?  
 Anna: yeah. How do you keep out unwelcome vampires? 
 Damon: I kill them 
 (Damon runs towards Pearl and tries to strangle her. Pearl twists his wrist and push him on the floor)  
 Pearl: Have a sit Damon. I was hoping we could have a word 
 Damon: Sure  
 [Jeremy's bedroom]  
 (Jeremy is on his computer chatting on a vampire's website)  
 Jeremy: "How do you become a vampire?" 
 Talker: "Brad Pitt changed me" 
 Talker: "Go to Vegas ask for Wayne Newton" 
 Jeremy: "How do you kill a vampire?" 
 Talker: "The blood of Paula Abdul" 
 Jeremy: "Serious answers only please" 
 Talker: "Stake in the heart always works" 
 Jeremy: "You're a believer?"  
 Talker: "Aren't you?" 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 Pearl: we've taken a residence at a farmhouse just outside the town. It'll suffice for now. 
 Damon: All 25 vampires? 
 Pearl: Not all, some. I imagine that a few have already left town. Others are probably still in the woods or like us acclimating. 
 (Damon looks at Pearl and Anna)  
 Damon: How did they get out of the tomb? 
 Anna: I think the witches screwed up that part of the occus pocus 
 Pearl: I understand from Anna that the founding families still have a secret council? 
 Anna: And you're a part of it 
 Damon: That's ridiculous 
 Anna: I've been in Mystic Falls since the comet, Damon. I'm up to speed. 
 Pearl: And so I'm I. And now that you've infiltrated the council, I need to know everything they know. Starting with a listing names of all the council members and their families 
 Anna: And everyone you've supplied with verveine 
 Pearl: That will have to stop immediately 
 Damon: What exactly are you trying to achieve? 
 Pearl: Mystic Falls is our home, Damon. They took that from us. Our land, our home. It's time we rebuild 
 Damon: what, are you crazy? It was 1864. Wake up woman. The world has moved on 
 Pearl: As a reward for your help I'm willing to give you what you want most 
 Damon: I want nothing 
 Pearl: Katherine 
 Damon: You won't even know where she was. You've been on the ground for the last century and a half 
 Pearl: Katherine and I were best friends long before we came to Mystic Falls, Damon. I know how she thinks, I know her patterns, I know where to find her 
 Damon: I no longer had any desire to see Katherine ever again. And there's no way in hell I'm gonna play the role of your little minion 
 (Pearl gets up and pushes Damon on the couch)  
 Pearl: I'm not asking for your help Damon. Finding Katherine was just a mere gesture of kindness. The rest in not negotiable 
 (She puts her fingers in Damon's eyes and pushes him on the floor)  
 Pearl: I have four hundred years on you, little boy. I'll rip you from limb to limb without even blinking and you know it. I'll be in touch. 
 (Pearl and Anna leaves the house)  
 [Elena's house]  
 (Stefan in knocking on the door. Elena opens it)  
 Elena: You got me flowers 
 Stefan: I figured it's a date, I wanted to do things right. I would have driven too but you're the one with the car  
 Elena: You know, you think that for someone who was around when the car was invented you should have one 
 Stefan: oh, I have one. I just never drive it 
 Elena: You know, it's not too late to cancel 
 Stefan: Why we would do that? 
 Elena: I don't know, it just seems surreal. Like we weren't meant to get to the normal part 
 Stefan: That's exactly why we're going to do it. We're going to go out, have some fun and try to remember that we don't have to be so serious. Listen, when I decided to stay here and get to know you, it so that I could do things like this. Bring my girlfriend flowers, to go out on a date, and try to be normal 
 Elena: "Have you ever even been on a double date before?" 
 Stefan: Oh, absolutely. '72, Hef and the twins. 
 Elena: What? 
 Stefan: Yeah... playmates. I got Miss June. 
 Elena: Are you serious? 
 [Somewhere in Mystic Falls]  
 (Jenna is waiting for Anna and Pearl in front of her brother in law's office)  
 Pearl: Miss Sommers? 
 Jenna: Yes. Hi Pearl 
 Pearl: Hi. This is my Daughter Annabelle 
 Jenna: Of course, Jeremy's friend 
 Anna: Nice to see you Miss Sommers 
 Jenna: oh, Jenna, please. This property was in my brother in law's family for generations. It's one of the originals structure in Mystic Falls. It used to be one of those old fashioned drugstore 
 Pearl: An apothecary?  
 Jenna: Yeah 
 Pearl: You don't say 
 (Anna sees Jeremy)  
 Jenna: Sorry if it's a little musty 
 (Anna is watching Jeremy walking)  
 Jenna: No one has been here for months 
 Pearl: I'll use my imagination 
 (Anna is still watching Jeremy)  
 Pearl: Annabelle? 
 Anna: I'm coming mother 
 (They are entering the office. Jenna is holding the door)  
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Kelly is at the bar. Damon sits down next to her. He wears sunglasses)  
 Kelly: What's with the glasses inside? 
 Damon: My eyes were a little sensible today  
 Kelly: You're new around here 
 Damon: On the contrary, I'm very old 
 (Talking to the bartender) 
 Damon: Bourbon, neat 
 Kelly: I haven't been gone that long. I would remember someone who looks like you  
 Damon: Yeah. Where did you go? 
 Kelly: Around, about 
 Damon: I've been there 
 Kelly: I love to see a man drawn his sorrows. It's so sexy 
 Damon: It's more like nursing my wounds. And you? 
 Kelly: I was supposed interviewing for the bartender job but I think the manager blew me off 
 Damon: Well, that's not very nice 
 Kelly: Yeah. Last time I was in town I slept with her boyfriend 
 Damon: That's not very nice either 
 Kelly: It happens 
 Damon: Yes it does 
 (Jenna arrives)  
 Jenna: Kelly? Kelly Donovan 
 Kelly: Jenna! 
 (They hug each other)  
 Jenna: I heard you were back in town. (To Damon) She used to Babysits me 
 Kelly: And then I used to party with her 
 Jenna: This woman is crazy 
 Kelly: Not as crazy as you 
 Jenna: I'm not anymore 
 Kelly: Well sit, drink! 
 Jenna: I shouldn't. I'm responsible now. Haven't you heard? 
 Kelly: Well, take a night off its good for the soul 
 Damon: Great for the soul 
 (Jenna sits down with Kelly and Jenna)  
 Jenna: This is not going to end well 
 Damon: Can't wait 
 (They raise their glasses and clink their glasses)  
 [Miss Gibbons House]  
 Frederick: I hate this house 
 Beth-Anne: It's better than the tomb 
 Frederick: I didn't stay locked for a hundred and forty five years to end up locked here 
 Harper: Maybe you should quit complaining 
 (Frederick gets up and walks toward Harper)  
 Frederick: You're going to stop me?  
 Beth-Anne: Let it be Frederick. You heard what Pearl said 
 Frederick: I don't care what Pearl said. (To Harper) What you got boy? 
 (Harper gets up and pushes Frederick on the couch. Frederick pushes Harper against the wall) 
 Frederick: Try it again 
 (Pearl arrives and strangles Frederick)  
 Pearl: Back off. We don't fight each other. There are other rules 
 Frederick: And I'm tired of your rules. I want to go out of this house. Why can't we go out on the town? 
 Pearl: Eventually. But for now we have to keep a low profile. 
 Frederick: No one knows who I am 
 Pearl: The Salvatore's brothers do 
 Frederick: And I wish to hell that I can run into them. There are the reason we were caught in the first place 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 Elena: So, Matt, How do you like working here? 
 Matt: It's not that bad. Wait staff is pretty good and they can't keep a bartender to save their lives. I actually put my mom off to a job. 
 Elena: How it has been? Having Kelly back? 
 Matt: You know, same old Kelly. She's trying, sort of. 
 Elena: Kelly and my mom were best friends growing up. That's how Matt and I first met, we shared a crib together 
 Stefan: You're kidding? 
 Matt: No, we have known each other our all lives 
 (Elena and Matt look each other. Caroline sighs. Everyone turn his head and watch Damon, Kelly an Jenna drinking together)  
 Matt: You got to be kidding me 
 [Miss Gibbons house]  
 (Frederick and Beth-Anne are going out the house. Harper caught them)  
 Harper: Where are you going? 
 Frederick: Beth-Anne and I are going out for a bit. Hit the town, kick up our heels 
 Harper: We're not supposed to leave. Miss Pearl made that very clear 
 Frederick: You're going to stop me? I didn't think so 
 (Harper watches them while they leave the house)  
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Someone is knocking on the door. Jeremy goes down the stairs and opens the door. It's Anna)  
 Jeremy: Anna? 
 Anna: surprised? 
 Jeremy: I thought you and your mom were leaving town 
 Anna: Change of plans. Sorry, I thought you'd be psyched 
 Jeremy: No, no, no. I mean… I am. Of course I am 
 Anna: Alright then, step aside 
 (Anna enters in the house)  
 [Mystic Grill]  
 Jenna: Don't be grumpy. It can't be that bad. 
 Damon: You'd be surprised. My primary reason for existence has abandoned me and after today's events, the remains of the shakey ground that I walk on are about to go kaboom. Let's get hammered. 
 Kelly: Lets 
 (They clink their glasses)  
 (Caroline, Elena, Stefan and Matt are at the pool table. They're watching Damon, Kelly and Jenna)  
 Caroline: At least they're having fun 
 Elena: They're drunk 
 Matt: Remember when Elena's parents busted us here after the homecoming? 
 Caroline (laughing): Oh my god yes! 
 Elena: Well, we were wasted; there was the first time I ever got drunk. I blame Matt 
 Matt: her parents got seats at the next booth 
 Elena: And Matt and I were pretended that I was choking so we can get away 
 Matt: Except that her dad was a doctor so he jumped out to save her 
 Elena: And I ran, slipped on the wet floor and beat it in front of everyone. Do you remember that? 3 stitches, a hangover for days and I was grounded from seeing this one (She looks at matt) for a week 
 (Matt and Elena look at each other and laugh) 
 Caroline: I'm gonna go to the restroom. Elena? 
 (Jenna sees them)  
 Jenna: Hide. We're not here. 
 Kelly: Why? Where'd we go? 
 Jenna: Children under our care. Five o'clock. This is not good 
 (Kelly turns her head and sees them)  
 Kelly: Damn! 
 
 
 
 [Gilbert's house]  
 Jeremy: What made you and your mom decide to stay in town? 
 Anna: She got this business opportunity; she's going to open up a little store. It has always been her dream. So yeah we're staying. And I'm thinking to going back to high school, so you'll be seeing a little more of me. 
 Jeremy: Yeah? 
 Anna: Enough of homeschooling. I'd like to be a normal teen for once. But I have to ask my mom first, she'll have an opinion 
 Jeremy: well, I wish you were there now. I actually have to write another paper. I was thinking about squeezing one more add on "the vampire in Mystic Falls". 
 Anna: Really? Haven't you exhausted the subject? 
 Jeremy: No, I want to go deeper you know. I want to understand why people reliable those vampires back in the day. I mean, maybe there's such a thing has vampires, they're just different from the way we always thought they were. 
 Anna: what do you mean?  
 Jeremy: Well, maybe they're normal and good, just outsiders you know? Um, misunderstood. 
 Anna: You're kidding right? 
 Jeremy: Don't you think it could be possible? You did give me all that info 
 Anna: Jeremy, I made it up ok? You were cute and floppy and I wanted to make a good impression 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 Matt: Is there anything you're not good at? 
 Stefan: Double dating. This is all kind of new to me. I usually keep to myself. I don't always fit in. 
 Matt: That's because you're that guy 
 Stefan: What guy? 
 Matt: The guy who seems like he has everything, so the people that don't, kind of run the other way 
 Stefan: Is that what I seem like? 
 Matt: Pretty much 
 Stefan: Hmm... What a dick! 
 [Mystic grill's restroom]  
 (Elena is washing her hands. Caroline is sitting behind her)  
 Caroline: So hum, what are you doing? 
 Elena: What? 
 Caroline: Well the point of this was to show him how much you care about Stefan. You don't have to talk about your past 
 Elena: I was just trying to make conversation 
 Caroline: Try less 
 (Caroline leaves the restroom, Elena run after her)  
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Elena is walking after Caroline, she passes next to Frederick. He sees her and catches her arm)  
 Frederick: Katherine? 
 Elena: I'm sorry, you have the wrong person 
 (Caroline waitin for Elena)  
 Caroline: Elena, come on! 
 Frederick: My mistake 
 (She's returning at the pool table with Matt and Stefan. Frederick looks at her)  
 Elena: How's everything going? 
 Stefan: Matt's cheating 
 Matt: No need, I'm awesome 
 Frederick (watching them): Stefan Salvatore 
 Stefan (to Elena): Everything's okay? 
 Elena: Everything's great 
 (She writes him a text message and shows it to him)  
 Elena: "That man over there just called me Katherine"  
 (He walks toward them but they're already gone)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Elena parks her car. She discusses with Stefan)  
 Stefan: So, you didn't recognize, you haven't seen him before?  
 Elena: No, there was nothing familiar about him at all 
 Stefan: Right, let's cut off the night. Ok? Sent Matt and Caroline home? 
 Elena: No, the whole point of the night was to not have to deal with this stuff. We need to get through one night. One normal night. 
 Stefan: You're sure? 
 Elena: No I'm not sure, but I don't know what else to do. Look, if there's another vampire in town, he'll still be here tomorrow. We'll deal with it tomorrow 
 Stefan: Ok 
 (Matt and Caroline arrive. Matt parks his car)  
 Stefan: It's them. Come here 
 (They look at each other and then Stefan approaches and kiss Elena)  
 [Salvatore's House]  
 (Caroline, Matt, Stefan and Elena are going into the living room)  
 Caroline: This is much better than watching Damon visit cougar town. (To Matt) No offence 
 Matt: Don't remind me. (To Stefan): Men I've always wanted to see how it looks like in this place 
 Stefan: Yeah, it's uh… a little bit too much 
 Matt: Yeah, my entire house could fit in it like twice 
 Caroline: It's like I've been here before. It's weird 
 (Elena is uncomfortable and changes the subject)  
 Elena: Do you guys want to watch a movie or something? 
 Matt: Whoa; these are great! 
 (He's going towards Stefan's miniature cars collection)  
 Stefan: This is uh… a little hobby of mine 
 Matt: I did the entire Mustang series when I was 9 
 Stefan: You like cars? 
 Matt: It's an understatement 
 Stefan: Come with me 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Damon is playing with a cherry)  
 Damon: So, the thing about cherries, you have to…  
 (Kelly puts her finger on Damon's lips. She puts a cherry on her mouth)  
 Damon: Oh my goodness 
 (He takes the cherry on Kelly's mouth with his mouth)  
 Damon: That's amazing, you were fast 
 Jenna: That would be my queue 
 Kelly (looking at Damon): You're given up already? 
 Jenna: Oh yeah 
 (She leaves the bar)  
 Jenna: See you guys  
 [Salvatore's Garage]  
 (Stefan opens the garage door)  
 Stefan: Prepare yourself my friend 
 (He removes a tarpaulin from a car)  
 Matt: Wait, how do you have this? 
 Stefan: She was passed down through the family  
 (He opens the car's door) 
 Matt: Why don't you… I mean… Why don't you drive it? 
 Stefan: Well, it doesn't run. I mean, it's not that I could figure out  
 Caroline: Why would you keep a car that doesn't run? 
 Matt: Be more of a girl right now 
 (Caroline laugh) 
 Stefan (to Matt): Hey, want to come take a look at this for me? 
 Matt: Elena, remember the old Camaro you're dad used to have? 
 Elena: Of course 
 Matt: I built and rebuilt that engine 20 times 
 Stefan: wow 
 Caroline: I don't like sports cars; they're too hard to make out in 
 Matt (looking at Elena): It wasn't that bad 
 (Elena and Matt look at each other, uncomfortable. Caroline leaves the garage. Elena goes after her)  
 Matt (to Stefan): I'm sorry men 
 Stefan: No, no, no. Don't worry about it. You and Elena, you guys have an history and ignore it doesn't do anybody any good  
 Matt: She's good with you. You know I wasn't sure but she's happy and I'm glad 
 (They look at each other)  
 Matt: Alright, just take a look at this 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Jenna is going out. She breaks her heel. Frederick looks at her)  
 Frederick: Need some help? 
 Jenna: Damn it! Stupid shoe 
 Frederick: I'll pick up the other foot 
 (He breaks the other heel and gives it to Jenna)  
 Jenna: Thanks, I think 
 Frederick: Was it Damon Salvatore you were with? 
 Jenna: The one and only. You know him? 
 Frederick: we go way back. He still lives at Miller Lane?  
 Jenna: He lives in the old boarding house by Wickery Bridge. He's still in there if you want to say hi 
 Frederick: I prefer to stay here and talk to you 
 Jenna: Oh, nice. Very smooth with the shoe and the flirt. But, I'm a little drunk and a guy plus drunk me equals very bad things 
 (Frederick touches her face and try to compel her)  
 Frederick: I'm pretty sure you'd like it 
 (She laughs)  
 Jenna: Sorry. This was a seriously lame pick up. 
 Frederick: This is a nice scent you wear. What is it? 
 Jenna: I don't know (she laughs) it was a gift. And that is a cab so… 
 (She leaves. Frederick looks at her. Beth-Anne arrives behind him)  
 Frederick: Vervain... making it hard to find something to eat in this town  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Elena arrives to talk to Caroline)  
 Elena: Caroline… 
 Caroline: I don't want to talk about it 
 Elena: You're being ridiculous  
 Caroline: And insecure and stupid. But that doesn't change the fact that Matt's always gonna be in love with you and I'm always gonna be the back up 
 Elena: You're not the back up 
 Caroline: Yes I'm. I'm Matt's Elena back up; I'm your Bonnie back up 
 Elena: Now it's about me and Bonnie? 
 Caroline: You don't get it. Why would you? You're everyone's first choice 
 (They look at each other. Stefan and Matt are going out the garage with the car. They're going out the car)  
 Matt: Piece of cake!  
 (Matt looks at Caroline)  
 Stefan: You know what? Why don't you guys go ahead and take a first spin? 
 Matt: Really? 
 Stefan: Yeah 
 (Matt and Caroline are going into the car. Stefan and Elena look at them. Stefan embraces Elena)  
 Stefan: You're alright? 
 Elena: If it's not vampires its girlfriends 
 (They embrace each other)  
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Jeremy and Anna are in the kitchen) 
 Jeremy: alright. Rosbief, turkey, what do you want? 
 Anna: Let's do the works. Pile at high 
 Jeremy: Ok, I like your style. Would you get the bread for me? 
 Anna: ok 
 (She turns and goes take the bread. Jeremy looks at her and cut himself)  
 Anna: What are you doing? 
 Jeremy: It's just a cut. Can you bring me that towel? 
 (She looks uncomfortable)  
 Anna: I can't 
 Jeremy: You have a problem with blood Anna? 
 (He shows her his bloody hand and goes toward her)  
 Jeremy: What's the matter? It's just blood Anna 
 (He's still going toward her. She strangles him and push him against the fridge)  
 Anna: What are you doing? 
 (Her face is changing)  
 Jeremy: I knew it. (He shows her his hand) go for it 
 (She takes his hand and begins to drink. Jenna enters in the house. Jeremy rushes towards her)  
 Jeremy: Jenna! Hey, what's up? 
 Jenna: Regrets. Make sure you lock that up 
 (She's going up the stairs. Jeremy returns to the kitchen, Anna is gone. He looks at his hand and smile)  
 [Stefan's car]  
 Matt: Did I pass the driveway? 
 Caroline: Uh… I think it's up there 
 Matt: This is an amazing car. Did I pass? 
 (Caroline doesn't understand)  
 Matt: The whole double date thing was obviously a test to see how I do around Elena 
 Caroline: I don't know. You were reminiscing about the Elena years the whole night so… 
 Matt: Caroline that has come before. That cannot just go away  
 Caroline: I know that okay? 
 Matt: No you don't. Because, Elena turns you in a crazy person. Look it's my fault. I made it pretty clear earlier that Elena still means something to me. But all that talk, that was just two old friends with some memories. Tonight wasn't about me and Elena. I was there because I wanted to be with you. And I don't know what this means or what we are but I do know that you are the only person I want to be in this car with right know. And I don't know if that makes sense because I'm not really that good at expressing myself 
 Caroline: No, no. I think you're doing just fine 
 (They laugh and kiss each other. Caroline hurts herself)  
 Caroline: Sports cars… 
 (They kiss each other again)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Damon drinks and gives his glass at Kelly)  
 Kelly: Know that you've brought me here. (She drinks) What are you gonna do with me? 
 Damon: I'm going to… going to do this 
 (He kisses her. He pushes her against the wall. They kiss each other. Caroline and Matt arrives and interrupt them)  
 Matt: Mom?! 
 Caroline: Damon?! 
 Kelly: Oh my god matt! Oh my god 
 (She takes her things and leaves. Elena and Stefan arrive)  
 Matt: I got to… 
 Caroline: It's fine, just go 
 Elena (to Matt): I'll take her home 
 (Matt gives the key to Stefan and leaves. Caroline, Elena and Stefan look at Damon. He drinks)  
 [Miss Gibbon's house]  
 (Anna is going into the house. She tries to be discreet. Pearl arrives)  
 Pearl: Where have you been? 
 Anna: I needed some air 
 Pear: For Three hours? Tell me, where have you been? 
 Anna: Out, I was out 
 Pearl: Annabelle, don't do this. I can't fight you too. What? 
 Anna: I'm sorry 
 (Pearl embraces her)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 Elena: Sorry I'm bailing 
 Stefan: Just wish you let me drive you home 
 Elena: Normal people don't have chaperons, bodyguards or baby-sitters. We're normal tonight remember? 
 Stefan: I know, I just get so worry about you 
 Elena: Stefan, I can't live every minute afraid that someone is gonna come after me. I won't, it's not living 
 Stefan: Okay. Call me when you get home safe 
 (He takes her face and kisses her. She's going into the car)  
 Caroline: By Stefan 
 (He closes the car's door. He watches them leave and goes home. Frederick watches him while he closes the door)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Damon is in the living room. Stefan arrives and looks at him)  
 Damon: Don't look at me like that 
 Stefan: Are you crazy? 
 Damon: Save the lecture. Look… 
 (Frederick arrives through the window, jump into Stefan and put a piece of glass in his body. Damon arrives and begins to fight with him. Stefan removes the piece of glass. Beth-Anne arrives and begins to fight with Stefan. She pushes him on the floor, he takes a stake puts hit into her heart. Damon sends Frederick through the living room. Frederick looks at Damon and Stefan and then looks at Beth-Anne. He leaves. Stefan looks at Damon)  
 Stefan: I remember them from 1864. They were in the tomb. 
 Damon: Yeah... About that.  
 (They look at each other)  
 [Matt's house]  
 (Matt is going into the living room. Kelly goes after him)  
 Kelly: Matt… 
 Matt: I don't want to hear it mom 
 Kelly: Matty please… 
 Matt: Do you know what I was doing tonight, Mom? I was having fun, you know, trying to forget about all the crap that I have to deal with every day. Just enjoying a night with my friends. And then, there you are, wasted at the bar, where I work, by the way, to pay the bills that you don't pay. And then you're off acting like a freakin' kid, hooking up with some guy half your age. I'm the kid, Mom. You're supposed to be responsible for me. 
 Kelly: I know Matt 
 (He looks at her and leaves)  
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Elena is in the bathroom, she brushes her teeth. Jeremy arrives)  
 Elena: How was your night? 
 Jeremy: Ah... Same old. Same old... You? 
 Elena: Yep  
 [Miss Gibbon's house]  
 (Pearl is taking a bottle of blood in the fridge. Frederick arrives)  
 Pearl: So, where is Beth-Anne? 
 Frederick: She won't be coming back  
 Pearl: What happened? Where is she? 
 Frederick: Well, you were right.(He looks at Anna) We shouldn't have left  
 Pearl: No. Hungry? 
 (Frederick is still looking at Anna. Pearl is pouring blood in a glass. She takes the glass and wooden spoon. She holds the glass to Frederick and puts the spoon in his body. She puts down the glass and throws the spoon in the sink. She sits down and pours blood in a glass)  
 Pearl: Next time you'll listen to me.  
 (Anna smiles and looks at Frederick)  
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Elena is at the phone with Stefan)  
 Elena: I'm home, teeth brushed, and ready for bed. Save and sour 
 Stefan: Good good. I'm glad 
 Elena: Is everything alright? You sound serious 
 Stefan: No, no, no. Not tonight, you still have a few minutes left in normal. I'll tell you tomorrow okay?  
 Elena: I had a really nice time in our date tonight 
 Stefan: Such a liar 
 Elena: No, I'm serious. In a way it was exactly how it was supposed to be 
 Stefan: I had a really nice time too 
 (Elena hangs up)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Damon is putting Beth-Anne on the chimney)  
 Damon (to Stefan): Could you help me out a little bit? 
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Jeremy enters his bedroom. Anna arrive, Jeremy is scared)  
 Jeremy: What the hell? 
 Anna: I could have killed you! 
 Jeremy: Yeah, but you didn't 
 Anna: I should have 
 Jeremy: But you didn't 
 Anna: How did you know? 
 Jeremy: I knew this girl. Vicki. She was attacked by an animal, a bite to the neck. She started acting crazy, weird, and it seemed like drugs, but then you showed me those articles. And then I saw your face and how it changed the night in the cemetery when I kissed you. 
 Anna: You know you can't tell anyone, right? 
 Jeremy: Who would believe me? 
 Anna: You'd be surprised 
 Jeremy: Why didn't you kill me? 
 Anna: I don't know. Maybe I'm a sucker for guys like you 
 Jeremy: Like what? 
 Anna: Lost. Why would you confront me about it? Why would you risk it? 
 Jeremy: Because if it was true, maybe it's true about Vicki. And also because I want you to turn me. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 