Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x13 - Children of the Damned - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x13 - Children of the Damned https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6251 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/05/10 19:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x13 - Children of the Damned 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 In the woods at Mystic Falls in 1864. 
 Katherine:Please!Please, help us![Cart stops]Otis, my husband, 
 he's been hurt!Please help! 
 Man:What are you doing out here in the middle of the night?It's not safe. 
 Katherine:No. No, sir. It's not safe. 
 [She kills the both men ] 
 Katherine:And that's how it's done. 
 Damon:What happens to the bodies? 
 Katherine:Well, I'll take them into the woods And the other animals will finish them off. Are you sure you're ready for this? 
 Damon:I'm ready. I want you to turn me. 
 Katherine:When it's time. Kiss me. You should get a taste. 
 Damon:Sorry. 
 Katherine:Don't be. Soon you won't be able to get enough. 
 [Damon Kiss Her] 
 Elena wakes up next to Stefan 
 Elena: Good morning. 
 Stefan:I could get used to this. 
 [Damon's sitting on the bed] 
 Damon:Rise and shine,sleepyheads. 
 Elena:Damon! Please! 
 Stefan:What are you doing? 
 Damon:Oh, stop being smutty. 
 Stefan:Seriously,get out of here! 
 Damon:If I see something I haven't seen before,I'll throw a dollar at it. 
 Now listen,We have some very important business to discuss. 
 Elena:And it has to be right now? 
 Damon:Well, we have lots to do,now that we're all friends And working toward 
 a common goal. So, in order to open the tomb,We need to find the journal To get the grimoire to open the spells. First things first-since you are Elena Gilbert,You're on journal duty. 
 Elena:Since when am I helping? 
 Damon:Well, Stefan's helping,and you've taken up residence In Stefan's bed, ergo... 
 Stefan:You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. 
 Elena:I'll look for it tonight. Good. 
 Stefan:How do we know that this journal Will hold the location of the grimoire? 
 We're really going to take the word of this vampire? 
 Damon:In lieu of any other options. 
 Elena:OK, what exactly is a grimoire, anyway? 
 Damon:It's a witch's cookbook. 
 Stefan:Every spell that a witch casts Is unique unto itself,So every witch would document their work. 
 Damon:Yeah. Cookbook. 
 Stefan:What about our mystery vampire?Dimwit obviously wasn't working alone, 
 So whoever is out there knows who we are. 
 Damon:And I don't like that disadvantage, so...Chop, chop. You know, I really like this 
 menage-threesome team thing. It's got a bit of a kink to it.[He chuckles]Don't screw it up. 
 Elena:He does have-Oh, right, yeah. 
 Stefan:OK. 
 Elena:Oh! No, come here. 
 Stefan:We shouldn't- 
 Elena:shh. 
 Flashback in the past. 
 Katherine:What are you doing?Stop it! 
 Damon:Make me. 
 [knock on door] 
 Katherine:Yes? 
 Emily:Excuse me, miss katherine. Miss pearl is here to see you. 
 Katherine;I'll be down soon. Please ask her to wait. Thank you, emily. Fun's over. 
 Damon:Hmm, no. 
 [She kiss Damon] 
 Downstairs, Pearl's waiting. 
 Katherine:It's good to see you, pearl. 
 Pearl:Perhaps we could talk outside. 
 Katherine:Emily, would you please tell Mr. Salvatore That I've stepped away? 
 Emily:Which one? 
 Katherine:Both. 
 Katherine and Pearl step out. 
 Pearl:How long do you plan on staying with the salvatores?People talk,Katherine. 
 You, carrying on with both brothers,Doesn't help the situation. 
 Katherine:The Salvatore have been kind to take me in. As far as everyone here knows, 
 I'm a poor orphan girl from Atlanta,Lost her family in the fires. 
 Pearl:A match you lit,no doubt. Honey, please be careful. Honorary fell came by 
 the apothecary yesterday With a case of this elixir. She asked that it be sold at a reduced rate. 
 Katherine:I don't follow. 
 Pearl:Try it. 
 Katherine:What in hell? 
 Pearl:Verlaine. 
 Katherine:Why is there...they know. 
 Pearl:They're trying to find us, and they're getting crafty about it. 
 Katherine:The townspeople ingesting vervain, that's inconvenient. 
 Pearl:It might be time for us to move on again. 
 Katherine:No. I like it here. I'm not interested in leaving just yet. 
 Anna:Can we go, mama?Is something wrong? 
 Back to present Ann's calling someone 
 Anna:Hey, it's me again.Anna.Soccer chick And Foosball champion. I'll be at the grill 
 later, if you want,You know, a rematch, or whatever. 
 Ben:Who are you calling? 
 Anna:Jeremy Gilbert. 
 Ben:You're not, like,into him, are you? 
 Anna:I need him for something. Get over it. 
 Ben:Oh! Hmm!Damn it! 
 Anna:Dude, you gotta stop doing that. 
 Ben:I know. I just-I keep forgetting. 
 Anna:You're new. You'll get it. 
 Ben:You found the Gilbert journal? 
 Anna:Does that look like the Gilbert journal? 
 Ben:Well, it's old and musty,And how am I supposed to know the difference? 
 Anna:I don't know, I figured maybe, just maybe,You've been paying a little bit of attention since we met. 
 Ben: you know, you don't have to talk down to me. I'm not stupid. 
 Anna:Here.Drink.I don't want you getting itchy around the witch. She can sense 
 if you're weak. 
 Ben:When can we go hunting again?This tastes old. I want fresh blood. 
 Anna:When we get that tomb open,You can kill anyone you want. For now, 
 just stay focused on bonnie While I try to get the journal 
 back from Jeremy's teacher. 
 Ben:Why did you choose me? 
 Anna:I needed someone in a position to be my eyes and ears. Small town bartender 
 fit the bill 
 Ben:There are plenty of bartenders choose from. Why me? 
 Anna:You were sad Ben. You lacked purpose. You needed me. 
 Elena's packing a bag in a box. 
 Elena :Do you think Damon really believes us?That we're both trying to help him? 
 Stefan:I don't think Damon don't knows what to believe. Trust isn't something 
 that comes naturally to him. 
 Elena:You know...I really think that Damon believes That everything he's done, 
 every move that he's made,He's done for love. It's twisted,but kind of sad. 
 Stefan:There are other ways to get what you want. You don't have to kill people. 
 Damon has no regard for human life. He enjoys inflicting pain on others. For 145 years, 
 Every single time that I have let my guard down And let Damon back into my life,He's done something to make me regret that. I'm not going to make that mistake again. 
 Elena:So what do you think will happen If the tomb gets opened and Damon gets Katherine back? 
 Stefan:I think that no matter what Damon promises,A lot of people will die. That's Jonathan Gilbert. 
 Elena:What's this? 
 Jeremy:What are you guys doing? 
 Elena:Hey. Just going through some stuff,Feeling sentimental. Dad had this whole family journal from years ago. I thought I'd dig it up. 
 Jeremy:Jonathan Gilbert's journal? 
 Elena:Yeah, what do you know about it? 
 Jeremy:I just did a history report on it. 
 Elena:Oh. So where is it now? 
 Jeremy:I gave it to Mr. Saltzman. He wanted to see it. 
 Saltzman is reading The Jonathan Gilbert's journal. 
 Voice:I met Barnett and Giuseppe this evening. I saw the skepticism in their eyes 
 when I showed them the compass. 
 Flashback to year 1864.Giuseppe Salvatore , Barnett Lockwood and Jonathan Gilbert are talking about the invention of Jonathan. 
 Giuseppe Salvatore :We're supposed to believe that can track one of them? 
 Barnett Lockwood:What is it, magic? 
 Jonathan Gilbert :It's science. 
 Barnett:I'll believe it when I see it. 
 Giuseppe:I've been thinking about this church idea. I believe it could work. 
 Stefan:Excuse me, father. I didn't know you had guests. 
 Giuseppe:We'll be done in a few minutes, son. 
 Stefan:I'll come back. Forgive me, Mr. Gilbert,Mr. Lockwood. 
 Jonathan:Have you told them? 
 Giuseppe:Not yet. 
 Jonathan:Giuseppe, we need all the men we can get. 
 Giuseppe:I'll tell them. You can count on both my boys. 
 Back to present. Boltzmann copy some pages of the journal. He returns to his office. 
 Saltzman:Hello?Hello?Someone there? 
 He prepares a special gun and shot with it but Stefan catches the bullet. 
 Stefan:You shouldn't have done that. Have a seat. What is this, compressed air?Did you make it yourself?Who are you?I'm not going to hurt you...Unless you try that again. Now...Who are you? 
 Saltzman:I'm a teacher. 
 Stefan:Are we going to have to do this the hard way? 
 Saltzman:I'm also a historian. And while researching Virginia, I-Made a few discoveries about your town. 
 Stefan:So you show up like van helsing. Come on. Tell me the truth. 
 Saltzman:My wife was a parapsychologist. She spent her life researching 
 paranormal activity in this area. It was her work that led me here. 
 Stefan:Where's your wife? 
 Saltzman:Dead. A vampire killed her. 
 Stefan:Where's the Gilbert journal? 
 Saltzman:What do you want with it? 
 Stefan:Where is it? 
 Saltzman:It's on my desk. 
 Stefan:No, it's not. 
 Saltzman:It was on my desk. 
 Anna id reading the Journal. 
 Ben:Anything? 
 Anna:Not yet. Just a lot of gibberish. Yeah, some people just shouldn't journal. 
 Ben:I thought this Gilbert was the brains. 
 Anna:Don't you have a date? 
 Ben:Yep. Wish me luck. 
 Voice:I saw her again today-The most beautiful woman in town,With a name just 
 as pretty, pearl. 
 Flashback to 1864 , Pearl and Katherine are talking. 
 Pearl:Have you thought any more of what I've said? 
 Katherine:We'll leave soon, pearl, I promise. I need to take care of a few things first. 
 Pearl:You're going to turn both of them, aren't you?[ Katherine nod]Katherine, please. Be Careful. 
 Katherine:We'll all be safe,I promise. Mr. Gilbert's coming. Quick, your cheeks. Perfectly Rosie. 
 [Jonathan comes inside] 
 Jonathan:Miss pearl. May I have a moment? 
 Pearl:Yes Mr. Gilbert. I'm still waiting for you To explain that comet in the sky. 
 [Jonathan and Pearl leave] 
 Katherine:Your mother has an admirer. 
 Giuseppe is talking to Damon and Stefan. 
 Giuseppe:As descendants of the founding families,They'll want to know that 
 they can count on you. 
 Stefan:Of course they can. Is there any doubt? 
 Giuseppe:I'm not sure your brother Damon Understands the importance of duty. 
 Stefan:Damon left the confederacy on principle. It was his choice And should be 
 respected. 
 Giuseppe:You'll forgive me if I have trouble respecting a deserter. 
 Damon:Well, I never asked for your respect. 
 Giuseppe:Good for you, Damon. Because all I have is disappointment. 
 Stefan:You said the town is in trouble? 
 Giuseppe:There's been too many deaths. It is time for us to fight back And stop these killers. 
 Stefan:Killers? What are you talking about? 
 Giuseppe:We live amongst demons. 
 Damon:You're being cryptic now, father. Why don't you just say the word? 
 Giuseppe:Vampires. They exist. And they live amongst us. But we have a plan to kill them. And you're going to help us. 
 Back to present Damon is cooking and Jenna's drinking vine. 
 Damon:My father never approved of anyone I dated,Which only made me 
 want them more. Of course. What about you? 
 Jenna:There were a few guys. Logan isn't the only loser I've dated. 
 Damon:They ever find him?Or is he still missing? 
 Jenna:He's not missing. He's in the Bahamas working on his tan. Very entitled, 
 that one. Marches to his own drum. He's foul. They're all snooty. 
 [Damon serves Jenna more vine] 
 Damon:Hello, Elena. 
 Jenna:Hey. Where have you been?We're cooking dinner. 
 Damon:Is Stefan with you? 
 Elena:He'll be here soon. 
 Back to Stefan and Saltzman Talking. 
 Stefan:How long have you been aware of me? 
 Saltzman:I learned just recently. What about your brother? 
 Stefan:You met Damon. 
 Saltzman:Who do you think killed my wife? 
 Stefan:Are you certain it was damon? 
 Saltzman:I witnessed it. 
 Stefan:If you're here for revenge,This is going to end very badly for you. 
 Saltzman:I just want to find out what happened to my wife. 
 Stefan:I thought you just said that Damon... 
 Saltzman:Yeah. I saw him Draining the life out of her. He must have heard me 
 coming. He just...Disappeared. So did her body. They never found her 
 Stefan:Damon can never know why you're here. He'll kill you without blinking. 
 Saltzman:I can take care of myself. 
 Stefan:No,you can't. I can help you. If you let me. 
 Back to Elena's house. 
 Damon:Whoa. Hmm. 
 Elena:Don't do that. 
 Damon:Do what? 
 Elena:You know what. That move was deliberate. 
 Damon:Well, yeah, I was deliberately trying To get to the nonspeaking of Stefan,Where is he?He's missing family night,Which I am enjoying immensely. Is it real? 
 Elena:Is what real? 
 Damon:This renewed sense of brotherhood. Can I trust him? 
 Elena:Yes, you can trust him. 
 Damon:Can I trust him? 
 Elena:I'm wearing vervain, Damon. It's not going to work. 
 Damon:I'm not compelling you. I just want you to answer me. Honestly. 
 Elena:Of course you can. 
 Flashback to 1864, Katherine and Giuseppe are playing Bridge. 
 Katherine: You can trust me, Mr. Salvatore. I would never cheat. 
 Giuseppe:I'm losing or here. Again! 
 [Damon and Stefan are looking at the game] 
 Damon:She's good. I almost believe she genuinely likes him. 
 Stefan:Perhaps she does. 
 Damon:She knows father would have her killed if he knew the truth. 
 Stefan:Not if we talk to him;Explained how we feel. He could help us keep her safe. 
 Damon:Have you gone mad?No, no, father would drive the stake in her himself! 
 Stefan:That's not true. We can trust him. 
 Damon:No, no, not with this. Please,promise me you won't tell him, Stefan. 
 Stefan:I promise. 
 Back to present , Damon and Elena are talking. 
 Damon: There was a time when I trusted him more than anyone. 
 Elena:Trust breeds trust. You have to give it get it. 
 Damon:Are you lecturing me? 
 Elena:Do you need to be lectured? 
 Damon:I just want her back. I'm sure you can understand that. 
 Elena:I can understand that you would do anything for her, yes. 
 Damon:Then you understand what I will do If anyone gets in my way. 
 Jeremy and Damon are playing a video game. 
 Jeremy:You said you never played this thing before. 
 Damon:I'm a fast learner. Quick reflexes.[Jeremy's phone rings]Who are you dodging? 
 Jeremy:This girl Anna. She can be, uh, persistent. 
 Damon:Is she hot? 
 Jeremy:Yeah yeah,but she can be weird. 
 Damon:Hot trumps weird,trust me. 
 [Jenna and Elena are whispering] 
 Jenna:He is ridiculously hot! 
 Elena:Shh!He's an ass. 
 Jenna:What are you doing with all this stuff? 
 Elena:I thought there might be something About my birth parents. 
 Jenna:Have you told Jeremy? 
 Elena:I will. When the time is right.[Doorbell rings]That's Stefan. 
 Jeremy:Dude! 
 Damon:Well? 
 Ben and Bonnie are talking at the grill. 
 Ben:Admit it. I can't sing. 
 Bonnie:No. You were great. 
 Ben:Come on, totally trashed a Metallica song. 
 Bonnie:Well, first mistake,Metallica karaoke? 
 Ben:Well, at least I could admit it. 
 Bonnie:The woman with the tattoos loved you. 
 Ben:Yeah, well, next time,I'm going to throw out my pearl jam. 
 Bonnie:Next time? 
 Ben:Yeah. So, uh,What are your friends up to tonight? 
 Bonnie:They're all doing their own thing. Caroline's at her dad's, Elena's with her boyfriend. 
 Ben:Elena Gilbert, right? 
 Bonnie:Yeah. 
 Ben:Yeah, I remember. You guys used to hang out. 
 Bonnie:She's my best friend. 
 Ben:Yeah, my friends, they all moved away after graduation,And I didn't. So we just kind of drifted apart. 
 Bonnie:Oh. Elena and I are bonded for life. I can't imagine it either way. 
 Ben:That tight, huh? 
 Bonnie:She's my sister. I mean, I'd die for her. 
 
 
 
 Elena, Damon and Stefan are talking outside 
 Damon:Who took it? 
 Stefan:I don't know. 
 Damon:You know what,it's that teacher. There's something really off about him. 
 Stefan:No, he doesn't know anything. 
 Damon:Somebody got to him caught before me. Who else knew it was there? 
 [He look at Jeremy sitting on the sofa] 
 Elena:No. Damon,leave him out of it! 
 Damon:Why, what's the big deal? 
 Elena:Damon! 
 [They get inside] 
 Damon:So...I heard you found a really cool journal From back in the day. Who else did you show it to? 
 Jeremy:Huh? 
 Damon:Don't ask questions,just spill. 
 Jeremy:You're kidding me, right? 
 Elena:Jer did you tell anyone other than Mr saltzman About Gilbert's 
 journal? 
 Jeremy:Why is everybody so obsessed with that thing? 
 Elena:Who else did you tell? 
 Jeremy:Just that girl anna. 
 Damon:The hot weird one? 
 Jeremy:Yeah. 
 Stefan:Wait, who is Anna? 
 Damon:That's what I want to find out.how do you know her? 
 Jeremy:I just know her.She wants me to meet her at the grill tonight. 
 Damon:Perfect. I'll drive. Come on. Okay. 
 [Elena's alone upstairs speaking on the phone] 
 Elena:OK, I'm alone. Give me all the deets, bonnie. I'm dying. 
 Bonnie:It's going great. He's a perfect gentleman. 
 Elena:Gentleman, huh? 
 Bonnie:I know!Boring, huh? I just want to grab him and lay one on him. 
 Elena:Why don't you? 
 Bonnie:'cause I'm a chicken. 
 Elena:you're a powerful witch goddess. Come on, seize the day,broom Hilda. 
 Bonnie:Okay. I'm going to text you later with more details. 
 Elena:You better. 
 [She stops the conversation] 
 Elena:Where's Damon? 
 Stefan:He left to track down Jeremy's friend Anna,See if there was 
 anything there. 
 Elena:Aren't you going to go with him?If he gets to the journal before we do, then... 
 Stefan:Doesn't matter. 
 Elena:What is that? 
 Stefan:It's a copy of it. 
 Elena:How did you get it? 
 Stefan:Well, Mr. Saltzman may have a copy And was kind enough to loan it to me. 
 Elena:He did? 
 Stefan:Not exactly, but I got it. 
 Jeremy and Anna are talking at the Grill. 
 Anna:You just couldn't live without me, huh? 
 Jeremy:Well, I kinda miss my daily dose of cute stalker chick. 
 Anna:Oh, funny. 
 Jeremy:Let's play. 
 Flashback to 1864.Pearl and Katherine are talking. 
 Pearl:The sheriff was her earlier. He bought large volumes of the Vervain elixir. 
 Katherine:Did he try to put his hands on you again? 
 Pearl:Doesn't he always? 
 Katherine:She's saving hearth For Jonathan Gilbert 
 Pearl:I'm beyond saving. We know that. 
 Damon:How can you be so calm?They're getting closer to you every day. 
 Katherine:We are the respectable ladies of mystic falls. Thanks to Emily, we walk 
 the streets in daylight. No one will ever suspect us. 
 Pearl:Not unless a human tells them. 
 Damon:I'd sooner die. 
 Katherine:And soon enough, you will. 
 Anna:Mrs. Fell is approaching. 
 Pearl:Thank you,Annabelle. 
 Back to present, Stefan and Elena are reading the copy of the journal. 
 Elena:Here's a reference that,he wrote about Emily."the fell family 
 believed it should be I,not them, who protected the witch's spell book. UT I feared she would haunt me from the hereafter. They mocked my fear, but it was Giuseppe Salvatore who-"Is that your father? 
 Stefan:Yeah."it was Giuseppe Salvatore who removed my fear.he told me he would protect the secret of the spell book. He said he would carry it to his grave." 
 Flashback to 1864, Stefan and Giuseppe are talking. 
 Giuseppe:Stefan. To what do I owe this pleasure? 
 Stefan:Did I interrupt your writing? 
 Giuseppe:These are the dull musings of my troubled mind. 
 Stefan:A great mind. 
 Giuseppe:Still. I will carry the real secrets with me- 
 Stefan:To your grave. 
 Giuseppe:And a full grave it will be. Now, speaking of troubled minds,What's on yours? 
 Stefan:I have concerns about your plan for the vampires. 
 Giuseppe:And why is that? 
 Stefan:We are making the presumption that all vampires Are as evil as they've 
 been characterized,But what if that's not true? 
 Giuseppe:Do you have any evidence to the contrary?Do you know of any vampires? 
 Stefan:No. No, of course not. But are we to take what others say At face value?You always taught us so differently. 
 Giuseppe:Stefan...These creatures Are of the dark parts of hell. They have the ability to control your mind,Seduce your spirit. They are deadly. They must be destroyed. Those who stand with them;Those who bring shame to their families will be destroyed as well. 
 Back to present . 
 Stefan:I know where it is. 
 To Anna' place , Damon caught her by the neck, and she too. 
 Damon:OK, I give.[He cough]Damn. You're strong for a little thin 
 Anna:I was wondering how long it would take you to find me. 
 In the cemetery , Stefan is opening the tomb of hid father. 
 Elena: Why isn't your father buried in your family's tomb? 
 Stefan:It wasn't built until well after he died. 
 Elena:Are you sure the grimoire's in there with him? 
 Stefan:As sure as I could be. 
 Elena:Great. 
 Stefan:Elena. I can do this on my own. 
 Elena:And I said I would do whatever I can to help. 
 Stefan:I know, and I appreciate that, but- 
 Elena:This town is my home, Stefan. My friends and family are here. You're here. I don't want that tomb opened any more than you do.[Stefan exhales]I'm sorry that you have to do this. 
 Flashback to 1864 , Sean and Katherine in her room. 
 Stefan:What is that? 
 Katherine:Gift. 
 Stefan:From Damon? 
 Katherine:From Emily, actually. And when will you stop worrying about Damon? 
 Stefan:I want you all to myself. 
 Katherine:Just as he wants me,But I'm the one who gets to make all the rules. 
 Stefan:And why is that? 
 Katherine:Because I'm spoiled. 
 Stefan:Yes, you are. 
 Katherine:And selfish. And because I can do this. And this. And this. 
 Stefan:What?what? 
 Katherine:Vervain. 
 Stefan:What?Katherine!Katherine! 
 [Giuseppe comes to the room] 
 Giuseppe:Go get the sheriff. Tell him we have a vampire. 
 Stefan:What? No! 
 Giuseppe:Do as I say, son!Nothing that you feel for her is real. She's a vampire, Stefan! 
 A monster!I fed you vervain hoping that it would expose her. 
 Stefan:How did you know? 
 Giuseppe:Your sympathy for their plight. I didn't raise my sons to be so weak. The sheriff, now. Go, quickly!Now, son! 
 Back to present ,Stefan is digging with the shovel. Elena's helping him. 
 Back to Damon and Anna at her place. 
 Damon:How long have you been here? 
 Anna:I arrived around half-past comet,Watching you screw up every chance you had to open that tomb. 
 Damon:How did you know about the spell? 
 Anna:I didn't say much back then,Which means I heard everything. 
 Damon:So if you've been here the whole time,Then why are we just crossing paths right now? 
 Anna:I like to use others to do my dirty work. 
 Damon:Like Logan fell?Oh, yeah, thanks for that, by the way. Little b*st*rd shot me. 
 Anna:Logan was an idiot. We slipped him some blood when he started getting All poser slayer with that compass. I needed his family's journal. I couldn't let him die. 
 Damon:What's you want with the fell journal? 
 Anna:I thought it contained the location Of the witch's spell book. I was wrong. According to her journal, honorea gave the grimoire To Jonathan Gilbert. And, according to this...He gave it to your father. So now you're going 
 to help me find it. 
 Damon:Why would I help you? 
 Anna:'cause you and I both want that tomb open. 
 Damon:Sorry. I work alone. 
 Back to Bonnie and Ben at the Grill. 
 Ben:Well the check's paid. I'm all yours tonight. What do you want to do? 
 Bonnie:This.[She kissed him] 
 Ben:What's wrong? 
 Bonnie:Nothing. Sorry. I just should have waited until the end of the night to do that. 
 Ben:I didn't mind. 
 Bonnie:you know,I'm starting to get tired. 
 Ben:Do you want go? 
 Bonnie:I was going to say let's have some more coffee,Get a caffeine buzz, 
 and, I don't know,Go out, do something crazy. 
 Ben:Hmm, like what? 
 Bonnie:Like anything. 
 Ben:Okay. 
 Bonnie:I'm going to run to the restroom. 
 Ben:Okay. 
 Bonnie:All right. 
 Back to Stefan and Elena, she stares at him. 
 Stefan:What? 
 Elena:Not many girls can say they've done this.[Stefan opens the coffin]Is that it? 
 [Stefan starts to read] 
 Damon: Well, what do you know?This is an interesting turn of events. 
 Stefan:I can't let you bring her back. I'm sorry. 
 Damon:So am I. For thinking for even a second That I can trust you. 
 Stefan:Oh. You're not capable of trust. The fact that you're here means that you read the journal And you were planning on doing this yourself. 
 Damon:Of course I was going to do it by myself,Because the only one I can count on is me!You made sure of that many years ago, Stefan. But you...[He looks at Elena]You had me fooled. So what are you going to do now?Because if you try and destroy that,I'll rip her heart out. 
 Stefan:You won't kill her. 
 Damon:[He caught Elena]I can do one better.[He forces her to drink his blood]Give me the book,Stefan. Or I'm stabbing her neck. And you and I will have a vampire girlfriend. 
 Stefan:Let her go first. 
 Damon:Drop it. 
 Stefan:I'm not going to give this to you Until she is standing next to me. 
 Damon:Problem is, I no longer trust That you'll give it back! 
 Stefan:You just did the one thing that ensures that I will. 
 Flashback to 1864 , people yelling and purchasing vampires. 
 Damon:Stop! No don't take her! 
 Giuseppe:Do you know what they'll do to you If you're branded a sympathizer?You'll be killed along with them! 
 Damon:Just let me be killed! 
 Back to present , to Elena's place ,she's searching something in the bathroom. 
 Elena:My head supposed to hurt like this? 
 Stefan:Oh, you'll be fine. That was just A small amount of blood. It should pass out of 
 your system by tomorrow. 
 Elena:Are you OK? 
 Stefan:Damon was right. This is, uh...This is my fault. 
 Flashback to 1864 , two guys , transporting Katherine. 
 Stefan:Damon!Damon! Stop, stop. I'll help you. We'll get her back. 
 Damon:Help me?!Don't you think you've done enough?You promised you wouldn't tell him! 
 Stefan:I didn't think this would happen. 
 Damon:You did this. This is your fault. 
 Back to present , Stefan's counting his story to Elena. 
 Stefan:I put my faith in my father,But Damon put his faith in me,And I destroyed that. This is my fault. 
 Elena:You didn't do anything wrong. Don't forget that. 
 Stefan:Okay.[She exhales]I'm going to get you that aspirin. 
 Elena:Okay. 
 [Stefan goes downstairs] 
 Jenna:You know you're not staying the night, right? 
 Stefan:We're just going to hang out For a little while. 
 Jenna:You're lucky I like you. Keep the door open. 
 Stefan:You got it. Hey, do you have any aspirin. 
 Jenna:Yeah. 
 Jeremy:Oh, hey, Stefan. Where's she go? 
 Jenna:She went to the bathroom. 
 Stefan:Where's who go? 
 Jenna:He has a friend over. 
 Jeremy:Anna. 
 Flashback to 1864 all people yelling. 
 Anna:What's happening? 
 Pearl:Get Emily. Stay hidden. I'll get us out of here. 
 Jonathan:Pearl! 
 Pearl:Jonathan! 
 Jonathan:Do you see all this?The town's gone mad running after the demons. You! 
 Pearl:Jonathan...Please. I beg you! 
 Jonathan:I've got another one over here! 
 Anna:Mother! 
 Emily:Shh, shh! 
 Man:Come on!This way! 
 Emily:Shh!It'll be all right. You're going to see her again. We will protect them. I'm going to protect them. 
 Back to present , Stefan goes upstairs fast. 
 Stefan:Elena. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 