Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Brave New World - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Brave New World https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6262 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/18/10 04:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Brave New World 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Mystic Falls' hospital] 
 (She wakes up with a start and goes out of the room. The nurse is here) 
 Caroline: Excuse me? Where is everyone? 
 Nurse: It's the middle of the night honey 
 Caroline: It is? Oh, uh… have you seen my mom? 
 Nurse: She left after dinner with your boyfriend and then your friend Elena stepped by 
 Caroline: She did? Yeah, she did but she said her name was Katherine. Can I just get something to eat? 
 Nurse: Breakfast comes around seven 
 Caroline: But I'm hungry 
 Nurse: You should go back to sleep 
 (She goes toward the room but then she stops) 
 Caroline: What is that smell? 
 Nurse: Back to bed 
 (The nurse leaves but Caroline stays in the hallway. She looks everywhere and sees a blood pouch in a patient's room. She goes toward the pouch and touches it but the nurse arrives) 
 Nurse: What are you doing in here? 
 Caroline: I don't know 
 Nurse: You need to go back to bed 
 (She takes Caroline to her room and leaves. Caroline sits down on her bed and takes he blood pouch from her pocket. She drinks but she doesn't like it so she throws the pouch on the floor. She looks at the pouch on the floor and takes it. She drinks)  
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (Everyone is preparing the carnival. Bonnie and Elena are taking care of everything) 
 Bonnie: Katherine looked just like you, it was freakish 
 Elena: She is my ancestor. Eh, I move the student booth into the cafeteria 
 Bonnie: Your vampire ancestor and she didn't just resemble you like a family member would. She was you 
 Elena: I don't know, I can't explain it. It's creepy, that's all you got 
 Bonnie: How do you know she's not still out there pretending to be you? 
 Elena: I don't but I could sit here and be tortured by the not-knowing or I could get these prices to the ring toss 
 Bonnie: Have you talk to Damon since he killed Jeremy or tried to kill Jeremy? 
 Elena: No Bonnie, I haven't and I won't and I don't want to talk about Damon or anything else that's vampire relating okay? 
 (She gives a bag full of plush to Bonnie) 
 Elena: I'm human. I have to do human stuff. Otherwise, I'm going to go crazy 
 Bonnie: Okay, I'm sorry, let's focus. We have to make Caroline proud or she will kill us. I don't know how she does all of this 
 Elena: Well because she's not human, obviously 
 Bonnie: Obviously 
 (She laughs) 
 (Jeremy and Stefan are in the hallway against Jeremy's locker) 
 Stefan: It's the same as the bracelet Elena gave you 
 Jeremy: It protects me from compulsion 
 Stefan: Vervain is toxic to vampires 
 Jeremy: Like poison? 
 Stefan: Yeah, it's very poisonous. It keeps them out of your head 
 Jeremy: but why vervain? 
 Stefan: don't know, certain natural herbs and roots and other elements are just harmful to vampires 
 Jeremy: Like a stake to the heart? 
 Stefan: Right but it has to be wood 
 Jeremy: You're pretty confident in yourself telling me all the different ways I could kill you 
 Stefan: Jeremy, if I thought you wanted to kill me we will be having a much different conversation 
 Jeremy: Yeah, Damon is the one that deserves it 
 Stefan: I want you to forget about Damon, all right? He's hundred times stronger than you and right now he's not stable. You got to try to move forward 
 Jeremy: I was killed by a vampire and brought back by a magic ring. How do you move forward from that? 
 Stefan: Right. Well, today we have a nice little distraction encouraged by the slave driver Elena 
 (Elena arrives) 
 Stefan: Hello Elena 
 Elena: Hey, do you… 
 Jeremy: Yeah, yeah, I set up the golden fish toss all through hundred golden fish. It's gonna be epic! 
 (He leaves) 
 Stefan: He's gonna be alright, he's just been through a little bit of a whole deal 
 Elena: I was just hoping that this carnival would wild him back into the land of a high school teenager 
 Stefan: That was what we were doing here? 
 Elena: Yes, we all are. We're gonna be boring high school students who live in a world where the "v" word is not ordered 
 Stefan: Got it! 
 Elena: Then later you're going to take me on the Ferris wheel, we're gonna ride the very top and then you're gonna kiss me and my heart will flatter like a normal high school girl. Do you see a redeem theme here? 
 Stefan: Yeah I know, I'm seeing it and I'm liking it but I have a quick question. Uh, what do we do about Damon? 
 Elena: Uh, no "D" word okay? That has been deleted from the list of topic that we can discuss 
 Stefan: Unfortunately Katherine showing up has been a little bit of an odd place, little off-kidder, kind of dangerous. Who knows what he's up to? 
 [Lockwood's mansion] 
 (Damon is in the living room with Carol Lockwood) 
 Carol: So I understand John Gilbert has left town. Have they found the vampire that attacked him? 
 Damon: Well, the sheriff has asked me to take the lead on that and I promess to you I will get to the bottom of it 
 Carol: Which brings me to my next subject. With Richard gone, I'll be acting as interim mayor until the elections and I'm going to need someone to spill out the council. I'd like that person to be you 
 Damon: Whatever you need Carol. As a founding family member it's something that's very close to me so I would be honored to help keep this town safe from vampires 
 (Mason and Tyler enter the house. Carol closes the door of the living room) 
 Damon: Is it safe to talk? 
 Carol: It's my brother-in-law, Mason. He's still visiting. I just don't want him to hear us. He didn't want any part of the council when he lived here and I see no reason to bring him to it now 
 (Damon is listening to their conversation with his powers) 
 Tyler: When was that? Like seven? 
 Mason: Six. I don't count the last one. You crawled 
 Tyler: What? 
 Mason: I think Grandma Lockwood actually passed you her walker 
 Tyler: Yeah, okay. Shoes off. Mud, my mom… 
 Mason: Yeah, yeah. 
 (Mason sits down and removes his shoes) 
 Mason: So all this anger and aggression you're talking about, you notices a difference when you exercise? 
 Tyler: Dude, I play 3 varsity sports. I work out 4 times a week and run 3, I'm gonna say no  
 Mason: Do you have episodes? What happens exactly? 
 Tyler: Most of time normal, I get angry typically over nothing. I'm an angry guy. I know it just amplifies and I go off 
 Mason: You black out? 
 Tyler: Yeah, it's like I go blind with rage 
 Mason: Is there a pattern? Like once a month, only at night? 
 Tyler: All I know is I loose myself, you know? For that time I become something else and I hate it 
 (Damon is still listening) 
 Carol: More tea? Damon? 
 Damon: Oh yes, please. Thank you Carol 
 [Mystic Fall's hospital] 
 (Caroline is in her room. She puts her hand in the sunlight and it burns. Matt arrives with a tray of food) 
 Matt: Your mom said you're not eating 
 Caroline: It's gross 
 Matt: It's the hospital food; it's supposed to be gross 
 (Matt goes toward her to kiss her but there's the sunlight between them) 
 Matt: She also said you're getting released tomorrow morning 
 Caroline: Morning? I need to get out tonight 
 Matt: No, the carnival is going to happen without you Caroline. I know it's hard for your neurotic control freak personality to process but Bonnie and Elena have it 
 Caroline: I'm not neurotic 
 Matt: Yeah you are but it's cute so… 
 Caroline: Look, it's not about the carnival okay? It's just that this place is just really depressing 
 Matt: It's because you're sitting in the dark 
 (He begins to open the curtains) 
 Caroline: No don't! 
 (Caroline goes against the wall with her powers) 
 Matt: What the hell? 
 Caroline: Just close it please 
 Matt: What's wrong with you? 
 Caroline: Close it! 
 (He closes the curtains) 
 Matt: I'll just come back later okay? 
 (He leaves) 
 [Salvatore's house] 
 (Damon is pouring a blood pouch in a glass. Stefan arrives) 
 Damon: Do you care for one? 
 Stefan: No, thank you. I'm not hungry, just ate 
 Damon: Are you worried that one day, all the forest animals are gonna band together and fight back? I mean, surely they talk 
 Stefan: I'm just happy that's it's a blood bag and not a sorority girl supplying your dinner 
 Damon: I like this. You, walking on eggs shores around me because you think I'm gonna explode. Very suspencible. Is Elena worried too? I bet I'm your every conversation 
 Stefan: Have you heard from Katherine? 
 Damon: I think the Lockwood's have a family secret because the Gilbert device affected them but vervain didn't so they're not vampires, they're something else 
 Stefan: Is this your new obsession? 
 Damon: You'd rather some unknown supernatural element running upon our town. Fine, I'll drop it 
 Stefan: We haven't seen lots of Katherine, you do know that right? We have no idea what she's up to 
 Damon: Sure we do. She came back to profess her undying eternal love for you so I'm gonna let you deal with her because I have more important things to do like explode. Shears! 
 [Mystic Falls' hospital] 
 (Caroline is putting her jewelry. She puts the necklace Elena gave to her but It burns her skin so she throws it on the floor. The nurse arrives and takes it) 
 Nurse: That's pretty 
 Caroline: Yeah, my friend gave it to me 
 (The nurse leaves, Caroline drinks blood from a pouch. She looks at her in the mirror, her face is changing and her fangs appear. She screams, the nurse arrives) 
 Nurse: what's wrong? 
 (She strangles the nurse and pushes her against the wall) 
 Caroline: You can't tell anyone, you can't tell anyone! 
 (She compels her) 
 Nurse: I can't tell anyone 
 Caroline: You'll do what I say? 
 Nurse: I'll do what you say 
 Caroline: Good because I'm starving 
 (She bites her) 
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (It's the carnival. Elena is talking with Bonnie) 
 Bonnie: The ring toss is out of Bart and Homer dolls and team Jacob teas 
 Elena: Okay, I can grab some from the science club. Also we lost a speaker in the karaoke booth 
 Bonnie: Hey, all good Elena, take a breath, look around. This is a huge success 
 Elena: You mean I can give more than just freak vampire havoc? 
 Bonnie: Good 
 (They laugh, Elena looks at a man who is repairing one of the stands) 
 Elena: Hey, Carter right? You're with the carnival 
 Carter: That'll be me 
 Elena: Okay, great 
 (He looks at Bonnie) 
 Carter: Wow, what do you need beautiful? 
 Bonnie: What do you know about karaoke speakers? 
 Carter: Why don't you show me the problem? 
 Elena: Yeah Bonnie, show him the problem 
 Bonnie: Okay, come on 
 (They leave Elena smiles) 
 [Lockwood's mansion] 
 (Mason is in his brother office, looking for something. He searches everywhere. Tyler arrives) 
 Tyler: What are you doing? 
 Mason: Nothing, just killing time waiting for you 
 Tyler: You're looking for something? 
 Mason: Yeah actually. You know where I can find any family artifact stuff? 
 Tyler: You drained your trust fund already? 
 Mason: I did that when I was 22. No, I'm just looking for this old piece of my mom's. My dad gave it to her when they got married. It's a sentimental value. Probably passed out on your dad. It just still be in the house here somewhere 
 Tyler: What's it look like? 
 Mason: It's a moon stone; it's about the size of a hockey puck. Old, ugly, minimal monetary value 
 Tyler: Yeah man, whatever. Ask my mom I guess 
 Mason: Yeah, cool, I'll do that. You're ready? 
 Tyler: Yeah 
 [Mystic Fall's high school] 
 (Jeremy is buying popcorn. Damon arrives) 
 Damon: Jeremy, it's so good to see you alive 
 Jeremy: Aren't you a little old for a high school carnival? 
 Damon: A hundred and fifty years too old 
 Jeremy: You're pretty funny cracking jokes when I could I don't know… led the hold of this thing telling by telling someone what you really are 
 (Damon catches him and takes him apart) 
 Damon: So please tell that was not a threat 
 Jeremy: Maybe it is 
 (He shows him the ring and Damon strangles him from behind) 
 Damon: This is what we're not gonna do: we're not gonna walk around like we are invincible when it's this easy for me to end you 
 (He releases him) 
 Damon: If you want to tell people what I really am go ahead and try 
 (Damon shows him the ring; he has it in his hand) 
 Damon: I will shot this ring so far up your ass that you'll really have something to choke on 
 (He throws the ring on his face and leaves) 
 [Mystic Falls' hospital] 
 (Caroline is dressed and on the phone) 
 Caroline: The doctor said I'm good as new, he signed me out, he said that I didn't have to wait ‘til morning so call me when you get this 
 (She hangs up; the nurse is sitting on Caroline's bed. She has a bandage on her wound on the neck) 
 Caroline: It's dark, thank god. I'm so sorry about that 
 (She looks at the bandage) 
 Caroline: Okay, now what's the story? 
 Nurse: My husband likes to get kinky 
 Caroline: Yes, good. Okay, so I'm gonna take off. I'm in the comity chair for the carnival and I'm worried it's a complete disaster. I mean god bless Elena, she's not understand the word fabulous 
 (She takes her bag) 
 Caroline: Once again I'm so sorry about that and if you could just forget that I bit you that would be great because I'm going to 
 Nurse: Forget what? 
 Caroline: I don't know how that works but its brilliant 
 (She leaves) 
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (Damon is looking at Tyler, he's doing arm wrestling. Stefan arrives) 
 Stefan: You're lurking 
 Damon: I'm observing 
 Stefan: It's more like obsessing 
 (Tyler wins) 
 Damon: He's got strength 
 Stefan: He's a triple varsity athlete, of course he has strength. You're reaching 
 (Mason arrives to do arm wrestling against Tyler) 
 Mason: I bet I could beat you 
 Damon: Enter the uncle 
 Stefan: That's ridiculous 
 (Mason beats him) 
 Tyler: Okay, he's the champ, who wants to go next? 
 Damon: Stefan wants to go 
 Stefan: Yeah, sure, I'll… give it a shot 
 (Stefan rejoins Mason) 
 Damon: Give him Stef! 
 Stefan: My brother over there thinks I could beat you 
 Mason: Your brother's wrong 
 (Mason beats him. Stefan rejoins Damon) 
 Damon: You didn't put an effort at all 
 Stefan: Yeah, actually I did 
 Damon: Come with me 
 (They go in the hallway) 
 Damon: Is he…? 
 Stefan: No, no, I wasn't that kind of strength but it was more than human, it doesn't make sense 
 Damon: What is up with that family? They're not vampires, what the hell are they? 
 Stefan: Maybe they're ninja turtles 
 Damon: You're not funny 
 Stefan: Or zombies, werewolves 
 Damon: No comedic timing at all 
 (Damon turns his head and sees Carter repairing something) 
 Stefan: What? What are you up to? 
 Damon: Since this is reality and there's no such thing as werewolves or combat turtles 
 Stefan: Ninja turtles 
 (Damon goes toward Carter) 
 Damon: Hey you! 
 Carter: I have a name 
 Damon: Yeah I don't care 
 (He catches his shoulders and compels him) 
 Damon: I need you to pick a fight with someone, a kid named Tyler Lockwood 
 Stefan: Damon, don't do this 
 Damon: It's just an experiment. Get him mad, don't back down no matter what he does okay? 
 Carter: I won't back down 
 Damon: I know you won't 
 (He releases him, Carter leaves) 
 Stefan: Do you realize someone is going to get hurt right? 
 Damon: No, someone is going to get mad, as in rage 
 Stefan: What's that going to accomplish? 
 Damon: That Tyler kid is incapable of walking away from a fight. Let's see who intervenes, maybe the ambigus, supernatural mystery uncle 
 (Damon is walking alone is an hallway when Caroline arrives) 
 Damon: Hey Blondie, they let you out? 
 Caroline: I remember 
 Damon: What do you remember? 
 Caroline: I remember how you manipulated me, you pushed me around, abused me, erased my memories, fed on me 
 Damon: You're crazy 
 Caroline: Memories have been coming back, in pieces 
 Damon: You can't remember. It's impossible, I mean unless you're becoming a… 
 (She smiles) 
 Caroline: have a message from Katherine, she said "Game on" 
 Damon: Wait… 
 (She pushes him with strength, he falls on the floor) 
 Caroline: You suck 
 (She leaves) 
 (Elena is with a girl, Damon arrives) 
 Damon: Elena 
 Elena: What do you want Damon? 
 Damon: I know I'm the last person you want to see right now but I need you to come with me 
 Elena: Whatever it is I'm not interested 
 Damon: Yeah, I need you to come with me right now, Elena 
 (She follows him) 
 (Tyler is going in the parking lot; Stefan follows him and hides himself to observe the scene. Carter arrives and pushes Tyler) 
 Tyler: Watch where you are going 
 Carter: You got a problem? 
 Tyler: Yeah, you walked right into me 
 Carter: What are you going to do about it? 
 Tyler: You're kidding right? 
 (Carter pushes him again) 
 Tyler: You better back off 
 (Carter pushes him) 
 Tyler: You hit me again, I swear to god… 
 (Carter punches him in the face. They fight, Mason arrives. Mason pushes Carter) 
 Mason: What the hell man? 
 (Mason strangles him but Carter punches him on the face and pushes him against a car. Tyler makes some supernatural moves, his eyes change, and they are yellow and glow) 
 Tyler: Your eyes 
 (Mason Heats Carter, he falls on the floor. They leave, Stefan arrives to help Carter) 
 Stefan: You're alright man? 
 Carter: Why did I just do that? 
 Stefan: You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time 
 (Caroline rejoins Matt at the ring toss) 
 Matt: What are you doing here? 
 Caroline: They discharged me, I'm better 
 Matt: How do you feel? 
 Caroline: I feel pretty good 
 Matt: Yeah, ‘cause earlier you were… 
 Caroline: I'm all better 
 (She kisses him) 
 Caroline: All better 
 Matt: Okay, you want to give it a shot? 
 (He gives him one of the rings. She throws it on a bottle, she breaks 3 bottles) 
 Matt: Wow, hey, nice shot killer 
 Caroline: They must already have been broken 
 (He embraces her. She looks at his neck) 
 Caroline: Oh no 
 Matt: What's wrong? 
 Caroline: I got to go 
 (She leaves and he follows her) 
 Matt: Wait Caro, are you okay, I mean… 
 Caroline: Just leave me alone! 
 (She leaves) 
 (Elena, Stefan and Damon are in a classroom talking about Caroline) 
 Caroline: How did this happen? 
 Damon: Well, I fed her blood and Katherine obviously killed her and a plus b equals… 
 Elena: But why? 
 Damon: Because Katherine is a manipulative nasty little slut 
 Stefan: And she said "game on"? What is that even mean? 
 Damon: It means she's playing dirty, she wants us to know 
 Elena: But why Caroline? 
 Damon: I don't know 
 Stefan: Caroline must be completely out of her mind, she don't even know what's happening to her 
 Damon: Oh I think she does. All of my compulsion from the past sort of wiring of the minute she was in transition 
 Stefan: We have to find her 
 Damon: Yep and kill her 
 Elena: You're not gonna kill Caroline 
 Damon: She knows who we are, she's officially a liability, and we've got to get rid of her 
 Stefan: Damon, absolutely not 
 Damon: Need I to remind you the tragic little story of a girl named Vicki Donovan? Caroline, of all people, won't not make it as a vampire. Her mother is a vampire hunter. Guys come on, we all know how this story's gonna end, just flip to the last chapter and… 
 Elena: It's not an option Damon 
 Damon: No? Your silence is defining, Stefan. Wait, wasn't there a school carnival the night you staked Vicki? 
 Looks like a town where story repeats herself. You know I'm right 
 Stefan: we're not gonna kill her 
 Damon: It's the only way 
 (Stefan and Elena leave) 
 (Caroline is alone crying when she sees carter. He's bleeding) 
 Carter: Hey, is everything okay? 
 Caroline: I'm so sorry 
 Carter: What? 
 (She rushes over him and bites him. She drinks his blood and kills him) 
 (Matt is talking with Bonnie) 
 Matt: She's obviously pissed at me for something but for what, no clue 
 Bonnie: What happened? 
 Matt: She freaked out and she's been like that all day. Cool one minute and crazy and neurotic next 
 Bonnie: She almost died, it's must be messing with her head. Plus, she's Caroline 
 Matt: Yeah, I'm used to the insecurity and all that. This is who she is, love it or hate it but this seemed I don't know… different. I can't explain it 
 (Damon is looking for Caroline; he finds a stake in the floor. He takes it. Elena and Stefan are looking for her too) 
 Elena: You're agreed with Damon, don't you? Stefan? 
 Stefan: Damon's right, not about what we should do but about what's gonna happen. Katherine has decided Caroline's death sentence 
 Elena: We can't let it in that way. She's doing this to me isn't she? 
 Stefan: No, she's doing it to me 
 
 
 
 [Lockwood's mansion] 
 (Mason and Tyler are entering the house) 
 Tyler: Well, we're home. Safe territory, enough with the silence 
 Mason: I told you to leave it alone 
 Tyler: What was that move you pulled? 
 Mason: Brazilian martial art, I took some classes a while back 
 Tyler: Don't lie to me! 
 Mason: I'm not lying 
 Tyler: I saw something! 
 Mason: You didn't see anything 
 Tyler: I saw your eyes, they glowed 
 Mason: Reflection of a car headlight maybe, that's all 
 Tyler: Reflection of a car headlight… 
 Mason: Yes 
 Tyler: You really expect me to believe that? 
 Mason: Tyler! You want to know what you saw? You saw me get pissed of that I had to put your delinquent ass out of a fight! 
 (Tyler leaves) 
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (Stefan and Elena are still looking for Caroline) 
 Elena: Where could she be? What is it? Do you hear her? What's going on Stefan, what is it? 
 Stefan: Blood, I smell blood 
 (Caroline is crying next to Carter's body. Damon arrives. She has blood all over her face) 
 Caroline: He's dead, I killed him. What's wrong with me? 
 (She cries) 
 Damon: Hey, hey it's okay. I can help you 
 Caroline: You can? 
 Damon: Yeah, I have to 
 Caroline: What are you gonna do? 
 Damon: The only thing I can do, I'm gonna kill you 
 Caroline: Please don't! I don't want to die! 
 Damon: Yeah but you are already dead 
 Caroline: No, I'm not. Don't say that okay? Just help me! 
 Damon: Okay 
 Caroline: Okay? Just help me please! Please, please! 
 Damon: Okay, okay 
 (He embraces her and is about t kill her but Stefan arrives and rushes over Damon) 
 Damon: Stefan! 
 (Elena is with Caroline) 
 Caroline: Get away from me! You killed me! 
 Elena: No, no, no, no Caroline! That wasn't me. You know that! That was Katherine 
 Caroline: No! Then why did she look like you?! And why, why did she do this to me? 
 Elena: Stefan, we've got to get her inside 
 Stefan: It's okay Caroline, come with me 
 Damon: She'll die, it's only a matter of time 
 Stefan: Yeah but it's not gonna happen tonight 
 Damon: Oh yeah it is 
 (He picks up the stake and rushes over them but Elena puts herself in front of Caroline) 
 Elena: Damon, she's my friend 
 Damon: Whatever happens, it's on you 
 (Bonnie arrives) 
 Bonnie: Caroline? 
 Stefan: It's okay, come on 
 Bonnie: No, you're not, it can't be 
 (She touches her) 
 Caroline: Bonnie? 
 (She sees the body) 
 Elena: Oh god! 
 (Stefan takes Caroline) 
 (Stefan takes Caroline to the bathroom. He washes her face) 
 Caroline: She hates me! Bonnie hates me 
 Stefan: No, she's just in shock, we all are 
 Caroline: And what about Matt? 
 (She cries) 
 Stefan: Shut. One thing at one time, let' get this blood off, come on 
 Caroline: I'm a m-m-murderer. I'm a monster! 
 Stefan: Look at me, your emotions are highing right now, it's part of the transformation, it's completely normal, I promise you okay? 
 (Her face is changing) 
 Caroline: Why is this keeping happening to my face? 
 Stefan: Look at me, look at me, look at me! Caroline, Caroline! Look at me! Look at my face, look at my face! 
 (His face has changed too) 
 Stefan: You see that? When you feel the blood rushing, you tell yourself that you're going to get through it, that you're strong enough. Yes, yes, no matter how good it feels to get yourself over to it, you fight it off, you burry it. Watch me, watch me 
 (His face is normal again) 
 Stefan: It's the only way you're gonna to survive this thing. Try 
 (She takes a few breaths, her face is normal again) 
 Stefan: That's good 
 Caroline: Why did Katherine do this to me? 
 Stefan: I don't know, I wish I did. Hey, hey, I promise you I will not let anything happen to you. Come here 
 (He embraces her) 
 (Elena is still with Bonnie) 
 Bonnie: I can't believe this is happening 
 (Damon arrives with a shovel in his hands) 
 Damon: Come on, don't pout about it, I've got a body to bury 
 (He looks at Elena) 
 Damon: I thought you were calling the shots, no? It sucks to be you buddy 
 (Bonnie looks at him and gives him a headache; he takes his head between his head and fall on the floor. She opens the faucet with her powers and water is going out from the hose) 
 Bonnie: I told you what would happen if anyone else got hurt  
 Damon: I didn't do this 
 Elena: Bonnie, it wasn't his fault 
 Bonnie: Everything that happens is his fault Elena 
 Elena: Bonnie, what are you doing? 
 (She creates a fire, the fire goes toward Damon) 
 Elena: Bonnie stop it! 
 (Damon is burning) 
 Elena: Bonnie, stop! You're going to kill him? 
 (Damon is still burning) 
 Elena: Bonnie, stop! 
 (She jumps through the fire and catches Bonnie's arm. The fire is gone) 
 Bonnie: Why did you stop me? 
 Elena: Because this isn't us. Bonnie, this can't be us 
 (Elena looks at Damon and embraces Bonnie) 
 (Elena is at her locker. Stefan arrives) 
 Stefan: Hey. Caroline is okay for now, I'm gonna check on her later 
 Elena: What about the guy she… 
 Stefan: It's taking care of 
 Elena: Damon's right, isn't he? It won't end her for her 
 Stefan: No, I'm gonna make sure that he's wrong 
 Elena: I just can't believe what this day has turned into 
 Stefan: Not a normal day uh? 
 Elena: I was stupid to think that it could be. I mean, nothing about my life is normal. My best friend is a witch, my friend is a vampire and I have a doppelgänger who wants to destroy all of us 
 Stefan: I'm sorry 
 Elena: No, it's not your fault, Stefan. T's no one's fault you know? It is what it is 
 (He touches her face) 
 Elena: I'm fine, I'm fine. It's just that… you know what? I'm fine. I'm gonna to call you tomorrow okay? Good night Stefan 
 (She leaves) 
 Stefan: Good night 
 [Lockwood's mansion] 
 (Mason is talking with Carol) 
 Carol: I think it's good for Tyler to have you in the house 
 Mason: I appreciate that Carol 
 Carol: Oh, and I can see If I can dig up that stone you're looking for. It's bound to be tucked away in one of Richard's knocks and crannies 
 (She goes up the stairs, Tyler arrives) 
 Mason: Hey man, you're heading up? 
 Tyler: In a minute. Good night mom 
 Carol: Good night Tyler 
 Mason: Hey, I'm sorry about earlier, we're all good? 
 Tyler: yeah, we're good 
 Mason: Alright 
 (He lives. Tyler goes into his father's office, closes the door and open's his father's safe hiding under the carpet. He takes a box inside and opens it. There's the moon stone Mason is looking for inside. He takes it from the box and puts it in his pocket) 
 [Salvatore's house] 
 (Damon is taking a glass of scotch. Jeremy is here) 
 Damon: What the hell are you doing here? 
 Jeremy: You don't lock your front door 
 Damon: Yeah 
 (Damon is going to drink) 
 Jeremy: No I wouldn't… I lasted it with vervain 
 Damon: Why would you do that? 
 (Jeremy has a stake in his hands) 
 Jeremy: So I could stake you… with this 
 (He throws the stake on the floor. Damon picks it up) 
 Damon: You came here to kill me? 
 Jeremy: It's only fair, you killed me first 
 Damon: What made your eyes went up? 
 Jeremy: My father hated vampires, my uncle too. They were absolute they knew exactly what they stood for and I figured maybe I should too. I mean, stand for something but killing you, what's that gonna do? 
 Damon: Look, I don't do the big brother thing very well. Sorry, I don't have any milk and cookie stuff for you 
 Jeremy: Dick 
 (He lives) 
 Damon: Wait. My fathers hated vampires too 
 Jeremy: He did? 
 Damon: For the same reasons your dad did. Only it was 1864, people knew how to woodle 
 (He shows him the stake) 
 Damon: Did you do this? 
 Jeremy: Yeah I tried; it's harder than it looks 
 [Caroline's house] 
 (Caroline is laying on her bed when someone opens the window. She goes next to the window with her super speed. It's Matt) 
 Caroline: What are you doing here? 
 Matt: I came to see if today's bask period has expired 
 Caroline: You know you should just go ‘cause my mom is gonna be home soon 
 Matt: You've been dodging me all day. I mean, I'm more insecure than you are now 
 Caroline: What do you mean? 
 Matt: It means that… you almost died and it freaked me out and it got me thinking you know ‘cause… I'm not in a position where I can lose someone else right now. I realized, even though today I wanted to throttle you, I'm pretty sure that I'm in love with you and I it seems like you don't feel the same way 
 (She kisses him and they embrace each other. Her face is changing so she takes a few breaths and her face becomes normal again) 
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Elena is sleeping; Stefan enters the room by the window. He kisses her on the cheek, she wakes up) 
 Elena: What time is it? 
 Stefan: It's almost dawn. Come with me 
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (They are at the carnival. It's empty) 
 Elena: Stefan what are we doing here? We're going to get caught 
 Stefan: I compelled the guard to on break so I could kiss my girlfriend at the top of the Ferris wheel 
 Elena: Stefan… 
 Stefan: We have to take these moments, Elena. What Katherine did to Caroline could just be the beginning and there are things with Tyler's family that we don't even understand yet and there's always a "D" word but I came back to this town to start a life with you. We can't forget to live it 
 Elena: But Stefan, how are you going to the top? 
 Stefan: I guess you'll just have to hold on time 
 (She holds on and they fly to the top of the Ferris wheel and sits down. She laughs) 
 Elena: What? 
 Stefan: It's just so nice to see you laugh 
 (They kiss) 
 Elena: It's not going to get any easier, is it? 
 Stefan: No, it's not 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 