Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x19 - Miss Mystic Falls - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x19 - Miss Mystic Falls https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6257 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/24/10 18:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x19 - Miss Mystic Falls 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Mystic Fall's high school]  
 (Stefan is parking his car; Elena sees him and rejoins him)  
 Elena: Nice car 
 Stefan: That was a waste to leaves it in the garage 
 (She smiles, they kiss)  
 Elena: I didn't know we were coming back today 
 Stefan: You know, I woke up this morning and I was feeling great and I figured it was time for me to get back in the things 
 Elena: Is that mean you're okay now, with all the cravings? 
 Stefan: Yeah, I mean the worst part is over so… now what I want to do is just spent as much time with you as possible 
 Elena: I'm okay with that 
 (They kiss)  
 Stefan: Hey, thank you for helping me get through the rough patch 
 Elena: You're welcome (pause, they look each other). We are going to be late 
 Stefan: Okay, uh, you know what? I'll catch up with you, I'm gonna grab my stuff. I'll be right behind you 
 Elena: Okay 
 (She leaves; he goes to the trunk and opens it. There's a lot of blood pouch from mystic falls hospital. He grabs his stuff and clothes the trunk)  
 [Founders hall]  
 (Damon, John and Sheriff Forbes are talking)  
 Sheriff Forbes: There was a disturbance at the hospital blood bank last night; some of the supply was compromised 
 Damon: Compromised? You mean stolen? 
 Sheriff Forbes: We almost missed it. The inventory records were altered but when the night manager was questioned he had no recollection of changing them 
 John: That means that the vampire who stole the blood used mind control to hide the theft 
 Damon (looking at John): I know what you meant 
 Sheriff Forbes: We wouldn't noticed if John hadn't alerted us to recent discrepancies in other hospital blood banks in the county 
 Damon: How lucky for us, we have John  
 (He looks at John)  
 Sheriff Forbes: We're stepping up security at the hospital, giving the guard vervain to prevent this from happening again 
 John: Sheriff, may I offer a suggestion? Why don't Damon and I put our hands together? We can track down whoever is doing this 
 Sheriff Forbes: Truthfully I can use the extra hands. Is that something you would be willing to do? 
 Damon: of course, I mean if it'll help 
 John: I think we could make a good team, don't you think Damon? 
 (He looks at Damon)  
 Damon: John, whenever I can do to help keep this town safe; even if it means spending time with you 
 (He looks at John and smiles, John smiles too)  
 [Mystic Fall's high school]  
 (Alaric History Class)  
 Alaric: Okay, this week we're gonna set outside the regular curriculum for a lesson on local history as we approach founder's day. Apparently the community lead feels it's more important that world war 2 but hey what do I know? 
 (Bonnie interrupts him and enters the classroom)  
 Bonnie: Sorry I'm late 
 Alaric: Well, its lake we will be on full occupancy today. Welcome home Bonnie 
 (Bonnie sits down and smiles at Elena but when she looks at Stefan she doesn't anymore smile and seems upset. Stefan smiles at her but she tries not to look and him and turns her head. Elena and Stefan don't understand, they look at each other)  
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Someone is ringing the bell, Damon opens the door: it's Anna)  
 Damon: I suppose I should be grateful, you learned how to use the bell 
 Anna: I'm here on behalf of my mother 
 (She enters)  
 Damon: On behalf of or in spite of? 
 Anna: I'm sorry about what the other vampires did to Stefan. Undocked him, tortured him… It wasn't supposed to go down like that 
 Damon: You're plain house of half of a tomb of really pissed of vampires. What do you think was going to happen? 
 Anna: My mom is devastated; they tried to over throw her 
 Damon: Why isn't she here telling me this? 
 Anna: She doesn't really do apology 
 Damon: Well, it's a coincidence, ‘cause I don't do forgiveness. Let just roll long. And if you're going continue playing house with these little vampires pets, you might wanna stop rubbing the blood bank dry because they're onto it  
 Anna: I haven't been to the local blood bank in at least a week 
 Damon: Then it's one of you others 
 Anna: The others are gone Damon 
 Damon: Well, where did they go? 
 Anna: They were cut off of this town. After what happened with your brother my mom kicked them out and they took off. It's just us and Harper now 
 (Damon is surprised; he doesn't know what to think)  
 [Mystic Fall's high school]  
 (Bonnie is walking, reading papers; Elena is running after her)  
 Elena: Bonnie! 
 Bonnie: Hey 
 Elena: Hey, i tried to grab you after class but you already taken off. How are you? How's your family? 
 Bonnie: We're dealing, it's been hard 
 Elena: Everyone here really missed you 
 Bonnie: Yeah, I just had so much to deal with after Grams' funeral and, honestly after you told me the tomb spell failed I just didn't really want to come back 
 Elena: I hope you'll understand why I called… I wanted you to know before you came home 
 Bonnie: I understand why. I just… shouldn't know 
 (Long pause, they look at each other)  
 Elena: I know it's been really hard… 
 (Caroline interrupts them)  
 Caroline: Bonnie! Bonnie! Thank god you're home! 
 (She embraces Bonnie)  
 Caroline: I know we talked everyday but I missed you 
 (Elena looks at them, she seems sad)  
 Caroline: How are you doing? 
 Bonnie: Better. You know, glad to be back and trying to keep myself busy 
 Caroline: Well, I can help with that. Major wardrobe problem. You need to help me pick up the perfect dress for the founder's court 
 Elena: The founder's court? Did I miss something? 
 Caroline: The founder's court! You know, Miss Mystic Falls. They announced it today and you and I are both on it 
 Elena: Oh my god! We signed for this so long ago… I completely forgot 
 Caroline: So, are you dropping out then? 
 Elena: I can't 
 (She looks at Bonnie)  
 Caroline: No? 
 Bonnie: Her mom is the one who wanted her into this 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Stefan is back from school. Damon was waiting for him)  
 Damon: How was school? 
 Stefan: Fine 
 Damon: Yeah? Same old, same old? Nothing new? No stories to bring home? 
 Stefan: You make it small talk, why? 
 Damon: You seemed off the ship lately, less dump and glum, more peps in you steps 
 Stefan: And you think it's because I drank human blood again 
 Damon: I don't want to brag but I would definitely take responsibility for this new and improved you 
 Stefan: Well, I hate to push the bubble but I'm clean 
 Damon: Yeah, not possible 
 Stefan: Not only isn't possible but it is quite true 
 Damon: Stefan, just be serious for a second. You spent the last century and a half being a poster child for Prozac and now you expect me to believe that this new you has nothing to do with human blood. Nothing 
 Stefan: I'm clean 
 Damon: You're lying! 
 Stefan: Believe what you want 
 (Stefan leaves, Damon seems suspicious)  
 [Gilbert's house/Salvatore's house]  
 (Elena is in the kitchen; she opens the fridge and takes a bottle of water. She's on the phone with Stefan)  
 Elena: I'm sorry for the short notice; I didn't even know that the contest was coming up much as less that I will be in it 
 Stefan: I will be happy to escort you anyway 
 Elena: My mom was really into this founder's day stuff. She was even Miss Mystic in her day. I want to do it for her 
 Stefan: It'll be great, we'll have fun 
 Elena: Okay, I'll see you tomorrow, I love you 
 Stefan: I love you too 
 (He hangs up. He has a blood pouch in his hands. He opens a drawer and hides the blood pouch in it. He goes in the basement and opens a fridge. There's a lot of blood pouch in it, he looks at it but Damon is looking at him in the shadow)  
 Damon: Well well, he's a liar and a thief. So, when are you gonna share?  
 Stefan: Go ahead, help yourself 
 Damon: No, no, no I'm talking about the fact that you have a closet blood junkie 
 Stefan: So, I'm drinking blood again. You're the one that shoved it on me, what's your problem? I have it under control 
 Damon: Under control? You've robbed the hospital! 
 Stefan: So, what's your point? 
 Damon: Fine, whatever man, drink up. Just remember, we're trying to keep a low profile. Why don't you just walk up to Sheriff Forbes and ask her to tap a vein? 
 Stefan: Have my actions negatively impacted you? I can't imagine what that must feel like 
 Damon: Yeah, what Elena thinks about the new… you? 
 Stefan: Nothing's changed; I'm still the same person 
 Damon: Clearly 
 Stefan: Elena doesn't need to know anything yet 
 Damon: You've been out the human stuff for years Stefan. If you're having problems controlling… 
 Stefan: I don't have any problems 
 Damon: Who do you think you're talking to? I know what it's like. The Jekyll and Hyde feeling, that switch, sometime you goes off and snap. Right now is not a good time for me to be worried about you snapping 
 Stefan: I know that it pains you to see this but I'm fine okay? I'm fine 
 (He takes a pouch from the fridge)  
 Stefan: So please, do me a favor and back off 
 (He closes the fridge and leaves)  
 [Founder's hall]  
 (Carol Lockwood and two others woman are interviewing the girls who are in the Miss Mystic Falls pageant)  
 Carol Lockwood: This year's queen will have the special honor of taking stage at the one hundred fiftieth founder's day gala. Before we crown a winner, we'd like to get to know a bit more about each of you 
 Caroline: I'm on the MF beautification comity; I volunteered the poor soup kitchen  
 Elena: I recognize that I haven't been as involved this year that I used to be 
 Caroline: I implemented this year's go green campaign at school 
 Elena: I've been distracted and I let a lot of things aside 
 One of the girls: I don't think it's wrong for me to win two years in a row 
 Amber: I was surprised to have been selected since I'm not one of the founding families 
 Elena: But I'm aware of what an honor this is and I want you to know that I take it seriously  
 Caroline: I worked for the recycling program and was in charge for the police's this year raffle 
 Tina Fell: Just because my D.U.I. made my community service mandatory doesn't mean that I was any less committed 
 Elena: This was really important to my mother. She believed in community, family, honor and loyalty. It's the legacy she'd left for me 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Someone is ringing the bell, Damon opens the door it's John. He enters in the house) 
 John: Hey partner! 
 Damon: What do you want? 
 John: You haven't return any of my calls 
 Damon: Most people take it has a hint  
 John: Where do we start looking for vampires? 
 Damon: How do you act John? You obviously don't care about catching vampires, you're here talking to me 
 John: Actually, I care very much 
 Damon: What Isobel says about that? I mean, considering that she is one 
 John: Isobel and I share a mutual interest. The original Jonathan Gilbert has an invention and it was stolen by a vampire. That vampire was then burned alive in Fell's church, that's what Jonathan thought and the invention was lost forever. But then the vampires weren't killed, were they? They were trapped and now they're free, thanks to you which means the invention is retrieval 
 Damon: What is it? 
 John: The only thing that matter is that I want it back and you're going to help me if you want your secret safe 
 Damon: Why bring me into it John? I mean, I don't know what you are talking about much less who has it 
 John: Oh come on Damon! You were around back then, you know what this people are, what they look like. He was friendly with a woman who turned out to be a vampire. Her name was Pearl. Is that ring a bell? 
 (Long pause, they look at each other)  
 Damon: I'm not playing anymore. Get out 
 John: I beg your pardon? 
 Damon: You know, I only entertain this whole blackmail skin thing of yours because I thought you and Isobel could lead me to Katherine but see, now I know you've no idea where Katherine is, because if you did you would know that Katherine and Pearl were best friends. See, you don't know everything did you? 
 John: I'll tell the entire council what you are 
 Damon: Go for it! I'll kill every last one of them. Then I'll sever your hand, pull your ring off, and I'll kill you too. Do you understand that? 
 [Mystic Fall's high school]  
 (Carol Lockwood is teaching dance moves to the girls who are in the Mystic Falls pageant and their partners)  
 Carol Lockwood: Stay focus, right hand around. Flirt with your eyes (Elena and Stefan are laughing) Left hand around 
 Elena: This is ridiculous 
 Stefan: You're only saying that because you don't know how to do it 
 Elena: Sorry. Only one of us was around when the dance was invented 
 Stefan: Ouch! 
 (He catches her arm and makes her turn around herself) 
 Mrs. Lockwood: No! No! There's no touching during this part. It's about the simple intimacy of the near touch 
 Stefan: If you ask me, the 'near touch' is overrated 
 Elena: You seem to be in a good mood 
 Stefan: Is that a bad thing? Would you prefer me to be burring and tortured? 
 Elena: Hey, I'm not complaining 
 (They dance)  
 (Caroline is in the hallway with Bonnie)  
 Caroline: The Fell cousins don't have a shot and Amber Bradley is only on the court so the pageant doesn't look like its founding families only which of course it is. So that leaves Elena which totally has a simply vote since her parents died. How can I compete with that? 
 Bonnie: Very nice, very sensitive 
 Caroline: Oh I'm sorry, this must sound really unimportant 
 Bonnie: It's okay, I get it, you want to win 
 Caroline: Well, my grandmother was Miss Mystic and both of my ants. My mom is the only one who didn't get the gene and I want this. I actually deserve this 
 (They leave, Bonnie falls into Elena and Stefan, and she's uncomfortable)  
 Elena: Hey 
 Stefan: Hey, how are you? 
 (She doesn't answer, Elena and Stefan feel that there's a problem)  
 Caroline: I begged Bonnie to have filled in for Matt, he had to work today 
 (Elena looks at Bonnie)  
 Elena: Bonnie, do you have a minute? 
 Bonnie: we only have 30 minutes for rehearsal 
 Elena: It'll only take a minute, please? 
 (They are going apart)  
 Elena: Bonnie you have to tell me what's wrong 
 Bonnie: It not worth talking about 
 Elena: What do you mean don't worth it? You barely said ten words to me and you won't even look at Stefan. Is that what it is? Is it Stefan? 
 Bonnie: Look, Elena, I can't just pretend that everything's okay. Everything my grams did was to protect us from those vampires from the tomb. And now they're out which means she died for nothing 
 Elena: I'm so sorry Bonnie, What can I do to make it better? 
 Bonnie: That just did, there's nothing you can do. I blame him Elena, him and Damon and I'm not gonna put you in a situation where you have to choose sides. I'm just having a hard time with it okay? 
 (Stefan is listening to them)  
 (Stefan is walking on the campus, one of the basketball players is hurt, he is bleeding. Stefan is not okay. Alaric arrives and touches him. Stefan strangles him)  
 Alaric: Are you okay? 
 Stefan: Yes, I'm sorry. I was just… feeling sick 
 (He leaves, Alaric watches him)  
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Elena goes down the stairs; she has her dress on the arm. Someone knocks at the door: it's Alaric)  
 Elena: Hey 
 Stefan: Hi 
 Elena: I heard you're driving 
 Alaric: Yeah I'm. Let me get that for you 
 (He takes the dress)  
 Alaric: Thanks 
 (He enters the house and closes the door)  
 Alaric: How… how is Stefan? 
 Elena: What do you mean? 
 Alaric: You know, he seems on edge 
 Elena: He went through a lot, he was in bad shape for a while but he's back now 
 (They look at each other, John arrives)  
 John: Alaric. Hey buddy what are you doing here? 
 Alaric: I'm the chauffeur 
 John: I thought I was driving 
 (Jenna goes down the stairs)  
 Jenna: No need, we go with Rick 
 Elena: Are we ready? 
 Jenna: Jeremy can drive with you 
 [Founder's hall]  
 (Anna arrives, she goes outside. Damon rejoins her)  
 Damon: n the running for Miss Mystic Falls? 
 Anna: Sometimes you have to wear uncomfortable heals to blend in. I remember this event from 1864, I was supposed to honor before everything happened 
 Damon: Ah, nostalgia's a bitch 
 Anna: If you're just gonna mock me can you move along please? 
 Damon: John Gilbert thinks your mom stole an aterfact from Jonathan senior, senior back in 1864 
 Anna: What are you, his errant boy? 
 Damon: I don't know what it is but I don't want him to have it 
 Anna: I could ask her but you know, you've made it pretty clear that you don't trust us so why should I even bother? 
 Damon: Because you want to stay in Mystic Falls and John Gilbert's in town, making that impossible. Find out where it is. He leaves and you can buy your welcome mat 
 (The girls are putting their make up on. Jenna is arranging Elena's hair)  
 Elena: Thanks for helping me 
 Jenna: Don't thank me until you're sure your hair isn't gonna burn off 
 Elena: You know I remember when my mom and I were first planning for this, she was excited 
 Jenna: So were you if I recall 
 Elena: I was. She's made it sounded like something so much fun. Lots of things changed then 
 Jenna: I hate to brake it to you but its little late for cold feet 
 Elena: I don't have cold feet. It's just… I think I'd be enjoying a lot more if she was here 
 (Long pause)  
 Jenna: Well I tell you one thing, your hair would had better chance if she was 
 Elena: Okay, I should go put my dress on. Be careful with that thing, don't hurt anybody 
 (She gets up and leaves, Caroline looks at her, she seems sad)  
 (Jeremy is outside, alone, John rejoins him)  
 John: You look miserable 
 Jeremy: Are they really a whole month of these events that I'm supposed to show up at? 
 John: You could fight it if you want but it's part of being a Gilbert 
 Jeremy: Yeah, you mentioned you know a lot about the family. You know anything about our ancestor Jonathan Gilbert? 
 John: Prolific writer, crazy inventor. Why do you ask? 
 Jeremy: Well, I read his journal 
 John: Is that right? 
 Jeremy: Yeah, I actually found it in all dads' stuff 
 John: Well, it's surprising. Most of them are locked away 
 Jeremy: There are more of them? 
 John: Jonathan Gilbert journaled his whole life. Right down his bedroom, insane, drunk and mad. The guy had a lot of demons 
 Jeremy: And did you read them? 
 John: Leafed through, yeah 
 Jeremy: What did you think about what he wrote? 
 John: Crazy ramblings of a mad man of course 
 (Long pause; He turns his head and sees Anna, he looks at her)  
 John: She's very pretty 
 (She looks at him and leaves)  
 Jeremy: Yeah, uh she's a friend of mine. Excuse me 
 (He leaves)  
 (Elena enters in a room to put her dress. Amber is already here, she's stressed)  
 Elena: Are you okay Amber? 
 Amber: I hate being the center of attention, I get panic attacks 
 Elena: You need some privacy so you can change? 
 Amber: Actually I'm gonna go get some air 
 (She leaves and clothes the door. Elena takes her dress, she sees Damon in the mirror)  
 Elena: Hey, you can't be back here 
 Damon: We need to talk 
 Elena: It has to be right now? 
 Damon: Normally I would have a completely different outlook of what I'm about to tell you but since it's really inconvenient to me, I'll squib 
 Elena: What are you talking about? 
 Damon: Stefan's still drinking human blood 
 Elena: What?! 
 Damon: Yeah, a month ago I would have ajoiced but with the council back on the alert, it is not a good time for Stefan to lose his mind 
 Elena: I know he's been a little edgy but he said that was normal 
 Damon: He has a fridge full of stolen blood bank contraband in the house 
 (She sits down on the couch)  
 Elena: Oh my god 
 Damon: He has no idea where normal is, his entire existence isn't normal. Normal to a vampire is drinking human blood but he spent all the time fighting it when he should have learn to control it and now it's controlling him instead 
 Elena: I can't believe it. I mean, it's Stefan that we're talking about here 
 Damon: Stefan on human blood Elena; he'll do anything, he'll say anything because is not gonna want to stop. Trust me 
 
 
 
 (Jeremy is running after Anna)  
 Jeremy: Anna! 
 Anna: What is it? 
 Jeremy: Come on, don't be like that 
 Anna: Why not? You were basically using me to turn you into a vampire so you can be with someone else 
 Jeremy: No, I wasn't using you 
 Anna: Really? And how would you like to define it? 
 Jeremy: Look, I don't think it's any worse of becoming friends with me so you can give to your mother my blood 
 Anna: How do you know that? 
 Jeremy: It's not important 
 Anna: Seriously Jeremy, what do you know? 
 Jeremy: Everything, I know everything 
 (Elena is still talking to Damon)  
 Elena: This is all my fault; I'm the one who fed him to blood in the first place 
 (Stefan enters, interrupting them)  
 Stefan: What's going on in here? 
 Damon: I was just filling Elena on your extra-curricular activities 
 Stefan (laughing): What are you talking about? 
 Elena: know about the blood Stefan 
 Damon: I'll be downstairs, drinking 
 (He leaves Stefan smiles)  
 Stefan: I was going to tell you 
 Elena: When? 
 Stefan: I'm fine. I'm fine, the blood, it doesn't change anything 
 Elena: It's changing you 
 Stefan: Why? Because I kept a secret from you? Come on Elena, look, giving the way you're reacting right now, can you really blame me for doing that? 
 Elena: Are you hearing yourself right now? You've been stealing blood and lying and you say that everything's fine? Everything's not fine Stefan! 
 Stefan: So what's you and Damon all the sudden have everything figured out then? 
 Elena: it‘s not about Damon. It's about what's happening to you 
 Stefan: I know and I'm telling you that I'm fine. I'm fine. Please come on. Elena I thought you… I thought you believed in me 
 (Someone is knocking on the door. It's Carole Lockwood)  
 Carole Lockwood: Elena, let's go. The line up's starting 
 Elena: I just… I need a minute 
 Carole Lockwood: You're not even dressed yet. Escorts wait downstairs Stefan 
 (He looks at Elena and leaves) 
 (Stefan goes into the bathroom and slams the door. He's angry. He puts his fist into the mirror and breaks it. Amber enters in the bathroom)  
 Amber: Oh my god, sorry! 
 (Stefan's face has changed; he goes towards her)  
 (The escorts, the mayor and a crowd of people are waiting for the girls) 
 Mayor Lockwood: Miss Tina Fell, escorted by Bartholomew Whitmore 
 (Tina goes down the stairs. Upstairs Caroline and Elena are waiting)  
 Caroline Lockwood: Has anyone seen Amber? 
 Elena (looking if she sees Stefan downstairs): Do you see Stefan down there? 
 (Caroline look above the balcony)  
 Caroline: Nope, just my boring fill in escort 
 Elena: What happened to Matt? 
 Caroline: They wouldn't let him out of work and what happened to Stefan? 
 Elena: I don't know, he just disappeared somewhere, I don't know. What am I doing? I never should have gone through this 
 Caroline: What do you mean? 
 Elena: I need to find Stefan, this isn't me, I'm not this person anymore 
 Caroline: No, no, no way, no. You had your chance to drop out and believe me I was of for it because there was no way that I could beat you. Elena, you're doing this because it was important to your mom 
 Mayor Lockwood: Miss Caroline Forbes and her escort Jeffrey Lockwood Hamilton 
 (She looks at Elena and goes down the stairs) 
 Carol Lockwood: Elena, you're next 
 (Jeremy is still talking with Anna)  
 Anna: You're missing Elena's introduction 
 Jeremy: I don't care 
 Anna: So, she has no idea you read her journal? 
 Jeremy: She keeps things from me, I'm gonna keep things from her 
 Anna: What are you gonna do now? Now that you know everything she's been hiding from you? 
 Jeremy: I don't know. There's a part of me that's so angry, you know, she has covered up what happened to Vicky and raised my memory but there's this other part of me that's glad. I… I don't want to remember Vicky like that 
 Anna: As a monster? 
 Jeremy: No, as someone who wanted to hurt me 
 Anna: When I met you, you were just a part of my plan to get my mother back but then things changed… All the time we spent together… I would never do anything to hurt you, not now. You know that right? 
 Jeremy: Yeah I know that 
 (They look at each other and smile. John is a behind them, he's heard everything)  
 (Stefan is in the parking lot with Amber; he holds her arm and makes her following him)  
 Amber: Where are we going? 
 Stefan: I don't know 
 Amber: I'm in the ceremony 
 (He pushes her against his car)  
 Stefan: No, now you're not 
 (He compels her)  
 Stefan: You're standing in the parking lot with me 
 Amber: I'm on the parking lot with you 
 Stefan: I'm sorry. I'm not very good to be around right now, I'm a little bit on the edge. I've been drinking the human stuff and it's screwing with my head. She knows now. God! She wasn't supposed to found out, I didn't want her to found out, now everything's ruined 
 Amber: You seem sad 
 (He laughs)  
 Stefan: I'm not sad. I'm freaking hungry! 
 (Elena is waiting upstairs)  
 Mayor Lockwood: Miss Elena Gilbert, escorted by Mister Stefan Salvatore 
 (Damon looks for Stefan. Elena goes down the stairs and looks for Stefan but she doesn't see him. Damon takes Stefan's place to escort Elena. She smiles and rejoins him)  
 Elena: Where is Stefan? 
 Damon: I don't know 
 (He takes her hand and they rejoins the others girls and their escorts outside)  
 Jenna: What is she doing with Damon? 
 Alaric: I have no idea 
 (The girls and their escorts begin to dance. Elena and Damon dance, they look at each other and smile. The dance end)  
 (Stefan is still on the parking lot with Amber)  
 Stefan: I don't hurt people, I don't do that, I'm the good brother 
 Amber: Do you want to hurt me? 
 (He looks at her)  
 Stefan: I want to kill you, I want to rip into your skin and I want to feel on your blood 
 (He touches her hair and looks at her neck)  
 Stefan: Under your skin, pulsating, floating 
 (He touches her neck) 
 Stefan: Your carotid artery right here. If you punch right you can control the blood flow. It takes practice but it doesn't have to make a mess, you don't have to waste any 
 Amber: What's stopping you? 
 Stefan (still touching amber's face): If I do this, if I give in, there's no going back 
 Amber: Then don't 
 Stefan: I just want one taste; all I need is just one more taste 
 (His face change) 
 Amber: One taste? 
 (He finally bites her and drinks her blood) 
 (The girls are on the stage, the mayor arrives)  
 Caroline: Where is Amber? 
 Elena: I don't know 
 Mayor Lockwood: Before I crown a winner, I'd like to offer a personal thank you to all of these young ladies for their efforts to better our community 
 (Everyone applause)  
 Mayor Lockwood: So, without further due it is my honor to announce our very own Miss Mystic Falls, Miss Caroline Forbes! 
 (She is surprised. She and Elena are laughing)  
 Elena: Congratulations 
 Caroline: I actually won 
 (They embrace each other; the mayor puts the scar on her shoulder)  
 (John and Sheriff Forbes are in the bathroom where Stefan was earlier)  
 John: There is blood on the glass 
 (They look at each other)  
 Sheriff Forbes: Get me Stefan Salvatore 
 (Stefan is still on the parking lot with Amber)  
 Stefan: I can't do this 
 Amber: What's the matter? 
 Stefan: I can't do this 
 Amber: It's okay, doesn't hurt that much, just not so hard next time 
 Stefan: Oh god oh god oh god! I can't stop 
 (He touches her face)  
 Stefan: Why aren't you afraid of me? 
 Amber: You told me not to be 
 Stefan: What? What's your name? 
 Amber: Amber 
 Stefan: Listen to me Amber. I need you to be afraid of me. I need to run like hell do you understand me? Run, run now! 
 (She runs)  
 (Damon is waiting for Elena, she rejoins him)  
 Elena: What is it, did you find him? 
 Damon: They were signs of struggling on the upstairs bathroom 
 (Bonnie is looking at them)  
 Damon: There was blood and that Amber girl is missing 
 Elena: Oh my god! He wouldn't hurt her, he won't! 
 Damon: Let's just find him okay? Let's get your coat come on! 
 (They leave, Bonnie follows them)  
 (Amber is running but she falls into Stefan) 
 Amber: You said to run! 
 Stefan: I changed my mind 
 (She screams and he bites her. Elena, Damon and Bonnie arrive)  
 Elena: Stefan! 
 (He releases her)  
 Damon: Stefan, come on get control. It's okay, come on. Breath through a bit 
 (Stefan catches Damon and throws him against a tree. Damon gets up)  
 Elena: Stefan stop it! 
 (All the sudden Stefan holds his head, it hurts him. Bonnie is doing it to calm down Stefan. He looks at everybody)  
 Damon: It's okay Stefan 
 (Stefan runs and leaves) 
 (The police is here. Damon, Bonnie and Elena are still here)  
 Sheriff Forbes: She doesn't remember what happened 
 Damon: It's a good thing the girls got here before I did, she lost lot of blood 
 Sheriff Forbes (to Bonnie and Elena): You didn't see anything? 
 (Long pause, Elena and Damon look at Bonnie) 
 Elena: No, we just found her and called Damon 
 Bonnie: Is she gonna be okay? 
 Sheriff Forbes: It looks like it yeah. Why do you girls don't get back to the party? Damon and I can take it from here 
 Elena: Okay 
 (Elena and Bonnie leave; Damon stays with the Sheriff)  
 Sheriff Forbes: They didn't see the bite mark? 
 Damon: No, I got here before they got too close. There was too much blood, they couldn't see it clearly 
 (They look at each other)  
 (Bonnie goes to her car, Elena follows her)  
 Elena: Bonnie, can we talk about this? 
 Bonnie: There's nothing to talk about 
 Elena: Bonnie please 
 Bonnie: I told you I wasn't gonna make you choose but I need to make the choice for myself. Please just leave me alone 
 (She goes into her car, Elena looks sad)  
 (Jeremy is still talking to Anna. Jenna calls him) 
 Jenna: Jer, are you ready? 
 Jeremy: Just a sec 
 (She leaves and falls into John) 
 John: Who's that girl with Jeremy? 
 Jenna: His friend Anna 
 John: What's her story? 
 Jenna: why so nosy? 
 John: I'm just curious; he really seems to like her 
 Jenna: She's new in town I think. She and her mom Pearl, the family you're so rudely you try to prevent from buying Grayson's building 
 John (looking at Anna and Jeremy): Her mother's name is Pearl? 
 Jenna: Yes, so? 
 John: Well, I believe I already know all about her 
 (Alaric goes out, Elena is waiting for him) 
 Alaric: Good, there you are. Jenna wants me to get the car 
 (He looks at Elena, she's not okay) 
 Alaric: What happened? 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Damon is going home but Anna is waiting for him) 
 Damon: Anna, this is getting weird 
 Anna: We're here to talk 
 (Pearl arrives) 
 Damon: Not in the mood, today's been a no good, very bad day 
 Pearl: Annabelle tells me you're looking for something I took from Jonathan Gilbert 
 Damon: ‘m listening 
 (She gives him the device) 
 Damon: What is it? 
 Pearl: Jonathan was passionate by his inventions. He confided in me that he had created a detection device meant to track down the town's vampire element 
 Damon: It was a pocket watch 
 Pearl: That's what it turned out to be yes. But that's not what I stole. I discovered my mistake when I saw the watch in Jonathan's hand, the night he took us, its stile pointed in me 
 (Damon looks at the device) 
 Damon: So what is this? 
 Pearl: I have no idea but now it's yours 
 Damon: What's the catch? 
 Pearl: There is no catch. My daughter wants to stay here, I want to stay here. You refused to trust us and for good reasons. Consider this an apology 
 (He looks at them and leaves) 
 (Stefan enters in his bedroom, he tries to calm down. Elena arrives) 
 Stefan: You shouldn't be here 
 Elena: I know 
 Stefan: Now you know 
 Elena: That wasn't you 
 Stefan: oh, it was absolutely me. A monster, a predator, that's who I am Elena 
 Elena: That's what the blood makes you 
 Stefan: The blood brings out what's inside of me and if you think any differently then you're an idiot 
 Elena: I know this isn't you Stefan 
 Stefan: I wanted to drain every ounce of blood from that girl's body 
 Elena: No 
 Stefan: It's who I am Elena 
 Elena: No, you can't scare me off 
 Stefan: Why would you risk it? Why would you come here? 
 Elena: Because I did this, this is my fault; I'm the one who made you drink the blood 
 Stefan: All you did was expose me to who I really am 
 Elena: It isn't you 
 Stefan (screaming): Stop saying that! 
 (She begins to get closer to him) 
 Stefan: Don't get any closer to me 
 Elena: I'm not gonna let this happen to you 
 Stefan: Stop 
 Elena: Stefan, I'm not gonna give up on you! I believe in you! 
 Stefan: Stop! 
 (He pushes her against the wall) 
 Stefan: Stop! 
 (He hits the wall next to her head. She's afraid; he looks at her) 
 Stefan: I'm so sorry 
 Elena: It's okay 
 (He puts his head on her shoulder; He begins to cry) 
 Stefan: I don't know what's happening to me 
 Elena: It's okay Stefan shut. Its okay, you're gonna be okay 
 (She takes a vervain dart and puts it in his body. He falls and Damon enters in the room, she looks at him) 
 Damon: Sure you want to do this? 
 Elena: I'm sure 
 (They put him in a jail in the basement. He closes the door) 
 Damon: There's no guarantee it's going to work 
 Elena: It has to 
 Damon: Coming?  
 Elena: I'm gonna stay here 
 (She sits down; Damon looks at her and sits down too. She looks at him) 
 THE END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 