Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x15 - A few good men - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x15 - A few good men https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6253 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/27/10 18:19 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x15 - A few good men 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 A man's walking near the church , he ran into the vampire who escaped from the tomb. 
 Man:Jeez! You scared me. 
 Harper:Do you know what day it is? 
 Man:It's Saturday. 
 Harper:And what year? 
 Man:It's 2010. Are you OK? 
 Harper:Thank you. 
 Man:Wait, what's your name? 
 Harper:It's Harper, sir. 
 Man:How did you get out here?And why are you dressed like that? 
 Harper:You seem like a very nice person. I'm sorry. 
 Man:Sorry for what? 
 Harper bites the man and steals his clothes. 
 At Elena's home ,she's calling Bonnie. 
 Elena:Hey, bonnie, it's me just checking in,Seeing how you're doing. We miss you here. Don't let your aunt drive you too crazy. Come home soon. Love you. 
 Jenna:What are you doin' out here?It's cold. 
 Elena:Thinking, writing. The, uh, funeral for Bonnie's grandma,It brought back a lot about mom and dad. I was wondering. You said that you would do some digging about them,The adoption. 
 Jenna:Right. 
 Elena:So did you? Dig? 
 Jenna:Come on inside. Your dad kept everything from his medical practice-- 
 Records, logs, Old appointment books. I found an entry from the night you were born. Patient and a birth date. Isobel Peterson. 
 Elena:Do you think that's her real name? 
 Jenna:Pregnant teenage runaway?Probably not. First name, maybe. But where's she get peterson?Classmate? Best friend?So I binged it. IIII searched for all the petersons in this area Born the same year as isobel, found 3--2 men and a woman, trudie,Who lived in grove hilVirginia.ia. 
 Elena:That's not far from here. 
 Jenna: Well, watch this. 
 Elena:Isobel.She was a cheerleader. 
 Jenna:Trudie still lives there.This is her address. 
 Elena:What about isobel? 
 Jenna:I couldn't find anything about her.Listen. There's something else.Mr. Saltzman, rick,His wife was from around here,And her name was also isobel. 
 Elena:Wait. "was," as in... 
 Jenna:She died. 
 Elena's packing some clothes in her room and she's talking with Stefan. 
 Stefan:Alaric's wife might have been your mother? 
 Elena:it can't be true, right?I mean, the coincidence alone is just crazy.I have the address for her friend trudie. 
 Stefan:You wanna talk to her.I don't know. I... I--I don't know.If it's true and they are the same person,That means that my birth mother is dead,And I don't know if I could handle that. 
 Stefan:Elena, did jenna tell you anything about alaric's wife?How she died? 
 Elena:Just that she was killed and the case was never solved.You knew that already? 
 Stefan:The night at the school when he attacked me,He told me some things about her death. 
 Elena:Well-- 
 Stefan:no, no. It's not possible.The coincidence is-- it's too much.Now, listen, if you do decide to go Talk to isobel's friend,I'll go with you. Ok? 
 Elena:I just don't know what I'm gonna do yet. 
 Stefan:I should get goin'.I gotta go deal with damon. 
 Elena:How's he doing? 
 Stefan:He's dealing in his own way. 
 At Salvatores' place Damon's playing with girls. 
 Girl:How do I taste? 
 Damon:Oh, so much better than your friends.But shh. Don't tell them. 
 They might get jealous.[Stefan comes]No. Buzzkill bob.Greetings 
 Stefan:Can we talk? 
 Damon:Yeah. 
 Stefan:Without the tri-delts. 
 Damon:Anything you have to say to me,You can say in front of them.They're really good at keeping secrets.[They talk alone]You're worried about me.That's nice. Don't be.There's no need. I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?Spent the last 145 years with one goal,Get in that tomb. I succeeded.Granted, katherine wasn't in there to be rescued,But why dwell?No, it's so liberating not having a master plan,Because I can do whatever the hell I want. 
 Stefan:That's kind of what I'm afraid of. 
 Damon:Relax. I haven't killed anyone in-- too long. 
 Stefan:Those girls? 
 Damon:Will end up in their dorm with headaches,Think they blacked out. Business as usual.Predictable you didn't pull me over here for a pep talk.So drink up. Spill it, brother. 
 Stefan:There was a woman you may have known a few years back Named isobel in north carolina at duke. 
 Damon:You wanna discuss the women in my past right now? Seriously? 
 Stefan:You killed her. 
 Damon:What's your point? 
 Stefan:I just--just wanna know if you remember anything about her. 
 Damon:Oh, it's like a needle in a haystack, stefan. 
 Stefan:Well, think hard. It's important. 
 Damon:Nothing is important, not anymore.Great chat.I have to go and exploit some 
 women in the name of grief,Which I'm sure you understand."ttfn," said the tri-delt. Heh. 
 At Matt's place ,he's watching TV with Caroline 
 Matt:What? 
 Caroline:This is boring. I'm bored. 
 Matt:Waouh 
 Caroline:But we have this entire house to ourselves.I mean, it's practically a bachelor pad. 
 Matt:And... 
 Caroline:So shouldn't we do something A little bit more bachelor-paddy? 
 Matt:What? Something like this?[He kiss her] 
 Caroline:Something like that. 
 Matt: I don't know.This is a pretty good show. 
 Caroline:Seriously? 
 [They start getting their clothes off but matt's mother comes] 
 Kelly:Oh, god. Not on my couch. 
 Matt:Mom. Hey. 
 Alaric and Jenna are putting a "banderole" outside the Grill 
 Alaric:I don't know. It's just weird, you know,Me being raffled off like a disney cruise. 
 Jenna:In this town, Fundraising is like indentured servitude.You don't have a choice.Besides, you're a bachelor,And you're eligible, so there you go. 
 Alaric:Here. Let me help you with this. 
 [They kiss eachother] 
 Jenna:Oh, god. I can't believe I'm gonna do this. 
 Alaric:What? 
 Jenna:I am totally gonna ruin this moment,But I--I have to tell you.Elena recently found out she was adopted,And she's been looking for her birth mother...Whose name was isobel. 
 Alaric:Isobel? Like my wife?Isobel never had a baby. 
 Jenna:Are you sure?Not before you were together? 
 Alaric:Nope. No way. 
 [She shows him a picture] 
 Jenna:This is elena's birth mother. 
 Alaric:Ah, she, uh-- She never told me.I, uh-- I'm gonna go.Yeah, I'm gonna-- gonna go. 
 Elena goes at Trudie's place 
 Elena:Trudie? Tru-trudie peterson? 
 Trudie:Yes 
 Elena: Uh, my name is elena gilbert.I wanted to talk to you about isobel flemming. 
 Trudie:Well, I haven't heard that name in years.How do you know her? 
 Elena:I think that, um, well...Do you know if she had a baby that she gave up for adoption? 
 Trudie:My god. You're her daughter.I was just gonna make some tea. 
 Would you like some? 
 Elena:Sure 
 Trudie:Uh, the kitchen's this way. 
 Elena:I wasn't gonna come. I didn't think I was,But I was driving, and I hit this stoplight,And it made me think about when I was learning How to drive and then my mom would always warn me About this blind turn on the left-hand side,And then I was thinking about my mom, and--I had your address. I'm sorry for barging in. 
 Trudie:It's no problem. Just a surprise, though.I haven't thought about isobel in years. 
 Elena:When was the last time you saw her? 
 Trudie:About 17 years ago,When she left to go have you.We kept in touch for a while, But, well, you know, people drift apart. 
 Elena:And you don't know where she ended up? 
 Trudie:She was in florida for a while.She was on her own. I know it wasn't easy. 
 Elena:Do you have any idea who my father is? 
 Trudie:I could never get her to fess up.Anyway, she finally pulled it together, 
 Got into college on a scholarship. 
 Elena:Where did she go? 
 Trudie:Somewhere in north carolina.Duke, I think. Smart girl, smart school.Let me just grab that.[She send a message to Isobel] 
 Back to Matt's , he's speaking with his mother 
 Matt:So it's been a few months. Where you been? 
 Kelly:Ah, you know, here and there,Never one place too long.You know pete. 
 Matt: No, actually, I don't,Because you never brought him around. 
 Kelly:So blonde's the new flavor of the month, huh?So sorry I scared her off. 
 Matt:She's not a flavor, mom. I like her. 
 Kelly:So she's the one? 
 Matt:No,probably not, but maybe. 
 Kelly:Matt, seriously,lezzie forbes' daughter? Ucch. 
 Matt:Mom, seriously, Knock it off. 
 Kelly:Ice, please. 
 Matt:So, uh, you heard from vic? 
 Kelly:No, but don't worry.She'll come home eventually when she needs something. 
 I played that game. 
 Matt:Are you playing it now? 
 Kelly:No. 
 Matt:Then what are you doin' home? 
 Kelly:You trying to say I need a reason to come back?Sit down. Eat with me.Tell me everything I've missed, hmm. 
 Alaric meets Stefan in the park. 
 Alaric:Thanks for meeting me. Something's come up. 
 Stefan:Jenna told you. 
 Alaric:Yeah. 
 Stefan:So it's true.Your wife isobel was elena's birth mother. 
 Alaric:What does elena know? 
 Stefan:about your wife? 
 Alaric:About everything. About you, your brother. 
 Stefan:She knows what I am,And she knows that you know about the vampires. 
 Alaric:Does she know about damon and isobel? 
 Stefan:No. I couldn't tell her,not until I was sure. 
 Alaric:You said you'd help me. 
 Stefan:I asked damon without saying too much.He doesn't remember. 
 Alaric:Ask him again. 
 Stefan:Damon is not stable right now. 
 Alaric:You know, he murdered my wife Or at the very least made a meal out of her.When has he been stable? 
 Stefan:I'm telling you not to push this. 
 Alaric:Give me a reason not to. 
 Stefan:Your survival 
 Alaric:How's that for a reason? 
 Stefan:I'll handle it, but for now,I need you to let it go. 
 Alaric:Is that what you'll tell elena?Let it go? 
 Stefan:Leave elena out of this. 
 Alaric:I need to know what happened.I think you would, too. 
 Stefan:I need something more than just your wife's name,A picture, something I could show damon. 
 Flashback into Alaric's past. 
 Isobel:Just a few more minutes. 
 Alaric:Can't you, uh--Can't you finish this in the morning? 
 Isobel:But I like working at night. 
 Alaric:Yeah. See, I like sleeping at night.With you.Ok, I'll bite. What is it, thesis stuff?Look, baby, I'm in a 3-way here with you and your computer,The least you can do is let me know what you're up to. 
 Isobel:I was doing research, And I dug up all this stuff About this small town in 
 virginia near where I grew up.It's isolated, out of the way, And every now and then, people die mysteriously,And they say that it's animal attacks.Except, these bodies are drained of blood.It's vampires. It has to be. 
 Alaric:Ok. I'll get my garlic and holy water,And then maybe, just maybe... 
 Isobel:No. 
 Alaric:We can get some sleep. Come here. 
 Isobel:No. 
 Alaric:Look, this is why I love you,Because you believe in all of this stuff,So much so that you're making a degree out of it.You're like mulder, except hotter and a girl. 
 Isobel:This is not a joke, rick.You think that this is cute,But I'm gonna prove it. 
 [She kisses him]And mulder was right in the end. 
 Back to Trudie and Elena talking. 
 Trudie:Ah. They came to the games for us.The football team hadn't won in years. 
 We were the stars. Well, izzie was.But I was a damn good backup. 
 Elena:Heh. This is great. Thank you. 
 Trudie:You're welcome.You haven't touched your tea. 
 Elena:Oh. Yeah.[She drinks]What is this? 
 Trudie:Oh, it's just some herbal mixture. 
 Elena:Vervain?You know. 
 Trudie:Know what? 
 Elena:You didn't invite me in,And you're serving vervain tea.You know. 
 Trudie:I think that you should probably leave. 
 Elena:Wait. What are you not telling me? 
 Trudie:Please leave. Now! 
 Damon comes, Alaric's drinking Bourbon. 
 Damon:Bourbon. Rocks.Behold the teacher.Don't you have some papers to grade? 
 Alaric:It's, uh, more fun with a buzz. 
 Damon:Well, most things in life are.Sober's depressing. 
 Alaric:You don't strike me as somebody who gets depressed. 
 Damon:You say that like you know me. 
 Alaric:Nope. Just a hunch.[They look at eachother]You have a good afternoon. Damon:Not likely. 
 [Alaric leaves , Lizzie comes] 
 Lizzie:Daytime drinking, huh? 
 Damon:It's all the rage. 
 Lizzie:Listen, I need a favor. 
 Damon:You ever been in love? 
 Lizzie:Excuse me? 
 Damon:Have you ever been so bent on someone,That you just have your heart ripped out by them? 
 Lizzie:You forget I was married. 
 Damon:Right. Gay husband.[He looks at the barman]She'll have what I'm having. Sit down. 
 Lizzie:There's a fundraiser here tonight That the founder's council is throwing. 
 The town's most eligible bachelors get raffled off for dates,And, well, we're short a bachelor. 
 Damon:Is this what you do when there's no, um...Vampires? Organize bachelor 
 raffles? 
 Lizzie:Oh, trust me.At this point, I miss the vampires.Look, you're a hero to this town, damon.I know most people don't know it,But you are, and you're single and a catch.Oh, come on. Help me out.Carol lockwood won't let me live it down if I come up empty-handed. 
 Damon:You know, a room full of women clamoring to win a date with me Sounds tasty. 
 Lizzie:Thank you. 
 Damon:One thing.Can you get information on someone for me?Alaric saltzman, the history teacher.There's just something a little off about him,And I just-- I just wanna make sure that the high school Did their homework on this guy. 
 Lizzie:You got it. 
 Damon:Thanks. 
 Back to Trudies a man comes to see her. 
 Trudie:May I help you? 
 Man:Thank you for the text. 
 Trudie:You're welcome. I didn't tell her anything.I--I kept my promise. 
 Man:Good. 
 Trudie:The girl, though, She--she knew something. 
 Man:That won't be a problem.She won't get any closer to the truth. 
 Trudie:Good. So I'm done? 
 Man:Yes. You're done. 
 [She tries to Close the door but he stops her] 
 Trudie:No! I won't invite you in.You can't come in! 
 Man:I'm not a vampire, so, yes, I can. 
 Trudie:I don't understand.I did what you told me. I did my part! 
 Man:And now I have to do mine. 
 [He kills her] 
 
 
 
 At the Salvatores' Elena's searching Stefan. 
 Elena:Stefan. 
 Damon:Better.Me. 
 Elena:You look, um... 
 Damon:Dashing? Gorgeous? Irresistible? 
 Elena:Wrecked.You look wrecked. 
 Damon:No reason why.Do you know that I am one of mystic falls' most eligible bachelors? 
 Elena:Huh. 
 Damon:Yep. 
 Elena:How are you doing? 
 Damon:Never better.Yep. What can I do for you?I'm a barrel of favors today.It's my newfound purpose-how can I help people? 
 Elena:I'm just meeting stefan.We're going to the fundraiser. 
 [He tries to close is "chemise" but he can't] 
 Damon:Help a guy out, will you? Can't get this. 
 [She helps him] 
 Elena:So I found out who my birth mother is. 
 Damon:Ecch. Who cares?She left you. She sucks. 
 [Stefan comes] 
 Elena:Stefan. There you are. 
 Damon:Uhh. I need a bigger jacket. Wow. You know,An occasional sorority girl might, um,You know, help fill you out a little bit. 
 Elena:He's fine. 
 Stefan:He's damon. 
 Elena:Maybe this heartache will be good for him.It'll remind him that he has one, 
 even if it doesn't beat. 
 Stefan:Won't hold my breath. 
 Elena:So I went to see trudie peterson.I know. I'm sorry. I didn't plan it. 
 Stefan:How was it? 
 Elena:She has vervain.She knows about vampire stuff,And it can't be a coincidence. 
 Stefan:It isn't. This is alaric's wife. 
 [He shows her the picture Alaric's giving him] 
 Elena:This is her. This is isobel.He gave this to you? 
 Stefan:Everything he knows about vampires,he learned from her.He believes that she was killed by one. 
 Elena:Oh, my god. 
 Stefan:Listen, elena, there's a lot About isobel that alaric can tell you,But I need you to hold off a little while Before you talk to him. 
 Elena:Why? 
 Stefan:I know that it's a lot to ask of you,But will you do that for me? 
 Carol's announcing something for the raffle. 
 Carol:Tickets for the raffle are now on sale.All proceeds benefit the annual 
 founder's day celebration. 
 [Jenna and Alaric are talking] 
 Jenna:That's a good look for you. 
 Alaric:What? Embarrassing and uncomfortable? 
 Jenna:Yep. That's-- that's the one. 
 Alaric:Hey, look. I'm, uh, sorry about earlier.It was just kind of a--a shock. 
 Jenna:Well, I'm sorry for dropping it on you,But I felt like you should know. 
 Alaric:No, I get it. 
 Jenna:At some point, maybe you and elena could talk.I'm sure she'd like to hear 
 about isobel, what she was like. 
 Alaric:Yeah. 
 Jenna:Uh... Or not. No pressure. 
 Alaric:I don't know if that's a--a great idea.at least not--not for a while. 
 Back to the Salvatrores' they meet in the hall 
 Damon:Where'd our girlfriend go? 
 Stefan:She's on her way to the grill.I, uh, wanted to talk to you.[He shows him the picture of Isobel]This is the woman, isobel,From north carolina. Remember her now? 
 Damon:Who wants to know? 
 Stefan:I do. 
 Damon:Who else wants to know? 
 Stefan:Did you kill her? 
 Damon:Sorry. Don't know her.Hey, are you comin'?The real housewives of mystic falls await. 
 Back to the grill Elena , Caroline and Damon are talking. 
 Caroline:He's already been hit on, like, 35 times.He's total cougar bait. 
 Elena:Impressive. 
 Matt:More like embarrassing 
 [Kelly Comes] 
 Caroline:Hi, mrs. Donovan. 
 Kelly:Elena, honey. 
 Elena:Hi, kelly. 
 Kelly:Long time, no see. 
 Elena:How are you doing? 
 Kelly:Oh, same old.Oh. Matty tells me you broke his heart. 
 Matt:Mom. 
 Kelly:Just kidding. Calm down.He found his rebound girl.Oh.Here you go, sweetheart.However many that'll buy.[She gives money to Caroline]I just hope I don't get bachelor 3.I dated him in high school.Not impressive.in any way.[Caroline gives her tickets]Very exciting. 
 [Damon and Carol are talking] 
 Damon:I've got the big date planned.It's a romantic dinner,Secluded spot somewhere woodsy. 
 Carol:You're making me think I should buy a ticket. 
 Damon:Well, you are in charge.You could always rig it.[He sees Lizzie]Pardon me. 
 Lizzie:I ran the check on the history teacher.You want this before or after your big debut? 
 Damon:How's it look? 
 Lizzie:He checks out.Couple of speeding tickets.It's a rough story, though.Turns out his wife went missing A few years back in north carolina. 
 Damon:North carolina? She have a name? 
 Lizzie:Yeah. Isobel. 
 Damon:Isobel. 
 [Carol's introducing the Bachelors] 
 Carol:And what do you do, bachelor number 3? 
 Bachelor 3:Yeah, I'm a plumber. 
 Carol:Well, isn't that wonderful?We could always use more plumbers.Moving on.Number 4, "alaric saltzman."Wow. That's quite a mouthful.What do you do, alaric? 
 Alaric:I'm a teacher at mystic falls high. 
 Carol:Oh, beauty and brains, ladies.This one's a keeper. What do you teach? 
 Alaric:History. 
 Carol:History. Oh, well, give us a fun fact About mystic falls, something crazy. 
 Alaric:Uh, well... 
 Carol:He probably saving the best stories for his date.And last, but not least, Damon salvatore.We don't have much on you. 
 Damon:Well, I'm tough to fit on a card. 
 Carol:Do you have any hobbies, like to travel? 
 Damon:Oh, yeah. L.A., new york.Couple of years ago, I was in north carolina,Near the duke campus, actually.I think--I think alaric went to school there.Didn't you, rick?Yeah, 'cause I-- I know your wife did.I had a drink with her once.She was--she was a great girl.I ever tell you that? 'cause she was--She-- Delicious. 
 Jenna:Are you ok? 
 Elena:I just need some air. 
 [Outside Elena and Stefan are talking] 
 Stefan:Elena. 
 Elena:He killed her?Damon was the vampire that killed her? 
 Stefan:I don't know what happened.Alaric said that they never found the body. 
 Elena:Oh, my god. Stefan. 
 Stefan:I know. I'm sorry. I wanted to tell you,But I just-- I wanted to know more. 
 Elena:I was feeling sorry for him,Hoping that this whole katherine thing would change him.I'm so stupid. 
 Stefan:He doesn't know about the connection to you.I thought about confronting him,but he's already so on edge. 
 Elena:Why are you protecting him? 
 Stefan:Because you're not the only one hoping that he might actually change. 
 Elena:That man.I saw that man outside of trudie's. 
 Stefan:Get back inside. Come on. 
 [Carol's announcing the winners] 
 Carol:And bachelor number 3 goes to 37458. 
 Kelly:That's me. 
 Carol:Ah. Kelly donovan. Lovely.You and the plumber should have so much fun. 
 [She goes to take her price] 
 Caroline:Congratulations, mrs. Donovan. 
 Kelly:Ok, just stop. Stop trying so hard.This thing you're doing, this nice thing, it's fake,Like you, like your mom,And for some reason, matt fell for it,But that doesn't mean that I will.I don't like you, ok?So tell plumber boy I'll be at the bar. 
 Caroline:Ok. 
 [Elena comes inside ,she runs into Damon] 
 Damon: Whoa. Easy there.Buy a ticket like everyone else. 
 Elena:Did you enjoy that,Rubbing it in to alaric saltzman? 
 Damon:What? 
 Elena:Just as I was starting to think that there Was something redeemable about you. 
 Stefan:Elena. 
 Damon:Am I missing something here? 
 Elena:Did I forget to mention earlier when we were talking About my birth mother,The one that gave me up?Her name was isobel.Go ahead. Reminisce about how you killed her. 
 [Elena and Stefan go out , they meet the man] 
 Stefan:Come on. Let's get you home. 
 Man:I have a message for you. 
 Elena:What? 
 Stefan:Who are you? 
 Man:Stop looking. 
 Elena:Stop looking for what? 
 Man:She doesn't want to know you.She doesn't want to talk to you. 
 Elena:Isobel? 
 Man:You need to stop looking. Do you understand? 
 Elena:She's alive? Does that mean she's a-- 
 Stefan:Elena, he's under a compulsion. 
 Man:Do you understand? 
 Elena:Yes. I do. 
 Man:Good.I'm done now. 
 [He kills himself , Elena screem] 
 Stefan:Come on. Let's get out of here. 
 [Carol continues to announce the winners] 
 Carol:37649. 
 Jenna:That's me. 
 Carol:Congratulations.And bachelor number 5, damon salvatore.37552. Would you look at that. 37552.What are the chances? Me.Where'd he go? 
 [Alaric and Jenna are talking] 
 Alaric:I'm gonna call you later. 
 Flashback to Alaric' past. 
 Alaric:I think it's time to let this vampire crap go.I mean, the research, the trips, 
 it's become an obsession. 
 Isobel:Well, this is important to me, rick. 
 Alaric:Why? Why is it so important?Explain it to me. I mean, make me understand.I mean, what's the point of this?You don't want kids. You're barely ever home.I just want us to be normal people. 
 Isobel:Maybe I don't want to.Maybe I want more. 
 Back to present Matt's getting Kelly drunk back home. 
 Matt:Here we go. Home, sweet home. 
 Kelly:Wait. Why--why are we back here?I wasn't ready to leave. 
 Matt:Yeah, you were, mom. 
 Kelly:You're the best, matty. 
 Matt:I know. 
 Kelly:I'm--I'm sorry... I was gone so long. 
 Matt:Why are you really home, mom? 
 Kelly:It's pete. He's gone,And it's all my fault.I did it. I always do it. 
 Matt:No, you didn't, mom. It's not your fault. 
 Kelly:You're all I have left.Please don't leave me. 
 Matt:I'm not goin' anywhere. 
 At the Salvatores' Damon's drinking , Alarics come. 
 Damon:Are you really this stupid?Guess so [He hurts him]You gonna put down the stake?Wow. That's courage. 
 Alaric:Where's isobel?What have you done to my wife? 
 Damon:You want me to tell you I killed her?Would that make you happy?Because I think you know what happened. 
 Alaric:I saw you feeding on her. 
 Damon:Yeah.I did, and I wasn't lying.She was delicious.[He baddly hurts Alaric]Oh, come on. What do you think happened?Not an inkling?Never considered the possibility?I turned her. 
 Alaric:Why? 
 Damon:She came to me, all pathetic,Looking for vampires.There was something about her,Something I liked.There was something special. 
 Alaric:You turned her because you liked her? 
 Damon:No, I slept with her because I liked her.I turned her because she begged me to.Yeah. But you knew that, too, didn't you?Hmm. I guess she wasn't happy at home,Wasn't happy with life in general,Wasn't happy with you.[He hurts him again] 
 Alaric:Gaah! 
 Damon:Ah, this is a shame.We're kindred spirits,abandoned by the women we love.Unrequited love sucks.Sounds like I got a lung.Which means I get to sit 
 here and watch you die. 
 [He sits , Alaric dies and Stefan comes] 
 Stefan:What happened? What did you do? 
 Damon:Dude, what? He attacked me. 
 Stefan:Damon. 
 Damon:All I did was tell him the truth.His wife didn't want him anymore.It's not my fault he couldn't handle it. 
 Stefan:Like you've been handling katherine? 
 Damon:I'm handling it fine. You know what?Isobel came to me. She found me.And if she's related to elena,That means she's related to katherine.Maybe katherine sent her to me. 
 Stefan:Stop it. You don't have to keep looking. 
 Damon:Can't be a coincidence isobel sought me out.Can't. I'm assuming you'll take care of this. 
 [Alaric moves] 
 Alaric:What happened? What's going on? 
 Stefan:You were just... Did damon turn you? 
 Alaric:No. I went for him, And then he stabbed me. 
 Stefan:No, no, no. You must have vampire blood in your system.Somebody slipped it to you. 
 Alaric:No. It's... it's something else. 
 Stefan:Then how? 
 Alaric:I...Isobel. 
 Flashback to Alaric's past. 
 Alaric:Surprise gifts aren't fair.I always feel bad for not getting you something. 
 Isobel:Just open 
 Alaric:Oh,that's a giant piece of jewelry. 
 Isobel:I know. It's ridiculous.Just tell people it's a family heirloom Nobody questions that. 
 Alaric:Where'd you get this? 
 Isobel:If I told you, you'd laugh at me.But promise me that you'll always wear it. 
 It'll protect you from all the things that go bump in the night. 
 Alaric:A ring to ward off the demons, eh? 
 Isobel:Consider it a-- a token of my love,My affection, and if nothing else,An apology for being so crazy. 
 Alaric:Well, you were definitely crazy. 
 Isobel:I'm selfish, and I'm obsessed,And I'm a horrible wife.But you love me anyway. 
 Alaric:Yes, I do. 
 Back to present , Alaric and Stefan are talking. 
 Alaric:This ring protected me.That's impossible. 
 Alaric:I know. 
 At Elena's ,she's looking at a picture , then she calls the last number on the man's phone. 
 Woman:Was there a problem?Did you find her? What's going on? 
 Elena:Isobel? 
 At pearl's Harper's knocking on the door. 
 Woman:Pearl.It's harper. 
 Pearl:I'm glad you found us.Ms. Gibbons, This gentleman is a friend of mine.May he come in? 
 Miss Gibbson:Any friend of pearl's is a friend of mine.Please do. Come in. 
 Pearl:Annabelle, close the door, please. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 