Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Founder's Day - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Founder's Day https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6260 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/15/10 14:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Founder's Day 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Gilbert's house/Salvatore's house]  
 (Elena and Stefan are preparing themselves for founder's day. She puts her necklace. Jenna helps Elena putting her dress) 
 Elena: Ouch, this dress hurts 
 Jenna: Suck it in baby 
 [Mystic Falls' high school] 
 (Everybody is preparing founder's day. Carol Lockwood is supervising everything) 
 Carol Lockwood: No, no, no, no, no! It's all wrong! The marching band should be in front at the historic society. Matt get up on the float. Boys, I asked you to put chairs on the founder's float 
 (Stefan is standing alone, waiting. Damon arrives) 
 Damon: Look at you, all retro 
 Stefan: What are you doing here? 
 Damon: Why wouldn't I be here? Bonnie deactivated the gilbert invention, Isobel is gone and it's founder's day! I'm here to pick candy and steal your girl 
 Stefan: Don't start with me Damon 
 Damon: Oh, you started this Stefan with that whole ‘I'm insecure, leave Elena alone" speech. I'm enjoying that 
 Stefan: As long as you heard it 
 Damon: What? You've no sense of humor Stefan 
 Stefan: Actually I've no sense of Damon humor 
 Damon: Damon humor… Hey look, I get it, I get it. I'm the better, hotter, superior choice and you're scared, now that Katherine is out of the picture, that I'm turning all my attention to Elena. But don't worry, Elena is not Katherine 
 Stefan: You're right, she's not 
 (Damon looks at something, he looks surprised; Stefan turns his head, they both look at Elena. She looks exactly like Katherine. She looks at them and smiles) 
 [Gilbert's house]  
 (Jeremy is in his bedroom, putting his clothes on for founder's day. Anna arrives) 
 Jeremy: Anna 
 Anna: Look at you 
 Jeremy: I know it's stupid uh? I'm part of the parade but how are you? I've been so worried and I feel awful 
 Anna: Why? You didn't kill my mother, you uncle did 
 Jeremy: Are you sure it was him? 
 Anna: Who else would have done it? 
 John: He doesn't understand Anna, it's who he is. He hates all vampires. He's just doing what's he thinks is right 
 Anna: Are you defending him? 
 Jeremy: No, no way. It's just… I do understand where he's coming from. He's convinced all the tomb vampires want revenge on this town and he's just… trying to protect it 
 Anna: They do want revenge or at least they did but that's why we separated from them. My mom wasn't after revenge; she just wanted her life back. I have to get out of this town Jeremy 
 Jeremy: You're leaving? 
 Anna: I've been thinking, you can come with me, I could turn you. I mean, you said you wanted me to. There 
 (She gives him a flask with her blood) 
 Anna: It's my blood. If you die with it in your system you'll come back 
 Jeremy: Anna… 
 Anna: I know you, what it's like for you… being alone, always feeling empty inside, no one to understand. But when you're a vampire you don't have to feel that way, you can shut it off. I can show you how 
 Jeremy: I wanted to, I did. 
 (He turns himself to not have to look at Anna. She looks sad)  
 Jeremy: But I don't think I can. Sorry 
 (He looks at the flask. He looks at his bedroom, Anna is gone)  
 [Mystic Falls' high school]  
 (Elena and Stefan are talking)  
 Elena: John?! Is that even possible? 
 Stefan: There is no proof but he dated Isobel when she was a teenager and he was the one who brought her to your dad's office for the delivery 
 Elena: My whole life I've never like this man. I… 
 Stefan: Sorry, I'm sorry. I just… I wanted to tell you before Damon drop it on you on some typically inappropriate way 
 Elena: No, I'm happy that you told me I just… I really hope that it's not true. What I am supposed to do? Do I just… confront him and say "are you my biological father?" 
 Stefan: Yes when you're ready 
 Elena: I'm never gonna be ready. Stefan, I have enough problems with the family that I actually care about. Jeremy hates me and why wouldn't he? My journal gave him every single reason to 
 Stefan: He's just hurt, he's confused 
 Elena: He's never going to forgive me for Vicky, for taking away his memory, for lying to him. 
 Stefan: He's your brother, he'll forgive you. Just give him some time 
 (Caroline is taking pictures with Matt)  
 Bonnie: Say cheese! 
 Caroline (to Matt): Oh wait! Hide your cast, it's not era appropriate 
 Matt: Seriously? 
 Caroline: Yes 
 Matt: Okay, fine 
 (Bonnie takes the picture, Tyler arrives) 
 Caroline: I want one with Bonnie now 
 Tyler: Here, I can take it 
 (Matt looks at him)  
 Matt: I'll be on the float 
 (Tyler looks at Caroline and smile)  
 Tyler: I said I was sorry 
 Caroline: You made out with his mother and then you beat him to a plop. You're gonna have to do a little bit better than sorry 
 (She looks at him and leaves)  
 (Elena is running after Jeremy) 
 Elena: Jeremy! I was wondering where you were. You look great and you did a really great job on the float 
 Jeremy: Go away Elena 
 Elena: Jeremy come on please! I don't want it to be like this between us 
 Jeremy: Why don't you have Damon raise my memory again? Then I could go back to be your inner dark little brother 
 Elena: Jer, please 
 Jeremy: Just don't! You can't fix this that easily; something like this doesn't just get fixed 
 (He looks at her and leaves)  
 (The floats are parading. Carol Lockwood comments everything)  
 Carol Lockwood: Let's get a big applause to the Mystic Fall's high school Marching Band! 
 (The marching band and the cheerleaders parade, everyone applause and scream)  
 Carol Lockwood: And for a little local history, Mr. Saltzman students have recreated Virginia's battle of Little Creek 
 (The float arrives in the street. Jeremy and Tyler are in it, they say hi to everyone) 
 Carol Lockwood: Ladies and gentlemen please welcome our stunning Miss Mystic Falls court and their handsome escort 
 (Elena, Stefan, Caroline and Matt are on the float; they laugh and say hi to everyone) 
 Carol Lockwood: This is Caroline Forbes, Miss Mystic Falls. Aren't they beautiful? 
 (Bonnie is in the crowd. She smiles and says hi to Elena. Elena smiles and says hi to Bonnie. Damon arrives and smiles and says hi to Elena. She looks a little uncomfortable and she doesn't looks at him. She looks at Stefan and says hi to the rest of the crowd. Damon turns himself and sees Bonnie) 
 Bonnie: What do you want? 
 Damon: Just watching the parade 
 (She begins to leave)  
 Damon: Where are you going? 
 Bonnie: Away from you 
 Damon: I wanted to say something to you 
 Bonnie: Just leave me alone 
 Damon: Thank you. The device that Emily spelled could have killed me. I don't take what you did lightly so… thank you 
 Bonnie: I did it for Elena 
 Damon: I know that but I'm still very grateful and… I owe you 
 (They look at each other for a while)  
 Damon: Enjoy the parade 
 (He leaves) 
 Carol Lockwood: Let's cheer for the Mystic Fall's high school football team. Alright! Let's show them our support everybody! 
 (The float and the cheerleaders arrives) 
 [Grayson's Gilbert's office]  
 (John is with Mayor Lockwood, he's preparing the device) 
 John: This is the key. Once inserted, the device will be activated. It will work only once for an estimated time of 5 minutes 
 Mayor Lockwood: Yes, how does it work? 
 John: It's a high pitch frequency that humans can't hear. Any vampires in a five block radius will be incapacitated, exposing them. At that time the sheriff V5 DPTS will inject them with vervain and bring them here, when we will finish them all 
 Mayor Lockwood: And you're certain they're attacking tonight? 
 John: I had a source. One of the vampires from the tomb confirmed the attack 
 [A building]  
 (The vampires from the tomb are doing a meeting. Their chief is speaking)  
 The chief: Everybody listen up! Plan stays the same. We wait until the firework start, until then we blend in. Stay apart of the celebration; they'll never see us coming 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 John: They want revenge for what our ancestors did in 1864. It makes us their target 
 [A building]  
 (The chief is showing the others vampires a plan of the Mystic Fall's square) 
 The chief: This area here is the stage. This were the founding families are gonna be. Any questions? 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 Mayor Lockwood: We're taking an enormous risk. We're talking about our families John! 
 [A building]  
 (Anna arrives) 
 The chief: Anna? What are you doing here? 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 John: This is the only way to drew all them out and kill them… all of them 
 [Mystic Grill] 
 (Damon is standing alone, Elena arrives, and he looks at her. Elena has changed her clothe) 
 Damon: I like you better like this. Period look, it… didn't suit you 
 Elena: Is that an insult? 
 Damon: Actually Elena, it is a compliment of the highest order 
 Elena: Look, o know Stefan is worried about our… friendship 
 Damon: Did he mention that to you too? 
 Elena: No, did he mention something to you? 
 Damon: No, nothing worth repeating 
 Elena: So, I think you should stop with the flirty little comments and that eye thing that you do 
 Damon (smiling): What eye thing? 
 Elena: Don't make me regret being your friend okay? 
 (He seems hurt. Elena looks at Jeremy who's siting alone. She looks at him and goes toward Jeremy. Damon looks at them) 
 Elena: I don't believe that we can't fix this. I lied, I was wrong but you're my brother Jer and I love you and I have to fix it. So just tell me, what can I do? 
 Jeremy: You can to hell Elena 
 (He gets up and leaves. Damon looks at him) 
 [Mystic Falls' square]  
 (Jeremy is walking, Damon walks behind him) 
 Damon (mocking at Jeremy): "I have so many emotions, but I don't have any way to express them. Being a teenager is so hard!" 
 Jeremy: You dick! 
 Damon: You do not talk to me like that! I'm not your sister. And for now on (He catches his arm) don't talk to your sister that way 
 Jeremy: So, you're going to kill me just ‘cause I hurt Elena's feelings? 
 Damon: Got her some snack 
 Jeremy: She raised my memory 
 Damon: No, I did! She was protecting you 
 Jeremy: It wasn't her call to make 
 (He tries to live but Damon holds his arm) 
 Jeremy: let go of me before I call a scene 
 Damon: You'll be unconscious before you even got a word out 
 (Stefan arrives) 
 Stefan: Let him go 
 (Damon releases him. Stefan puts himself between them and looks at Jeremy) 
 Stefan: Are you alright? 
 Jeremy: Yeah 
 Stefan (looking at Damon): What my brother is trying to say is don't blame Elena for this. Damon turned Vicky, I killed her. She was a threat to you and she was a threat to your sister. I'm sorry that it happened, I wish that it hadn't 
 (Damon looks at Stefan) 
 Jeremy: She won't have me forget 
 (He leaves) 
 Damon: Good cab, bad cab, I like it 
 Stefan: What are you doing? 
 Damon: He's been a punk 
 Stefan: Elena's relationship with her brother is not even your business. Stay out of it! 
 Damon: Oh, there's only one "too good here" role available. My bad I'm sorry 
 (He laughs) 
 Stefan: Get over yourself. We both know you're not doing this for the right reasons 
 Damon: You see, there you go with that jealousy act again. What are the right reasons Stefan? In light me please! 
 Stefan: Well, see Damon, it's only real when it comes from your desire to do the right thing for nothing in return and I know that it is an entirely foreign concept to you. I completely understand that you wouldn't get it 
 (He looks at him and leaves) 
 [Sheriff's office] 
 (Sheriff Forbes is talking with John and Mayor Lockwood) 
 Sheriff Forbes: You want to use our town as bait? It's too dangerous, too insane 
 (She closes the door) 
 Mayor Lockwood: You've got over the plans with you DPDS, they're all on board 
 Sheriff Forbes: You've gone behind me? 
 Mayor Lockwood: Yeah because we know this is exactly how you'd react 
 Sheriff Forbes: Our children are here 
 John: Liz, we need to do this. We have no choice; this is the reason for the secret council. Our founding fathers created the secret council for just this purpose 
 (Long pause. They look at each other) 
 Sheriff Forbes: I'm the Sheriff, it's my call and I say no 
 John: Richard, let me speak to the Sheriff alone 
 (He looks at them and leaves) 
 Sheriff Forbes: John, you're not thinking clearly, I'm not gonna change my mind about this 
 (She turns her back and goes toward her desk. John hits her behind the head; she's unconscious. He removes her guns and attaches her with her handcuffs. He looks at her and leaves)  
 [Mystic Falls' square] 
 (Its night, Damon is looking everywhere, walking when he falls into Anna)  
 Damon: You're still around? 
 Anna: There's something you need to know. The vampires from the tomb are planning an attack tonight 
 Damon: How do you know this? 
 Anna: I went to them. They think I'm with them but I'm not. They want the founding families dead 
 Damon: When is it supposed to happen? 
 Anna: When the firework start 
 (Long pause)  
 Damon: John Gilbert wants to use that invention on them 
 Anna: Then we can't be here 
 Damon: It doesn't work, it's deactivated 
 Anna: Well, then a lot of people are gonna die  
 Damon: Where are they right now? 
 Anna: They're already here Damon 
 (The tomb vampires doing a meeting in front of a building) 
 The chief: Remember, we don't know which of them injects vervain. It's not about the feed, it's about the kill. You know what to do 
 (They go in the crowd)  
 (Damon is walking toward Alaric)  
 Damon: Rick! 
 Alaric: Yeah? 
 Damon: You keep those naughty little vampires darts in the car? 
 Alaric: Yeah, why do you ask? 
 Damon: Because this square is crawling with tomb vampires. I think we might need a stake or two 
 Alaric: Yeah, got it 
 (Alaric leaves, Damon sees Stefan and Elena. He goes toward them and takes Elena's hand) 
 Elena: What are you doing? 
 Damon: Saving your life. Fifteen words or less… Tomb vamps are here, founding families are their target. (To Stefan) Get her out of here, now! 
 (Damon starts to leave) 
 Stefan: Wait, where are you going? 
 Damon: It's more than fifteen words Stefan 
 (He leaves) 
 Elena: Wait, Jeremy is out here somewhere 
 Stefan: Let's go find him, come on! 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Tyler is at the pool table. Matt and Caroline are sitting at a table, they look at him) 
 Caroline: There this time, freshman year, when Bonnie and I were in a fight and we swore that you would never talk again 
 Matt: Caroline, give it a rest 
 (Mayor Lockwood arrives at the Mystic Grill. He goes toward Tyler) 
 Mayor Lockwood: What are you doing here? I told you to go home 
 Tyler: I decided not to 
 Mayor Lockwood: If I tell you to do something you do it! 
 (He catches Tyler's arm and begins to scream) 
 Tyler: Let go of me! 
 (Caroline arrives) 
 Caroline: Mayor, is everything okay? 
 (Matt arrives too; the mayor looks at them) 
 Mayor Lockwood: Please Tyler; I need you to go home, now. Take your friends with you 
 Matt: why? What's going on? 
 Mayor Lockwood: I can't explain. All of you need to get home, now. Please 
 Tyler: Yeah, okay 
 (The mayor gives him his car's keys) 
 Mayor Lockwood: Here, take my car, it's on back. Caroline, Matt go with him 
 (They look at him and leave) 
 (Jeremy is in front of the restrooms. Anna goes toward him) 
 Jeremy: Anna what are you doing here? My uncle could see you 
 Anna: I don't care about that. I needed to find you. Come here 
 (They go in the restrooms) 
 [Mystic Falls' square]  
 (Mayor Lockwood is doing his speech) 
 Mayor Lockwood: For one hundred and fifty years, Mystic Falls has been the kind of town that everybody want to call home, safe, prospers, welcoming. And we have the founders to thank for that. That's why I'd like to dedicate this evening's firework display to their legacy 
 (Everyone applause, the tomb vampires on in the crowd, looking at the Mayor. He looks at one of the DPDS)  
 [Grayson Gilbert's office]  
 (John is waiting for the signal. One of the DPDS is with him) 
 John: Get position 
 (The DPD goes out. John goes toward the device and looks at it)  
 [Mystic Falls' square] 
 Mayor Lockwood: Enjoy the show! 
 (The firework starts. Mayor Lockwood and his wife are leaving. Tomb vampires are following them. Bonnie falls into one of them) 
 The chief: Excuse me, I'm sorry 
 Bonnie: I'm sorry 
 (He leaves, she looks at him. She understands what she is and follows him) 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (John is preparing the device, Damon arrives) 
 Damon: Do you have any idea of what you've done? 
 John: Yeah, as a matter of fact I do 
 (Damon goes toward him, John activates the device. Damon falls, he holds his head and screams)  
 [Mystic falls' square] 
 (Stefan falls) 
 Elena: Stefan, what's going on? What's happening? 
 Stefan: My head 
 Elena: What? 
 Stefan: My head 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (Damon is on the floor, holding his head and screaming. John is preparing a syringe with vervain) 
 [Mystic Grill]  
 (Anna and Jeremy are in the restrooms. Anna holds her head and begins to scream) 
 Jeremy: Anna what's wrong? 
 Anna: Please make it stop! 
 (We see a succession of images: Stefan is holding his head, Damon is holding his head. Anna is in Jeremy's arms screaming. The tomb vampires' chief falls, one of the DPDS injects him vervain. John injects vervain to Damon)  
 [Mystic Falls] 
 (Tyler is driving when he suddenly heard the device) 
 Tyler: What the hell is that? 
 Caroline: What's the matter? 
 Tyler: That noise 
 Matt: Wait, what noise? 
 (Tyler holds his head and begins to scream) 
 Caroline: Tyler! Tyler! 
 (He loses the control of the car) 
 Matt: Caroline, the wheel! 
 (She tries to hold the wheel, Tyler screams. The car crashes against a wall) 
 [Mystic Falls' square]  
 (Stefan is on the floor, holding his head. Elena's with him. A DPDS runs toward him but Alaric arrives and talks to him)  
 Alaric: Hey, I got this one. There's one over there. Take this, go! 
 (The DPD leaves. Alaric goes toward them and helps Stefan to get up. They go toward the stairs) 
 Elena: I don't know what happened, he just dropped 
 Alaric: Yeah, he's not the only one. The cabs have gotten everyone who's gone down, they injected them vervain 
 Elena: What? 
 (Long pause, they look at Stefan) 
 Elena: They're running up the vampires 
 (Carol Lockwood is with her husband. He's on the floor) 
 Carol Lockwood: Please help him, he just went down 
 (The DPDS inject him vervain) 
 [Mystic Grill] 
 (Anna and Jeremy are still in the restrooms) 
 Anna: ahhhhhhhh my head! 
 (She screams. One of the DPDS enters) 
 DPD (to the radio): I got one 
 (They inject her vervain, the other holds Jeremy) 
 Jeremy: Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, leave her alone! 
 (The DPD takes her, the other stays with Jeremy) 
 Jeremy: Leave her alone! Anna! 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (The device is stopped. John takes everything back and goes in the basement. Damon is on the floor, unconscious. DPDS are bringing more vampires) 
 John: The device is done; the only thing that keeps them down is vervain. We don't have much time, let's finish this. 
 (Damon begins to wake up; one of the DPDS is putting gasoline everywhere. John begins to leave but Anna catches his leg. She's on the floor. He looks at her) 
 John: Anna 
 (Damon turns his head and looks at them) 
 John (to the DPD): You can head up; I'll take it from here 
 (The DPD leaves, Anna tries to get up, Damon is still looking at them. John takes a stake from his back) 
 Anna: Please…no! 
 (He stakes her, Damon looks at him. John puts more gasoline. He goes up the stairs and puts gasoline on them. He goes out the basement and put the fire. Some of the vampires begin to burn. Damon looks at them) 
 
 
 
 [Mystic Falls' square]  
 (Stefan is better, he's talking with Elena) 
 Elena: Are you okay? 
 Stefan: It's like needles were piercing my skull and it just stopped 
 (Alaric arrives) 
 Alaric: I saw at least 5 vampires go down. They're taking them to your old family's building 
 Stefan: It's the Gilbert's device. It has to be 
 Elena: But how did he get it to work? Bonnie in spelled it 
 Alaric: Maybe she didn't 
 Elena: She did, we saw her do it 
 Stefan: No, no, no he's right. Think about it. We asked Bonnie to deactivate a device that could protect people against vampires 
 Elena: So we could protect you 
 Stefan: And Damon. Vampires. Where is Damon? 
 Alaric: I don't know. I haven't seen him since this started 
 Elena: Can you get my brother, take him home? 
 Alaric: Of course 
 Elena: Let's go 
 [Sheriff's office] 
 (Sheriff Forbes is still attached to the radiator. Carol Lockwood arrives) 
 Carol Lockwood: Liz, are you okay? 
 Sheriff Forbes: There's a key on my… 
 Carol Lockwood: What's going on?! 
 Sheriff Forbes: There's a key in my belt, I need you to take it 
 (She takes the key) 
 Carol Lockwood: I've been looking everywhere for you, something happened to Richard. They took him 
 Sheriff Forbes: who took him? 
 Carol Lockwood: Your DPDS. I don't understand, he's not a vampire 
 (Sheriff Forbes opens her handcuffs and gets up) 
 Sheriff Forbes: Let's go 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (The basement is on fire. Damon looks around him and sees the mayor) 
 Damon: Mayor. Is that you? 
 Mayor Lockwood: What are you doing here? 
 Damon: I'm a vampire. What's your excuse? No, really. The vervain doesn't affect you, you're not a vampire, what the hell are you? 
 (The mayor goes back; he tries to get away from Damon. He falls into the tomb vampires' chief) 
 The chief: Mayor Lockwood! 
 (He kills him) 
 [Mystic Falls] 
 (Matt and Caroline are out of the car; an ambulance is here, Tyler is on the floor, unconscious) 
 Matt: Hey, are you okay? 
 Caroline: I'm fine, I'm fine 
 Matt: No, they need to check you out 
 Caroline: No, I'm fine I'm fine. They're helping Tyler 
 (The doctors are examining Tyler. One of the doctors opens one of his eyes, he is black, red, yellow and orange) 
 Doctor 1: What the hell?! 
 Matt: What's wrong? 
 Doctor 1: His eyes 
 (They look at him when suddenly Tyler wakes up) 
 Tyler: What happened? 
 Matt: Dude, don't scare me like that 
 (Matt turns his head, Caroline is on the floor, unconscious) 
 Matt: Caroline! Guys over here! Caroline wake up! 
 [Mystic Falls' square] 
 (Elena and Damon are walking when suddenly Stefan hear the fire) 
 Stefan: Wait, wait, wait, I can hear them. The building is on fire 
 Elena: What? 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (The building is still on fire. Damon tries to gets up but a beam falls on his head) 
 [Mystic Falls' square] 
 (Elena and Stefan go toward John, talking to him) 
 Elena: Where is Damon? 
 John: With the rest of them where he should be. It's over for Damon 
 Elena: You're crazy 
 John: Why? Because I'm doing what should have been done a hundred and fifty five years ago? This is the right thing Elena 
 (Stefan is looking at the building. John looks at him) 
 John: Go ahead, you won't make it out. It'll save me the trouble of killing you myself 
 (Stefan looks at Elena) 
 Stefan: You now the building well, is there another entrance in? 
 Elena: The emergency door, she's on the side 
 (He goes toward the building, Elena follows him but John catches her arm) 
 John: You take one more step and I tell those DPDS that they missed a vampire 
 Elena: I'm asking you not to 
 John: That doesn't mean anything to me 
 Elena: As my father it should 
 (Long pause, they look at each other) 
 John: You know 
 Elena: I wasn't sure but now I am 
 (She looks at him and goes toward the building) 
 [Grayson Gilbert's office] 
 (Stefan runs on the emergency door but Bonnie arrives) 
 Bonnie: Hey, you can't go in there! 
 (Stefan opens the door) 
 Bonnie: Fire will take you out 
 Stefan: He's my brother Bonnie 
 (He goes into the building, he tries to open the basement's door but the doorknob is too hot. Bonnie is looking at the building when Elena arrives) 
 Elena: Stefan! 
 Bonnie: Elena, you can't go in there! 
 Elena: Bonnie, what are you doing? 
 Bonnie: I'm sorry I lied to you 
 (She catches Elena's arm, closes her eyes and begins to recite a spell) 
 Elena: Bonnie I've got to get in there! 
 (Bonnie is still reciting the spell. In the building, Stefan can finally open the door but the fire is too big. Suddenly the flames diminish, thanks to Bonnie's spell. Stefan goes into the basement and finds Damon) 
 Stefan: Damon! Come on, hurry 
 (He catches him and they go out of the basement. Outside bonnie finishes her spell and looks at Elena) 
 Elena: Bonnie… Bonnie what is it? Are they gonna be okay? 
 (Stefan and Damon go out of the building, Elena runs toward them) 
 Elena: Oh my god! 
 [Mystic Grill] 
 (Elena is standing alone, Stefan rejoins her) 
 Elena: The fire is out. Story is that building's old wirings caused it 
 Stefan: Did you see where Damon went? 
 Elena: No, he just kind of disappeared 
 (She embraces him) 
 Elena: I'm so glad you're okay 
 Stefan: I try so hard… to hate him. Now I guess it's just pointless 
 Elena: You care about him, so do I but I love you Stefan and I know that you are worried about that 
 Stefan: I just… you know, I know my brother 
 Elena: But I love you Stefan 
 Stefan: I know the trouble he can cause 
 (She takes his face in her hands) 
 Elena: I love you Stefan, you! 
 (They look at each other and she kisses him) 
 Elena: You have nothing to worry about okay? 
 (She kisses him again) 
 Elena: Jenna called, Jeremy's home, I'm just gonna run over the school to pick up my dress, my clothe and the rest of my stuff and then I'll check on him 
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Jeremy is on his bed; he looks at the flask, gets up and puts it in his drawer. He turns his head: Damon is here) 
 Jeremy: What are you doing here? 
 Damon: Anna's dead 
 Jeremy: I figured that once they took her away 
 Damon: I know you cared about her 
 Jeremy: Yeah I did 
 Damon: I saw her killed. I was watching and all I could think about was… I wanted to help her but I couldn't 
 Jeremy: Why are you telling me all this? 
 Damon: I took away your suffering once before, I can do it again but it's your choice 
 Jeremy: Look, I know you think you took it away but it's still there. Even if I can't remember why I still feel empty, alone and making me forget won't fix it. It won't fix what's really wrong 
 Damon: What I did to Vicky was wrong. Sorry for my part 
 Jeremy: Anna said that don't have to feel pain; that they could turn it off if they shut out their humanity 
 Damon: It's very true. 
 Jeremy: Is it easier that way? 
 Damon: Is what easier? 
 Jeremy: Life 
 Damon: Life sucks either way Jeremy but at least if you're a vampire you don't have to feel bad about it if you don't want to 
 Jeremy: Is that what you did? 
 Damon: I did it for a… I did it for a very long time and life was a lot easier 
 (He looks at Jeremy and leaves) 
 [Mystic Falls' hospital] 
 (Matt is sitting alone, Tyler rejoins him) 
 Tyler: Hey man. I'm so sorry. Look, I don't even know what happened 
 Matt: It's okay man 
 (Tyler sits down with him, sheriff Forbes arrives. Matt gets up) 
 Matt: What's happening, is she alright? 
 Sheriff Forbes: There was some internal bleeding; they're taking her to surgery 
 Matt: What else did they say? Is she gonna be okay? 
 Sheriff Forbes: They're gonna do everything they can 
 (He looks at her and sits down) 
 Sheriff Forbes: Tyler, have you talk to your mom? 
 Tyler: I left a message telling I was here 
 Sheriff Forbes: You need to call her 
 Tyler: What is it? 
 Sheriff Forbes: it's your dad 
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Jeremy is in the bathroom, looking in the mirror. He has the flask in his hand. He opens it and drinks the blood. He finds pills and looks at them) 
 [Mystic grill] 
 (Stefan goes out, Bonnie arrives) 
 Stefan: oh hey 
 Bonnie: Hey 
 Stefan: You… you just missed Elena 
 Bonnie: I was looking for you actually 
 Stefan: Oh 
 Bonnie: Elena is my best friend and because she loves you I couldn't let you and Damon die in that fire 
 Stefan: I'm very grateful Bonnie, I hope you know that 
 Bonnie: I do but I hope you know that things have to change. Damon has to change 
 Stefan: We both want the same thing 
 Bonnie: We both want to protect the people we care about. The difference is, for you Damon is one of them. You saw what I was able to do tonight, I know who I am now and if Damon spills so much as one drop of innocent blood, I'll take him down even if I have to take you with him 
 Stefan: Let's hope it doesn't come to that 
 Bonnie: Let's hope it doesn't 
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Damon goes out of the house. Elena arrives, she's holding her dress) 
 Elena: What are you doing here? 
 Damon: Failed and feeble attempt of doing the right thing 
 Elena: which was…? 
 Damon: It's not important. Let me take this for you 
 (He takes the dress) 
 Elena: Thank you 
 Damon: You know, I came in this town wanting to destroy it. Tonight I found myself wanting to protect it. How does that happen? I'm not a hero, Elena. I don't do good. It's not in me 
 Elena: Maybe it is 
 Damon: No. Nah, it's reserved for my brother, and you…and Bonnie... Even though she has every reason to hate me, still helped Stefan save me 
 Elena: Why do you sound so surprised? 
 Damon: Because she did it for you. Which means that somewhere along the way you decided that I was worth saving. And I wanted to thank you for that 
 Elena: You're welcome 
 (He kisses her on the cheek; they look at each other, he hesitates and then he kisses her. They kiss each other and then Jenna opens the door and interrupts them. They stop and Damon tries to hide himself) 
 Elena: Hi 
 Jenna: It's late, you should probably come inside 
 (She looks at Damon, grabs her dress and goes into the house. Jenna closes the door) 
 Jenna: What are you doing? 
 Elena: I don't want to talk about it 
 (Outside, Damon looks at the house, touches his lips and leaves) 
 (Jeremy is in the bathroom, he's taken all the pills. He goes in his bedroom, lays on the bed and closes his eyes) 
 (John is in the kitchen, he opens the fridge and when he closes it Elena is here) 
 John: You scared me 
 Elena: Sorry 
 John: You know, I first met Isobel when I was a teenager. I fall in love with her instantly although I'm pretty sure she never loved me. She was special. A part why I hate the vampires so much is because of what she became, how it ruined her and I never would have sent her to Damon if I had known she wanted to turn. 
 (She looks at him) 
 John: It's my fault. I'm telling you this because I hoped maybe you'd understand 
 Elena: Thank you 
 John: Can I help? 
 (She looks at his ring) 
 Elena: Sure 
 (She cuts his fingers with a knife and pushes him against the sick .John screams) 
 John: Katherine?! 
 Katherine: Hello, John. Goodbye, John 
 (Her face changes; she stabs him) 
 (Elena opens the door; she's on the phone with Stefan) 
 Elena: I looked everywhere. Yeah, someone definitely took my stuff. I'm just gonna check on Jeremy before I'll go to the hospital. Can you meet me there? Okay, I love you Stefan 
 (She enters the house to check on Jeremy) 
 Elena: Jeremy?! Are you up? 
 (She hears noise coming from the kitchen. She goes toward the kitchen) 
 THE END 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 