Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - The Turning Points - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - The Turning Points https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6248 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/21/09 13:26 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - The Turning Points 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Jenna's house] 
 Jenna: Why are you here Logan? 
 Logan: I missed you. I was out of town. 
 Jenna: yeah, I got the email! 
 Logan: you got an email? 
 Jenna: You didn't send an email? 
 Logan: I can explain. Just invite me in and I tell you everything. 
 Jenna: I'm not gonna invite you in. Forget it! 
 Logan: come on Jenna. It's me! 
 Jenna: the answer is no! 
 Logan: I know you. You're always one step from "maybe", tidy nasty "yes" 
 Jenna: you've just pointed it out that I've no self-control. Clever strategy! 
 [Jenna closes the door and Logan is on the street] 
 A neighbor: Good evening! 
 [Logan looks at him then a woman passes] 
 The woman: hey, you're the guy from the news, Logan Fell. I watch you every night. Oh, I used to, I mean. You've been missing from my TV. 
 Logan: I took some time off. 
 The woman: I noticed. I'm Daphne. 
 Logan: hey you know something, Daphne? 
 The woman: No, what? 
 [Logan bites her] 
 [House- Jeremy is reading the book of his father] 
 "I live in fear. It consumes me. In the early evening that I see the sun begins the fade; the fear comes because I know that the night brings death." 
 [Elena and Jenna are in the hall of their houses and talk] 
 Elena: Jeremy is gonna sketch pad note. 
 Jenna: You're kidding? 
 Elena: Nope but don't say word. The minute we encourage him, he'll put it away. 
 Jenna: psychology major. Check that! 
 Jenna: You and Stefan? Update? 
 Elena: He knows how I feel and works and I know where he stands and it doesn't matter. He's leaving, moving away. 
 Jenna: Where is he going? 
 Elena: I stopped asking questions. The answers get scary. 
 [Out of the house] 
 Jenna: your leaves, mine returns. 
 Elena: Logan? 
 Jenna: He's back. I didn't let him pass my door. 
 Elena: Hope you slam down his face 
 Jenna: yes, medium 
 Elena: three cycles, Jenna. Not even watch the news! 
 Jenna: exactly! No more Logan slam Fell 
 [Salvatore's house: living room] 
 Stefan: so any ideas where you go? 
 Damon: I don't know. London, maybe! See some friends. 
 Stefan: You don't have any friends, Damon. 
 Damon: you're right Stefan. I only have you. So, where we're going? 
 Stefan: WE are not going anywhere. I'm gonna live my life as far away from you as possible. 
 Damon: but we're team! We could travel the world together. We can try "The Amazing race" 
 Stefan: That's fine! Seriously, where you're going because we are not staying in this town. 
 [Someone rings at the door] 
 Sheriff: I'm here to see Damon 
 Stefan: Sure, OK. 
 Damon: sheriff, what surprise! 
 Sheriff: sorry to bother you but we need to talk 
 Damon: come in. 
 [Damon and the sheriff go in the garden] 
 Damon: I hope you understand the secrecy. Stef doesn't know about this yet and I'd like to keep it that way. 
 Sheriff: of course, kids are too young to be brought into this. 
 Damon: so, what you need? 
 Sheriff: there's been another attack. A female victim, throat tore out, completely drained of blood. If it's repeater… 
 Damon: I'm sorry I don't understand. I thought we solved that problem when…. I staked the blond one 
 Sheriff: I think that she must have turned someone, a multiple someone. I don't know. The story for the town is another animal attack but I'm not sure how long we can keep lying to them. The council is on up board. We thought we were passed this. 
 Damon: and so, what we do? 
 Sheriff: you're the only one who has never taken on a vampire. We were hoping you could tell us. 
 [School] 
 Matt: and the bally dance and the Krumper of salsa 
 Caroline: I was awake for that way 
 Matt: oh I don't know when you feel asleep. Hum, did you see the Celine Dion waltz about cancer? 
 Caroline: those always make me cry! 
 Matt: and then the judge can screaming and I can take it so I turned it off 
 Caroline: I saw ‘the family guy', so you hold me 
 [School: Elena & Bonnie] 
 Elena: did I miss something? 
 Bonnie: they've been hanging out 
 Elena: kind of weird, don't you think? 
 Bonnie: she needs someone nice like him as opposed to a vampire like Damon. 
 Elena: yeah, how are you doing with all that? 
 Bonnie: I'm freak out. Damon attacked me and I could be death right now but I'm also grateful. 
 Elena: hum? 
 Bonnie: to Stefan. He saved my life, and… Have you seen him? 
 Elena: No since he's used he's leaving. For all I know, he's probably gone. 
 Bonnie: He wouldn't leave without saying goodbye. 
 Elena: yes, he will. He thinks he's protecting me: a clean break and all that. 
 Bonnie: so what're gonna do? 
 Elena: what am I supposed to do? I've already beg to don't go. If I ask him, I'm being self-fish. It is what it is. 
 Bonnie: maybe, it's for the best! 
 Elena: what? Why? 
 Bonnie: I mean what kind of future could you have with him even if he stayed? 
 Elena: did you… 
 Bonnie: no, I swear. 
 [Salvatore's house] 
 Damon: Thank you for stepping by. 
 Sheriff: let me know if you come on this 
 Damon: Absolutely 
 [Sheriff leaves] 
 Stefan: what's wrong with you? You killed somebody? 
 Damon: get off of me! 
 A) Don't touch me 
 B) If I had, I would not be so obvious about it 
 C) There is another vampire in town. 
 Stefan: that's impossible. 
 Damon: obviously not! 
 Stefan: who could it be? 
 Damon: what do we care? We're leaving anyway, right? 
 Stefan: no, I can't leave now and you know that. How are we supposed to find this person? 
 Damon: don't handle with this stuffs 
 [Front of school] 
 A girl: see you later, ok. Bye. 
 Elena: bye. 
 Stefan: Hi. We need to talk. 
 [School-Basketball terrain] 
 Tyler: So what's up with you and Forbes? 
 Matt: nothing about 
 Tyler: I saw you in the hall today. Don't even try denied, bro. You type her. 
 Matt: no, it's not like that! 
 Tyler: never is until it comes "we" 
 Matt: "we" people? 
 Tyler: yeah, "we can make to the party"; "we never miss a game"; "we don't like the color red" 
 Matt: we are not like twice 
 Tyler: like I said "we" 
 [Front of school] 
 Elena: so you have no idea who it could be? 
 Stefan: none, but it must somebody now because leaving a body like that….rather sloppy or he tries to send a message. 
 Elena: are you sure it's not Damon? 
 Stefan: I'm never sure about Damon, but he's been trying to keep low profile so it's just doesn't make any sense to me. 
 Elena: so what are you gonna do? 
 Stefan: Damon is tracking now, right now. Look I promise you the truth so I wanna to tell you. I want you to be careful. 
 Elena: when I saw you, I thought you were coming to say goodbye. 
 Stefan: not yet! 
 [At Jeremy's: living room] 
 Jeremy: hey what do you think? 
 Jenna: creepy 
 Jeremy: I found this old journal in dad's stuffs, Jonathan Gilbert from the 1800. It's kind of a freak show. He wrote about demons and all of these people getting slaughter and… 
 Jenna: yeah, he was a writer… short stories, horror stuffs. 
 Jeremy: he wrote fictions? Think he was just a limited or a drunk. 
 Jenna: he was a Gilbert, probably a little bite of both. 
 [Front of a warehouse] 
 Caroline: So what we do now? 
 Damon: Just wait. I'll be there in a… 
 Caroline: can you hurry? I've things to do. 
 Damon: can you give me then? 
 Caroline: so what did you need me to do this? 
 Damon: Because I interfere the signal 
 Caroline: Can I go now? This is burned out the half of my day. 
 Damon: you do that! Take your car and go home. And forget me to ask you to do this! 
 Caroline: ok, bye now 
 Damon: bye 
 [In the warehouse] 
 Logan: I've tons of these wood boots so nothing funky 
 Damon: you don't wanna do this, trust me. 
 Logan: that's what you get 
 Damon: for what? 
 Logan: you make me like this! 
 Damon: I killed you. I didn't turn you. 
 Logan: See I know you and your brother are. I've watching the 2 of you. I knew you appear and I glad that you did because I've some questions. 
 Damon: me first. Who turns you? 
 Logan: how should I know? Last thing I remember, it's about to stake your brother and then you crapped me. That's it! Until I wake up in the ground behind a used car dealership on highway 4. Somebody buried me. 
 Damon: It happens. 
 Logan: you bite me. It had to be you! 
 Damon: Lift a vampire blood system when you died. I didn't do that! Some other vampires find you, give you them blood. 
 Logan: who? 
 Damon: that's what I wanna know 
 Logan: dude, it's like the welcome wagon was waiting with a pancake and a handbook. It's been a learning huge go process. One minute, I'm a small town on the rise news guy and next thing I know, I can't get into my house because my full bulk don't go through the door. 
 Damon: you have to be invited in. 
 Logan: I know. I leave alone. 
 Damon: Oh, That sucks! 
 Logan: so now, I am at the Ramada, watching papers view all day, eating everything inside including house-keeping 
 Damon: it could be worst! 
 Logan: all I can think about its blood and killing people. I can't stop killing people, I can keep killing and I like it. I'm conflicted. 
 Damon: welcome to the club. Wait! Cobs found one body. 
 Logan: I left one. I was tired but I've hidden the rest of bodies. There were back there. 
 Damon: you're kidding? 
 Logan: they pile up. 
 [School] 
 Maier: so what do we know? 
 Sheriff: nothing in the report again. My highly reliable deputies are on their work but if you feel the need to be more proactive by all means perhaps a stake and have them. 
 Maier: What cautions college is it gonna take? 
 Sheriff: for right now, there is no more safe in the crowded public place and for once, actually, we know where our kids are. 
 [School: Tyler & Jeremy] 
 Tyler: what do you want? 
 Jeremy: hey, I'm just surprise to see you here. Art usually implies culture and culture implies, eh, not you. 
 Tyler: go the hell! 
 [School] 
 Elena: Still wanna be an astronaut? 
 Matt: I can't believe you remember that. 
 Elena: I can remember the tinfoil you wore on your head. 
 Matt: I was eight 
 Elena: how are you doing? 
 Matt: it has been easier. You? I heard some times. So it's true than you and Stefan… 
 Elena: yes, it is. What about you, Matt Donovan? I heard about Caroline. 
 Matt: oh men, not you too. We're friends. It's not a big deal. 
 Elena: No? 
 Matt: No. 
 [Warehouse] 
 Logan: why am I so overly emotional? I can think about my ex-girlfriend. I wanna be with her and bite her and stuff. 
 Damon: you may probably love her. Anything you felt before will be magnified now. You've to learn how to control that! 
 Logan: what about walking on the sun? I'm a morning person. You can walk on the sun which is by the way, is pretty cool. The council will never suspect you. That's not in the journals. 
 Damon: the journals? 
 Logan: yeah, the founding fathers said pass out journals to the kids. Come on men, you get to tell me. How can you walk around in the sun? 
 Damon: who turned you? 
 Logan: how do you walk in the sun? 
 Damon: who turned you? 
 Logan: you know, I've been really nice so far but I will kill you! 
 Damon: and you never know. You don't answer my question! 
 Logan: you first! 
 Damon: it seems we have been in an impasse then, doesn't it? 
 Logan: I've things to do, people to kill. Guess I have been a longer length start. 
 
 
 
 [At school] 
 Elena: I'm guessing you're not here to plan future. You're looking out for me 
 Stefan: hope that's ok. You know I wanted to be a doctor before it happened, but I couldn't 
 Elena: the blood 
 Stefan: yeah, I've dubbed thing, fun of different things so. 
 Elena: you didn't love anything enough to sleep to it. 
 Stefan: no I loved that all. It's just…I had to move on before anybody can notice that I wasn't getting any older. 
 Elena: how long before that would happen? 
 Stefan: few years, usually. Sometimes shorter 
 Elena: and you always left 
 Stefan: I haven't the choice. So, what about, what about you? Any plan for the future? 
 Elena: I don't wanna talk about my future Stefan because everything you're saying is making a perfect life where you're not gonna be in. 
 Stefan: Elena, it's not that I don't wanna be in 
 Elena: you can't, I get it! I've heard you the first time and the second time and I appreciate you're looking out for me but please, if you're gone leave, then just go. 
 Jenna: hide me. 
 Elena: what's going on? 
 Jenna: this scum Fell has landed. 
 Elena: Logan's here? 
 Stefan: wait, Logan Fell? 
 [Stefan goes in the hall of the school] 
 Elena: Stefan, what's going on? 
 Logan: Jenna, you're dodging me! 
 Jenna: it's a form of self-preservation. 
 Stefan: Elena, why you and Jenna don't go somewhere else? 
 Elena: let's go. 
 [Elena & Jenna leave] 
 Stefan: what are you doing here? 
 Logan: you know, your brother asked me the same thing. In fact, why don't we just keep pass the all leg who turned me stuff to get the answer that I want? How can I turn into a day walker? 
 Stefan: Damon and I are the only keepers that know it. 
 Logan: But you both are cagey on the how which tells me that there is a way. You know. In case that you haven't noticed, I'm quite a celebrity in this town. It would be very, very easy for me to expose you. 
 Stefan: you wanna know how you can walk around in the sun? 
 Logan: I do 
 Stefan: You can't. Don't ever threat me again! 
 [Jenna & Elena] 
 Elena: when Logan came to the house, what did he say? 
 Jenna: fake flattery and stupid deepen grin, puppy dog eyes. 
 Elena: I'm serious Jenna. How did he act? What did he say? 
 Jenna: he's usual Logan, charming, a little more maniac than usual. He kept try to convince me to let him in. What? 
 Elena: Ok, listen to me very carefully. Do not, in any circumstances, talk to him again. I'm serious, Jenna, look ever! 
 Alaric: hey Elena. Jenna 
 Elena: Hey Mister Saltzman. 
 Alaric: I hoped to see you again. 
 Jenna: carrier's night is the new bowling. 
 Elena: ok, excuse me. 
 [Elena leaves] 
 [Out of the school – Damon & Stefan – conversation on the phone] 
 Damon: Logan Fell is a vampire and when I found him again, I'm gonna destroy him limb by limb. 
 Stefan: What happened? Do you ok? 
 Damon: no, I'm not ok! I was embellished; I was shot. Now, I'm vengable. Just got to find them. 
 Stefan: there is no need. He's here in school. 
 Damon: you're kidding me? Why the hell is he there? 
 Stefan: he's working crowd. 
 Damon: well, I'll be right there. 
 [Out of school] 
 Elena (to Stefan): so, anything you'd like to share? 
 [School] 
 Sheriff: what are you doing? 
 Caroline: I'm founding my future. There it is. 
 Sheriff: broadcast journalism? 
 Caroline: yes! Broadcast journalism. Why are you looking at me like that? 
 Sheriff: you don't even read paper. 
 [Caroline leaves] 
 Logan: Liz 
 Sheriff: Logan 
 Logan: what you're gonna do: Stake me; bury me in another shallow grave? What the email say this time? 
 Sheriff: I've not the choice. 
 Logan: you…Bitch! I died for you, for this town. You've known me since I was 6 and you swept me under the rock like dirt. 
 Sheriff: You know where you're getting it. 
 Logan: I was one of you 
 Sheriff: now, you're one of them. 
 Logan: watch your back, sheriff! 
 [Logan leaves – Sheriff is on the phone] 
 Sheriff: Get a backup team at the school immediately. Keep it within the circle. It's a V5. 
 [School hall] 
 Jeremy: I didn't know you drew 
 Tyler: it's an elective. 
 Jeremy: because it's good stuffs. You like graphics? Because…it's kind of my thing. 
 Tyler: oh, what you doing? 
 Jeremy: that's just something else we have in common. 
 Tyler: what's the other thing? Vicki? Let's hang up because we dated the same chip. Go be friends with one of the many other guys that she screwed, there is no short gentleman. 
 [Fight between both] 
 Alaric: ok working out guys. 
 Maier: you two, follow me! 
 Alaric: excuse me, Maier. Where're you taking them? 
 Maier: I'm gonna talk to them. All fights should end with an handshake, don't you think? 
 [Out of school] 
 Caroline: Bonnie, where are you? I'm ready to go. I'll be in the outside. 
 Logan: hey, lady on distress, need a ride? 
 Caroline: oh my god. Logan Fell, channel 9, that's you? 
 Logan: I used to be seen Caroline Forbes. Don't mock me! 
 Caroline: oh, I was supposed to go home with Bonnie but I can't find her. 
 Logan: that's not a problem, really. It's on the way. 
 Caroline: this is fate. 
 Logan: and why Is that? 
 Caroline: because I'm interested in broadcast journalism. So can I ask you a couple questions? 
 Logan: anything you want. First, buckle up. 
 Caroline: ok 
 [School] 
 Elena: have you seen Logan Fell, the news guy? 
 Matt: yeah, he's just taken Caroline by home. 
 Stefan: stay here! 
 [Out of school] 
 Maier: ok, let's get keep its old used system. Go ahead, Fight! 
 Jeremy: you wanna us to what? 
 Tyler: I'm not gonna fight dad. 
 Jeremy: I don't think so, Sir. 
 Maier: you fight here like pansies. You take it outside, fight your battles like men and move on! That's les my dad talking. So let's seld! Fight! 
 Tyler: come on, dad. 
 Jeremy: that is not gonna happen. 
 Maier: I said fight! 
 Alaric: what's going on here? 
 Maier: let's these two kids working out. We're good here. Go back inside! 
 Alaric: I don't wanna go back inside. I wanna want is an answer to my question. What's going on here? 
 Maier: what do you think you're talking to? Do I look a student? 
 Alaric: no! You look like a fall ground half-man duce back. 
 Maier: don't talk to me like that! I get every job like this! 
 Alaric, ah you do that. It will be you and me on this parking lot, working things on. You cool with that? 
 Maier: just watch yourself. 
 Alaric: ok 
 [Maier and Tyler leave] 
 Alaric (to Jeremy): you're alright? 
 [Sheriff in her car – phone calling] 
 Sheriff: where are you? 
 Logan: your daughter has expressed interest in journalism. I think it's important to force young minds. 
 Sheriff: what do you want? 
 Logan: the satisfaction turning your daughter into a vampire. 
 [In the street] 
 Damon: payback is a bitch, is it? Get her out of here. 
 Sheriff (on the phone): Logan, what happened? 
 Damon (phone): Sheriff, yeah, it's Damon. 
 Sheriff (phone): Where is Caroline? 
 Damon (phone): she's ok. I'm on Elm Street.  
 [Damon & Logan] 
 Damon: I try this one more time. Who turned you? 
 Logan: I told you I don't know. 
 Demon: this tire iron here take your head cleans off. So, it's your final answer? 
 Logan: how can you be in the same side of them? 
 Damon: I'm on the side of anyone. You pissed me off. I wanna you death. Who turned you? 
 Logan: I don't know! 
 Damon: oh well, you screwed! 
 Logan: wait. I do know! 
 Damon: you're lying. 
 Logan: you think you're the only one of us to get in that tomb in the navy old church? 
 Damon: If you lie me, I'll end you. 
 Logan: I'm not lying. There is another way to break the spell. We can help you. Meet me at the old church. 
 Damon: take me off. Makes look crap. Makes it look real! 
 [Sheriff arrives – Logan leaves] 
 Sheriff: where is she? 
 Damon: she's ok. My brother takes her home. I'm sorry, sheriff. I wasn't stronger. 
 [At school] 
 Elena: Caroline? 
 Stefan: she‘s ok. I took her home, she was shaked. All she knows It's Logan attacked her. 
 Elena: Where is Logan? 
 Stefan: Damon … is dealing with him. 
 Elena: as in… 
 Stefan: you saw what happened tonight. You may understand why we can be together. You see? 
 Elena: yes, I'm seeing a lot of things, Stefan. Come on. I'll give you a ride 
 Stefan: I can get home 
 Elena: I know 
 Stefan: Right, it would be nice 
 [Out of school] 
 Jeremy: yeah. 
 Tyler: what do you want? 
 Jeremy: I don't know. I thought that it was weird with your dad, what he did. Is he like that all the time? Is that…Is that what you go through? Men I get it. I get it. What's your problem? 
 Tyler: I don't need your pie. 
 Jeremy: seriously you don't have to be like that. 
 Tyler: just go! 
 Jeremy: What is your problem, men? 
 Tyler: I don't know. Ok. I don't know. 
 [In front of Salvatore's house] 
 Elena: what I said before your leaving, it was harch. 
 Stefan: no, you've every right. 
 Elena: you asked me what I want it my future to be. I wanted to be a writer. My mum, a sort of push me in that direction from the time I was able to read. She's supported me, encouraged me, bought my first journal, and then she died. And I can't see myself being a writer anymore. That was something that we shared. I know you think you put all of these bad stuffs in my life but my life already had it. I was barred in it. 
 Stefan: this is different. 
 Elena: it doesn't make any less painful. 
 Stefan: I know that it's hard to understand but I'm doing this for you. 
 Elena: No, you don't get to make the decision for me. If you walk away, it's for you because I know what I want. Stefan, I love you. 
 [They kissed each other then go inside the house] 
 Elena: don't 
 Stefan: Elena, I can't 
 Elena: yes, you can. Don't hide from me. 
 [In front of the warehouse] 
 Logan: who are you? 
 Alaric: a friend of Jenna 
 Logan: Jenna sends you? 
 Alaric: No, I came on my own. 
 Logan: ah, I get it. Well, body, I know you think it makes you brave. But actually it makes you pretty stupid. 
 Alaric: By the way, here I am 
 Logan: what do you want? 
 Alaric: Jenna is a good person. She deserves the best. I make sure she gets it 
 Logan: is that supposed to be a threat? Could you throat punch? Maybe provoke me a little? 
 Alaric: I'm a violent guy by design. 
 Logan: you're not a very smart one neither 
 Alaric: How's that? 
 Logan: because you've no idea who you're talking to 
 [School- parking lot] 
 Tyler: I need a ride 
 Matt: sure. Look, I like Caroline. She's got this thing….this way butter….and I like her ok? I'm not gonna defending or apologize about. 
 Tyler: ok 
 Matt: so stop your little romance bitch act. 
 Tyler: ok 
 [Sheriff is in Caroline's room and got a call] 
 Sheriff: yeah, I'll be right there. 
 [Stefan's room] 
 Elena: I've never been in your room before. 
 Stefan: it hasn't changed much over years. 
 Elena: do you leave everything here when you come and go? 
 Stefan: it's the only place that…that remains constant. This room holds all the memories that I left was important enough to hold on to.  
 Elena: lot of memories 
 Stefan: yeah. Are you dirty or anything? 
 Elena: a little. You? 
 Stefan: I' m fine. I'm getting you some drink ok? 
 Elena: ok 
 [Demon & The sheriff on the phone] 
 Damon: hallo 
 Sheriff: I just wanna to say thank you. I don't know how you did it. 
 Damon: hum, not following. 
 Sheriff: we found Logan's body up by the old fair warehouse. It has been disposed of. It was crowding victims, innocents' victims. 
 Damon: what? 
 Sheriff: town holds you so much. So do I. 
 [Stefan's room] 
 Stefan: Elena? 
 [Elena's driving. She's accident and she hurts someone] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 