Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Bad Moon Rising - The Vampire Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Bad Moon Rising https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=18&t=6263 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/25/10 18:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Bad Moon Rising 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Salvatore's house]  
 (Alaric arrives at the Salvatore's house) 
 Stefan: Thanks for coming, Rick 
 Damon: I got you something to drink? Coffee, bourbon? Bourbon into coffee? 
 Alaric: Elena mentioned you needed my help 
 Stefan: Yeah, we were hoping you could help sheet some light on the Lockwood family 
 (At the Lockwood mansion we see Tyler observing at Mason. Mason is going outside the house, he's going to run) 
 Alaric: Now, why would I know anything about the Lockwood's? 
 Damon: Why you wouldn't? But your dead not dead vampire wife might 
 Elena: Isobel's research from when you guys were at Duke together 
 Stefan: You said that she has spent years researching this town 
 Alaric: Isobel's research here in Mystic Falls rounded in folklores and legends but at the time I thought much of which was fiction 
 Damon: Like that amazing vampire story 
 Elena: Aside from vampires, what else 
 Alaric: The lycanthrope 
 Elena: Wait, like werewolves? 
 Damon: No way, impossible, way too launchy 
 Stefan: Is it? 
 Damon: I've been on this planet one hundred and sixty some on years, never came across one. If werewolves exist, where the hell are they? 
 (We see Mason running in the woods. Tyler is following him. Mason goes into ruins)  
 Alaric: Why do you suspect the Lockwood's? 
 Damon: Because vervein didn't affect the mayor at founder's day but the Gilbert device did and it affected his son Tyler 
 Stefan: And at the school carnival his uncle Mason exhibited inhuman behavior when he fell into the carnival's worker 
 (In the woods we see Mason going out from the ruins. Tyler watches him and goes in the ruins) 
 Stefan: It suggest it's some sort of a supernatural entity 
 Elena: We were hoping that Isobel's research could help us figure it out what it is 
 Alaric: Well, all her things are still at Duke. I mean her office is still there, she's technically still missing 
 Damon: So can we get access to it? 
 (Tyler is in the ruins. He's under the earth) 
 Damon: Rick, we don't know what we are dealing with. If this wolf men thing is true, we have seen enough movies to know it's not good. It means Mason Lockwood is a real life Lon Chaney and that Tyler punk may just very well be Lon Chaney junior which means Bella Lugosi, meaning me, is totally screwed 
 [Caroline's house] 
 (Matt is knocking at her door. Caroline is in the house but she can answer because of the sunlight) 
 Matt: Caroline! 
 (He calls her on her phone but she doesn't answer neither so he leaves a message) 
 Matt: Hey, I thought you said you were home. Hey, Tyler is doing this whole thing at swimming hall and I want us to spend the day together. Where are you? Call me 
 (He hangs up and leaves)  
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Elena is packing for the trip to Duke. Stefan is with her) 
 Stefan: Are you sure you want to do this? 
 Elena: Which part? Digging through my birth mother life work or going to Duke with Damon? 
 Stefan: Either, both 
 Elena: Well, I'm not sure about the first part but then again Rick is a good buffer so I can bond in our anti Damon solidarity. I wish you were coming though 
 Stefan: You know what? Maybe we should wait a couple days uh? Wait until Caroline is less of a danger and then I could go with you 
 Elena: It's okay that I'm going, right? And be honest because if it's not then I can just stay here and we could take care of Caroline 
 Stefan: Listen, I want you do go okay? I do. You have questions about your lineage and about Katherine and… look I'm not gonna let the fact that Damon is going keep you from an opportunity to get some answers 
 Elena: You hate it though 
 Stefan: I hate it but I love you 
 Elena: love you too 
 (She kisses him) 
 (Jenna and Alaric are talking and waiting for Elena)  
 Jenna: It's been a while 
 Alaric: Well, the school has been keeping me busy 
 Jenna: I want you to know it means a lot to me that Elena has a connection to her mother. I appreciate you bring her along today 
 Alaric: Yeah, I figured it was time to take care of my wife's things you know. Look Jenna, I know things between you and I have been a little start and stop and I'm sorry for that but maybe once I can… 
 Jenna: Uh…no, don't do that. Not the half maybe apology hope for the future thing 
 (Damon is honking)  
 Jenna: Elena?! Are you coming? 
 (She looks at Alaric) 
 Jenna: Do what you need to do okay? 
 (Stefan and Elena are going down the stairs) 
 Elena: Hey, are you okay? 
 Jenna: Yeah, it's man and their baggage 
 (They go outside. Damon is waiting at the car)  
 Damon: Sorry you can't go too, Steph 
 Stefan: Call me if you need anything 
 Damon: Oh, I'll take really good care of her 
 (Elena catches Stefan by the neck and kisses him in front of Damon) 
 Damon: Okay, time to go 
 (He goes into the car, Elena too) 
 [Lockwood's mansion] 
 (Tyler is talking with his mother) 
 Tyler: Have you ever been down to those old ruins in the woods? 
 Carol: The old Lockwood estate? 
 Tyler: Yeah. What do you know about it? 
 Carol: It was the original plantation house. Beautiful architecture and if it hadn't burn to the ground we'd probably living in it 
 Tyler: What's the deal with the freaky underground cellar? 
 Carol: We don't talk about those kinds of rooms 
 Tyler: Why not? 
 Carol: Well, this is the South, honey, but no one likes to reminisce about the old slave days 
 (Mason enters the room)  
 Mason: Hey. What you guys are talking about? 
 Tyler: We were just talking about the old Lockwood property. Taking some friends over the swim hole 
 Carol: Well, be careful. If anything happens on the property the family is liable 
 Tyler: Off course 
 [Mystic Grill] 
 (Stefan and Bonnie are sitting at a table) 
 Bonnie: I don't know how to make a day-walking ring 
 Stefan: Emily made mine, she made Damon's too, instructions must be in the grimoire 
 Bonnie: That doesn't mean I can cuss the spell 
 Stefan: Bonnie, you know how to drop vampires with a single look, okay? I think you can figure it out 
 Bonnie: Caroline killed someone, Stefan. I can't make it easier for her to do it again 
 Stefan: No, we're not making it easier for her; we're just giving her the chance to survive. Listen, every day that she's cut off from her old life: from you, from Elena, from Matt, it'll make It that much harder for her to hold on to her humanity 
 Bonnie: And how do you know she won't hurt anyone else? 
 Stefan: I don't but if we don't do everything we can to help her or at least trust the fact that she can keep it together, we must just stake her right now 
 Bonnie: I don't know if I can trust her, not with this 
 Stefan: Then trust me 
 [Alaric's car] 
 (Damon, Elena and Alaric are in the car, going to Duke. Damon looks at Elena) 
 Damon: How are you doing back there? You know, this all pretending to hate me thing is getting a little silly 
 Alaric: I don't think she's pretending. You did kill her brother 
 Damon: There is a huge asterisk next to that statement: he came back to life 
 Elena: Yeah, thanks to a ring you didn't know he was wearing 
 Damon: Why are you so sure I didn't know? 
 Elena: Did you? 
 Damon: Yes 
 Elena: You're lying 
 Damon: Elena, I saw the ring! It's a big tacky thing, it's hard to miss 
 [Caroline's house] 
 (Bonnie, Caroline and Stefan are in Caroline's bedroom. Bonnie has Emily's grimoire in her hands. Caroline has the ring in her hands) 
 Caroline: So, I don't get to choose the ring I have to wear the rest of my life?  
 Bonnie: Hey, if you don't want it… 
 Stefan: No, no, she wants it 
 Caroline: Now what? 
 Bonnie: Now is the part where I explain the rules. The witch who spells the ring has the power to dispel it so if you ever do anything to hurt anyone… 
 Caroline: I'm not gonna hurt anyone 
 Bonnie: You are a vampire that mean that urge to kill is a part of who you are. The minute you let it take over,  
 I will stop you 
 Caroline: Bonnie, you're supposed to be my friend 
 Bonnie: I can't ignore what happened okay? If you want to be friends, you have to prove that the Caroline I  
 remember isn't gone. Now put the ring on the bed 
 (Caroline puts the ring on the bed) 
 Caroline: Do you really think I meant to kill that guy at the carnival? 
 Bonnie: He's still dead. Now, do you want me to cuss the spell or not? 
 (Bonnie opens a little bit the curtain. The sun is going on the ring. Bonnie looks at the ring and closes her eyes a  
 moment and finally opens them) 
 Bonnie: All done 
 (She gives the ring to Caroline. She takes the ring and puts it on her finger) 
 Caroline: So that's it? I mean nothing witchy happened. You know, no flickering lights, no gust of wind. Have 
 you ever done this before? 
 Stefan: Caroline… 
 Caroline: I just want to make sure that worked 
 (Bonnie opens the curtain) 
 Bonnie: It worked 
 Caroline: What if it hadn't Bonnie ?! 
 (Bonnie looks at Stefan) 
 Bonnie: She's all yours 
 (She takes the grimoire and leaves) 
 [Duke University]  
 (Alaric, Elena and Damon arrive at Duke) 
 Alaric: So Isobel was officially employed by the anthropology department given that most paranormal 
 phenomenon has rounded in folklore 
 (They arrive at an office)  
 Alaric: Excuse me, hi. I'm Alaric Saltzman, I called earlier 
 Vanessa: Yes, of course. I'm Vanessa Monroe, research assistant compare to folklore 
 (She looks strangely at Elena)  
 Vanessa: Uh, let me just grab Isobel's keys 
 Alaric: These are my friends Elena and Damon. I hope this isn't too much of an imposition 
 Vanessa: Oh please, Isobel's office is right through there. Isobel's was one of my first professors. I'm a grad 
 student, she was brilliant and one of the reasons I went to folklore. Uh I have to ask, has it been any news? 
 Alaric: No, I'm afraid not 
 Vanessa: It's this way 
 (She opens Isobel's office door, they follow her and enter the room)  
 Vanessa: I'll grab the light, feel free to look around. It's fascinating isn't it? 
 (She leaves. Alaric, Damon and Elena are looking everywhere) 
 Damon: Where did she go? 
 (Vanessa comes back with a crossbow and shot an arrow on Elena but Damon puts himself in front of Elena to protect her. He receives the arrow on his back. Alaric catches her and pushes her against the wall)  
 (Elena is removing the arrow from Damon's back) 
 Damon: Put it out. I can't reach it Elena. Just put the damn thing out. It hurts 
 (She removes the arrow) 
 Damon: That bitch is dead 
 Elena: You're not gonna kill her 
 Damon: Watch me 
 Elena: You touch her and I swear I will never speak to you again 
 Damon: What makes you think that has any power over me? Because I took an arrow in the back for you? You're so overestimating yourself 
 Elena: Right. I forgot that I was speaking to a psychotic mind who snaps and kills people impulsively. Fine, go ahead, do whatever you want 
 Damon: you're trying to manipulate me 
 Elena: If by "manipulate" you mean "tell the truth" okay, guilty 
 (She looks at him and leaves) 
 (Alaric is with Vanessa) 
 Vanessa: Please! I freaked out okay? Alright, you would have done the same thing, it's not possible! Katherine Pierce can't be alive and Damon Salvatore died in 1864. Okay, I read Isobel's research 
 Alaric: Well, you should know just how possible this is 
 (Elena and Damon arrive) 
 Elena: I'm Elena Gilbert, Isobel's daughter and a descendant of Katherine Pierce. And this is Damon Salvatore who you just shot 
 Damon: I'd be extra nice to me right now 
 Elena: Look, we need your help okay? We need to see all of Isobel's research, anything related to Mystic Falls 
 [Mystic Falls' woods] 
 (Caroline and Stefan are in the woods, hunting) 
 Caroline: So what I do when I see the rabbit? 
 Stefan: Chase it, catch it, feed on it 
 Caroline: Isn't killing cute defenseless animals the first step of becoming a serial killer? 
 Stefan: Well, you sort of skipped the serial killer and went straight to vampire. Caroline, if you're not serious about all of this I think you should tell me 
 Caroline: No I am. Look, I swear that I am okay? But it's just… I haven't been in the sun for days and everyone is at the swimming hole having fun and Matt is there! And he finally told me that he loved me but I have been blowing him off and now you want me to eat bunnies and I'm kind of freaking out okay?! 
 (Stefan is laughing) 
 Caroline: And now you're laughing at me 
 Stefan: No, no, I'm not laughing. None of this is funny, trust me. It's just that… 
 Caroline: What?! 
 Stefan: When someone becomes a vampire, all of their natural behaviors get sort of amplified 
 Caroline: What do you mean? 
 Stefan: I mean… as a human I cared deeply for people, how they felt. If they were hurting I felt their pain and I felt guilty if I was the one who caused it and as a vampire all of that got… magnified 
 Caroline: So you're saying that now I'm basically an insecure, neurotic control freak... on crack? 
 Stefan: Well, I wouldn't say it like that but… hey, listen, let's hunt okay? And then after that we'll go to the swimming hole 
 Caroline: Really? 
 Stefan: Yeah. Matt is the closest connection that you have to your humanity and I think that being around him is a good thing 
 Caroline: Okay 
 [Duke University] 
 (Vanessa is bringing a box to Elena) 
 Vanessa: This box checks Katherine's arrival to Mystic Falls in April 1864 
 Elena: Is that all there is about her? 
 Vanessa: All that I'm aware of 
 (There is vervein in the box. Elena looks at Damon and gives some of it to Vanessa) 
 Elena: Here, take this 
 (They are whispering. Damon is in the other room, looking for information) 
 Vanessa: Does vervein really work? 
 Damon: Nope, not at all 
 Vanessa: Can he hear us? 
 Damon: No, that would be creepy 
 Vanessa: Can he read minds too? 
 Damon: You know, if you want to see me naked, all you have to do is ask 
 Elena: No, that he can't do. He is very capable of being a first grade jackass 
 (Vanessa puts the vervein in her pocket; Damon smiles) 
 [Mystic Falls] 
 (Everyone is at the swimming hole) 
 Tyler: Is it me or did Amy Bradley's ass get hot 
 Matt: All class 
 Tyler: Where is Forbes? 
 Matt: I wish I knew 
 Tyler: You guys are in the outs already? 
 Matt: No. We're fine. I'm fine. I'm just not sure what she is 
 (Mason arrives with is 4X4)  
 Matt: What's your uncle doing here? 
 (Tyler rejoins him at the car) 
 Tyler: You're busting us or you're joining us? 
 Mason: Neither. Hoping you can make sure everyone is out of here by dark 
 Tyler: What happens after dark? 
 Mason: Someone ends up wasted and dead at the bottom of the lake 
 (Tyler laugh) 
 Mason: You heard your mom. The family is liable if anything happens 
 Tyler: Don't be a party killer 
 Mason: Hey, I didn't say you had to stop partying, I just said you had to take it elsewhere 
 Tyler: Alright, we'll be out of here 
 (Mason leaves, he passes next to Stefan and Caroline. He looks at Stefan and Stefan looks at him) 
 Caroline: Why are you looking at him with this serious vampire look? 
 Stefan: My what? My "vampire serious look"? 
 Caroline: Hum hum. I mean it's different from your worried vampire look, neither of which straight too far from your "hey-it's-Tuesday" look 
 Stefan: I get it, okay. You think I'm… you think I'm too serious 
 Caroline: I mean I was not gonna say it like that but… 
 (Matt is alone, Amy Bradley rejoins him) 
 Matt: Hey Amy 
 Aimee: You know, you're missing all the fun in the water 
 (He shows her his cast) 
 Matt: No waterproof 
 Aimee: Too bad. So, there's the full moon tonight. We're gonna light a fire later and tells ghost stories 
 Matt: Uh, I don't know 
 (Caroline arrives) 
 Caroline: Matt 
 Matt: What the hell? I've been calling you 
 Caroline: know, I got held up but I'm here now 
 (She looks at Amy) 
 Aimee: Hi Caroline 
 (Caroline compels her) 
 Caroline: Go find somebody single to stuck, Amy 
 (Amy leaves) 
 Matt: Seriously? 
 Caroline: She was flirting with you 
 Matt: She's harmless; you don't have to be rude 
 Caroline: You're mad? 
 Matt: You've been dodging my calls all day and you get to show up here and be the jealous girlfriend? It' kind of lame, Care 
 (He looks at her and leaves. Stefan arrives) 
 Stefan: Hey, I saw that. You compelled her 
 Caroline: Yeah, she deserved it 
 Stefan: Caroline, nobody deserve to have their mind mess for shallow reasons 
 Caroline: You know, why is everyone sticking for Amy freaking Bradley?  
 Stefan: you're letting the jealousy to get the best of you 
 Caroline: Oh, so now I have magnified jealousy issues too. It's great 
 Stefan: I told you this wasn't gonna be easy 
 Caroline: Yeah, well, I would have to stay dead. My entire personality is killing me 
 (He smiles) 
 Caroline: Shut up 
 
 
 
 [Duke University] 
 (Elena, Damon and Alaric are still in Isobel's office, looking for information) 
 Damon: Any luck? 
 Elena: There's nothing in here about Katherine that we don't already know 
 Damon: Ah, you know, it's a bummer we're not friends anymore because I could tell you what I know 
 Elena: Now who's manipulating who? 
 Alaric: Hey guys, check this out 
 Vanessa: There's no record of werewolf mythology in Mystic Falls but here are some records of some the lesser known legends. Everything from Scandinavian skin walkers to Aztecs legends. 
 (She gives them a book with drawings) 
 Vanessa: It's translate into the "curse of the sun and the moon" 
 Alaric: It's Native American 
 Vanessa: Aztecs. It explains one origin of the werewolf curse traced through Virginia. The short story: 600 years ago, the Aztecs were played by werewolves and vampires. They terrorized the countryside, made farming and hunting impossible until an Aztec shaman cursed them, making vampires slaves to the sun and werewolves servants of the moon. As a result, vampires could only prowl at night and werewolves could only turn on a full moon. When the full moon is crossing the sky, who's ever unlucky enough to fall into the werewolves curse turns into a wolf. 
 Damon: Can they control the transformation? 
 Vanessa: If it were a choice, it wouldn't be called a curse. Werewolves will attack humans but instinct and centuries of rivalry have hardware them to hunt their prey's choice: vampires 
 Damon: Well, if werewolves were hunting vampires, I would know about it 
 Vanessa: Not if they aren't many werewolves left alive. Hundreds of years ago vampires hunted them almost to extinction 
 Elena: Why would they do that? 
 Vanessa: To protect themselves. According to the legend, a werewolf bite is fatal to the vampires 
 [Mystic Falls] 
 (It's night. Everybody is leaving the swimming hole because Tyler asked them to. Matt is alone. Stefan and Caroline are looking at him) 
 Caroline: He's mad at me 
 Stefan: Go talk to him. I'll wait 
 (Stefan's phone is ringing. He answer it: it's Elena) 
 Stefan: Hey 
 Elena: Hi. Listen we've learn some stuff here and I know it's gonna sound crazy but I want you to know 
 Stefan: What's up? 
 (Caroline rejoins Matt) 
 Caroline: Still mad? 
 Matt: I thought we had passed all this insecurity stuff, Caroline. I told you how I felt about you, what more do you need? 
 Caroline: Nothing. Nothing. I don't need anything else. I'm sorry Matt, I'm so sorry. I'm so, so, so, so, so sorry. 
 Matt: I'm not kidding. I'm not gonna put up with the drama 
 Caroline: No, no more drama. Just… I promise 
 (She kisses him) 
 Matt: Come on 
 (They leave. Stefan is still on the phone with Elena) 
 Elena: I don't know what that means nor if we should believe it but it's the full moon Stefan. After what you saw Mason Lockwood do 
 Stefan: I'll be careful 
 Elena: There's one more thing 
 Stefan: What is it? 
 Elena: According to the legend, a werewolf bite can kill a vampire 
 (Stefan looks everywhere. He doesn't see Caroline or Matt) 
 Stefan: Listen, I got to go. I'll see you when you get home okay? 
 Elena: Okay 
 (He hangs up and calls Caroline but she forgot her phone in her bag, in Matt's car. He goes in the woods) 
 (Mason is chaining up himself into the Lockwood's old estate ruins but Aimee and Tyler arrive so he's forced to leave) 
 Tyler: Not much further Aimee 
 Aimee: Really Tyler? You drove me all the way out here? 
 Tyler: I had to move the party so I'm moving the party 
 Aimee: Where are we going? 
 Tyler: It's right around this tree 
 Aimee: Are you sure? 
 Tyler: Oh yeah, come on 
 Aimee: What is this place? 
 Tyler: It's a ruin buried underneath my family's old estate. No one would know we're down here 
 Aimee: Is everyone else coming? 
 Tyler: Yeah, unless you rather tell them not to 
 Aimee: You're single right? 
 Tyler: Oh yeah 
 Aimee: Let's go 
 (Mason is running through the woods and tries to chaining up himself against a tree. He looks at the moon and begins to scream. He runs toward his car and enters it, screaming. He closes the door. The car is moving a lot, he screams after that we hear something growling in the car) 
 [Duke University] 
 (Elena is looking in a box and finds a picture of Katherine) 
 Elena: Hey, have you done any research on doppelgangers? 
 Vanessa: Well, the world means a lot of different things to different cultures but typically a doppelganger is a  
 living, breathing double of oneself 
 Elena: Did Isobel have anything that explains the link between me and Katherine? 
 Vanessa: That's all she had on Katherine, unfortunately but I can tell you that doppelgangers usually torment 
 the people they look like, trying to undue their lives. It's not exactly uplifting 
 Elena: And more things we already know. Just… I want to know why we look alike 
 Damon: Head scratcher isn't it? 
 Elena: Do you know something or are you just being yourself? 
 Damon: Well, if I know anything, I'm not gonna tell you with that attitude 
 Elena: That's good, Damon and this is coming from someone who wants to be my friend but you know what?  
 Friends don't manipulate friends, they help each other 
 [The Lockwood's old estate ruins] 
 (Tyler and Aimee are kissing) 
 Aimee: Wait, wait. No, I'm sorry 
 Tyler: What's the deal? Come on 
 Aimee: No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, I can't. I'm not into it 
 Tyler: Then why did you come with me? 
 Aimee: I don't know but I'm not even sure I was flirting with you. I like Matt 
 Tyler: Ouch. Um… okay 
 Aimee: ‘m gonna go 
 Tyler: Yeah 
 Aimee: Sorry 
 (She leaves) 
 (Stefan is in the woods, looking for Caroline when he hears an animal growling. He sees Mason's cars and goes toward it. He sees chains on the floor and looks into the car and sees yellow eyes. A wolf jumps through the window, falls on him and leaves.) 
 [Duke University] 
 (Alaric and Vanessa are outside) 
 Alaric: I trust you're not gonna say anything about this to anyone 
 Vanessa: Or else Damon will kill me in my sleep? He gave me the form but if you need anything, you can call 
 Alaric: Hopefully I won't have to 
 Vanessa: But if you do… 
 Alaric: Listen, you don't want to get caught up in this. Really, it'll take over and will keep from being able to live your life 
 Vanessa: Isobel's disappearance… is it related to her research? 
 Alaric: Isobel became her research. She wanted to become a vampire and she got her wish 
 Vanessa: I guess that would put a strain on the marriage 
 Alaric: Anyway, I was wondering what it would be to come back here. It's… it's okay, it's really okay. It feels good to have her in my past. You know, it' time to move behind this 
 (Elena is at the car. She can't open the car but Damon arrives and opens it) 
 Damon: You're not gonna be able to hate me forever 
 Elena: Can we just go? 
 (He gives her a book) 
 Damon: You didn't dig deep enough 
 (She looks at the book and reads what's written on it) 
 Elena: "Petrova". I saw it on the shelf 
 Damon: Katherine originally came from Europe. Petrova was her real name. Katarina Petrova, to be exact 
 Elena: How did you know that? 
 Damon: Back when, I saw it graved on an old heirloom. Men snoop too, you know. Let me know what you find, I'm very curious myself 
 (She tries to go in the car but he stops her) 
 Damon: You have every right to hate me, I understand but you hated me before and we became friends. It would suck if that was gone forever. So, is it? Have I lost you forever? 
 Elena: Thank you for the book, Damon 
 (She goes into the car) 
 [Mystic Falls' woods] 
 (Caroline and Matt are in the woods, talking) 
 Matt: This looks like the spot 
 Caroline: For what? 
 (They kiss. They hear an animal) 
 Matt: Did you hear that? 
 (She looks at him at kisses him. She pushes her against a tree and kisses him again but Matt hurts himself and bleed. She sucks the blood) 
 Matt: Caroline? What are you doing? Ah! Caroline! Caroline! 
 (Her face has changed; she stops and looks at him) 
 Matt: Caroline! Your face! 
 (She bites him on the neck and drinks his blood but Stefan arrives and takes her away from Matt) 
 Stefan: Stop it! Stop! Stop! Stop! 
 (Her face is normal again but Matt faints and fall) 
 Caroline: Oh my god 
 Stefan: No, no, stop. Listen to me. We need to get out of these woods now. We need to leave 
 Caroline: What was that? 
 Stefan: Matt, stay down. Do not move 
 (They hear noise all around them) 
 Stefan: You and me we're gonna run. It's going to follow us; we need to get it away from Matt. You need to run as far as you can. Do you understand me? Go, go! 
 (They run and arrive to old ruins but Caroline stops) 
 Caroline: Wait! What is it?! 
 Stefan: It's a werewolf! He will try to kill us and he can! 
 (Tyler arrives) 
 Tyler: Hey! What are you two doing? 
 Stefan: What are you doing? 
 (The werewolf rushes into Caroline. She falls on the floor, the werewolf is on her. Stefan rushes on the werewolf with is powers and pushes him.) 
 Tyler: No! 
 (The werewolf looks at him and leaves) 
 (Caroline is compelling Matt) 
 Caroline: You're not going to remember what I did to you or what you saw me become 
 Matt: We were just making out in the woods 
 Caroline: And then an animal attacked you and bite your neck 
 Matt: It's weird; he just came out of nowhere 
 (She looks at him and rejoins Stefan) 
 Caroline: What are we gonna do about Tyler? 
 Stefan: I took care of it and I will get Matt on vervein, it'll keep you from being able to compel him and also to keep you from drinking his blood 
 Caroline: I can believe I hurt him 
 Stefan: I know 
 Caroline: He is the one person on this entire planet that I never wanted to hurt 
 Stefan: It's not going to get any easier. You just have to work that much harder 
 Caroline: I shouldn't be with him, should i? Because if there is any danger… 
 Stefan: I'm the last person to make that kind of decision for you. If I had follow my own advice, I would walked away from Elena a long time ago 
 Caroline: Have you ever think you should have? 
 Stefan: I know I should have, I just can't 
 (Tyler is in the woods. He looks at Mason's car and Mason arrives) 
 Mason: You can pass me those? 
 (He passes him a bag) 
 Tyler: It was you 
 (Mason says yes with his head) 
 [Mystic Grill] 
 (Matt is alone at a table, Aimee arrives and talks with him. Caroline looks at them and rejoins them) 
 Caroline: Seriously Aimee? 
 Aimee: We were just talking 
 Caroline: Oh, that's how you call it? 
 Aimee: Yeah 
 Matt: Are you kidding me? 
 Caroline: No, I'm not Matt. She's into you and anyone can see it 
 Aimee: Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to… I'm just gonna go 
 (She leaves) 
 Matt: What are you doing? 
 Caroline: This isn't my fault Matt, okay? She's after you and I shouldn't have to put up with that 
 Matt: I thought you said no more drama? 
 Caroline: Well, I lied 
 Matt: Just forget it, just forget all of it 
 Caroline: So what, are you like breaking up with me? 
 Matt: Yeah. Yeah, I guess that's what I'm doing 
 (He looks at her and leaves) 
 [Gilbert's house] 
 (Jenna is in the kitchen; Alaric arrives) 
 Jenna: Rick, I wasn't expecting you and Elena so later 
 (He looks at her and kisses her) 
 Alaric: I should have done that this morning 
 (He kisses her again) 
 (Elena and Damon are at the porch) 
 Damon: Road trips work well for us 
 Elena: That doesn't mean that things are back to the way they used to be, Damon 
 Damon: Oh come on! You know I chipped a little bit off your wall of hatred 
 Elena: I need to know the truth. When you broke Jeremy's neck, did you that he was wearing the ring? 
 Damon: No. No, I didn't. Katherine really pissed me off and I snapped and… I got lucky with the ring. I don't know what I would done of he wasn't wearing it. Elena, I'm sorry 
 Elena: Thank you for being honest with me and the answer to your question, about our friendship is yes. You have lost me forever 
 Damon: You knew that already, didn't you? You used me today 
 Elena: You had information about Katherine that I needed to know 
 Damon: I thought friends don't manipulate friends. You and Katherine have a lot more in common than just your looks  
 (He looks at her and leaves) 
 [Caroline's house] 
 (Caroline is in her bed. She wakes up, Katherine is here) 
 Caroline: Elena? 
 Katherine: Nope, try again 
 Caroline: Katherine 
 (Katherine sits down on her bed; Caroline goes away from her) 
 Katherine: Don't be frightened. We're going to have so much fun together 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 