Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Replacement - New Amsterdam 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Replacement https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=884&t=35016 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/06/19 07:05 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Replacement 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [MELANCHOLY ROCK MUSIC] 
  Tell me things you've never said out loud Just try and go there if you can Show me the parts of you You're not that proud of I want to know, I'm just a man I'll have you know that I have good and bad days Come on now, love, don't be naive [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  - Oh. 
  - Oh! 
  - Oh! 
  Oh, game point! 
  - Game! 
  [CHEERING] 
  - You guys got schooled. 
  - Yeah, boy. 
  I gotta open up the shop. 
  Kenny, you're leaving us one short. 
  Like y'all ain't gonna be at the shop later, begging to fit you in for a lineup, right? 
  Hey, stroller guy, you want to run? 
  Me? 
  Oh, sorry. 
  Baby. 
  I'll watch your baby. 
  Uh No, no, that's okay. 
  I don't want to I babysit all the time. 
  You got no reason not to play. 
  Uh really? 
  Go, go. 
  Trap, trap, trap, trap, trap! 
  Go, go, go, go! 
  Hey, stroller guy, who taught you to dribble, your baby? 
  What a life, what a goal, what a dream What a life, what a goal, what a dream [SHOUTS] 
  Not in my house, baby! 
  Did I mention I have cancer? 
  Hey, stroller guy, I hope you pass some serious math skills onto this baby. 
  [OVERLAPPING CHATTER] 
  What a life, what a goal, what a dream [PLAYER YELLING] 
  [OVERLAPPING CHATTER] 
  - Watch the screen. 
  - Shot, shot, shot! 
  Hey, stroller guy, you want me to bring you a golf club? 
  [OVERLAPPING CHATTER] 
  You can get zapped when the sparks fly Get 'em hog-tied Seeing the world through business eyes I know. 
  I'd be crying, too. 
  Shot! 
  [PLAYERS GROANING] 
  We'll get that back. 
  [BABY CRYING] 
  Sorry, guys, I got to duty calls. 
  - Aww. 
  - Fun's over. 
  [BABY CRYING] 
  You might not be able to shoot, stroller guy, but look at Marquis. 
  You definitely had him running up and down the court. 
  It was fun. 
  Yeah, man, good playing with you, man. 
  You, too. 
  Hey, thanks. 
  First time playing basketball? 
  No way. 
  Two years YMCA rec league. 
  Basically pro. 
  Daddy's got mad skills, right? 
  - Don't listen to them. 
  - Dad, are you okay? 
  [LOUD THUD] 
  [MAN GROANS] 
  - Dad! 
  - Rod, grab the stroller. 
  Marquis! 
  Give me some space. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  Call 9-1-1. 
  32-year-old man found down. 
  No pulse, no respirations. 
  Cardiac resuscitation started immediately. 
  Get the defibrillator ready. 
  He was sweating profusely as he boxed me out - in our pickup game. 
  - Your pickup game? 
  Why does no on believe I can play? 
  Is he gonna be okay? 
  Yeah, just come with me. 
  Nuh-uh. 
  I'm going in with him. 
  I need you to stay here. 
  Just tell me plain. 
  Is my dad gonna be okay? 
  You watched over my daughter, and we're gonna watch over your dad. 
  Okay? 
  First, I divide the pleura to isolate the diaphragm. 
  Then, with forceps applying gentle traction, I plicate the paralyzed area using a series of U-sutures. 
  Where are those anchored? 
  Costal arch of the sixth rib. 
  I also dug deep and found a completely endoscopic approach. 
  No partial thoracotomy? 
  Since when? 
  That's not how I trained. 
  You got some reading to do. 
  Damn, Duke, you're putting me on the ropes. 
  I'm just, I'm so mad at myself right now. 
  So much for telling you my news. 
  We have four children under 10 already. 
  But, no, I have to suggest to Martin that we adopt another one. 
  Why? 
  What am I doing? 
  Why do I always do this? 
  But it's like if you see a squirrel in the park and it's injured, or, like, a pigeon with a bum wing or whatever, do you not try to rescue it? 
  No. 
  You don't? 
  I do. 
  That's, like, my go-to. 
  I just can't help myself. 
  But Martin, you know, you should've seen the look on his face this morning, Vijay, it was like I don't know. 
  What's a word that means angry but also profoundly exasperated? 
  English is not my first language, but I see these kids in the refugee camps, and I see the looks on their faces, and it's a no-brainer for me. 
  We have money, we have space, we Martin ugh, Martin. 
  No, Martin's right. 
  Martin's right. 
  Martin is always right. 
  We have a full family as is, and there are tons of other ways to help. 
  Thank you. 
  Thank you for talking me through this, Vijay. 
  I appreciate it. 
  Now hit me with the good news. 
  What's going on? 
  We are having a baby. 
  What? 
  Are you seeing someone? 
  Not me, but Ella, she's carrying my grandchild. 
  Can you believe it? 
  No, not even a little bit. 
  At first, it was all bad, but what choice do I have but to take it as a blessing? 
  I can't stop smiling. 
  Are you okay? 
  We're having a baby. 
  We're having a baby! 
  [SIGHS] 
  Maybe you're not stretching it enough. 
  You know what? 
  I never thought of that. 
  - Really? 
  - No, not really. 
  I am doing all of the recommended stretches and exercises, and you know what? 
  Sometimes things just hurt. 
  On a scale of one to ten, how's your pain level? 
  A hard one. 
  Sounds more like Oh, you got me. 
  Yeah, my pain level is jazz hands. 
  You know what? 
  even if you are right, and I am in otherworldly pain, I've got physical therapy right after work. 
  That's in nine hours. 
  Why don't you see if Ligon can squeeze you in for a quick session? 
  Just so you can get through the day. 
  Hm? 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC] 
  What's wrong? 
  This time, I should be on top. 
  [EXHALES] 
  I, of course, say that from a therapeutic standpoint. 
  Ms. 
  Richards. 
  Welcome to New Amsterdam. 
  Thrilled to be here. 
  Yeah, so I understand that you were previously at Mount Zion under Dr. 
  Castro. 
  Yes. 
  I'm embarrassed to ask you, but would mind? 
  Could you just write, "Warm regards, Molly?" Of course. 
  It's an old co-worker. 
  We recently lost a mutual friend. 
  I can't grip the ow. 
  It's not a problem. 
  There you go. 
  Thank you, dear. 
  I'm Dr. 
  Sharpe. 
  I run the oncology Dr. 
  Castro and I head the department. 
  I'm glad to see women are running things here, too. 
  I was a partner at Goldman and Fitch. 
  Investment banking Impressive. 
  I have a number of patients in that field. 
  Almost all are men. 
  We gals, as they called us, were about one in ten. 
  It was great fun, before I was sidelined by this stupid disease. 
  I can see you're in a lot of pain. 
  Dr. Castro warned me this latest experimental agent might be rough. 
  How many have you tried? 
  I don't know. 
  Seven. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  How you feeling? 
  I was gonna make a Floyd Mayweather reference, but I don't think sports is your thing. 
  He was a boxer. 
  Oh, was he? 
  Thank you for that. 
  Uh, Marquis, you have a heart that's been working overtime. 
  Do you know you have hypertension? 
  Of course my blood pressure's up. 
  I'm in the damn hospital. 
  You get me outside, it's a different story. 
  Well, it's high blood pressure that brought you in here. 
  That's impossible. 
  I exercise every day. 
  I eat healthy. 
  Your condition's been developing for some time. 
  When's the last time you that had a checkup or a physical? 
  Not since I've been alive. 
  Why go to the doctor when you're healthy? 
  Best time to go to the doctor is before you get sick. 
  Blood sugar checks, cancer screenings And the added benefit of missing work? 
  How many guys I met today have the same policy on doctors? 
  All of them. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC] 
  Hi, there. 
  Stroller guy. 
  Yeah. 
  Also known as Dr. Max Goodwin. 
  Dr. G. 
  That's cooler. 
  Let's go with that. 
  Kenny. 
  Thanks for helping my boy Quis out. 
  - Sure. 
  - How's he doing? 
  It's tough to say, but just glad I was there. 
  Marquis is one of my best customers. 
  How about I give you a trim free of charge? 
  You know what? 
  I actually I have a free service for you. 
  What kind of service? 
  What do you think about Kenny's Kuts having its own in-house physician? 
  So you want to set up in my shop? 
  Uh, yeah. 
  I want to give consultations to your customers, free of charge. 
  Yeah, but, like, here? 
  Like, inside the shop? 
  Right here. 
  Look, Doc, the only cutting that goes on inside this clinic is hair. 
  Look, Marquis is your customer, right? 
  He just had a cardiac emergency due to unchecked hypertension. 
  But what if he had a doctor checking his blood pressure every so often, say, every time he gets a haircut? 
  I feel you, but what makes you think all of my customers need help? 
  Three in four African American men develop high blood pressure by the age of 55, and are twice as likely to die from cardiac disease. 
  I don't know, man. 
  Not buying it. 
  Look, it's not gonna cost you a thing, all right? 
  Once a week, I'll spend an hour in the back, and if anybody wants to get their blood pressure checked, I'm here. 
  And if it's high, I give them a pill. 
  What you think, man? 
  I don't know. 
  White guy in the back, handing out pills? 
  That doesn't look too good. 
  What's in it for you? 
  I won't have to watch another 14-year-old girl think her dad just died. 
  By standing on the wall Get your back up off the wall 'Cause I heard all the people saying Okay. 
  Mrs. Martone? 
  Tessa. 
  And this is Xander. 
  Hey, Xander. 
  My name is Dr. Bloom, and this here is Casey. 
  Do you mind if I take a look at your head? 
  Ooh. 
  Okay, that is what us doctors call a doozy, but it's nothing a few stitches can't fix. 
  So how'd this happen? 
  He was doing his homework when he started to get frustrated. 
  Next thing I knew he was standing and banging his head against the wall. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  Can we get Dr. 
  Frome down here? 
  So here's the damaged area of your heart. 
  Now there are two options. 
  We can tuck an internal defibrillator just under skin to shock the heart back into normal rhythm when it goes out of control, or we can perform surgery and take out the part of your heart that's causing the problem. 
  I was fine this morning. 
  Now you want to cut into me? 
  Look, I'm a single father with a daughter to take care of. 
  Who's gonna take care of me after open-heart surgery? 
  I won't be a burden to her. 
  Wait, wait, hold up, hold up, hold up. 
  Might be another option. 
  So you will wear this all the time. 
  Even in the shower? 
  While you're sleeping, eating, exercising, everything. 
  Now your monitor's gonna transmit your heart rhythm back here to the hospital. 
  If there's any more troubling rhythms, the hospital will know about it, and we'll be able to coordinate a response to the GPS in the device. 
  Marquis, glad you're feeling better. 
  - Thanks, Dr. 
  Goodwin. 
  - Yeah, just so you know, you can get full health care from me at Kenny's Kuts. 
  Wait, what? 
  Yeah, I got a chair in the back. 
  I'll see you there. 
  Why would Valentina, I've just met Molly Richards. 
  Dry as a martini, isn't she? 
  She's suffering. 
  She's been through a lot, but she's a trooper. 
  She mentioned how she's on her seventh drug regimen. 
  She's gone through all kinds of medications that haven't even hit the market yet, even phase one trials. 
  So the drugs you're giving her are only to see if people can tolerate them? 
  That sounds like a judgment. 
  If she's suffering this badly and you don't even know if they work Molly's been breaking barriers her entire life, so even now, with incurable cancer, she gains satisfaction from pioneering new treatments. 
  Gives her meaning to her struggle. 
  Mm. 
  And it advances your career. 
  Excuse me? 
  Are these treatments helping her, or you? 
  Helen she's my patient. 
  Hello. 
  Hi. 
  Hi, Xander. 
  My name is Dr. Frome. 
  I heard that you did a real number on your noggin there. 
  Ouch. 
  You think you can talk to me about why you did it? 
  It's okay, sweetie. 
  Dr. Frome is here to help. 
  Absolutely. 
  I don't know. 
  No? 
  That's okay. 
  Why don't you tell me what happened? 
  I don't know. 
  I just I just got mad, and then I was, like Hurting myself. 
  Well, that must've been scary. 
  Have you gotten mad like that before? 
  I've been frustrated before, like, with school. 
  Yeah. 
  My mom. 
  But never this bad. 
  That's okay. 
  It's okay, Xander. 
  It's like I'm mad all the time. 
  And I can't control it anymore. 
  I bet that's hard. 
  Xander, has your hand been shaking like that since you hurt your head? 
  It's been like that for a while. 
  You two take it easy here. 
  I'll be back in a bit, okay? 
  All right. 
  Xander Martone has neurological damage. 
  From his head injury? 
  No, worse. 
  From before the head injury. 
  Okay, I'll run some tests, and I'll page Kapoor. 
  Okay. 
  [RAPID BEEPING] 
  Code. 
  V-fib, outpatient heart monitor, - Marquis Cannon. 
  - Damnit. 
  Okay. 
  Let me through. 
  Make room. 
  He just stopped and fell. 
  [SIRENS WAILING] 
  [WHIRRING] 
  [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
  - Hey, Kenny, - Hm. 
  What's up with Nurse Jackie down there? 
  That's Dr. G, here on his lunch break. 
  So, what, you line me up, and then Doogie Howser down there amputates my leg or something? 
  - What, take out my appendix? 
  - You know what, man? 
  I think barbers actually used to do surgeries. 
  He's here for folks like you who ain't been to a doctor in a month of Sundays. 
  Man, do I look like I need to go to the doctor? 
  Hey, maybe I do. 
  I mean, these pythons is a little sick, you know? 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  What about that time you busted your elbow falling off your bike? 
  Man, I wrapped it myself. 
  Let's check it out. 
  My elbow fine. 
  Yo, anybody who's seen your jumpshot knows that's not true. 
  Okay, okay, okay, you got jokes. 
  Man, shut up, man. 
  It ain't like you ever been to the doctor. 
  Don't trust 'em. 
  Never have, never will. 
  Look, guys, I know it's a little unusual, but I'm just I'm just trying to help. 
  Doc, man, do yourself a favor, and go find you some real sick patients, like at a retirement home, huh? 
  [LAUGHTER] 
  Actually, that's exactly what I'm trying to do. 
  Doc, you ain't getting it, man. 
  Ain't none of us sick. 
  Um it's just that untreated malignant hypertension can kill you, and as African American men, you're twice as likely to have it. 
  And, Damian, I mean, how do you know you don't have a small hole in your heart right now? 
  You know, I mean, you could be sitting here, chatting with your friends one minute, and then the next, you've thrown a clot, and you're having a stroke, you know? 
  Or, you, you could have untreated type 2 diabetes, in which case, I really would have to amputate that foot. 
  Aren't y'all supposed to have bedside manner, or something? 
  Yeah, I know I didn't mean to kill the vibe in there. 
  I just got carried away, and I My customers don't come here to be threatened or shamed. 
  Okay, especially by some stranger. 
  I get it. 
  It won't happen again. 
  Yeah, no kidding, 'cause you're not coming back. 
  Fired in the first hour. 
  That's a new record. 
  Okay, so something's not working in my heart. 
  That's clear. 
  What' this thing about the pacemaker? 
  That's the one that doesn't involve you cracking open my chest, right? 
  Right, but to be perfectly honest, that option won't be curative. 
  I want the pacemaker. 
  - I don't want surgery. 
  - Weak. 
  There's a doctor telling you to your face there's a good option and a weak option, and you're going for the weak option, 'cause he just said the pacemaker is like the midrange jumper of medicine. 
  So do me a favor, Dad. 
  Finish at the rim, or jack up a three. 
  Go for the cure or go home, 'cause I don't even want you in my house if you're not gonna play right. 
  Looks like I'm getting the surgery. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  Okay, let's start him on Phenytoin. 
  850mg IV loading dose. 
  Excuse me, have you seen Dr. 
  Bloom? 
  Oh, you are not serious. 
  Oh, there you are. 
  Yes. 
  Here I am on the floor I am supposed to be on. 
  Come with me. 
  [UPBEAT MUSIC] 
  Okay. 
  I know what's going on here. 
  You do? 
  Yes, I came to see you twice yesterday. 
  I was desperate and hurting and I was having a good-hair day, and you thought maybe this would turn into the kind of arrangement where you could just pop down here any time you had an itch to scratch and I would service you in between patients. 
  That's not But this hey, this is not about s*x for me. 
  This is about managing my pain, and I come to you, not the other way around. 
  I need your help. 
  How can I help? 
  That's very good. 
  Um my first day at the barber shop was not exactly a success. 
  I got fired. 
  Yep. 
  Saw that coming a mile away. 
  Did you? 
  Thanks for saying something. 
  I was thinking maybe you could give it a shot. 
  What makes you think I can do any better? 
  Well, it's just, you know, I think my particular complexion puts me at a slight disadvantage, shall we say, that maybe you won't encounter for various reasons. 
  - It's 'cause I'm black. 
  - It's because you're black, yeah. 
  Right, and you want me to bail you out with a group of people who don't trust you. 
  If you wouldn't mind. 
  Except the problem isn't you. 
  I mean, well, it's always just a little bit of you, but it's things like the Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment. 
  Henrietta Lacks, experimental surgeries on slaves. 
  Those kind of things are the things that cause black people to take pause whenever a doctor like yourself comes around asking to help. 
  Yeah. 
  What are you telling me, not to help? 
  I'm telling you that it doesn't matter who you send in there. 
  They're not a part of their community, they're gonna be met with a block. 
  Right. 
  Right. 
  Max, I know that face. 
  Whatever you're thinking, don't. 
  Thank you. 
  [SIGHS] 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  [KNOCKING AT DOOR] 
  Dr. Sharpe. 
  Bearing gifts. 
  If you're really the head of the department, surely you have people to do that for you. 
  Co-head. 
  And I like seeing patients. 
  Make sure they're being taken care of properly. 
  Control freak, huh? 
  Me, too. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Molly do you mind if I call you Molly? 
  No. 
  How did you lose your friend? 
  From the letter. 
  Stupid accident. 
  I confess. 
  Part of me envies her. 
  Life, fine. 
  Death, at this point fine, too. 
  It's the middle ground, waiting for death, that's humiliating. 
  So why are you continuing with the treatments? 
  Dr. Castro said my tumor is a good one for study. 
  Some genetic variant makes it deliciously interesting. 
  So you like being part of the process. 
  You find it satisfying. 
  I used to. 
  Molly. 
  Has Dr. Castro ever talked to you about hospice? 
  Hospice? 
  The trial someone else is still pulling the strings. 
  I miss being in control, especially now. 
  At the end. 
  Your son's CT is clear. 
  That's the good news. 
  But his blood work revealed extremely high levels of lead toxicity. 
  Lead? 
  What does that mean? 
  Well, this level of exposure affected every one of Xander's organs. 
  It's the reason for the impulse control, the violent emotional swings, also the hand tremors. 
  All of it. 
  But we caught it early. 
  We'll get him started - with the chelation therapy right away. 
  - Absolutely. 
 
 
 
  How was he exposed? 
  Most likely in your home. 
  But I have notified the city to come out and test your home. 
  Unfortunately, full disclosure, they are a little backed up. 
  It could be a few months. 
  So I'm supposed to go back home and just hope that it's safe? 
  No. 
  For Xander's sake, you can't take him back until it's cleared. 
  Where am I supposed to go? 
  I don't have anywhere else. 
  Perhaps we could help. 
  No lead. 
  Has your turned red anywhere? 
  Nope. 
  So we will have to test Xander's school and all of the parks that he likes to play in. 
  And by we, obviously I mean the city whose job this actually is. 
  [MACHINE BEEPING] 
  Yeah, you good right there. 
  Let me see one of those swabs. 
  Uh, okay. 
  Look. 
  Lead. 
  What are you, some sort of lead magician? 
  How did you know that? 
  That overpass has been repainted. 
  They would've had to scrape off all the older layers of the lead paint. 
  Oh, yeah. 
  So if Xander's house had exposure to lead, then so will all of his neighbors. 
  And their neighbors. 
  The city poisoned this whole neighborhood. 
  Still got time for that cut? 
  Hey, yo, doc, I thought I made myself clear this morning. 
  Yeah, no, you were. 
  It's just a cut. 
  Nah, man. 
  I had to spend the rest of the day taking shots from everybody 'cause of you. 
  Sorry. 
  I tend to have that effect on people. 
  You know how hard I worked to gain those people's trust? 
  Hm? 
  Make them feel safe? 
  Everybody who comes to my shop has something to worry about. 
  Their jobs, their family and, yeah, their health probably should be on that list, but people have a hard enough time as it is. 
  What if there's a way to keep them safe and healthy? 
  You didn't come here for a cut, did you? 
  Not really, no, 'cause I really that your customers don't need some doctor from the hospital down the street. 
  They need someone they trust and respect, someone they know has their best interest at heart. 
  - They need you. 
  - They already got me. 
  Well, I'm thinking bigger, Kenny. 
  I'm thinking you could be the one keeping your community healthy. 
  So, what, you want to make me a doctor? 
  Look, how about you give me that free cut and we can talk? 
  [LAUGHS] 
  If I don't like your plan, I'm charging full price. 
  Deal. 
  The defect is sub-aortal. 
  [INDISTINCT] 
  Blood pressure. 
  Maintain monitoring. 
  All right, suction. 
  Duke, what do you see? 
  The left ventricle's dilated. 
  That's right. 
  The heart wall's much thinner than I expected. 
  I'm gonna have to go slow and careful. 
  Tell the scheduling nurse we'll need more than two hours. 
  How long will you need? 
  Uh six hours or more, and page Max. 
  All right, let's go ahead and start the endoventricular circular plasty. 
  You sure about that? 
  Why not do the McCarthy technique? 
  We'll do exactly as I said. 
  Is that clear? 
  Suction. 
  Thank you for coming down, Mr. Laettner. 
  Oh, Nathan. 
  Nathan's fine. 
  Good, good, good, you know, it's not every day we have the Deputy Comptroller of the City of New York in our midst, so. 
  We wish to speak with you about the lead contamination in the local neighborhood. 
  Yes, you see, Nathan, the Cross Bronx Expressway was built before 1972. 
  I don't know if you're aware of that. 
  And this is the part that's just bananas to me. 
  Back then, the city only used lead-based paints. 
  The city is fully aware of that fact, Dr. 
  Frome. 
  Oh, are they? 
  Yeah, my office is actively engaged in replacing all lead-based paints on public works with safer alternatives. 
  Yeah, for which the city is eternally grateful, but if your workers had done so properly, we wouldn't be here treating them. 
  Yeah. 
  You see, Nathan, when the city workers were sandblasting the lead-based paint off that overpass, they must not have sealed the blast zones. 
  Toxic airborne particles managed to pollute the entire neighborhood, every yard over a six-block stretch. 
  So it appears your office has a huge cleanup job on your hands, and a temporary housing crisis. 
  You're probably gonna expect to cough up a pretty hefty settlement on this one. 
  That lead could've come from anywhere. 
  Occupational exposure, food, structures in the neighborhood, they were all built before 1972. 
  The city is not responsible for this mess. 
  And you have no proof that says otherwise. 
  He's seizing. 
  Push 2mg of ativan. 
  - [GROANS] 
  - Bloom? 
  I'm fine. 
  Get back to the patient. 
  - Just lean on me. 
  - No, I said I'm fine. 
  Damnit, Lauren, just lean on me. 
  I am fine. 
  [INDISTINCT] 
  Lap pad. 
  Tissue strength is lower than expected. 
  How is he? 
  He's fading, Max. 
  I'm gonna be honest. 
  So am I. 
  Well, you want me to call Flores so you can take a break? 
  If I can get a stitch to hold, I'd be done. 
  Per the standardized calculations. 
  The sutures just keep pulling through. 
  I can't the walls of his heart together. 
  How can I help? 
  Say the word. 
  [SIGHS] 
  You can prepare his daughter. 
  In case. 
  We'll leave nurses scrubbed in. 
  You wanted to see me? 
  Yes. 
  Thank you, Jules. 
  Molly, are you depressed? 
  Depressed? 
  No. 
  I'm a lot of things, but that's not one of them. 
  Do you still find meaning in your life? 
  No. 
  And how would you describe the quality of your life? 
  Lacking quality. 
  Why are you asking me this? 
  These are extremely powerful painkillers. 
  They're very good at what they do. 
  But if you take too many of them, your breathing will slow and you will die. 
  I'm gonna leave the room now. 
  If they're gone when I return, there will be no questions asked. 
  This is your choice. 
  No one else's. 
  You're in control. 
  [DRAMATIC MUSIC] 
  Harmony, your your dad needs a little more help, and it might be more than we can give. 
  Is there someone I can call for you? 
  No one but me and my dad. 
  Okay, well, I know that waiting can be scary so if you need someone to talk to, I'm here. 
  I'm fine. 
  Okay, well I'm just gonna sit here, too. 
  If that's okay. 
  I want to know exactly what you said to Molly Richards. 
  Why? 
  Has something happened? 
  She checked out of the hospital after 16 months of working tirelessly on her behalf. 
  Where did she go? 
  What did you say to my patient? 
  Okay, first of all, Valentina, she's not your patient. 
  She is our patient. 
  There are no sides in this department. 
  But yes, I did speak with her. 
  Of course, you did. 
  And I told her that I thought you were doing an extraordinary job, but if her pain had become too great, I knew that you would understand if she chose not to continue treatment, because has a physician, there is no way that you would put a drug trial or scientific discovery ahead of the needs of your patient. 
  And I am certain that she appreciated that. 
  Next time one of our patients has an issue, I promise be equally supportive of you. 
  This is my last album. 
  Oh, man, is that you? 
  Look at you, you little tough guy. 
  We're, like, four. 
  Well, I don't care how old you are. 
  Serving that attitude. 
  Anything outside your house? 
  Halloween, obviously. 
  I love the wings. 
  Oh, my God. 
  [LAUGHS] 
  I don't even know what's happening here. 
  They just grow up so fast. 
  I been through so many albums. 
  My battery's dying. 
  I don't think I'm gonna find anything. 
  May I? 
  I think you just did. 
  Dr. 
  Kapoor? 
  This looks like proof to me. 
  Oh, hey, Andy. 
  Where's Ligon? 
  Dr. 
  Ligon's on vacation. 
  Are you serious? 
  I thought he went down to the ED to tell you. 
  Would you like to see Dr. 
  Parsons? 
  She's also a miracle worker. 
  No. 
  Thank you. 
  [SIGHS] 
  Ella. 
  Ella. 
  I can't stop thinking about the big news. 
  - Vijay - Don't Vijay me. 
  We are a family now. 
  You haven't told anyone, have you? 
  Of course not. 
  Okay. 
  Um Because I am not sure if I'm keeping it. 
  [SAD ACOUSTIC GUITAR MELODY] 
  We've wanted it to be Trusty and true But feathers Harmony. 
  Fell from our wings Your dad hit the three. 
  He's gonna be okay. 
  We've wanted to be Worthy of you It's gonna be okay. 
  Rained on our dreams But we can't Take back What is done What is past So, fellas Lay down your spears 'Cause we can't Take back What is done What is past So let us Start from here You wanted to see me? 
  This is my OR. 
  Everything I do here is for a reason. 
  It works for me. 
  Now out there on the floor is a loving, peaceful democracy, but in there, it's full-blown dictatorship. 
  You got it? 
  - Understood. 
  - I didn't say you can go. 
  Run down the McCarthy technique. 
  Top to bottom. 
  Yes, sir. 
  You start by opening the IV apex at least 1. 
  5cm from the LAD. 
  Then, using a purse string suture, you pull together the damaged left ventricular wall. 
  - Hi. 
  - We need to talk right now. 
  I see you heard about our plan to sue the city over lead contamination. 
  What? 
  No. 
  What? 
  Oh, then, never mind. 
  I'm here because I heard about your little plan with the barber. 
  Oh, yeah. 
  Pretty cool, right? 
  - No, no, not cool. 
  - Not cool? 
  No, I'm just training a barber at Kenny's Kuts to check his customer's blood pressure. 
  - That's it? 
  - Yeah. 
  Mostly. 
  Here me out. 
  Kenny sees people once a week in a relaxed and trusted environment. 
  You couldn't ask for a better monitoring situation, and if anyone exceeds 140/90 for over four weeks The barber is diagnosing hypertension and dispensing prescription meds? 
  With my oversight. 
  What oversight? 
  You're not there. 
  You're here. 
  Kenny has a detailed checklist to follow. 
  So do Legos, but no one's life depends on them. 
  I mean, what if mistakes are made? 
  There's a built-in system of checks and balances that I'll be carefully supervising, and, sure, there's some risk, but Kenny and the others will be saving lives. 
  - Just imagine - Wait, wait, stop. 
  What others? 
  You said others? 
  Yeah. 
  So far I've enlisted seven barber shops, and I'm trying for more. 
  Max, what you're doing is decentralizing and de-professionalizing healthcare. 
  Exactly. 
  There's no reason that healthcare has to be delivered in a hospital. 
  In fact, patients are best served in an environment where they're made comfortable by trusted members of their own community. 
  Hospitals have to go meet patients where they live, not the other way around. 
  So in your idealized world, there are zero patients at New Amsterdam? 
  Ideally. 
  Yeah. 
  Come Come along Come with sorrows Hey, stroller guy. 
  And songs Come however you are Just come I got stroller guy. 
  I got him, I got him. 
  - Ah! 
  - Oh! 
  Come let yourself be wrong Come however you are Just come 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 