Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - Hiding Behind My Smile - New Amsterdam 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - Hiding Behind My Smile https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=884&t=35724 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/22/20 08:48 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - Hiding Behind My Smile 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "New Amsterdam" I have Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. 
  I'm gonna move back in with my parents. 
  In Idaho. 
  Maybe you can move in with me. 
  What do you think would happen if you stopped helping people? 
  What would they see? 
  They would see what a complete loser I am Corny, nerdy, fat. 
  San Francisco's sounding really good right about now. 
  Let's get out of here. 
  The pattern of your behavior can actually be indicative of a more substantive diagnosis per the DSM-5. 
  Such as? 
  Narcissistic Personality Disorder? 
  Effective immediately, you are stripped of your title as cochair of oncology, as well as your duties as deputy medical director. 
  At the center, where they belong, so I am introducing a new initiative to change that, one that reconnects all of our doctors to our Ligon did what? 
  I know. 
  Who could've guessed that having s*x with my doctor and fellow drug addict would turn out poorly? 
  Are you okay? 
  No, not really. 
  But is it crazy to think that this all happened at exactly the same time I get a large chunk of money from my family's trust? 
  What, you think the money's cursed? 
  I think bad things happen anytime my family does anything, but especially when there's money involved. 
  How much are we talking? 
  Whatever amount is in your head, times it by ten, and then taint it with toxic family relationships. 
  Well, just buy a house in the Hamptons so we can grow old and "Grey Gardens" together. 
  How are you holding up? 
  Great. 
  It's good. 
  I've got so much time freed up. 
  Helen. 
  It's horrible. 
  Honestly, I thought that it would be easier, but I feel like I'm trespassing in my own hospital. 
  But I'm not gonna dwell on it. 
  I'm just gonna keep my head down and just focus on my patients. 
  Well, look, at least they still let you monitor my drug tests. 
  Yes. 
  Still allowed to watch you pee. 
  Hey, missed you at the department head meeting this morning. 
  Oh, I'm sure it went swimmingly. 
  How's my little munchkin doing today? 
  I don't like you being out of the loop. 
  I didn't get to tell you my big idea. 
  Is Luna going on rounds? 
  Everyone loves seeing baby boss. 
  Actually, it's time for our six-month checkup, so we're headed to the Ped's wing for some important vaccines. 
  Gosh. 
  Have fun. 
  Wait, I didn't get to tell you my big idea. 
  - No need. 
  - But I want to tell you. 
  I have patients. 
  Sounds like you have zero patience, with a C. 
  See what I did there? 
  It's a pun. 
  It's hilarious. 
  Gotta go, bye. 
  Terrible. 
  - Hi. 
  - Just one sec. 
  I can take that. 
  - Welcome home. 
  - Thank you. 
  That was beautiful. 
  Hot chai is ready. 
  Oh, thank you, I just I have to rush off to work. 
  Okay, then I'll quickly show you my home. 
  Okay. 
  - This is the kitchen. 
  - Yeah. 
  And this is the living room. 
  Kay. 
  - That's my mandir. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  And this will be your room. 
  I-It it appears occupied. 
  Yes, this was Rohan's room. 
  You don't say. 
  When he first left home, his mother insisted that we leave the room as it is, in case he needed to come back. 
  We will squeeze you in. 
  And this is his famous posters wall. 
  - Right. 
  - You cannot touch these. 
  - Come with me. 
  - Kay. 
  I have to show you something. 
  And my wife's sewing room is perfect for the baby. 
  - Where will the crib go? 
  - Oh No need to change much. 
  Oh. 
  What about here? 
  Uh, great. 
  - I'll show you the bathroom now. 
  - Kay. 
  Elandra Siefert, 33-year-old woman. 
  Restrained driver in a MVA. 
  Multiple crush injuries. 
  - What do you got? 
  - Hemothorax. 
  I suspect a lacerated pulmonary artery. 
  She's losing blood by the pint. 
  When can we get her to the OR? 
  Tying off an arterial pumper now, then she's all yours. 
  Ma'am why don't you come with me so the doctors can work? 
  No, she's my sister. 
  Floyd, this is gonna be a long surgery. 
  You sure you're up for it? 
  Wound's healed, I'll be fine. 
  What about you? 
  Wound's healed. 
  I'll be fine. 
  B/P 80/40 and dropping. 
  Tachy at 130 and rising. 
  - Yo, we gotta go. 
  - Okay, I'm almost there. 
  Breathing pattern ineffective. 
  Okay, she's all yours. 
  Is Elandra on any medications, or has she had any health scares? 
  No meds. 
  She was a Marine. 
  She's crazy healthy. 
  Please help her! 
  Okay, all right, we're gonna do everything we can. 
  - Let's go! 
  - Incoming! 
  - Out of the way. 
  - Trey Masterson. 
  18, with an anaphylactic reaction. 
  Epi Auto Injector times two with no response. 
  High-dose Epi. 
  Original B/P 130 over 70, down to 110 over 50. 
  Heart rate 148. 
  O2 sats 84 and dropping. 
  Okay, doubling dose. 
  - Heart rate at 160. 
  - Okay, but O2's up to 90. 
  - We got him. 
  - Trey? 
  Trey, has anything like this ever happened to you before? 
  - No. 
  - Okay. 
  Any medical history we should know about? 
  I had lymphoma. 
  Four years ago. 
  - Okay. 
  - Dr. 
  Sharpe treated me. 
  Okay, okay, we're gonna run some tests to figure out what caused this allergic reaction, and let's page Sharpe. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hi, Dr. 
  Goodwin. 
  I'll let Dr. 
  Elder know you're here. 
  Thanks. 
  Oh. 
  Is anyone Oh, sorry. 
  Thanks. 
  Are you gonna walk for me? 
  Are we walking today? 
  How old is yours? 
  Six months. 
  Walking's right around the corner. 
  Yeah, so I've heard. 
  I keep putting her on the treadmill, but no luck. 
  Well, this wobbly girl is Bobbi. 
  Oh. 
  Hey there. 
  This sweet girl is Luna. 
  You know, it's nice that the adults don't have to put the qualifiers before our names too. 
  Actually, I think we'd treat each other better if we did. 
  Hi, I'm "anxious in hospitals" Alice. 
  I'm "hiding behind my smile" Max. 
  Hey. 
  Have you heard Max's big idea? 
  No screens? 
  That is a big idea. 
  No screens in patient rooms, no tablets, no computers. 
  He's not serious, is he? 
  He's definitely serious. 
  But we don't actually have to do it, do we? 
  You most certainly do, and not only that, but as chair, it's your job to share this new rule with your entire department. 
  One down. 
  Good luck with the rest. 
  - Dr. 
  Sharpe. 
  - Dr. Baker. 
  Don't say my name nicely when it's clear how furious I am. 
  This is unacceptable. 
  I'm not sure what you're referring to. 
  No screens? 
  I had nothing to do with that. 
  Then veto it! 
  We need screens. 
  This isn't the Stone Age. 
  As I'm certain you've heard, I'm no longer management. 
  I am just a doctor like yourself, keeping my head down and focusing on my patients. 
  Dr. Sharpe. 
  No screens during any patient encounters is, frankly, outlandish. 
  Dr. Eliraz, long time. 
  - I'm doing well. 
  Thank you for asking. 
  - Dr. Sharpe. 
  Without looking at a computer screen, I can't keep my patients' names straight. 
  I suspect that's why Dr. 
  Goodwin instated the policy. 
  More face-to-face emotional engagement. 
  Since I was an intern, I've always had a screen in my exam room. 
  We can't do our jobs without our screens. 
  You have to make this go away. 
  Enough! 
  I am not the deputy medical director, I am not a department chair, I am not anyone who is in charge of anything, so my advice to all of you is to suck it up, swallow your pride, keep your head down, and do the one damn thing that Max has asked of you, which is what I am trying to do! 
  And just for the record, you should bloody well know your patients' names. 
  Hi, Luna. 
  Can you say hi? 
  Say hola. 
  Shalom? 
  Bobbi, you wanna say hi to Luna? 
  She's totally thinking "hello. 
  " Yeah, totally got that. 
  What are you in for? 
  Bobbi keeps getting these ear infections. 
  - Ouch. 
  - Yeah. 
  They're scared they could delay her speech, so an ENT's putting these tubes in her ears. 
  Tympanostomy. 
  That's the word I keep meaning to write down. 
  Maybe you could toss them on in, seeing as you're already in scrubs. 
  Yeah, I'm not really an ear guy, but if she had Ebola In that case, we'll stick with the ear infections. 
  That's fair. 
  - Dr. 
  Goodwin. 
  - Yep. 
  - You can come on back now. 
  - Oh, great. 
  Hope the doctor gets to you soon. 
  Thanks. 
  - Nice to meet you. 
  - You too. 
  And Luna. 
  Yeah, she's totally thinking "bye!" - Say "bye!" - Bye! 
  - Bye, Bobbi. 
  - Bye, Luna. 
  And on a scale of one to ten, how bad is the pain? 
  Maybe a four, but it's nothing compared to my knee. 
  So it's your knee as well. 
  And what number would you give your knee? 
  Well, if my foot is a nine, then I'd say my knee is an eight. 
  Shouldn't you be typing this into a computer? 
  I've got it all right here, okay? 
  So, it is your shoulder, your knee, and your foot. 
  And that is everything. 
  And my skin is very dry. 
  Huh, so that's not everything. 
  I wasn't sure if you did skin stuff. 
  Okay, Mr. 
  Pembroke, why don't you just tell me all of your concerns? 
  Well, the only other thing I can think of is muscle aches Mm-hmm. 
  Blurred vision, exhaustion, headaches, constipation, oh, and I'm always freezing. 
  Okay, I'm gonna go and get this logged into your chart before I forget, and then I'm gonna be right back, okay? 
  Okay, so you've got shoulder pain, connected to the knee pain, connected to the foot pain, dry skin, blurry vision, muscle aches, exhaustion, constipation, and Oh, no. 
  Making the incision between the sixth and seventh rib. 
  Get me a pair of. 
  Gonna need a saline flush. 
  Isolating pulmonary artery. 
  Polypropalyne sutures. 
  Need a new carton of lap pads. 
  Suture. 
  500 milliliters. 
  That should do it. 
  Her heart rate's still rising. 
  Should be slowing down. 
  And her blood pressure's dropping. 
  - I got all the bleeders. 
  - There must be something else. 
  Hypotensive, tachycardic And a lacy red rash. 
  That's a transfusion reaction. 
  Her body's rejecting the blood. 
  Disconnect it! 
  - And call hematology! 
  - Assess for DIC. 
  She's oozing blood everywhere. 
  BP is still dropping. 
  Gauze. 
  Come on, come on. 
  Dr. Reynolds, tell me what's happening. 
  Where's Sharpe? 
  If there's an issue with the blood product, the chair of hematology gets paged, and right now, that's me. 
  Sorry, just habit. 
  You suspect a transfusion reaction? 
  Yeah, a big one. 
  Okay, I'm on it. 
  down. 
  Get a new one. 
  Dr. 
  Sharpe. 
  Long time no see. 
  Hello, Trey. 
  How are you feeling? 
  Like someone who was almost murdered by crab cakes. 
  They figure out why it happened? 
  What is it? 
  Trey, I have some bad news. 
  The newfound allergies that you have are from your lymphoma, which means that it's returned. 
  So, it's back to chemo? 
  The cancer has spread too aggressively for chemotherapy. 
  It's beyond anything that we can treat. 
  But we beat it. 
  You and me. 
  You said we beat it. 
  It's not fair, and it doesn't make any sense, and I am so sorry. 
  How long? 
  Four months. 
  Maybe six. 
  Are your parents here? 
  I'm gonna call them. 
  - No, don't. 
  - Trey I don't want them to know. 
  - Have you got a minute? 
  - Oh, hi. 
  Yeah, actually, I'm glad you're here. 
  Would you say that I have Narcissistic Personality Disorder? 
  Because the DSM says that people who are narcissistic are typically quite haughty. 
  Is that how you would characterize me? 
  Haughty? 
  Just give it to me straight. 
  Am I haughty? 
  You know, I heard a really good hypothetical to tell if you're a narcissist. 
  Good, what is it? 
  If a colleague shows up at your office during the work day, do you assume they're there for a reason, or just to hear you talk nonsense? 
  Lay it on me. 
  His name's Trey. 
  He's 18, and he wants to die alone. 
  The mutiny is upon us. 
  Why does no one ever stop me with good news? 
  Honestly, I'm gonna start using the air ducts. 
  The neurology and neurosurgery departments are in open revolt. 
  So naturally, you come to an oncologist. 
  Max's ban on screens is completely impractical. 
  Screens are vital even for the most basic neurological patient encounter. 
  Do you know what's most interesting about neurology? 
  - What? 
  - I couldn't tell you. 
  It's not my department. 
  My clinic is in chaos. 
  You must help. 
  I can't. 
  I don't have a position of authority, Vijay. 
  There's no reason for roving gangs of rebel neurologists - to listen to me. 
  - Max listens to you. 
  It's not about your title. 
  You have Max's ear. 
  Please. 
  For the patients. 
  Yeah. 
  Just so you know, your big idea is going down like a lead balloon. 
  Look there's something There's something wrong with Luna. 
  Max, what do they know what it is, or Not yet. 
  What do you need? 
  Nothing. 
  I'll handle it. 
  A small bump, Dr. 
  Goodwin. 
  Likely a lipoma. 
  Do you wanna biopsy it? 
  I don't want you to panic. 
  Well, I have Had cancer. 
  Cancer is so unlikely. 
  Yeah, I know, I know, but it could be, or it could be a hemangioma or a Budd-Chiari malformation I highly doubt that. 
  I don't want to doubt, kay? 
  I'd like to know. 
  I need to know. 
  - I could biopsy it, but - Okay. 
  We could be opening up ourselves to a false positive Do it. 
  Kay? 
  Hey. 
  It has come to my attention that you have been brazenly disregarding Max's directive. 
  Because it's crazy. 
  And yet, I'm fairly certain it wasn't optional. 
  We need our screens for consults. 
  And Max believes having your faces buried in your tablet only alienates you from your patients. 
  Now, I've spoken with Max directly and he would like you to get this done, so tell me, how can I help? 
  Do you know how much information we're expected to enter for each patient? 
  36 pages. 
  2/3rds of which is insurance coding and billing questions. 
  And we have no choice but to do it during the consults. 
  Since it takes about 15 minutes of scrolling to fill it all out. 
  If we can't do it during the patient visit, we'll have to do it after. 
  Which means each patient will take twice as long, and we'll end up seeing half as many patients. 
  And some of us are not the fastest typists. 
  Okay. 
  So, what if we were to hire, say, medical scribes who could input the data while you were consulting. 
  - Would that help? 
  - That would be incredible. 
  You can do that? 
  No, but Max can, and if Max wants this done, then consider it done. 
  Six new medical scribes coming your way. 
  That's thank you. 
  Thank you! 
  See, I knew Max would listen to you. 
  How about an indoor rock climbing wall? 
  Okay, what part of "this money is cursed" didn't you understand? 
  - Sauna and hot tub? 
  - No. 
  - Jet skis. 
  - Sure. 
  - Really? 
  - No. 
  Eli, Eli, Eli. 
  Okay. 
  Now you, you nearly had me stumped, what with your litany of issues. 
  I mean, the headaches, the knee, the inability to regulate your body temperature. 
  I mean, I really had to dig deep, and I searched far and wide. 
  I mean, I even consulted a dusty old medical text. 
  But I have figured it out. 
  I know what you have. 
  It is called a low thyroid, and it explains all of your symptoms. 
  Even the cut on my leg that won't heal? 
  What cut on your leg that won't heal? 
  Did I forget to mention that one? 
  Yeah, must've slipped your mind. 
  So, do I still have a low thyroid, Dr. 
  Bloom? 
  No. 
  Okay, so, cut on your leg that won't heal Constipation headaches Dr. 
  Sharpe. 
  Sandra Fall from billing. 
  Why did you requisition six medical scribes? 
  I didn't. 
  That was Max. 
  Except the entire neurology department said it was you. 
  Doesn't that sound like something Max would do? 
  Unfortunately, yes. 
  So, why didn't he sign the paperwork? 
  You know, that also sounds like something Max would forget to do. 
  I can't approve the requisition of new staff without the medical director's signature. 
  Okay, wait. 
  - Turn around. 
  - Why? 
  Plausible deniability. 
  Okay, you can turn around now. 
  That looks like Max signed it to me. 
  That does seem like something Max would do. 
  Have you ever heard of magical thinking? 
  No? 
  It's the belief that our thoughts can shape reality. 
  The idea that our deepest wishes can somehow shape the physical world. 
  Or sometimes, we hope that if we don't talk about something, it won't happen. 
  You think I'm in some weirdo headspace where if I don't tell my parents, I think I won't die? 
  I think it's possible. 
  Okay, no. 
  That's not me at all. 
  I'm fully clear on my situation. 
  - Okay. 
  - In six months, I'm toast. 
  Yeah. 
  So, why not tell your parents? 
  Look, I'm 18, and three years of that was spent sidelined with cancer, so experience-wise, it's like I'm 15. 
  I've got less than a year left, and I want to go live. 
  That's great. 
  Why don't you tell them that? 
  If I did, every time I leave the house, I'll have to deal with their sad faces. 
  That I'm choosing to spend my last days with people that aren't them. 
  Okay, I get that, Trey, but you know there are physical signs of cancer, right? 
  Bottles of painkillers, your body will be in decline. 
  So? 
  So your parents are bound to notice that, don't you think? 
  Terminal cancer's not really something you can hide. 
  That's why I'm leaving. 
  Leaving? 
  I've been thinking about it all morning. 
  My buddy Jem is doing a semester in Barcelona. 
  I'm gonna take the semester off and go crash with him, then after that, I'll go wherever. 
  Peru, climb the Andes, hopefully lose my virginity. 
  - It's okay to laugh. 
  - I'm not laughing. 
  There's just so much I haven't done. 
  So, your parents are gonna hear about you dying on a mountain thousands of miles away, all alone? 
  And it'll be awful for them. 
  Yeah. 
  But it's gonna be awful for them no matter what. 
  At least this way, it won't be awful for me. 
  Yeah. 
  Okay. 
  I'm gonna go get your discharge paperwork. 
  I know. 
  I know, I know, I know. 
  I know, I know, I know. 
  - I know. 
  - Everything okay? 
  They need to run some tests, but Hey, hey, hey, hey. 
  Sorry. 
  Can't seem to Don't worry about it. 
  Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. 
  My wife would have been better at this. 
  Have you tried the Ss? 
  - Give it a try? 
  - Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. 
  Hey, hey. 
  Oh, hi. 
  Hi. 
  Raising a child by yourself is hard. 
  Yeah. 
  Hoping it gets easier. 
  It won't. 
  But you get better at getting through it. 
  Yeah. 
 
 
 
  Ms. 
  Healy? 
  The doctor will see you now. 
  - There we go. 
  - Thanks. 
  Hi. 
  Hi! 
  Yeah, was that better? 
  Good luck. 
  Thanks. 
  You too. 
  Hang another liter of normal saline. 
  She has a positive ANA and double-stranded DNA antibodies. 
  She has Lupus? 
  And it's making antibodies that are reacting to the transfused red blood cells. 
  That's why she rejected it. 
  Any blood we give her needs to be meticulously matched to dozens of proteins on the surface of her red blood cells, or she'll react again. 
  - Okay, so get it up here. 
  - We don't have any. 
  But I'm gonna search every hospital and blood bank - until we find it. 
  - Well, you better hurry, or she's gonna bleed out on the table. 
  - Where's Bobbi? 
  - Still back there. 
  - Oh. 
  - They let me watch as she went under, but then said I had to wait here till after the procedure. 
  Yeah, that's typical. 
  Since my husband passed, I I hate having her out of my sight. 
  I know she's okay, but I know, um Come with me. 
  Are you sure we can be back here? 
  I know a few people. 
  You can leave that there if you want. 
  Chuck Turnbill's one of the best ENTs in Manhattan. 
  Now you get to see why. 
  Thank you. 
  Sure. 
  Dr. 
  Goodwin, we have Luna's results. 
  Excuse me. 
  We want medical scribes too. 
  Oh, do you now? 
  We heard what you got the neurosurgeons, and we want the exact same thing. 
  Mm, but I distinctly recall you telling me how much you love your screens, so hiring medical scribes isn't gonna solve your problem. 
  So what are you gonna give us? 
  Home visits. 
  Home visits? 
  To forge authentic connections with the people that you treat, you need to do far more than just set your screens aside. 
  You need total immersion in the lives of your patients. 
  Even if we wanted to do that, which we don't, our schedules would never allow for that. 
  I'm cancelling all pulmonology clinic appointments for the next month. 
  - That should free up some time. 
  - Wait, you can't do that. 
  I'm not doing it, Max is. 
  You talked to him about us? 
  Yes, and he agreed this is exactly what you need. 
  You and your colleagues are gonna start visiting your patients in their home, and you are really gonna get to know them. 
  Max suggested that you could start by learning their first names. 
  Eli. 
  Okay. 
  Now, I think I figured out what is wrong with you, and this is the treatment. 
  It looks big. 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, it is. 
  So look, I went over your landfill of symptoms a million times, and the only diagnosis I could come to was malnutrition. 
  Now, Eli, are you having trouble buying food? 
  My Social Security check pays most of my rent, but to cover the rest of it, I sell my food stamps, and eat fast food 'cause it's cheap. 
  Okay. 
  Well, look, you can't do that anymore. 
  I knew I was cutting corners, I didn't know I was hurting myself. 
  What about the shelter? 
  I mean, they offer three healthy meals a day. 
  I won't take food away from people who really need it! 
  You really need it. 
  I mean, your body is basically starving. 
  Have you heard of something called Meals for Seniors? 
  I mean, it is a great program that is designed to help with the nutritional needs of the elderly. 
  I've been on a waitlist since June. 
  Of 2016. 
  I don't understand. 
  Why can't you find a match? 
  Your sister needs an extremely particular blood product, and so far, no hospital within 6 hours has it on hand. 
  I'm so sorry, Justine. 
  If there's any other family members you wish to call, now would be the time. 
  Elandra's a Marine. 
  She did three tours in Afghanistan, and now a commute to work is going to kill her because you don't have blood? 
  You paged me? 
  Look, I know I'm stepping over Castro, but my patient needs all the help that she can get, and I'm not gonna let chain of command get in the way of saving her life. 
  Will you help? 
  Ella. 
  I have something for you. 
  I realized mine were a little old, so I thought maybe these new ones will make you feel more at home. 
  Vijay, I really appreciate what you're doing. 
  I just Your home? 
  You mean our home. 
  Yeah. 
  There's so much of your old life there, so much of everything, really, and I just There's no space for anyone else. 
  There's no space for me. 
  Oh, we will move Rohan's books. 
  It's not about the books. 
  I just Feel like I picture myself there, and I just with my OCD, and I know that you are just trying to be helpful, and that really means so much. 
  I just it's just not gonna work for me. 
  I I'm sorry I did not think of No, I'm sorry. 
  I You're being so great, and I You need to do what is best for the baby, and And for you. 
  I'll come by after my shift, and I'll pick up my things. 
  Where will you go? 
  I'll go stay with a friend till I figure it out. 
  Okay. 
  It's not cancer. 
  It's not some obscure infection. 
  Luna has an epidermoid cyst, a simple fold of tissue. 
  A small injection of steroids and she'll be fine. 
  That's great news. 
  Thank you. 
  But if I may, Dr. 
  Goodwin, today you let your parental fears override your medical judgment and mine. 
  What do you mean? 
  From now on, when Luna visits this office, I don't want her coming with Dr. 
  Goodwin. 
  I want Luna coming with her father. 
  Got it. 
  Okay. 
  For your discharge, my mountain-climbing friend. 
  - Here you go. 
  - Sweet, thank you. 
  So, listen, before you leave, if you don't mind, I have one more shrink thought for you. 
  What do you say about making a video for your parents? 
  What kind of video? 
  Well, when you leave, and you say good-bye, your parents aren't going to know that that's really good-bye, so why don't you give them that gift? 
  The real good-bye? 
  And then when I receive word that you've passed, I will make sure that they get it. 
  Yeah. 
  Seems like a good idea. 
  Great, okay. 
  I'm gonna set this up. 
  We'll get you off to Aconcagua in no time, my friend. 
  What should I say? 
  I mean, that's up to you, really, but try to remember that when your parents see this, they're gonna be dealing with the fact that you're gone. 
  All right? 
  So I don't know, maybe tell them how you want to be remembered. 
  Five most important memories. 
  Hi, Mom and Dad. 
  Hi. 
  When you see this, I'll be gone, and I thought you'd like to hear this message from me. 
  Anyway, here are my five most important memories. 
  Okay. 
  Here's one. 
  The day I got diagnosed with cancer. 
  We were driving home from the hospital, and you offered to get me ice cream. 
  And I was 15, and trying to be a tough guy or whatever, so I said no. 
  But later that night, you brought me some anyway. 
  Rocky Road. 
  And it had been years since I'd asked you to get me ice cream, but you remembered my favorite flavor, and that made me feel so good. 
  Number two. 
  Playing Toss the Trey when I was little. 
  Might be my first memory, actually. 
  Getting tossed up in the air, and not worrying if you were gonna catch me. 
  And And and Thanksgiving. 
  When I tried to eat Dad's stuffing after chemo, but I got sick, and I And you had to help clean me up. 
  And I hated it, but I remember having this thought of, "Jesus, what would I do if I didn't" "If I didn't have you?" Could you could you press stop, please? 
  You hired unbudgeted medical scribes? 
  You cancelled clinics? 
  You forged Max's signature? 
  Usually, I save my indignation for Max, but this time, you outdid even him. 
  Mm, it has been a busy day. 
  This isn't a game, Helen. 
  You're on a branch all by yourself, and if you don't want me to run you out of this hospital for good, you better start talking. 
  Do you mind walking a bit faster? 
  I do mind. 
  Did you learn nothing from your recent demotion? 
  What I learned is that sometimes we have to bend the rules in order to help our patients, and it certainly helps that I have no titles to stop me. 
  God, you sound just like him. 
  Good, because everything I did today, Max would have done too. 
  Patients are the most important part of this hospital, the center of everything that we do. 
  Believe it or not, emulating Max's reckless and irresponsible behavior is not gonna win you any points. 
  And where the hell are we even going? 
  Ma'am, inside this cooler, you'll find the synthetic blood that you requested. 
  What's going on? 
  Who are you? 
  When the Marines found out one of our own was down, we were determined to help. 
  Thank you, Colonel. 
  You were saying? 
  That blood will help Reynolds' patient? 
  - It will. 
  - Then go! 
  Your call is very important. 
  Please continue to hold, and the next available Meals for Seniors representative will assist you. 
  Meals for Seniors. 
  This is Linda. 
  Hi, Linda, this is Dr. 
  Lauren Bloom over at New Amsterdam. 
  I've got a patient who is on your waitlist. 
  I'm sorry, I know it's frustrating, but it can take years for a client to work their way to the top. 
  There's just too many hungry elders. 
  Right. 
  Well, look, how much would it cost to wipe out the waitlist? 
  Are you trying to bribe me? 
  No. 
  No. 
  I just wondered how much it would cost to service everyone who's been waiting? 
  That's a big number. 
  Try me. 
  Oh, Eli. 
  I called Meals for Seniors. 
  Turns out they had an opening after all. 
  Hey. 
  Hey! 
  Bobbi just wanted to make sure Luna was okay. 
  She is. 
  And Bobbi? 
  - She is. 
  - Good. 
  That's my number. 
  Oh, I'm not really The number's for Luna. 
  - For a playdate. 
  - Playdate? 
  Yeah, you know, babies on blankets, spilled Cheerios, toy battles. 
  Right. 
  Playdate, yep. 
  Heard of those. 
  Yeah, welcome to the next level of parenthood, Max. 
  You gave my sister experimental blood. 
  Synthetic blood. 
  It's used mainly for battlefield injuries. 
  Which isn't actually blood at all. 
  Scientists take hemoglobin, the molecule that carries oxygen, and they wrap it in a polymer coating. 
  Which means that your sister's body gets the oxygen that it needs, but won't reject the blood carrying it. 
  Elandra's responding well to the treatment. 
  She's gonna pull through. 
  I didn't know any of this was an option. 
  It wasn't. 
  But Dr. 
  Sharpe made it happen anyway. 
  Oh. 
  Thank you. 
  Floyd, you paged? 
  I don't know how I'm gonna say this, so I'm gonna just say it. 
  Okay. 
  So Evie took this new job in San Francisco, and it's everything she's ever wanted, but it means it's gonna be a lot of changes happening for us, and I just wanted to be straight up with you about my future here. 
  Well, I think that's amazing. 
  Yeah, I totally get it. 
  And look, we'll make whatever happens next as painless as possible. 
  - I appreciate that. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Thank you. 
  Sure. 
  It's crazy. 
  You and I have been linked since my very first day here. 
  You were my first hire. 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  - You know that? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  - Best decision I ever made. 
  Oh, thanks. 
  Look, just know that whatever you need from me, I got you. 
  I'm flattered, I really am, and I'm definitely gonna take you up on that. 
  Good. 
  I know how brutal long distance relationships can be. 
  Oh, no, no, I'm Just take a few weeks and help Evie move and get settled and Max, that's very generous, but that Yeah, well, good. 
  You deserve it. 
  We'll make it work, for both of you. 
  Right? 
  We got this. 
  All right? 
  'Cause teamwork makes the dream work! 
  Right, buddy? 
  How did you get him to change his mind? 
  I didn't. 
  I think Trey just realized that he can't finish his story without them. 
  Hey. 
  I want to show you something. 
  What about what your wife wanted? 
  This is what she would have wanted. 
  Rohan never came back home, but his child has. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  Luna's fine. 
  She's totally healthy. 
  Turns out I was the one who needed a little help. 
  Did you get it? 
  Yeah. 
  Think so. 
  Oh, and I heard my "no screens" idea went down without a hitch. 
  Indeed. 
  - Smooth as silk. 
  - Good. 
  Best ideas usually are. 
  Good night. 
  I'm kidding! 
  It was a joke. 
  It was a disaster. 
  I heard it was horrible. 
  I know. 
  I know everything that you did. 
  I know that my ideas only work because of you, and so, I just wanted to say No. 
  - No? 
  - No. 
  You were gonna thank me, right? 
  - I was. 
  - Good, no. 
  Because I'm gonna thank you. 
  Why? 
  I finally felt what you must feel every time you turn this hospital on its head, and it is quite the rush. 
  It is thrilling! 
  And I want more of it. 
  I want it every day. 
  But Max, I have been your safety net for so long that if I go down this road, I am gonna need you to start being mine. 
  How can I help? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 