Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - The Big Picture - New Amsterdam 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - The Big Picture https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=884&t=35014 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/06/19 06:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - The Big Picture 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "New Amsterdam"  
  Luna, say hi to your mom. 
  - Still no pulse. 
  - 18-gauge cardiac needle. 
  20cc syringe. 
  Now. 
  Told you I got you. 
  You could make me co-chair of your department, or you can find someone else to administer precision target therapy Max's precision target therapy. 
  Dr. Nottingham dropped me from the cardiac rotation. 
  Dr. Nottingham dropped you at my suggestion. 
  You made a mistake. 
  I'm the best intern up in here. 
  So good, these hands will be coming for your job one day. 
  Where where where's Georgia? 
  Excuse me. 
  Big day today. 
  Hey, I'm gonna need every department in the auditorium around noon sharp. 
  Some of us have what are those called, jobs? 
  Yeah, but this is all about your job. 
  So this about my thoracoabdominal repair in OR Six? 
  TouchÃ©, but this won't take long. 
  I promise you. 
  Don't look so worried. 
  Look, last time you asked me to the auditorium, you accused me of malpractice. 
  That was a bad day. 
  This is a big day. 
  Huge difference. 
  Sandra Fall from billing. 
  Max Goodwin from medicine. 
  I see what you did there. 
  Big day today. 
  You want every department in the auditorium at noon sharp. 
  Wow. 
  Good news travels fast. 
  That's one way to look at it. 
  I also have one teeny, tiny favor. 
  How good are you with PowerPoint? 
  Don't you have an assistant? 
  Oh, Dora crossed enemy lines into HCC. 
  Said she couldn't turn down a job with, you know, regular hours and a desk. 
  Wow. 
  Couldn't imagine. 
  So about that favor. 
  So, elephant in the room, the last time Max called everybody together, he fired the entire cardio department. 
  Who's it gonna be today? 
  Now that Helen is back, I think Max is announcing that he's taking time off. 
  Well, that's not very exciting. 
  Carrot? 
  - No. 
  - Okay. 
  Max hasn't taken time off to mourn Georgia's death. 
  Yeah, well, he's compartmentalizing. 
  You know, one of the healthiest ways to navigate loss is to just give yourself some time. 
  He needs to grieve. 
  Vijay, you can't make Max grieve. 
  You're not tired of Max acting like nothing has happened? 
  Yeah, all right, so hey, everybody, go ahead and sit or stand or whatever feels good. 
  Dr. Sharpe in the house. 
  Thank you for coming. 
  So We are all here to discuss the single most important study of the last decade. 
  And I love your enthusiasm, but pretty sure I am about to answer your question. 
  With yep no, with the next slide, which would be uh, sorry, just There we go. 
  Yes. 
  This study impacts housing, education, representation, and especially health care. 
  I think you all know what I'm talking about. 
  I'm talking about the U. S. Census. 
  Really? 
  Nothing? 
  Nothing for the Census - Whoo! 
  - One guy. 
  - Yeah. 
  - Thank you, Dr. 
  Frome. 
  Appreciate it. 
  So how about this? 
  What if I told you that your zip code plays a factor in how long you live? 
  It's crazy, right? 
  No? 
  Yeah? 
  It's okay this next visual is gonna answer your question. 
  Hit it. 
  Boom. 
  In Washington, D. C. , people living in the Barry Farms neighborhood have a life expectancy of 63. 2 years. 
  But just ten miles away, ten miles, there we go, right there, people living in Friendship Heights might live as long as 96 years, right? 
  Does that no? 
  Does that not blow your mind? 
  Just ten miles represents a life expectancy difference of almost 33 years. 
  Yeah. 
  What does this have to do with New Amsterdam? 
  That's a very good question, and I was just about to get to that. 
  These zip codes are just a shorthand for communities, and with over 5,000 employees, New Amsterdam is also a community. 
  Yes, well done. 
  But here's the problem. 
  I don't know the first thing about so many of you, and I should. 
  I want to. 
  I want to know everything, because I'm willing to bet that if I can improve your quality of life, then our patients will get better care. 
  Because how can you take care of others if you're not taking care of yourself? 
  Are we all getting raises? 
  Yeah, I wish, but no. 
  Are we getting paid vacation time? 
  No. 
  We're broke. 
  But I do have a little something for you. 
  If you look under your seat, you will find drumroll, please That's you, Sandra. 
  Yeah, do it. 
  You got it. 
  Yes, that's a drumroll. 
  Yes, the New Amsterdam census. 
  - Yeah, okay. 
  - Whoo! 
  Thank you again, Dr. 
  Frome. 
  One guy. 
  So go ahead and fill this form out, and then you can go back to work, and I will get to work learning more about you because I just want to know How can I help? 
  Oh, God. 
  Why does this hurt so much? 
  Probably because you're doing it wrong. 
  You're forgetting to extend from the knee. 
  You know what? 
  I know a great place I could extend my knee into. 
  I'd actually love to see that, because at this rate, you'll be walking without a cane in approximately 200 million years. 
  Dr. 
  Ligon you should know that I have always found you to be insufferable. 
  - Mm. 
  - Christmas parties, staff meetings, and now I can confidently say that same quality transfers seamlessly to your PT sessions. 
  And I've seen 80-year-old stroke victims improve their range of motion faster than you. 
  You know what? 
  You try recovering from a fractured tibia with zero pain meds. 
  Yeah, I wish I could offer you something besides modern medicine, but I'm, you know, just a doctor. 
  Actually hold on. 
  What? 
  I do have one thing that might help you take your mind off the pain. 
  Seriously? 
  Huh? 
  Meep-meep. 
  But I want it back. 
  So don't go getting addicted to it. 
  As the new co-chair of oncology, I'm happy to announce that every oncology patient at New Amsterdam will be eligible for precision targeted therapy. 
  If the DNA sequence of your tumor is a match for the available treatment. 
  And all I have to do is sign this release? 
  And we'll sequence the biopsy we already have on record. 
  Which will help us determine where the defective DNA is. 
  So you're saying my stomach cancer may not really be stomach cancer? 
  Well, stomach cancer just tells us where the cancer is, not necessarily the kind of cancer. 
  Like a license plate tells you what state you live in but the numbers are specific to every car. 
  You lost me, like, ten minutes ago. 
  Targeted therapy is exactly like it sounds. 
  It works by targeting the cancer's genes, proteins, and enzymes, leaving the healthy cells alone. 
  So all the side effects from radiation and chemo - Gone. 
  - Diminished considerably. 
  So what's the downside? 
  - Well - There isn't a downside to being tested, and if you fall in the 5% who qualify for treatment 5%? 
  5%? 
  5%? 
  But it means significantly less chemotherapy. 
  Imagine coming in for two pills instead of two hours. 
  I'd miss my Dr. 
  Sharpe time, though. 
  It also means no more radiation. 
  It means full remission. 
  Well, sign me up. 
  You had me at less chemo. 
  See? 
  We make a great team. 
  Manny Talis, 44-year-old school bus driver with right-sided chest pain. 
  Heart rate 94. 
  BP 135 over 80 with resps of 14. 
  Normal EKG. 
  But when we went to put on the EKG leads, we found this rash. 
  Ooh, okay, get him to curtains. 
  Okay, Mr. Talis, good news. 
  I don't think you're having a heart attack. 
  I think the pain is caused by the rash on your chest. 
  It's called shingles, and it is a reactivation of the virus that causes chicken pox. 
  Is there anything you can do for the pain? 
  Mm, ibuprofen. 
  That's it? 
  Oh, well, you could try this. 
  Maybe you'll find it more useful than I did. 
  I'll tell you what. 
  I'll trade you. 
  One of the kids left this on the bus. 
  Ooh. 
  You're on. 
  Okay. 
  Well, I am gonna get cardiology to sign off, and if they do, then you can recuperate at home. 
  All right, thank you, Doctor. 
  You're calling the appropriate department instead of doing it all yourself? 
  Who is this Dr. 
  Protocol, and what have you done to Dr. 
  Bloom? 
  Look at me evolving. 
  Just page Reynolds when he's out of surgery, okay? 
  All right. 
  I use a clamshell incision. 
  This incision reveals the pulmonary anatomy in a spectacular fashion. 
  You see that? 
  Now, Duke, why don't you come on over and take a better look? 
  Come on. 
  - See that tissue right there? 
  - Mm-hmm. 
  Go ahead and throw in a couple of stitches. 
  Let's see what you got. 
  No harm in admitting you're not ready. 
  No, I'm ready. 
  All right, well I hope you sew more confidently than you sound. 
  Dr. Reynolds. 
  Duke, you got about four seconds till my patient goes south. 
  Mm. 
  Lower chance of dehiscence. 
  Damn, Duke. 
  It's like a sewing machine. 
  I want everyone to observe Duke's forward sutures. 
  See that? 
  That's excellent. 
  They might not get it now, but as soon as people see that this can improve their quality of life here at New Amsterdam, then I think - they're really gonna warm to it. 
  - Well, this person just drew a hand flipping you the bird. 
  There he is. 
  I gotta say, boss, nice work. 
  A New Amsterdam census, that is just brilliant. 
  Thank you. 
  Finally someone who gets it. 
  Except there is one community in this hospital that can't fill out your census. 
  Why's that? 
  Well, because they're not allowed to use pens or pencils in an unsupervised setting. 
  - You mean inmates? 
  - Yes, exactly. 
  Celery? 
  But they're patients. 
  So what does that have to do with the census? 
  Well, if these patients could fill out your census with something that wasn't considered to be a weapon, I bet they would say they're lacking in educational opportunities. 
  Really? 
  Is that what they would say? 
  Yes, they would, because studies show that education vastly reduces recidivism among inmate populations. 
  We have classrooms. 
  We have inmates. 
  Why are we not helping? 
  Very good idea. 
  Put it together. 
  Good, 'cause I already have. 
  We're not done with the preadolescent process group. 
  Where do I put the kids? 
  You can't have kids in here with these guys. 
  - Are you nuts? 
  - Why are the kids - running late? 
  - Iggy, what's the plan? 
  Kids, hi, kids. 
  Hi, guys, come on out. 
  Everybody down to the end of the hall. 
  - I'm calling the warden. 
  - No, no, no need. 
  - Yes. 
  - No. 
  - Let's go. 
  - Just a stutter step, boss. 
  Guys, my kids, everyone scoot down. 
  Nobody talk to the new adults. 
  Nobody look at the new adults. 
  Just maybe help me beat this door down, okay? 
  - Come here. 
  Gladys! 
  - I'm here. 
  Hi. 
  Do we have the key for this door? 
  Uh, let me check. 
  Your census will literally be the death of us. 
  Hello! 
  A little help, please. 
  Do you really still need me here for this? 
  Come on. 
  This is exciting, right? 
  I never thought I'd say this, but please let me go back to billing. 
  All right, just hit me with another one. 
  Question 17: 32% of employees said they pull double shifts more than twice a week. 
  - Max. 
  - See? 
  We can't have that. 
  Let's put that under overworked. 
  No, you know what? 
  Mismanagement. 
  Vijay, take a look at this. 
  300 employees say that they get less than two meals per week with their families. 
  That's unacceptable. 
  Max. 
  I think you should talk to someone. 
  That's a great idea. 
  Research shows that eating family meals together, like Luna and I are doing right now, can result in lower obesity rates and kids staying off drugs and alcohol, not to mention lower instances of depression. 
  So you're all here because, based on the census, you're eating virtually no meals with your families. 
  Tell me why. 
  Anyone? 
  Just shout it out. 
  Anybody? 
  Come on, who has time to cook after a 12-hour day? 
  Long hours. 
  Got it. 
  Keep them coming. 
  Hey, my family lives all the way in Albuquerque. 
  Family too far. 
  Copy that. 
  By the time I get home, my kids have finished eating. 
  Does fast food count? 
  Really, Miguel? 
  When you put patients first, you put yourself second or third. 
  So you gonna send us home early? 
  Yeah, I can't do that. 
  Are you sending us home with food? 
  Currently, I have zero budget for this. 
  So what are you gonna do? 
  No idea whatsoever, but I know. 
  I know. 
  I'm working on it. 
  So is Luna, so yeah. 
  We're gonna figure it out. 
  BMI is 24. 
  Dead in the middle. 
  All right, suction. 
  - Clamp. 
  - Dr. 
  Reynolds, Dr. 
  Bloom is still waiting on that shingles eval. 
  Think you can handle that, Duke? 
  Yeah. 
  For sure. 
  What are the four things to do when diagnosing for thoracic varicella infection? 
  One, measure the rash and outline it with a Sharpie. 
  Uh-huh. 
  Two, check for respiratory function, making sure the lungs are clear. 
  Suture. 
  Three, examine the mouth for signs of oral lesions. 
  And four, check the ear for vesicle on the tympanic membrane. 
  Well, go do it. 
  Clamp. 
  - Duke. 
  - Hmm? 
  Take off our gown. 
  What happened to your fidget spinner? 
  It stopped spinning after I threw it against a wall. 
  So now you have a rubber band? 
  Every time I feel the crushing pain in my leg, I snap the rubber band to refocus on the lesser pain in my wrist. 
  Is it working? 
  Can't you tell by my chipper attitude? 
  I've been meaning to ask. 
  If you're off everything, how are you managing your ADHD? 
  There, my friend, is the silver lining in all of this. 
  It turns out that pain is a great focuser. 
  Now I actually want a distraction. 
  Dr. Bloom? 
  Dr. Reynolds sent me to check on a shingles patient. 
  Mr. Talis. 
  Right there. 
  Thank you. 
  He must really like you. 
  Send you down here solo. 
  I can't tell if he likes me or is punishing me. 
  Yeah. 
  Get used to it. 
  I think we got it all surrounded. 
  Yeah, looks like it. 
  A few deep breaths. 
  Oh, yeah. 
  Sounds good. 
  Now open wide. 
  Mm-hmm. 
  You can't keep me here! 
  I know my rights! 
  - Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am. 
  - I'm calling my lawyer. 
  Could you at least keep the robe on, please? 
  - Don't tell me what to do. 
  - Just come over to your bed, and you can go ahead and make that phone call, okay? 
  Hey, Doc, we done here? 
  Yeah, I think we're good. 
  I'll get you discharged. 
  You people don't know anything about health care. 
  Heard it all before. 
  - Dr. Frome. 
  - Warden Salazar, hello. 
  Hi. 
  I assure you that I purchased all of these lawfully. 
  - All of these what, exactly? 
  - The classics. 
  The stuff that I'm gonna be teaching in class today. 
  I approved this experiment but not your syllabus. 
  I wasn't aware that I had to submit a syllabus. 
  "Autobiography of Malcolm X"? 
  Yeah, it's a searing portrait of race in America. 
  "Catch-22"? 
  Absurdist anti-war commentary. 
  "The Catcher in the Rye. 
  " This is censorship. 
  You are taking away their rights. 
  That's what happens when you go to jail. 
  Oh, okay. 
  Then what am I supposed to teach? 
  Teach them whatever you want. 
  Just don't give them any ideas. 
  Sounds reasonable. 
  Good luck. 
  Have fun. 
  Hey, you paged? 
  Yeah, I've got some new budget recs for you to sign. 
  Good. 
  I've been waiting for these, seeing as how you decided to split your department with Dr. 
  Castro. 
  - She's great, isn't she? 
  - She is, which still doesn't explain why you gave her half your department. 
  Uh-oh, my chemo brain's got me hallucinating 'cause I think I see Max. 
  You look amazing. 
  - Did you get taller? 
  - Whoa, he totally got taller. 
  I don't know about that, but you guys look great too. 
  How are you worse at lying than you are at euchre? 
  But I'm gonna look great after I get my new precision target treatment. 
  Yes, we're all getting tested to see if we're eligible. 
  Yeah, we want the good stuff. 
  I just want you to remember the odds. 
  Max is one of the lucky ones. 
  With the treatment. 
  It's good seeing you guys. 
  Yeah, you too. 
  Max, Max, I think what you are doing is really admirable. 
  - Is there a but coming? 
  - No, no, no, no. 
  You are asking an essential question. 
  How can we take care of our patients if we are not taking care of ourselves? 
  - Yeah, exactly. 
  - But Ah, okay, I see what you did there. 
  You buried the but. 
  But there is one employee you are ignoring who needs help even though they are not asking for help. 
  Okay, thank you. 
  Who? 
  You. 
  Max. 
  Here you go. 
  Latte for you and one for you. 
  I'll take that. 
  This one goes to you. 
  You're gonna pay for this, right? 
  Yes, I am. 
  See, the reason that you're all here is, on the census, you answered that you each get less than five hours of sleep per night. 
  We need more sleep. 
  Can we go back to work? 
  Yeah, well, the thing is, sleep deprivation is no joke, okay? 
  It can lead to high blood pressure, diabetes, weight gain, weakened immune system, not to mention memory loss and increased errors at work. 
  So you're caffeinating us? 
  Actually, stimulants like that mochaccino can't begin to replace what you lose from a lack of sleep. 
  The mochaccinos were really just a bribe to get you here so I could ask you why you aren't getting enough sleep. 
  So why aren't you? 
  Well, I have to get up super early to make it to my shift on time. 
  Yeah, I want to sleep more, but I got real-life responsibilities, you know? 
  I always think I can nap during my commute - but too many transfers. 
  - Too many transfers. 
  - Right. 
  - Mm. 
  So, like, do you have any support to fix this? 
  No, no support. 
  Just me. 
  But don't worry, because I am all over this. 
  And if you any additional questions or comments, please take them up with Dr. 
  Kapoor. 
  Blood pressure looks good. 
  Lap pad. 
  How'd it go? 
  Rash outlined. 
  Lungs and oropharynx clear. 
  What about the tympanic membrane? 
  Eardrum. 
  Yes, clear. 
  I think. 
  - You think? 
  - It was. 
  Good. 
  Well, come on over. 
  Show us some more of that all-star suturing. 
  Dr. Duke? 
  We're waiting. 
  Okay, so of the approved books For this class, I have I have "Aladdin. " - Whoo! 
  - Okay, yeah. 
  Yeah, yeah, good movie. 
  Fun movie. 
  Kids' movie, really. 
  Um any dads in the house? 
  Where my dads at? 
  Yo, what's "Aladdin" gonna teach us about anything? 
  Well, you see, I Aladdin didn't he didn't start out as a prince, right? 
  That's not where it began for him, but he did have some skills. 
  He was a hustler. 
  Yeah. 
  Yes, thank you, Bijan. 
  Yeah. 
  And the book isn't called "Aladdin. 
  " It's "1,001 Arabian Nights. 
  " Yeah, no, correct again. 
  Thank you. 
  Good for you. 
  You're right, though. 
  Aladdin was a hustler and a thief. 
  But he figured out how to use those things and turned them into a benefit for his life. 
  - Aladdin goes legit. 
  - Yes! 
  Yeah, laugh it up. 
  He's right. 
  Wonderfully stated. 
  Yes, he goes legit. 
  Aladdin turns his perceived weaknesses into an advantage. 
  Right? 
  Do you understand that? 
  So whatever you did, whatever it was to get into Rikers can be used as a legitimate skill set when you get out. 
  My boy Luis can use his hot-wire expertise to help humanity. 
  Come on, man. 
  Well, no, hang on, now. 
  Luis, tell me something. 
  Is it easy to hot-wire a car? 
  - Like, could anybody do it? 
  - No, bro. 
  I mean, if you're not careful, you could shock the hell out yourself. 
  But not me, though, 'cause, you know, I got the touch. 
  I bet you do. 
  So maybe I'm looking at a future electrician here. 
  Yo, you mean like I'd be working for the city. 
  - Sure. 
  - Like, I could be getting paid that union money. 
  - Why not? 
  - Yeah! 
  There you go. 
  Why not? 
  Why not? 
  Why not? 
 
 
 
  Yes, okay. 
  Who else? 
  Who else do I got? 
  Yeah, go. 
  I got caught moving product. 
  So I imagine in your line of work, a lot of people sell product, right? 
  So what did you do to distinguish yourself? 
  Hmm, I never came up short. 
  My suppliers always trusted me with the good stuff. 
  Great. 
  That's great. 
  So it sounds like you could move any expensive product, right? 
  You could be a high-end car salesman. 
  Yo, I'm done with this fool. 
  Yo, yo! 
  No, no, no, wait, wait! 
  - All right, okay. 
  - Out, out! 
  Let's go! 
  Up! 
  Everybody up! 
  Up! 
  Class is over! 
  I don't think that's sanitary. 
  Yeah, well, it's chew this gum or punch someone in the face. 
  Are those really your only two options? 
  Dr. 
  Bloom. 
  Reynolds give you another assignment? 
  Actually, I was here to see Mr. 
  Talis. 
  Discharged. 
  Why? 
  Just wanted to see just wanted to say bye. 
  - He's a nice man. 
  - Yes, he is. 
  - Okay. 
  - Thank you. 
  I shouldn't have said that. 
  Said what? 
  That you were lucky. 
  After everything that you've been through. 
  Yeah, but I am lucky. 
  I'm in the 5%. 
  That's not what I meant. 
  And you know that. 
  You can talk to me. 
  You've always talked to me. 
  Stop. 
  It's hard to know what to say. 
  I don't want you to say anything. 
  It actually makes it worse when people say something, so just, please Don't. 
  Getting off here? 
  - No. 
  - No? 
  What the hell happened? 
  Started seizing in the subway. 
  Finger stick glucose 120. 
  Okay, get him to Trauma One and push two milligrams Ativan. 
  Got it. 
  Ativan on board. 
  BP 108 over 60. 
  He stopped seizing. 
  Stabilized. 
  Sat 94%. 
  Airway clear. 
  No tongue bite. 
  He has a vesicle on his tympanic membrane. 
  The shingles advanced to Ramsay Hunt syndrome. 
  He has a herpetic infection throughout his whole body. 
  How did we miss that? 
  Get Reynolds down here now. 
  So when I finished going through the census data, I discovered that 81 people chose not to fill it out, 17 people defaced the census with decidedly colorful language, and one person simply wrote, "I am not your blanking assistant. " So by using the process of elimination, here we are. 
  So, what, we didn't take a census and now we're in trouble? 
  No, no, nobody's in trouble. 
  I just want to know why 60 questions made y'all so angry. 
  Because I have too much work to answer 60 questions, and I have too much work to be here right now explaining why I don't have time to be here. 
  Okay, makes sense. 
  Anybody else? 
  If I don't have time to go to my kids' PTA meetings, I don't have time to take an unofficial survey so my boss can get to know me. 
  - That's fair. 
  - Yeah. 
  Technically, I don't even work for you. 
  I work for the city. 
  You always call me Sandra Fall from billing, so you know what my job is, yet you spent all day making me do someone else's job too. 
  I don't have time for that, Max. 
  None of us have time. 
  So it's time. 
  For what? 
  No, no, no, the common thread between everyone. 
  All the inefficiencies and the, you know, complaints and the dissatisfaction, it's all it's all because of time. 
  So how are you gonna fix time? 
  - Ramsay Hunt syndrome. 
  - Okay, hey, hey, hang on. 
  Disseminated herpetic infection. 
  It could not be clearer, yet somehow it was missed by your department. 
  Okay, let's walk back the accusations. 
  You are lucky Mr. 
  Talis didn't seize while driving a school bus full of kids. 
  I gave Dr. 
  Duke the checklist, right? 
  - And he said he checked it. 
  - Well, he couldn't have. 
  Otherwise, we wouldn't be here right now. 
  Mr. 
  Talis wouldn't be here. 
  Duke? 
  Yes, I went through the checklist. 
  - Did you look in his ear? 
  - He said he looked. 
  He has a vesicle on his eardrum. 
  If he'd actually bothered to look, he would've seen it too. 
  It must not have been there at the time. 
  There is no way it grew in two hours. 
  Okay, if Dr. 
  Duke said he looked, - then he looked. 
  - Or he's lying. 
  Back off! 
  All right, this is my intern you're accusing. 
  If there's any blame to be dished out, I'll do the dishing. 
  Clean up your house, Floyd. 
  - I have the results. 
  - And? 
  17 of our patients qualify. 
  Oh, my God. 
  That's amazing. 
  I'll notify the insurance companies, some of whom probably haven't even had a claim like this. 
  Wait, there's no one from the euchre group. 
  Willow Yun, Millie Tamberlay, Mike Kiggens. 
  No, none of them were eligible. 
  Why are they called the euchre group? 
  They used to play when there were four of them. 
  And then Max got better, and they they stopped. 
  You're close to them. 
  Then they should hear it from you that they didn't qualify. 
  Of course. 
  I'll notify the ones who did. 
  See? 
  What'd I tell you? 
  That we make a great team. 
  Yeah. 
  Now, why in the world did I think it was called "Aladdin"? 
  Nobody reads the book if there's a movie. 
  That is the sad truth, isn't it? 
  Listen, I don't feel like we had a chance to finish earlier. 
  You're wasting your time. 
  I don't think I am. 
  Know why I'm here? 
  In the hospital? 
  I don't. 
  I swallowed a fork for just a couple days out of Rikers. 
  A fork. 
  'Cause recovering from surgery is my idea of a vacation. 
  Bijan, we all have something to offer. 
  Nah. 
  That's what you say to give yourself hope. 
  Okay. 
  Well, then prove me wrong. 
  How I'ma do that? 
  When you get out, you're gonna have an opportunity You even read my file? 
  - When you get out - Yo, I'm never getting out. 
  I'm in for life. 
  Not one but two life sentences for a crime I did commit. 
  Now tell me again I have something to offer. 
  I just wanted to tell you how hard I been practicing my stitching. 
  It's gonna be even better than before. 
  Lie again, you're gone for good. 
  I forgot to check the ear. 
  And you had the nerve to lie to me about it. 
  At first, I couldn't remember, but when I realized my mistake, I tried to go back and fix it, but the patient was already gone. 
  Why didn't you come to me? 
  I panicked. 
  And then I thought since all the other diagnoses were negative that the ear would be too. 
  How'd that work out for you? 
  I just wanted to impress you. 
  Well, you didn't. 
  Maybe I shouldn't even be here. 
  Hey, don't play the sympathy card. 
  Because you deserve to be here. 
  Those skills you exhibited in that OR are rare. 
  You have a gift. 
  But you're an intern, and you're gonna make mistakes. 
  Next time, own them. 
  Wait, you're not you're not gonna report me? 
  I gave you too much responsibility, and you weren't ready. 
  That's on me. 
  And Dr. 
  Bloom? 
  A mistake like this could derail your whole career. 
  This stays between us. 
  Thank you, Dr. Reynolds. 
  Max. 
  Dr. Sharpe said I could find you here if I can't find you anywhere else. 
  How can I help? 
  You know the one thing on the census that everyone has in common? 
  Not enough time. 
  You know, when I when I lost my wife I was destroyed, like parts of me shattered. 
  So I I started cooking. 
  Her recipes. 
  All the meals she ever cooked for me. 
  The taste brought back memories. 
  Memories brought back her. 
  40 years of marriage, and I'm still cooking her meals. 
  You know, every culture offers you guidance on how to grieve. 
  Some people build shrines. 
  Some tear their clothes. 
  Some even dance in the streets. 
  Everybody does something, and and you have not done anything, and I'm I'm worried. 
  You don't think I want to grieve? 
  You don't think I want to scream every time I walk into this hospital? 
  Then I see Luna, and I to change her diaper. 
  I have to make her bottle. 
  So if I let myself grieve you know, truly give in, then I won't ever come out. 
  And I'm all she has left. 
  Don't overextend. 
  Find your balance. 
  It hurts. 
  Watching you push through this difficult process is how else to put it an inspiration. 
  Do you know what? 
  I have tried everything to get my mind off the pain your stupid squishy ball, fidget spinners, rubber bands, gum and nothing works. 
  Not even the gum? 
  Well, that's a huge step back for medicine. 
  Hey, you know what? 
  Instead of standing there grinning like an idiot and casually insulting my limp, why don't you do something that actually helps? 
  Range of motion is suddenly improving. 
  - Shut up. 
  - Mm. 
  Nurse Chatwell, pick up 1317. 
  Nurse Chatwell, please pick up 1317. 
  Hey, I'm sorry. 
  I overreacted earlier. 
  It's just my leg makes my short fuse even shorter, which is really, really short. 
  And I took it out on your intern. 
  It won't happen again. 
  Appreciate it. 
  You seem better. 
  Yeah? 
  I think I found something that helps. 
  I hate disappointing you like this. 
  You said it was a long shot. 
  I know. 
  But I gave you hope. 
  Eh, negative thinkers are always right or pleasantly surprised. 
  I knew it wasn't gonna be me. 
  It was fun to imagine. 
  But chemo is working. 
  I can't complain. 
  Dr. Sharpe, I think you're the only one that got their hopes up. 
  Do you still have a deck of cards? 
  Always. 
  But you need four to play euchre. 
  Well, deal me in. 
  Have you ever played? 
  Oh, I'm kind of sharp. 
  Hi, hey, excuse me. 
  Hi, sorry. 
  Hi, sorry. 
  Can I have one minute with him? 
  - One minute. 
  - That's all I need. 
  Bijan, may I? 
  Can't you just leave me alone? 
  I'm a Scorpio: incredibly stubborn, loves teasing. 
  Anyway, I've been thinking a lot about what happened, and no matter what you did, no matter how bad it was you're so smart. 
  You don't know what I did. 
  You are not your crime. 
  That doesn't make up who you are. 
  You are smart. 
  You read "1,001 Arabian Nights. " Those inmates in there, they listen to you. 
  They respect you. 
  So what? 
  What good is that where I'm going? 
  Well, I contacted a program manager at Rikers, and I gave him your name. 
  Nah, I'm done with those programs. 
  I don't want to take more classes. 
  No, no, no, you're not you're not gonna take the classes. 
  You're gonna learn to teach them. 
  Yeah, so many guys in there, they don't know how to read. 
  They're done with programs too. 
  They hate that stuff, but if it was coming from you You want me to teach? 
  Yeah. 
  So that your life, what you have to offer, which is a lot, can reverberate well outside the walls of any prison. 
  What's going on? 
  What are you thinking? 
  No one ever told me I was smart. 
  All right, come on. 
  Let's go. 
  Excuse me. 
  I'm looking for my bus driver. 
  Bus driver's in 4223. 
  Thanks. 
  That's it. 
  I did it. 
  I solved time. 
  And how did you do that? 
  - With a bus. 
  - A bus? 
  Yeah. 
  Well, buses, to be exact. 
  But for the same cost of public transportation, our employees can pool their money, charter a bus to New Amsterdam from stations in their own neighborhoods. 
  So many of our employees have a two-hour commute each way, and it's because they're waiting for transfers, dealing with delays. 
  Now it becomes a one-hour commute because it's direct. 
  With two extra hours in their day, our employees can get more sleep, either at home or on a bus that doesn't have a bunch of stops and transfers keeping them awake. 
  With two extra hours, our employees can make it home in time to eat dinner with their families. 
  They'll have time to go grocery shopping, time to cook, time to relax with the people that they're working so hard for. 
  With two extra hours, they'll have time for self-care, time to exercise, read. 
  So when they get here, they'll be focused, alert, and ready to help those who need it the most: our patients. 
  You solved time with a bus. 
  I guess I did. 
  He walks like Max. 
  He talks like Max. 
  - But - I know. 
  He isn't grieving, Vijay. 
  I thought the same. 
  But we are wrong. 
  Max is grieving in his own way, whether he knows it or not. 
  Hey. 
  Hey, sweetie, how was your day? 
  Hi. 
  Oh! 
  Hi. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 