Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - HBTU - Eye Candy 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - HBTU https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=131&t=16300 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/27/15 09:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - HBTU 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Eye Candy"... 
 It is not your fault, what happened to Ben. 
 If any of the creeps that I dated killed Ben, I'm going to find out. 
 Eye Candy? The name's Reese. 
 Jake, this is my room mate Sophia. 
 I'm working with the Cyber Crimes Unit to catch the killer. 
 I have no idea what she'll do from one moment to the next. 
 She's completely unreliable. 
 How did you know where I live? 
 Well, maybe I could, uh, cook you dinner? 
 Who just shows up with groceries? 
 Is there a serial killer in my house right now? 
 Where's Reese? 
 Disappeared. 
 (Grunting) 
 Reese isn't the killer. 
 What do you want? 
 He's his latest victim. Reese Hennessey? It's the NYPD. (Light switch clicking) (Glass crunching) What the hell is this? Tommy? (Gasping) (Whimpering) (Groaning) (Screaming) What do you think? I don't know. What am I supposed to think? Pulling out someone's teeth sure isn't a great character trait. He feels powerful, arrogant, but sometimes it's not about power. Sometimes it's about the desire to be understood. By who... me? Look, Reese gave me the creeps. He did, but he doesn't deserve to die this way. It's my fault. No, it isn't. He targeted Reese and now he's bragging about it because of me. That was the crime scene tech. The teeth we found aren't Reese's. They belong to a woman. So Reese could still be alive? Yes. We need to find him. Time is running out. Lindy, the NYPD is out, looking for any sign of him right now. A sign? What kind of sign? Find out who those teeth belong to now. Got it. New York's got a big database of open homicides, but a victim with all her teeth pulled is what you call a very distinct search criteria. Wow, there are so many of them. We got a match. Jane Doe... missing teeth, couldn't ID her. Body was sent to Hart Island. Hart Island? New York's Potter's field. It's where all unclaimed bodies are sent. Here's her autopsy report now. I know her. It's Julia Becker. Julia's mother contacted me because she said the police weren't doing anything to find her after she reported it. Then why is there no missing persons report on file? They're out there, waiting to be seduced... billions of thirsty minds, craving hydration, aching for you to give it to them. That's an extraordinary power, a delicious responsibility. Now, when I look at our recent page view numbers, I just feel so disheartened. "Nine Pet Vines that Will Blow Your Mind." Which of you wrote that post? Did it blow your mind, writing that story? What's gonna make it impossible for me not to click on it? Uh, at the time, I thought it was fun. It's predictable. We can't afford to do that here. Give me more. Do you mean, like, right now? Well, if that's all you've got, I wouldn't be too optimistic about your future here at Reconnoiter. I'm working on something. I promise. Let's hope so. Only promise what you can deliver. (Phones ringing and chatter) Look, this isn't gonna be easy. I know. You sure about that? (Knocking) Susan? Hi, I'm Lindy Sampson. I run the Never Forgotten Group website. We spoke about your daughter Julia. Yes, of course. Come in. Is there new information? Ms. Becker, I'm detective Calligan with the NYPD. When was the last time you heard from your daughter? I told the police when I filled out the report. Not for weeks. You did fill out a report? Yes, of course. I thought that's why you were here. Will one of you please tell me what's going on? Ms. Becker, I'm so sorry. (Gasping) No. (Sobbing) ♪ Photographs of one you'll forget ♪ (Screaming) ♪ Carried off one last cigarette ♪ ♪ Drink it down 'til there's nothing left ♪ ♪ In my head ♪ ♪ In my head ♪ Hey, thought you'd like a snack. It's a croissant. It's French for doughnut. Thanks. That's American for "thanks." Anytime, detective. Look at you. If only we could meet properly. I have so much I want to show you, so much to say. Would you listen? Would you care? It's time to know who you are, Lindy. Decide if I've found the one. (Door closes) Sophia? You're home! So, how do you feel about protective detail? I mean, I'm sure he's got great abs, but do great abs save lives? Please don't sleep with him. Oh, sleeping was the last thing on my mind. You said, no more cops. You have a good point, seeing as he might be the only thing  standing between us and tueur en série. Serial killer? Mm, it's easier for me to emotionally process when we don't use such crude words. So, I was thinking, how about we just jump on a plane and be there? You know, get out of town. Sophia. I know... I'm supposed to feel better because the NYPD is protecting us, but... Sophia. All I'm asking is, we have a plan, right? The NYPD is on it, the cyber crimes unit is on it, and I'm on it. We're gonna catch him. And until then, we keep living our lives. We're not not having a life because of this freak. Okay. Okay. Tomorrow, you and I... just the two of us... fat Friday. Come on, it's been forever. You can grab the Peking duck world and kung pao from Floyd's, and I will get the bacon maple ice cream from Industria. That actually sounds really good. Damn right it does. Any updates on Reese? No. What have we got? The photograph and envelope came back clean. No fingerprints. The only parts he kept from Lindy's original photo are Lindy and Sara's faces, and once we remove those, we're left with pieces of four other separate photographs. These look like pieces of crime scene photos. Search our database of open homicides. But the faces are Sara's and mine. Traditional photo recognition won't work. But there's another program that uses a special algorithm to extrapolate the pixels in each part of a photograph. It could work. Try it. May I have a word? Yeah. Why did you choose this picture for the home page of your computer? It's the last one taken of us together. Was there anything significant about that day? Not exactly. Lindy, whatever he wants to tell you by sending you this picture could help us find Reese. In the original picture, your sister's wearing a bracelet, but in the replica, she's not. Why? I didn't think anyone noticed. I did. It was, um... it was Sara's birthday. I mean, once before she disappeared. I gave it to her as a present, and she loved it. Things had been rough after my mom died and it was nice to see her smile again. A few days later, she lost it. I got really angry and I yelled at her and I don't... I don't really understand why. But, um, I left for college and we didn't talk until after that. It was... it was never the same. Who else knows this story? No one. Maybe my dad. Have you told him about any of this? We're not close. I want you to know that if you were my child, I'd tell you to leave the state. Well, I'm not your child. True. But, Lindy, we know he's killed four people, maybe more. I asked you to consult on this case, but I... No, no, no... he picked me. I don't get to pick to leave. Not until we catch him. All right. But I want you to stay away from Jake Bolin. I haven't heard from him since our date. Keep it that way. Now that Reese has been kidnapped, Jake's still a suspect. But he hasn't done anything suspicious. I mean, the spyware on his phone has tracked his every move, and we've been tailing him 24/7. That's why I still like him for this. Whoever this killer is knows we're watching. There must be something else we can do to find Reese. Very capable detectives from missing persons are out, looking for him. We're doing all we can. (Knocking on door) It worked. Three of the four component parts in Lenny's photograph match with an open homicide. Take a look. You didn't find a match for the background? No. It's not an accident that he changed the background. None of this is an accident. Tell us about the victims. Michael Kelly. The homicide is listed as a mob execution. He was shot, fingers cut off. Miranda McKenna was strangled. Breasts were removed. Her boyfriend had a history of abuse. Homicide has also got a case against him. And Anthony Morgan... stabbing. Defensive wounds showed that he put up a fight. Maybe that's why whoever robbed him gouged out his eyes after they took his wallet. So, what's the connection? They've all been mutilated. Other than that, homicide reports list different motives, different suspects for each case. Guess what? They're all on Flirtual. Just like Julia and Emily... he dated all of them. Oh, an equal opportunity serial killer. At least he's got that going for him. He's claiming them, to boast. Get me everything on these three homicides. I want these cases reopened. How much stuff did you buy? Enough. And you're sure this is a good idea? I'm not sure of anything right now, Connor. See, that's what I'm talking about. I'm sorry, I don't understand. I'm just saying that lately you've lacked your usual sparkle. You're kidding, right? I'm sorry, but my sparkle is under protective custody until Lindy figures out her psycho situation. You mean, our psycho killer situation. Our pictures were on that thing in the Cyber Crimes Unit too, you know. Yes, but trying to make sense of that is much more terrifying than the truth. Truth? What truth? ♪ Bah bah bah bah ♪ You're humming Beethoven's Fifth. You only do that when you're trying not to gossip. You know you want to tell me. All right, look, but you are sworn to secrecy. Okay. Secrecy, Connor. I... I... I... I can't say it. Um, um... (Teakettle whistling) Uh-uh, don't look at me. Didn't you bring Yaeger coffee this morning? Well, yes, but I refuse to be known as a refreshment handmaiden. Besides, drawing him in is all about pressure and release. Pressure and release... ooh! Pressure and release. I'll take it to him, then. You know, just give me a call whenever. I mean, um, if you want. Hmm. You have a good night, Lindy. Good night. All right, okay, the problem appears to be within your local system, so I'm just gonna RDP into your box and see what's going on. You okay? Ah, an app game is sucking up your resources. I'm gonna go ahead and assume that that's not work related, delete it, and reboot your system. Okay, bye now. What's going on? Okay, okay, okay. Okay, I'm gonna show you something, okay? But remember, homicide carries a minimum sentence of 20 years. Who's "The Insomniac"? Connor. Who have you been talking to? It was Connor. He works for Reconnoiter. Connor? Wait... your friend Connor? He's not my friend. He's Sophia's friend. He's a blogger, and you didn't think to mention that when you brought him into the Cyber Crimes Unit? His life was in danger. I didn't think it mattered. Well, maybe if I'd known, I would have kept him in the lobby. You know, you can blame me all you want, but the story is out there, and I'm just as angry about it as you are. Look, this gives the killer exactly what he wants... credit. You know what these guys do when they get an audience? They perform. I don't want him to perform, because I suspect we're not even in the first act of his show, and it's gonna get a lot more scary. We cannot have this kind of leak. I'm handling it. 1, 2, 3, 4... Go! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5... (Claps) Let up. Practice sparring with a partner. Radical, Connor. That was a lot of hits. It's my story too. People have the right to know. There's a man missing. You're putting his life at risk. You're putting everyone's life at risk. I'm helping people protect themselves. (Groaning) Take the story down now. I can't. Why not? 'Cause that's not his choice. It's mine. Hamish Stone, owner and publisher of Reconnoiter Media. I know who you are, and I'd describe you as more of a gossip profiteer. And you're the hacker who dropped out of MIT when you sister disappeared, moved to the Big Apple to look for her, and here we all are, getting acquainted. Correct me if I'm wrong, but hackers don't usually work with the police, do they? Especially when they've got a record. Then again, this case is rather personal for you, isn't it? Don't look at Connor. I googled you all by myself. What's it gonna take for you to take the story down? Oh, I don't know. Catching him. Until then, the story stays up. 
 
 Bad news. You're fired. (Laughing) Just kidding. I covered for you. Thanks. Working. I say we hit Reconnoiter hard... send a botnet attack and down their entire site until they delete the story. It's too late. It's already gone viral. And bachelor number two... they find him yet? No, not yet. But yesterday, the killer sent me this. Freaky. Freaky, freak, freak, freak. Yeah. The parts that don't belong were matched to three different unsolved homicide victim photos, but the background never matched anything. Any idea? It's like a Monet thing. Sometimes you gotta stand back to get the full picture. It's static, but modern TVs don't play static. Of course. That is why I love you, George. Reese's TV was playing static when we found the mannequins. We have to go back to Reese's apartment. It's funny how people think "High Tech" means "safer." (Exhaling) Hello, my little friend. (Door opening) Can we hurry it up? Oh, relax, okay? I built this baby to be quick, like a rabbit. Here we go. Okay. It's pulling the unique code from the last time Reese used the keypad, re-routing it back to the lock as if he were here, punching it in right now. (Beeping) Oh! Like butter. Good job. It's so easy, it terrifies me. The mannequins were sitting right here. Ever been on one of those dates where you talk and wander around the city? That's what this is like, except we're wandering around the mind of a psychotic killer. There's something on the TV he wants me to see. (Beeping) "Mill of the Stone Woman", "The Young, Evil, and Savage", "Phenomena", "Eyes without a Face", "Ratman", "The Fifth Chord", "Inferno"? Yeah, those are old Italian horror movies... classics. Uh, very obscure. It says he watched them all the night Reese went missing. It's a message. "Mill of the Stone Woman," "The Young..." Maybe it's the first letter of each title. M-T-P-E-R-T-I-C-I-O. M-T perticio. That... that doesn't make sense. Nope, it does not, but if you're making an acronym, maybe the "thes" don't count, so it wouldn't be "The Fifth Chord,"  so use an "F," not a "T." My Perficio. My Perficio. Oh, my God. I know why he's killing them. Perficio. He wants me to understand why he's choosing his victims. Julia Becker hated her teeth. Come on, one smile. They were crooked, but she hated the dentist more, so she never smiled. So, her killer pulled them out, carefully cleaned out her mouth... made it perfect. Some perfect. It's his perfect. He's excising the lie, the imperfection from each victim. When I looked at the other victims' social media, Anthony Morgan wore colored contacts. His killer gouged out his eyes. Miranda McKenna had her breasts augmented. Her killer cut out her implants. Michael Kelly severely bit his nails and his killer severed his fingers. Even Emily Erickson's murder follows a pattern. Her killer targeted her face, her skin. The Internet's a place where you can create an illusion, show people only what you want them to see... but when reality didn't match up with what the killer saw on Flirtual, he punished them. He wants perfection. He's searching for it. And when people lied about their flaws, he killed them. Perficio. Exactly. But "Perficio" doesn't just mean "Perfection." I mean, if you take it back to the literal translation, it means "to finish, to bring to an end, a finishing." That doesn't sound optimistic, now, does it? Great work. (Phone ringing) (Beeping) Where are you? You forgot the egg rolls, didn't you? Nope. I'm picking them up now. (Groaning) That's, uh... that's all I have. Thank you. What was that about? The IT department at his law firm found malware on his cell phone... Filled out a formal report. You're not answering my calls. You're not used to girls doing that, are you? I'm serious. Jake Bolin just swung by the Cyber Crimes Unit. He reported the spyware you put on his phone. There's no way to know if he suspects you or if he knows we've been following him, but we might have just gotten made. That's not good. Look, if he tries to contact you... No Jake. I got it. Hey, I didn't get a chance to say it earlier, but good work today. Thanks. But the next time you want to break into a crime scene, call me first. I'll handle it. Maybe I wanted to handle it myself. Call me first. Look, I need you to stay in tonight with this Jake thing going on. The last thing I want to do is go out. I just need a quiet night in, alone with my room mate, eating egg rolls. Sophia? All : Surprise! (Party horns tooting) Your birthday? Yeah. Ladies. Hey, how's it going? You got a boyfriend? Yeah, I'm taken too. It'll never work. Sorry. No means no, ladies. I'm sorry about Connor. I didn't think he would do something like that. He's banished. Forgive me? I can't believe you threw me a party. I hate you. And how did you even know it was my birthday? What kind of person doesn't know their best friend's birthday? Besides, I thought we were trying to be normal. Me not liking things like this is normal. Okay, you need another drink. You really don't want to do that, man. Thanks, but I'm on duty. Maybe some other time? Buenas noches. You a cop? How'd you guess? You smell like a cop. You're Lindy's cop. Tommy. Well, Tommy, you'd better take care of her. Hey. Fun party. Yeah, I hate my birthday too. It's not that. I miss him. I miss him too. Lindy, look! Wendy made us Jell-O shots! Uhh! We love her! Mmm, they're champagne... ironically. Look, they say it's important to feel whatever it is you're feeling. What if you feel too much? Lindy, come on. Sure, the Tango is the dance of love, but Guianos know, the dance of unbridled passion is the Guaguanco. All right. (Phone ringing) Calligan. To friends! (Cheering) They found Reese Hennessey's clothes. I have to go. Don't let Lindy out of your sight, okay? (Cheering) To horses' hooves! 'Cause that's what gelatin's made from. You know, horses' hooves. Hey, Lindy, come dance with us! Sophia, who are these people? Your friends. No, they're your friends. Mi casa es su casa. Oh, no. It's Jake. You invited him? It must have been after he made us dinner. We were a little tipsy, remember? We liked him, we liked him... Back when we were positive the other guy was the one killing people. Well, now he's the main suspect. Find detective Yaeger. Tell him he's here. So he can arrest him? No, they don't have enough evidence. They need to wait until he slips up. At my surprise party? There are a million people here. He's not gonna do anything. Hey, Happy Birthday. Thanks. I'm sorry, I was rushing. I didn't get a chance to wrap it. "How to Cook and Have a Life"? Yeah, it's just a bunch of take-out menus from all my favorite places in the city. That's, um... that's really creative. Look, I'm sorry we haven't had much time to see each other, but work's been a nightmare lately. But I'm glad Sophia invited me. Me too. (Doorbell buzzing) What? You can't just ignore my calls, Sophia. I'm mad at you, Connor. You can't come up. Too late. Some tenants just let me in. You have to go. I was invited. Well, now you're disinvited. How could you write up that story? You were sworn to secrecy, okay? Lindy is my best friend. I thought I was your best friend. That's up for review. So, let me in and I'll apologize to Lindy. Sorry, you forfeited that right. You know what? I'm not sorry I wrote that piece. It's important. People are dying. Shh! I am trying to throw a party. Everything okay? Detective Yaeger, can you please escort my dis-invited best friend out? Really? (Cheering) So, um, nobody does flowers anymore. Are you still holding that against me? I was just surprised. What do you mean? Like, a little chivalry isn't your thing? No, I just never gave you my address. Oh. Well, I mean, anyone can find your address with a cell phone number. Right. Creeped you out, didn't I? A little. Sometimes I fantasize about owning a farm... like, a small, quiet farm. Are you listening to me? Yeah. I grew up on a farm. Really? No. I grew up in the Bronx. You're about as much of a farm girl as I'm a farm boy. So, what you're saying is, I'm really like more of a city girl. I'm saying you're really like trouble. Look, I'm sorry. I grew up in a family that loves surprises, like, you know? It's just how my brain's wired. Hey, you okay? Um, I think I might have had too much to drink. Okay, let's sit you down. I'm gonna get you a glass of water, okay? (Smoke detector blaring) Smoke. There's smoke coming from the bathroom. (Smoke detector blaring) Call came in an hour ago. A janitor found them in the basement of an apartment building. What's the building's address? It's Jake Bolin's apartment. Oh, no. (Smoke alarm blaring) Okay. Like, who threw a lit joint in the trash can? (Cell phone buzzing) There you are. You passed my test. I need to show you something. Ah, hush. Hush, now. Everything is going to be all right. Lindy! Lindy? Hey! (Whistling) Yo! Has anyone seen Lindy? Don't move. Where's Lindy? She was right there, I swear. I just went to get a glass of... On your knees. On your knees! I didn't touch her. (Gasping) ♪ Love don't break the light ♪ ♪ Trying to find my way again ♪ ♪ Gray stars on the rise ♪ ♪ Never gave beyond the mend ♪ ♪ Come raise the dead ♪ ♪ I'm dreaming of the end ♪ ♪ Hallucinate the tables are turning the night ♪ ♪ Was everything you said ♪ ♪ Come raise the dead ♪ ♪ I'm leaning on the edge ♪ ♪ Illuminate the way to my heart my heart ♪ ♪ It's twisting on a thread ♪ ♪ Come raise the dead ♪ Somebody set him up. It looks that way. He was in custody when you witnessed Reese's murder. The clothes were planted at his apartment. He's not our guy. I should have never left you alone at that party. I made a bad call. And what happened to you... that's on me. I'll never let that happen again, okay? Reese, Peter, Ben... He killed them all because of me. Lindy, you can't keep thinking... Why did he let me live last night? Well, if he's looking for flaws, maybe he doesn't see any in you. Perfection doesn't exist, and he's sick to think that it does. Everybody's flawed... especially me. What do you think he's gonna do when he finally figures that out? I knew you'd do it. I hoped you'd solve my riddle, my test. So, here is my reward to you. Lindy, you're the one... The one to understand me, the one who can really know me, challenge me. The gifts I want to give you... Wear it for me. Wear your pain. We should all be reminded of what we've lost. He is out there. Searching. Following. Killing. I know you're watching me. Come and get me. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 