Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x18 - One Begets Technique - Blindspot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x18 - One Begets Technique https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=390&t=26701 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/19/16 03:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x18 - One Begets Technique 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Blindspot"... 
 I know there's been some distance between us. 
 I'm really happy we're all a family again. 
 Sawyer : Mom! 
 Oh, my God. 
 Dad! Dad! 
 It took me a while to get here. 
 Well, I'm glad you're here now. 
 Alexandra. 
 Bethany. 
 Very nice to meet you. 
 Hi, this is Sofia Varma. Please leave a message. 
 Hi, uh, it's me again. 
 I just wanted to know that you're okay. 
 I'm worried about you. Call me. 
 Born Gord Enver. 
 He changed his name to Rich Dotcom. 
 Anything you need, he can get it for you and he's one of the most dangerous guys in the world. 
 Put down your weapons! 
 We are the FBI, and you are under arrest. 
 (chuckling) Can you believe it? 
 Four queens in this place? Ay-yi-yi. 
 Oh, boy. This is my kinda night. 
 Go on a little shopping spree with all these cigarettes, buy myself something real nice, huh? 
 All right, who's dealing next? 
 That's it. 
 Hey! 
 You gotta be cheating. 
 I know you didn't just put your hands on me. 
 Nobody's that lucky. 
 No, but thankfully I am that smart, and you three are the twitchiest, shiftiest, tellingest convicted felons in the history of the game of poker. 
 No wonder you got caught. 
 What did you just say to me? 
 You have tells. 
 Whenever Draco has a bad hand, he licks his lips... when Kentucky gets anything remotely good, he can't stop blinking, and whenever you have a pocket pair, you start to wax philosophical about every murder you ever committed. 
 So if being the smartest person in the room and being a master at reading faces is cheating, then, yeah, okay, I'm a cheater. 
 But if you're done wasting my time, maybe we can get back to playing some cards. 
 Okay, um... 
 Let's just take a... take a breath here. 
 This is a teachable moment for me, I get that. 
 But, um, you know what we could do? 
 We could teach those hypocrites out there what it is to be civilized men, civilized men who use our... uhh! 
 (grunting) 
 Get his legs! 
 I saw you cheat, man! 
 woman :  Please leave a message after the tone. 
 Weller : Hey, it's me. 
 I just talked to the doctor. 
 It's not good, Sarah. 
 She says it's about making him more comfortable at this point, however you do that in here. 
 I'll, uh... I'll talk to you later. 
 Bye. 
 Mayfair : Can you do anything with it? 
 It's too pixilated for our facial recognition software to get a hit. 
 Do you have the digital file? 
 Uh-huh. 
 Your people can't handle this? 
 I'd like to keep it out of the system for now. 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 It's good to see you. 
 You've been a bit of a hermit since... 
 (muffled laughter, conversation) 
 Nothing I don't understand, it's just, I... 
 It's good to see you too, Marcus. 
 Maybe we should grab dinner sometime, like in the old days. 
 I'd like that. 
 Let me know about the photo. 
 I need you to tell Weller you're having memories, remembering him, remembering Clairfield. 
 But I'm... I'm not. 
 That's what these are for. 
 Memory will provide him comfort. 
 (locker opening) 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 I heard about your dad. 
 Can... Can I... do anything? 
 No. 
 I don't think anyone can, no. 
 He's not gonna beat this. 
 Well, maybe you can take me to meet him sometime. 
 He'll like that. 
 It's funny, you know... 
 We only just started talking to each other again. 
 It... It's gonna be hard to... 
 (door opening) 
 Oh, uh, hey. Sorry. 
 Hey. 
 I didn't mean to... 
 It's all right. 
 Uh, I need to talk to you. 
 Sure. 
 Actually, I meant both of you. 
 Ever since we apprehended Rich Dotcom, the marshals have been trying to get him to roll over on some of his dark web associates, but he's been less than cooperative, until today. 
 What changed? 
 He got his ass kicked in prison. 
 (chuckling) That sounds about right. 
 And now he wants to talk. 
 Actually, he already started. 
 He claims he can give us Sho Ahktar. 
 Does somebody want to catch me up? 
 Mayfair : Shohid Ahktar, eight on the FBI's most wanted list. 
 He's basically the bank for every major terrorist organization in the world. 
 Bring him down, we'll cripple ISIS, Al Qaeda, Dabbur Zann. 
 We don't even know what Ahktar looks like. 
 How solid is Dotcom's intel? 
 The CIA confirmed that Rich has had dealings with Ahktar in the past, so I believe him when he says he can deliver. 
 But... he's got a condition. 
 And what is that? 
 He says he'll only talk to you and Jane. 
 (buzzing, cell door sliding) 
 Holy derby, you two look great. 
 Wish I could say the same. 
 What are you saying? I don't look tough? 
 Are you kidding me? I got a glimpse of myself in the window here, I thought I looked pretty tough. 
 I don't look tough? 
 No. 
 What have you got for us? 
 Okay, well, first of all, I don't love this dynamic. 
 Where is, "Hello"? Where is, "Are you okay"? 
 Where's, "Hey Rich, those bruises make you look super tough"? 
 Also, what are your real names? 
 My name is Kurt Weller. 
 I'm a special agent with the FBI. 
 This is our consultant, Jane Doe. 
 Jane Doe? Wow. 
 So... so punk. 
 I dig the ink, too. 
 Did that hurt? 
 I heard the neck is the most sens... 
 Where is Sho Ahktar and how do we get him? 
 You see, that's what I love about you two. 
 You keep me focused. 
 Sho and I are old friends. 
 He and I used to do a lot of business together before you two took me out of the game. 
 And he has a soft spot for unattainable art. 
 "Unattainable"? 
 Stolen. 
 And? 
 I just might have something he won't be able to turn down. 
 (chuckles) 
 The Gardner paintings. 
 Oh, do I have your attention now? 
 1990, 13 works were stolen from the Gardner Museum in Boston. 
 They're worth half a billion dollars. 
 Perfect job. No arrests. 
 No suspects. 
 And you have them? 
 I've already arranged the exchange with Ahktar. 
 He wants to meet in the next 72 hours right here in New York. 
 Everybody knows you're in prison. 
 It was all over the news. 
 How does Ahktar expect you to meet him? 
 Because I'm breaking out. 
 (chuckling) 
 Stay with me. 
 You fake my escape, I get you Ahktar, and then I'll go right back to prison. 
 Medium security would be fine, okay? 
 These people are monsters in here and have, like, zero sense of humor. 
 Also, the s*x is surprisingly vanilla. 
 I keep telling people, "Hello, we're in prison. What are you afraid of? Just get in there and go for it and just have some fun," you know? 
 I mean, treat me like a piece of meat. 
 Weller : All right, enough. 
 Okay, look... 
 Long story short, I'm not gonna make it in here, okay? I know me. 
 These people will kill me eventually. 
 So do you want Ahktar or not? 
 I think we can make that happen. 
 You know what you just did? 
 You just got the band back together. 
 ♪♪ 
 Knight : Please sign here. 
 How many of these do I have to do? 
 Here. 
 You two aren't actually married in real life? 
 Here. 
 'Cause you had some serious chemistry back at the Hamptons. 
 It's all part of the act. 
 You know, that does make sense, because I was getting a lot of non-verbal sexual cues from you. 
 So just so you know, I was picking up what you were putting down! 
 All right, where are these paintings? 
 Oh, I don't have them. 
 What? 
 Did I say I had them? 
 Yeah, that is exactly what you said. 
 No, I'm pretty sure I left that part intentionally vague. 
 The important thing is that I know where they are. 
 I just need your help stealing them so we can use them to trap Ahktar. 
 All right, this was not part of the deal. 
 It's not  not  part of the deal. 
 So where are they? 
 Ooh, there's my angry little munchkin. 
 You know what, "Stubbles," why don't you have a seat, I'll walk you through it. 
 Start walking. 
 The works we seek are contained within an unassuming brownstone in the heart of Cobble Hill. 
 This pleasant home belongs to a renowned art historian, decorated former Marine, and perpetrator of the Gardner heist, professor Randall Turner. 
 The good professor teaches at some of the finest art schools in the city, when he's not busy being the finest burglar of the 20th century... exacting, precise, and sociopathically brutal when the job calls for it. 
 If you have unlimited funds, a flexible moral compass, and a penchant for art that's not for sale, Turner's your man. 
 But the Gardner job was special. 
 That one he did for himself. 
 And to keep his precious paintings safe, he built an entire house around them, complete with the most insane security system I've ever encountered. 
 Security measure number one, the smart watch. 
 On his wrist at all times, it disarms and re-arms every room as he walks through it. 
 (beep) 
 We turn down the wrong hallway without it, it triggers the alarm. 
 Turner keeps his prized paintings in a windowless concrete gallery in the middle of his house, completely insulated from the outside world. 
 To access it, we need to get past security measure number two, a 12-digit keypad lock, and security measure number three, a heat-sensitive palm scan. 
 All of which brings us to security measure number four, and believe me, I've saved the worst for last. 
 Each painting is tethered to five separate wires leading into the wall behind it. 
 Remove the painting without disengaging the wires and a shotgun blast fires from behind the canvas, destroying the paintings and killing any would-be thief. 
 I mean, overkill much? 
 Okay, how do you know all of this? 
 Because I've been planning this job for ages, and I would have gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for you meddling kids. 
 Why do we need the paintings at all? 
 Just tell Ahktar you have them and then we'll take him down at the meet. 
 Yeah, that would totally work, if Ahktar was a complete idiot. 
 But there's a reason you don't even have a photograph of the man. 
 He's incredibly thorough and incredibly paranoid. 
 12 hours prior to the meet, he is going to request one of the paintings at random, We won't know which one. 
 I'll send it over and if it checks out, he'll tell us how and where the rest of the handoff goes down. 
 And you're sure he'll be there? 
 Ahktar is meticulous. 
 These are the most prestigious paintings in the entire underground art world. 
 He's gonna want to verify them himself. 
 Fine, but we are FBI, so we don't need to steal them. 
 We get a warrant and we arrest him. 
 Can we start assuming that criminals that have avoided capture their entire lives are just a titch smarter than you? 
 Turner wears a kill switch around his neck. 
 Turner : And, of course, there's purism created by... 
 He even smells the word Fed, he presses a switch and the gallery incinerates, destroying all the art and any evidence that could lead to a conviction. 
 Look, we can't arrest Turner and we don't have time to make fakes, so if you wish to capture Ahktar, we need to steal the Gardner paintings. 
 If  we do play along... what's your plan? 
 This is the way I think it should play out. 
 Step one, we smoke him out. 
 Patterson : This is actually kinda fun. 
 My mom and I used to build these RC cars and race 'em around. 
 Kinda feels like that. 
 (beeping) 
 Okay. In position, here goes. 
 And... we're cooking with gas. 
 Yes, I'd like to report a gas leak. 
 Okay, his call's gone through. 
 (knocking at door) 
 Hey, what's going on? You the guy with the leak? 
 I'm the one who called. 
 You want me to fix it from here? 
 I use induction burners. Must be one of the neighbors. 
 Hey, you called me. 
 Why don't I just come inside and take a look? 
 I said it's not coming from in here. 
 Do your job, figure it out. 
 Okay, okay. It's cool, it's cool. 
 You have yourself a wonderful day. 
 Now, these smart watches map and store movements of their users to an insane degree. 
 It's all in the name of fitness tracking, but in the wrong hands... these, for example... they're a veritable gold mine. 
 All we need is to find the right line of code from the data Reade cloned from his watch and... there we go. 
 Right? 
 That's actually... 
 That's pretty smart. 
 Knight : What's smart? 
 So he's isolated Turner's hand movements corresponding to when he typed in his 12-digit key code. 
 It's just like looking over his shoulder, except you have to be a genius to do it. 
 And since we know the exact brand and make of the keypad, we can use his hand gestures to extrapolate the code. 
 We just beat security measures one and two. 
 "We." 
 Well, how do we pass the hand scanner? 
 Oh, that's simple. 
 We just take a trip up to my storage unit in Yonkers. 
 It's a quick drive. I call shotgun. 
 Just tell me what I'm looking for. 
 Look, I don't know what to tell you. 
 Okay, it's a huge storage unit. I don't know where the thing is. 
 What are you gonna do, bring it all here? 
 (paper crinkling) 
 This is so stupid! 
 My locker was messy, but I had a system. This is just a disaster. 
 What if this is his way of sneaking something into the FBI? 
 We X-rayed everything, demagnetized it, tested it for explosives, chemicals... we're good. 
 Here it is! 
 Oh, here it is. 
 One glove? 
 You made me drag all this junk up here for one glove? 
 I didn't make you do anything. 
 I voted field trip. You chose... 
 Okay, what does that thing do? 
 This thing is the culmination of over a year spent collecting partial prints from door handles, coffee mugs, chairs, so that my right hand perfectly replicates Turner's. 
 This thing is how we beat the palm scanner. 
 Great, hand it over. 
 Hand it over? 
 Dad joke! Beep-bop-bo... 
 Give it to me. 
 Now. 
 Am I talking to myself? 
 It has to be my hand. 
 You try to get your fleshy meat paw into this thing and it'll never work. 
 I have to come with you. 
 It's fun, right? 
 We need to shut down this whole operation, send him back to prison. 
 I don't trust him, either, but it's not like we're letting him do the job alone. 
 He'll be unarmed, he'll be with us. 
 Yeah, and he'll be unpredictable. 
 It's too dangerous, Ally. 
 I've been doing this job for ten years. 
 I don't need you to evaluate risk for me. 
 He's playing us. 
 I don't know how yet, but trust me. 
 You don't know this guy. 
 How 'bout you stop telling me things I don't know? 
 How about that? 
 Enough! 
 Groups like ISIS and the Dabbur Zann have been flourishing thanks in large part to the money Ahktar has been siphoning to them. 
 I understand that. 
 Taking Ahktar out of circulation would be a massive blow to terrorist organizations around the world. 
 The mission's a go. 
 Turner has a seminar at 3:00 p.m. 
 That gives you, Dotcom, Jane, and Ally two hours to break in, remove the art, and get out. 
 Also referred to as Cubist Realism, its artists were known as Immaculates, and with good reason, so... 
 Tell me, what's going on here? What do you see? 
 Good here. Lecture just started. 
 Mayfair : But remember... 
 Turner has a fatal kill switch. 
 If he returns early, Reade and Zapata won't be able to stop him without endangering you. 
 So you two are dating, huh? 
 Just focus on the lock. 
 That explains why you're both so grumpy all the time. 
 You're a terrible match. Way too similar. 
 It's like trying to put a square peg in a square peg. 
 Also, I'm pretty sure she's a lesbian. 
 If that door's not open in five seconds, I'm gonna break your jaw. 
 I'm just saying, historically, I have a pretty good nose for this sort of thing. 
 Fine. I'll break your nose. 
 Play your cards right, you get a little holy trinity going, am I right? 
 Move. Move. 
 Give it to me. 
 Ready? 
 I just got really turned on. 
 Weller : No alarm. 
 This thing actually works. 
 Was there ever any doubt? 
 There still is. 
 Where is the trust? 
 All right. Number? 
 0-5-2-0 
 7-8-0-1-1-3-1-2. 
 Dotcom : Huh. 
 Knight : What the hell is this? 
 That is an iris scanner. 
 Don't panic, we got plenty of time. 
 Let me just think. We just need to... 
 (beeping) 
 Start panicking. 
 Well, what happens if that reaches zero? 
 It gets very hot in "hurr." 
 I'm sorry, terrible joke. I just got quite nervous. 
 Patterson. Any ideas? 
 It's a Biro 7-9-1 eye scanner. 
 Ugh... Why did it have to be a Biro? 
 Hey, Patty, this is Rich. 
 She can hear you from over there. 
 Please don't call me Patty. 
 The doors are electromagnetic. 
 If we cut the power, the locks would disengage while the system restarts. 
 Wouldn't that alert Turner? 
 Yeah, but it would still take him like a half an hour to get back here. 
 So... we have to be fast. 
 Yeah, or dead if he trips his kill switch. 
 If I'm Turner, I'm not gonna destroy my priceless beloved stolen paintings over a false alarm. 
 I don't think. Who feels lucky? 
 Weller : Can you disengage all 11 paintings in half an hour? 
 Maybe. 
 Knight : 30 seconds. 
 This is exciting. 
 Patterson... can you cut this power in 30 seconds? 
 On it. 
 If you hack into the local grid, there should be... She's got it covered. 
 We need to find something to brace the doors open or else they're just gonna slam shut when the power comes back on. 
 Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait... 
 (grunting) 
 That is the bronze eagle finial. 
 You just made a $100,000 doorstop. 
 You're welcome. 
 You may recognize his 1910,  Nu Dan la Forêt. 
 Now, note this... 
 (watch vibrating) 
 Uh, excuse me. I'm sorry. 
 I'm gonna have to cut class short today. 
 Apologies. 
 He's on the move. You sure you don't want us to take him down now? 
 No! Our guys are in the gallery right now. 
 If he spots you and hits that kill switch, they are literal toast. 
 Now, this is a two-person job, the brains and the muscle. 
 Weller, you're the muscle. So, can you... 
 Okay, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa... 
 Okay, now, the muscle carefully lifts the painting off its hook and moves it forward about an inch. 
 Now, this will allow the brains to sever the tension wires from its back... thus freeing it from the explosive shotgun charge. 
 So, you know... steady hands. 
 Once the muscle has the weight, he can't move until all five tension wires have been cut. 
 Otherwise, you get a bunch of new holes in your face. 
 Now lift, lift. 
 Step back slowly... Slowly. 
 That's one down, ten to go. 
 Boys versus girls? 
 ♪♪ 
 Um... guys, I have some bad news. 
 Turner is... 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! 
 New holes in the face, remember? 
 Guys? Hello? 
 Patterson? 
 The comms are dead. 
 They can't make it through the lead door. 
 Turner must be close. 
 Panel by the door. 
 Think you can do something about that? 
 Yeah. 
 On it. 
 So tell me again why you're not with Jane? 
 'Cause I mean every time something goes wrong, or goes right for that matter, you look at Jane first... not Ally, Jane. 
 Doesn't mean a thing. 
 Some people might think that it means you're more worried/excited about Jane than you are about lady Tommy Lee Jones over there. 
 Why don't you focus on cutting the wires and disarm the shotgun aimed at my face and stop talking about Jane. 
 I can do both. I'm an excellent multitasker. 
 I think I got something. 
 Uhh! Damn! 
 Repeat, Turner is in the house! You need to get out! Do you read? 
 
 
 
 (grunting, fighting) 
 (both grunting) 
 Easy, easy, easy. 
 Dotcom : Hold it. 
 Cut the wires! 
 Dotcom : Two to go! 
 Jane. Jane! 
 Jane... 
 (gunshot) 
 Al. Ally! 
 Yeah. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. I mean... 
 I mean, I'm seeing two of you, but I'm okay. 
 Dotcom : Three's company, we got a problem. 
 You think Ahktar's gonna notice that? 
 How long until Ahktar tells us which painting he wants to inspect? 
 13 hours. 
 Well, we could cross our fingers and hope he doesn't choose this one. 
 We can't take that risk. 
 There's no way that you can fix this? 
 There's maybe five people in the whole world who can restore this type of damage, and none in the time frame that we need. 
 (scoffs) 
 You know someone. 
 Come again? 
 When we put you away, you were one of the biggest black market players in the world. 
 You know someone who can fix this. 
 I do? 
 We don't nail Ahktar, you go straight back to maximum security. 
 So if there's someone you can call, I suggest you do it. 
 (sighing) 
 It's not that easy. 
 I mean, even if I did know somebody, then this person could hypothetically be a fugitive. 
 So, I would need some sort of guarantee that this person, who may or may not exist, would not get arrested if they were to help us out. 
 I'm not giving out blind blanket immunity. 
 I'm not saying immunity, just amnesty. 
 You know, just a freebie, one-time thing. 
 And some money, obviously. 
 I could probably sell that to this hypothetical, fictional person that may or may not exist. 
 Fine. 
 All right. Put 'er... there. 
 I just thought we'd maybe... 
 I'll just take your word for it. 
 Can I borrow your phone, please? 
 (elevator dings) 
 Dotcom : I present to you Boston Arliss Crab, the world's premiere art restorer. 
 If he's the world's premiere art restorer, what's he wanted for? 
 He may have forged a painting or two... hundred. 
 Hold this a second? 
 Oh! 
 You do not get to call me out of the blue after five years of nothing and pretend like we're okay. 
 We are not okay. 
 You left me in Nice holding the bill for that horrifically vandalized hotel suite, and then I find out three weeks later, you're gallivanting around Rome with a woman? 
 A woman? 
 A very beautiful, very famous woman. 
 That's got to take some of the sting out of it. 
 Or not. 
 I hate to interrupt your little reunion here, but... 
 Oh, I'm not here for him. 
 I'm here for the Gardner paintings. 
 Well, I've seen worse. 
 I'll need a week. 
 You've got ten hours. 
 That is much less time! 
 Uh, all right, um... 
 I'll need to scan all the paintings first. 
 Wait, why? This is the only one that's been damaged. 
 I'm sorry, who are you? 
 Special agent... 
 Great. So, we've established that you know nothing about art. 
 (chuckling) I... 
 The buyer is going to want to inspect all of the paintings, so if I'm going to restore this one, I need to match it to the others. 
 Light damage, dust accumulation, pigment fail. 
 They need to be uniform, so why don't you show me just how special you are, special agent whatever, by getting me my scanner and rounding up all the other paintings so I can get started doing the thing that none of you know how to do with not enough time to do it? 
 How about that? 
 Are you kidding... 
 Weller : No, no... 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... 
 Settle down, all right? 
 Let's get him set up. The sooner he finishes, the sooner we can get him out of here. 
 Okay. 
 Can you help me with this? 
 Squancher? 
 Yeah, it's a niche dating site with surprisingly good encryption. 
 I use it to talk to Ahktar under the radar. 
 Also use it for other things. 
 I'm, uh, Kim Burly. 
 So I take it you don't date very often? 
 There's no Mr. Doe in your life? 
 No tattooed knave with a heart of gold? 
 You know, this new prison is going to allow conjugal visits. I just want to float that out there on this new idea cloud and... 
 (message alert dings) 
 Oh, here we go. 
 "Tall Tim." This is Ahktar. 
 computer voice :  I want to meet a fat Frenchman. See how heavy he really is. 
 What? 
 Okay, we're in luck. 
 He wants to see one of the Degas,  La Sortie de Pesage. 
 That should buy us enough time to mend the Vermeer, right? 
 Well, unless Crab screws it up. 
 I've got just the guy. 
 When can I introduce you? 
 He's giving me the instructions now, he's... 
 My guys will deliver and tail Ahktar's courier. 
 (scoffs) 
 What? 
 I mean, you could try, but you're gonna lose him. 
 We'll see. 
 Yeah, see him slip your tail? Absolutely, we will. 
 Just... write it down. 
 Done. 
 Hey, here. 
 Thanks. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I really like Ally. 
 I mean, she seems... smart. 
 And... beautiful and tough. 
 I can totally see the appeal. 
 Uh, I really... 
 You... 
 You don't really want to talk about this with me. 
 (chuckling) No, it's... 
 (both chuckling) 
 Hey, Ally. 
 Did you track Ahktar's people? 
 Uh, he slipped our tail. 
 He contacted Rich, though. 
 I guess the painting checked out, 'cause he just set the meet. 
 How we doing over here? 
 Well, he's still alive, so I'd say we're doing pretty good. 
 I meant the painting. Is it okay? 
 No. 
 It's fantastic. 
 Ahktar has allegedly set up shop in the penthouse of the Binder Hotel, where he's hosting a very exclusive Gatsby-themed party. 
 And he's expecting Rich and the paintings there in an hour? 
 You know, it's actually a good thing you brought all my stuff from storage, 'cause I think I have a tux in there, so thank you. 
 All right, we're gonna fit him with that bracelet. 
 It's gonna transmit his audio and his location. 
 We'll be in position outside in a surveillance van. 
 And since we have no idea what Ahktar looks like and only a couple phone recordings to voice match, it's on Mr. Dotcom's shoulders to confirm our tango. 
 The second he has positive ID, Rich will use the phrase... 
 "Mustard on the beat, ho." 
 ♪ Mustard on that beat, ho! ♪ 
 Supposed to be in my voice. 
 Hear the phrase, take the room, got it. 
 Not a second before. 
 All right, let's get changed. 
 Um, I'm sorry, "let's"? 
 As in, le... let us? As in you and me? 
 You think we're gonna let you go in there alone? 
 I'm your date. 
 (laughing) You? 
 You're the coppest cop that ever copped. 
 I walk in with you, I'll be dead before the doors open all the way. 
 Fine. I'll go with you. 
 As what, my cousin Stu from the FBI? 
 No, you know what? I'm out. Okay, that prison sucks, but at least I'm not dead! 
 I'll go. 
 I look the part, right? 
 And I can handle him. 
 She certainly can. 
 And I mean, she definitely doesn't read as civil servant. 
 I can do this. 
 We can't let this fall apart now. 
 Jane goes. 
 Let's suit up. 
 Jane... 
 Look, I'll be fine. 
 This Ahktar guy is no joke, all right? 
 We'll be just outside. 
 If you think it's going sideways, say the word, I'll be there. 
 Are we doing this or what? 
 (jazz playing) 
 Why'd you cover up the tattoos? I love the tattoos. 
 They draw unnecessary attention. 
 That's smart. That's good thinking. Keep a low profile. 
 Hey, what did "Stubbles" whisper to you back at HQ? 
 Looked really intense. 
 Jane :  He just told me to be careful. 
 Dotcom :  Hmm. Yeah. He really seems to worry about you a lot. 
 Jane :  We are part of a team,  and teams look after each other. 
 Right. 
 I mean, it's for sure more than that, but, hey, "E" for effort. 
 (doors open) 
 (techno music playing) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 I thought you said this was a Gatsby party? 
 Why is no one else dressed up? 
 I may have misread the code. 
 (two gunshots) 
 Gunshots. 
 Weller, stand down. 
 He's not shooting at us, he's... dancing. 
 Wait, is that... 
 Oh, boy. 
 Looks like someone's been on a bit of a bender. 
 He gets a little paranoid when he's been doing blow. 
 Oh! 
 This might be a little more dangerous than I thought. 
 (gunshots) 
 (techno music) 
 ♪♪ 
 (laughing) 
 Ahh. 
 Rich Dotcom! 
 (gunshots) 
 Doing a little dancing there? 
 Love to dance. 
 I can see that. 
 This city has an energy. 
 When I'm here, I must dance. 
 I must! 
 Who is your friend? 
 Don't worry about her. 
 I wasn't asking you. 
 Well, you kind of were. 
 We aren't friends. 
 We're just sleeping together. 
 (gunshots) 
 Rich Dotcom. 
 Are those what I think they are? 
 God, I hope so. 
 The Gardner paintings. 
 Feels like a dream, doesn't it? 
 If it was a dream, I'd be naked. 
 (laughing) Dotcom! 
 Let's see what we got, shall we? 
 ♪♪ 
 No, no, thank you. 
 Well, I'm here... 
 (snorting) 
 Oh, hello, old friend. 
 Is it him? 
 If it's him, say the phrase. 
 I know how this works. 
 Something I find hard to fathom... 
 Rembrandt and Vermeer, two masters of the Dutch golden age living less than 50 miles away from each other, and yet they never met. 
 The world must have seemed so impossibly big. 
 Yet here we are, two masters from opposite sides of the globe standing face to face. 
 The world is much smaller now. 
 Perhaps too small for the both of us. 
 What are you doing? Take the gun out of his mouth! 
 These paintings are fakes. 
 We gotta take the room. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 He hasn't said the phrase yet. 
 He hasn't confirmed that it's Ahktar. 
 Well, it's a bit hard with a gun in his mouth, isn't it? 
 You guys might want to come and see this. 
 Four real serious gentlemen headed up to the penthouse in the north elevator. 
 We're pulling them out. 
 Let's go. 
 We stole these from Randall Turner, the perpetrator of the Gardner heist. 
 Mm. 
 These are real. 
 Mm. 
 Please, look again. 
 You think I'm stupid? 
 Dotcom : Mm-mm. 
 I don't need to look twice at second-rate forgeries. 
 Get down! ISI! Down! 
 You're working for ISI? 
 Get down! Get down! 
 Who? 
 Mm! Mm! 
 Put your weapons down! Put 'em down! 
 Ally : Put your hands up! Put your hands up! 
 Weller : Drop your weapon! 
 (woman screaming, machine gun fire) 
 Mustard on the beat, ho! Mustard on the beat, ho! 
 Code phrase, code phrase! Aah! 
 Gah! 
 You know, these stairs go down, too. 
 Why are we bothering to chase this guy? 
 Throw it away. 
 Go on! 
 Let's go. 
 On your knees, both of you. 
 Maybe we should get out of here. You might have a... a rat back there. 
 (gunshot) 
 Oh... Oh! 
 (groaning loudly) 
 Oh, man, that hurts! 
 You're the rat. 
 And after tonight, everyone will know. 
 You're finished! 
 Okay, at least spare the lady, okay? 
 She's just an innocent hooker I picked up on the way over here. 
 I have very few friends in this world. 
 It fills me with great sadness that I'll now have one less. 
 (clicking) 
 Looks like you left it all on the dance floor, hey, bro? 
 ♪♪ 
 (machine gun fire) 
 Aah! 
 Wait. If these guys are ISI... 
 Pakistani Intelligence. 
 (groaning) 
 (speaking Urdu) 
 Rich! 
 Stay back! 
 Rich, what are you doing? 
 Get down from there! 
 Stay back! 
 Put your guns down! 
 man : Hold your fire! We're ISI! 
 Who tipped them off? 
 Rich. 
 You two, secure this room. 
 You're with me. 
 Don't take another step, Jane! 
 Rich, get down from there! 
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... 
 It's too late. 
 Ahktar was right, I'm a dead man. 
 I can't go back to prison. 
 Snitches get stitches. You heard that, right? 
 No? 
 I'm a bird... and birds are meant to fly. 
 How much coke have you had? 
 Rich! Get back in here! 
 Get off the ledge, Rich! 
 Don't move! Don't take another step! 
 You nearly had us killed down there! 
 Jane, listen to me. 
 Life is short, you follow your heart. 
 You tell Weller how you feel! 
 That's it. 
 Jane : Rich! 
 No! 
 Rich! 
 (fabric flapping) 
 What the hell just happened? 
 We just got played. 
 (laughing) 
 Whoo, hoo-hoo! 
 Oh, my God, that was exhilarating! 
 You got 'em? 
 Oh, no, the paintings! 
 Yes, I have them. 
 Oh, God, you're bleeding. 
 And you're beautiful. 
 Now let's get the hell out of here. 
 (engine starts) 
 Let's get a little music going. 
 Ah, I'm the DJ. 
 A parachute? 
 We think it was built into his tux. 
 We searched his belongings for... explosives and computer equipment. 
 We weren't looking for hidden parachutes. 
 Rich was the one decoding Ahktar's Squancher messages, so he lied about the Gatsby party so he could wear it. Yeah, but how'd he know we'd bring his entire storage locker to him? 
 He didn't. He gambled. And as we all know, he's pretty comfortable taking risks. 
 What about the paintings? 
 The Degas was real. Why were the others fakes? 
 They weren't, until Crab scanned them, which I was very strongly against, if you'll recall, and he was very particular about what order we did them in. 
 He must have been switching them out. 
 Bringing Crab in was my idea. 
 Was it? 
 Patterson : There's maybe five people in the world who can restore them. 
 (scoffs) 
 I bet he even planned the beating that started this whole thing. 
 Thank you so much for this. 
 Thank you. 
 I'd beat your ass for free. 
 (chuckling) 
 This whole thing was an elaborate prison break. 
 And a second Gardner heist. 
 Well, at least we got Sho Ahktar. 
 But did we? 
 We got no photos of him. 
 A poor voice recording. 
 And the only guy that claims that he can identify Ahktar is Rich. 
 What's Ahktar saying? 
 That he's not Ahktar. 
 We got played. 
 Just like I said that we would. 
 This guy's the dumbest genius or the smartest idiot I've ever met. 
 All right, let's call it a night. 
 All right. 
 So we gonna wash this day away with some nice scotch? 
 I think I'm gonna pass. 
 Why? Hang on. 
 Because of what Rich said on the roof? 
 He was just trying to throw us all off-balance. 
 It's not about what he said, all right? 
 It's about what I saw. 
 And what'd you see? 
 There's something between you and Jane, okay? 
 I don't know what it is. 
 I don't know if you know what it is, but... don't make me feel crazy by pretending it's not there. 
 I think I need some space. 
 (knocking at door) 
 Marcus : Come on in. 
 How'd you make out? 
 I'm afraid there's just not much photo to enhance. 
 Okay. Well, thanks for trying. 
 Hey, I've got a colleague in Denmark. 
 He's working on some new optic software. 
 Could I send it to him? 
 Can he be discreet? 
 He can. 
 This still mean I get my dinner? 
 Of course. 
 You should... 
 You should bring someone. 
 Sofia would want you... 
 Good night, Marcus. 
 Hey. 
 Dad. 
 What are you doing here so late? 
 Someone wanted to come in and say hello to you. 
 Hi. 
 Taylor? 
 It's you, isn't it? 
 It's nice to meet you. 
 Don't you remember me? 
 Of course I do. 
 Dad... Dad! 
 It's all right. It's all right. 
 I... It's all right. I'm all right, all right. 
 In a bit of pain? 
 Yeah. 
 Just rest. 
 (sighs) 
 Okay. 
 (softly) Just rest. 
 Did you remember him? 
 Were you just saying that? 
 Did we, uh... 
 Did we used to go fishing... on a bridge over a stream? 
 Yeah... we did. 
 Anderson Creek. 
 You remember that? 
 When I saw his face, I... 
 Thank you, Jane. 
 Thank you for coming to see him. 
 It means a lot. 
 (car door opens) 
 (sighs) 
 (cell phone ringing) 
 That's crazy, I was just thinking about you. 
 You were? 
 Well, I'm actually coming into New York next week,  so I was hoping... 
 I... I guess I was hoping, too. 
 Why don't you call me when you get into town and maybe we can grab a drink and talk? 
 You know we're talking now, right? 
 You don't know me very well yet, but this is a big enough step for me tonight. 
 Believe me. 
 Okay. 
 (giggles) 
 Well, uh, I'll see you soon. 
 Bye. 
 (door opening) 
 Bethany, don't shoot. 
 It's me. 
 Put the gun down, Bethany. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 