Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Cease Forcing Enemy - Blindspot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Cease Forcing Enemy https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=390&t=25673 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/01/16 02:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Cease Forcing Enemy 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 announcer : Previously on "Blindspot"... 
 She can't remember who she is, where she came from, nothing before she crawled out of that bag in Times Square. 
 Patterson : All of her tattoos are brand-new. 
 Weller : It's a treasure map. 
 Mayfair : These tattoos are leading us to increasingly dangerous places. 
 Jane : Every time we get close to something real, it just slips through my fingers. 
 Patterson : You can't have this outside my apartment, I'm not even supposed to have this inside my apartment. 
 Mayfair : Those tattoos contain classified intelligence. 
 You put a civilian at great risk. 
 This is a surveillance device, and I want it inside Jane's safe house. 
 No. 
 You don't say no to me. 
 Jane : I wanted a moment that was just us. 
 Sorry we have to meet again. 
 (gunshots) 
 Who are you? What is that? 
 If you're watching this, the mission is going as planned. 
 And I know that you want to find out who did this to you. 
 You did this to yourself. (needles whirring) ♪♪ (machine buzzing) Borden : You don't seem like yourself today. Jane? Jane :  You did this to yourself. Oscar will tell you the rest as you need to know it. I know how hard this must be for you. But you can trust him. After all... he's following your orders. Good luck. (knife slices, Jane grunts) Don't do anything stupid. I'm here to help you. (grunts) (gunshots) (Oscar grunting) (gunshot) Now, you don't want to do that. I'm on your side. I don't believe you. Why would I do this? I can't tell you that yet. What is my real name? Am I Taylor Shaw? Just pu... put the gun down. (gunshot) I want answers. Your colleagues, the FBI, they're into some very, very terrible things. No... they're good people and they are my friends. Friends don't imprison you. Friends don't let the CIA capture you and torture you. They had nothing to do with this. No? No. And I'm not a prisoner. Really? Ask them to lift your detail... to stop monitoring you 24 hours a day. See what your friends say then. We used to know each other before. Yes. We were engaged. You remember? Well, we thought you... Just fragments, but... I remember you. Why did we end it? Was it because of this, whatever this is? You left very clear instructions about how this was all gonna work. I'll tell you everything in time, but there are rules, a playbook. We've got to stick to the plan. Or I could just strap you to that table over there and get the truth out of you right now. No, that's not you. You don't know me anymore. I know you better than anyone. Now, you need to get back to the safe house before they realize you're gone. There's an old transmission tower by the water on Thornton. Get 'em to drop your detail... and I'll meet you on the roof. Do that... I'll tell you who you are. Borden : You need to talk to me, Jane. Look, I know it's frustrating, working so hard and feeling like you're no closer to the truth. Yeah, I'm... But we are making progress. Now, the last time we spoke, we discussed setting clearer boundaries with Agent Weller. How's that been going? Good. Is there... something you'd like to talk about? No. (indistinct chatter) Mayfair : No... thank you. You got a second, boss? That was the CIA. Assistant Director Carter is missing, presumed dead. What? They found his car on a bridge in New Jersey, doors open, his ID laid out on his seat. Suicide? That's what someone wants us to think. Who'd want him dead? "Who wouldn't" might be a shorter list. What did you need? No... I just answered my own question. Morning. Morning. Jane. We should probably talk about last night and obviously... not here. I don't think we should follow my tattoos anymore. Why? These cases keep getting more and more dangerous. They already got David killed. I mean, how much longer till someone else gets hurt? What about all the good that we've done, all right? And not to mention the fact these tattoos are the only way of figuring out who did this to you. I just... if something happened to you... I know what I signed up for. We all know the risks. If you don't want to come out in the field with us anymore... No, no, that's not... (sighs) Don't you ever worry that we're playing right into their hands? Patterson : Hey. Uh, you're gonna want to see this. I thought you were taking some time. I did. Patterson... I don't need time or space. I just need to do my job, okay? Okay. So what do you got? I couldn't sleep last night because I kept remembering this number game that we... Um, anyway. So this ring of numbers is on Jane's upper thigh. And it's pi. Only it's not pi, some of the pieces are missing. And... oh... (chuckling) "Pieces of pi." Anyway, here's where the gaps are. Now take the missing numbers, bunch of gobbledygook, until you take up these dots and arrows from underneath the numbers... Latitude and longitude. Exactly. The Dark Isles, a chain of uninhabited islands in the Black Sea. What's there? Behinds a dead platinum mine, nothing. Can NRO give us some more recent satellite images? You're looking at it. Apparently, it's not exactly a high priority. I've expedited clearance through the State Department to investigate. An FBI attaché will meet you in Ankara, Turkey, and escort you to the island. Our jet is waiting for you at JFK. All right, grab your go-bags. Uh... we can handle this, all right, if you want to sit this one out. Not a chance. ♪♪ I got through to Mayfair, she wants an update every four hours. Weller : This place has an airstrip? The mining companies built it back in the '80s before they moved out. That's when the pirates moved in. This island is basically a safe port if the waters get too rough for them. But they use it too inconsistently for the government to really do anything about it. So it's basically uninhabited. Even the birds don't like here. Hey, you okay? (sputtering) Yeah, uh, probably just from the dry air on the plane. The coordinates put us right here. This is what they want us to see. (door creaking) It's an MD 83. That tail number. Yeah. What's going on? Reade : Three months ago, a commercial plane vanished into thin air between Istanbul and New York. They assumed it crashed into the ocean, but they never found any wreckage. Are you saying this... This is the plane. We just found Pan-Asian flight 921. ♪♪♪♪♪♪ Reade : Everything's still here. It's like they all vanished. What the hell happened here? Weller : Must've been hijacked. But where are all the passengers? Why hijack a plane just to abandoned it in the middle of nowhere? Weller : Berat, I'm gonna need to use your satphone. Turkish Army needs to search this island for survivors. It won't work in the hanger. We'll need to get a good line of sight. (whispers) Hey. Is Jane okay? She seems a little off. Weller : I asked her if she wants to sit this one out. She said, "No." Jane's tough, she's never gonna sit herself out. I'm just starting to see some cracks. If we push her too hard, she'll break. (shouting in foreign language) Weller : Berat, what are they saying? I don't know, they're not speaking Turkish. man : Stop talking! FBI? FBI? I'm from Turkey. These are my guests. We were just doing a survey of the island... (gunshot) You are FBI, huh? Yes, we're FBI. And who are you? (speaks foreign language) Good day, Assistant Director Mayfair. Chief Inspector Fischer, this can't be good. This unfounded negativity that you're directing towards the Office of Professional Responsibility, it's... it's poor leadership, Bethany. My negativity isn't unfounded and it's not directed towards the Office of Professional Responsibility. What do you want, Jonas? I don't want anything. This is just a friendly heads-up to let you know that I'm opening an inquiry into the death of David Wagner. That case was resolved. Hmm. The perpetrators of the crime were identified, but Mr. Wagner died as a direct result of his unsanctioned involvement in a classified FBI case. One of my agents consulted him. Yes, consulted him, a civilian. And you consented to this? Yes. It's also come to my attention that Special Agent Patterson removed several highly classified files from this office illegally and left them in Mr. Wagner's possession. It's a little more complicated than that. That's why my investigation is going to be extremely thorough. You know, I'm a little concerned that you don't seem to see the gravity of these infractions. Patterson is a good agent. A good agent who got her boyfriend killed. Hmm... Well, if Agent Patterson's available, I'd like to get started. Let me talk to her first. No. That's not how this works. (electricity crackles) How did you know of this place? Brave FBI man, huh? How do you know of this place? (electricity crackles) (electricity crackles) (screaming) (Zapata shrieking) You don't answer, they pay. I'm gonna kill you. How do you know of this place? (electricity crackles) (grunting) Is there anyone else with you? (electricity crackles) What do you know about our mission, hmm? (electricity crackles) (Zapata yelps) Who knows you're here, huh?! You do. (electricity crackles) (Zapata shrieks) Uhh! Oh! Turkish coffee? No. You know, I've had the warm water they call coffee here. This is far superior, believe me. Uh, I'm... I'm fine. Mmm. Let me start by saying that what happened to Mr. Wagner was a terrible tragedy. And, what's worse, it was a tragedy that was completely avoidable. So I hope you can appreciate that it's my job to make sure something like this never happens again. Let's start with the basics. When was the first time you removed classified documents from the FBI's New York Office, what did you do with these documents once you removed them, and were you aware at the time that you were breaking federal law? I mean, look... everyone brings their work home with them sometimes. They do? Who else is bringing classified documents home with them? No, I just... You just said that everyone brings their work home with them sometimes. Can you give me some examples? Then would you like to revise your statement? Let's try again. When was the first time you removed classified documents from the FBI's New York Office, where did you store these documents once you removed them, and were you aware at the time that you were breaking federal law? Weller : "Final preparations." You sure that's what they said? Pretty sure, my Urdu's okay, not great. That flag in the room back there, that was Dabbur Zann. The fist, the wasp... it's gotta be them. The ones who were trying to make the dirty bomb back in New York? That's what they're doing here? I don't know. But they hate that U.S. is meddling in the Middle East. They vowed to burn us down. Whatever it is they have planned, it's not gonna be good for us. We've gotta to stop them. Sure, let's get right on that. (men shouting in Urdu) Oh, my God. The passengers. They're still alive. ♪♪ Do you speak English? I do. My name is Kurt Weller. I'm Special Agent with the FBI. This is my team. I'm Sergeant Mike Simms, NYPD. How did you know we were here? We didn't. We're investigating some suspicious activity on the island. And they captured you. Yeah. Why are they keeping you here? It's my fault. Susan... My name is Dr. Susan Albright. I'm an aerospace engineer. My team was on its way back from a conference in Istanbul, where we presented our research in the field of micro-satellites. Micro-satellites? Small, cube-like orbital devices. 3-D printing makes them easy to manufacture and extremely cheap to launch. And the Dabbur Zann want the technology. They're forcing us to make hundreds of those things in a factory they've retrofitted nearby. Any idea on what they were working on? Yeah, they want to located and disable the U.S. military's GPS satellites. What? From the ground, the military satellites are impenetrable. But from low orbit... Right. These little cubesats can get within range to generate a mini-EMP, which would cause a total shutdown. What does that mean? If our GPS goes down, the entire U.S. armed forces is working in the dark. We'd never see an attack coming. And you can just launch these satellites from the ground? No, you have to get closer to the stratosphere. The plane. Yeah. They got their hands on a Pegasus rocket. They're planning to attach it to the plane's fuselage. The plane would get it up to 60,000 feet, the rocket would do the rest. That's why we're still here. (pen clicking) Just one more time... it was your decision to terminate your relationship with Mr. Wagner, is that correct? And it was at this point that you ceased sharing confidential information with him? Yeah. After Mayfair caught us in the library, I didn't share another photo or file with him again. Sorry... Assistant Director Mayfair? I... Uh, Assistant Director Mayfair caught you sharing information with David Wagner at the Brooklyn Historical Society, is that right? I mean... yes. So... up until that point, she had no prior knowledge of you consulting with Mr. Wagner about these classified documents. She... she didn't know. No, absolutely not. I did this on my own, she had nothing to do with it. Thank you. So you're saying they're gonna try to launch as soon as possible? That's what it sounded like. Once they launch, they'll have no further reason to keep you alive. All right, we got to make a play and we have to do it now. Has anyone tried to escape? I got as far as the water once, but without a boat... Even if there was somewhere to swim to, uh, the water's freezing. You'd die of hypothermia inside of 15 minutes. We also tried to cobble together a satphone with parts smuggled out of the factory. It was crude, only able to send messages in Morse code. How far did you get? Not far enough. All we needed was a power source. My husband was caught trying to steal a battery. They... they shot him on sight. And they marched the rest of us outside... ...and they shot the entire flight crew right in front of us. (machine gun fire) Said they'd kill twice as many people the next time anyone tried anything. Hadn't been much appetite for resistance since then. I know that everyone's scared, all right? But if we do nothing, we're all gonna die. You said you got out once. Can you do it again? Yeah. We loosened the bars on one of the windows. What about that satphone you were working on? Do you still have it? Yeah. We need to get to a power source. The cattle prod. Weller : We know where that is. Now, we just got to get it. How many guards are outside? Only about a dozen or so, but they're well trained and armed to the teeth. I'll go. I'll go with you. I'll go too. Mike... I know the layout of the island, their patterns. I can help. Tasha, make sure that satphone's ready to go the second we get back with the battery. On it. Let me go with you. These people are gonna need you if we don't make it back. Make it back. 
 
 ♪♪ (indistinct chatter) Can I ask you something? These satellites they want you to build, if you're successful, thousands of lives could be lost. I dragged my feet at first. I thought maybe I could buy us time to escape or get rescued. But when they killed my husband, the flight crew... after that... Everyone here is here because of me. I'll do whatever I have to to keep them alive. I know that sounds crazy, but... it is the only thing that makes sense to me. That's not crazy. (whispers) Whoa, whoa. (Weller whispering) What are we supposed to do, wait 'em out? We haven't got the time. We can't take 'em out, it's too risky. So is doing nothing. Where'd he go? Reade : What's he doing in there? Nothing we can stop now. (banging on wall) I'll draw him away. Get Mike and that battery back to Tasha now! (shouts in Urdu) (machine gun fire) (shouts in Urdu) He's been captured? Is he... I don't know. I'll go back for him. Hold on, hold on, he's buying us some time, okay? Let's use it. It's on. Who do we call? both : Patterson. Remember, we can only use basic tones, so a brief Morse code message is probably our best shot. Okay, so start with: F-B-I-N-Y-O Tat S-O-S. And then, uh... and then: P-A 921 found. (satphone clicking) man : Go! Move! Move! FBI, step forward! Get up! Out of the way, move, go! (satphone clicking) FBI, step forward! Get out of the way, move! (satphone clicking) (men shouting) Where is FBI? You come with us now! (knife sharpening) Ohh! Reade : Now I know why they kept us alive. So the whole world could see us die. (knife sharpening) Mayfair : They missed their scheduled check-in. So I need you to send a team to the island to make sure that they're all right. Just do it. I'm suspending Agent Patterson, effective immediately. Absolutely not. Her actions resulted in a man's death. She's not responsible for what happened to that boy. It doesn't matter. The moment she left this office with those files, she broke the law. She had my permission. Did she? Because that's not what she told me. So, who's lying, your agent... or you? (chuckles softly) You know, Jonas, you're never gonna be the head of the NYO. That's a bit of a non-sequitur, Bethany. You think I don't know you've been campaigning internally? Trying to line up allies. But first, you need me out of the way. So if I was fired and disgraced, then you could really make a move, couldn't you? Hmph. You looked surprised. Yet another reason why you'll never sit in this chair. Agent Patterson is suspended. If you don't like it, take it up with the Director. (door closes) Read it. Read the card! (grunts) You read it or you die. Weller : Either way... I die. I'm not reading that. Then one of your friends will... after they see you die slow! I'll read it. I'll read it. (gunshots) (grunting) (overlapping grunts and shouts) All right. Better get back to the barracks. (man shouting in Urdu) Oh, God... they're going execute them. Four guards, one on each side of the passengers, two down the middle. (men shouting in Urdu) (whispers) Far right. Far left, left. I'll take the middle. Three, two, one. (guards shout, passengers scream) Mike : They took Susan. Zapata : They're gonna launch the satellites. We gotta stop that plane. Use that. Shoot anyone that's not us. Come on, it's a long way to the runway. ♪♪ man : Open! Open! Hold. All right, cover me. Moving. (men shouting) (machine gun fire) How many of them are there? I don't know. There's more coming! (man shouting in Urdu) (engine humming) Reade : It's the passengers. What are they doing?! They're gonna get themselves killed. Giving us a window. Jane : To do what? Weller : To get on that plane! Uhh! (grunting) (engines whooshing) Agh! man : Why hasn't the rocket fired? We're not high enough yet. (grunts) You all right? I'm fine, but we got to find a way to stop this thing. Why? You can't shutdown the rocket? No, it's programmed to auto-launch. The controls are in the cockpit. They just had me here as a safeguard in case something went wrong. We need to get into the cockpit. We can't... those doors are impenetrable. Wait, so when the plane hits 60,000 feet... The rocket launches. And there's no way to stop it? Not from out here. I got an idea. This plane disappeared from traffic control three months ago. Everyone assumed it went down in the ocean. When they couldn't find any debris, they figured the transponder had been turned off. So if we turn it back on... Yeah, hopefully someone can see where we are. Doc, give us a hand, which one is the transponder? Here, it's off. (beeps) Can I go now? Oh, absolutely. I'm suspending you indefinitely, effective immediately. What? No. I'll need your weapon, your badge, your credentials. Please, just wait. Wait? For what? Look, you're obviously very smart, probably remotely competent, but you're reckless. You got your boyfriend killed. Those mistakes don't just get forgiven. I'm not asking for forgiveness. (sighs) I will never forgive myself for what happened. (sniffles) Ugh. Please just... If I'm gonna be able to keep going, I need to find the people who did this, the people who tattooed Jane. Please. This job is all that I have. No. It's all you  had. I need you in the lab. No, stop, Agent Patterson is suspended. Her suspension can wait. Bethany! It's Assistant Director Mayfair, Jonas. I run the New York Office of the FBI, and I need my agent. You got a problem with that, you can write me up. Let's go. It just started coming in over your office line. Sounds like it's on a loop. (rhythmic beeping) It's Morse code. Mayfair : Well, I know that, but what's it saying? "F-B-I. N-Y-O. T-A-T. S-O-S." The team is in trouble. (beeping continues) "P-A. 921... F-O-U-N-D." What does it mean? PA 921, PA 921. Why does that s... Oh, my God. Pan-Asian 921. What? Hang on. (computer beeps) Its transponder just came back online. That's impossible. It's flying over the Dark Isles right now, the same exact spot that we sent the team. 42,000 feet and climbing. Susan : All right, I think they can see us now. But what now? We're still... we're still climbing. Look. Whoa, whoa. This is not good. What? The McDonnell Douglas 83s are only rated up until 45,000 feet. PA 921 just crossed 50. Something's not right. Well, can we contact them? Already working on it. We're getting dangerously close to 60,000 feet. We got to do something. All right. One shot in the fuel tank. That'll cause an explosion big enough to bring this plane down. Jane... I'm sorry that I brought you here, all right? I chose this life, you didn't. You never had a choice. Yes, I did. Kurt, I... I'm sorry. Patterson :  PA 921, this is Special Agent Patterson from the FBI New York Office, do you copy? We copy, Patterson, this is Weller. Weller, what the hell is going on? It's a long story... basically, we have to stop this plane hitting 60,000 feet. Okay, not a problem, the Air Force is looped in. Are you in the cockpit? No, been locked out. We're in the avionics bay. Oh, man. Okay, we need to get you in there. Uh... I have a really bad idea that I think will work. Okay, so what's the plan? I'm gonna walk you through shutting the engines off. You're gonna what?! (fuselage shuddering, instruments beeping) Get up, now! (muttering) Come on, come on, come on... Okay, let's give them the power back. Weller : There you go. All yours. I... I didn't... Listen, the engines didn't start back up again. Patterson... the engines didn't come back on. Okay, um, there's a knob on the center console that says, "Engine." Turn it clockwise to "I-N-G Start." There you go. Jane : Okay, they still didn't start. I mean, we were basically pulling wires down to get the plane to shut off. We probably shorted them out. Patterson! I mean, I told you this was a terrible idea. Okay, I'm gonna try to pull up. Wait! Wait! Don't pull up. What? Why? You're not that far from the runway. It's basically right below you. The plane was traveling up so fast, you haven't flown that far. Weller :  So? Okay, okay, uh, we keep descending, you keep your knots up, you glide into position, pull the nose up, and extend the gear at the last second. Weller :  And that's gonna work? My dad was a pilot, not a pro or anything like that, but he taught me a lot of... Listen,  fixed wing planes like this can glide pretty steady as long as they keep descending. You're so high up, you can glide back onto the runway. Let me just... uh... (Patterson sputters) Yes, you can for sure maintain enough air speed. I did the math. How? Where? In my head, where math is done. Please, don't interrupt. Jane :  Okay, look, I...  I might be able to fly a plane, but how do you know that I can land this exact one? Jane, a plane is a plane is a plane. If you've ever landed one, you can land this one. You can do this, all right? Flying this big ol' bird, much easier than flying that chopper. Checked the bodies, no phones, no radios. Nothing yet. Look! It's coming in way too steep. Patterson :  Not yet. Not yet. Come on. (Jane panting) Not yet. Okay, now, pull up. (straining) (alarms sounding) I don't think we're gonna make it. (loud crash) Patterson :  Break, break, break. (straining) (tires screeching) (room cheering) Good job. (nervous chuckle) No one does what she does. She's not perfect, none of us are, but she stays. Well, there it is, the beginning of your end. Good night, Bethany. (TV on mute) You're back. Yeah, I just got in. It's all over the news, the plane, the passengers back home, a deadly attack averted. Not bad for a couple of days work. You should all take the day, go home, get some rest. I'd like to, um... I have a request. A request? I was wondering if we could drop my detail. I mean, I'm not under arrest, right? I'm not in custody. I'm risking my life with everyone else. And I think I've proven my loyalty by now. That detail is for your protection. It should be my choice. I think I've earned that. All right. If you continue to stay in the safe house, I'll drop your detail as long as you understand the risks. I do. Thank you. Mayfair told me she lifted your detail. Yeah. I, um... I requested it. Jane, you and I, we need to sort out some things. There's a park, it's at the end of my street. Meet me there at 10:00. (whispers) Kurt. Zapata : You're crazy, Lauren B. is gonna go all the way. See you three tomorrow. See ya. ♪♪ I was starting wonder if you were ever gonna show. You were wrong, they lifted my detail. Oh, yeah. Why'd you take four subways and three taxis to get here? They were tailing you. Apparently so were you. I had to be sure you weren't followed. They're scared of you. And they should be. Am I really Taylor Shaw? Yes. What happened to me after I was taken? Where have I been for the last 25 years? We need to learn to trust each other again. And how do we do that? Slowly. I have missions for you. Some small, some big. Things that move us closer to our objectives. You show me you can be trusted, I'll tell you everything you want to know. No. There's some part of you that knows I'm right. There's a part of you that... that doesn't trust them. Otherwise, you wouldn't be here. I'm never going to hurt them. And I'm never going to put them in danger. I know it's hard for you to imagine right now, but we, you, me, the people we work with, we're the good guys. Soon you'll come to see that. Maybe. But if we move forward, we do this on my terms. You still don't get it, do you? These are your terms. This is all your plan. And it's time to get started. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 