Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Swift Hardhearted Stone - Blindspot 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Swift Hardhearted Stone https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=390&t=26978 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/16 03:07 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Swift Hardhearted Stone 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪♪ 
 I need new passports. I need to secure a safe passage into another country. 
 I need... 
 Money... you came back to me because you need money. 
 I love you, Bethany. 
 But I had to run, and if you were smart, you would do the same. 
 I don't run. 
 Thanks for meeting me up here. 
 What is this place? 
 The woman upstairs is a retired record producer. 
 She puts up some of the old jazz musicians who come through town. 
 Turns into a bit of a jam session. 
 Real hard to get tickets. 
 (distant jazz music playing) 
 This song, uh... I know it from somewhere. 
 You were never really into jazz until we got together. 
 My mother died when I was a kid and her albums are all I really had of her growing up, so... 
 I'd listen to them over and over and they just... they became a part of me. 
 Music was important to me, so... it became important to you. 
 You said you wanted me to open up more, tell you about our past. 
 What? 
 It's just... 
 How do I know you're telling me the truth? 
 It's the truth. 
 Then I need to meet the others. 
 If we're all part of this organization, there are more of us. 
 I want to talk to them. 
 For you. 
 Another mission. 
 Stick it into any FBI computer. 
 It'll do the rest. 
 What will it do? 
 Copy some files we need. 
 I don't know about this. 
 It'll be undetectable. 
 We just need to get behind the firewall. 
 When the light turns from red to green, it's done. 
 I know it's hard for you to trust me. 
 But there was a time when you trusted me more than anyone. 
 I promise we'll get back there. 
 I should go. 
 Yeah. Yeah. 
 Morning. 
 Morning. 
 Uno Attack? (chuckles) 
 Sounds intense. 
 Yeah. 
 Sawyer is the reigning champ in our house. 
 Must be killing you not to be the best at something. 
 Don't you worry. 
 I'm gonna knock that kid off his throne tonight. 
 I'm subbing in for my dad. 
 How is he? 
 He's not great, really. 
 The doctors think that he doesn't have much time. 
 I'm sorry. 
 He's fighting a good fight, though. 
 He's determined. Stubborn as hell. 
 Always has been. 
 Sounds a little like someone I know. 
 You're welcome to join tonight. 
 Sawyer's picking dinner, so it's either gonna be pizza or hot dogs with hush puppies. 
 That sounds like fun. I'll think about it. 
 Okay. 
 (door closes) 
 You asked for a psych consultant. 
 Oh, yeah, a young patient came in this morning. 
 She was found wandering the streets of Chelsea, covered in blood. 
 There's been no missing person's reports yet. 
 What has she told you? 
 Well, that's the problem. 
 There doesn't seem to be anything medically wrong with her, but she's not speaking. 
 Hello. I'm Robert. 
 What's your name? 
 Do you know where your family is? 
 What's the extent of her injuries? 
 She had some pretty deep cuts, possibly from metal or glass. 
 We've given her a tetanus shot as a precaution. 
 Borden : This picture, what does it mean? 
 Do you recognize it? 
 I've seen it before. 
 Patterson : This sketch is an exact match with one of Jane's tattoos. 
 It's the crest for the Ahmadi family of Syria. 
 The Ahmadis run a highly secretive, highly organized terrorist organization. 
 They're responsible for deadly attacks in Syria, Yemen, and Egypt. 
 Mayfair : This makes sense. We received intel the three members of Ahmadi family entered the U.S. on false papers. 
 The potential for a terror attack has Homeland Security on alert. 
 What  do  we know about them? 
 The leader is Tarek Ahmadi. 
 He's number five on the FBI's most wanted list. 
 The SEALS staged a raid on an Ahmadi family compound six months ago. 
 They killed Tarek's brother, Zahid. 
 But the organization still largely remains a mystery. 
 How could the little girl have seen this family crest before? 
 She must have had some kind of interaction with the Ahmadis or at least been exposed to that symbol. 
 She's just a kid. 
 So they could be planning some grassroots terror attack. 
 What about the notebook? 
 Her drawings are extraordinarily detailed. 
 If she's sketching the crest, perhaps there's other valuable intel in there. 
 Well, I explained to Patterson earlier that the girl has a very severe form of autism. 
 So taking away the one familiar object she has would be harmful at this stage. 
 I will get the notebook, but it needs to be on her terms. 
 We need to talk to this little girl. 
 We need to find out where she's from... more importantly, how she's connected to the Ahmadis. 
 Mayfair : This girl could be the key to stopping an imminent terrorist attack on U.S. soil. 
 We need to get through to her and we need to do it now. 
 Unfortunately, that's not gonna be so easy. 
 Can you tell me, do you have any brothers or sisters? 
 What about your mom and dad? 
 Tarek Ahmadi... is your dad? 
 ♪♪ 
 This is Russell Franklin, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs. 
 He's been tracking the Ahmadi family for several years. 
 We just got avuncular DNA results back. 
 They confirm the little girl is Tarek Ahmadi's daughter. 
 If that's the case, her name is Maya. 
 Ahmadi only has one daughter her age. 
 Where's her mother? 
 Yes, Nermin Ahmadi, Tarek's fifth wife. 
 Her whereabouts are unknown. 
 And what about siblings? Or anyone who can look after her? 
 Just the maternal grandmother we're trying to locate in Syria. 
 Well, it makes sense she'd understand English. 
 The daughter of Tarek Ahmadi would have had the best tutors. 
 Three Ahmadi men recently entered the U.S.... 
 Amar, Riham, and Asil. 
 Nermin and Maya must have slipped through our borders with them. 
 But why bring a child? 
 I don't know. 
 But this many Ahmadis in the U.S. is a very disturbing development. 
 They wouldn't take that risk unless an attack was coming. 
 We need to find out where Maya was before she was discovered. 
 It could be where the clan was hiding. 
 Finding that might be the only way to stop this attack before it happens. 
 Doc, can you think of any way to break through to her? 
 Well, I haven't had much luck with traditional methods of therapy. 
 But I might have an idea. 
 That's all right. You can touch 'em. 
 Some of these look like the pictures you draw. 
 I was lost once, too. 
 I sat in this very room and I was all alone. 
 I didn't know where I was or how I got here. 
 All I wanted was to go home. 
 I want you to know that you can trust us. 
 These people, they've been helping me. 
 And they can help you, too. 
 This is my sketchbook. 
 I draw when I'm scared and when I'm happy, too. 
 It helps me think. 
 Do you want to have a look? 
 I promise you'll be safe now. 
 I won't let anything bad happen to you. 
 But we... we need to take a look at  your  sketchbook. 
 Borden : Would you let us borrow it? 
 Just for a little while. 
 Thank you. 
 My team's been analyzing Maya's sketches. 
 She obviously has a photographic memory. 
 All right, so what did you find? 
 We think her pictures must contain clues to where she's been. 
 We've been trying to identify any markers or hidden messages. 
 Mayfair : Go through every drawing. 
 Somewhere in that book there must be a clue to the Ahmadis' attack plan. 
 Zapata : We've got something. 
 The portraits in the sketchbook were so detailed, we were able to run them through facial rec. 
 Got a hit... Jeremy Rance, an American journalist who lives in Brooklyn. 
 He wrote a "Vanity Fair" article last year on Cabrera, the leader of Venezuela's Costeno cartel. 
 I remember, he was brought in for questioning after having several meetings with Cabrera on U.S. soil. 
 Landed up on all the watch lists. 
 Rance has a rock-star following. 
 He was on the cover of "Men's Health," "Esquire." 
 He gave a TED talk. 
 Some fun facts... he's a former amateur boxer and a self-proclaimed adrenaline junkie. 
 Sounds like a jackass. 
 Reade : Pretty much. 
 If Maya sketched his face, she must have met him or at least seen him. 
 Maybe Rance was interviewing members of her family. 
 He was suspected of helping Cabrera come into the U.S. 
 He could have helped the little girl and other Ahmadi family members come stateside, too. 
 If that's the case, he'd know where she was and where her family's hiding. 
 Zapata : And he might know something about the upcoming attack. 
 Bring him in. 
 I'm really sorry, but I can't discuss the Ahmadi family without compromising my sources. 
 Have you ever been to Syria? 
 I have. Lovely people. 
 Amazing fatteh. 
 All right, just to be clear, you will spend the rest of your life in prison if we find out you've been withholding information that could prevent a terror attack. 
 You could be putting hundreds of innocent civilians' lives at risk. 
 Gotcha. Solid tip. 
 We have a little girl in custody. 
 Do you have any idea who she is? 
 No. 
 ♪♪ 
 Weller : That's Thai writing on those signs. 
 Maybe she traveled to Thailand at some point. 
 Those buildings look like New York. 
 Weller : There's a big Thai community in Hell's Kitchen now. 
 Do you think that's where the Ahmadis are hiding out? 
 Wait, wait, I know that restaurant. 
 It's on 47th and 9th. 
 We don't know how long we have before these guys strike. 
 Let's go. 
 It's a perfect replica down to every last brick on the buildings. 
 Except it doesn't pinpoint an exact address. 
 It could be any one of these buildings. 
 All right, well, let's start asking around. 
 Weller : Broken glass... from that window. 
 And the barbed wire up there. 
 Maya had cuts all over her arms and legs. 
 This could be where the Ahmadi cell is camped out. 
 Weller, low voice : Watch it, watch it. 
 Play outside, play outside, play outside. 
 Jane : Go outside. 
 Get outside. 
 Jane : It's okay. 
 ♪♪ 
 Clear. 
 Clear! 
 Clear. 
 In here! 
 ♪♪ 
 This looks to be Nermin Ahmadi, Maya's mother. 
 She matches a surveillance photo the State Department has on file. 
 I just hope Maya didn't see anything before she escaped. 
 Weller : I talked to the landlord. 
 Nermin and Maya arrived yesterday. 
 Paid the first month's rent in cash. Used a fake name. 
 They didn't bring much with them... just some clothing, a stuffed animal, and some sketchbooks for Maya. 
 So where are the other Ahmadi members? 
 They cut out her tongue. 
 I just talked to the M.E. She died from blood loss and it didn't happen quickly. 
 Reade : Nermin must have information about the Ahmadis' attack plan. 
 They found out she was talking to an American reporter. 
 Silenced her once and for all. 
 Jane : If Nermin knew the plan, Maya could have, too. 
 She could be the next target. 
 How do you know Nermin Ahmadi? 
 It's getting repetitive at this point, but I will... say it again. 
 I can't reveal my sources. 
 Well, she's not much of a source to you anymore. She's dead. 
 Her body was found in a Hell's Kitchen apartment this morning, tortured to death. 
 So, again, how do you know Nermin and why was she here? 
 Did you help her get into the country? 
 We believe the Ahmadis are here to plan a domestic attack. 
 What did Nermin tell you about their target? 
 There is a little girl sitting in a room all alone, no idea that her mother has just been tortured to death. 
 It was slow. Painful. 
 This little girl could be next. 
 This isn't about a news piece. 
 This is about an innocent child. 
 Maya has no one in the world. 
 If you want to make this right, start talking now. 
 I met Nermin... in Syria six months ago. 
 She'd been shunned by the family because of Maya's disability. 
 Nermin wanted out, so I offered her safe passage to the U.S. in exchange for an interview. 
 When did she arrive? 
 Yesterday. 
 And did she say anything about any more of the Ahmadis coming to the States? 
 Do you know anything about an attack on U.S. soil? 
 We were supposed to meet... again tonight to talk. 
 I... I never thought that they would follow her here. 
 If they killed Nermin because she was talking to you, you do realize you're the next target. 
 They want to know everything that she told you. 
 Then use me. 
 You said that they're gonna want to find out what Nermin told me, so use me as bait. 
 Let's draw them out. 
 (grunting throughout) 
 (groans) 
 The prints found in Nermin's apartment match one of the Ahmadi soldiers you took down. 
 You got Nermin's killer. 
 And it appears we got all three of the Ahmadis' guys the CIA has been tracking in the U.S. 
 Any word on Maya's grandmother? 
 Yes, we were able to locate her in a refugee camp in Germany. 
 We'll get her stateside as soon as we can. 
 Mayfair : Maya could still be in danger. 
 If the Ahmadis think she helped stop an attack, someone will eventually make a play for her. 
 Weller : If they found her once, they can find her again. 
 Mayfair : We need to relocate and debrief her, find out if the Ahmadis have more operatives planning attacks in the States. 
 Franklin : I'll arrange for a safe house. She'll be taken care of. 
 Maya finds comfort in familiarity. 
 She's do much better with people she's been around. 
 What do you suggest, then? 
 Well, it's a little unorthodox, but... 
 I have a small house in the country that my aunt recently left me. 
 In a serene, friendly environment, she might open up. 
 It'll allow us to debrief her before she goes into hiding. 
 I don't think that's wise. 
 Shipping her off to some safe house is going to be so jarring for her. 
 Maya isn't just a little girl. She's the daughter of one of the most dangerous terrorists in the world. 
 Mayfair : Dr. Borden's been making progress with her. 
 If she shuts down now, we'll lose our chance at extremely valuable intel. 
 Oh, I'm not suggesting that I take her on my own. 
 I'll go. 
 Why do you want to go? 
 I can... I... 
 I like cottages. 
 I just... I want to help Maya. 
 We'll all go. 
 She'll have full FBI protection. 
 And hopefully, an easy transition if we're all there. 
 Maya has opened up to our team. 
 This girl could hold the key to taking down one of the most dangerous terror groups if she's with people she trusts. 
 All right. 
 As soon as her grandmother lands, I will arrange for her transfer to Virginia. 
 Until then, she's in your custody. 
 
 
 
 Weller : Wow. 
 I haven't been out here since I was a kid. 
 My dad used to take us camping on the Pennsylvania border. 
 You came with us a couple of times. 
 I did? 
 Yeah, you did. 
 I remember... (chuckles) 
 I remember this one time, it started pouring rain. 
 My dad got us these cheap rubber rain boots. 
 Yours... pink, purple, flowers all over them. 
 You loved those damn things so much, you wouldn't take 'em off even when you went to bed. 
 Hmm. 
 (Weller chuckles) 
 I know he had his flaws, but... it seems like your dad did try... until everything happened. 
 Used to be my hero. 
 I wanted to be just like him. 
 Have a big yard. 
 Lots of my own kids. 
 Can't imagine a life like that now. 
 Why not? 
 Come on. 
 Raising kids? 
 What we do? (chuckles) 
 I don't think I could be the kind of dad I'd like to be. 
 I think you'd make a great dad. 
 For what it's worth. 
 Thank you. 
 Hmm. 
 Do you think Maya's gonna be okay? 
 Yeah. 
 She'll be fine. 
 (changing radio stations) 
 (country music) 
 woman :  ♪ We'll face this world together... ♪ 
 Country. 
 Interesting choice. 
 I'm more of a One Direction man myself. 
 (country music continues) 
 We found the girl. 
 So... this hall wraps around to the restroom and the two back bedrooms. 
 And the heating should kick in soon, so just make yourselves at home. 
 Does the fireplace work? 
 It should be all good. The gas switch is on the side. 
 (switch clicks, gas ignites) 
 There you go. 
 I guess we're going on the tour. 
 Sorry about all the construction mess. 
 (chuckles) 
 It really is a never-ending process. 
 I fix the plumbing and then the heating goes out. 
 I repair the roof and then the oven breaks. 
 In the beginning, it was like a real-life version of the Oregon Trail with only slightly less dysentery. 
 Do you... do you know that game? 
 (laughs) Yeah. 
 Uh, I... I can't believe that you know that game. 
 Or that you like One Direction. 
 That was a joke. 
 Oh, oh, okay. Was it? 
 (chuckling) 
 Tasha, you got a sec? 
 Yeah, what's up? 
 I wasn't snooping, but I noticed you were looking through Tom Carter's files. 
 What are you digging around for? 
 I'm not digging around for anything. 
 You need to drop it. 
 What are you talking about? 
 Trust me, no good can come from it. 
 You looked into Tom Carter, too, didn't you? 
 What'd you find? 
 That's beside the point. 
 How come every time you ask me a question, I'm supposed to tell you everything? 
 When I ask you something, you ice me out. 
 First with Mayfair and now with Carter. 
 It's complicated. 
 That's exactly what I'm talking about... your non-answer for everything. 
 "It's complicated." 
 Mayfair : There you are. 
 The Arabic translator's here. 
 We've got Maya grandmother on the line from Germany. 
 Any luck? 
 No, she won't even take a bite. 
 (sighs) Come on, Maya. 
 You got to be hungry. 
 Maybe... she just doesn't like your cooking. 
 That's impossible. 
 Everyone loves my cooking. 
 Let's try something basic. 
 Maya, do you like bananas? 
 That's a definite no. 
 Okay, considering that we've touched upon every food group known to man... except the most essential. 
 Chocolate. 
 Patterson : Makes sense. 
 Chocolate is universally adored. 
 Well, it's progress. 
 But we can't just feed her chocolate all weekend. 
 I mean... I do that sometimes. 
 Well, maybe we need to try cooking some more Middle Eastern foods. 
 You know, things that she's familiar with. 
 Okay. How far is the store? 
 About half an hour down the road. 
 Let's go. 
 Tell Rasha her granddaughter is safe. 
 (speaking Arabic) 
 (Rasha speaking Arabic) 
 She says, "Thank God." 
 What about her daughter? 
 Unfortunately, her daughter was killed. 
 We are so sorry to give her this bad news. 
 (translator speaking Arabic) 
 (Rasha speaking Arabic) 
 She says she was killed because of her drawings. 
 I think there was a misunderstanding. 
 Can you try to explain to her that it was Nermin that was killed and Maya's safe? 
 (translator speaking Arabic) 
 (Rasha speaking Arabic) 
 She says that she understands, but she was killed because of her drawings. 
 She thinks Nermin was killed because of Maya's drawings. 
 Why? 
 (speaking Arabic) 
 (Rasha speaking Arabic) 
 Her drawings... they can identify all the Ahmadis. 
 Which means we can finally put a face to the names and take some of them down. 
 Maya's still a target. 
 (sighs) 
 Hey, how's Allie? 
 Uh... (chuckles) 
 Allie and I, uh... 
 We're not together anymore. 
 Oh. Had no idea. 
 What happened? 
 She was reading into things. 
 She thought you and I... 
 So... yeah. 
 I'm sorry. 
 No, don't be. 
 We both kept falling back into bad habits. 
 (laughing) 
 computer voice : You have an incoming call. 
 Reade. What's up? 
 You guys up at the cabin? 
 No. About half an hour away. 
 Maya is the target. 
 Mayfair wants us to put Maya in a safe house right away. 
 We'll bring her back. 
 We tried calling Borden's cabin, but the landline is down and neither of their cells have service. 
 We're on our way up to you guys, too. 
 Keep trying their cells. 
 We're heading back there now. 
 (tires screeching) 
 woman on radio : Now here's Jack with the weather... 
 She looks happy. 
 Well, apparently chocolate in any form is a hit. 
 She seems to love that cocoa. 
 I don't think we're gonna be winning parenting awards. 
 Well, then we might as well go for broke. 
 I've got some DVDs in this box over here. 
 You have kids' movies here? 
 Does the One Direction concert documentary count? 
 (chuckles) 
 Has the power gone out here before? 
 Never. All the wiring in the house is new, including the circuit breakers. 
 It's dead. 
 You think this is intentional? 
 I don't know. 
 But if someone cut the phone line and the power, they're close. 
 The main junction box is a mile down the road. 
 Okay, we need to barricade ourselves in, just in case. 
 Do you have a gun? 
 No, I don't have anything that could qualify as a weapon. 
 Uh, I have my sidearm and a spare clip, and this is all looking promising. 
 We could use some of this to kill someone. 
 All right, I'll take that as a good thing. 
 Let's move Maya away from the main room. 
 Maya? 
 She was just here. 
 Maya? 
 Maya? 
 Oh, my God. She's outside. 
 (tires screeching) 
 Do you know that car? 
 No. 
 Maya, stop! 
 Maya! 
 Maya! 
 Maya, stop! 
 (gunfire) 
 Maya, I need you to stay here for just a few minutes, okay? 
 (banging) 
 I'm gonna be right outside and so will Patterson. 
 (banging) 
 I'll cover the door. Get back. 
 (gunfire) 
 It's okay. It's okay. 
 I'm gonna grab his weapons. 
 (panting) 
 We got to go get Maya, okay? 
 We got to move. 
 We got to move. Let's go! 
 Maya, you did a really good job. 
 So we're gonna go now, okay? 
 They're all out front. 
 We got to go out the back now! 
 Damn it! 
 There's more of them. We're surrounded. 
 (tires screeching) 
 (gunfire) 
 (clanking) 
 It's a distraction. Go! Go! 
 (gunfire) 
 Cover me. I'm gonna go to the shed. Go! 
 (gunfire) 
 Aah! 
 (grunting) 
 (whistling) 
 Okay, Weller and Jane are here. 
 Stay down. 
 It's a matter of minutes until they realize we're up here. 
 Yeah. We're sitting ducks. We need to get Maya on the ground before the guys follow us up here. 
 (gunfire) 
 Go! 
 Another one is coming inside. We gotta take her down now. 
 Okay. What about you? 
 I'll join you. It's okay. Go. 
 Maya, please. We have to go now. 
 They're coming. Maya, you've got to go. 
 Look, Maya, it's okay. 
 It's gonna be okay. 
 We need to get you away from the house. 
 The back of the house is clear. They're upstairs. 
 Come on, come on, come on, come on. 
 (grunting) 
 Go! Go, go, go! 
 You okay? 
 Yeah! 
 (siren) 
 (radio transmissions) 
 Hey, you all right? We heard about your fall. 
 It's fine. I just banged up my ankle a little bit. 
 Is she okay? 
 Yeah. 
 She's gonna be fine. 
 I knew this was a terrible idea. You nearly got her killed. 
 She's safe, for now. 
 I'm taking her back with me. The safe house is all set in Virginia. 
 You take her away from every face she knows and she'll shut down. 
 Or at least let me come with you. 
 Franklin : Her grandmother is on her way. She'll be fine. 
 Weller : You're not taking her alone. 
 One of my team will go with you. 
 Jane : She trusts us. 
 You. You were after Maya all along. 
 What are you talking about? 
 She drew your hand. 
 Maya only draws things that she's seen before. 
 You never crossed paths with her when she was in FBI custody, so she must have seen you somewhere before. 
 What does she know about you that you don't want coming out? 
 Answer me. 
 Gun! 
 Jane : Put the gun down. You don't want to do this. 
 You got no moves. You shoot him, we'll shoot you. 
 Franklin : It's not what you think. 
 So put the gun down and explain it to me. 
 Franklin : I'm going to drive away... 
 (groaning) 
 (gunshot) 
 Aah! 
 (groaning) 
 Mayfair : I just got off the phone with the CIA. 
 They've been tracking an unknown source who's been funding the Ahmadis, hoping they'd rise up against the Assad government. 
 Unfortunately... 
 The Ahmadis took those funds and became an even deadlier organization. 
 All fingers point to Franklin. 
 He had access to State Department funds and to the Ahmadis. It all lines up. 
 We also IDed the shooters at Borden's cabin. 
 They weren't Ahmadi foot soldiers after all. 
 Franklin had assembled his own team to capture Maya and keep his secret safe. 
 What about Maya? Should we be concerned about her safety? 
 Well, now that Franklin's in custody, she should be in the clear. 
 No. We can't take any chances. 
 We have to put the word out that she was killed in the crossfire at Borden's cabin. 
 I'm already working with our friends at the CIA to spread false intel. 
 The Ahmadis will never have a reason to come looking for Maya. 
 (door opening) 
 Maya. Oh! 
 Sorry I blew up your house. 
 It's all right. 
 Now I've got an excuse to start from scratch. 
 I'm pretty good at painting walls... once you've got walls, that is. 
 Well, I'll take you up on that. 
 (phone chiming) 
 Hey. 
 Yo. 
 Look, you can keep all the secrets you want from me, but I am going to be straight with you because this affects us. 
 We both know that there's something's not right about Carter's disappearance, and I think Mayfair knows something she's not telling us. 
 Why would you think that? 
 Too many coincidences... weird connections between her and stuff that's gone down. 
 Everybody Mayfair gets close to winds up dead, and if you're as smart as you seem, I know you've had suspicions about her. 
 Mayfair is the one person who always has our backs. 
 I don't know where you're getting your information from. 
 Who put a bug in your ear? 
 No one put a bug in my ear. 
 I've trusted Mayfair my whole career and I worked my ass off to be on her team... but I'm starting to wonder if maybe I should've opened my eyes a long time ago. 
 Okay. What are you gonna do? 
 I'm gonna get some answers. 
 If you refuse to cooperate, they'll kill Agent Weller. 
 Jane... I was looking for you. 
 Oh, I was looking for you too. 
 I was hoping that I could take you up on game night. 
 Great. You ready to go? 
 I just have to grab my coat. 
 Okay. 
 Uh, I'll meet you in the lobby? 
 Nice necklace, by the way. 
 Oh. (laughing) 
 Thanks. Someone special gave it to me. 
 Thanks. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Cheers. 
 Cheers. 
 You know what this needs? 
 Hmm? 
 Some ice. 
 I'll go get some. 
 Bethany, I know what you're doing. 
 Getting ice. 
 We can take this as slow as you want. 
 I mean, maybe meeting up in my room wasn't the best call. 
 I'm fine. I'm more than fine. 
 It's just... I'll be right back. 
 All right. Oh! 
 Yeah! 
 (laughing) 
 I told you I would win again. 
 Yeah. 
 You're clearly gonna win again. 
 It's not fair. 
 I... I... I should go. 
 You sure? 
 Yeah. 
 We're gonna feed those hungry hippos next. Hmm? 
 Next time. 
 ‭All right. 
 All right. I'll see you. 
 Sawyer : Bye. 
 I just thought of a great place we could go to for dinner. 
 Alexandra? 
 (phone ringing) 
 distorted male voice : Stop looking into Tom Carter's disappearance or you're next. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 