Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Cost Containment - Incorporated 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Cost Containment https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=788&t=30341 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/22/16 04:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Cost Containment 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Incorporated"... 
 Told you I'd find you. 
 Aaron? 
 There's so much riding on this scholarship. You spend 17 hours a day in that juku letting them pump you with nootropics and cognitive enhancers. 
 Elena! Wake up, come on! 
 We got the permit. We're gonna get pregnant. 
 Your friend's daughter, bring her tonight. 
 I'll examine her. 
 [cheering] 
 [blow lands] 
 You lost, to him. 
 [metal bashes] 
 Guess you're my ticket now, huh? 
 That's a group of girls being escorted to Arcadia. 
 My sister, she's a s*x slave. 
 Mr. Hendrick, right? Human resources? 
 I hope you know what you're doing. 
 I need to move up the ladder to get to her. 
 The Inazagi delegation's on its way, sir. It's a pleasure to meet you SVP Walters. 
 I want the basic extraction package. 
 New name, face, fingerprints. 
 We have a defector on our hands. 
 We'll soon start evaluating candidates. 
 A keyhole. How do I crack it? 
 [somber orchestral music] 
 [speaking Chinese language] 
 [upbeat chime] [indistinct chatter] My father just went to the bank. He'll be back soon. I actually came to see you, Elena. Rebecca Henson. I'm with Spiga Biotech... [bracelets chime] Educational Outreach Department. I'm sorry about the scholarship. The scholarship? You haven't heard? Sometimes we get the news before you. I'm afraid you didn't get it, Elena. Like I said, I'm sorry. If it means anything, you were runner-up. You came all the way here just to tell me that? No. I came here to tell you that even though you may not realize your dream of attending college, there could be a place for you in the Spiga family. You are an exceptional young woman. You are young, smart, beautiful. How would you like to be a woman of grace and sophistication? Travel the world and be among the wealthy and powerful? I can do that for you, and I can give you enough money to take care of your family for the rest of their lives. What do you say to that? [gun cocks] Get away from my daughter. [laser chimes] I was giving her an opportunity. To be a whore at one of your executive clubs? Bet you get a nice fat bonus for signing someone like her. Dad, stop. Listen to her. Put the gun down or he will shoot you. [suspenseful music] ♪ Okay. Everybody take a breath. The guy who runs things around here is named Tino, and I work for him. Your guy shoots, you don't make it to the wall alive. [laser chimes] You heard my father. Get out. This is the best offer someone like you's gonna get. That's why my closure rate is over 90%. Think it over. You have my contact. [front door bell chimes] [speaking Spanish] I didn't get the scholarship. That's why she was here. Elena, I'm sorry... Don't. You said the scholarship was a con, and you were right. It sucks, okay? But it also means no more seizures, no more juku. You can finally live for yourself. Live for myself? How? With the debt and the interest piling up on this place, one bad month and we're gonna be out on the street. Well, what about the co-ops? Co-ops? It's a pipe dream, Aaron. College was our only way out. It doesn't have to be. Then you show me another way, okay? 'Cause I don't see it. [dramatic whoosh] Good morning. Mm. Ah... you hug, you kiss, and you swipe my coffee. I fall for it every morning. Hey, I need it more than you do. We're gonna have a baby, remember? Open Design-Gro. [device powers on] _ That's him? Or her. It's up to us. Everything is. That's what today's appointment's all about. I think I want your dimples, and your chin for sure. [laughs] Eyes? Oh, maybe a combination. Hm, here you try. We're not having a clone of me. Don't you want our baby to look like you at all? Maybe the only face I can imagine her having is the face I fell in love with. Oh, so it is a "her" now? Or a him. Them? Wow, we do have a lot of decisions to make, don't we? Ah. Your plan is to take birth control behind your wife's back? I don't want to hurt her. Yeah, well you're doing a hell of a job. Look, I just need you to get it for me. I can't risk it showing up in the system under my name. What's it even gonna matter when she hires a gestator? If my plan works, she won't. Now can you help me or not? Don't pretend I have a choice. At least when you were a little snot, you listened to me. Yeah, well you've always been like a father to me. You know, when things got tough, you bailed. [scoffs] [device hums] It's not every day the boss is slumming down here on 35. When do you go under the knife? My Everclear presentation is tomorrow. Good luck. Not that you'll need it. There are a dozen candidates for this promotion. We're all in the same boat. Um, that's your mother-in-law in there, and you just pulled an Inazagi defector out of your ass. Game over. And your father's company is the lynchpin of the Spiga's supply chain. Just do me a favor, when you finally get there, tell me what it's like. On the 40th floor? Arcadia. It's the least you can do. And after all, we've been killing ourselves to get in there. Well, I've been killing myself for a bigger house. And a pool. I know you need to tread lightly, but come on, you want that golden ticket as much as I do. Well, truth is, Roger, I don't care about Arcadia. I'm meeting my wife today at the OB-GYN. We're starting a family. And so is Pearson. Her gestator is eight months pregnant, but she's still in there every night sitting on some poor b*st*rd's face. Do you know why Spiga created the executive clubs? To stop senior execs from getting kidnapped in the Red Zones? No, to stop them from cracking under the pressures of the job. Hell, I heard it cut suicide rates in half. Do you think you're different from the rest of us? Excuse me. Ms. Krauss would like a word with you, Mr. Larson. Yeah. We both have the same shot. Just tell me how much this will cost me. Dad, I said I needed your help, not your money. Help is always money. I even have a name for it, "the Roger tax," remember? You're never gonna let that go, are you? You had to take the wheel of that car. They scraped that poor girl off the wall. I need you to get me into Arcadia. I have to get you laid now, too? It's not that. There's someone standing in my way and I think he's connected to one of the companions. I need to find out how. Roger, this isn't your skill set. My advice? Forget the promotion. You don't think I can cut it. You're a rich kid with poor impulse control. I'm not gonna live forever. Wait it out. You want to know why I chose Spiga? So that one day when you come in to negotiate your contract the person sitting across the table from you wasn't Elizabeth Krauss, it was me, and I rip your eyeballs out in the deal. [chuckles] Roger, nothing would make me happier. [club hits golf ball] [scoffs] Now, who is it you're gunning for? [brooding electronic music] It's better if I don't say until I know more. Roger... Look. You want me to stop being the fuck-up? Do this for me and I won't ask you for anything ever again. So, Theo, folks out here are getting paid in the currency of their employer. Dollars, Euros, Yuan. Blackcoin? Yeah, so they have to turn it into cash they can spend, right? Well, where do they go? Exchange machines. You know, in goes your blackcoins, out comes dollars. How much you get depends on the exchange rate. See the rates change? Every now and then, there's a surge and two to one turns into 20 to one. It happens for a split second. If you're lucky enough to be at the machine at that exact moment, you just rolled a surge. You're going to roll a surge on purpose? Not me. You. I hack the rate feed, you load the cash into the machine. That's why it's a two-man job. This isn't hacking rations though, Theo. This is the big leagues. It's graduation day. You ready? Hell yeah. We'll come back tomorrow. The Zero Days we're exploiting, they'll patch them any day. We have to go now. Nothing's changed, Theo, it's just a man instead of a machine. In some ways, they're even easier to fool. You look him in the eye and you hand him the pack. That's all you have to do. Can I get a "hell yeah"? Hell yeah. On my signal. A second too soon or a second too late, we're screwed. Understood? Go get 'em. [lively suspense music slowly builds] Next. ♪ Thanks. Come on. Let's go, kid. Next. Hey. Wait your turn, huh? Dollars please. 2,000 Euros. That's, uh... You just roll a surge? Beginner's luck I guess. That's 20,363, including our commission, of course. Hold it, kid. Hey. [tense music building] Not so fast. ♪ [woman screams] I said step back! You! [indistinct chatter and laughter] [chuckling] Hey. Look at that face. Barely a scratch. On the outside maybe. Oh, come on. You made pretty short work of Mad Dog last night. That fight was over in what, 30 seconds? 28. But hey, who's counting? [chuckles] Here for your purse? Yeah. Did better on the fight than I expected. And I always take care of my own. Remember that. Thanks, Terrence. Mm-hmm. Got a job for you, first. I was in the cage 12 hours ago. I didn't say a fight. I said a job. There's a kid in the neighborhood, Spyder, got himself a scholarship playing basketball over the wall. Great news for him, bad news for the kid who came in second. That kid's family paid me to take Spyder out. With all due respect that's a job for Semo. Really? Think you're above Semo? You're an artisan while he's just a laborer? That hierarchical sh1t doesn't fly with me. I need a workforce that's nimble, flexible. Let me be perfectly clear. You are what I say you are. If I want a leg broken, you're a leg-breaker. You hear me? [suspenseful orchestral music] You want your purse or not? [ominous music] [piano lounge music] ♪ I thought it over. I can't get you into Arcadia. What I can do is arrange for an out-call with the girl. But I'm gonna have to call in every marker that I have to do it. You want something in return? That's how it works. What is it? Your brother. I need you to convince him to move out, get the help he needs. The help he needs because of you. The neural implant was Mitchell's idea, not mine. He knew the risks. Right. You had nothing to do with it. You just pushed him to out-work and out-think everyone at your company. I don't play favorites. Yet here you are, putting your gold-digger wife over your firstborn son. Okay. Karen wants your brother out. It's not a good environment for Justin. Your genetically enhanced baby needs an environment? I thought he was just born better than the rest of us. Look, Windrush is a first-class facility. It's not like I'm throwing Mitchell out on the street. You're able to reach Mitchell better than any of us. We can help each other. You know what? Go f*ck yourself. [cheesy upbeat music] The corporation demands your peak performance all the time. Being pregnant can rob you of your edge. The numbers don't lie. Pregnancy is a leading cause of marital strife, even divorce. But there is a better way. Your way. Your gestator lives under your roof and eats only a scientifically-formulated diet to nurture your fertilized embryo. It's your baby, your perfect assortment of genes. Shouldn't it be on your terms? [music flourishes] Ben? I know it's a lot to process. What do you think? I want to have a baby with you more than anything, but what I don't want are any of these options. What, are you saying that you want me to have a natural pregnancy? I want this to be about us. Don't you? Well, it's a big decision. I know, it's just... Spiga is in every other part of our lives. Does it have to be in this one? Sorry I'm late. I had remote deliveries in Cleveland and Minneapolis. It was quite a morning. Now, before we remove your IUD, we have a lot to discuss. We'll make it easy for you. We're checking "no" on everything. Everything? That's right. No gender choice, no customized features, no gestator. I will get pregnant the old-fashioned way and carry her or him... [quiet laugh] To term. I'm surprised. You two don't seem the bohemian types. Are you onboard with this, Mr. Larson? 100%. There is just one thing. Couples opting for a natural pregnancy must submit to a thorough genetic screening. You said our lab work looked good. It's a liability issue. If you have any genetic abnormalities, we would have no way of preventing them from manifesting in your child. This will give us your entire genome with just a fingerprint. And don't worry; with your backgrounds, I don't anticipate any problems. [device chimes] Now your turn, Mr. Larson. [tense music] ♪ I'm sorry, do you need me to speak slower? I couldn't be more clear. I'll handle this, Anton. How can I help you? Roger Caplan, Counterintelligence. I need a personnel file. I see. Do you have a signed authorization? No, I have an active CI investigation on this girl and not a lot of time. Aren't you CI Tech? This feels a little out of your purview, doesn't it? I mean, if I call upstairs, would they know what you're up to? Hendrick, right? How long have you been on the 6th floor? Nine years. [exhales] Nine years without a promotion. That tells me you don't like to stick your neck out. Are you threatening me, Mr. Caplan? I don't threaten. I incentivize. I'm up for that promotion on 40. On my way there, I'm making two lists. Which one do you want to be on? [brooding tone] I've got the results of your DNA screens. [device chimes] Laura, yours show no abnormalities. Nothing that would pose a danger to you or your child. Ben, your DNA is more problematic. The red sections show genetic damage caused by elevated levels of lead and exposure to malaria, two things we don't typically see in people at your strata. Uh, what's the risk? Taken together, not statistically significant, but it's a risk Spiga isn't going to take. That's the waiver form, relieving Spiga of liability for any medical conditions that may arise from your decision. To be clear, if anything goes wrong the cost is on both of you. I'll let you discuss it in private. [door closes shut] 
 
 Lead poisoning, malaria. I...I don't understand. There's something I have to tell you about my past. [ominous music] What is it? When I was in college and the flood hit Seattle, I told you they airlifted me out. They didn't. At least, not right away. The water was contaminated, people were getting sick. There were bodies everywhere. Why didn't you tell me? I was ashamed. I guess I wanted you to think my life was perfect. Ben, do you think my life was perfect after what happened to me? What do you want to do? What we decided. I want to have our baby. What about the risk? People used to have natural babies all the time and it worked out fine. Whatever happened to you in Seattle made you who you are. I wouldn't change a thing about you. Not a single chromosome. Really? Hey, you don't have to hide anything from me. I know who you are. I love you. I love you too. [device chimes] Yo, you're that fighter, right? What? Oh... I saw you bust up Sayeed. You painted the cage with that fucker's blood. You were there? Nah. I watched that sh1t online. Over and over. You like fights? I like your fights. Look at us. Bet they said you were too small too. But it ain't about the size. It's about who wants it more. Am I right? [chuckles] I'm Spyder. Theo. I didn't recognize you at first. My mom told me to keep my guard up since I got a scholarship. What are you doing here? Road work, you know? Got to stay sharp. I hear that. Well, uh, I'll let you go, my man. It's an honor. Hey, so after you watched my fight did you guys win your game? We fragged 'em good. [chuckles] Well, come on, we got to celebrate. What, like, like right now? Well, unless you don't want free drinks and a chance to meet the other fighters, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, all right, whatever. [birds chirping] Here. Deceive your wife in good health. I know you don't believe me, but this is the best thing for Laura. You think that's why I dragged you here? You got bigger problems. What? Roger Caplan came to my office with a video of Elena walking into Arcadia and a bullshit story about a CI investigation. You want to take a wild guess who has your missing keyhole? sh1t. He asked me about Arcadia this morning. He was fishing. He wants her personnel file. I stonewalled him, but he's not going away. I just need a bit more time. You're not listening to me. This guy is onto you. And if he finds out who you are, that leads to me and my daughter. [pensive suspense music] He asked for her file? Then give it to him. What the hell are you saying? The file will be so redacted, it'll be worthless. But I can use it to keep an eye on him. [grunts] [glass shatters] Mitchell? It's Roger. [door creaks, shuts] Roger Caplan, born April 15th, 2046. It was a Sunday. That's right, buddy. Turning 29 this year. Crazy, isn't it? Deal 'em up? What do I owe you from the last time? 8,346 US dollars. [exhales] Serves me right for playing for 10 bucks a point. Gin was supposed to be my game, you know? Back at the Dells, Mom taught me cards because she saw how mad I used to get when you beat me at tennis. Remember that summer? Mitchell, did Dad talk to you about Windrush? The Windrush Center. A first-class rehabilitation facility nestled on the banks of Lake Michigan. That's right. I brought a viewer immersion to show you. This is my room. I won't go. Hear me out. I won't go. Gin. Right. It looks like I owe you... $740. $9,086 total. How about we call it an even 10 grand and you look at me? [shuffles cards] The implant damaged your amygdala. Do you know what that is? The amygdala is the center of emotional thought in the human brain. That's right. Windrush can help repair the connections you've lost. This is my room. I won't go. Deal them up. You know, I hate Dad just as much as you do. You hate Dad? That's right. The difference is I can do something about it. I get this promotion I'm up for, the next step's division president. With that kind of clout, I can get him fired and expelled, with that bitch Karen and their stupid bionic baby. Let the skints have at them. The skints. All I need is for you to go to Windrush, just for a little while. After that, we'll have Dad's money. And this house, you can have it all to yourself. I'll go to Windrush, for a little while. Let the skints have at 'em. [pensive music] ♪ How are you feeling? They say the baby's fine. That's all that matters. And Michael? Michael buried you yesterday. He played the part of the grieving husband beautifully. Inazagi has no reason to suspect a thing. He'll never see me again. And even if he did, he'd be looking at a stranger. You asked for the full relocation package and you got it. Now it's your turn. What's this intel I've risked my career for? Well, there's this whiz kid, Sanjay Maraj. Summa cum laude from Beijing University, one of those open-source gene splicers. Real bleeding heart. Kid wanted to feed the world. Then he realized a school could never finance his vision so he finally accepted our offer. To do what, exactly? We got it all wrong, Elizabeth. There is so much water out there in the world. More than enough. Sure, seawater. But if you could use it to irrigate. If you could make your crops salt tolerant. That's impossible. Mangroves do it. And Sanjay's about to. [pensive piano music] And that's how you conquer the desert. That's right. Iowa, Missouri, Kansas. We could take back all the dust-storm states, all Inazagi territory. Or Spiga's. How do I find this miracle worker? Mm, that's Inazagi's best kept secret. I mean, I could give you my best guess but the rest is up to you. Oh, one last thing. Robert Frost. How did you know? I was accompanying your husband before he died. I hope you will forgive me. Just business. So is this. If you ever tell anybody about him, your people think you're already dead. [brooding tone] [club music over speakers] [coughs] All right. Now you know how I felt after that right cross from Sayeed. [chuckles] Give me a sec. What are you trying to pull, kid? You gave me a job. I'm doing it the best way I know how. I get him drunk, he won't feel anything. Long as you get it done. I got a confession, I've never had a drink before, like, right now. You're 17. I was cooking beet-shine when I was 12. When my folks realized I could ball, they wouldn't allow it. Then here's to not listening to your parents. [chuckles] All right. Another one? I don't blame 'em. I mean, look at me, I'm getting out of here 'cause of 'em. Your scholarship? f*ck yeah. And when I get my degree, I'ma bring 'em out with me. My sister said the same thing. It didn't work out though, but she tried. No sh1t? Yeah. What's her name? Elena. To Elena. [doorbell chimes] Mom. I'm sorry to barge in on you like this. Can I come in? Is something wrong? Something happened at work today that got to me, that's all. Are you all right? I shouldn't really be telling you this, but we ran a covert op involving a pregnant woman and it didn't go as planned and she lost the baby. I'm so sorry. I saw her today; she was devastated. Tell me this doesn't have anything to do with my visit to the OB-GYN. Laura... Oh, of course. The release we signed went directly to you. You're here because we're having a natural pregnancy. Elizabeth. What are you doing here? She's trying to talk me out of carrying our baby. I'm trying to keep your baby safe. My daughter doesn't seem to understand the kind of world we live in. I understand perfectly. I see your housekeeper isn't here. What have you told Ben about why you fired her? You haven't told him about the riot you started at the servant gate? [ominous music] Yeah, she told me all about it. The important thing is that she's okay. What if she's pregnant and she pulls a stunt like that? There are reasons people like us use gestators. It's just common sense. ♪ Elizabeth, I understand your concern, but this is our decision. Is it your final decision? Yes. And we discussed it, and it's what we want for our family. Well, if that's your position. I'll see you at tomorrow's presentation. [door closes] It was a medical emergency. I was trying to help Rachel's friend. I should've told you. It's okay. It's okay. You're not upset? I'm only upset that you felt like you couldn't tell me. I know who you are too. [gentle music] ♪ Then how about we make a baby right now? [laughing] Whoo! [panting] Oh, I... I... I gotta... I gotta rest a second. Glad I got this out of the way before college. Never again. Take this. What? Take it and get out of town. The guy your mom warned you about? It's me. I'm supposed to break your legs so you can't play. What... what are you saying? Listen to me. We don't have much time. I'm gonna tell them that you fought back and I had to kill you, and I dumped your body. But that means you have to go now and you can never come back because if you do, they will kill you and your family. Do you understand what I'm saying? You have to go! Where am I gonna go? Tell me! My family is here. I have nothing else. Go anywhere. With this? This won't do sh1t for me. You just want to buy yourself a clean conscience. There. You're my hero again. That's what you wanted, right? What do you want from me? You said it. The next guy they send is gonna kill me for sure. You got a job to do. [exhales] So do it. [eerie music] Come on! Do it, you f*cking coward! Do your job! Is that what you did to your sister? You f*ck her over too? And I thought you were a champ. You ain't nothing but a thug. You're gonna die in that cage. People are gonna cheer. That's gonna be the last thing that you hear is people cheering 'cause you're dead! [bone cracks] [screams] [muffled screams] Open Design-Gro. [device powers on] [pensive piano music] ♪ [door opens] What is this? 20,000. That's the buy-in for the co-ops. The co-ops? Just hear me out. They're not a pipe dream; they're real farms. Open source seeds, no corporations, no cartels. And they want people like you, young, educated. There's a buy-in, but I got it. Where did you get this? It doesn't matter. Aaron... I'm not gonna lie to you, it's hard work. It's the land that nobody wants, but it'll be ours. Hey, it's okay. We'll send for Theo and your dad if he doesn't shoot me first. No, that's not it. You got the scholarship? The winner got caught cheating. Neural implant. It's mine now. I won't take it. You're gonna pass on a college scholarship? This is your ticket out of all this. It's my choice. And what about your family? Every cent they saved was for this. You don't want me to come with you? Not if you're gonna regret it. Look, this isn't some number you hit in Tino's food lottery. You earned this. I can't leave you. You don't have to. And you know what you're gonna need over the wall? A chauffeur. [laughs] The cars drive themselves. [motorcycle engine revs] [brakes screech] [glass shatters] [engine idling] [suspenseful music] [beeping] [beeping increases rapidly] [explosion] Aaron! We have to go. Well, the clarity hasn't budged much. You have any solves for the programming exploit? [device chimes] Ben? What adjustments do you want me to make for the rendering? I have to go. Go? Wait. The presentation's at 1:00. Ben? Got it, thank you. They're almost here. Great. If this goes sideways, Elizabeth Krauss will have me by the balls for the rest of my life. Sounds like you're more afraid of her than I am. I mean it. The day that woman's out of my life. I'll be careful. Be smart. Arcadia trained this girl to keep her mouth shut and her legs open. I was raised by an unapologetic asshole, so when it comes to breaking people down, I learned from the very best. That was almost convincing. [lively suspense music] ♪ Step aside. [somber music] ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 