Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - The Queen's Husband - Victoria 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - The Queen's Husband https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=691&t=28755 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 09/26/16 10:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - The Queen's Husband 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We must get married as soon as possible. 
 I agree. 
 I was awarded an income of £50,000 a year. 
 Albert will be expecting nothing less. 
 £20,000 a year! 
 Eliza : I think of you in the palace. That should have been my life. 
 The girls here are too delicious. 
 Please understand that all I've asked for is so that I can have my own position, my own freedom. 
 When I marry you tomorrow, it will be as an ordinary woman. 
 You will be my husband. 
 And you will be my wife. 
 ♪ Gloriana ♪ 
♪ Hallelujah ♪ 
♪ Gloriana ♪ 
♪ Hallelujah ♪ 
♪ Gloriana, hallelujah ♪ 
♪ Hallelujah! ♪ 
 (Birdsong) 
 My Victoria. 
 Majesty, I have a list for the dinner this... 
 Excuse me, Majesty. I thought you were alone. 
 Your Highness. 
 She can just... walk in? 
 Her bedroom is next door. 
 I like to have her near me, in case I need anything in the night. 
 But now you have me. 
 Francatelli : Not much of a honeymoon. 
 Two days at the Castle and parties every night. 
 I hope the Prince had time to do his duty. 
 The royal stallion needs time to cover his mare. 
 Oh, poor soul. 
 What's the matter, Mrs Jenkins? 
 Mr Hedge, the whalebone man, says he can't leave his house because they have the fever in Seven Dials. 
 I blame the foreigners. 
 One day this city is going to burst. 
 Must we have a state dinner tonight? 
 We've only just come back from our honeymoon. 
 I want to show that you have right of precedence over the rest of my family. 
 I mean, it's quite absurd you should be forced to walk into dinner after my uncles. 
 Your place is by my side. 
 I know. 
 But I do not know if your uncles would agree. 
 We must start as we mean to go on. Together. 
 (Man calling out) 
 What's that noise? 
 That is the muffin man. 
 The muffin man? 
 The muffin man! 
 He carries them all on a tray balancing on his head. 
 Three for a penny. 
 You know, when the children come, I think it would be nice to live far away from the city. 
 What children? 
 Our children. 
 It would make me so happy to have a real family. 
 Aren't you happy now, Albert? 
 Of course. But... 
 I so want to be a father. 
 And you'll make a wonderful mother. This... I know. 
 We will do better than our parents, I think. 
 Childbirth is a dangerous business. 
 Look what happened to Princess Charlotte. 
 Well, the Queen is back from her honeymoon. 
 Already? 
 I've been summoned to the Palace for dinner. 
 Funny, I... 
 I thought she blamed me over the business of the Prince's allowance. 
 The Queen blames the Tories for everything, from ingrowing toenails to cholera. 
 But Melbourne can't govern the country from Brocket Hall for ever. 
 Her Majesty will have to get used to us. 
 The boxes are here, Majesty. 
 I won't be long, my angel. 
 Perhaps I could be of some assistance? 
 Oh, you would be bored to tears. Wouldn't he, Lehzen? 
 Why don't you play something on the piano? 
 I can hear you from my desk. 
 (Dramatic piano intro) 
 Morning, Your Royal Highness. 
 Anson. 
 Perhaps, sir, you would like to acknowledge some of the wedding presents. 
 I have a list. 
 An embossed silver tureen from the Lord Mayor of Ly-cester. 
 We usually say Leicester, sir. 
 (Low chatter) 
 Have you finished, sir? 
 If only my neck were really so swanlike. 
 But I think my drawing is quite lifelike. Don't you agree, Lord Alfred? 
 Mm. 
 I think, sir, you have drawn what you see. 
 Your Royal Highness, the Queen is asking for you, sir. 
 Thank you. 
 I was missing you so I wondered if you could help me. 
 I am at your service. 
 I have all these papers to sign. 
 Oh, no, you don't have to read them. 
 I've done that already. 
 Here. 
 It will be so much faster if I sign and you blot. 
 How delightful. 
 (Horse neighs and blows) 
 Allow me. 
 Remember, the plan tonight is that you will take me into dinner. 
 Let's hope so. 
 (Lively chatter from behind doors) 
 Her Majesty the Queen... and His Royal Highness Prince Albert. 
 His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex and His Grace the Duke of Wellington. 
 Uncle Sussex. 
 Your honeymoon was not a long campaign, Ma'am. 
 Why, Duke, I don't regard marriage as a battlefield. 
 Perhaps that comes later, Ma'am. 
 I don't know if you are aware, sir, but I believe we are related on your side of the family, through your mother. 
 Indeed? 
 I don't know how you Germans keep track of all your principalities. 
 At least here we only have one royal family. 
 Dear Mr Bumps! How I have missed him, Lord Alfred. 
 Mr Bumps, please curtsey to your Queen. 
 (Gasping and giggling) 
 Oh, how adorable! 
 He's been practising all day. 
 The dog is wearing jewellery. Is this an English custom? 
 Mr Bumps was so jealous of my miniature of Her Majesty that he wouldn't let me alone till I got him one too. 
 (Mr Bumps whines) 
 Ma'am. 
 The dogs wear jewellery, the pianos are out of tune and all the people talk about is the weather. 
 Oh, well, I think there are some consolations. 
 Albert? 
 As the only prince of the blood present, I believe it is my privilege to take you into dinner, Ma'am. 
 Albert is my husband and should be by my side. It is time things were changed. 
 Before you came to the throne, there were many people in this country who thought that a system that allowed a young, inexperienced girl to take the throne over a man like my brother Cumberland should be changed. 
 I was not among them, Ma'am. 
 But then I do not believe that rules should be altered when they become inconvenient. 
 You've done your hair differently, Duchess. 
 It brings out the curve in your neck. 
 Don't worry, Albert. 
 They will not treat you like this when you have a son. 
 Then they will all respect you. 
 I won't give up. You belong at my side. 
 There is no place for me here... here among your curtseying dogs. 
 (Whispers) Yes! 
 Yes, there is. 
 This is your home, Albert. 
 (Dramatic piano music) 
 I can do nothing right. 
 Nonsense. You have a happy marriage. 
 Who in our family can say that? 
 You have always been too sensitive. 
 Ignore them and concentrate on producing an heir. 
 Once you have done that... everything will be different. 
 That is what everyone says but... it's not as easy as it seems. 
 I have to find a place for myself. 
 Ah! 
 Next to your wife when you go into dinner? 
 No. 
 A place I have earned. 
 I can't bear to see the Prince so humiliated. 
 I'm surprised Uncle Sussex does not see that. 
 The Duke of Sussex is most singular. 
 I have never seen him without the skull cap and I believe he lives off ices and turtle soup. 
 I suppose he has a mistress, like all my other uncles. 
 Oh, no, Ma'am. No, he is happily married to Lady Cecilia Buggin. 
 But because she is not of royal blood, she is not recognised as his wife under the Royal Marriages Act. 
 If only Lord M were here. 
 What would he do? 
 Poor Mr Hedge. 
 What kind of fever is it? 
 Indian cholera, most like. 
 Slums like Seven Dials, you can't see it, but it's there, hanging in the air. 
 Don't worry, we're quite safe here. 
 Your Royal Highness, the Queen has requested that you join her in the Throne Room for an audience with Mr Allen and Mr Buxton of the British And Foreign Anti-Slavery Society. 
 As you know, Your Majesty, the wicked practice of slavery has been abolished throughout your dominions, yet it continues in other... less enlightened nations, most notably America. 
 We have organised a convention, Ma'am, to include like-minded people from around the world to protest against the continuation of this barbarity. 
 There will be a delegation of American abolitionists that will include some Negro slaves that have escaped their bonds. 
 A worthy endeavour, gentlemen. 
 How can I assist you? 
 We wondered, Ma'am, whether you would open the proceedings. 
 To have your public support would be of inestimable value. 
 We have many distinguished supporters. 
 Sir Robert Peel has been tireless in his efforts, but... there is no greater ally than yourself. 
 I find it shocking that this practice should continue across the Atlantic in the country known as "the land of the free". 
 Indeed, sir. 
 I have been a supporter of your cause ever since I was a little girl... and I shall certainly make a subscription. 
 However... as your sovereign, I cannot open your meeting... however much I might want to. 
 (Bell tolling in distance) 
 (Coughing) 
 (Coughs) 
 (Man retches) 
 You can't come down here, miss. 
 By order of the Parish Council, on account of the fever. 
 My cousin and her baby live down there. They need my help. 
 If I let you in, miss, I can't let you out. 
 So, you should decide how urgent your business is. 
 My angel. 
 Lehzen. 
 Yes, Majesty. 
 I need to ask you something. 
 Of course. 
 (Clears throat) 
 Now that I'm married there will be changes. 
 Yes, Majesty. 
 But I don't want any changes just yet. 
 No, Majesty. 
 I was wondering... if I wanted things to stay... just as they are for perhaps a year or so... how I might do that. 
 I keep thinking about poor Princess Charlotte. 
 Oh. 
 Of course, Majesty. I am inexperienced in these matters. 
 Of course. 
 But my sister's married and she writes to me very frankly. 
 (Whispers) 
 Ten times? 
 We would be most honoured by your presence, Your Royal Highness. 
 Victoria, I have decided to attend the Anti-Slavery convention. 
 And I hope to say a few words of my own. 
 And it will be a great honour, sir. 
 You are going to make a speech? 
 It is a subject about which I feel very strongly, meine Liebe, and... the usual protocols which prevent you from attending do not apply to me. 
 I need a position, Victoria. 
 Are you following me? You're not meant to be here. 
 I know you went to Seven Dials and I know you found it closed to visitors. 
 How? 
 A chef has a nose for the most interesting ingredients. 
 The thing is, Miss Skerrett, I have friends in Seven Dials. 
 Friends who do not let the Peelers stand in their way. 
 Is there something I can do for you? 
 I don't know. What's in it for you? 
 I can think of something. 
 Anson. I have written what I wish to say in German but I must deliver it in English, of course. 
 Also, I believe it may be rather too long. 
 I think if you were proposing to publish an essay, sir... 
 Would you erm... like me to abridge it for you, sir, and... put it into English? 
 I would be most grateful. Your German is far superior to my English. 
 It's a very brave undertaking, if I may say so, sir. 
 You think I'm foolhardy? I see. 
 But ever since I arrived in this country, I have been judged by people who know nothing of my true character. 
 They laugh at my clothes, they sneer at my accent. 
 I have seen cartoons when I am drawn as a sausage. 
 So I have decided if I am to be held up to scrutiny, it should be for something I believe in. 
 What is it that Shakespeare says? 
 "Cowards die many times before their deaths." 
 "The valiant never taste of death but once." 
 Julius Caesar. Act Two, Scene Two. 
 
 
 
 Ha. 
 This bar-bar-ous trade is repugnant to Christianity and the blackest stain upon civilised... 
 You don't have to make a speech. 
 I have to earn my position. 
 And as to your position... 
 I may have a solution to that. 
 But you'll have to wait and see. 
 I can make you tell me, you know. 
 I'd like to see you try! 
 Tell me. 
 No. 
 Tell me. 
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. 
 His Royal Highness, the Duke of Sussex. 
 Uncle. 
 I asked you here today because there is something I wish to discuss. 
 It's no use, Victoria. I am not going to change my mind. 
 Lord knows... my life has not been a happy one... but I am the son of a King and I will not give up my birthright. 
 I want to talk to you about your wife, Uncle. 
 You want to talk about Cecilia? 
 If you are going to tell me that my marriage is illegal because I did not have the sovereign's consent, then I believe you are nine years too late. 
 I was thinking... 
 I should like to meet your wife. 
 You would? 
 Yes. 
 Yes, because I feel it is very important that spouses are given the respect they are due. 
 That is most gracious, Ma'am. 
 But I'm afraid it will not change my mind in the question of precedence. 
 Of course, if she were to be received at court, she would need a title. 
 As your marriage is morganatic, she cannot be Duchess of Sussex, but I think she could perhaps be a Duchess of say... 
 Inverness? 
 Duchess of Inverness. 
 Yes. It is one of the Sovereign's discretionary titles. 
 So, Uncle, do you think your wife could be agreeable? 
 To be received at Court as a Duchess? 
 Yes, I believe she would. 
 Of course, the circumstances would have to be right. 
 My wife's happiness is everything to me. 
 I feel the same about Albert. 
 Never mind, Duchess. 
 Not all your arrows miss their target. 
 You and the Prince are so different. 
 Perhaps I could help you with your aim, Duchess. 
 Straighter. 
 And your hips. 
 Hold it. 
 Oh, doesn't Harriet look charming? 
 So kind of her to stay in town with me, whilst her husband has gone back to Ragsby. 
 Indeed. 
 When our mother left... Albi tried so hard not to cry. 
 I always wanted to be there to protect him. 
 He was lucky to have you. 
 No, I was the lucky one. 
 He is my better half, I think. 
 And is your other half so very bad? 
 What do you think, Duchess? 
 I think, sir, that... you are a sheep in wolf's clothing. 
 You pretend to be what my mother would call a rake, but underneath... 
 I think you have a heart that is tender. 
 I think... that you flatter me, Duchess. 
 No, sir. I just describe what I see. 
 As President of the British And Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, I am glad so many people are here. 
 This bar-bar-ous trade is repugnant to the spirit of Christianity. 
 Barbarous, sir, is the correct pronunciation. 
 Thank you. 
 This... barbarous trade is repugnant to the spirit of Christianity and the blackest stain upon civilised Europe. 
 Very good, sir. And erm... remember you must... speak up. 
 Exeter Hall is a large venue, and I believe they're expecting more than 3,000 people. 
 So many? 
 It is a cause that has great support here across all parties and interests. 
 It's not often that you find such accord. 
 I believe that not only will Lord Palmerston, the Foreign Secretary, be attending, but also Sir Robert Peel, who as you know, sir, is a Tory. 
 Though I believe he was instrumental in reducing my allowance by 20,000. 
 Victoria does not like him. 
 Sir Robert Peel will be Prime Minister one day. 
 And you believe she should overcome her dislike. 
 I see. 
 (Drunken muttering) 
 You think you can run faster than the constable? 
 Yeah! 
 Hey, stop, you little thief! 
 Come back here, you little rascal! 
 (Coughing) 
 (Baby wails) 
 (Knocks on door) 
 Nein. Nein. Bringt eine andere. 
 Exactly the man I would like to see. 
 Which necktie do you prefer? 
 I would like to look my best tonight. 
 (Speaks German) 
 I saw you today with the Duchess of Sutherland. 
 Yes, she is a keen toxophilite. 
 She's a married woman, Ernest. 
 I know. 
 Even Papa does not seduce other men's wives. 
 No. But I don't think Papa has ever fallen in love either. 
 I think it would be best if you went back to Coburg. 
 Well, I would like to stay... for your speech, to give you my support. 
 At the moment, I don't know if I can... 
 Well, you should go home. I must face this alone. 
 Ja. 
 But you are not alone, are you? 
 (Coughing nearby) 
 Mrs Ashdown? 
 My name is Charles Francatelli. I'm a... friend of Miss Skerrett's. 
 She asked me to give you this. 
 (Child coughs) 
 Thank you. 
 May I come in? 
 You shouldn't. It's not safe. 
 I brought protection. 
 80 per cent proof. 
 You're braver than the doctor. He won't come down here. 
 For the baby? 
 She won't stop coughing. 
 I've been so worried. 
 Chin up, hey? 
 (Child coughs) 
 Maybe I can help. 
 Why would you help me? 
 We don't know each other. 
 I know Miss Skerrett. 
 I know how much she worries about you. 
 You must like her very much. 
 His Grace, the Duke of Wellington. 
 Her Majesty, the Queen, and His Royal Highness, Prince Albert. 
 I shall miss you, my dear nephew. 
 But you will be back soon. 
 A christening, perhaps. 
 Perhaps. 
 Good evening, Your Royal Highness. Lady Cecilia. 
 Actually, Wellington, my wife is now Duchess of Inverness. 
 A discretionary title? 
 The Queen has deployed her arsenal. 
 My congratulations, Duchess. 
 Duke. 
 His Royal Highness, the Duke of Sussex, Her Grace, the Duchess of Inverness. 
 Uncle Sussex. 
 May I present my wife? 
 Your Majesty. 
 I am glad to meet you at last... Duchess. 
 Delighted to be here, Ma'am. 
 Shall we? 
 Our little Queen has become rather good at getting what she wants. 
 Don't you think, Duke? 
 Women! 
 Did you see Wellington's face when The Duke of Sussex gave way to you? 
 Don't you think I've managed it all rather neatly? 
 I think the way you handled it was faultless. 
 You're extraordinary. 
 Albert, what's the matter? 
 I thought you would be pleased. We've won. 
 I think this is your victory... not mine. 
 (Clock ticking) 
 How splendid to be a king with 15 children. 
 Who went mad. 
 (Chuckles) 
 I think that my brother will have a very happy marriage. 
 Yes. He loves the Queen enough. 
 But I do not think that I will be so lucky. 
 Truly happy marriages are rare. 
 In my experience. 
 I wanted to tell you that I will be going back to Coburg shortly. 
 Albert thinks that I will be safer there. 
 (Scoffs) Safer? 
 I hardly think you're in much danger from a harmless flirtation with a married woman. 
 You think that this is harmless? 
 Don't you? 
 No. 
 Then I must wish you bon voyage. 
 Promise me you will take care. 
 I will be fine, brother. 
 Just hurry up and produce a son so I may be a godfather, yeah. 
 Make sure you look after my brother. 
 (Whispers in German) 
 You will miss him very much? 
 I hope you have enjoyed your stay, sir. 
 I will never forget it. 
 For 20 years, we've been together every day. 
 But now I have you... and soon we will have our own family. 
 Welcome to England, Mr Barrett. 
 (Low chatter) 
 I just got a letter from Mrs Ashdown. 
 She's very happy in her new lodgings. 
 She asked me to tell you how grateful she is. 
 How's the baby? 
 Still has a cough but Mrs Ashdown thinks now they are out of the city, it will get better. 
 I'm glad. 
 I used to fancy myself a good judge of men, but I can't think of many people who would do what you did for a stranger. 
 So... 
 I didn't do it for her. 
 I suppose you want something in return. 
 Yes. 
 Yes, Miss Skerrett, I do. 
 I find myself thinking about you sometimes when I'm at my sugar work and I find it hard to concentrate because... 
 I... don't know your name. 
 Your real name, that is, the name you were born with. 
 So, er... that is what I would like. 
 My name? 
 Nancy. 
 Thank you... Nancy. 
 Just... speak up and smile occasionally. 
 If I see you looking too stern I shall make an objection. 
 I shall be looking out for you. 
 Good luck. 
 Thank you. 
 The first time you speak, you should call him 'Your Royal Highness'. 
 After that, you can call him 'sir'. 
 Should I tell him he can call me Jonas if he wants? 
 It is usual not to speak to royalty until you are spoken to. 
 That's a system I am familiar with. 
 Now I'm here, I'm a little nervous. 
 Perfectly natural, sir. 
 If I see Victoria, I will not stumble. 
 (Door squeaks open) 
 Miss Mott and Miss Cabot, from Boston, and this is Mr Barrett, who was a slave in Virginia until he made a most valiant escape. 
 Was your escape very difficult, Mr Barrett? 
 Once I got away from the bloodhounds it became a little easier. 
 But I didn't mind the hardships because I knew I was on the way to freedom, thank the Lord. 
 It is good that you are here today. 
 And it is good that you're here today... sir. 
 I'm glad to be of some use. 
 Please. 
 I hope I am not late. 
 No, Ma'am. 
 The proceedings have not yet begun. 
 Mr Buxton has asked me to apologise in advance for not having organised a Royal box. 
 But I assured him that you would not mind. 
 I have come incognito. 
 Forgive me, Ma'am, but your disguise is not impenetrable. 
 You will be the cynosure of all eyes. 
 Do you know, Lehzen... 
 I find I am feeling a little faint. 
 Faint, Majesty? 
 Yes. 
 Faint. 
 I think I shall return to the palace. 
 I think that is a wise decision, Ma'am. 
 Anson... don't tell the Prince until afterwards. 
 I don't want him to be distracted. 
 Understood, Ma'am. 
 His Royal Highness Prince Albert. 
 (Clears throat) 
 As President of the British And Foreign Anti-Slavery Society... I am glad to see so many people here. 
 This... 
 This barbarous trade is repugnant to Christianity and the blackest stain upon civilised Europe. 
 Mankind, born and brought up in a civilised society... are physically and morally speaking... 
 I have been induced... to preside over the meeting of this Society from a conviction of its paramount importance I deeply... to the great interests of humanity... of the benevolment and persevering exertions of England to abolish that atrocious traffic in human beings have not, as yet, led to... this great country will not relax in its efforts until it has finally, and forever, put an end to a state of things... our exertions in so holy a cause, and that we may, at no distant period, be rewarded by the accomplishment of the great and humane object for the promotion of which we have this day met. 
 Thank you. 
 I must congratulate you, sir. 
 That was a fine speech. 
 Thank you, Sir Robert. 
 This time, it seems, we are on the same side. 
 How did your speech go? 
 I think it was well received. 
 I wish you had been there to hear me. 
 This was your victory, my angel... not mine. 
 You're not tired any more? 
 No. 
 Not at all. 
 ...five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. 
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. 
 One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... 
 What are you doing? 
 N-Nothing. 
 Did someone tell you to do this? 
 Lehzen said if I... didn't want to have children right away... 
 Of course I want children. Your children, Albert. 
 Just... not yet. 
 You know, Lehzen is misinformed. 
 The only way to avoid conception is erm... abstinence. 
 Is that what you want, Victoria? 
 Abstinence? 
 It is incumbent upon Your Majesty to nominate a Regent. 
 Your Queen is sick. 
 Wellington : If the Queen dies, are we to be ruled by a German? 
 Harriet : Chillington Hall is well situated for your research. 
 May I ask where you stand on the matter of the regency? 
 (Giggles) 
 I do not hunt. I shoot. 
 If I wish to bring railways or anything to the attention of the English people, then I shall do it myself! 
 This is the future! 
 (Train whistles) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 