Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - The Serpent - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - The Serpent https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23296 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/20/13 19:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - The Serpent 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Leonardo da Vinci. 
 You're the eccentric that Verrocchio employs. 
 I'm an artist and an anatomist and an engineer of some note. 
 Search for the Book of Leaves. Fate has chosen you. Where do I start my search? The hanged man. The Jew that was hanged - I want to unearth his body. My mistress insisted that you be the one to capture her beauty. (Gasps and shrieks) I sense the Vatican's hand behind this. You need weapons of your own Your Magnificence. This will greatly increase your firepower. The Medicis have employed him to design siege weapons. You know this how? I have an agent within Lorenzo's ranks. (Bell tolling and man screaming) He told you time is a river? He told me the river was circular. That one man's death paves the way for the birth of another. Indeed, and men like ourselves, we can change the river's course. I'm like you, then? I find that hard to believe. You don't know who I am, do you? (Whimpering) My brother and I... Your bandits tried to take my honor. Where? Down the path, to the left. Hurry! This way. In you go. Go on, in. Alright. You should be safe in there. Come on. I'm sorry - the fools locked the gate. The fools are worth worrying about. A locked gate... not so much. There is no yesterday, you see. No tomorrow. Time is all one single continuum. We have met, haven't we? Of course. We're brothers. Who are you? Start with your heel, roll to your toe. I already have a maestro. Keep da Vinci's counsel, but enhance it. There. What is it? They don't like their graves being violated, so they cover them in sand and letters to alert them of mischief. What does it say? Funnily enough... 'Taken.' I'm a son of earth and starry heaven. I'm thirsty. Please... give me something to drink from the fountain of memory. See, as I have seen... ..into infinity... and you will be a god. But know this. You will... suffer. (Gasps) One corpse. Freshly plucked. Was it a nightmare, maestro? No, it was something else entirely. Take notes, would you? I perceive the expected marks from strangulation. Crushed larynx. Nico. Diminished musculature. Likely from malnutrition. Circumcised member. I've never seen one of those before. What is that? A missing fingernail, on the right digitus primus. Leo, what are you doing? The Turk said to start my quest with a hanged man. Specifically, the seat of the soul. It's a euphemism for the stomach. (Squelching) The missing fingernail. Odd that he would ingest it. (Laughs) Oh...! One man's death opens the doorway for another. (Jingling) Did your husband give you that? It's a family heirloom. From Ceylon. It's a stone called Serendibite. What's troubling you? Count Riario is coming to pay us a visit. For what purpose? Oh, nothing pleasant, I'm sure. But I'll be expected to wine and dine him, whilst hosting the rest of Florence's elite. Will you come? You can keep Riario entertained. Will Clarice be there? Of course. We can steal glances throughout the evening. (Chuckles) I'll even invite that scoundrel, if you like. Da Vinci. The one who's supposed to be painting your portrait. And building me a weapon. (Door closing) You're late, son. Contract - signed. And now binding. Did you not even read it? We'd agreed the terms. But not the administration of those terms. I told you to stay away. I let you know there would be consequences. What do you think you've done? Painting Lucrezia Donati, fraudulently leading the Medicis to believe you can deliver preposterous weapons. You've overreached, and now I've made it so you'll soon be gone. There isn't a contract you can devise that can contain me. You're the b*st*rd son of a servant girl I spilled my seed into. Your heritage contains you. (Sighs) (Groaning) (Shrieks) No! What's wrong? What's changed? Something's shifted in you since last we met. Perhaps it's just you and me here in Lorenzo's home. Feeling guilty? It's not as if I don't have affection for him. Or perhaps... ..I'm guilty about feeling guilty. It's not as if I don't have affection for you as well. Which guilt do you prefer, then? I have known Lorenzo since I was a girl. I've known you a week. That's not an answer. Well... The Jew they executed... What was his offence? He said he had to run from cut-throats... and he took refuge in a bookstore. The authorities suspect he stole something, but nothing was missing, and the bag he carried was empty. So, they hanged a man... for stealing something that wasn't missing. The scene of the crime requires further investigation. Does it? (Door opening) Lorenzo : Prepare the horses! I want to be off at once. Oh... You've finished already? Yes. Signor da Vinci had somewhere to be. Ah, yes. He's testing his gun for us. Today he gives Florence its sting... while I show him mine. It's quite considerate he left us a moment to be alone. Mmm... (Chuckles) Lorenzo, anybody could walk in. I just needed a bit of you. And you will have it... for it is yours alone. Good luck today. We're off! Good luck. That bit of you... It's not his alone. No... it's not. But it will always be his first. Do you have any saltpeter? What do you need potassium nitrate for? Gunpowder. The maestro's designing a weapon. He calls it the pipe-organ musket. The recoil will kill him. Don't worry. He's worked it out. By God... he's corrupted you already. Over there, third shelf, between the vermillion and the ultramarine. And tell him I expect to be paid in coin, not idle boasts, like last time. Come on. God! Careful, Giuliano. f*cking hell! What are we doing here, in the middle of nowhere? Where is he? Perhaps he's simply late. Or perhaps he realized what he proposed was more than a flying party trick. I wouldn't be surprised if he had no intention of coming here. I'm telling you - the man's a lunatic and a coward. God! sh1t! Keep control of yourself - they're only cut-outs. Quickly! Soldiers advancing on Florence! How... how dare you? You are pointing a weapon at the house of Medici! Men, take him! Hold. It passed its first test. It's done nothing. No, it's done a great deal. Intimidation. Now, if you will proceed to the gallery... we will proceed to testing its less ephemeral utility. You've picked quite a day for it. (Thunder) Yes. You like it? I think it adds to the verisimilitude. I question the company the maestro keeps. That man's a known reprobate. Are these soldiers meant to be Swiss? And you would be...? Commander Quattrone, leader of the Florentine militia. His Magnificence thought it wise to bring a military strategist along. In order to better evaluate your work. I wish I'd brought a boat. Well, he has a keen eye. What you see here is a representation of Rome's private mercenary regiment. It's a bit of theatrics, but often presentation is more than half the performance. Well, get on with it, da Vinci. While you delay, we drown. Where was I? Yes. Come on. Quickly! Soldiers advancing on Florence! Yes, yes, yes. The man is mad. (Shrieks and groans) (Coughing and spluttering) The house of Medici has invested hundreds of florins in this project. According to your contract, the failure of this contraption  constitutes fraud. Men, take him away. On your feet, maestro. Hold. You have one week, artista. Lorenzo, no. The materials alone will cost another 200 florins. One week. (Groans) That sounds... quite reasonable. (Shouting and animals grunting) Woman : I'll have two, if the price is right. I'm gonna have words with you, boy. We found footprints in the graveyard where the Jew's body was stolen. A donkey's, a man's and a child's. Long-toed poulaines... such as you are wearing. (Thud) Do you know who I am? I am Lord Girolamo Riario. Count and Captain General of the Holy Roman Church. Nephew of His Holiness... ..Pope Sixtus IV. Signor Morgante has informed us of your grave-robbing exploits. I don't know what you mean. Don't insult us, boy. We're well aware of who your master is. Erm... Your Excellency, there was the matter of payment. Hmm. Yes, of course. Captain Grunwald. (Grunts) (Gasps) Jesus! (Whimpering) Now that we've established my propensity for directness, I trust our conversation will proceed smoothly. Now, we're interested in why da Vinci required the Jew's body, and, lest you be tempted to feign further ignorance, I wanted to demonstrate a remarkable device I recently acquired from the Orient. It's called... the Widow's Tear. (Whimpering) No! The source of the discomfort you're feeling is an exquisitely tooled  diamond needle, the titular Widow's Tear. And as I turn the handle, the diamond... (Groans) ..slowly incises a circle of skin, from the back of the hand, one layer of epidermis at a time. (Whimpering) Now, I want you to weigh your next answer very, very carefully. Why did da Vinci unearth the Jew's body? Very well. Another turn. (Whimpering) Stop! Stop, stop. Shhh, shhh. It's alright, Nico. Just a few simple words, and we can end all this unpleasantness. He was searching... The Jew swallowed something. What, child? A key. Leave nothing unturned. Just find the key. Man : Rip it apart! Stop! You won't find it. (Creaking) That's what you're looking for. Open it. I can't. It's locked. Hack it apart. (Hammering and clanking) Wait a moment! Man : Let's get out of here! Hurry! Let's get out of here! You, boy...! You...! You have defied instruments of the Lord's will! (Knocking) Man : Leonardo! Go! Go! Leonardo! Are you alright? Oh! Oh, merciful heaven! What happened here? These men are agents of the papacy. What, it wasn't enough to tangle with the Medicis? Now you're...? Leo, you're talking about the Pope. Not to worry. They could only have our entrails torn out. Nico, who did this to you? Count Riario. The papal nephew and attack dog? He snatched me from the market. I told him... I'm sorry. I told him you took the key from the Jew's body. Well, you may have told them that, but you showed them something else. Hey, you've done something exceptional, Nico. You've saved your own life, into the bargain. Halt! Be still. Our visitor was expected. You know I can't be seen with you. There are too many prying eyes. If I had been stopped on the road... You needn't lecture me on the necessity of discretion. I wouldn't jeopardize such a valuable asset as yourself without ample reason. Now, take these. A list of secure locales hidden throughout Florence. I need more information. Details of Lorenzo and da Vinci's activities. If you have something pertinent to convey, inscribe the Greek letter alpha above whichever locale is convenient. If we have something to convey to you, we will inscribe the letter omega. Are you clear on all this? That's the official papal seal. Mark your messages with it. And one final thing. What is it? Instructions will be forthcoming. In the meantime, keep it hidden. Now, da Vinci... Has your celebrated artist made any mention of a key? What about the Jew? He asked about his capture. He wanted to return to the scene of the crime. That's how he put it. He was preoccupied with why a Jew would hide in a bookshop. Why would da Vinci concern himself with a bookshop? I don't know. Perhaps da Vinci is more clever than you. But then that would be heresy, wouldn't it? Keep an eye on that bookshop. If we're lucky, da Vinci will complete our investigations for us. And you, Miss Donati, do continue ensnaring Lorenzo and da Vinci with that... pretty little c**t of yours. You're a b*st*rd. Yes. And the architect of my pedigree is the Holy Father himself. Now, go, lest the prying eyes of Florence see us together and question your already compromised character. She grows more impertinent with every encounter. Hmm. Even a mouse occasionally bears its teeth when it's about to be crushed. Scudos, the papal currency. Let's review the events again, da Vinci. They took the boy and ransacked your workshop. What were they looking for? My weapon designs. Well, let Rome have them. By this time next week, they'll have decimated themselves. By this time next week, they could decimate US! Lorenzo... Open your eyes, brother! We no longer enjoy Milan's protection. I want your men to surround this building. No-one to come in or out, save da Vinci and the boy. You will accompany da Vinci wherever he goes. Oh, I hardly think that's necessary! (Gasps) Go. You have three days for a successful fire of your gun. If it fails, there will be no second chances. There will be no trial. You will hang. Whatever you need to accomplish this you will possess. Money, materials, men. Make your vision real, da Vinci... for your very life. When the black hood pulls the lever... be sure to clench. (Chuckles) Those guards are going to make it difficult to sneak off to the tavern. Did you hear what he said? Yes. (Grunts) I need to think. And if I need to think, I need to drink. This place is wonderful. So much better than the convent. A million thanks to you, Leonardo. What are you doing? I'm trying to envisage what kind of lock the notches on this key correspond to. Nico, do you have that coin the Turk gave you? Ahh. I thought so. Two keys. Whatever lock this corresponds with, I'd wager the key represents only half of the mechanism needed to open it. Leo, honestly, who cares? Just give the damn thing to Riario. Inspiration can't be forced. Oh, well, tell that to the hangman-- Hangman : Inspiration cannot be forced Look, the fact that Riario would jeopardize a formal visit to acquire this is telling. Obviously, it's linked to the Book of Leaves. The Turk confirmed it. Of course, the Turk. Your mystery man. Yes! And since we have a mystery here... I intend to see it through. What mystery? The Jew stole a key. He swallowed it to prevent his pursuers from getting it. Why would he break into a bookshop? That's where the key was in the first place. That's why he broke in. No, the narrative doesn't hold up. The bookshop reported nothing missing. Oh, for f*ck's sake! And his bag was empty. And why the fingernail? And why was the Jew being pursued... before the bookshop? According to the Count, the Jew crossed the piazza and then entered the road here. Perhaps someone witnessed the event. 
 
 Please, signor, can you offer any charity? Tell me, good man. Were you here the night the Jew was caught? Indeed I was, for this is my home, and I have no other. Can't you see this man's blind? Shhh. (Rattling) A florin, signor? You could identify that by its sound? I am well versed in the respective tones of our realm's coinage. If you would, could you describe what you heard that night? With pleasure. It was a cold night. When I first heard the shouts, I thought I was dreaming. They were coming from the Duomo. Then I heard the Jew's footsteps and his breath. He was terrified. I could tell that. Then he fell. Dropped something. Pages fluttering like bird's wings. Then I heard the Jew say, 'Wo, wo?' Wo, wo? And I heard more shouts, his pursuers calling after him. I did not understand a word they said, except for 'halt'. Halt. How does this shed light on your mystery? The men chasing the Jew spoke a foreign tongue, yet they used the word 'halt'. Only German and English use that. So...? So, the Swiss mercenaries employed by Rome speak German, and they must have assumed the Jew understood it, since most Jews speak Yiddish, a form of German. The word 'wo' in Yiddish means 'where'. The Jew wasn't fearful. He was searching for something. See, I believe he had two items in his possession. The first was small enough for him to swallow - the key. The second was larger, forcing him to find a hiding-place. A book. Precisely. And where would one best hide a book? Would you mind skulking around, making the proprietor apprehensive? Why me? Well, because you reek of dishonesty. (Groans) As usual. Signor Vesticci, how goes it? Tell me - how many rows of shelves do you have? Ten. What of it? You there - did you just stuff something into your robes just now? I beg your pardon? I was simply hefting the weight of this tome. The fingernail was a clue to the second item's location. Ten shelves. Ten fingers. Now, we're facing the west. It would be more obvious, when counting, to face the opposite direction, the east and the rising sun. Additionally, Hebrew is the sacred language of the Jews, read from right to left. So, if we count from the right... ..we get row number five. Blood. Now, we know he bit off his fingernail. Look, Nico. There. Dust. No-one's disturbed these books in ages. But here... There's no dust at all on this book. Written in Hebrew, no less. I think we've found item number two. I take it all back. If you had tits, I'd marry you. So, you long for the soul of a man but the breasts of a woman? You have a treacherous road ahead, my friend. Artista, you will come with us. If you resist... Well, just ask your little friend about Riario's hospitality. Well, unfortunately, we will have to decline the Count's invitation. What is that? Well, you're acquainted with my infernal devices. The exploding chest, in my workshop. Well, this works on the same principle. It is a grenado. It's packed with gunpowder. Activated by a push-button on its base. And if I remove my thumb... (Gasps)  ..the device will explode. He's lying. It's a snuff-box. Don't test my resolve. I do not care for you to die, on this day or any other. You think the greatest mind in all of Europe needs to bluff? Then try us. There's a vendor nearby that sells those things. This is da Vinci you're staring down. It's a snuff-box. It's a f*cking grenado. f*ck me. Split up. After him! Halt! You won't get away from us! Halt! Halt! Stay where you are! Got him! sh1t! sh1t. Stop! (Yells) (Screams) (Yells) Oh, please, give Riario my regrets! (Chuckles) Count Riario, if you'd be so kind. Signor di Medici. Lady Orsini. Thank you most humbly for the hospitality you've extended to our modest delegation. We are only too happy to receive Rome's favored son. Lord Girolamo. We are ecstatic. Shall you and I retire to my study for a few moments? Drop the niceties, Riario. Your men broke into my artist's studio. I want to know why. Word of da Vinci has reached the Holy Father's ears. He's tasked me with finding artisans to adorn the great chapel he's building. I thought... Do you know what? An exploratory meeting might be in order. And was the death of your men part of that exploration? Only retroactively, but it taught me a few things about your man and made me anxious to make his acquaintance. Da Vinci is a mere dilettante. An amusement. Nothing more. And yet I'm told you've advanced him a stipend of 50 florins. Quite a handsome allowance for a mere dilettante. Rome hears every whisper, Lorenzo. Even outlandish ones concerning artisans capable of constructing war machines. The manufacture of armaments could be construed as a provocative move. As could the assassination of Duke Sforza. Or the refusal to pay one's debts. Usury. It's such an unseemly business. I hear the Holy Father is now borrowing money from the Pazzi family. Is he planning on bilking them as well? Since we're on the subject of provocations, I believe it's time I stated the purpose of my visit. His Holiness wishes to inform you of his choice for the Archbishop of Pisa. Pisa falls under Florence's jurisdiction. Nevertheless, the selection has been made. His Holiness has appointed Francesco Salviati. Your cousin. Hmm. Well... It appears congratulations are in order. Please, inform the Holy Father  that you and Salviati should assemble the largest army you can find... because the only way you're setting foot in Pisa is if I am dead and buried. I see. So, that's your proposed condition? Rome fired the first salvo, not I. And we intend to fire the last. Good night, Magnifico. How in Christ's name did he know all that? Troubling. (Door slamming) (Dogs barking) You look very fetching in your night shirt. What are you doing, skulking around? I could have hurt you. With a drafting compass? Why are you here, Leonardo? I can't go to my quarters. The Vatican's thugs are looking for me. Lorenzo's men have been in and out of here all day, looking for you. Lorenzo gave me a deadline on my musket. Frankly, I'm not sure I can make it. I'm not surprised. You have three layers of cannons on top of one another. Yes? Mm-hm. Well, there's going to be some powder contamination between the tiers. Look, I promised Lorenzo a musket that could be fired and loaded simultaneously. This is a dangerous game you're playing with Lorenzo. Have you overreached? Christ, Andrea! The whole point of progress is overreaching. Why doesn't anyone understand that? Drink. Now, do you want to tell me what this is all really about? Have you heard of the Book of Leaves? It's a myth. No more real than a unicorn. I believe it exists. A book of wonders, containing the secret history of the world? Please! The Jew that was hanged. Hm? This was his. Your Hebrew's better than mine. Perhaps you can tell me what it concerns. It's... it's a treatise on the origins of the universe. Astronomy. It keeps referring to the Vault of Heaven, how it can be opened. Or perhaps... Ah-ha. So, the Vault of Heaven could refer to the night sky. So, perhaps the Book can be found by looking for a constellation. Leo, give up on this fool's errand and focus on your commission. Stop borrowing trouble based on a fable. This fable... is bound up in the fate of my mother. I can draw anything I've seen, Andrea. Anything. But I can't draw her face. I've tried. I can't. I can't. I just can't remember it. If there's any knowledge to be had of her bound up in this quest... I need to see it through. Then your need will most likely end up getting you killed. Hmm. (Music and laughter) He told me the linens were from Naples. Isn't that right, dear? Me, a textile merchant. I suggested he start getting his wine from the Orient, while he's at it. Shouldn't you be working on Lorenzo's musket? Well, unlike you, I'm capable of doing two things at the same time. Drinking and digging your own grave. Yours. The question you asked of me earlier. Which gift do I prefer? You seem very uncomfortable. I don't often attend affairs such as this. Well, I do. It's a confection of pretence and masks. Smile. Lorenzo's watching us. (Clapping hands) Your pardons and indulgences. Your pardons and indulgences. Welcome, all of you... to a feast of Florence,  so full of life and vibrancy. (Applause) So like Eden. (Pipes and drums playing) Full of fresh fruits. Full of bird and game. Full of nature's grace. (Hissing) (Applause) So like Eden... but, of course, Eden had guests. As do we. (Laughter) Of course, our guest is somewhat more pleasant than the serpent. (Laughter) Please let us welcome Count Girolamo Riario, emissary from Rome,  to our Eden, to our Florence. Dinner is served. (Door opens) What do you see? I know who you are; You know who I am. We both know what's transpired. Now, tell me: what do you see? I believe I saw someone call you a snake in front of all those people. And I see a key that you will be giving to me... along with what you took from that bookstore. Well, both the key and the book the Jew hid are quite useless, unless one has the intellect required to find the Vault of Heaven. Then I'll have you as well. Why would I surrender myself to Rome? Perhaps you value your life? Not enough to betray Florence. Then... perhaps you value the life of another a little more. I know desire when I see it, and I am very well versed in the myriad ways  of exploiting it. You know, this doesn't have to be contentious, da Vinci. Join us, and the whole of the Vatican's secret archives can be at your disposal. You're offering me forbidden fruit now. That's what serpents do, isn't it? Meet me tomorrow at sunrise. And then the key, all of its secrets... can be yours. And your services? Surely, if I'm to find the Book of Leaves, I'll need those, as well? What is he doing? - He's playing with a bottle. Of course he is. I'll admit he eluded us once, but this time we're ready for him. (Horses' hooves) There. It makes sense. He was already working with the Roman scum. Do we need any more proof? He is complicit with them. Consider this a retainer. For your services to Rome. Why do you hesitate, da Vinci? This is the next step. Sorry. I don't follow you. Why did you exhume the Jew? Why do you endeavor to find the Vault? I don't endeavor. I've found it. The Vault of Heaven, which, presumably, contains the Book of Leaves. I've had it put on wheels, so I might move it for safekeeping. Apparently, it requires two keys to open. The Jew. The Vault. The Book. You've done all this, because you want to know what's next. Between the base animal clawing for money and the enlightened man's reach for God  lies knowledge. You just want to know what's next. I do too. Oh, that's not what you want. You want to suppress knowledge. No. I want to administer it. Someone has to. Why not an agent of God? Well, if God exists, surely, He intended His knowledge to be shared by all? The truth is, progress frightens you and your ilk. (Chuckles) Not at all. We embrace it. Really?! Really? Are we at an impasse, then? That would be unfortunate. This is your last chance for an amicable partnership. I decline your offer. (Shouting) I pledge allegiance to Lorenzo the Magnificent, his foolish brother,  and the whole of Florence! You want to tame Florence, but I prefer it wild,  for all its quirks and criminals. So, why don't you scurry on back to Rome (Explosions) (Screams) You hurt my friend! Go! Run, you fools! (Screams) (Gasping and choking) I'm sorry. I did warn you. Why aren't we meeting at the palace? I come here to retreat from public life. And the words I would have with you aren't meant to be public. I believe there may be a spy in my court. Riario knew the details of our arrangement,  the exact amount of the stipend I've advanced you. You suspect my allegiance? No. No, the fact that you just killed six of the papal guard  releases you from the circle of suspicion. Hmm. No, you wanted me to witness your meeting with Riario today, didn't you? What makes you say that? Well, you managed to evade my officers, even though I insisted they watch over you, and then today, conveniently, you slip up. You intended for us to track you to the quarry. I thought you'd appreciate seeing the gun work on real opponents, not wooden ones. How did you fix the gun's flaws? The cannons needed more separation, so the rotating drum I fashioned did just that. And can your musket now be produced on a large scale? Well, given the resources, absolutely. Then you will have them. You have done well, da Vinci. We struck Riario quite a blow today. But it won't be long before he retaliates. Lorenzo, we don't have much... I thought we were alone. It's all right, Lucrezia. It's only da Vinci. And I trust we can rely on his discretion. Absolutely. Good man. Get to work, maestro. Florence is counting on you. (Chuckles) Why do you laugh? One day, Lupo, all that you see here will fall under Rome's rule. And if that day happens a bit further down the road, because of da Vinci's intervention... so be it. But he has the key. That makes him one step closer to obtaining the Book of Leaves. Let him keep it for now. At least we know where it is. And besides... the key is useless without its counterpart. And what if da Vinci obtains that? He won't. How do you know? Because I have it! (Chuckles) And now you know, dear Lupo... why I find the whole affair so amusing. Why the long face, Leo? The maestro's never satisfied. The possibility of perfection, another puzzle looming over the horizon. How many letters are in the Hebrew alphabet? 27. There are 27 illustrations in this book. So...? Have you gone mad? Help me move this table back. Hebrew, as we've already established, is written from right to left. If the first illustration corresponds with the first page of the alphabet... Aleph. ..and the second page corresponds with the second... Beth. ..And the third page follows the same pattern... Gimel. Do you see how the gold lines up from one page to the next? Have you heard of steganography? It's cryptography developed by the Greeks. It means 'concealed writing'. It's basically hiding a coded message in plain sight. Leaves in a forest. Make a grid of three rows, each of them nine across... What is it? Patience, Nico. As with most puzzles... it needs to be viewed from a different perspective. (Creaking and whirring) The Vault of Heaven isn't a metaphor. It's an actual vault, containing the Book of Leaves. And that, gentlemen, is a map, detailing the vault's location. The land this describes doesn't exist. Well, then, we'll just have to discover it, won't we? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 