Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - The Rope of the Dead - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - The Rope of the Dead https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23308 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/14 03:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - The Rope of the Dead 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Lorenzo's lost blood, I'm gonna give him some of mine. 
 I feared I'd lost you. 
 Where am I? 
 You're where you belong. 
 There is goodness in you, there is grace. 
 No one looks on me and sees grace. 
 I do. 
 Storm on the way, could push us into the rocks. 
 This is not how I saw us finding your new world. 
 Nico! 
 Not everyone abandoned him. 
 You dare enter Naples unannounced and meet with my wife in secret? 
 All must earn a seat at my table. 
 Call it a game. 
 Make me a full partner in your plan. 
 The Sword of Osman Gazi. I'm taking it with me. 
 They came here when I was just a little girl. 
 We called them the Sun and the Moon. 
 It is her face I see in yours. 
 She came for the Book of Leaves. 
 My mother. 
 ♪♪ DaVinci's Demons 2x06 ♪ 
The Rope of the Dead 
Original Air Date on April 26, 2014 
 ♪ 
 My dreamer. Soon you will enter the Vault of Heaven. 
 I feared I'd lost you. 
 I've been here before. 
 There is only one way to enter the Vault of Heaven, Leonardo. 
 You must become one with me forever. 
 Your secrets, mine. 
 And my secrets, yours. 
 So... 
 Is this... a marriage proposal? 
 Are you devoted to another? 
 No. 
 (Speaks Quechua) 
 Topa believes you will die in the trials ahead. 
 And he may be right. 
 He will make the ceremony binding us as grueling as possible. 
 He wants the Book always to remain in the Vault. 
 But why would the Book still be in the Vault? 
 When my mother left here, why didn't she take it with her? 
 You mistake my words. 
 I said she went in the Vault. 
 I never said she left it. 
 Not an inch further. 
 You can't have any idea what kind of man he is. 
 I have attended him for years. 
 I speak your language, thanks to him. 
 He is a man much like Da Vinci. 
 They're both dangerous, that's as far as it goes. 
 He released me from slavery, as your friend has made men free. 
 He has seen others die for his goals just as Da Vinci has. 
 And they need each other. 
 If it's come to a point where Da Vinci needs that twisted shitheel, you might as well choke me to death yourself. 
 You will never understand him. 
 There we agree. 
 (Lash of whip) 
 Aargh! 
 Focus past the pain. 
 (Strains) 
 Aargh! 
 Aargh! 
 Tell me about my wife. 
 Aargh! 
 (Chuckles) 
 What was Ippolita like, when you first saw her? 
 What did you have that charmed her? 
 Heroics? (Splutters) 
 Poetry? (Laughs) 
 Money? 
 What did the trick? 
 Alfonso, it was a very long time ago. 
 Aargh! 
 Not for her! 
 She is married to a duke, but still dreams of her past with a common money-lender. 
 You send two whispered words to Ippolita, and she comes running like a bitch for its master. 
 I want to know how you won her. 
 Every detail. 
 It was simple. 
 With my tongue. 
 (Chokes) 
 Filthy f*cking Florentine! 
 You've forgotten your place. 
 You've forgotten where you are, Magnifico. 
 This is not Florence. 
 (Chokes) 
 This is Naples! 
 Where your little ploys of finance count for nothing! 
 Where the depravity of your artists will not stand. 
 Where the only truly holy things are strength... and a good aim. 
 (Speaks Quechua) 
 I'm sorry, what's happening? 
 Topa Inca requires the most demanding of the rituals. 
 Only this will allow Leonardo to enter the Vault of Heaven as my mate. 
 Mate? 
 Sorry, this is your wedding day, Leo, is it? 
 Mm-hm. 
 I give this to you with whom I will share my life. 
 I have nothing to give to you. 
 Perhaps this. 
 Speak the words I spoke to you. 
 'I give this to you. 
 With whom I will share my life.' 
 Next. 
 One of your friends must be willing to spill blood on your behalf. 
 Their own blood or someone else's? 
 That depends upon them. 
 You are best suited to spill blood for your companion. 
 She's a good judge of character, I'll give her that. 
 (Quechua) 
 If there is risk to him involved... let me do it. 
 No. I can do what is required. 
 I require that you remain safe. 
 God will protect me. 
 Lorenzo. 
 Lorenzo! 
 This is Vezzi. 
 He knows something of Ferrante's game. 
 The King subjects those who would petition him to perform a kind of feat. 
 They say it has something to do with archery. 
 You, Lorenzo, are a trained bowman. 
 Man : You are mediocre with a bow on your best of days, Lorenzo. 
 This hardly qualifies as your best of days. Who would speak to me in this way? Come on, then. Out of the shadows with you. Boo! Hello, brother. Lorenzo? Lorenzo. Lorenzo, I tried. Alfonso, he hates you. The game. Ask her about the game. How do I win this... game of his? I do not know. It is a death trap designed by my father-in-law to convince him God is on his side in all affairs of state. A noose around your neck connects to a horse inspired to run. You'll be given a bow and a single arrow. You must, with that arrow, kill the horse before it snaps your neck. It's impossible. Nearly. Only one man has successfully beaten it. Alfonso. His own son? And this is the man you thought you could negotiate with? There is another way, though.. A third option between the impossible and the brutal. You will be given a bow and arrow and be in clear line of sight of King Ferrante. You will have the chance to kill Ferrante before you yourself are slain. It will not save you. But it will make me Queen of Naples. Then I can remove Alfonso myself to end the war between our homes. So...kill a wild horse... or assassinate a mad king with a single shot, whilst a noose dangles at my neck? Excellent. It's all I have to offer. It's not quite the diplomatic conclave you imagined, is it? Viracocha is the creator who brought our people to this land. Leonardo, you must offer your flesh to the animals who attend him. This way. Come. Now what? Ima? Like coils of serpents, both of your fates are entwined. How very poetic. Listen, tonight you must make your way through the cornfield, where three predators will hunger for your blood. Show no mercy. They will show none to you. Before the morning sun hits the ritual altar, you must defeat one final guardian to claim the antidote. (Snake hisses) Agh! Maestro! Unless Leonardo is purified, he will die. And they will all be sacrificed and I'll be helpless to stop it. And these predators you speak of? How exactly do you expect me to... Tonight we feed the earth, either with your blood or theirs. (Groans) My horse is tired. Let's stop for a rest. I said, let's stop. The horse is not tired, you are not tired. No? You hesitate because we're so close to Constantinople, the goal you and your father share. Once we enter the city and the die is cast, terrible things will happen that is not why I hesitate. Then? Ever since we left Rome, I've been thinking about my father. We hadn't seen each other in years and all he could talk about were his games and his schemes. You wonder what kind of man he is? If an evil man hates him... does it make your father a good man? I don't know any more. My father and Alessandro are brothers. Perhaps they're not as different as I thought. Few men are like your father. These strategies take time to unfold. But... Quon? Quon! If I thought you were going to attack me, I would have drugged you both. You drugged him? Forgive me. Aslam Al-Rahim. Before you reach Constantinople, I would like to share something with you. You cannot think I would trust you. And yet Leonardo does. Did he send you? I do not know Da Vinci's fate on the other side of the world. But the Book of Leaves may have fallen into evil hands. So if Da Vinci returns... When he returns. ..you will need to be ready. For what? As I said. Leonardo trusts me. Would you like to know why? (Splutters) You are dying, Leonardo. And your part of the test, my dreamer, will not take place in this world of the living. Then I'm not dead? Am I? You will be at sunrise. Your life force is already untethered. But that is what makes you able to walk between worlds. What is that? Ayahuasca. We call it the rope of the dead. Here. No, no. Drink. No. It will let you see. Perhaps the spirits will reveal to you secrets from the Vault of Heaven. (Gulps and chokes) Ssh, listen. As you walk among the dead, you will find many temptations. But I will guide you on your journey. How will you guide me? We have committed ourselves to one another in the ritual. But to tie you to this world, my dreamer, we must unite our bodies as one. (Grunts) Draw from me here the strength you will need to survive. Give yourself to me. Give yourself to me. Give yourself to me. Your journey has begun. You will see friends and loved ones that journeyed before you. Listen to their words. But be careful. Don't listen too long. Or your life will slip before your eyes, dreamer. (Panting) (Distant shouting) (Shouting and yelling gets closer) These three notes will help keep you on your path. If you hear them, you will know you've strayed too far. This room, Leonardo, is a threshold between worlds. You can find your way back. Just listen to the sound of my voice. As you journey through this place, you must follow the three tones. Or you will be lost to us forever. (Baby crying) Artista? (Shouting) Aargh! (Choking) (Crash of thunder) Giuliano? We meet again, artista. Am I meant to fight you? Each man is given a challenge suited to his skills. For me, it was a battle. Yours...a riddle. 'A vessel I have that's round like a pear Moist in the middle, surrounded with hair And often it happens, water flowers there' Given your celebrated worship of the female anatomy, I'm tempted to answer vulva. That would be too easy. An eye. It's moist and round, surrounded by lashes - hair. Often glistening with tears. As were mine... when I learned of my son. Vanessa. I will protect her. See to it. My life no longer has anything to do with Leonardo's. We are on separate journeys. Believe that if you like. But as we sit here in the bright of day, in the New World, it is the middle of the night. And in this night, something disturbs the underworld. Something calls on souls that cannot find rest. Leonardo trusts me because I show him there are worlds larger than the one he knows. And now I do the same for you. Your sister has words for you. I don't want to see her. This is not a matter of choice. Sister. Amelia. Amelia? I'm so sorry. Don't be. I tried to save you. You couldn't have... I wanted it to be me. The deaths that happened, they had to happen. The deaths that will happen, they have to happen. What? No... No. Wait, no. Revive him. Constantinople awaits. Giuliano : Let's talk about you surviving this thing. Clearly, survival wasn't your area of expertise. No, but I excelled in archery far beyond you. You see, if you wish to hit your mark, whether it's galloping horse or tyrant king,  you must still everything,  mind and body alike. That was never really your strong suit. My entire body is screaming different variations of 'Kill me now.' As loud as it can. Will that be of aid? Piero : To whom do you speak, my lord? The prisoner over there. In my pain, he looks and speaks like Giuliano. He brings me comfort. There hasn't been anyone in that cell in all the time I've been here. 
 
 They think you've gone mad. Perhaps you do, too. As if drawing strength from my memory were not the sanest thing you could do. The question is... whether you're sane enough to accept tutelage from the one man who can help you? You cannot rest now, brother. You must stay awake. You must! For the first time in your life, unless you want your bow hand to wobble, your aim to be false and your neck to snap like kindling, will you at long last listen to me? Yes. Yes, I will listen. You see, I know you, Lorenzo. Some men are driven by love. You are at your best when fueled by rage. All the good in you burns brighter when you see something you despise and that rage drives you to act. Whom do you need to see in that target? Whom do you hate so much that it steadies your aim? I hate Alfonso a fair amount just now. I've half a mind to f*ck his wife crooked once more. Alfonso's just a cruel little daddy's boy. Every time he's inside her, he thinks you were there first. He's far to petty to be worth hating. Ferrante? Sixtus? No, dangerous, deadly but remote. Think harder, brother. Who do you hate? So, old f*cking Cosimo, then. With his legacy and his infernal riddles and mysteries, that he could not entrust to his own blood. Because of his f*cking secrets, our grand inheritance will be our own, violent f*cking deaths, at the hands of these goddamn philistines! Long dead! Long dead! Find your best target, Lorenzo. Quiet down! I'm to be made an example of? The great Ferrante wishes to embarrass me, to humble me. To humble you more, brother. No, I really didn't imagine it would be this difficult for you to answer. Who...do...you...hate? (Shouting in Quechua, thunder crashes) Aargh! Argh! Aargh! (Yells) I know the hand of this painter. Painted some time around 1502, it is said. La Giaconda. The Mona Lisa. Not your best work, in my opinion. Who is this woman? For centuries, the Mona Lisa's identity will be shrouded in mystery. One of many mysteries surrounding your life, but I believe the Turk already told you of that? How your history would be suppressed. What I don't know... One of the many things that I don't know... is why. How quickly would you unfold the answers of a lifetime? Is this my mother? Of course you would think that. I might argue every woman you paint is your mother. f*ck you! The retort of a genius? Well, why do I complete this painting, then? Of all the paintings I start then stop, you've shown me I can finish it. Why do I have to? Ask her. She knows! Doesn't she? Abyssinian : The landscape behind this woman? It's mysterious. Desolate. A sort of...riddle, no? Always another puzzle. Well, it works, does it not? What's this? 'Leonard di ser Piero Da Vinci. Born in Vinci, 1452, Nanterre? France is where I'll die? History is a canvas, constantly repainted. You might die today. Perhaps you are dying as we speak. (Three notes sound) No, no, wait! Wait, I need more time! You were warned not to stay too long. My life is about tempting fate. What if I told you the road ahead would be even more perilous? More painful? I would not stray from it. I hope that is so. The longer you remain here, the greater the price you will pay. (Coughing) You're here? (Sighs) At last. I thought I would not live to see this moment. Who are you? Who am I? (Coughs) I recall being more observant when I was your age. You're me! (Yells) I am the wrath of God! (Yelling) Aaargh! f*ck, f*ck! Die! (Yells) (Thunder rumbles, he howls) I live to be your age, then? That all depends. Just because you see me now, it doesn't mean you will live to see tomorrow. How is this possible? You should have learnt by now. Anything is possible. Did we not experience something similar in our youth? Free me! Well, if you're me... then you know what happens in the years that bridge us. And if I tell you anything... it may change every outcome. You already have just by being here. I forgot just how petulant I could be. Apparently, that's the one thing that doesn't fade with age. We have not the time. What is the most important question that you could ask me? (Coughs and breathes raspingly) Do I find the Book of Leaves? Do you find it? You must protect it. And it will cost you... everything that you hold dear. But you must not let it fall into their hands. Whose hands? You don't know... You don't know yet. The enemies of Man. If it falls into the hands of the Labyrinth, it will bring about a permanent darkness. Ima : Stay on the path, my dreamer. Time is a river and yours is about to run dry. You must go. But please, promise me... Promise me that you will... you will not end up like this. No. Promise me. How? Why? Why are you... Why are we in chains? Because I failed. How? There's no time. And you must go. You must go! Your journey cannot have been in vain. Ima : You have stayed too long, Leonardo. Go! (Three notes) Ima : Come back! Go! The Lord is a man of war. The Lord is his name. Those who would join me at my table be similarly worthy. Warriors baptized in blood. In his name. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Game of Thrace is simple. And it removes from my presence those who are not worthy of bargaining with me. It's fiendish, Lorenzo. Unless your aim is perfect, your strength great enough to kill the poor beast with a single shot. Then, snap. (Whinnies) Long live Florence! Pull the lever! (Laughs) Constantinople. Its new ruler is pleased to rename it Istanbul, a city the likes of which has never been seen before. Nor shall ever be seen again. Your sister spoke of death. That wasn't my sister. You know whom you saw. The memory will serve you. Someday there will be a man who would  serve the Labyrinth, who would use the Book of Leaves for death. You must make him listen to you, Signora Donati. You alone can make him listen. What is this Labyrinth? Who is the man that you speak of? When you must know, you will know. I wish you luck on your quest. I pray you survive it. And in preparing you for what will come, whether you accept it or not, I have done you a kindness today. And now you owe me. Get up! King Ferrante! As you are like the Lord, full of mercy and wisdom, I plead mercy for my companion Piero. He is here because I am here. He must not be made to face this test. For it is I who seek an audience and not him. If you are the man of character your people say you are, spare him. We understand. And we grant you this boon. If Lorenzo fail in his task, executioner, run your sword through his companion, No! so that his death may be swift and merciful. It is how God would want it. You can do this, Lorenzo. Master your rage and harness it. Name it and you will own it. Clarice. You resent her for not being every woman in the world but you're still proud of her. Dig deeper, brother. Da Vinci. Come on! He may infuriate. But he fights for the same world as you with the same weapons. The traitor Lucrezia. Finally someone worth hating! But most likely dead already. So are you. It doesn't seem to stand in your way. And there it is. No. Yes. Yes. Is it really so surprising? Why, brother? Why me? For one thing, you could have passed this test in an instant. Giuliano : This test and any other. Everything was so easy for me, my life was so easy. It wasn't true. It wasn't true. It's what I thought once, perhaps. But you fought for Florence harder than any of us. Yes, I fought. I fought. And died. And that... that is why you hate me. No one ever wants to say it. A part of us always hates the dead for leaving us. God damn you for dying! Name your hate now. Master it. And loose your f*cking bow. God damn you for dying before me" (Whinnies) Alfonso : No! No! So, Ferrante. No more games! (Quechua) Be swift, my lord. The sun is on its way. Do they expect me to kill you? You must... before you claim this antidote. Ima : Stay on the path, my dreamer. Follow the tones and I will lead you back to me. Do not be tempted by the knowledge you may find. The threshold, Leonardo. You must hurry back! How many years have you lost that you would have had otherwise, artista? Giuliano! Can you make the rest of your life count? Would you have me protect Vanessa or not? I implore you. Strike quickly and with all mercy. What's at stake here is greater than one life, Girolamo. You have told me again and again. Da Vinci must live. Without him, you cannot enter the Vault of Heaven. No, no. You must. You must. Ima : Hurry, my dreamer! Leonardo! You must. Do you remember the story of Solomon and Sheba? Of course. I had such plans. (Wailing) Zita? Tell him I forgive him. Ima : Run to me, Leonardo. Run! Come back to me, Leonardo! Come back, my dreamer, you have stayed too long! Come back! You have returned. Look, your friend has succeeded. I am not his friend. (Quechua) You have passed the test, my dreamer. Thank you. Tomorrow, the Sun and the Moon will enter the Vault of Heaven. As will I. I killed Zita to save you. I know. She forgives you. Know this, Da Vinci. If we depart this place without the Book of Leaves, I will kill you myself. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 