Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - The Hierophant - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - The Hierophant https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23301 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/01/13 21:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - The Hierophant 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You will need to find the Book of Leaves. 
 And you are closer every day. 
 Lorenzo makes an embassy to the Duke of Urbino. 
 Brilliant! 
 He seeks to create a new military alliance. 
 It's too long since I led my men into combat. 
 Our proposal is timely indeed. 
 End the House of Medici. 
 Before I end you. 
 Those caught roaming the streets after curfew get put in my little book. 
 Anyone who breaks curfew, for the slightest reason, will be put down here. 
 Including the true spy whom you believe framed Becchi. 
 You've seen what happens when people question the plans of the Vatican, haven't you? 
 Giuliano, you'd make a fine husband for Camilla. 
 The key. 
 It's waiting in Rome. 
 Your mother, she's alive. 
 ♪ 
♪ Da Vinci's Demons 1x07 ♪ 
The Hierophant 
Original Air Date on May 31, 2013 
 ♪ 
 He's alone. 
 For the first time in days. 
 See for yourself, Zo. 
 Careful. 
 The lenses are delicately balanced. 
 Why is he here while the rest of the city's busy with the carnival. 
 What's the name on that headstone? 
 I can't make it out. 
 The lenses can be adjusted. 
 Here. 
 Celia Lysimachus. 
 That's a Jewish surname. 
 Explains why she's buried in a pauper's graveyard. 
 Who is she? 
 And what is she to Riario? Maybe only gets stiff for the stiff. You might be right. He's on the move. Maestro, look, we've been following Riario for days. If he sees us... He won't. Leo, while I'm not about to piss down my leg, I have to side with Nico. The Abyssinian claimed the other key's here but look around. Rome's been growing for thousands of years. An object looking for a place to hide couldn't have chosen a better home. Indeed. And that's why we're going to liberate it from the one place Riario would expect it to be safe. The Vatican's Secret Archives. (Bell rings) (Plainsong) Remember, man, that thou art dust and unto dust thou shalt return. Turn away from sin, Clarice. And be faithful to the Gospel. I try, brother. As Matthew urges, I pray for those who persecute me. Remember, man, that thou art dust and unto dust thou shalt return. (Bell rings) I've got the guard rotations for the south entrance. Tight as a nun on Good Friday. We've examined every entrance, window, tunnel, hole in the bloody wall. Getting in uncaught is impossible. You do realize 'impossible' is just a word that makes me try even harder. Maestro, sentries patrol every possible entrance. In fact, here come two now. Don't worry, my friends. Long as they think you're Jews here in the ghetto, you have nothing to fear. As Jews we are beneath notice. You see, they pay no attention because you wear the yellow. Thank you for taking us in. Even if you are not out to undermine our oppressors, friends of Zo are always welcome because he has so few. What about the Castel Sant Angelo that connects to the Vatican? If I can devise a way to reach the tower... Leo, listen. Just listen to me. It's a prison. Okay? Did you enjoy your time in the Bargello that much you're homesick for iron bars? These are the people who put me behind those bars, Zo. And they will pay for their folly. (Bell rings) See you. Farewell. Niccolo. Your wife Lucrezia, she is a believer, is she not? She is, Your Magnificence. Well, is she unwell? I've not seen her of late. She's been caring for an aunt in Siena. I'd hoped she'd be here by now but perhaps God has other plans. Your Excellency, would it be impertinent of me to say you wear your ashes well? I like my women with a bit of cheek. (Clears his throat) Gathered all the curfew ledgers as I asked? I have, signor. Excellent. Bring them to my quarters. Oh, Francesco, Francesco. Buone Feste. Let us heal old wounds. Yes, and put old feuds to death. We look forward to the union of our families. Assuming we can work out the terms of the dowry. He jests. I'm sure it will sort out. Since you've extended the first laurel, we'd like to host an engagement fete for the families at our country estate. A Lord's supper for Holy Saturday. This is good news, Francesco. This is good for Florence and this is good for us all. Till Holy Saturday then. Indeed. Farewell. Well done. Now all you have to do is break the news to Giuliano. Let's be clear on this: I get no choice in this matter. None. Because you are my brother, you get an explanation of why you have no choice. Camilla Pazzi. You can't deny she is attractive. If I needed a new mistress, I'd bed her myself. The Pazzis have other marriageable maidens without so much appeal. Clarice was looking out for you. You decided all this and you didn't even consult me? We thought that if the Pazzis turned us down, we wouldn't have to burden you with it. Easier to say from the seat of the bidder rather than the bidded upon. Do you honestly believe this can work? The Pazzis have been our foes since the days of our ancestor Averardo. Feuds like that don't just go away. This is precisely why marriage was invented! To consolidate power and to settle feuds. Yeah. I always knew I'd pay for being me. Lucrezia. What are you doing in Rome? Who says we're in Rome? How did I get here? I told you I loved you. So I found a way. And don't think I didn't notice you haven't answered my question. It is easier to resist at the beginning than it is at the end. But then again, perhaps you're not capable of love. You stay silent even when I've given you my dearest possession. Can't you tell from this what you mean to me? Can't you tell me what I need to hear? I... Without love, there is no point in living. Hey, hey! Rouse yourselves. Rouse yourselves. I've discovered a way into the Vatican. Bugger off. You're still drunk. What is the one place, the one entrance, where no guard can be found? It's in the water. The sewers were built on the principles of Vitruvius. Designed to flow freely into the city, including into the Vatican. Look, look. The air is delivered into the glass and it allows the flame to live. Now I know you're besotted. You won't fit inside there. Of course not, but we can construct a device of similar properties. Look at these sketches. Here. Here. Look. Look. It's a diving dress. It's modeled on the breathing of a water turtle. Because the air goes in through this line, and then it's exhaled into this forward pouch. Look. We need to gather some items and do it quickly. We've only got a few days. There. Pig's skin, glass... A fishing net... A boat? Yes, a boat. Right. This is the spot. Okay, just continue operating the mechanism at a steady pace until I reach my destination. Once I'm there, I'll plug the end of this line as signal to stop. Leo are you sure of this contraption? We haven't tested it. There's no time if we're to remain undiscovered. It's trial by fire. Or water, in this case. Just keep pumping these bellows. With any luck, it'll take just a few hours to get all the way inside. What if you're wrong about where you'll emerge and you climb up into a brigade? The plans of Vitruvius show where the drains lead. Yes? Once I reach the reservoir, I just drill up into the Vatican flooring. If I don't reappear by sundown, make your way back to Florence without me. Sundown? Honestly? What could take so long? Hey. Bell time. Bell. Another! Signor de Medici, we're about to ring the bell for the night. Then bring me a barrel I can roll home and drink all night. I need all the liquid counseling I can get. Would you believe my brother pledged me to marry a woman from... All right. (Bell) Dragonetti's wolves will be here for a round-up soon. It's time to find your beds. You too, your grace. And what if I called your bed my home for tonight? Sorry. Too much cider. Seems my cock doesn't know what's good for him. Luckily I do. (Bellows) Strange noise. Did you hear that? Zo, Zo. (Gasps) (Gasping) Is it down there? No, come on. Zo. (Breathes deeply) I boiled you some quinto quarto for your hangover. It works wonders. You're a saint. I think we disproved that last night. Oh... There's something you have to know. I'm betrothed. You mentioned it. A few times. I agreed to your advances precisely because you're spoken for. If you were unattached and we became enamored with each other, can you imagine what might happen? A Medici marries a commoner. Would it be so bad? Lady Vanessa? Your palace is a prison with better linens. Every move is watched, every action judged. My choices might be limited here, but I answer to no-one but myself. Why don't I sack it all and come and live with you on your side of things? Without the Medici hand governing, I'd still be living a lie in the convent. It would have been a gentle lie, a lie lived among friends... Oh. But if I marry Camilla Pazzi, that's a lie too. When you marry her, you neutralize that family of fiends. And when ruling Florence gets to be too much, you and I can still snatch a little freedom here and there. You know this makes good sense. Something else stops you. I blame the Pazzis for Becchi's death. They set him up somehow. Along with Rome and their spy. Well, then, clear his name. And then the Pazzis will know just what sort of man lives among them. (Prays) (Rosario clears his throat) Amen. May I present Federico da Montefeltro, the Duke of Urbino. Federico. Your Eminence. Thank you for travelling so far, so quickly. Anything for Your Holiness. I am but a servant of God. And yet you ally yourself with your godson Lorenzo de Medici against us. Do I? A surprise to my ears. Hm. I see. So you deny meeting Lorenzo in your home to negotiate an alliance against the Papal States? Please forgive my nephew. These rumors have angered him greatly. No apologies necessary. If I'd heard similar, I'd react the same. Or worse. 5,000 gold florins to fight for us against the Medicis. Now, apologies are necessary. You think Condottieri kill only for money? Some I kill for pleasure. Federico, let's have you refreshed before we discuss our business. We shall reconvene after. (Knocking) - Signor? Signor de Medici? Who's there? Signor de Medici requested these lists. Dragonetti produced the index of symbols? I had to invade his office without his knowledge. I'll let you gentlemen get to work. Somehow I never got to my chores last night. Signorina. Bye. Tell me. Who's Libra? I'm sorry, Eccellenza. It's the symbol for Gentile Becchi. Libra, the scales of justice. If only we can deliver that to him. Capricorn? Moses the physic. Understandable. Illness respects no curfew. That leaves Gemini. Who is he? I don't think our conspirator is Gemini. That's the symbol for, well... Lucrezia Donati? Forgive any indelicacy, but you surely know why she's out late at night. I do. And yet, the week we hired Da Vinci: "Returning from Siena." Mm. I hear she's there now. She could have been visiting relatives. She could have traveled to Rome and alerted them of our new war engineer. It's impossible. She's a...woman. Exactly. Her liaisons with my brother create an alibi. But we cannot ignore the possibility that Lucrezia is a spy. Saddle the horses for Siena. We'll question her directly. Gentlemen, gather round. Bernardo Baroncelli. Jacomo Bracciolini. Condottiere Giovan Battista. Renato Giustini. Father Bagnone. Father Maffei. Your Eminence, Cardinal Orsini. Some may call us conspirators. I say no. Gentlemen, look upon each other as saviors of our great city. ( Door opens ) Ahhh. And here's our final savior. Gentlemen. (Clanking) The front door was locked. Who dares? Leonardo Da Vinci. The man you sought to have imprisoned... and burned. The Florentine virtuoso. You make quite an entrance. To ensure a private audience. The Secret Archive, if you please. As you wish. I'm aware of the guards outside. Surely a Secret Archive has an attendant secret passageway. Then find one. This palace was designed by Nivolo Speziali, no? and his structures are historically rife with hidden doorways, tunnels. And judging by the direction of that breeze, I would say... a passageway most likely lies behind this wall. I have agreed to Lorenzo's cunning plan of a marriage, only because it will never happen. Accepting it obliges the Medicis to join us here on Holy Saturday. Do we kill Lorenzo coming up the path  or have my men attack along his journey? Count Riario commands that we strike only when the brothers are together. Lorenzo and Giuliano enjoy separate but equal sway over the loyalties of the people. If they are not killed simultaneously, then the survivor will reclaim power. Eliminate both brothers at once and we cripple their line. And as soon as they're dead, Nazzareno Dragonetti, with his Officers of the Night, steps in. Can we be so sure? This is the man who spent years doing the Medicis' bidding. I must agree. What assurances do we have that your loyalty lies with our purpose? My allegiance is to my family. And to Florence, my home. And what of Lorenzo's wife? My sister, Clarice. As the Bible says, a woman leaves her home when she weds. She's no longer truly your sister. However, you will be handsomely rewarded for the loss you endure,  as you finally return to Rome where you belong, Vice Chancellor to the Holy Father. As each of you will be rewarded. Isn't this what we complain of in Lorenzo? That he is not a leader of a republic but a tyrant dividing his spoils among his cronies? Are we just exchanging one family of nepotistic leaders for another? Basta! 
 
 Take a drink, brother, and calm down. Like any new leaders, we... we promote those loyal to us. But Lorenzo is a weak, bankrupt traitor hiding behind political privilege. How is Florence a world power if Europe knows our republic is in such hands? The Pazzi name offers legitimacy and security with trade partners and neighboring armies. The time to question your allegiance is... (Chokes) ..well, it's long past. (Gurgles and falls silent) That is how the Medicis will die. Quickly. Stand with us or... not at all. (Bell tolls) Viccolo della Manna. The home of Lucrezia's aunt, Anna Donati. (Knocking at door) Signora, are you Anna Donati? We require your niece, Lucrezia. Has she not returned home? She was here, but she left for Florence days ago. You understand we'll need to look around. Did she take the road to Poggibonsi or through Chianti? Poggibonsi, of course. It's safer. If you hear from her, send word to me immediately in Florence. Of course. Behold. If it is treasure you seek, this chamber contains more that you should ever require. It appears we awe even Da Vinci. I'm just astonished... at what tyranny can steal. Blood was the ransom paid for these artifacts. Hypocrisy from a man who threatens my life. Voiced by one who attempted to take mine. Whose agent authored this denunciation... to have me burned. But this is in a woman's hand. Could you truly believe I would employ a daughter of Eve as an agent? I seek a key. The second needed to open the Vault of Heaven. For this you would risk death? Do not continue... with this ruse. You aim only to delay me until your absence is noticed by your guards. Your mind is restless. Yearning for that which most cannot comprehend. God can end your longing. For He presents you the chance to explore all the mysteries of this chamber. If you would only agree to replace Cardinal Mercuri. You would entice me to become keeper of the Secret Archives? Not keeper. Oh, no, no, no. Its explorer. Come with me, Da Vinci. Come with me... and then tell me you're not intrigued. (Clank and rumbling) So, what now, Signor? If she has nothing to hide, she'll take the road through Poggibonsi. But if she conspires against us, she'd find a way to ride alone through Chianti. Which road do we take? We prepare for the worst and find ourselves relieved if we were wrong. Through Chianti. Cara mia, who were they? That was Lorenzo's brother. Perhaps I've been away too long. Or perhaps your own business in Rome has gone bad. I'd hoped to spare you knowledge of these matters. Can no-one in Florence help you? What about Lorenzo? He sentenced a man he's loved for decades to death, on suspicion of something I have done. Well, is there no-one else? Yes. There is another. A man who could invent an escape where none exists. The skull of a dragon. It would serve as a unique addition to your study of creatures and their anatomy, yes? Perhaps you'd care to examine this. The Spear of Destiny. A lance used to pierce the side of Christ while He hung on the cross. Many believe that in one's hands... it can defeat any enemy. It's extraordinary. But what of the key? This obsession with the Book Of Leaves. The Turk blinds you with tricks and deceptions. The Sons of Mithras are an extinct order. Those who advance its name now, conceal their real agenda. In your quest, you unknowingly act as an agent for the Ottoman Sultan. My quest is not in pursuit of anyone's purpose... except my own. Ah. And here, you speak of your mother, I presume. A treasure truly worth fighting for. And one only I can aid in reuniting you with. What do you know of my mother? Holy Father? Holy Father! An enemy has entered the Vatican. Montefeltro, sound the alarm. Pledge your allegiance to Rome and you shall have the entire resources of the Catholic Church at your disposal. Its coffers, devisings, even the ships of the Papal Armada to ferry you. And the Book Of Leaves? What if I should uncover that on my search? So much the better. It's far too precious to be left unguarded. There was a time when I distrusted its very existence. Until my eyes fell upon this. Which we recovered from Florence. Oh! It's unlike any language I've ever encountered. That is far from its only mystery. (Gasps) The words... they seem to... change with every viewing? Never offering the same content twice. Imagine solving this. I had a dream not long after I saw this. A powerful message sent from the heavens. It told me the Book Of Leaves contains... secrets of the divine. That its authors were the Nephilim - the offspring of Angels and the women of man. Father! I know now that the Book with its mysteries must remain within the Church. No matter the cost. Is it defense or burial that you intend as its fate? The world needs secrets. Powerful ideas can wreak havoc if unleashed before their time. But a new beginning can start with you here now, if you choose. Hold, Montefeltro. So...we are allied. You press for my devotion as only to place me here as another relic in this tomb that you've constructed. Take him. (Cries out) Come on! Get him! (Cries out) Go! Nico! Come back here, you spongy pignut. Your master returns. Nico! Leo. You are completely mad. Oh, f*ck. (Laughs) I can't believe you stuck it to that f*ck Riario. I wish I could see his face when he figures it out. Wishes come true. Through here. (Shouting) (Distant shouting) Where is Da Vinci? I'm the last person he tells. Really? Yeah. Then...then perhaps I'll entertain myself while I wait. The Vatican choir could use a new castrato. (Nico cries out) f*ck. (Panting) Guard : Move away. Yeaargh! Aaargh! (Guard laughs) Oh. (Chokes) Aaargh! God! f*ck! Aargh. Do you know who I am? Young Nico. I...I see our first encounter left your hand shaking. I'll steady it in your heart. Will you? If revenge is your aim, you must overcome your apprehension. Now that we've established my propensity for directness, I have a question for you. Where is my Maestro? Have you ever tasted blood, Nico? It erm...possesses a peculiar saltiness. Don't bother, Nico. He doesn't know. Wouldn't reveal anything even if he did. Yes, he will. You're quite right, Nico. I will tell you all about the dozen Swiss mercenaries I dispatched to the Tiber who search for me as we speak. I'll reveal my plan when they arrive, to have them peel away your skin one layer at a time. Like this? Aaargh! (Riario laughs) You don't want to travel this road. If you wish to see him bleed, let it be my doing. Come on, stop it. No! He's mine to face. And he will answer my question. Where is he? I commend you on your resolve, boy. In another life, in other circumstances, I could have used someone like you. Aaaarh! (Clank) (Nico gasps) It's the second key. (Distant shouting) (Keys jangling) Aargh! (Door bolts) (Clattering) (Hums tunefully) (Da Vinci mutters) Okay... (Humming continues) (Hums) That's a curious tune. May I ask... where you know it from? It's of my own construction. I've heard the lullaby before. You are Lucrezia Donati's father. Aren't you? Indeed... Signor Da Vinci. Have we met before? No, but who else so bedevils Riario? This ring belongs to you, doesn't it? Once upon a time. It was taken. May I ask how you acquired it? It was a gift... from your daughter. No, it is far more than a gift. Do you love my daughter? Do you love my Lucrezia, Leonardo? Ha. I must confess... I'm not sure who your daughter is, Signor. Her image has always been... shaded to me. Perhaps now I know why. You... You... You present... a key piece in unlocking her puzzle. She offers me your ring, but keeps your imprison... (Thud) She keeps your imprisonment a secret. She... extends me her love... but she continues with Lorenzo. She despises Riario... but she's barely met him. She hopes...to save you. To protect... (Gasps) This is in a woman's hand. How can you be so blind? She maneuvers for Rome. She feeds my secrets to Riario. She...she poisons her fellow citizens. She sees me imprisoned and left to burn. And it's all to set you free. Lucrezia acts at the behest of other' cruel manipulations. She loves me. Blame that on me if you will. Not her. (Shouting) Harder! Remove yourself from the shadows. Let us face your daughter together. Lucrezia labors to secure your freedom - why stay? I'm exactly where I need to be. I don't understand. (Shouting) Go now, Leonardo. Return to my daughter. Tell her of my love. And your own. Don't brood, Nico. He's fine. What you did earlier, coming to my aid, was very brave. So...thank you. Then I should thank you as well. Maestro! You had us worried. Nico, at least. I'm just glad to leave this hellhole. (Coughs) I'm afraid...I'm afraid... I'm afraid I can't. I've failed to retrieve the key and I'll stay until I acquire it. Leo. What? Steel yourself for a surprise. How? Credit this malt-worm. I wanted to gut the prick, but he'd not have it. Huh. Artista...I see you escaped. And I see a key... that you will be giving to me. You best kill me first. I will follow you to the ends of the earth to retrieve what's mine. There may come a day... where I am forced to take your life, Girolamo. It's not today. I've come into your home... and I've taken the thing that you hold dearest. I erm... I plan to return the favor soon... and take the one most dearest to you. Maestro, shall we just leave him? (Cries out) To be haunted by your mistakes, Nico... that's a fate far worse than death. (Tinkling) Don't touch her. She's unclean. Weren't we told she'd be in disguise? We can't pass her by. We're stopping her. Halt! (Horse whinnies) Halt. Halt! Halt! Stay where you are. Immunda! Unveil yourself! I'm hideous. It's a woman. Riario said she'd be disguised as a leper. Show your face or we do it for you. (Squeals) Take off the mask. Look who has all her fingers. No! (Laughter) You're no leper, Signora. Stand down! I've been given orders by Count Riario of Rome to bring information for Lorenzo de Medici. Signora, you seem to be a sunrise behind. We're on our own orders from Rome. Lorenzo and his dolt of a brother are to be assassinated. Your services are ended. As is your life. I've never killed anyone quite so pretty. This will be different. He said to make it look like brigands. Don't do one clean hit. No. (Screams) That's for fighting us. (Groans) No! (Screams) But first, let's give her something to remember. (Laughter) Halt! Stand down! This doesn't concern you. Ride on. I am Giuliano de Medici, brother to His Magnificence, Lorenzo of Florence. I order you to stop! Romans have no authority here. They will soon enough. And they want this deceptive little tart dead. How has she offended Rome? She spied for Count Riario and now he's done with her. What use is a slattern like this with the Pazzis about to seize control of Florence? Aaargh! Signor! Aaargh! Bertino! Aaargh! All this for a spy like you! Bertino was a good man. But so was Becchi. Goodness means nothing to you. The hand that brought him the hemlock was yours, wasn't it? What possesses you to betray Lorenzo? To betray us all? You would never understand. (Cries out) Aaargh! You are the c**t of an overworked whore. As my brother f*cked you in the ass, did you smile, knowing you were doing the same to him? Let's return to him and see how he feels about all this. Will he opt to break you on the wheel in the public square, for the edification of the masses? Or will his shame lead him to kill you privately? Slowly, over weeks of time. Urgh! Oh! (Grunts and groans) Aargh! Aargh! ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 