Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - The Enemies of Man - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - The Enemies of Man https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23311 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/18/14 11:20 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - The Enemies of Man 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Leonardo. 
 It speaks with my mother's voice! 
 Don't take the book away from my people. 
 There was no book. 
 Duke Federico surrounds Florence. 
 Perhaps it is time to strike. 
 Lorenzo di Medici. 
 What a priceless opportunity to discuss your surrender. 
 She was your mother. 
 This is where faith has carried me. 
 What personal business would the son of the Sultan have with the prized mistress of Lorenzo di Medici, Signora Donati? 
 You came here expecting peace? 
 Rid my house of this filth. 
 We shall soon know the truth without laying a hand upon you. 
 How could that device be built without the knowledge of the Book of Leaves? 
 Leo, it's a miracle! 
 The quest is far from over. 
 ♪ DaVinci's Demons 2x09 ♪ 
The Enemies of Man 
Original Air Date on May 17, 2014 
 ♪ 
 Riario : As I recall, the mechanism was only minimally damaged. 
 Your talent for compounding disaster is truly impressive. 
 I have compounded nothing. 
 In order to repair it, I had to take it apart to examine its inner workings. 
 Without access to the correct tools... 
 (Groans in frustration) 
 I will get it functioning again. 
 Possibly. 
 But you would be wiser to forsake this fatal quest and resume your artistic endeavors. 
 You sound like my maestro. 
 Return to him, Da Vinci. 
 As I will return to mine. 
 You're going back to Rome? 
 Without the Church, I... 
 Well, I'm nothing. 
 I will place myself entirely at the Pope's mercy. 
 You do realize... Sixtus may show you none? 
 Perhaps that's what I deserve for worshiping false idols. 
 Man : Land ho! 
 It's felt surprisingly civilized to be your ally. 
 Well, we may have survived this journey together. 
 But in a few moments, any alliance we may have had will come to an end. 
 Soothsayer : Where are you from? 
 Florence. 
 Who sent you here? (Echoes) 
 The Pope. 
 What is your name? 
 Lucrezia...Donati. 
 Where are you from? 
 Florence. 
 Who sent you here? 
 The Pope. 
 What is your name? 
 Lucrezia Donati. 
 Where are you from? 
 Florence. 
 Who sent you here? 
 The Pope. 
 What is your name? 
 Lucrezia... 
 Where are you from? 
 Florence. 
 Who sent you here? 
 The Pope. 
 What is your name? 
 Lucrezia... 
 Where are you from? Who sent you here? 
 What is your name? 
 What does it matter? 
 Day after day, you've asked me the same three questions, over and over again - it's insanity. 
 Where are you from? 
 Florence. 
 Who sent you here? 
 Pope Sixtus.... 
 Bishop of Rome... 
 Holy Father of the Christian Church. 
 His Holiness sends an invitation to parley. 
 As I've already told you, my father only seeks peace. 
 Where are you sending him? What's happening? 
 Signora Donati? 
 I gather you have finally revealed your truth to us. 
 You seem to think that this slave woman is an oracle. 
 But she has asked me only the same questions and I have given her only the same answers. 
 That's where you're wrong. 
 With each answer, a prisoner gives slight variations. 
 A word changed here or there, a hesitation at someone's name. 
 What have you discovered? 
 There are two popes. 
 One remains hidden, he is her father. 
 He seeks no peace. 
 He seeks war. 
 (Thunder crashes) 
 Ah, Florence, you wretched hive of sh1t and sin! 
 I have f*cking missed you! 
 Is it after curfew? 
 It shouldn't be. 
 The lamps in Giotto's tower are dark. 
 Something's amiss. 
 Exactly! I'm not drunk yet. 
 There you and I agree. 
 Come on, painter, our first round's on me. 
 That'll be the f*cking day! 
 When I've finished my maps... 
 Listen! 
 ..of the New World, my Pisan friend Cristoforo will make me a rich man. 
 You two go along without me. There's someone I must see. 
 Great. 
 One way or another, I knew that fate would bring you home. 
 Maestro. 
 It's so good to see you. 
 And you, my boy. 
 It's wonderful to know that you're both still alive. 
 I've something to show you. 
 Before you do, Leo... 
 I know you've always believed my quest is foolish fire, but... 
 I need your help. 
 Now, we found this in the city made of stone. 
 What in God's name... 
 It's a Brazen Head. 
 That's impossible. 
 It's just a myth. 
 No, it's very real. 
 This device, its machinations are like nothing I've ever seen. 
 (Voices in street) 
 We must hide it. 
 Andrea, I need your help. 
 Stop. There's something you must know. 
 They came in here! 
 There they are. 
 Oh, for f*ck's sake. 
 We've literally just got back. 
 So tell Captain Dragonetti he can save his harassment until tomorrow. 
 No need. Things have changed in your absence, artista. 
 I'm captain now. 
 He hey. 
 What's happened? 
 I was trying to tell you, my boy. 
 This place is no longer home. 
 Black Martin : Bring these two to the palace. 
 (Woman screaming) 
 (Sobbing and wailing) 
 Signora? 
 Who did this to you? 
 I did. 
 Welcome home, artista. 
 I wondered when Florence's famed war engineer would turn up. 
 Not quite the challenge I expected. 
 Why are you here? 
 For money. 
 The Holy Father paid my forces a tidy sum to take Florence. 
 Where's Lorenzo? 
 He's gone to undo Naples' alliance with Rome. 
 You still believe that tale? 
 It's more likely he's taken another mistress. 
 And slithered off to the safety of France or Spain. 
 Lorenzo would never abandon Florence. 
 Yet here I am, sitting in his throne among his many luxuries. 
 His blade. 
 It looks valuable. 
 I know this piece. 
 It's a bit smaller than I remember. 
 Old Cosimo's sword he bequeathed to his grandsons. 
 How'd you get your hands on it? 
 I swore to follow its instructions. 
 "Freedom of the people"? 
 Look what freedom you and Lorenzo have achieved for your people. 
 The fight's not over yet. 
 Lorenzo will return. 
 Of course he will. 
 Where else will we bury him? 
 (Sighs) 
 Your obstinacy is becoming tedious. 
 If you simply point to where you relocated your bank's golden stockpile, you and your family will be allowed to live out the rest of your days on a small plot of land. 
 Well, it is safely hidden behind the walls of Florence. 
 That's a lie. 
 We've searched every corner of the city. 
 Impossible. 
 What if I told you that Duke Federico sacked your beloved Florence... at my behest? 
 Perhaps you should ask someone with direct knowledge of the situation. 
 The soul survivor of your own militia. 
 You're Bianchi's boy, are you not? 
 His youngest son. 
 I'm now his only son. 
 You have served your republic well. 
 Aargh! 
 I beg to differ. 
 Here lies proof, Lorenzo, that all Florence is under our command. 
 Its citizens, your daughters... your wife. 
 Perhaps under Federico, she will finally bear a son. 
 You kill me... and I swear, the Medici wealth will forever remain beyond your grasp. 
 The men who guard it are the only people, save myself, who know its location. 
 They will die before you ever lay a hand on a single florin. 
 Usurer. 
 You are no better than heathens, Turks or Jews. 
 But I will willingly give all the Medici gold to you... 
 Your Grace, if you can guarantee the safety of my republic and its citizens. 
 What balls! 
 Our forces control all of Tuscany. 
 Alfonso, serious discussions are no place for children. 
 We will find their gold eventually. 
 Remove yourself! 
 I remind Your Majesty, we are already allied. 
 This is not a negotiation. 
 He is offering to make me the richest man in Italy. 
 This just became a negotiation. 
 Nico? 
 Nico! Vanessa! Leo! There you are! I knew you wouldn't stay gone. (Chuckles) Oh, look at you. Look at you. The physic said I'm due any day now. Those monsters keeping you in here? Do they know you carry Giuliano's child? They don't care. Oh! Hey, hey! Move! You need medical attention? Da Vinci! Yes. You should be honored. Why? The Duke has sent his personal torturers to have a word with you. Look at you, making yourself at home. My husband has been pacing the halls for hours. But you seem vigorous as ever. Well, you know I have a robust appetite. Indeed. I must say, I'm very happy to see you clean shaven. As you remember. Mm. (Gasps) (Grunts) For weeks, I have imagined this moment. I rejoice that it has finally arrived. Why are you here, Girolamo? Because you're the true hand of God on earth. Because I was a fool to believe I could gain the Lord's grace by following my father. I throw myself entirely at your mercy. I beg you for your forgiveness. Rise. My own father would have taken the lash to me or worse. You'll never know how your absolution soothes my soul. There is no absolution. Not from me. You stood by as your father murdered my child. You commanded Lucrezia to whore herself in the name of a false pope! (Sobs) I will do whatever you require to restore you to your rightful place... to expose my father, to put an end to all the suffering we've brought upon the world in God's name. This will not be an end of suffering, Girolamo. Not for you. Your suffering will not end until the day you die! If what you seek is forgiveness, then I suggest you look elsewhere. I cannot serve my father. If you will not take me... I have nothing. "Nothing" is what you deserve. (Sobs) You're the sodomite? You might actually enjoy this. (Groans) Da Vinci? Yes? I always wanted to meet you. Though perhaps under different circumstances. Carlo di Medici, Cosimo's son. Yes. A b*st*rd, like yourself, I believe. So I've been told. I returned to aid my family... rather unsuccessfully. Well, is there no one left who can fight for Florence? There may be some, hidden in the shadows. But those who can fight have been jailed. Or worse. (Distant wailing and screaming) I'm feeling hoggish. Get us one more. The Duke knows his business. It's not every day we see torturers with these credentials. This way. Move. It would be an honor if you let me watch. The painter and I have some history. I'd love it if you'd allow me to deliver the opening blow. Torture is a learned art. But we may allow you, if you are willing to... fondle our balls. Urgh! (Chuckles) How the... It's a gift. Oh, we must release him as well. He's a Medici. Right, now, put this on. What about the others? No time. They'll figure us out unless we leave now. You're more use to them outside of these walls Da Vinci. Put this on. The loyalists are holed up at the Barking Dog. (Shouting) Those f*cking dogs are out for blood tonight. They're looking for us, Leo. We've got to get out of Florence, They'll turn this city upside down till they find us. We're not leaving Florence. We have to take the city back. You're out of your mind. He's right. Captain Dragonetti. Not since they stripped me of my title. The Officers of the Night. Some of those are still your own men. Traitors. How is she? Da Vinci confirms Clarice is still alive. I failed her and the whole city. There must be a way of winning the city back. Duke Federico. His men work for money. Take him out, they'll disperse. The Duke's no fool. He's covered all points of entry. The palace can't be impenetrable. I may have a way. One Urbino may not think to guard. There's a grated opening that provides ventilation for the blacksmith's forge. And you'd enter the furnace? It leads up the chimney to the roof. What if the forge is lit? You'd be broiled alive. I've examined the entire palace structure for weaknesses, there are none. And yet three assassins entered through windows just weeks ago. Windows? The clerestory windows. The ones in the roof. They open up to the bedrooms, the gallery and the great hall. That may work. You'll never reach them without being spotted. I need these items: Zo, eight planks of wood, as pliable as possible. I'm not wandering the streets. They're searching for us. I need a ten pound iron weight, the bladder of a freshly-killed cow, and some spongia soporifica. You'd poison their food? They're trained mercenaries. They avoid traps like this by eating in shifts. They don't breathe in shifts. Fumes? Exactly. Hit them from above and knock them out. Sorry. Sorry, with all due respect, how are we gonna infiltrate a palace guarded by the most brutal soldiers in Italy? Creatively. Relieve your thirst. Now you offer me help. No, wait. I did help you. You wanted them to know about your father, did you not? Your only mission was to get the son of the Sultan to Rome. Once that was accomplished, the outcome was all but assured. If Bayezid is killed, the result is war. If he is imprisoned, war again. If he is dishonored and dismissed... retaliation will be required. The only outcome that would undo your father's plan, is if the pretender were to consider peace. Which is an impossibility. When my father regains his position, and all of Italy are united behind him, he will restore peace. Yes. He will. The dead are always peaceful. 
 
 I trust you are as happy to see me as I am to see you. I suppose even King Arthur won a battle or two with witchcraft. Arthur had a magician at his disposal. And you are? I'm just a man. With varied interests, like your father, Cosimo. Duke Federico has more men outside the city gates. If we fail to deliver your concoction, they'll execute us all. We won't fail. The trajectories of flying objects is something I've become increasingly versed in of late. This... This armature - it employs a semi-elliptical lead spring. It improves upon the model of any catapult those mercenaries would have encountered in the past. You are like my father. I'd wager you're just as interested in the Book of Leaves. I've heard of it. We've got a problem! Dragonetti, Vespucci and your friend, the Duke's soldiers just caught them taking wood for your catapult. We have to help them. Da Vinci, wait! You'll fail. Oh, f*ck! f*ck! The palace can be breached. That furnace. Yes. The grate providing ventilation for the blacksmith's forge. Dragonetti said that was too dangerous. He did. But he's no b*st*rd. This way. This way. It's warm. We only have a few moments before it's hot enough to cook us through. After you. You, girl. Come with me. You! She's pregnant, you pig. Her mouth isn't pregnant. I may not win this fight. But you may not leave this cell with all of your parts. (Laughs) Get up, you little sh1t. I bet you're not even the one who stuck it in her. sh1t! Nico, are you okay? It's alright. (Grunting) Aargh! (Grunting and straining) Thank you. Are you ready? Okay. Let's go. (Coughing and spluttering) Oh. Thank you. Are you alright? I will be when this is over. Get to the great hall. Man : More wine! (Lewd laughter) Oh, yeah! Ohh! (Men cheering) Sure you don't want a taste? Soon enough, you'll give yourself to me willingly. It's the only way I'll have you. Signore, the Florentine rebels that we caught. That one's caused me lots of grief since we arrived. (Cheering) Yes, I've taken sh1ts more impressive than these two. What do you think? Shall we have some entertainment? (Cheering) More wine! More wine, come on. (Chuckles) Ruff! Ruff! (Fizzing) Clarice? Carlo? You took long enough. It's okay. It's okay. (Laughter) We only need one of them to dangle in front of the city as an example. Let's leave it up to them to choose. Yeah! 100 on the skinny one! (Shouting) They expect us to fight? To the death, for their amusement. Well, they're f*cking mad! Especially if they bet on you. You'll be dead before second course. You would kill me? (Shouts of encouragement) (Yells) Go on! Who's the cum-chucker now? Wait, look! What in God's name is that? Leo. Wait! b*st*rd! (Coughing and spluttering) (Groans) (Coughs) (Yells) You're a sly little swordsman for a painter. That the best you can do? Oh, nearly. Why do I keep f*cking missing you? One eye, maybe? Well, you said it yourself, I'm a sly little swordsman for a painter. And you've got one weakness that I've been forced to exploit. You lack perspective. Da Vinci, stay your hand! Tell him, woman. I'm the Duke of Urbino. There'll be a tribunal. My fate won't be decided by some Florentine b*st*rd. I'll be judged by my fellow heads of state. That you will. Guilty. (Water splashing) (Gasps) Why are you doing this? To prepare you, for what comes next. I will embrace your mercy that you granted. Or if you so desire, I will embrace my penance. (Mutters) (Music and cheering) (Cheering) (Cheering) (Celebrations continue outside) Duke Federico's men have abandoned the city. I thank you, Leonardo. Anyone would have done the same in my position. Where does this humility come from? It doesn't suit you. I've had an enlightening few months, Signora. As have I. I believe this is yours. I may carry it but it belongs to your husband. There's a reason Lorenzo wanted you to have it. Leo, my boy! Oh. I'm sorry, Signora. I won't keep him long but he must come with me at once. I have something to show you. Your Grace. In our conversation last night, we... we found that we both have something of value to offer each other. Please accept my offer to share my good fortune with Naples and our successes will know no bounds. Your Grace, will you...? It seems as if my father's desire to negotiate has cooled. My father valued power above all else. He taught me well. His cruelty prepared me for this moment. He was going to accept your offer. But in the end I could not allow that to happen. Join me, my queen. Would you be so kind as to tell your old friend the King's verdict? King Alfonso pledges to act as the sword of Rome rejecting your offer of alliance. I look forward to our deepening communion, Your Highness. Now, Lorenzo, shall we discuss the pending matter of your gold? Well, this is all foreign to me. For the first time, my boy, I think there may be something to this Book of Leaves of yours. Oh. Well, what happened to foolish fire? Well, perhaps the only fool is me. Well, this device runs using gold helical springs. Right. As luck would have it, my experience as a goldsmith has allowed me to repair this wonder. I took a closer look at the circular discs inside the mechanism. Yes. And you can see these curious grooves and ridges etched into them like a sculpture. I realized that they must have been chiseled in. With amazing precision. Yes. And this needle-like piece when placed upon the corresponding grooves moved along at a steady pace. (Slow speech) The resulting combination created sound. My mother's message. Yes. In its entirety. Leonardo, my dearest. I was betrayed. I could not keep the Book of Leaves here. The only way you will find its location is if you give up your quest for me. You must beware of The Labyrinth. Beware the Enemies of Man. They are everywhere. So is that... Is that...that's all? I expected more. There is. If you're truly listening. Leonardo, my dearest. ♪ (Notes) I was betrayed. ♪ (Notes) I could not keep the Book of Leaves here. ♪ (Notes) The only way you will... There are other hidden ridges. Other channels. Those musical tones in the background. You've been trying to decode a message in your mother's voice but beyond the voice... ♪ (Notes) Leonardo my dearest... There's a code in the music. The words are smoke and mirrors, Leo. Like everything we do. Yes. Paints on canvas. But in the end, what are we but masters of illusion? And my mother is... One of us.  She's one of us. What separates us from the garment maker and the stone mason? Ideas. Vibrant colors, yes, but beneath them, out of sight from the untrained eye,  meaning. Girolamo Riario. You were dead. Now you're born again. Who are you? We are the Enemies of Man. (Musical chimes and one flat note) Heard of the Spanish theorist Ramos de Pareja? No. He translated musical notation into a 21-letter system as a way of spelling words with notes. Do you know, all these years, I never knew you could read music. I learnt to play the lute when I was eight. There was a girl involved. Naturally. And a boy.  Of course. You never took the simple path. Look, look, look, What, what, what? These notes correspond to the same three words in Latin repeated again and again. Liber. Domus. Parvulus. Book. Home. And child. But what does it mean? It means my mother's alive. She left the vault with the Book of Leaves and took it somewhere she knew I would find it. A child's home. It's my childhood home. It's in Vinci. Oh... Right. I'll ready some horses. You're not coming with me. After all the nonsense this quest of yours has put me through, how could I not? I heard you. I had faith that you still thought of me. And you do. You do. A fascinating device. Yes. It's one I picked up on my recent travels. A precious gift from your mother. How... She's a lot like you. And just the same, she too will pay for the sins of Daedalus. What did you just say? I have said enough! (Cries out) I knew Caterina for years. She spoke in codes. You'll realize soon enough Vinci is not what she meant. You? You're The Labyrinth? We go by many names. The Bible describes the Devil as a serpent lying in wait. That would be fitting. Except there's only one serpent and we are as plentiful as blades of grass. Your... your father Cosimo was a Son of Mithras. Right until the day I took his life. They came here when I was just a little girl. We call them the Sun and the Moon. The man was dark as night. It was you. As I claimed the book from the Vault of Heaven your mother took it from me and vanished. She's good at that. Disappearing. Like you we've searched for her. She has eluded our grasp at every turn. But she made a mistake. She left us one last way to find the book, one last map. She left us you. And you just fulfilled your destiny, Da Vinci. You led us right to it. Is everything alright? (Gasping) I heard a commotion. Leo. No... No, run. Run. Run. Run. What have you done to him? Answer me! (Screams) No! (Sobs) Who's in there? Call the guards! Guards! Quickly! (Grunts) It's alright... Oh, Maestro. I will fix this. Maestro. I swear to you. I will make this right. I know you will, my boy. You know no other way. (Sobs) ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 