Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x07 - The Vault of Heaven - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x07 - The Vault of Heaven https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23309 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/04/14 02:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x07 - The Vault of Heaven 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You are not the first of your kind to arrive. 
 We call them the Sun and the Moon. 
 She was here. 
 Your mother and the Book of Leaves saved my life. 
 Every painful moment is part of God's plan. 
 Then make me a full partner in your plan. 
 The sword of Osman Gazi, founder of the Ottoman Empire. 
 I am taking it with me. 
 Get the horses. We're going to Constantinople. 
 A b*st*rd and woman, what a partnership. 
 Now I must consider what to do with those no longer supporting my leadership. 
 Da Vinci must live. 
 Without him you cannot enter the Vault of Heaven. 
 The Book of Leaves cannot be removed from the Vault of Heaven. 
 Why would the book still be in the vault? 
 When my mother left, wouldn't she have taken it with her? 
 I said she went in the vault. I never said she left it. 
 ♪ Da Vinci's Demons 2x07 ♪ 
The Vault of Heaven 
Original Air Date on May 3, 2014 
 ♪ 
 You can't trust him, Leo. 
 Wherever Riario goes, the corpses follow. 
 He's ready to kill for the Book of Leaves. But he's ready to die for it as well. Now more than ever. (Prays) What happened to you in the altar room? What did you see? We need to go home, Zo. We need to get what we came for. Amen. The time has come, Leonardo. You and I shall enter the Vault of Heaven at long last. And what of me? You assisted in the ritual and I am very thankful. But the vault is to be entered by the Sun and the Moon. I am as deserving as you both. Yet not as trustworthy. Very true. Are he and I really so different? Tell me, what do you believe keeps him from stealing the book for himself? My life has always been about sharing knowledge. (Speaks Quechua) Since you war among yourselves, you will all enter the vault together. It appears our fates are tied, artista. Up ahead is the Vault of Heaven. The Sun and the Moon entered it many years ago and were never seen again. The Sun and the Moon? The Abyssinian and my mother. Your mother? Maestro, you can't expect her to still be in the vault. Your friends doubt the power of the Book of Leaves. I'll stop doubting when I see the f*cking thing. (Moans) With all the heaviness outside these walls, I cannot tell you how I appreciate the lightness you've brought me. Lightness? Pleasure. If my time as a missionary has taught me anything, it's that pleasure usually comes at a steep price. And what price do you imagine me paying? You'll be fine. If anyone pays for any of this, it will be me. You've proven your worth to this family. None would dare lay a hand on you. It's not my body I worry for. I wonder about the bond between us. And how it will endure. I do care about you but I also have a reputation to maintain. As does your husband. As did my father, Cosimo. My whole life I have suffered under the weight of reputation. As far back as I can remember I've been the b*st*rd waiting in the wings. Reputation... What a luxury. Carlo. (Screams) Carlo! Guards! Help us! (Woman screams) Vanessa. (Vanessa screams) (Yells) He came in through the roof. Bring the physic. We must ensure no harm has come to Giuliano's child. Or the girl herself. Come. Come. The gods created different thresholds with deadly challenges to guard the Vault of Heaven. This is the first. Are those people? Some are children. Anything heavier than a young child and this happens. You could have just told us, of course. In order to open this first threshold, you must pay tribute according to the legend. You must place a hand to that centre stone. It is located at the height of one and a half men. The vault will know if we send forth anything heavier than a child who's seen five cycles of the sun. A weight-sensitive path. 30 paces to clear. Nothing heavier than a child. Throw a spear at it. How many years do you think we've been at this problem? Maybe you just need a bigger spear. (Speaks Quechua) I've missed this part. A well-planned attack. They intended to end the Medici line, every last one of us. We took these items from the assassins. Captain. I was under the impression you were competent in your roll as protector of the palace. The entrances were secured. They leapt from adjoining rooftops. Perhaps I should inform Lorenzo how difficult it is for you to keep intruders from climbing into windows. His windows. And his bedrooms. Consider your station. Consider yours. Who were they, Captain? They possessed an intimate knowledge of the palace. Knowing exactly where to strike. Excommunication has created many enemies, some within our own walls. These men weren't Florentine. They were sent here by Duke Federico of Urbino. Perfection. It's impressive to see your people craft the gears and devices I need so quickly. I have a whole empire at my command. The metasoma, Nico... Mm? The tailpiece. Quickly. Gently, gently. Gently. Would you move? Thank you. Now that and this should... Good, good, good. Now lower it. And so, gentlemen, and Priestess. I give you the Scorpion. They don't think it looks like much. This is the world's first self-propelled cart. This little toy had better work. Of course it will work. Just... I wind this dial, which contracts the strings that will turn these gears and urge the cart onwards. Shall we begin? It seems to be light enough. Lucky thing, or you'd have been the next best alternative. Come on, come on. That's it. (Speaks Quechua) Well done, my Dreamer. The Book of Leaves is our salvation. It will be. This is how you know he's a Count. You do all the work, he takes all the glory. [ chanting ] Watch your step. Let's pretend we heard it land. (Clash of weapons) Bayezid of the House of Osman, and ir to the Ottoman Empire. I speak to you on behalf of Pope Sixtus, Bishop of Rome and head of the Christian Church. Interesting. You should have an attendant doing that. I'm fine on my own, really. It's not whether you're competent to brush your own hair. One receives as much respect as one demands. I myself had to learn this lesson when I was younger. By allowing yourself to be waited upon, you establish how vital it is for people to follow your word. It's not something they taught me in the convent. I suspect if you think back, the Mother Abbess had her prerogatives. Moses reports no ill-effects from the attack we endured. True? I feel fine. And the baby feels fine. But... But... you keep me in the palace and you claim it's for my own safety. But I almost lost my life. My child's life. You made me a target here. The Medicis' enemies will follow that child wherever he goes. It is not I who make you a target but you and the man you chose to bed. The man I chose to bed will not define me. One receives as much respect as one demands. I see you've renewed your studies. The Book of Leaves, Your Highness. Its mysteries demand our attention. Its mysteries have already seduced my own nephew away from perfect obedience. So... what justifies this waste of your time? These sigils come from the ancient East. They tell no story as far as I can make out, but they seem to speak of joy. Of rage. And of sorrow. The only rage that should concern you is mine. While I spend my days designing a holy war against our enemies, Cardinal, you renew your interest in a distraction. My hope is that the book may offer some assistance in this conflict between our warring nations. The assistance I need, Cardinal, will come from the loyal subjects who surround me. Not from superstitious old men who are spiraling into madness. False idols will appear from all around us. But the sin is not in their existence. The sin is in their worship. Heading to work bright and early? You're wounded, Signor. Hired killers. Attacked last night. I'm told Duke Federico sent them. Through the windows, yeah. Something about last night strikes me as odd. Years ago, Federico carved away his nose to give himself peripheral vision. He's the least subtle man on the peninsular. The kind who charges city gates. Not the kind who sends hired assassins through palace windows. Who else do you suspect? I don't know. Who profits most from the extinction of the Medici line? The Medicis have made many enemies. True. Thank God we have you, Signor. For if the assassins had succeeded, you would be the unquestioned head of the bank. Perhaps our profits would benefit. It was easy for you to blame the Duke, with his troops enforcing the embargo. I don't like your tone, Signor. You don't? Then you're going to hate this. Admit your role publically and I will do you the kindness of only slicing off your ear. I'll even let you choose which one. You'd never do that here. Even the son of a b*st*rd slave girl isn't that mad. Do tell me what kind of man I am. Suppose I did admit it... the Pope himself would defend me. The Pope has damned us anyway. Might as well act like it. How much did you pay your killers, Sassetti? Five florins? Eight? 10. Pity you didn't get your money's worth. Signor, you wouldn't... As you reminded me just now, I am a b*st*rd. 
 
 There's an even 100 of them. How do we know which one's the right hole? A question I ask myself often. Take the key. My Dreamer. It can't simply be a process of elimination. It wasn't last time. It's an amazing design. An even number of keyholes and yet there's a centre to the array. Nice work, my Dreamer. 99 to go. (Clunks) (Screams) We must save the key for another attempt. No, I can solve this. Just give me the key! Trust me. We are the Sun and the Moon. There's constellations on every lock except that one. It's the sun. It's the god they worship here. It's speeding up. There's no time. Just let me think! The amount of locks in each row adds up to a prime number. The whole thing adds up to 100. 100 is surely not a prime number. But 101 is. There must be a single solitary keyhole somewhere else so the entire thing adds up to 101. Brace me. Leo. (Cries out) Zo! Pull me up. Pull me up! Pull me up. Wait for me, Leonardo. I will be with you soon. But you will not wait for her, will you? Why would Rome send two such as you to parley with me? We were chosen so none would suspect our mission as we travelled. The Holy Father is keenly aware that this undertaking is of a delicate nature. As is your beauty. Which no doubt aided you in reaching my encampment. You are the eldest son of the Sultan and heir to the Ottoman Empire. Your strength is second to none. I wouldn't dare seek an audience with only my charm to convince you of my goodwill. I trust you will recognize this. It cannot be. The Sword of Osman. We travelled many miles knowing its significance would be lost  if we failed to deliver it to your hands and to your hands alone. What did you say your name was? Amelia. Well, then, Amelia, perhaps we should speak further. Lupo. You risk coming to me again? I serve a false Pope. And you refuse to leave this cell. What other choice do I have? Have faith that my plans proceed as they must. I intend to take my rightful place at the appropriate time. The Bible has offered me no guidance here. So you've turned to another book? Oh, Lupo. The Book of Leaves is a distraction. Here my brother and I agree. Your brother has hidden the page from me. Locked it away in the bowels of the secret archives, forbidden me from even touching it. It cannot solve the world's ills. The world may be broken beyond repair, Francesco. It is our only recourse. Do not raise suspicion. And do not abandon me. The Devil sits on the papal throne and your place is at my side. The era of scholarly reflection is over. What the Lord needs, when the time comes, is a man of action. Should I pray for another? Or are you that man? Of course I am, Your Holiness. How is the girl? Vanessa is fine. Her child as well. Good. I hear there is an open position in the bank. Signor Sassetti has left us quite abruptly. Finance is a stressful business. I am grateful for a reliable partner in our business. The servants know about Lorenzo and Lucrezia. Clearly they know about us. I do appreciate however that for women reputation is a delicate thing. Are you sure you know what you're doing? What I'm doing... is what I damn well please. What now? A pair of keyholes and a key that separates into two. Finally, a simple solution. Hey. Unhand me. Unhand me first. They took our weapons. This one I took back. From Zita's body. You cock-sucker. I knew we couldn't trust him. No, your friends understand the value of my presence, where you are simply a dog with a bone. Zo didn't want you inserting the key prematurely. In case it activates a river of lava or... venomous snakes. Or some other f*cking catastrophe. I see. So you really imagine the architects of this structure would use the same deception twice. It doesn't matter. Zo meant you no harm. None of us do. We're in this together. And what then, Nico? Do you truly imagine your Maestro would ever share what's behind these doors with me? With the savage he wed only for a chance at the book. I do. Then you've learnt nothing. It's far easier to hate than to trust. I learned that lesson on our voyage here. From a woman you loved. Give me the dagger. And what of him? Zo, tell him we're on the same side. Tell him! Fine. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Get the f*cking blade off me. Guard it well. Now we have a riddle to decipher. There are no markings, no clues, to illuminate which key goes in what hole. There's a simple solution. Why don't you let someone who can pick a lock while drowning at sea take a look? Dogs and their tricks. The weapon my father employs for ceremonies is an artful replica constructed to disguise the loss of the true sword. If any of our subjects knew this had gone missing... I understand. We discovered it languishing in the corridors of the Vatican. His Holiness was ashamed to keep it from its rightful home. I pray this gift demonstrates our good intentions, bey-effendi. And what is it you want in return? To bring you to Rome. Me? You. The future of the Ottoman Empire. It's common knowledge that my half-brother Cem is the favored child of my father the Sultan. But you are the first-born and you carry the blood and now the blade of Osman the First. Some might say it is your destiny to rule. You dare suggest I kill my brother? I merely offer you a chance to demonstrate to your father that you are the most deserving heir. Imagine a future where the Ottomans ruled the East and the Vatican rules the West. This glory could be yours if you are brave enough to forge peace. There is no need to spill another drop of Ottoman blood. There is no need to repeat what happened to your brother. Cem has been nothing but fortunate his entire life. That is not the brother I meant. Forgive me, bey-effendi, if I misspoke. You cannot be blamed for your doubts. Perhaps we should approach your father or Cem instead. Wait. It's his key in that hole. This one in the other. Good work. Yeah. I f*cking hope so. (Brief whirring) Perhaps they need to be turned simultaneously. On three. One, two, three. (Brief whirring) Nothing. Good evening, gentlemen. His Holiness has forbidden access, Your Grace. No matter. (Coughing) No openings. And no engravings. Anyone who wins their way past this threshold will behold the Book of Leaves itself. So we have to evince at least a rudimentary level of understanding... Oh... wait... Oh, the engineering's amazing. No wonder that the natives believed that their land was visited by gods. Two keyholes, two keys, and the only thing tying them together... One sun. What? We must turn the keys when the light falls upon them. Doors don't have eyes. These might. There must be a pattern. On my word. Now! (Whirring) (Mutters) Well... The keys, they just need to be turned and held. Wait for it. Wait for it. Now! Keep them turned. What is this place? There were giants in the earth in those days. Perhaps these are the Nephilims, the offspring of the sons of God and the daughters of man and they created this vault. Well, I'm normally opposed to assuming every wonder must have supernatural origins but all of this... No other way out but heaven. Well, I believe those symbols may imply there are other ways out of here. Perhaps like the Abyssinian, my mother found one of them. Let's get what we came here for. Leonardo... Did you hear that? Not a sound. I offer you the services of my companion to guide you to Rome. And if it pleases you I will remain here and await word of your success and as surety of our trust in each other. That trust only goes so far. Keep her under guard outside the city gates. She will not receive a single visitor. She will not exchange a single message. Bey-effendi, I have put myself at great risk in coming here to you and yet you repay me with incarceration? I am the son of the Sultan about to embark on a journey to the den of my sworn enemy. Do not speak to me of risk. This is not what we agreed upon. Charm, beauty, intelligence. I cannot trust a woman with so many weapons at her disposal. There's someone here. I heard a voice. There is nothing. Just listen. Listen carefully. There's someone... No, no no! Ssh, ssh. Just listen carefully. There is nothing. Ssh. (Speaks Quechua) There's someone here with us! There's someone here. What have you done to my friends? It is you who have caused them pain. You enter the vault without me by your side? No, no, wait, wait. Don't do this. (Mutters) No, no! Fine. I'm sorry, my Dreamer. My visions were very clear. You were to lead me to this point and I, in turn, would lead my people to salvation. No matter the cost. So are we not joined as one? From the moment you arrived, it's been obvious your heart belongs to another. (Speaks Quechua) Woman : Leonardo! You heard that. I did. (Speaks Quechua) That's my mother. No! That's my mother! No! ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 