Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - The Prisoner - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - The Prisoner https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23297 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/13 03:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - The Prisoner 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Nós estamos muito felizes por receber o favorito filho de Roma. 
 The manufacture of armaments could be construed as a provocative move. 
 I believe there may be a spy in my court. 
 If we have something to convey to you, we will inscribe the letter Omega. 
 Tell your Pope that neither Florence nor da Vinci will be contained. 
 (Explosions) 
 Whatever lock this corresponds with, I'd wager the key represents only half. 
 The key is useless without its counterpart. 
 Have you heard of the Book of Leaves? 
 It's a myth. No more real than a unicorn. 
 You and Salviati should assemble the largest army you can find. 
 Get to work, maestro. Florence is counting on you. 
 ♪ 
 Shall we? 
 I find the game fascinating. 
 Deceptively simple, isn't it? 
 I have a repast. 
 Say it. 
 Panpepato, cheese, and wine. 
 You made the panpepato? 
 Yes. Because you like it. 
 Was that Amharic? 
 Yes. 
 I spent time in Abyssinia. 
 I said that you hold her in high regard. 
 She labors hard and has embraced both the Lord and our language. 
 You taught her, didn't you? 
 I did. Just as you teach me this game with patient persistence. 
 Now, shall we get to play? 
 That's the thing. 
 I've yet to touch the board but already I've begun. 
 The first principle is to take the corners. 
 The strategy is obvious. 
 The corners are easier to defend. 
 It's brilliant. High grade, beautifully milled. 
 But it's missing something. 
 I know! A jaunty bobbin lace is what it needs. 
 But even as we engage in localized conflicts it is important to keep the broader landscape in mind. 
 The game can only be won by pursuing seemingly opposing objectives simultaneously. 
 (Wind whistles) 
 At any given moment. 
 Lucrezia, my dear, come tell us what you think. 
 A stone can be considered to inhabit one of three states: Alive, dead, or unsettled. 
 Lucrezia can you come out here, dear? 
 An unsettled stone naturally presents the player  with the largest potential outcomes. 
 Are you heading out? 
 Yes. 
 After curfew? 
 I'll be fine. 
 Is that wise? 
 I'm calling on Ginevra. 
 I bought some herbs from the montebianchi to treat her tetter. 
 But I may need your help. 
 I'm confident that Enzo is capable of handling all of your needs. 
 Goodnight. 
 An opponent who can control the flow of the game while appearing to play defensively is often the most formidable. 
 Guard : Go on. Move on. 
 Come on! Stand up straight. 
 Go on. Move on. 
 Look down here on the left. 
 Signora Donati. 
 Captain Dragonetti. 
 Isn't it late for a woman of your standing to be out for a stroll? 
 On principle, I could arrest you for violating curfew. 
 True. But we both know that it would be you, and not I, who would receive punishment. 
 Enjoy the evening air, Signora. 
 Good evening, Gualberto. 
 Signora. 
 You look lovely this evening. 
 As always. 
 Thank you. 
 Your heart is racing. 
 I didn't expect you to be here. 
 I couldn't wait for you any longer at the palazzo. 
 Lorenzo. 
 Let me. 
 (Bell tolls) 
 One of the most difficult strategies to master is called... 
 "Cross The Sea Unseen". 
 (Knocking) 
 Da Vinci! 
 It entails identifying the weakness in an opponent's position and exploiting it beneath their notice. 
 Da Vinci! Lorenzo believes you are already at the forge! 
 (Hammering on door) 
 Da Vinci! 
 What? 
 Why weren't you there at first light? 
 They cast guns at sunrise. 
 I don't have to pour the metal myself, Becchi. 
 These weapons are vital to Florence's safety and you've sold yourself as a war engineer. 
 What is that noxious smell? 
 It's an experiment. 
 I'm assessing the implications of my guns. 
 Da Vinci! 
 (Flies buzz) 
 (Melodic tones) 
 Da Vinci! 
 Ah, there you are, Maestro. 
 Production progressing smoothly, I trust? 
 As smoothly as can be expected, given these working conditions. 
 Yes, but my guns. We will have ten, as promised, yes? 
 Our refusal to accept Rome's Archbishop of Pisa only reinforces the need to bolster our defenses. 
 I am acutely aware of the pressures converging on His Magnificence. 
 (Dull thud) 
 What the devil is that cloudy-eyed miscreant doing over there? 
 The tonality is off. 
 Stop! 
 Our sightless friend's keen ears have detected an impurity. 
 This is absurd. 
 Your methods, what's changed? 
 Nothing. I've used the finest ore, as dictated. 
 Well, then, the heat... 
 Precisely as instructed. 
 Well, there was that one moment when we ran out of sulfur. 
 Why wasn't I consulted? 
 It was incidental. 
 What exactly is the issue here? 
 If they've used an inferior alloy, in this case, too little sulfur, then the sound the guns make will be half as loud as they should be. 
 Who cares about the f*cking sound? 
 We're not doing more of your goddamn theatre. 
 They need to obliterate the enemy. 
 Blow them to bits. 
 Please unhand me. 
 Or what? 
 You're threatening me with a spoon now? 
 Giuliano! 
 As I was saying, the timbre of the barrel is also indicative of its general properties. 
 Start again. 
 Don't scrimp on the sulfur this time! 
 He won't. 
 You treat me like a fool. 
 But I'm capable of leading. 
 The people love me. 
 They love your face. 
 But that smooth nose of yours won't keep Rome from striking. 
 Only da Vinci's guns will. 
 Come, Nico. 
 These Medici currency vouchers are weighing me down. 
 I need to fly, be free of this world. 
 How much for your entire inventory? 
 More than you gave me last time. 
 Two florins? 
 How about it, bird man? 
 A little help, Nico? 
 Excuse me. 
 Now! 
 I never tire of watching that. 
 Why didn't this one fly away? (Whistles) 
 Signor da Vinci. 
 When will you ever finish my portrait if we sit together so infrequently? 
 Maestro, I'll pick up some more eggs for your pigments. 
 On your way to or from Lorenzo, then? 
 You know my situation, Leonardo. 
 (Whistles) 
 Just go. 
 This is your chance, the cage is open. 
 Do you think your pursuit of knowledge makes you immune to your emotions? 
 You can't outrun them, you know. 
 Do you know, I'm not running. 
 I just have competing interests. 
 Like you. 
 Curious, that bird. 
 And paid for. 
 You take it or I eat it. 
 So, the plot thickens. 
 You've broken off from a local exchange and opened up a new front. 
 I thought it was time a little chaos was introduced into the play. 
 (Screaming) 
 What's going on? 
 Inside me... the... the... devil... clawing at my womb, damning me! 
 (Screams) 
 Oh, dear God. 
 It can't be. 
 Don't touch her. We don't know what afflicts her. 
 I have to help her. It's Sister Dolores. I knew her at the Convent. 
 What is this? 
 The sweetest, most innocent soul. Dolores? 
 You there. Find some officers, bring them here. 
 It's me - Vanessa. 
 (Crowd gasps) 
 You, your brother, Lorenzo, making a new Sodom, gorging on filth, spewing out sin onto Florence's streets. 
 The Lord hates you! 
 What has befallen this woman? 
 Demons, signor. 
 Five of our fellow sisters from the Convent of St Anthony have been possessed. 
 (Spits) 
 The Medicis - copulators, blasphemers corrupting our city. 
 My eyes burn to look at you! 
 Ssh. 
 (Gasps and screams) 
 You let a mad woman seize your blade. 
 I ought to kill you with it! 
 Take her away. 
 Carefully and with respect. 
 The rest of you... go home. 
 Pray for her soul. 
 Go on, go! 
 What in God's name are you doing with these bodies? 
 Leonardo, they're beginning to putrefy. 
 And the stench has carried into my studio. 
 Andrea, please, can you not see that I'm trying to pursue something here? 
 Now look at this, look at this. 
 Africa... and Europe. Here? 
 Yes. 
 See how they fit into this. 
 Europe and Africa, here and here... and the Jew's map. 
 It can only be where there are now two land masses, there once was just one. 
 Drifted apart over ages. 
 And between them, the great Atlantic. 
 The Book of Leaves has to be here, Andrea... on this land mass to the West. 
 But you don't even know that this land mass actually exists. 
 Ignis fatuus. That's what this Sons of Mithras business is. 
 "Foolish fire". 
 Children chasing after luminous insects, thinking them faerie lights and finding themselves neck-deep in swamp-mire. 
 Well, I'm not a child, Andrea. 
 Oh really. And yet you pursue this folly while your legitimate commissions languish. 
 (Thunder rumbles) 
 Maestro! Maestro! 
 Yes, what is it, boy? 
 Signora Donati saw Vanessa leaving for the Convent St Anthony. 
 And your point is? 
 Demons possess the nuns there! 
 I saw one of the sisters myself. She stabbed her own eyes out! 
 Vanessa can fall victim to the demons too! 
 Demons have yet to be proven the cause of anything except some rather tedious sermons. 
 We need to help her! 
 f*ck, Nico! 
 If I dropped everything to pursue some ill-conceived and asinine flight of fancy, I would never get anything done! 
 Well, I'll remember that the next time you decide to strap me or Vanessa into your glider wings. 
 The violence of her movements, her screeching, she seemed possessed, Lorenzo. 
 My brother saw one mad nun and thinks the Devil is at large in Florence. 
 It's not just the one. 
 They say the Devil's influence is spreading, and so must be a judgment on this city. 
 A judgment on the Medicis. 
 We rise and fall on the people's will. 
 Until we can assess the cause, demonic or otherwise, we'd best seal off the Convent. 
 Yes, agreed. 
 Given our trouble with Rome, we don't want our own people questioning our piety. 
 Let me handle it. 
 The people beheld this woman kill herself at the sight of me. 
 If I resolve this, I end the gossips as well. 
 I'll take Dragonetti and a couple of his officers. 
 I'll get to the bottom of this. I promise you. 
 Oh, go on, then. 
 Go! 
 Out with it. You've the look of having eaten something distasteful. 
 If we can speak freely anywhere it's here, in our family chapel. 
 The Vatican often appears to know our strategies just as we employ them. 
 They murder Sforza to end our alliance with Milan. 
 They ask to meet da Vinci, just as we hire him. 
 Understandably, you've suggested we have a spy within our court. 
 But before we take more aggressive steps towards rooting out Rome's agent, I believe there's something else we should consider. 
 You married Clarice to build ties with Rome. 
 She still has family there. 
 Are you're suggesting that my wife is trying to destroy us? 
 Not trying, no. 
 But she may be guilelessly expressing things in her letters. 
 She may be unaware... 
 Clarice is exceptional and she is loyal. 
 "When life's path is steep, keep your mind even." 
 You taught me that when I was a boy. 
 Keep your mind even. 
 First this crisis at the Convent, and now a traitor in our midst. 
 Take whatever steps you must to find our spy. 
 Do it quickly. 
 There's someone ahead. 
 I'll handle this. 
 Signor, I must insist. 
 It's just a girl, Captain. 
 Steel yourself, Bertino. 
 Sister, can you hear me? 
 We're here to help you. 
 I am Giuliano de Medici... 
 (Woman screams) 
 Stay with the horses. 
 Sling her onto my horse, tie her down. 
 We'll take her back to the Convent. 
 (Woman screams) 
 Look out! 
 How many deaths of the faithful will be laid at the feet of the Medicis? 
 Bertino! 
 (Woman screams) 
 Dragonetti. 
 (Woman screams) 
 (Woman continues screaming) 
 Abyssus abyssum invocat. Sed libera nos a Malo. 
 Abyssus abyssum invocat. 
 "Hell calls hell". 
 One misstep leads to another. 
 That's what's brought the Devil to our doorstep. 
 You and your brother have denied God's will. 
 Did you think there wouldn't be a cost? 
 Well, the cost is dear, to be sure. 
 But I'm not yet convinced it was the Lord who levied it. 
 What are you doing here? 
 I've come looking for a friend. 
 (Woman screams) 
 Vanessa! Ssh! 
 (Groaning) 
 Ssh! Ssh! 
 I know this woman. 
 She was one of us, a fellow Sister, then this lecher sold her promises of a more colorful life. 
 Burning, burning, there's a fire inside me. 
 The poor girl came to aid us but was struck down like the others. 
 Well, how long have these... possessions been going on? 
 What business is it of yours? 
 Are you for God? 
 I know what goes on in your workshop. 
 The nude modeling, the carnal relations, the cadavers you debase in the name of science. 
 Your endeavors condemn all they touch. 
 We want none of your assistance. 
 Nor yours, Signor Medici. 
 Only fervid prayer and penitence will stop this. 
 Artista. A word with you. 
 Others are paid to do that, no? 
 My father taught me no matter the business surrounding you, never lose the count. 
 For the Medicis are bankers before all else. 
 A wise man. Taken before his time. 
 "Piero the Gouty". 
 For everything he was, he's remembered most for his sickness. 
 He is honored as a father. 
 To "Lorenzo the Magnificent". 
 For now. 
 Soon they may call me by other names. 
 Perhaps I'll be the banker who lost the Papal accounts to the Pazzis. 
 Or the hereric who incurs the wrath of Satan on Florence's innocents. 
 My beloved, you must get some rest. 
 Today I thought of sending Becchi away. 
 What? Why? 
 I love him. 
 He's been a second father to me. 
 But, but he questioned you. 
 He thought that you could be mistakenly sharing information with your family. 
 With Rome. 
 Do you think asking would offend me? 
 It offends me. 
 It shouldn't. 
 We live in craven times. 
 A man would have a city in flames to make his life more comfortable. 
 You don't come at a snake from the front, Lorenzo. 
 If I were one, bringing this up would be pointless. 
 It would make you vulnerable. 
 You simply should have had my letters read without my knowledge. 
 In my last letter to my family, I told them this: 
 "There are none more loyal to Lorenzo than I." 
 "There are others who, if Lorenzo fell, would move on. 
 I could never "move on." 
 I understand your need for escape, Lorenzo. 
 To feel apart from your responsibility. 
 You can have that escape. But you do have to come back. 
 You must always come back. 
 Attend to your guns, da Vinci. 
 I've been tasked to handle this matter. 
 And you're doing an admirable job. 
 I hear you slaughtered one of the poor Sisters on the way in. 
 It was an accident. 
 Incompetence often is. 
 How dare you! 
 Stay put. 
 This is how you prove your worth to Lorenzo? 
 By killing his war engineer? 
 Tell me something, Giuliano. What is your plan? 
 To seal off this condemned place until the evil spirits retreat. 
 You won't even inquire a possibility other than possession? 
 Of course I will. 
 Well, grace us with your alternate theories then. 
 Please. 
 Disease. Perhaps. 
 Right. 
 Scrofula, plague. 
 I know of no disease that can ravage its host this quickly. 
 Well, what, then? 
 Before we accept the Devil's work, shouldn't we first eliminate the more profane causes? 
 Consider panther cap mushrooms. 
 They're known to cause hallucinations, even death. 
 Right, let's see what we've found. 
 No, no, no, no, no, no. 
 None of these are the culprit. 
 Right, next on our list, wolf spiders. 
 The poisonous bite of the Lycosidae. 
 That can cause a hysterical state of movement called Tarantism. Wait! Alas, that's not the villain we seek. Then what now, scribbler? Some art appreciation, I think. 
 
 What possible contaminant can be found in here? Considering the florid images the Sisters live amidst, not to mention the amateurish technique on display here, is it any wonder the afflicted believe themselves possessed? Have you gone mad too? I thought the pigments might contain too much mercury. But no. Enough, da Vinci. When you start licking paintings I think it's time to accept that the Devil is here. Riders from Rome! For once, Giuliano, you may be correct. Captain Grunwald. Giuliano de Medici. Pretty as always. I'd have thought you loath to return, after your last mission to Florence. We bring help to the dear Sisters, in the person of Prefect Mercuri. Lupo Mercuri? Curator of the Vatican's Secret Archives? Today, I come as Prefect for the Sacred Congregation of Rites. Your offer of assistance is gracious, Prefect, but the Abbess is quite able to lead the prayers for her flock. My orders are to execute the holy rites for demonic exorcism. I have no plans to leave the good sisters at the mercy of the Deceiver. And are you so attuned to the infernal, you could sense their problems all the way from Rome? We sent for aid days ago, painter. We dare not reject Christ's warriors in our hour of need. (Bell tolls) Nephew. Your Grace. How goes the business at the Convent? I fear the casualties mount. The Lord often requires sacrifice. The Medicis crossed the Lord, refusing to appoint our Archbishop in Pisa, employing a war engineer. It is God's will to break Lorenzo and all who support him. With the possible exception of da Vinci, I agree with you. Lucrezia Donati has him tied up between her thighs, his alliance with the Medicis is a fragile one. Those weapons he makes, they could all be ours. And what of da Vinci's other alliances? Has he not sided with the Sons of Mithras? Da Vinci can deliver us The Book of Leaves. All signs point to it being in Florence, and then he can aid in unlocking its unparalleled knowledge. Surely, the Lord wills that we embrace him. Do you tell me what the Lord wills? Of course not, Father. Holy Father. Find a way, then. Make this da Vinci ours, if it amuses you. Oh, Riario, your slave girl. The Abyssinian. I want her for tonight. Don't fret. You'll have her back in the morning. Whoa! Thank you, Gualberto. Lorenzo? No. I know how he summons you. Gualberto, the carriage, the rose. They're all up there. Lorenzo, his father. His grandfather, Cosimo. Giuliano, his lynx. His sisters, me, Becchi. Even that pig Duke Sforza. Because he was important to Florence. Lorenzo doesn't summon me. Oh, but he does. It hasn't always been you. Lorenzo's had other diversions. Well, what do you want? For me to stay away from him? I love him. And I love this city. Perhaps because he is this city. You see, we have to prevail. And do you think me an impediment to that end? You cannot be as brazen with your affections. Not in public. There is a conspirator in our court. As we speak, Lorenzo continues to eliminate suspects and draws the noose tighter. They will find the traitor and execute him. But until then, any vulnerability against Lorenzo could be exploited. You could be used as leverage against him. You are a distraction. That's your function. I will tolerate that. But I will not tolerate you becoming a vulnerability. Wait five minutes after I leave. Clarice, I know you love him. How can you even stand to look at me? Because I know you will never be up on that wall. Ah, Signora. Might I have a word before you depart? Are you and your husband at home tomorrow? It's vital I question you about any recent travels. Our travels? Forgive my indelicacy, Lorenzo requests I track the comings and goings of everyone with access to the palace. Given these vexing times, I'm afraid we can't make exceptions. Absolutely. Niccolo and I will assist you in any way that we can. Excellent. Tomorrow noon then? Yes. Good day, Gentile. Gualberto, you shall retrieve me again this evening. Lorenzo requires my presence. (Whip cracks and horse neighs) (Woman grunts and groans) I cast you out, infernal adversary! Begone from our Sister Oriana, from all made in the image of God and redeemed by the precious blood of the divine Lamb. The most high God commands you! Man of Rome. The Most High God commands you. I know why you came. Eternal Word of God made flesh. I know what you crave. The sacred mystery of the cross commands you. I know what you crave. The exalted Virgin Mary commands you. All you think about is f*cking. I adjure you by the living God, by the true God, cease your deception of this woman! Begone! Begone! Prefect Mercuri! Silence! I command you, begone! The moments before she died, I saw the light of God in her eyes. She is saved. Tell me something, Prefect. In all your time doing this, have you ever met a demon that you couldn't expel? No. "Ex umbra in solem". "From Shadow into the Light". Epigram of the Secret Archives. (Gasps) Where am I? What am I doing? You're at the Convent. You're at the Convent. Sshh. Sshh. But I left it for you. You returned. You came back to aid your friends. You lied, Leonardo. You promised me wonders. You said we'd fly. You said we'd burn like the sun, but there's no sun in your world. There's only coldness and shadows. Ssh. Ssh. Calm yourself. You've taken ill. You're so smart, you're so beautiful, but we're just toys to you, aren't we? I think it is time to cleanse this dear soul as well. Don't touch her. Don't you... Surely she deserves a chance to fight this herself. Just one more day. In God's name. Till dawn, then. If you cannot solve this by morning, we must burn this evil out of them. Foolish fire. (Woman screams) No! I'm going to fly for you, Leo, fly to the sun. You're on Florentine soil, you sheep-biting scut and I want you out. Now. Tough talk from the golden boy... (Sniggering) ..without your brother to back it up. (Sniggering) No matter. It won't be long till the both of you are run out of town. How do you figure that? Simple. Rome has more men. And the Lord on its side. Well, we've got ten pipe organ muskets capable of firing 33 rounds a minute on ours. Ten guns? Good to know, thank you for that. (Laughter) I'll be fine on my own. As you wish, Signora. We're starting to eliminate suspects. Some of the counters, the cooks. The circle of suspicion grows smaller. (Knock at door) Most will prove loyal. One will slip. And then we'll have him. I didn't send for you. I think you did. I felt it. Matters of state obsess me. Please go. There are those who saw me arrive - Gualberto... Officers of the Night. And they know I only come here for you. They may think that you finished with me... prematurely. They'll think what I'll have them think. I don't want you here. No. Of course you don't. (Panting) (Grunts) You're troubled. Tell me what it is. Is it the spy? Your wife. She summoned me this morning. I'll have words with her. No, please don't. Her actions were only out of concern for your safety. My love, this traitor could be anyone, no matter how close they are to you. Clarice's suspicions are justified. You can't let your investigation overlook anyone. Search even those you suspect the least, for the threat may reside anywhere - even in your own home. Maestro, that's 20. Can I stop now? Wash it all down. Why are you making me do this? We've eliminated accidental causes. That leaves only intentional contamination. The wine and wafers are poisoned? Apparently not. It was a thought. Is it not possible demons are the cause? It goes against logic. God punishes his admirers, and leaves heathens like us unscathed? This has the makings of a plot. Invoke the Devil, make people afraid, and when they're afraid, they stop asking questions. No, this isn't the work of the Deceiver, this is a counter-attack. Rome is inducing this possession. I know it. I just... I don't know how. (Man screaming) Aargh! Bertino! I - N - R - I. I carved the letters from our Savior's cross into his neck, driving out the demons. Which of you will I save next? Devil! No devil. Just a Medici. Bind him securely! (Screams) For this curse to pass from the nuns to one of the Officers of the Night, the answer has to be right before us. What has your man eaten today? Nothing. He offered up a fast to Our Lord to help the afflicted nuns. A pious man. The most pious of us all. Every moment, he would pray to Saint Anthony to end the women's agony. How did he pray? Kissing the feet of the statue. It's been a custom for centuries. Vanessa, the others - did they practice the same custom? Many of the Sisters here do. Maybe it's time for your patron to shed some light on our problem. I need fireflies. A capture. You've taught me well. My first victory is close at hand. You should be careful not to press a desperate foe too hard. Or you may find yourself at the mercy of a divine move. 'The inspired play turns a losing game into victory.' Have your men douse their lanterns. What are the fools up to now? It matters not, this ends now. On occasion, the distinct properties of different lights enable us to see clearly what may previously have been hidden. 'The glow of the firefly, for instance, intensifies anything red.' I've used it in the past to calibrate crimson in my paints to the most specific degree. But what does this have to do with the demons? Everything, as it turns out. Some fungi, for instance, appear bright red in certain lights. (Wailing) Burning! Make it stop! I will, my child. Prepare them with oil. Time to burn the devil out! (Groaning) (Woman screams) Brand her. Red ergot fungus! It normally grows on rye. The effects are dire: Spasms, vomiting, dropsy, gangrene, and, according to survivors, a distinct sensation of being burned, as if by hellfire. It scrambles the mind, you see. It causes hallucinations and mania. Your mind is as scrambled as theirs, da Vinci. Now move aside or burn. We must cleanse this convent, cauterize the infection. The nuns are beyond help, victims of a spiritual assault. On that account, I agree with you. An assault perpetrated by agents who would seek to weaponize the Holy Spirit. The feet of the statue outside are dusted with ergot. All of the victims kissed the feet of Saint Anthony before falling sick. All of the stricken Sisters, Vanessa Even your pious Officer, Bertino. To a person. What you're suggesting is absurd! Is it? Then why have neither you nor Captain Grunwald's men fallen sick? Hmm? Why aren't heretics like Signor Medici, or young Nico, or myself fallen sick? It's because we made no obeisance to the statue. Nor did you or your men. I won't stand for this fatuous slander another moment. Well, all you need to do is kiss the feet of Saint Anthony to prove me wrong. "Red ergot"? Who ever heard of such a thing? Stop! I will tell you. A historian by the name of Geoffroy du Breuil recorded one such outbreak in the 12th century. Perhaps you have a copy of it, hidden amongst your Secret Archives? A treatment for this affliction exists. It's a green ointment of these herbs and vinegar, and a vigorous regime of leeching. If we use this, we may still be able to save those who've fallen sick. Well done, da Vinci. Mother Albino : Thank you Maestro. (Chuckles) (Gasps) (Gasps) You know why you brought us here. We died to prove your genius. (Heartbeat pounds) Riario! (Yells) Tell me what to say to win the other key. Tell me what to say to win the key! Tell me! I am a son of Earth and starry Heaven. I am a son of Earth and starry... Mother? (Hawk cries) Mother? Giuliano : Da Vinci... can you hear me? I think he's starting to respond. Maestro... are you alright? You kept stirring and crying out. Vanessa's lips. Vanessa's lips... they bore the poison. I was in a deep vision. Yes, we know. The Sisters have been treating you all day long. Vanessa? Is she - Perfectly fine. You've kept Rome from claiming a beautiful victim. It's all over now. For me, I fear it's just begun. (Shudders) "Satan, for it is written, you shall worship the Lord your God, and Him only shall you serve." You know your scripture. I now know a great many things, Cardinal. That's a message worth delivering to Riario. Believe me, Count Riario and I have much to discuss. How did they do it, Maestro? It wouldn't have been hard. The Convent's open to all worshipers, as the Prioress said. Just one single, sympathetic agent could have strolled in, contaminated the toes of Saint Anthony... and waited. And then - Abyssus abyssum invocat - 'One misstep leads to another.' Lorenzo : 'They poisoned the pious.' Oh, God, have mercy on the believers. We just bought Florence more time. Hm. What is it? A rider brought word. Your brother let slip how many guns we have. Production continues, but... Giuliano could've hidden his error but admitted it. For all the good that does. Rome will strike when it knows exactly what it faces. We'll have to produce even more guns now. Oh, yes, I ordered a full search of the palace, no stone unturned. Have you discovered something? Your Magnificence, perhaps we should discuss this in private. Show me now, Conti, or I'll think it's you with something to hide. Where did you find this? Where? In Signor Becchi's quarters. You lie! These are not mine! It was on a shelf, il Magnifico. I swear. Hidden amongst other books. It was you. All along, the traitor was you. Lorenzo, this is a mistake. Roman Scudos. Papers with the Papal Seal. A list of locations to hide them for delivery to Rome. Found in my home! Please, Lorenzo... Silence! Or I'll cut out your tongue myself. Remove him. To the Bargello. Riario : 'It would appear you've won again.' There will be other games. It's difficult, choosing which path to follow, trying to see a way through all the strategies you've initiated. No. No, that's not difficult. You simply have to believe. In my experience, there's nothing simple about belief. That's the difference between you and me. Not the only one. I heard you. Tell Zo to dispose of these. They've served their purpose. I gather he quite prefers it in there, no? He doesn't seem to be interested in his freedom, maybe he likes his pretty cage. Ignis fatuus. As one game ends, another begins. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 