Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - The Voyage of the Damned - Da Vinci's Demons 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - The Voyage of the Damned https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=474&t=23305 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/06/14 14:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - The Voyage of the Damned 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Death to the Medicis! 
 I must return to the palace. 
 Citizens of Florence, I put the fate of our Republic in your hands. 
 Palle! 
 The Medici rallying cry. 
 We apprehend the Pazzi traitors. 
 You dare kill a cardinal? 
 We will dangle you in your Sunday best. 
 You let Riario take Nico? 
 I was supposed to be on that ship. 
 Well, there's someone that can help. 
 There is a man named Vespucci. 
 So you wish to sail west but the Vatican have stolen your ship. 
 We steal one of theirs. 
 You seek an alliance with us against Florence? 
 How may we be of service? 
 Rome's aggression will not stop. 
 Did this belong to your grandfather? 
 Take it with you on your journey. 
 Brothers whose blood flows in each other's veins. 
 ♪ 
♪ DaVinci's Demons 2x03 ♪ 
The Voyage of the Damned 
Original Air Date on April 5, 2014 
 ♪ 
 (Chatter and calling out) 
 (Music and hammering) 
 (Gulls cry) 
 Do you know who I am? 
 Indeed, Count Riario. 
 The name of the Pope's nephew is well known. 
 Well, then, you know the consequences if you do not cede this ship to me. 
 Alfonso, Duke of Calabria, governs this vessel. 
 We carry slaves to Genoa for his father - 
 King Ferrante. 
 If you do not give up this ship to my command, in days there shall be no one left... in Italy named Sindona. 
 Your wife, children, cousins, I shall visit them all. 
 I suppose if I set sail immediately, then I won't have to explain to Duke Alfonso... 
 A wise decision indeed. 
 Explain what, Captain? 
 Count Riario acts for Pope Sixtus, who wishes to commandeer the Sentinel for a new destination. 
 Does he now? 
 Perhaps you did not realize, I know Riario well. 
 The Count is a friend of mine. 
 While you, senor, well... 
 Need I elaborate? 
 You said this would work. 
 It would have done if Firello f*cking Two Blades hadn't shown up. 
 Who masquerades before Alfonso, warrior par excellence and heir of the Kingdom of Naples? 
 (As Riario) Leonardo. 
 Sorry, I'm still in character. 
 I'm Leonardo Da Vinci. Revolutionary painter, artist and visionary, of the Republic of Florence. 
 Arrogant b*st*rd, aren't you? 
 b*st*rd, yes. But it's hardly arrogant to speak the truth. 
 I am the son of a king, anointed by God. 
 While you, I gather, are legally the son of no one. 
 Not bad. 
 I was about to say the same of you. 
 Well, now you're just showing off. 
 Let's get out of here. 
 Time to swim. 
 Leo? 
 Aargh! 
 Fine. 
 (Alfonso laughs) 
 I am an artist too, but I paint with steel. 
 Death by sea or sword? 
 Either a fitting end for a b*st*rd. 
 While restoring the Aqueduct, I shall rebuild some 30 churches. 
 San Vitale, Santa Maria del Popolo, St Peter's. 
 I shall commission a new chapel: frescos on the ceiling. 
 Your Holiness? 
 He carries bad news. 
 Lorenzo de Medici rules Florence once again. 
 Jacopo Pazzi has been murdered by the mob. 
 Francesco Pazzi and Cardinal Orsini have been hanged. 
 The Cardinal, decaying in his full ecclesiastical robes. 
 (Laughs) 
 At last, someone brings me good tidings from Florence. 
 How so, Your Holiness? 
 Lorenzo's sinful Republic courts heresy at every turn. 
 The artists flocking to his city would find God and truth on their own. 
 As if sheep don't need a shepherd guiding them. 
 Their manic celebration of free thinking has led them to overreach. 
 Fatally so. 
 Now they would hang one of God's own? 
 Well, such an act justifies any retaliation I might consider. 
 Hm... 
 Mark this, sirs. 
 Today, the Republic of Florence and every man, woman and misbegotten child therein are... excommunicated. 
 Let them wallow in unholy squalor. 
 Damned in this world and the next. 
 The death bell tolls for Florence. 
 (Shouting) 
 Jacopo Pazzi's home. 
 He wants to take a bath! 
 Let's throw him in the river! 
 (Excited chatter) 
 I suppose it's proof of our fallen nature. 
 We can't help but to look. 
 They were monsters. 
 If you ask me you were justified in hanging them. 
 I didn't ask. 
 You must find someplace where you can avoid all this. 
 Such sights will endanger the child. 
 I don't believe that. 
 Neither did I. 
 I think I should decide what's best for my child. 
 I am capable of that... all on my own. 
 I don't believe that. 
 I wasn't anticipating another ambidextrous swordsman in Italy. 
 When the barons of Salerno schemed against Naples, Alfonso's forces crushed the insurrection. 
 He lives for battle. 
 It's hard facing someone who's better at what he does than you. It's tough. 
 Is there any other ship we can accost? 
 One that will withstand the rigors of a voyage across the Atlantic? 
 I know every ship in Pisa. 
 The Sentinel's your only recourse. 
 Then I have to be on that ship. 
 Is this quest of yours worth all the risk? 
 We can make money in Genoa, in Savoy, even here in Pisa. 
 People know Alfonso's assessing the city for a possible invasion. 
 And scared people are easy to fleece. 
 If you could put aside your rapacious greed for a moment, you clot-pole, we have a friend to rescue. 
 There's more than Nico's life at stake. 
 There are hundreds of painters in Florence. 
 And you pair up with the one who's out to save the world. 
 If you want our Medici credit vouchers you'll help us. 
 I'm always interested in money, but your only hope is the Sentinel. 
 And after our last escape, rowing out there would provide them with easy targets. 
 We'd be killed and chopped up to feed their slaves. 
 If we could reach the ship safely, we could free those slaves. 
 They deserve to have their chains sundered. 
 And the chaos of slave rebellion would help us seize command. 
 Pity we didn't bring along your underwater suit. 
 It wouldn't withstand the weight and depth of the sea. 
 You made an underwater suit? 
 Then the Turk's right. Your quest is over. 
 Riario gets the book, Nico's dead. 
 Leo, where are you going? 
 To solve this problem somehow. 
 I may not be able to best Alfonso man to man - that doesn't mean I can't win. 
 Our Republic is excommunicated. 
 We are dammed to a man, to a woman, to a child. 
 Sixtus would do such a thing? 
 Who is that murderer to tell us we're not Christians? 
 Did you expect no retaliation when you had your brother strung up? 
 Would you for a moment suggest that we let any of Giuliano's killers live? 
 All of Florence applauds this justice. 
 Until they starve. 
 This declaration is the equivalent of a trade embargo. 
 No Christian is allowed to do business with us. 
 With King Ferrante, Duke Federico and Sixtus all against us, 
 Milan will hesitate to take our side, and nor will Spain come to our aid - too busy with their foul Inquisition. 
 Ferrante will strike here in Pisa, and continuing through Lucca and on to Savoy, gaining strength to make a move against Venice. 
 The peninsula could be theirs within a year. 
 With terrifying ease. 
 Florence creates the future. 
 But not if we fall prey to this infernal alliance. 
 Rome will control all faith and knowledge. 
 (Sighs) 
 (Chatter) 
 Trader : Let's just wrap that up. 
 I will not allow the Turk to be right. 
 There is a way to follow Riario and Nico, there must be. 
 What the hell is that? 
 With the right balance, a man might use specially fitted pontoons to walk on water. But... 
 Alfonso and his men would just shoot him down on sight. 
 We could ram the ship with this. 
 But then it would sink uselessly. 
 Well, no strapping me into a f*cking catapult. 
 Damn it, Da Vinci, look here. 
 Duke Alfonso has put a price on that fevered skull of yours. 
 This is an appalling likeness. 
 If only you were a sorcerer, we'd have the ship by now. 
 How can the Duke even offer a reward? He holds no authority in Pisa. 
 All he needs is one hungry man in a scared city to turn Da Vinci in. 
 I admit, I'm impressed by 20 florins. 
 It's an attractive sum. 
 Put this one up. People shouldn't have to suffer pedestrian artwork. 
 Woman : Shellfish! Shellfish, nice and fresh! 
 Get your fresh... It smells like a cheap whore. Ah! Brings back memories, eh? Remember that ripe little brothel back in Peretola? Or have you switched from fish to meat? I don't know. Does your mother qualify as meat? Trout two florins. Two florins for trout. You can't really expect such a price for trout, can you? The Pope's damned us to hell, cut us off from the world. It will be harder to buy anything hereon. Tentacles... The way this creature attaches itself to its quarry. Sort of like a leech. Greedy, sheep-sucking sponge! I make money through connections, Zoroaster. As would you if you were more successful. This shell provides solid protection. But moves too slowly. Oh, sh1t. He's making the connection himself. Hey, you, with the face. Do I know you? That scampi you sold me had my wife being sick for a week. Yes, I think you know me. My bride couldn't even shag me on Midsummer Eve, this scutmonger made her so sick. Is that right? Is that right? Man : Mind your backs. Coming through! Get out of the way, dear. Don't want to do you an injury now. Mind your backs. Coming through. It's all right. Vespucci. We need to go. This creature solves it. Marvelous. We have to go. Yep... (Bell tolls) How could you have executed Cardinal Orsini? Our trade and banking partners are deserting us as they hear of Florence's excommunication. Surely you knew such action would bring God's wrath upon our city. Disavow her, Lorenzo, to help us... If anyone deserves God's anger, is it not Cardinal Orsini? Who befouled Easter Sunday, the most holy day of the year? Who plotted with traitors to bring death into our sacred cathedral? Clarice carried out my exact wishes. Then both of you can take credit as our city slowly starves. Panic is an ugly thing, gentlemen. It makes people overreach. Your Grace, people begin to flee our Republic seeking haven from excommunication. The ranks of my own officers are thinning. We cannot guarantee order. The Medici Bank will founder if we cannot atone for Orsini's death. Then the head of the Medici Bank shall take action. Surely I can reason any antagonist to my side. Just as I tamed the mobs that ran amok in our city. Neither the Pope or King Ferrante will receive any diplomatic envoy from Florence. But they will receive me. They will not hide and delay given the chance to speak to my face. If you can only reach Naples. You and I shall ride there undercover. Slip through Siena and the Papal States and confront King Ferrante and his court directly. You and I? Your legal counsel will be invaluable. And I know most of the Neapolitan court from my youth. They will attend my arguments. And I will persuade Ferrante that no alliance with Sixtus  ever benefits the Pope's partners. My love, perhaps you haven't yet fully recovered from... Being the one most hated and persecuted by our enemies, I may... by placing myself in their hands, be the means of restoring peace to our city. I am more bound than other any man here to give up all to my country. Even my life. But with no Medici authority among the Signoria, will we be able to defend the city in your absence? Clarice shall supply that authority. I trust her to act on my behalf. Obey to her as you would me. A woman? You cannot be serious. Each word you speak against my wife invites more retribution... I will save our city... returning to hear how you supported Clarice. Or I will feed you your fat fingers one by one. Am I understood? (Whimpers) Florence awaits our success. Make way for His Eminence. Make way for His Eminence. Oh! God's wounds! Walk steadily! (Screaming) Good morning, Cardinal. Just relax. If I wanted you dead then my dear friend Quon Shan would have done it before you even knew. What do you want? To enlighten you. As curator of the Secret Archives, you place value on clandestine knowledge, do you not? I have a secret I think you might be interested in. Ha! Said Eve to Adam. Inside the Castel Sant'Angelo the Pope holds a prisoner. A man about whom you care deeply. How would a whore like you know of the Pope's dealings? (Cries out) Don't believe me. Search every corner of the Castel Sant'Angelo. And then when you have found the man that I describe, you will come back here and meet me, of your own accord. What stops me from simply ordering guards to arrest you and your... heathen mute? When you discover whom the Pope holds prisoner, arresting us will be the last thing on your mind. It's perfect. It's perfect. It's just as I asked. Everything. Lamp oil, grappling hooks, three dozen leather skins, glass, scrap iron. And... from my own collection, these maps by the cartographer Toscanelli should prove useful. I still need a second well-balanced sword should I face Duke Alfonso again. Of course. I'm glad you're pleased. We spent most of your coin on it all. I thought you said... Sssh. What? Didn't you spend it all? Not in front of the laborers. They work for an advance against future pay. They won't take too kindly to know there is no future pay. We'll save that revelation till after we're gone. You are... As if you've never duped anyone like this. I dupe people who deserve it. Anyone gullible enough to be duped deserves it. Whatever pads one's purse is fair game. No? Well, don't tell me you work for Da Vinci for free. He doesn't pay you? (Laughs) Is he that well hung? You plibbling, flat-mouthed pustule... Gentlemen! Your friend is quick with insults. But he does not endure them so well. What do you plan to make out of all this... miscellany? It's a new invention. A mechanical fish. Trout, salmon, cod? Part trout, part turtle, part lamprey. Nature always produces ingenious hybrids, so shall we. Look! You and I shall board this craft, once I've calculated how much air we need. We then toss it into the sea, float just beneath the surface, paddling our way underwater until we reach the side of the ship. Grappling hooks will attach to its hull, like the lamprey to the tuna. We then wait till nightfall, board the boat, free the slaves, and in the resulting uprising, the ship will be ours. He's not kidding. He never kids. So you would get into a turtle shell with him and drown there? No, we'd just smash the glass and swim to safety should it come to that. Yes, and Alfonso's forces would see you both hit the surface and lance you through with arrows and spears. You agreed to help us acquire a ship. This... is how we'll do it. I suggest you support it, seeing how your own plan failed utterly. You must know... you're mad. I've heard it said. Lunatics think much of themselves. I'll not be part of your madness. Not that I mind seeing him go, but can we afford to lose our expert on ships and their capabilities? To work! 
 
 Clearly you meant it when you said you didn't deserve your family, for now you would vanish on us. In the name of protecting you. I nearly lost you to assassins on Easter Sunday. Now you dream you can ride into the court of our enemies without getting killed. There must be a subtler way to negotiate. In our plight subtlety will no longer do. Your plan for Giuliano to marry Camilla Pazzi, that was a subtle plan that got my brother killed. Deep down I doubted the notion. I... should have gone with my gut. That's what Giuliano would have done, and from now on, I do too. You blame me for Giuliano's death? I wasn't making that exact point. No, no, you were being subtle. And you're right — f*ck subtlety. Well, now, your real feelings for me emerge. I could have obliged the Signoria and had you thrown out. Claimed your actions stemmed from an anger I could not quell in my weakened state, yet... yet I defended you. A man and woman, one in marriage. You've never believed that. You see matrimony as a political tool. Your grandfather chose a safe wife from Rome as a matter of strategy. I've tried, but you keep me outside your heart. You'll have no luck using that on me. No... This... is for her. No, no. Clarice, no. Now it is a masterpiece. Let's talk of your vaunted gut instinct. The one that invited this whore into our home. A Roman spy in our court. Lucrezia...? What...? No one dared to tell you. It falls to your dutiful bride. Lucrezia Donati betrayed you to Sixtus and the Pazzi. Your gut instinct is why you no longer have a brother. (Gasps) Ask Dragonetti if you don't believe me. He knows all of Lucrezia's sins. Not that she matters anymore. Riario likely killed her days ago when her uses reached an end. What she did was intrigue and deception. What I do now is the opposite. I'm confronting Ferrante man to man. I will save my city. Man : Hang on, I'm slipping. Steady. Steady! Hold it. From this angle, if we paddle west by southwest for 30 minutes at 18 revolutions per minute, we should reach the hull of the Sentinel just before dusk. We'll wait for darkness, scale the side of the ship... and start a revolution. Time to make history. And you're sure we have enough air? A man at rest breathes one modius of air per minute. If we keep to the count, 18 revolutions per minute, we'll be fine. Wait. If you die down there, how do we get paid? Fish us up, and sell the remains as salvage. Heave-ho! Got it? Yep. You in? Yeah. Where did you put the pisser? Tie a knot in it, it's long enough. Right. Man : Can you hear me? Okay. Right, they're ready. Prepare to cast off. Watch it! This part's working. Gravity's sinking us down. Indeed. No, we're not, we're not springing any leaks. It means the waterproofing's holding. When do we start paddling? Once we stop sinking, and stabilize. Right. When is that? (Thud) Oh, sh1t. If you wanted a vessel that sinks to the bottom, why didn't you ask me? One step at a time. Now we just simply release some ballast... until we reach the correct depth. Damn, this could actually work. Time to start moving. Remember, 18 revolutions per minute. Yes? Push. (Chuckles) Ha-ha-ha! (Gasps) (Neck snaps) (Coughs) (Chuckles) Haven't seen one of these in ages. Do you still play? Who are you? What have you done to deserve your chains? It's good to see you again, Lupo. How many years has it been? God in heaven... What are you? In your heart you know what I am. The one true pope. Huh. Is it true what Captain Sindona tells me? Yes. I can lead you to Da Vinci. Weren't you with him when the b*st*rd tried to steal my ship? Money is money. I've seen your bounty posters that offer much more than that lunatic can pay. You'll get the florins when I have the knave in hand. Where is he? In a storehouse I leased out, by the waterfront. Building an insane contraption he thinks will get him to your ship. I'll take you there. Perhaps you stay here while I send men to your storehouse. If you're lying, I eviscerate you and pitch you over the bow. As you will. Go where he tells you. Yes, sir. And is it possible that you never recovered Da Vinci's dagger? The slaves refuse to hand it over. (Coughing) Finding it means looking close enough to get your throat slashed. And we don't have a man to spare. Clever little sh1ts, aren't they? Adamu, Mihail... The other vassals listen to you. Produce the weapon or the women among you suffer. One by one until you obey. (Cries out) Not today. What's your name? Yana. You are mistaken. From now on, your name is... Toy. Free her ankles. Keep her wrists bound and see her to my chambers. Yes, sir. If you are Francesco della Rovere, who wears the Pope's robes? I never knew you to have a twin brother. He fled our family. When young. (Chuckles) We were happy he left. And then one morning, after my election to the Papacy, Alessandro... seized me by surprise. Threw me in this cell, keeping me alive for his own reasons. Killing all those who plotted with him. Save only Riario. How do I know you are not the imposter? Test us! Do you recall... why I chose the name Sixtus... when I became Pope? That I do. Because I came from nothing. The name Sixtus means polished. Refined. My private rebuke to those who mocked my upbringing, when we were young scholars. Only you and I know that. See if the pretender does. You might wanna take a look where we're going. I calculated the speed and flow of the current, I have a compass to direct us. To be honest, I really only put a window there to keep you entertained. So you don't need to know about the sunken wreck we're steering towards? Well, how close is it? Four braccia, maybe. Three? Pedal faster. What? The current could save us. We'll use up air if we speed up. Our ramming a submerged hull might use up air as well. Quicker, faster. Oh! (Water splashing) (Groans) Oh, sh1t. We could be in for a bath. Which is better: drowning, asphyxiating, or surfacing and being punctured by Alfonso's men? Just pedal. Hold your breath. You want help with that? I'm surprised you can still walk after last night. (Man laughs) What were you up to? She was a beauty. (Laughter) (Chatter continues) I was green with jealousy. I'm surprised you can keep her satisfied with what you've got between your legs. (Laughter and chatter) Yeah, dream on, mate. Dream on. I am just a bit concerned we're gonna die. We're almost there. It will be night soon. You didn't calculate we'd be losing buckets of air before. (Thud) Success. Are we out? Then it's not success. How long till darkness? An hour. Right. Start patching these leaks. With what, exactly? The excrement currently filling my pants? If you want our air to last, try shutting up. (Tinkles) Fabrizio, surely you know I shall be dining alone this evening. My lady, I was told there was a guest. Family should dine together. Guards! Who the hell are you? Carlo de Medici, my lady. b*st*rd son of Lorenzo's grandfather Cosimo de Medici. Half-brother to your father-in-law. I have lived here for years. Why have I never met you? I have traveled many years as a missionary. Until the cruelty of the world made me doubt the Church and its message, as you have had reason to doubt Rome yourself. Hearing of the threats my family faces from the Pope I have returned home to offer my aid. My family faces many enemies. You'll understand if I have doubts as to your identity. The proof I belong here is in the very walls. (Click) How fortuitous that you wanted to see me, Lupo. How so, Your Holiness? A guard said you entered a tunnel that's been untouched for centuries. Am I not free to come and go in the Archives, as I wish? In fact, the reason I was there was why I wish to see you. I've been wondering how we might observe the anniversary of your papacy, and so sought to consult relics from the last Pope Sixtus. But then thought to seek your counsel. Why did you choose the name... Sixtus, I wonder? No other Pope has gone by that name in nearly a millennium. Were you not there when I chose it? My age betrays me. My mind is no Secret Archive holding everything. When I took the throne Rome was in decay. I wanted to restore it to the glory of an earlier era. Like Pope Sixtus The Third before me, who built so much of our city. Hm. Yes. How could I have forgotten... Your Holiness? Lorenzo never showed you this? There I am. Not as handsome as I am in real life, I admit. And painted many... many years ago. Fabrizio, you recognize me from your childhood, no? When your father served at table for Lorenzo's father and myself. Yes, I think so. I was young. Do the servants still keep bottles of acacia-blossom grappa? Hidden beneath the rags in the cellar? They do indeed, Your Grace. That was always my favorite. Bring up a bottle. I'd love to enjoy some now. Ah, it's getting hard to breathe. Almost dark. Just a little while longer. Next time...I won't build this submersible so quickly. Please... You have failed us, Da Vinci. You are not the one we hoped. You are not the one... It is a dark hour, and your arrogant belief that you are capable of anything has only made it darker. Leo. Leo! Fire! Fire in the hold! (Men shouting) Put it out! Fire in the hold! (Shouting) Upper deck! More water! Amerigo came through. (Men shouting) (Splash) Quick. More water! Get some more! This sword I carry bears the words "Freedom for the people". We will loose your chains. Fight with us to seize the ship and we will grant you that freedom. They bring food for us soon. You won't have enough time. Leo, these are serious locks. Right. Someone will have to distract Duke Alfonso whilst you free them all. You'll find him in his bedchamber. You can't take on Alfonso. Does "ripped you to sh1t" mean anything? Two swords will not help that much. The Duke is seemingly unbeatable. You said yourself you can't best him man to man. Well, I'll redefine winning. Leo, you are hammered from lack of air. He knows your weak spots. Then work f*cking fast. Don't let me get killed for nothing, yeah? Vespucci. Can you give me a hand? Vespucci! Well... I didn't think I needed more motive to kill you. Clearly I was wrong. There's nowhere to run. What's your strategy, knave? Do you know, I could use some air. (Laughs) Actually, I thank you. This will be even more satisfying than screwing that Circassian gash. (Chuckles) (Both cry out) Time to accept your fate, Da Vinci. I must confess I was distracted by the thought of your imminent defeat. (Both laugh) It's almost a shame to kill you. What a court jester you'd make. Then again, what a trophy you'll make for Father's museum. Aaargh! You asked about my strategy. Well, these souls you carried into bondage, far outnumber your men. And they're rather motivated. They will kill you... if you do not deed this ship... to me. Now... Before you let him go... (Laughs) Aargh! Aargh! Aaargh! Toy. You read my people's language. Yeah. Pick up what I can. (Bell tolling, dogs barking) I've seen what you intended. Now you have to choose... to serve the true Pope, or a deceiver. But how did you... of all people... know this... when I did not? You wondered from the first why Riario chose me as a spy. That prisoner is my father. (Gasps) What am I to do with this knowledge? It's simple enough. Take me to see him. Go on, move. You sail with this scum, Captain? Understand, my lord, my ship is my life, and my treasure - whoever charters it. You would put the son of King Ferrante on a pinnace sailing back to Pisa? Naples will know of this insult, Da Vinci. We will bury you and every leader of Florence. Well, show them your battle scar. Regale them with every detail. Oh, particularly the part where you lost. I'm indebted to you all. I hope you never have to wear chains again. We thank you, and pray you are right. And when we reach Cape Verdi, any of you who do not wish to accompany us, to a new world... may leave. Your lives will be your own again. But... we do still have need of more crew... to brave the oceans with us. And we promise you, we promise you half of whatever we find on our journey. Free of your chains. As all should be in the world I hope to see. (Crew members call out) How are you here? Where is the astrolabe to guide you safely through the storms? Where is the map to lead you to the Book of Leaves? So, I may... I may have deviated from your plan, but I have not abandoned my quest. In no future that we perceived, did you find another ship. Maybe I'm making my own future. There is a price for straying from the course of the river of time. And it will be paid in the blood of those who follow you. Instead of issuing dire predictions, you might help me get back on track. Better to let the river carry you along, than to exhaust yourself fighting it. Everything I... Everything I have ever achieved has been accomplished by fighting to exhaustion. I know no other way. This journey... is entirely of your own making, Da Vinci. So, know this. You will either lead us all to illumination, or into further darkness. Who are you talking to? Myself. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 