Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Screwdriver - MacGyver 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Screwdriver https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=731&t=30461 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/07/17 04:44 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Screwdriver 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ Don't know how you do the voodoo that you do so well ♪ 
♪ It's a spell, hell, makes me wanna shoop, shoop, shoop ♪ 
♪ Shoop, shoop ba-doop... ♪ 
 Jack : ♪ You know you make me want to shoop ♪ 
♪ Shoop ba-doop, shoop ba-doop ♪ 
♪ Shoop ba-doop, ba-doop, ba-doop ♪ 
♪ Shoop ba-doop, shoop ba-doop... ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Are you ready to talk? 
 Heck, yeah. 
 This is some good stuff, man. 
 What do they call it? 
 Sodium Pentothal. 
 (slurring his words): Truth serum? 
 Correct. 
 Sounds good. 
 Not for you, I am afraid. 
 Now I'm going to ask you the same questions... as before. 
 What is your name? 
 Guess. 
 (laughing) 
 Come on, man. I'm just kidding with you. 
 It's Jack Dalton. Jack Wyatt Dalton. 
 Wyatt's my middle name. 
 My dad was a big fan of old westerns, but he died recently. It's sad. I miss him. 
 Who do you work for? 
 Phoenix Foundation. 
 It's a covert little outfit masquerading as a think tank in Los Angeles, California. 
 U.S. of A. 
 Home of the World Champion Chicago Cubs, soon-to-be-champion Dallas Cowboys and lots of fat infidels. 
 Tell me about this... Phoenix. 
 Well, we're the guys you call, you know, when nut jobs like you threaten to kill a bunch of people. 
 Who else knows about me? 
 Let's see. 
 Riley Davis. 
 She is a firecracker. 
 She can clear your name off the planet with three keystrokes. 
 And there's Wilt Bozer. 
 He's new to the organization, so you don't really have to worry about him too much. 
 Plus, they're back in L.A. Oh. 
 There's my boss, Patricia Thornton. 
 She likes to go by "Director Thornton," but I call her "Patti," you know, to get under her skin a little bit. 
 You know, she's a good-looking woman, you know. 
 No sense of humor. Zero. 
 I mean, come on, you got to have a sense of humor... about all this, right? 
 I mean, even Miss Terrorist,  Mrs.  Terrorist... she must crack a smile every now and then, right? 
 Is that everyone? 
 No. No, there's one more. 
 He's my boy... MacGyver. 
 Dude is so smart. 
 He's the smartest guy I've ever met in my life. 
 Met over in the desert fighting guys like you. 
 No, I really... 
 I really love the little guy. I do. 
 He's like... he's like a brother. 
 And where is he? 
 Now? 
 Yes. 
 Well, if he's following the plan, he should be... right outside that door... right now. 
 (laughs) 
 I mean, come on, man. 
 You didn't think he was just gonna leave me in here like that, did you? 
 Hey, Mac, long hallway, last door on the left marked "ugly room." 
 Shut up, before I kill you now! 
 Copy that. Shutting up. 
 Oh, I think that's for you. Hmm. 
 Jack : Oh. Oh. (chuckles) 
 (groaning, thudding) 
 (grunting) 
 (groaning) 
 (groaning) How did you do that? 
 How? 
 Ink from red pens. 
 (groans) 
 And a bottle of chocolate sauce. 
 Not the good kind, either. 
 The cheap, high-fructose kind. 
 Jack : Oh, man. 
 (man groaning) 
 It is good to see you, buddy. 
 (groaning) 
 Man, I-I really screwed up. I let the cat out of the bag. 
 I told him all about the Phoenix Foundation. 
 Thornton's gonna be so mad at me, right? 
 Ah, it doesn't matter. He's going to jail. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 All right. 
 Time to go. 
 Hey, it's really good to see you. 
 You, too, man. 
 A big hug? 
 We'll save it for after the flight, all right? 
 Oh. 
 I love you, buddy. 
 I love you, too, big guy. 
 (crying) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey, Mac... how old do you think I look? 
 Your age. 
 (laughs) 
 No. I mean, how old do you think I can get away with looking? 
 Don't lie on a dating profile, Jack. 
 You're only setting people up for disappointment. 
 All right, I'm just gonna man-rupt you right there 'cause you're killing the vibe. 
 This is supposed to be fun. 
 I'll just finish this on my own, thank you. 
 Just saying, tell the truth. 
 You'll feel good about it. 
 35. 
 And a half. 
 So, why the sudden interest in finding Miss Right? 
 Well, I got this weird thing about dying alone. 
 And I've been thinking it might be nice to see some little Jacks running around. 
 All right. Next section. 
 "What do you look for in the perfect companion?" 
 Someone who likes bad karaoke and getting shot at. 
 I already got you for that, sweetheart. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Can you get that? 
 I can, but I won't. 
 Are you serious? Why not? 
 House rules. 
 House rules... what does that even mean? 
 It means it's your house. You got to answer the door. 
 What's the matter with you? That's proper etiquette. 
 Now you're Emily Post? 
 Whatever. 
 I'm trying to teach you something here. 
 You're trying to make up an excuse 'cause your lazy ass doesn't want to get off the couch. 
 Hey, if you don't believe me, look it up. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 I'm obviously in the middle of something, and if you wouldn't mind getting up, that'd be great. 
 Okay, fine. Be a rude host. 
 Hey, welcome to the rude house. 
 (doorbell rings) 
 Can you put a little hustle into that? 
 You're so bossy. 
 ♪ Won't you come around? Want to show you I'm true... ♪ 
 Who is it? 
 Hey, Jack, who is it? 
 ♪ You've got the strength that I need... ♪ 
 (sighs) 
 ♪ Demons in my head always... ♪ 
 Jack, who is it? 
 Hey, Mac. 
 Sarah. Nice to see you. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Nikki Carpenter was a former member of your ops team, is that right? 
 Yeah. 
 Six months ago, she escaped custody after failing to deploy a WMD? 
 That's right. 
 And before her betrayal, she was also your girlfriend for two years. 
 What does that have to do with anything? 
 Sarah found Nikki. 
 We finally get to catch her. 
 Nine hours ago, the CIA intercepted a message about a dead drop to an unknown recipient being made by a woman whose alias has been traced back to Nikki Carpenter. 
 I recognized the name, asked my superiors if I could put together a team for the grab, then immediately tracked down Jack and Mac to recruit them to my op. 
 Jack : Thank you, Sarah, but Nikki's family business. 
 We'll go ahead and take it from here. 
 Sarah : Like I said, it's my op, and because of your relationship to the suspect, I'm offering you the opportunity to assist. 
 And we're super-duper grateful, but you're still not coming. 
 Jack, is there a problem? 
 No. 
 No, there's not a problem. It's just... 
 Sarah's getting married this weekend. 
 I don't think now is the best time for a new field assignment. 
 And here I thought you just didn't get the invitation. 
 Uh, we could give you guys a minute if, uh... 
 I got the invitation. 
 Then why didn't you respond? 
 (clears throat) 
 We better get moving, if we're gonna intercept Nikki. Let's go. 
 Jack. 
 What the hell was that? 
 What? 
 I'm going. 
 No, you're not. I'm not gonna be responsible if something happens to you a week before your wedding. 
 I don't need that. 
 Let's give them some privacy, shall we? 
 Damn. 
 It's soundproof, too. 
 I know what this is about. 
 What? 
 Your invitation. 
 So what about it? 
 I can see receiving it upset you. 
 Look, I-I didn't even know if I should send it. 
 Held onto it for a long time, but then I thought, if you weren't invited, you would be hurt. 
 At least this way, you could choose to RSVP "no." 
 Instead, you just didn't respond at all. 
 What are you really doing here, Sarah, hmm? 
 I mean, Nikki... she doesn't mean anything to you. 
 But she means something to you. 
 You've been thinking about me? 
 Uh... 
 Huh? 
 I am here because Nikki Carpenter is a threat to national security. 
 And it's a great excuse to get to see Jack. 
 Do you ever think before you speak, or do you just say the first thing that tumbles through that thick head of yours? 
 Nikki's capture will yield valuable intel that we can... 
 We can gather together, side by side, arm in arm, just like old times. 
 Teaming with operatives who know the suspect gives me the best chance of mission success. 
 Yeah, and if you think about it, it gives us really... really quality time together before you walk down the aisle... 
 I'm just gonna stop you right here before you say something we both regret, because you'll be sterile, and I'll be in jail. 
 I am just here... to catch Nikki. 
 So... 
 Sarah's coming with us. Isn't that great? 
 Two hours until Nikki gets here. 
 Secure the perimeter and take positions. 
 What? 
 Oh, it's not so bad. 
 You, me, walking down the aisle. 
 Dads walk their daughters down the aisle, Jack. 
 Does John know you invited me? 
 His name's Jeff. And... he thought it was a good idea. 
 Hmm. 
 What fiancé tells his bride to invite her much-better ex... to the wedding? 
 The kind that's not insecure, and thank you Jack, for being so mature about this. 
 My mistake thinking we could still be friends. 
 Okay. 
 Tell me about the dress. 
 Traditional. 
 Hmm? Is it white? 
 No, it's black Kevlar with a comm package and an ammo belt. 
 There's no reason to be sarcastic. 
 Unless you're not being sarcastic. 
 You look great in black. 
 It'd be a hell of a look. 
 It's white. 
 Mm. 
 And you can see it if you come to the wedding. 
 Oh, if I'm not dead by the weekend, I'll certainly consider it. 
 (chuckles) 
 (footsteps approaching) 
 You guys okay? 
 Oh. Peachy. 
 Riley : Okay, Mac, I got a live satellite view of your location. 
 MacGyver : Copy that. 
 Getting into position for Nikki's arrival now. 
 (wooden door slides open) 
 (whispering): Hey, Mac? 
 Yeah. 
 That's you, right? 
 Who else would it be? 
 Um, all right. I'm just checking. I can't see you. 
 Is everything all right... my son? 
 Oh, very funny. 
 Yeah. 
 Uh-uh... and no, everything's not all right. 
 I'm pretty messed up, actually. 
 Couldn't tell. 
 I just don't know how much longer I can keep pretending I'm fine with all this. 
 Oh. This is you  pretending  to be fine, huh? 
 Yeah, uh-uh. Pretty good at hiding my feelings, too. 
 I know I should have told you about the wedding, but when I got the invitation, I just didn't want to think about it. 
 So... I threw it out. 
 I don't even know why I did it. 
 Oh, you know why. 
 We both know why. 
 You still have feelings for Sarah. 
 And you don't want her to get married. 
 I wish I could tell you to say a few Hail Mary's and it'll all be better, but... it won't. 
 There's a reason they say "speak now or forever hold your peace." 
 I think maybe it's time you told her how you feel. 
 Riley (over radio) : Okay, Mac, I got a vehicle approaching, and our target making entry Hello, Nikki. 
 Nikki! 
 Nikki, stop! 
 Jack : Wait. Wait. Wait. 
 Take that door. 
 (door creaks) 
 (gun hammer cocks) 
 Hands up. Go on. 
 Nikki : Altiora Petimus... 
 Bravo Seven. 
 MacGyver : What does that mean? 
 Altiora Petimus... Bravo Seven. It's... it's an agency code for... 
 Riley : It means Nikki isn't a terrorist. 
 She's actually a deep cover agent for the CIA. 
 MacGyver : What the hell is going on? 
 Six months ago, right before Lake Como, I was recruited by the CIA for a deep cover op. 
 Jack : Really? Was this before or after you stole a deadly virus and tried to kill everybody with it? 
 That was my buy-in. 
 I had to convince the Organization. 
 Releasing a WMD as initiation? 
 You expect us to believe the CIA approved that? 
 They did. 
 'Cause I assured them Mac would never let the virus be unleashed. 
 What's your mission? 
 There's a mole in the U.S. government leaking classified intel to the Organization, keeping them one step ahead of all efforts to stop them. 
 This whole thing is about a mole? 
 Okay, fine. 
 Who's the mole? 
 Someone high up in the intelligence community. 
 I... The closest I've got to ID'ing them is a code name: Chrysalis. 
 I was making progress, getting close to ID'ing the mole until... 
 Until they hired Murdoc to kill me? 
 I realized the op had gone too far. 
 Putting people I care about in jeopardy. 
 So I contacted my CIA handler and asked to be pulled out. 
 Two days later, he died in a car accident. 
 Since then, I've been on my own. 
 And no one else knew you were undercover. 
 No. 
 There was no dead drop, was there? 
 You let us intercept the message. 
 You wanted... to get caught. 
 That's right. 
 And you just got an answer for everything, don't you? 
 Nikki : Please. 
 I can't finish this on my own. 
 I need you to help me find Chrysalis. 
 Do you still have the key I sent you? 
 You know I do. 
 All my intel on Chrysalis is in a lockbox four hours from here. 
 It'll prove everything I've said. 
 Jack : Yeah, all this sincerity is killing me... she's lying, Mac. 
 MacGyver : We're talking about a high-level mole inside of our government. 
 If there's even a chance she's telling the truth, we need to know. 
 Riley :  Sorry, but did you just say  "and  don't  tell Thornton"? 
 I know I just started working here, but... isn't this the sort of thing you're  supposed  to tell the boss? 
 MacGyver : Ordinarily, yes, but if Thornton finds out, she'll say Nikki's playing mind games and order us to bring her in immediately. 
 Okay, but  is  she playing mind games with you, Mac? 
 I don't know. 
 This "Organization" of hers has been one step ahead of us at every turn. 
 We can't ignore the possibility Chrysalis may be real. 
 Okay, I'll see what I can dig up on that code name. 
 And I'm almost afraid to ask, but what will you guys be doing? 
 Going dark, and taking Nikki to the lockbox. 
 This is crazy. 
 If Chrysalis is real, whoever they are, they are really good at covering their tracks. 
 If I start poking around government systems trying to find them, I might accidentally tip them off and put our guys in more danger. 
 Okay. I know this probably breaks four or five spy rules, but... if we can't search inside the government, what if we start with someone who was inside Nikki's Organization? 
 No. 
 You're not seriously suggesting we go talk to... 
 (door buzzes) 
 Wilt. 
 Riley. 
 What a lovely surprise. 
 How long has it been? 
 _ 
 Since you tried to kill us all, Murdoc? (sighs) 
 Not long enough. 
 You've lost that deer in-the-headlights look, Wilt. 
 I take it roomie filled you in on everything. 
 He works with us now. 
 You do know your life just got a whole lot shorter, don't you? 
 As long as your crazy ass is locked up, I'll be just fine. 
 I'm missing  Guiding Light. 
 So if you don't mind, let's cut the chitchat. 
 Tell me why you're here. 
 (door bells jingle) 
 Hey, what are we doing here? 
 Gathering supplies. 
 (overenunciating): No, what are we doing here? 
 Our... job? 
 No. No. Our job is to find Nikki. 
 I drive to the middle of nowhere based on a pack of lies fed to us by a known traitor, who's already betrayed us, like, ten times over. 
 Yeah, Jack, I know what it looks like. 
 But you can't just ignore actual intel on a possible double agent in the government. 
 Oh, my God, you actually believe her? 
 Come on, Mac, we both know that she's your kryptonite. 
 She's playing us, just like she did before. 
 A-and Thornton's gonna have our hide when she finds out what we're doing. 
 All right, then go home. I got this. 
 I... Yeah, that's just crazy talk right there, 'cause you know wherever you go, I go. 
 Nikki :  So you're Sarah. 
 The Jack used to talk about you all the time. The one who got away. Funny, I heard the same thing about you. "The one who got away." After trying to murder a bunch of people. We've been over this. All right? I did it for the mission. Don't give me the "God and country" speech. You could have found another way into the Organization, one that didn't get your boyfriend shot and put millions of lives at risk. Even if everything you've told us is true... and I'm still not sure it is... I don't trust you, Nikki. Look... I'm just saying you're wearing Nikki-colored glasses here, man. Every time you two get around each other, your big brain gets all mushy. She could be leading us into a trap. Yeah, that's what the cheese puffs are for. Hey, you still got her phone? If I give you this phone, you're gonna be leading Nikki's people right to our location, man. Okay, fine. It's your funeral. Mine, too, by the way, so thanks for that. Send flowers. It'll only be on for a few minutes, and... it'll be worth it... because... (toy squeaking) Now we have her code. No, what we have are five tries till that cell phone wipes itself clean, and four digits that could be in any order. Now, I'm no mathematician... that's not really my strong suit... but that's a lot of numbers, brother. If you think... How'd you do that? Nikki's code is my birthday. See, that's exactly why I don't trust her. You two are like Taylor Swift and whoever she's dating right now... it's... tragic, messy, and never ends well. (beeps) On the other hand, those are log-in codes to Langley... that any... deep cover CIA operative would have. Maybe Nikki's telling the truth. Okay, let's go pop her stupid lockbox, see what's in there. Oh, man! Chrysalis, eh? I may have heard the name. I'm just not sure I feel like helping you. Just say what you want, Murdoc. Money? A window? Some fava beans and a nice... Chianti? A book, actually. Paradise Lost. The original print with the Doré etchings. Not a second edition, not a reprint... original cloth. Let me guess. Out of print? Extremely hard to find? So what's this book mean to you? Oh, what this book means to me is inconsequential. What matters to you is that this book is the key to unlocking my lips. Until then... ♪ ♪ 
 
 It's clear up top. It's clear. Okay. Where is it? In there. What game are you playing? Nikki : None. I swear. Chrysalis must have got here first, picked the lock and then destroyed all the evidence. Did you set us up? No! Sarah : Either way, we need to go... we just walked into a trap. (gunfire) Jack : Get down! Everybody, down! (gunfire) (gunshots) What do we got, Jack? (gunfire continues) (groans) Looking at, uh, two three-man teams. Leap-frogging from the tree line. They're here to kill me for betraying them. Or maybe they're here to kill us 'cause you led us into a trap. I didn't lead you into a trap, Jack! Yeah, you did! Guys! Now's not the time. He's right. We're outmanned, outgunned, and nearly out of ammo. We need an exit. Any ideas? ♪ ♪ (gunfire) Jack : Spaghetti? Really? MacGyver : Eyes on the bad guys, Jack. Okay. Jack, open the door. I'll roll out the stove. The explosion should knock these guys back, and once that happens, run like hell for the car. Run to the car. Good plan. Anybody needs to stretch out, go ahead and do it now. Oh, there's one catch. I need someone to shoot a bullet straight through the grill of this stove. While-while it's rolling? Well, yeah. Only a well-placed shot will trigger the explosion. Otherwise, no boom. Right. No-no boom, no  bueno.  Okay. No problem. I got this. No, no. Who says you're gonna take the shot? I mean, we want to hit it, don't we? Oh, that's hilarious. Okay, uh... All right, ready? Let's do this. (men shouting) Whoo. Nice shot. Thanks, Jack. That was big of you to admit. No. I was complimenting myself. Man : Let's move, people! Get 'em! (gunfire) (Nikki grunts) Go! Go! Go! You're lucky. A couple of inches to the left it would've shattered your collarbone. All right, I think we're clear. I'd like to circle back to my earlier comment, about Nikki leading us into a trap. If that was a trap, Jack, why am I the only one bleeding? Mm-hmm. She's right. They were shooting at all of us. Nikki was a target, too. I hate to admit it, but Mac's got a point. That was a kill squad, not a rescue team. Okay, fine. Against my better judgment, I will concede that it's possible that Nikki's telling the truth. But if there is a mole, then how did he know where Nikki's lockbox was? Huh? And-and while I'm asking unanswerable questions, if Chrysalis destroyed all of Nikki's evidence, what's our next move to catch him? Can you still contact Chrysalis? Yeah. Operatives use a special encrypted network to communicate with each other. I can still access it. Good. You're gonna reach out to him and blackmail him. With what? He destroyed all the evidence I had against him. We know that; he doesn't. You can tell him you have another copy, and he'll have to believe you. Okay, fine. Even if he believes she made another copy, he still has to believe she has a good reason to blackmail him. MacGyver : Well, luckily, she does. Her CIA handler is dead. Which means she can't prove she's been deep cover for the CIA. MacGyver : Right. And if she can't can't come in from the cold, and the Organization wants her dead... Then she'd have to go on the run. Precisely. Which is why Nikki will offer to sell the evidence to Chrysalis for $2 million. And if Nikki demands to meet in person, I'm guessing Chrysalis will try and show up and kill her. Oh. Yeah. Okay, I gotcha. Oh, good. We're gonna use me as bait. Boom. We just turned  Paradise Lost  into Paradise found. That was not easy to get ahold of. What led you to believe that any of this would be easy, Wilt? Okay. You got your moldy book. Now tell us what you know about Chrysalis. S. A. 37, 41, 19, 11, 65, 14, 96, ten, ten, double zero, seven. What the hell is this? International bank account number the Organization used to pay me. If Chrysalis is in fact working for them, that is the account that the money will be coming from. A bank account? That's your lead? Guard. I'm done. Oh, guard... Wait a minute, Murdoc, you can't just... Your naiveté is adorable. You made a deal with the devil. Did you really think it was gonna be fair? Riley :  Oh. Here we go. I found the financial institution the Organization is using to wash their money. Can you hack in? Depends on your definition of the word "in." I'm on their network, but I can't get root kernel access. Okay. Now I just feel like you're hazing the new guy. What does that mean? (laughs) Well, it's bad. Even if I could hack in, this company protects their clients from cyber theft by deleting all transaction records every 24 hours. Murdoc just sold us a dead-end. Actually... maybe not. Where's this place located? (typing) New York. Then we're all good. U.S. law requires financial institutions to maintain records for three years. Which means somewhere in that company's HQ, there has to be paper copies of every transaction. How do you know all this? My uncle used to own an accounting firm and my mom made me work for him... a lot. Wasted many a summer filing. Well, when this helps us bring down the mole, remind me to thank your mom. This is the location you trust for the sting? Absolutely. Clear lines of sight to every entry and exit, plenty of cover. And this way, if we get double-crossed again, we do it in style. Nikki : Hey, there... Charles. My friends and I need a room for the night. Had to be the honeymoon suite. So, how do we contact Chrysalis, anyways? You don't have a computer. Sure we do. I'm good with a keyboard, remember? (typing and beeping) What do you want the message to Chrysalis to say? The lockbox was a copy. If you want the originals, price is $2 million. In person. Non-negotiable. Nikki : Okay. Now what? Now we wait. ♪ ♪ Between us, we have about three, three and a half clips. Give or take a round. So we're running low then. Yeah. Yeah, we're running low. Not Naples low, but low. You remember Naples? (chuckles) Of course I remember Naples. That's where you bet me you'd save my life more times than I'd save yours. And I believe I won that bet, didn't I? You absolutely did not. We were tied... and then I pulled you out of that Jeep before the Minigun shredded it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's right. I still owe you dinner in Positino, don't I? (laughs) What? Positano. (laughing) Whatever. It's never too late, you know, Sarah. I, um... Positano's where Jeff's taking me on our honeymoon. That's great. No, it is, you know? You... you always wanted to go there. I wanted to go there with you. I should... go inside and check the windows. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like a... a good idea. Or we could just stay on this balcony forever. (sighs) Sorry. But I got to do it or it's gonna get infected. Ah. Sorry. Mac, I never got a chance to tell you that I'm sorry. I never meant for you to get hurt. I wanted to tell you. I just thought about telling you so many times. It's the hardest op I've ever worked. I could pretend I turned, I could pretend I didn't care... but I couldn't pretend that I stopped loving you. Riley :  Are you sure this is gonna work? Bozer :  Oh, hell no. I've never done anything like this before. But, in theory, it should, as long as you're 100% sure the employee ID photos you stole off their network belong to people who still work here. Yes. They still work here, but I'm not 100% sure the e-mail I sent them saying the office is closed for fumigation will keep them away. (sighs) Is it always this itchy? Yes. But don't scratch. No way to explain why your chin fell off. Hold still. (computer beeps) Have a nice day. An hour late. Whoever Chrysalis is, punctuality isn't one of his strong suits. Anybody want to take bets on what this dude looks like? Huh? Don't worry, Mac, if he's a big fella, I'll take him. I got a lot of sleep last night. What is that supposed to mean? Nothing. You just looked a little tired this morning. Like you didn't do too much sleeping. Jack, let's keep this line open for mission critical communication. I second that. Yeah, sorry, Nikki, you don't get a vote. (man shouting indistinctly) (gasping) Okay. Here we go again. Man : Come on, let's go. Man 2 : Let me see your hands! Go! This way! I thought she told him to come alone. I did. Wait, we know these guys. They work for us at the Phoenix. What the hell's going on? MacGyver! Dalton! Whatever this is... it's over. (groans) Okay, I hacked this door and their security cams to cover our tracks. But that's where the hacking ends. So, what's your plan for finding the Organization's financial records in all of this? I don't have one. But this is literally why everything is digitized nowadays. You can't run a keyword search on a box of files. You can't, but I can. I may not be much of a spy yet, but I was one hell of an accounting file clerk. I'm about to show this terminal digit filing system who's boss. A'ight. Thornton : Two hours ago, Phoenix intercepted six encrypted messages between Nikki and her Organization. This whole mole hunt has been a ruse cooked up to waste government resources, destroy the careers of three top agents. MacGyver : That's impossible. Chrysalis could have faked those texts... There is no Chrysalis, man. Didn't you hear what Patti just said? Nikki's been lying to us the whole time, just like she did before. So just how screwed are we? All I know is Nikki is going to prison. As for you three... I would postpone your wedding, Agent Adler. You'll be in mandatory debriefing for weeks. All right, let's go. My first official mission, and it was a success. I can't wait to tell Jack and... (footsteps approaching) Mac. Whoa, whoa. What's going on? Nikki was lying. There is no mole. Nah. That's impossible. Trust me, tried that. Didn't work. No, Bozer's right. There is a mole. We found proof. The Organization has been paying someone under an alias established by the U.S. government for at least three years. We just don't know who it is yet. You're making my brain hurt. If there really is a Chrysalis, then how come nobody showed up to our sting? What? I think I just figured out who the mole is. I just got word from Oversight. They're coming in person to discuss your situation. I'm afraid I won't be allowed to see you again afterward, so I... I wanted to wish you both good luck. Good luck. That's-that's funny. We were about to say the same thing to you. MacGyver : Oversight is coming, but not for us. What the hell is going on? Jack : Well, you were right, Patti. We screwed up. Big-time. Disobeying orders, harboring a fugitive. But you did get one thing very wrong. Our sting operation worked. MacGyver : Someone did show up. You. Ever since Nikki escaped, you've been trying to keep me from going after her. You said, "Let other agents handle it." I was concerned for you. You were being emotionally compromised. And then there was the cookout at the cabin. That was a lot of fun. Sarah : We took great pains to make sure we weren't being tracked or followed. And I'm pretty good at that. Jack : Yeah, we all are. Riley : But you could've been listening in when Mac called us about the evidence in Nikki's lockbox. (scoffs) And... when I turned on Nikki's phone at the gas station, our current location popped up on Phoenix's radar. Your radar. Just for a moment. We were still a few hours away from the cabin. So not many people could've guessed where we were headed. The only other person that knew our history there was you. So you sent operatives from the Organization to destroy Nikki's evidence before we got there. I can't believe you're buying into this conspiracy theory without even a shred of proof. Bozer : But we do have proof. Riley? The Organization has wired millions into a Cayman Islands bank account, which we traced to a holding company which led to an alias. And a little birdie at the NSA told me that that alias belongs to you. You are Chrysalis. Turns out Nikki was telling the truth the whole time. The only person lying was you. (handcuffs jangle) Patricia Thornton, you have the right to remain silent. I know my damn rights. Nikki : Then let's go. Bozer : I'm gonna just come out and say it. That was some freaky, dark side, Snowden stuff right there. Riley : I didn't know Thornton as long as you guys did, but I never thought she'd be arrested for treason. Bozer : What in the world would make her do something like this? MacGyver : Money. Ideology. Nah, I think it's a mixture of both, with a whole lot of disillusionment thrown in. She's smart. She's not gonna say anything. So we may never know the truth. MacGyver : So instead of Nikki being a traitor for a few months and me not knowing, it was Thornton for a few years. Don't feel bad. None of us had a clue. Riley : Yeah. That's a lot worse. But at least we caught Thornton, right? So... partial credit? Oh, I think there's more guilt than credit going around on this one, Bozer. Any idea what happens now? MacGyver : That's up to Oversight. Oh. Maybe Oversight can help you figure that one out. Good luck. (chuckles softly) Hey. "Hey"? That's it? You always did have a way with words, Mac. You got me shot, broke my heart, made me feel like I was crazy, and now you're gonna make fun of me? And I'm really gonna enjoy it. (chuckles softly) So, what's your current status? I mean, are you gonna be joining us? Not until the job's done. You got Thornton. My assignment was to take down the Organization, not just the mole. But we're not really talking about work, are we? I'd say we should go to the cabin for a little weekend getaway, but... it's full of bullet holes now. And it needs a new stove. (chuckles) Maybe we just take it one day at a time, see how that goes. Whatever happens, we'll always have Cairo. (chuckles softly) ("Bridal Chorus" playing) _ Please be seated. (song ends) Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to join in the sight of God Sarah and Jeff in the holy bonds of matrimony. You okay, man? We can split anytime you want. Man, I been shot at by terrorists, tortured on three different continents, and landed a plane with no wings and no engine. I ain't fleeing some wedding just 'cause I'm... a little uncomfortable. (grunts) And now, if anyone can show just cause why these two may not be joined, they may speak now or forever hold their peace. ♪ If I leave you it doesn't mean that I love you any less ♪ Then, by the power vested in me, I now pronounce you... husband and wife. ♪ When you get up in the morning ♪ 
♪ And you see that crazy sun ♪ (applause) ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
♪ There's a train leaving nightly called ♪ 
♪ When all is said and done ♪ 
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ 
♪ These wheels keep turning ♪ 
♪ But they're running out of steam ♪ 
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ (sighs) ♪ Sha-la-la-la-la... ♪ Hey, can I be honest with you, man? Of course. This week has  sucked  for me, man. (chuckles) (exhales) Yeah. Yeah, it has. Want to go order pizza and watch  Die Hard? O.G. or the sequels? O.G. I know how much you like the original. Yeah, yeah. Welcome to the party, pal. (chuckles) ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 