Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 03x04 - A Gentle Heart - When Calls the Heart 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 03x04 - A Gentle Heart https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=281&t=26028 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/15/16 09:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 03x04 - A Gentle Heart 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on When Calls the Heart... 
 Jack! 
 Faith! 
 Jack : Is something wrong? 
 It's personal. 
 Garrisons deserve to be locked away. 
 My days as a Mountie are over. 
 What happened? 
 Metal cable, it snapped. 
 Wade : Another axle broke on a delivery wagon. 
 First, Mr. Coulter gets hurt, and now this? 
 Rosemary : I think you are pushing yourself way too hard, Lee. 
 There is no reason for you to hurry back to work like this. 
 You need time to recover. 
 Rosemary, I cut my foot. I don't have the plague. 
 Well, that may be, but a person can never be too careful. 
 (sighing) 
 This person has work to do. 
 Lots of work to do. 
 Just promise me you will take it easy. 
 I promise. 
 I'll be back later to check on you. 
 Oh, I know you will. 
 Don't work too hard. 
 I won't. 
 And try and stay out of that draft. 
 I keep telling you, I'm not sick. 
 Well, let's keep it that way, then, shall we? 
 Go, go, go... 
 Oh, boy. 
 Wade. Give me some good news, please. 
 I wish I could. But we lost another contract. 
 (sighs) That's the second one in three days. 
 We couldn't meet the delivery schedule, not with three wagons out of service. 
 And one of the saws is down. 
 How long to fix that? 
 I got two guys on it now. Could take the rest of the week. 
 All right, well, let's get six guys on it, 'cause we gotta dig ourselves out of this hole we're in. 
 (knock on door) 
 Come in. 
 Looks like a snow storm in here. 
 Jack, this is so frustrating. 
 I want to write about Hope Valley. 
 I want to share stories about my life here with the rest of the world, but I can't seem to get past the first line. 
 Well, sometimes, you have inspiration, and sometimes, you don't. 
 I think mine's taken a vacation. 
 Well, it's back now. 
 I ordered this from the mercantile for you last week. 
 May I? 
 Jack... it's so wonderful! 
 I know how much these stories mean to you. 
 Thank you so much. 
 Try it out. 
 (keys clacking sharply) 
 ♪♪ 
 All right, everyone, now, before we get started, I would like to introduce you to Hattie Ferguson. 
 She just moved here from Hamilton. 
 Isn't that where you come from? 
 Yes, it is, and it's very far away, so I want you all to welcome Hattie and make her feel at home. 
 all together : Hi, Hattie! 
 That's very nice. All right, everyone, please take out your arithmetic books and turn to page 10. 
 Hattie, we're a little short on books right now, but you can share with Anna. 
 We had our own books at my school in Hamilton. 
 And I will get you one as soon as I can. 
 I don't want to sit next to her. 
 Well, I've assigned you your seat, so you need to take it. 
 Today we'll be reviewing our multiplication tables... 
 I really like your dress. 
 Just because I'm sitting here doesn't mean we're friends. 
 I was thinking chocolate cake. 
 Please, Florence, there's really no need to make such a fuss. 
 Oh, you know me, I like to fuss. 
 Morning, ladies! 
 Good morning. 
 I hear someone has a birthday coming up. 
 I know this is hard to believe, but I didn't say a word. I swear it. 
 So how did you know? 
 Well, I am an investigator, and my investigation has led me to the conclusion thht... someone may not have any plans on her birthday. 
 I didn't, but Florence just invited me... 
 Out to lunch. She's completely free for dinner. 
 And I'm completely behind on my shopping. I must go. 
 Good day. 
 So how does a birthday dinner sound? 
 Delightful. 
 I know this great little cafe and this amazing chef who only cooks on special occasions. 
 Oh? And who would that be? 
 What's your favorite dish? 
 I like to be surprised. 
 Well, I'm very good at surprises. 
 How's 7:00 on Thursday? 
 I'll see you then. 
 This is the last of it. I should have some apples to send tomorrow, and I'll bake some bread. 
 Well, you've been more than generous. 
 It's hard for those settlers in the valley to move here and leave behind everything they know. 
 Sounds like you speak from experience. 
 Well, Noah and I came out west looking for a better life, but it took a while to find it. 
 I remember what it's like to be hungry. 
 So if there's anything else I can do, let me know. 
 Oh, you've done more than you know, really. 
 Well, I could say the same about you. 
 You've been there every day for a week. 
 The best part of my job is being of service. 
 What's the worst? 
 Missing Sunday breakfast at your cafe. 
 Well, I could be convinced to open early. 
 No, no, you've got too much work to do. 
 Oh, cooking you breakfast is not work. 
 Well, I'd better get out there. 
 You know what? Clara can handle the lunch rush. 
 I'm going with you. 
 That's great. I could use the help. 
 Yes, it'll be good for us. Like a new beginning after everything that's happened. 
 Yeah, I know what you mean. But don't think this gets you off the hook. 
 I still want a rematch at darts. 
 Oh, my, you are a glutton for punishment, aren't you? 
 (laughing) 
 I'll see you outside. 
 Yeah. (clears throat awkwardly) 
 Taking the afternoon off? 
 Yes, I'm going to help with the settlers. But Clara's here. 
 I'm sure she'll manage just fine. 
 Is there something you needed? 
 Actually, there is. Um... I wanted your permission to close the cafe an hour early on Thursday night. 
 May I ask why? 
 It's Dottie Ramsey's birthday and I wanted to cook her dinner. 
 That is a lovely idea. 
 So it's all right with you? 
 Yes, I think she'll love it. 
 She's just a friend. 
 Of course she is. 
 So, there are some shortcuts in learning the multiplication tables. 
 Can anyone tell me what those are? 
 Miss Thatcher, Miles stole my book. 
 Miles, please give Emily her book back. 
 Is it time for recess? 
 (sighs) A short recess. 
 Ooh, it's my turn with the kickball! 
 No, it's not, it's mine. 
 Boys, please share. 
 Do you want to play hopscotch with us? 
 I don't play hopscotch. 
 My best friend, Janie, and I, we play croquet. 
 Hopscotch is fun. 
 I said, I don't want to! 
 Laura, what's going on here? 
 We just asked her if she wanted to play hopscotch with us. 
 Hopscotch is dumb. 
 Maybe you're dumb. 
 All right, that's enough. 
 Everyone back inside, everyone in your seats. 
 Now, I am very disappointed in how you all treating each other today. 
 She started it! 
 It doesn't matter who started it. 
 What's important is that we all learn to treat each other with kindness in this class. 
 So... today will be the first day of... Kindness Week. 
 What's Kindness Week? 
 Well... every day this week, for your homework, you're going to do something kind for someone. 
 It can't be someone like your best friend. It needs to be someone else. 
 Like who? 
 Someone you wouldn't normally think of. 
 And you get to pick. 
 Do we have to? 
 Yes, we have to... Because we're a community, and it's time we start acting like one. 
 This couldn't have come at a better time, Pastor. 
 It's been tougher to find work than we thought. 
 Well, I hear the railroad's hiring. 
 They were, for a while. 
 Not anymore. 
 Couple people got jobs at the sawmill, but it's still not enough to go around. 
 We'll do whatever we can to help. 
 Thank you. 
 (baby crying) 
 Is he all right? 
 He won't stop crying. 
 What's his name? 
 Oliver. 
 Hi, Oliver. 
 (baby crying) 
 How long has he had a fever? 
 A couple days. 
 There's a nurse in town who could help. 
 Oh, I couldn't afford a nurse. 
 Oh, don't worry about that. 
 No, you're part of Hope Valley now. We take care of each other. 
 There, there, Oliver. 
 It's okay... 
 You wanted to talk to me? 
 Yes. 
 I'd spoken to Mayor Gowen, he said you turned down the offer to run the infirmary. 
 That's right. 
 You don't like working here in Hope Valley. 
 No, I do. 
 Can I ask why you said no? 
 I got a wire from my fiancé. 
 He told me I had to go back to Union City right away. 
 Is everything all right? 
 Yes, everything's fine. 
 I said I'd come as soon as my work was done, that I wanted to help set up the infirmary and get it up and running. 
 But he had a problem with that? 
 I guess so. 
 He's coming here tomorrow to take me home. 
 Well, how do you feel about it? 
 I don't know. 
 I mean, I love Peter, and I want to make him happy, but... being here and making a difference in people's lives, it makes me feel so... alive. 
 To tell you the truth, I don't know what to do. 
 (door opens) 
 I brought... dinner? 
 I'm sorry, I didn't mean to intrude... 
 No, it's all right. I was just leaving. 
 Oh... 
 Faith... 
 Talk to Peter about it. Tell him how you feel. 
 I feel as though I've interrupted something. 
 She turned down the offer to run the infirmary. 
 It turns out her and her fiancé are having some problems. 
 And she came to you to sort them out? 
 Yeah. I'm her friend. 
 I know. 
 Doesn't mean I have to like it. 
 Just for the record, I'm not sure how I feel about Wade Barrett living right next door to you. 
 Well... he is rather dashing. 
 How am I ever going to compete with that? 
 Maybe you should try. 
 Okay. 
 After dinner, I am going to take you for a long, romantic walk around the lake, just me and you. 
 It's a bit chilly for a walk. 
 Don't worry, I'll keep you warm. 
 How's that for competition? 
 You win. 
 (laughs) 
 (crickets chirping, dogs bark distantly) 
 He's not crying anymore. 
 There you go. 
 He has a mild ear infection, but we caught it early. 
 He should be just fine. 
 Thanks to the two of you. 
 But I would like someone to bring you into town in the morning, just to be sure there are no complications. 
 I don't think if I can impose again. 
 It's not an imposition, Edith. 
 I can't thank you enough for all you've done. 
 (door opens) 
 You ready to go? 
 See you tomorrow. 
 Caleb surprised me this morning by making my bed. 
 It earned him an extra cookie in his lunch. 
 It is important to teach the children to respect each other. 
 It's about learning manners, if you ask me. 
 It's so hard to teach children to behave properly. 
 You talk and talk, and it goes in one ear and out the other. 
 Well, I think I may have a solution for you. 
 When I was your children's age, young ladies and gentlemen learned good manners by attending a dance. 
 That's an interesting idea... 
 It was marvelous. 
 Girls in their very best dresses, and boys in their Sunday suits. 
 All so proper, so elegant and on their very best behavior, treating each other with respect and courtesy. 
 I wish we could do something like that here. 
 We could, if Rosemary would organize it. 
 Ooh, well... 
 It is Kindness Week, and... well, I do have a talent for putting together such things. 
 No one does it better than you. 
 Well, there'd have to be a dance class, so the children could practice. 
 They could stay after school. 
 And then there's the formal dance. 
 We'd need decorations, and of course, there has to be refreshments. 
 I'll bake brownies. 
 I'll bring punch and cookies. 
 (giggling) 
 Well, this is amazing! Kindness is contagious in Hope Valley. 
 (laughs) 
 Have a very nice day. 
 Rumor has it that Lee Coulter's been losing a lot of business. 
 Yeah, he can't seem to catch a break. 
 Anything like this ever happened before? 
 No, it hasn't. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? 
 Something not adding up, Jack. 
 Right. 
 Let's just hope it's a string of bad luck. 
 It'd better be. This town lives and dies by that sawmill. 
 Jack! I want you to meet my fiancé. 
 This is Peter Fillmore. 
 Peter, a pleasure. 
 Constable. 
 It's a nice little town you have here. 
 Well, we like it. And we appreciate all of Faith's help. 
 She's very good at all that she does. 
 We were hoping she could stay until we found a replacement for her. 
 We need to get back home, I'm afraid. 
 If I just stayed another week or two... 
 Don't you have a wedding to plan? 
 I do... 
 Then there's nothing more to say. 
 I can do both. 
 Being my wife is going to be a full-time job, my darling. 
 You won't have to worry about playing little Florence Nightingale ever again. 
 Nice to meet you, Constable. 
 You, too. 
 Now, before I hear about all of the kind things you've done for one another, Miss LeVeaux has an announcement. 
 Hello, children. 
 Because it is Kindness Week, I have volunteered to do a selfless act of kindness for all of you. 
 We're not gonna do another play, are we? 
 Robert... 
 Perhaps even better than a play. 
 I am going to organize a dance for all of you. 
 With decorations, and refreshments, and music! (giggles) 
 It's going to be simply... (gasps) magical. 
 Now... We'll begin practicing after school, and when I am done with you, you all will know how to behave like perfect little ladies and gallant little gentlemen. 
 (claps) We'll see you after school. 
 In Hamilton, my best friend, Janie, and I went to cotillion all the time. 
 You have to have a live orchestra. 
 Well, you don't need a live orchestra in order to have a wonderful time and make lots of new friends. 
 It won't be the same. 
 All right. Um, now, who has done an act of kindness that they would like to share with the class? 
 I washed the dishes for my mom. 
 Very good, Opal. Anyone else? 
 I rescued a skunk! You wanna see? 
 (screaming in panic and disgust) 
 How long did the nurse say it'd take for your shoulder to get better? 
 Not too long, a week or two maybe. 
 Are you going back to work at the Mercantile? 
 I'm not sure yet. All I know is, I want to make a lot more money, so I can buy my girl lots of nice things. 
 I'm not your girl, Jesse. 
 Not yet. 
 
 
 
 ♪♪ 
 I'm sorry you're sad about the dance. 
 Would you just leave me alone? 
 Sometimes, when I'm sad, Brownie cheers me up. 
 You want to hold him? 
 Just go away! 
 (sniffling) 
 Here you go, Opal. Why don't you take him inside and clean him up, okay? 
 Hattie Ferguson, that was very rude. 
 She wouldn't leave me alone. 
 She was just trying to be nice. 
 I hate her. 
 You don't mean that. 
 Yes, I do. I hate everyone here. 
 You don't hate anyone, and you will stay after school and wash the chalkboards. 
 This is part of the broken cable that cut your foot. Look at the edge. 
 That didn't break because of wear and tear. It was cut. 
 So you're saying this wasn't an accident? 
 And I also took a look at the axle that was broken on your delivery wagon. 
 There were scratch marks by the pinion head, like someone had taken a tool to loosen the crown wheel. 
 You don't think that was an accident either? 
 One suspicious incident I'd say is hard luck, but two? 
 No, sir, something's not right here. 
 Sabotage. 
 Great. 
 I'm done with the chalkboard. Can I go now? 
 Not yet. I would like to talk to you. 
 (sighs) 
 Now, I know how hard it can be, starting at a new school, but I think it would be a lot easier if you tried to make some friends. 
 I don't want to make any friends. I want to go back to Hamilton. 
 Hattie... I felt just as you do when I first got here. 
 I didn't have any friends. 
 But then I learned that the people here are kind, and generous, and caring. 
 You just need to give them a chance. 
 And before you know it, home will be right here, in Hope Valley. 
 No, it won't. Hamilton is my home, and Janie is my best friend. 
 I have an idea. 
 What if you wrote to Janie and invited her to come visit? 
 Then you could show her your new school, and introduce her to everyone. 
 Wouldn't that be nice? 
 No. 
 It won't. 
 Because she'd hate it just as much as I hate it. 
 Hattie... 
 Oh! Penny for your thoughts? 
 Sorry, I guess I am a little distracted. 
 Now, Elizabeth. I know as a schoolteacher, you have a lot of things on your mind, but well, that frown is only going to add to the lines on your face, and I'm sure you don't want any more of those than you already have. 
 It's Kindness Week, remember? 
 Kindness doesn't mean that a person shouldn't be honest, and I'm here for you if you need any advice. 
 Actually, I really could use some. 
 (gasps in delight) I'm listening. 
 I have this new student at school, and she's having a very hard time adjusting to living here. 
 I've tried everything, but I just can't seem to get through to her or help her make any friends. 
 Hmm. Well, if you ask me... And you did... 
 It's all about having her get to know the other children. 
 Finding out what they have in common. 
 Once you really know someone, it makes it so much easier to make a real connection. 
 That makes a lot of sense. 
 Well, of course it does. 
 Look at you and me, for example. Once I got to know you, well, I realized, underneath your crusty exterior, there really was a spark of personality. 
 That makes me feel so much better. 
 You see? It works! 
 (scoffs in amazement) 
 I'm just so glad his fever's gone. 
 He should be fine, but if he does run a temperature again, you'll have to have Mrs. Stanton wire for a doctor. 
 Won't you be here? 
 No. 
 I'll be on my way back home to Union City tomorrow. 
 You're an angel of mercy, Miss Carter. 
 That's true. 
 We're going to miss you. 
 I'll miss you all as well. 
 Well, we should go. 
 Edith, are you all right? 
 You still seem like you're worried. 
 We found out Mr. Gowen is raising the rent on our land. 
 He says he'll evict us if we don't pay. 
 How much time has he given you to come up with the extra rent? 
 That's just it. He wants it by Monday. 
 Well, that's no time at all. 
 I honestly don't know what we're going to do. 
 We don't have anywhere to go, and there's no time to make arrangements. 
 I know Henry Gowen personally. 
 Let me talk to him. 
 You sure you used enough soap there, Cody? 
 He was pretty dirty. Has he been chasing squirrels? 
 The only thing Rip chases these days is his food bowl. 
 Why don't you take him outside and rinse him off? 
 I'll be sure to tell Miss Thatcher that you've been very kind to Rip. 
 Peter... what can I do for you? 
 I know how much Faith respects you, so I wanted to talk to you. 
 Of course. Please, have a seat. 
 Now, what's on your mind? 
 She's always been a spirited woman, but I'm afraid lately she's been overly... unreasonable. 
 Unreasonable? How so? 
 I've indulged her desire to work as long as I could. 
 But now it's time for us to get married and start a family. 
 And you want me to tell her I think that's a good idea? 
 From what I can tell, she respects your opinion, and sometimes, women need to be told what to do. 
 (chuckles) 
 Actually, I think that if Faith wants to continue being a nurse, she should have that choice. 
 She's chosen to marry me. 
 I don't see why she can't do both. 
 It just isn't possible. 
 But I can see we don't see eye to eye on this, so... 
 I won't waste any more of your time. 
 Peter... 
 Are you sure Faith is going to be happy giving up what she loves to do? 
 I'm not sure she knows what will make her happy. 
 And you do? 
 Of course I do. 
 (squealing and playing) 
 ♪♪ 
 Are you sure you don't want to play? 
 (sighs heavily) 
 You know, you probably have more in common with your classmates than you think. 
 Take Cody, for instance. He's new, too, and he didn't have any friends when he got here either. 
 His best friend was his sister, Becky. 
 What happened to her? 
 Oh. She got sick, so she's in Union City, getting better now. 
 But he misses her very much, just like you miss your friend. 
 It's not the same. 
 No. 
 He wouldn't take the place of your friend, Janie, and he didn't grow up in a big fancy house in Hamilton, but he could really use someone to look up to, someone to be his big sister. 
 It took him a while to make friends, Hattie, but he did, and if you try, and you're kind, you will, too. 
 Look, I don't want to jump to conclusions, fellas, but... 
 Jack and Bill have been looking into the little accidents we've been having around here lately, and they think that they might be sabotage. 
 Sabotage? 
 How about you, Wade, you've worked at a bunch of mills, you ever see anything like this before? 
 There hasn't been a shop I've worked where men didn't get hurt. 
 Comes with the territory. 
 But it's pretty coincidental the way all the wagons broke down at once, and the saw as well. 
 Yeah, Mike's got a point. 
 Just to be safe, I'd double security. 
 Good idea. 
 (waltz plays) 
 ♪♪ 
 Now, as the music begins, the gentlemen will cross the floor and ask for a lady's hand. 
 ♪♪ 
 Do I need to speak louder? 
 You may need to demonstrate. 
 Oh, good idea. I'll need a volunteer. 
 Here's one. 
 ♪♪ 
 "May I have..." 
 May I have this dance? 
 No. 
 Excuse me? Did you just say "No?" 
 I don't want to dance. Not with him, not with anyone. 
 (turns off music) 
 Cody, I would love it if you would save the first dance for me on Saturday. 
 Hattie, that isn't the way we behave at a dance, or anywhere else for that matter. 
 Just leave me alone. 
 Listen to me... 
 (quietly) If you keep treating people badly, no one is going to want to be your friend. 
 Good. Because I don't want any. 
 Mr. Gowen? 
 We need to speak with you. 
 Judging by your tone, I'm thinking I'm not going to enjoy this conversation. 
 Probably not. 
 You can't raise the rent on your settlement tenants on such short notice. 
 Actually, I can. 
 They're not on leases, they're on handshake deals. 
 Are you that heartless that you would force those poor people out? 
 Well, "Heart" doesn't come into business decisions, Mrs. Stanton. 
 If those people can't afford their rent, then they've got to make way for those who can, otherwise, I will evict them. 
 No, you won't. 
 Eviction is a legal process. 
 Now, you may be the mayor of Hope Valley, but you're not the law. 
 I am. 
 You show me a valid court order, and I'll enforce it. 
 (chuckles grimly) 
 I know Hattie's been unhappy since we moved here, but I didn't know there were problems with the other children at school. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I think they'll be all right. 
 It's really Hattie I'm worried about. 
 She doesn't seem to want to make any friends. 
 I know the move was hard on her. 
 She talks a lot about how much she misses the beautiful house you had, and all the fancy parties, and dances. 
 Did Hattie tell you we're rich? 
 Not in so many words. 
 It's true we lived in a beautiful home, but it wasn't ours. 
 It wasn't? 
 I worked for a judge's family. I was governess to their daughter, Janie. 
 Hattie's best friend. 
 Those girls were like two peas in a pod. 
 But when my services were no longer needed, we had to leave. 
 I was thinking it might make Hattie feel better if Janie could come for a visit. 
 Miss Thatcher... 
 Hattie hasn't told you. 
 Told me what? 
 Janie died. 
 (laughing) 
 I had no idea you could cook. 
 Well, I am a man of many talents. 
 A toast... to a beautiful lady on her special day. 
 I am at a disadvantage. 
 How's that? 
 You have ways of getting information that I don't. 
 What kind of information are you interesting in obtaining? 
 First of all, I'd like to know why someone as independent as you would ever become a Mountie in the first place. 
 There are a lot of bad people who prey on good people, and not enough lawmen to catch them. 
 Then why did you leave? 
 I learned that you can't always solve a problem by taking a straight path. 
 So... is that enough information for you? 
 For now. 
 Good. 
 If you'll excuse me, I have a couple of steaks that need seasoning. 
 I've never had a man cook for me before. 
 Well, there's a first time for a lot of things. 
 I feel so bad for Hattie, pretending she doesn't need anyone to cover up how much she's hurting inside. 
 You know, sometimes, I think you have the patience of a saint. 
 Children are like puzzles. 
 Sometimes, you have to work really hard to put the pieces together. 
 But it's always worth it... Especially for someone like Hattie. 
 The challenge now is getting her past the pain, so she can open up again. 
 I believe that you are going to make a terrific mom one day. 
 Because I like puzzles? 
 Yeah. 
 But most importantly, because you make great shepherd's pie. 
 (laughing) 
 Okay. 
 So... 
 So? 
 Isn't this where you're supposed to tell me I'm going to make a great dad one day? 
 I don't know if that's true. 
 You don't? 
 I've never tried your shepherd's pie. 
 (laughing) 
 Tell me something, Bill. 
 It sounds like a lot of chapters in your life are coming to an end. 
 Meaning? 
 Well, the Mounties, and Nora... 
 What about Abigail? 
 We're business partners. 
 I know, but you said so yourself, you're a man who doesn't like to take a straight path to get what he wants, which, some might say, makes you a bit dangerous. 
 Unpredictable, maybe, but not dangerous. 
 Even when it comes to matters of the heart? 
 You decide. 
 ♪♪ 
 Why aren't the boys here? Are we in trouble? 
 No, you're not in trouble, and the boys aren't here because this is a special meeting just for the girls. 
 So I asked your parents to bring you here because I wanted to talk to you in private, about Hattie. 
 She hates us. 
 Actually, I think she's jealous of you. 
 You all have each other. You've made friends here. 
 But Hattie is new, and she doesn't have anyone. 
 That's because she's mean. 
 I know this may be hard for you to understand, but Hattie lost a friend she was very close to, and now she's not sure she can trust anyone to be her friend anymore. 
 Who here has lost something close to them? 
 I had a dog that ran away. 
 I cried for a long time. 
 I thought I lost Brownie once. It made me really sad. 
 If you can just remember that feeling, then you know what Hattie must be feeling now. 
 Maybe there's a way to make her feel better. 
 I was hoping you'd say that... 
 Peter's not backing down. He says I have to go back to Union City with him, or our engagement's off. 
 How do you feel about that? 
 I mean, I love Peter, of course, but I don't think he's being fair. 
 Peter wants what he wants. 
 What if it's not what I want? 
 Wouldn't you rather know that now than find out later? 
 I guess we should have talked these things over before we got engaged. 
 Well, it's better late than never. 
 But I made a promise to him, Jack, and a promise is a promise. 
 Not if that promise is going to make you unhappy for the rest of your life. 
 I thought love was supposed to conquer all. 
 It does. 
 If it's really love. 
 Why are we here? 
 It's a surprise. 
 I don't like surprises. 
 All right. 
 Some of the girls from school have gotten together to make a little welcome party for you. 
 They're waiting for you in the parlor. 
 I'm not going. 
 Hattie, please? They're trying so hard, and they just want to be your friend. 
 I have Janie. She's the only friend I need. 
 Hattie... 
 Please sit down. 
 Hattie, I talked to your mother, and I know about what happened to Janie. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Janie's my best friend. 
 She'll always be my best friend. 
 I know. 
 And you'll never forget how special she was. 
 But that doesn't mean you shouldn't have other friends. 
 But what if something were to happen to them? 
 Oh, honey, you can't be afraid to open your heart up again. 
 I know it hurts, and it's going hurt for a very long time. 
 But Janie would want you to make new friends. 
 She wouldn't want you to be sad. 
 That's not what being a best friend is all about. 
 I miss her so much. 
 I know you do. 
 But you're going to have to let go of her, just a little bit. 
 It's too late. 
 I've been so mean, nobody will ever want to be my friend. 
 Hattie, we treat people with kindness here, remember? 
 And we believe in second chances. 
 Even for someone like me? 
 Especially for someone like you. 
 Now, are you ready to go see the other girls? 
 Surprise! 
 So, one of my men thought he smelled smoke, and that's when he saw the revolving steam feeder on fire. 
 Too many accidents for them all to be accidents. 
 I think someone's trying to put you out of business, Lee. 
 So, arson, huh? 
 Seems like it to me. 
 Should I be filing a police report, then? 
 We don't even have a suspect yet. Once we open an official investigation, we risk tipping off the inside man. 
 Now, I don't know about you, but I want to catch him first, so let's keep this quiet. 
 All right. 
 It'll be good to get home. 
 Peter... I'm not going with you. 
 You're... not going? 
 Not right now, at least. They need me here. I can't leave. 
 You don't know what you're saying. 
 Actually, I do. 
 If you don't get on this coach, our engagement is over. 
 If that's the way you feel, then that's your decision, not mine. 
 You'll regret this. 
 Maybe. 
 But I have to find out for myself. 
 ♪♪ 
 (knock on door) 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 Wow. You look beautiful. 
 You don't look so bad yourself. 
 You ready to go? 
 Yeah, I'm just waiting for Cody. 
 Thank you. 
 (footsteps descending) 
 Ah. 
 Oh, well, don't you look handsome. 
 This suit is kinda itchy. 
 Oh, you won't even notice once you're out there on the dance floor. 
 Who tied your tie? 
 Me. 
 Well, you did a pretty good job with it. Let me just, uh... fix it up a little bit for you. 
 Good. 
 (gasps) 
 Well, I didn't think it was possible, but now you're even more handsome. 
 (giggles) 
 Well, shall we? 
 Yes. Let's go. 
 Hi. You look beautiful. 
 Thank you. 
 Miss LeVeaux? 
 Hello? (gasps) 
 Don't you look pretty in your lovely dress. 
 Since it's Kindness Week, I made you something special. 
 You did? 
 It's a necklace. 
 I made it out of macaroni. 
 That's... very unique. 
 I will treasure it. 
 Aren't you going to put it on? 
 Of course she is. 
 Well, I'll be the belle of the ball. 
 (chuckling)) I think it's very sweet. And the children may not show it, but I think they're really excited about tonight. 
 Oh, I hope so. 
 I know so, that's why I'm telling you. 
 Your act of kindness? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Rosemary, we may not always have been the best of friends, but I think that what you're doing for the children is really amazing. 
 That's... so sweet of you, really. 
 (chuckles awkwardly) I don't know what to say. 
 You don't have to say anything. 
 Perhaps I could return the compliment with a macaroni necklace? 
 Oh, no, that's much too generous. 
 Oh, girls, don't you look exquisites. 
 I lent Anna one of my party dresses for Kindness Week. 
 That's wonderful. 
 Bye. 
 Bye! 
 Elizabeth Thatcher, I don't know how you did it, but... you worked a miracle with that little girl. 
 She did the hard work herself. 
 What happened? 
 She opened her heart. 
 Well, I think we should all get started. 
 (waltz music plays) 
 ♪♪ 
 May I have this dance? 
 I would be delighted. 
 (chuckles fondly) 
 I was hoping you would save the first dance for me. 
 You want to dance with me? 
 If that's okay with Miss Thatcher. 
 It's more than okay. 
 (sighs happily) 
 Well, it looks like you've been stood up. 
 Hmm. 
 I have. 
 I know they're big shoes to fill... but may I? 
 Of course. 
 ♪♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 