Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Perils of the Soloists - When Calls the Heart 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Perils of the Soloists https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=281&t=17984 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/02/14 20:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Perils of the Soloists 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on When calls the heart... 
 Whay if I re-open the cafe It would be a great new start for me. 
 I want your row house. 
 That's my home. 
 My daddy comes home tomorrow. 
 Only miner pulled out alive after the disaster Is coming home from the hospital tomorrow, A new business is thriving. 
 This town is growing fast. 
 All right, children, bring your signs. 
 The stagecoach will be here any minute. 
 What? 
 Nothing. 
 Looks like you've been busy. 
 The children are beyond excited to welcome home mr. Miller. 
 Five months in the hospital is a long time. 
 I'm sure it will be a bittersweet day for everyone. 
 Yes, hopefully more sweet than bitter. 
 Hi! 
 You must be very excited. 
 He's the top miner in town, did you know that? 
 He once dug two miles through the mountain Yes, I believe you've mentioned it a time or two. 
 You look silly. 
 What do you mean, sweetie? 
 I have paint on my nose, Don't I? 
 How long were you going to let me go on like that? 
 I don't know, All day? 
 I'm so nervous to see him. 
 He wouldn't let me visit him in the hospital. 
 Said we couldn't afford it. 
 Yeah, well, he's a proud man. 
 All the men in this town are. 
 Look, here he comes! 
 All right, children, hold up your signs. 
 What's wrong with daddy's leg? 
 Hush now, morgan rose. 
 Princess? 
 Sweetheart. 
 Laurel... 
 I didn't know how to tell you. 
 I love you. 
 I'm glad you're back. 
 Welcome home, Adam. 
 Thank you, mrs. Montgomery. 
 Let me. 
 No, no, no. 
 I can still do for myself. 
 Welcome home, Adam. 
 Welcome home, Adam. 
 Welcome back, mr. Miller. 
 Welcome back, Adam. 
 Laurel didn't know, did she? 
 I don't think so. 
 That must have been quite a surprise for mrs. Miller And those poor girls. 
 They're a strong family of faith. 
 They'll get through this. 
 It's almost barbaric that in this day and age A hospital would issue a peg-leg When they have prosthetics available. 
 We're people of modest means. 
 I'm sure that that's all Adam could afford. 
 Well, if nothing else, The f.D. Play will lift everyone's spirits. 
 What is the f-d play? 
 Founder's day play? 
 Don't tell me you haven't begun the rehearsals? 
 Mrs. Ramsey, I have no idea what you're referring to. 
 My goodness, no one's told her. 
 Is that possible? 
 Every year, the children Put on a play. 
 It's in celebration Of the history of coal valley. 
 That's lovely, But given the fact that I was unaware, Perhaps we might postpone it a week or two- 
 And celebrate on some date besides the actual anniversary? 
 It's almost a sacrilege. 
 The mayor won't hear of it. 
 The mayor's your husband. 
 Mrs. Appleton always did such an amazing job. 
 Everyone looks forward to hearing The mayor's eloquent speech As he guides us towards a new year Filled with... 
 Filled with, dear? 
 Never mind, Silas. 
 I will get you a copy of the play So you can begin rehearsals immediately. 
 Okay. 
 Cat... 
 How am I going to pull all this together in a week? 
 Abigail and I are moving out of the row houses And I promised her I'd help get the cafe ready for business, And I still have lessons to prepare- 
 Okay, don't worry. 
 The mothers are going to pitch in. 
 To drop by the costumes and the backdrop, And I should probably go home And find the sheet music. 
 There's music, too? 
 Yeah. 
 Don't panic. 
 You crossed a prairie, for heaven's sake. 
 How difficult could it be to produce a play? 
 Talking to yourself. 
 That's not a good sign. 
 You were eavesdropping. 
 When one is talking to one's self I have to put on a founder's day play in a week. 
 A play that has been performed every year. 
 A play that apparently has costumes and music... 
 Okay, Elizabeth, Come here, come here. 
 Sit down. 
 Sit. 
 Now, take a deep breath in through your nose And out through your mouth. 
 There. 
 Now, don't you feel better? 
 I do. 
 An entire production? 
 Were you talking to yourself again? 
 I'm beginning to worry about your mental health. 
 It's this play. 
 I hardly slept a wink last night. 
 I've never directed a play before. 
 Well, didn't they go through that In that big city university you attended? 
 I didn't go to drama school, Jack. 
 I went to teacher college. 
 "no great dramatist exists without a touch of madness." 
 Aristotle. 
 Well, aren't you just full of surprises. 
 Yes. 
 Have I thanked you yet for helping us move? 
 About a hundred times. 
 Thank you. 
 And the rains made it difficult to cross..." 
 No! 
 Elizabeth, are you okay? 
 How could I have been so careless? 
 It was an accident. 
 No, no, this was my fault. 
 I wasn't looking where I was going. 
 It's okay. 
 Abigail, please, let me. 
 No, I-I've got it. 
 Of course, I will reimburse you for the vase. 
 This has been held together by glue for years. 
 I mean, peter broke it three or four times. 
 I always told him not to play ball in the house. 
 Abigail, I'm so sorry. 
 It's not the vase. 
 We built a life here together, the three of us. 
 I can only imagine how difficult this is for you. 
 I think I would like to take this vase with me, too. 
 Of course. 
 I'll go get the glue. 
 Elizabeth. 
 I'm... 
 Really happy I'm not in this alone. 
 Me, too, Abigail. 
 We're both embarking on a new adventure. d come and sit by my side d if you love me d do not hasten d to bid me adieu d but remember the red river valley d d and the cowboy who loved you so true d d and the cowboy who loved you so true d Play it again, pa. 
 No... 
 Your daddy's tired, And tomorrow's a school day. 
 You two go get ready for bed, I'll be up shortly to tuck you in. 
 Goodnight, pa. I love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 They made me sing that to them A hundred times while you were gone. 
 They are daddy's girls. 
 I missed them. 
 I missed you, too. 
 I know I'm never going to be the man I was. 
 You're the best man I have ever known And nothing will ever change that. 
 That is just wishful thinking. 
 I know better. 
 I'm not going to fit in. 
 There's no place for a man in my position. 
 What do I have to offer? 
 Love and guidance for those girls, And for me, there will never be another man. 
 I'm not what I was. 
 I loved you then, and I love you now And nothing will ever change that. 
 This is going to take some getting used to. 
 It'll feel like home in no time. 
 I'm sure you're right. 
 It's like you said when we first started packing, 
 "love travels with you..." 
 "wherever you go." 
 "wherever you go." 
 Children... 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 Today, we are going to cancel our math lesson. 
 In fact, we are going to cancel all of our lessons. 
 We're going to start rehearsing for our founder's day play, Which we will perform this Saturday. 
 Now, how many of you know the song? 
 Saturday? 
 In a week? 
 Last year, mrs. Appleton had us practicing for a month. 
 Well, I'm not mrs. Appleton, And you all have performed this play before, So I'm- I'm not worried at all. 
 And he graduated school months ago. 
 Yes, well, we'll just have to get started And try our best. 
 Now, I'm going to need everyone to help me. 
 Maybe some of the older students could help me with the... 
 Jolene, morgan rose! 
 I thought you two were going to stay at home today And spend the day with your father. 
 We changed our minds. 
 Pa said he needs to take care of some business. 
 My daddy only has one leg now. 
 Well, what matters is that he's home now, right? 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 I found the sheet music! 
 In my attic. 
 Cat, that's wonderful. One item off my list. 
 There ain't no way We can learn this play in one week. 
 Now, children, If I may, Elizabeth? 
 Miss Thatcher is going to need all of your help And your concentration for this. 
 It's a very important play to all of us, Especially after the year that we've had. 
 The good news is that I found the costumes. 
 Did you store these at the church? 
 That would be the bad news. 
 My goodness, they're all singed! 
 This is horrible. 
 Well, it is a play about a coal mine. 
 We could make this into one of the miners' costumes. 
 It's already blackened. 
 And what about the backdrop? 
 Or is it best not to ask about that? 
 Church fire, too? 
 More of the bad news. 
 How are we supposed to have a play Without a backdrop? 
 Noah stanton painted the last one. 
 I don't know anyone else Who has that skill Left in coal valley. 
 Boys and girls, If there's one thing I've learned About the people of coal valley, It's that they don't quit, Even when everything is against them, So we are not going to quit. 
 Now, I don't know exactly how, But this Saturday, We are going to do founder's day proud. 
 I know you're a busy man, mr. Gowen, So I'll get right to the point. 
 Of course, what can I do for you, mr. Miller. 
 I appreciate the company's generosity with my family While I was recovering. 
 Well, it's the least that we could do. 
 Please, sit. 
 Thank you. 
 I was... 
 Unaware of the extent of your injuries, But you're a fighter And the company does appreciate your sacrifice. 
 Yes, sir. 
 The thing is, I need work. 
 I don't understand. 
 I'm not askin' to go back in the mine, sir. 
 I know I can't do that. 
 That there might be somethin' else I mean, maybe I could work behind a desk? 
 Or... 
 Or help the superintendent out in some way. 
 I don't know if we- 
 Look, I'll do anything. 
 Sir. 
 Anything. 
 I need to provide for my family. 
 I will speak with mr. Ansvil And I'll see what I can do. 
 Great. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Pleasure. 
 Have you sewn yourself to the back of the chair yet? 
 No! 
 But apparently, I won't be wearing this For the rest of the day. 
 Look what I have... 
 Compliments of the mayor and Dottie ramsey. 
 Enough fabric to make new costumes. 
 My goodness! That's so generous. 
 Yes. 
 However, there is a small price. 
 The star of the play will now be their son. 
 Well, I suppose we can afford that. 
 And Dottie will also be the master of ceremonies. 
 She will? 
 Yes. 
 It's a coal valley tradition. 
 Hi, Elizabeth. 
 Jack. 
 I brought you some saloon cornbread. 
 Although it doesn't hold a candle It's all we have until she officially opens. ow! 
 The needle attack you? 
 Wouldn't be the first time today. 
 So your cooking is only rivaled by your sewing. 
 I suppose you could do better? 
 May I? 
 I think a whipstitch will do here. 
 Where did you learn that? 
 I've sewn before. 
 Where? 
 Close to the bone. 
 What? 
 My goodness. What happened? 
 It was nothing. 
 Although the bear is still talking about it. 
 Welcome back, Adam. 
 Thank you, liam. 
 Mr. Gowen's got me so busy I've really fallen behind on the load reconciliation. 
 I'm really grateful to have you helping me out here. 
 Thank you, mr. Ansvil. 
 It's still herbert, Adam. 
 You need to enter the weights here At the end of the day. 
 And that's how we know how much to pay them. 
 I always remember you being At the top of this list. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah, I'm fine. 
 No problem. 
 Well, I'll get on this Right away. 
 Well, it's good to be back, Mr. Ansvil. 
 Herbert, Adam. Herbert. 
 Herbert. 
 I picked these flowers for pa. 
 That's very thoughtful of you, sweetheart. 
 I'll put them in a vase. 
 Now, why don't you tell your pa that supper's almost ready. 
 
 
 
 Princess... 
 What's wrong? 
 What happened? 
 I don't know, I was dreaming. 
 I guess I... 
 Are you okay? 
 It's okay. 
 He didn't mean to. 
 I'm okay. 
 I'm all right... 
 My lord. 
 This wasn't here yesterday. 
 Where on earth...? 
 Thank you for helping with this. 
 It is mostly selfish on my part. 
 The sooner you open, The sooner I get to eat here. 
 And the sooner I can start cooking For hordes of hungry miners. 
 You seem like a natural with a paintbrush. 
 Well, I like painting. 
 Walls. 
 Perhaps you might consider Painting a... 
 Mural on one. 
 Mural? 
 Yes, a nice view of coal valley? 
 Perhaps some beautiful mountains. 
 Now, where would you get an idea like that? 
 Noah painted the old founder's day mural. 
 You know, it takes a special kind of person To see things from an artist's perspective. 
 I wouldn't know. 
 Wouldn't you? 
 No. I'm just a simple wall painter, ma'am. 
 Don't worry. I won't tell Elizabeth. 
 You're home. 
 How was the mine today? 
 The same. 
 Well... 
 I have a surprise for you. 
 Open it, daddy! 
 See what it is. 
 I sent away for it. 
 It came on the stage today. 
 Isn't it wonderful? 
 You'll be able to do many things Like you used to, And not be limited by that peg The hospital gave you. 
 Don't you like it, pa? 
 Where'd you get the money for this? 
 I... 
 Used some of our savings for part of it And Abigail stanton helped me Take up a collection for the rest. 
 You passed the hat on my behalf? 
 Everyone was happy to pitch in. 
 This town loves you, Adam. 
 Adam, you're scaring the girls. 
 Ain't it enough that I'm a cripple? 
 You gotta turn me into a charity case, too? 
 I just wanted to help. 
 How? 
 By giving me this useless scrap of wood? 
 We have to accept the hand the lord has dealt us And do our best with it. 
 Things could have been far worse. 
 I can't even hold down a job, Let alone do anything else. 
 What do you mean you can't hold down a job? 
 I can't work at that mine any longer. 
 I... I can't handle it. 
 I quit. 
 When? 
 This morning. 
 And... 
 What have you been doing all day? 
 Walking around. 
 If that's what you can call it. 
 And when were you planning on telling me? 
 Or were you just gonna lie, Like you did about your condition All those months? 
 I never lied to you. 
 You lied every day you laid in that hospital bed And you didn't tell me! 
 I'm a half a man, laurel! 
 That's something you'll never understand! 
 And if you're just gonna give up, Why did you come home at all? 
 Adam... 
 I'm sorry. 
 Okay, cassandra, we're going to try this again. 
 Let's take it from the top. 
 For some of us, the rains stopped... 
 And then the crops dried up. 
 Okay, now we change the placard, And now it's Jolene. 
 For those of us Who were struggling to meet our end... 
 "to make ends meet." 
 For those who were making ends meet... 
 Who were struggling to make ends meet." 
 Jolene! 
 Just... Just... 
 Keep rehearsing your lines. 
 I'll be right back. 
 We're all tired, Jolene. 
 And everyone forgets a line once in a while- 
 I know the lines. 
 I'm just not sure I believe them anymore. 
 Look what happened to all the fathers Who came here to work in the mine. 
 Look what happened to my pa. 
 I know how hard this must be for you, Having him back After he was gone for such a long time. 
 My daddy never came back, miss Thatcher. 
 Not the pa I knew. 
 Jolene... 
 Just because he may not look the same- 
 I'm not talking... 
 About his leg. 
 He's changed. He's not the same person, And I don't know why. 
 I know it's hard to believe, But even our mamas and our daddies Have struggles sometimes. 
 I just want everything to be like it was before. 
 All you can do is love him. 
 You can't be responsible for how he acts, All right? 
 Come here. 
 It's okay. 
 It's all right. 
 You're all right. 
 Jack. 
 Where did that come from? 
 Your guess is as good as mine. 
 Laurel, what's wrong? 
 Constable, it's Adam. 
 I need your help. 
 We had an argument last night, And he wasn't in the house When we woke up this morning. 
 I just thought he needed some time to think. 
 But he hasn't come home all day, and I... 
 I found a note. 
 I must have missed it. 
 You and the girls are better off without me." 
 We had words, Terrible words, And I didn't mean what I said, I swear it. 
 It's just, I'm afraid he's gonna do something awful. 
 Don't worry. 
 I will find him. 
 Jack! 
 Please be careful. 
 I'm glad to see you be so concerned for your constable. 
 I'm concerned for my constable, For the man who wears the constable's uniform. 
 Whoa. 
 Mr. Miller? 
 You're gonna have to shoot me if you want to take me back. 
 Come on, mr. Miller. 
 You know I didn't come here to shoot anybody. 
 No, just to stick your nose in my family's business. 
 They are worried sick about you. 
 It is my choice if I want to leave town or not, constable. 
 Is there a law against that? 
 No argument from me. 
 Your wife might see it differently. 
 You think a man is free to desert his family? 
 They don't want me. 
 Never came back from that hospital. 
 Mr. Miller, there is more to a man Than flesh and bone. 
 You still have purpose. 
 And the almighty can bless the work of your hands. 
 All right, don't you play with me. 
 I know who I am. 
 I got nothing to offer. 
 So, what's the plan? 
 Are you going to waste away out here Until you die? 
 Here's the plan, Just leave me alone. 
 What do you think you're doing. 
 I'll head back at first light. 
 Yeah, you suit yourself, constable, But you'll be traveling back tomorrow by yourself. 
 That's your choice, mr. Miller. 
 You're damn right it is! 
 Everything okay? 
 I can't sleep. 
 I'm scared. 
 Daddy's gone, And he's never coming back. 
 No, that's not true. 
 He just... 
 He needs some time To get used to things being different. 
 When he was gone before In the hospital, I knew he was coming home. 
 Now I'm not sure. 
 Well, we are just going to have to pray for the strength To hold on until he does. 
 I'm cooking up some fish If you're hungry. 
 And come and get warm. 
 There's no point freezing When I got a fire going. 
 You know, when I was growing up, I thought my father hung the moon. 
 I know your girls feel the same way About you. 
 They used to. 
 Everything's changed. 
 And I cannot imagine what you've been through, I have an idea of what your girls are feeling. 
 See, my father, He was a mountie, And when I was a boy, All I wanted to do was be like my pa. 
 I used to walk around the house all day, Wearing his hat, pretending I was him. 
 But mounties aren't around very much. 
 They're gone for months at a time. 
 And that's hard, too. 
 It was hard on my mom. 
 Having a father who's away providing for his family Is different than a father who's a burden. 
 And then he got hurt. 
 So he came home. 
 Doctor said he had trauma to the skull. 
 Yeah. 
 I never left his side. 
 He promised me that he'd get stronger And he'd teach me to be a man like him. 
 Then one day, he was gone. 
 Well, we all... 
 Lose the life and the people we love. 
 I was bitter like you. 
 I blamed god, I even blamed my father for leaving me. 
 But time went by, And I made my peace with it. 
 You think I want to be out here? 
 You think I want to be away from my family? 
 This is what I have to do. 
 Really? 
 The thing is, my father didn't have a choice. 
 You do. 
 I know you're scared. 
 But you're the same man Who woke up every morning and went into that mine. 
 You put your life on the line Every day for your family. 
 In my book, that's as brave as it comes. 
 But now you've got to find a way out of that mine, Back into life. 
 I've got to believe that you were spared for a reason. 
 I've got to believe that you were given a second chance Because there's more for you to do. 
 Like watching those girls grow up. 
 I'm gonna head back to town at dawn, And I hope you join me. 
 But it's your choice. 
 Welcome, everyone, To our founder's day celebration. 
 The mayor and I, Along with our son, bradley, Are so pleased You all have come to the show. 
 And now for the moment you've all been waiting for, I'd like to introduce our current mayor, And my husband, Silas ramsey, Who will inaugurate this evening's performance. 
 Reminding us of our past brings us hope for the future. 
 And now, miss Thatcher And the players of the coal valley school Bring you "founder's day." 
 Before coal valley, For some of us, the rains stopped. 
 And then the crops dried up... 
 Jolene, are you ready? 
 I think so. 
 Okay. 
 Factories like the candle company Closed their doors And we needed to find a new place to live. okay, Jolene. Come on. from this valley they say you are going... we will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile... you are taking the sunshine... that has brightened our path for... 
 Daddy? as you go to your home by the ocean... may you never forget those sweet hours... that we spent in the red river valley... 
 Noah, I wish you were here to see this. 
 Hey, I never noticed that before. 
 What is that? 
 I think the bigger question is, 
 "who is that?" 
 May I borrow your magnifying glass, Miss Thatcher? 
 Certainly. 
 James, come get a load of this. 
 There. 
 Well, I'll be. 
 What's so funny, you three? 
 Come see for yourself, miss Thatcher. 
 Thank you. 
 Where? 
 There. 
 My goodness. 
 Why would we know anything about this, miss Thatcher? 
 We weren't the ones who painted the backdrop. 
 It does look a lot like you and mountie Jack, though. 
 No, it doesn't, James. 
 It doesn't at all, And I'll ask that you three Forget all about this incident. 
 Lips are sealed, miss Thatcher. 
 I knew it. 
 Jack, are you aware That someone painted A tiny likeness of the two of us On the founder's day backdrop? 
 Yes, and it's hidden there like a little stick of dynamite And some of my students just lit the fuse. 
 What are we doing in the painting? 
 I... 
 I can't really say. 
 W...we're... 
 We're kissing. 
 We're kissing? 
 Well, that is Completely inappropriate. 
 Pure fiction. 
 Yes, fiction. 
 Who would paint such a thing? 
 You know, I think I should launch an investigation, Interrogate some of your students Until we get to the bottom of this. 
 All right, But on second thought, Both of our reputations are on the line here. 
 That is a good point. 
 But I promise, I will get to the bottom of this, Don't you worry. 
 I'm glad you're on the case. 
 I'm going to go. have a good day. 
 Our little secret, boy. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 