Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x01 - Trials of the Heart - When Calls the Heart 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x01 - Trials of the Heart https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=281&t=17989 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/15 02:09 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x01 - Trials of the Heart 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  When Calls the Heart... 
 Abigail :  There was a terrible explosion in the mine. 
 You murdered half the men in this town. 
 I'm Bill Avery. I'm a forensic investigator. 
 I'm here to build a case against the mining company. Gowen :  All you're gonna do is further hurt Abigail Stanton. Abigail :  He's married. With a child. Elizabeth :  It was the most enchanting evening of my entire life. What will the next chapter bring? Pleasure to meet you, Miss LeVeaux. And what brings you here? My fiance. Rosemary :  You barely know this Elizabeth Thatcher. Jack : I hope, over time, you're gonna see that my heart is true. This is where I belong. [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] [Carriage rumbling past] Hi, Pockets! Hey! It's teacher. Oh, let's go ask her. [Giggling] Good morning, Miss Thatcher! Good morning, children. Are you enjoying your break? Overlapping : Yeah! When do we get to go back to school? Well, we have to build a church first. When's that? Soon. And then we'll have a new school. Great! See you later. All, overlapping : Bye! [Kids laughing and chatting] [♪♪♪] Ready for your riding lesson? Of course. Why shouldn't I be? Well, it's just that you... you seem a little queasy. I meant happy. [Chuckles] Must be because of that kiss. Oh. Did we kiss? Gosh, I don't remember. Well, I'd be happy to refresh your memory. Um, maybe we should start my lesson now. Sure, but can I just say... That was the best kiss I've ever had. All right, how many women have you kissed? Not too many. Five maybe? Did I say five? I meant... Two. You and my mother. You expect me to believe that? All right, well, how exactly am I supposed to get up... [Gasps] All right. Now, how do I get him to move? Just tap your heels gently against his sides. Whoa! No, no. I'm so sorry. When I said "whoa," I didn't mean to stop, I was just surprised. Elizabeth, he's smart, but you really can't hold a conversation with him. Try it again. Ahem. Come on. [Relieved sigh] All right, how do I get him to slow down? I said slow down. I didn't say stop. We can go as slow as you like. [♪♪♪] Jack. Jack, look. [♪♪♪] I'm worried, Jack. This trial means everything to Abigail. You think there's even a chance they'll clear Noah Stanton's name? I'm not so sure anymore. I thought it was good news when we lost Jedidiah Black, but the new judge makes the old coot look like a saint. Do you know the new judge? No. Not personally. Best thing we can do is take it one day at a time. [♪♪♪] And then Jack and I saw a couple of executives that the mining company must have sent for the trial. They were talking to Gowen, and the judge was there, too. [Sighs] Oh. I don't know what's going to happen, but I'm glad we're finally going to have our day in court. Well, I am sure that Bill Avery will have evidence strong enough to prove your case. I'm not sure about anything when it comes to Bill Avery. Have you spoken to him yet? After seeing his wedding ring and that picture of his family? I'll be interested to hear how he explains that. You might want to do it before you're sitting next to him at the prosecutor's table. Oh, this is the last thing I needed before the trial. I know. But the good news is, I hear that the attorney prosecuting the case is one of the best. From your lips to God's ears. [♪♪♪] Florence : Well, it's ironic, isn't it? Well, we should be happy we finally have the money for our new church and school, and instead, we're all worried about this trial. Florence, I've always found that the best way to wash away worry is through prayer. Who are you all waiting for? The prosecutor. The stage is late. What do we even know about this Sam Madison? We know he is willing to come out here and fight for us. I dated a Sam Madison once. Or was it Sam Mason? [Rosemary chuckles] Who can remember? Maybe you should keep a list. Well, that is a great idea. I suppose it would start with Jack. Too bad it won't end with him. You never know. Oh, look! Too bad we lost Black. Might've been tough, but at least he was fair. I wish the same could be said for Parker. Good morning, Abigail. Is it? [Horse whinnies] [Door opens] This is first time I've had a welcoming committee. Usually, I'm met by a few guns and a Marshall. Sorry to disappoint you. And you would be? Madison. Samantha Madison. You're the prosecutor? In the flesh. I don't mean to sound surprised, but... I'm a woman. It's fine. I'm used to it. Constable Jack Thornton. Welcome. I'm Bill Avery. I'm the forensic expert on this case, and I must say, I am surprised. I trust you'll recover. I certainly won't. Did you attend law school? I even graduated. Stanford. Class of 1910. Valedictorian. I'm Abigail Stanton. Welcome to Coal Valley. A pleasure, Mrs. Stanton. I read all your correspondence, and I want to assure you, and all the widows here, that, despite the fact I'm wearing a skirt, the case for the mining company is in capable hands. Well, I'd prefer someone else's hands, thank you very much. Duly noted, but, for now, it's in mine, and I'll use a fist, if need be. Where can I find Judge Parker? I believe he just checked into the saloon hotel. Thank you. If you'll excuse me, ladies. Gentlemen. Do you think she stands any chance against that pit bull on Gowen's payroll? Honestly, I think he's gonna make a fool of her, and the rest of us. Glad you could get here on such short notice, Judge. I was quite surprised to hear about Jedidiah Black's sudden departure. You didn't have anything to do with that, now, did you, Mr. Gowen? Man got bit by a rattlesnake. Yes. In his room. An unfortunate situation. [Knocking at door] Judge Parker? That would be me. I'm Samantha Madison. The prosecutor. Oh. Pleasure to meet you. This is Mr. Gowen and Counselor Gentry. Pleasure. Ma'am. Miss Madison, have you ever tried a case before? I've prosecuted a fair share, but this will be my first trial. Hmm. So how can I help you? Well, considering you seem to be fraternizing with the defense... Not fraternizing. Defense requested a pre-trial consultation. That's all. I see. Well, I would like to ask for a continuance under the "Power of Courts Act," Section 173. Well, I have a poker game this evening. And as long as I'm winning, you can have the weekend. A week would be better. As I said... You have 48 hours. Trial starts at 9:00 a.m., sharp. Well, I will be ready. Good day, gentlemen. Good day. [♪♪♪] Does she have much trial experience? How could she? She's a woman. Which means she has to be twice as good to have made it this far in a man's world. Should we try to get someone else? She's a prosecutor, appointed by the state! Let's be realistic. The chances of her winning this trial is slim to none. You gave me a chance without knowing me. Why not give her one? Well, easy for you to say. You didn't lose anybody in that mine. Florence. Elizabeth is on our side. You're right, Florence, I didn't. But you entrusted me with your children, and I hope I'm teaching them to judge people based on who they are inside... Not whether they're wearing pants or a skirt. What you don't seem to understand is that this Madison woman could lose this trial for all of us! She could win it, too! And I plan to. But I won't lie to you, ladies. We have our work cut out for us. Did you speak to Judge Parker? I did, and I convinced him to give us a continuance for 48 hours. I'm surprised... since everyone in town knows he's in Mr. Gowen's pocket. [Sighs] We can't dwell on what we can't change. I couldn't have said that better myself. How can we help? We need to develop a winning strategy, establish a solid fact pattern. What I mean by that is I need you to tell me every little detail leading up to the explosion. Don't leave anything out. I want to know everything you remember, no matter how small. Well, would you like some coffee and pie? [Chuckles] I do my best work over pie. [Others laugh] Oh, please. Join us. [♪♪♪] How'd it go? She likes pie! She's very capable. Well, that's good. Abigail, you might want to take a piece of that pie to the judge. He strikes me as a man who likes dessert. Isn't that a bribe? I'm sure he's seen bigger bribes than pie. Oh, he can't be that bad! He's the nephew of Isaac Parker, the hanging judge. And the apple doesn't fall far from the tree? Well, let's just say I have heard he has a unique interpretation of "justice." Well, maybe a little dessert couldn't hurt. [♪♪♪] So, Bill... how long do you figure to continue this charade? I don't know what you're talking about. Well, I believe you do. And people will find out sooner or later. It's a very small town. Gentlemen. Maybe we should do this another time. What other time is there? Abigail, I wouldn't... Would you care to join us? No, Your Honor. And may I ask what you're doing here? [Chuckles] I believe it's quite clear. And I'm quite certain it's illegal to fraternize with the defendant. Well, I think it's also illegal for you to break into my office and steal company property. You should have them arrested for burglary. Judge : Calm down, Mr. Gowen. He's just upset because he's losing. [Laughs] You in or out? I'm in. I insist you stop playing. You know, if you continue to interrupt this game, the judge here may find you in contempt of court. This isn't a court, it's a saloon. It's my court and, right now, my card game. Then may I suggest you take three more cards? Because you're not gonna win with a pair of twos. Constable? Would you please escort this woman out? She's right, Judge. This looks like a clear violation of the ethics code. You're hardly the right man to speak to ethics, now, are you, Bill? Especially in front of Mrs. Stanton. I was talking to the Judge, Gowen. Yeah. You know he's not the gentleman you think he is? I don't think you have room to talk about ethics either, Mr. Gowen. You know, perhaps you should teach them both a lesson and have them spend the night in jail. They don't leave, that's exactly what I'm gonna do. [♪♪♪] You have something to say, young lady? No one's going to jail today, Judge. [♪♪♪] Have a lovely afternoon. [♪♪♪] All right. Deal 'em up. Oh! I really wanted to give that man a piece of my mind. I suggest we don't give Parker any more reason to side with Gowen. What he's doing is unethical! Abigail. Is there something wrong? You tell me, Mr. Avery. Oh, we're back to "Mr. Avery"? What happened to "Bill?" He's married, with a child. [♪♪♪] Could I have a moment alone with you to explain? I have some work to do at the jail. I have some papers to grade. Elizabeth, please stay. Whatever you have to say to me, you can say it in front of Elizabeth. Are you sure about that? It's fine, Elizabeth. I have nothing to hide. You saw the picture in my room? And the wedding ring on your dresser. I'm not married. I was. My son died two years ago. I lost my wife a week later. I'm... I'm so sorry. Now may I have that moment alone? I have customers waiting. Don't worry about that, Abigail. I can take care of the cafe myself. If you need help at the cafe, Abigail, I'm more than happy to pitch in. I'm a wonderful cook. In fact, the biscuits at Del Monico's in New York are my recipe. Of course they are! [♪♪♪] Thank you! I won't be long. Oh! Take all the time you need! I'm so sorry. I feel terrible for the thoughts I've had about you. Oh, don't! They're probably half-true anyway. The truth is, Abigail, I never thought I would have feelings for another woman again. Until I met you. So... are we all right again? I suppose we are. Good. Well, I guess I should get back before Elizabeth burns down my kitchen. I don't see any flames. It has been a while since I've taken the afternoon off. [♪♪♪] Pass me the salt, will you? Oh, and flip your steak, otherwise it's gonna burn. No, not like that. I don't recall signing up to work for you. Oh, am I being too bossy? My apologies. Thank you. I just have such a way with cooking, and from what I hear, you, uh... don't. Who told you that? Oh, Jack may have mentioned it. Jack has barely even tried my cooking. Hah! Perhaps there's a reason for that. [Inhales sharply] Jack... You know, I'm really not that hungry after all. Let's get you a table. No! Not there. Here. It's a much better view. He doesn't need a view of Main Street... He sees it all day, every day. I'm just gonna get something and take it back to the jail. You'll do no such thing! My chicken-fried steak will not be eaten in that dirty jail. Neither will mine! You both made chicken-fried steak? Well, I did. I'm not sure Elizabeth's can be identified. Although, Mr. Avery is a forensic expert. [Fuming sigh] I'm just gonna take a coffee, black. Thank you. And...? And your chicken-fried steak. Coming right up. Honestly, Elizabeth... don't you think you're being a bit selfish, insisting that he eat your steak when you know... mine is better? Well, that's just your opinion. [Scoffs with delight] Well... if it's true what they say, that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, you could be accused of attempted murder. [♪♪♪] That is a lot of food. Well, you work so hard protecting the town. Actually, I haven't done much all day. Jack... I know I'm not the greatest cook. [Scoffs] I've never cooked at Del Monico's, or anywhere else, for that matter, but I did spend the last hour cooking over a hot stove, and we both know, that if you don't eat this... no one else will. Except his dog, Rip. [♪♪♪] Forced : Mm. Mm... I'll keep this warm for you. I'm sorry for interrupting. Oh, not a problem, Ned. Miss Thatcher, this telegram came for you, and I think it might be important. It's from my father. My mother's taken ill. They want me home as soon as possible. [♪♪♪] I was barely 18 when I met Noah. So young to fall in love. Not much older than my son, Peter, would've been right now. Anyway, he asked me to marry him the same night that I met him. What did you say? No, of course. Then somehow, two weeks later, we were standing in front of a preacher! I guess my "no" wasn't very convincing. What about you? How did you propose to your wife? Well, believe it or not, she proposed to me. Really? We had our differences, but she put up with me. Well, I guess we were both lucky in love. For a little while, anyway. There's something to be said for second chances. [♪♪♪] Jack. Elizabeth. I'm going with you. To Hamilton? Yeah, I need to make sure you get there safely. Are you sure? Oh, positive. Plus, I get a chance to catch up with my brother, so don't even think of giving me an argument. I wasn't planning on it. I'm so worried, Jack. Hey... It's gonna be okay. Don't worry. I'll look after things. And keep an eye on Gowen. I'll keep two eyes on him. You'll be in my thoughts and my prayers. I'll feel better once I'm there. Take good care of her, Jack. I will. Driver : Hyah! Abigail, Mr. Avery... This is Joseph Sweeney. He'll be testifying for us. Thank you for coming all this way, Mr. Sweeney. My conscience wouldn't allow me to do anything less. I knew your husband and son. They were fine men. And completely innocent of all wrongdoing. I agree. Unfortunately, Mr. Sweeney is not in possession of our mine inspection report. I've left my job with the Bureau of Mines. Started up my own business. Drill presses. Haven't made a dime yet, but these things take time. Mr. Sweeney, you do realize we're not going to be able to pay you for your testimony? Oh. [Stammers] Of course. [Chuckling] But I can give you breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I'm sure you're hungry after your trip. Well, I wouldn't turn down a meal. Right this way. As I recall, Noah contacted you directly, is that right? Yes. About safety conditions in the mine. He was concerned the ventilation system wasn't functioning properly. That's exactly what Noah told me. Do you remember what you said in your inspection report? I found the system to be unsafe, and I recommended they suspend operation until it was fixed. And you're prepared to testify to that in a court of law? Even though the report Gowen has on record tells a different story? That report is a blatant forgery. I knew it. I was hoping to have another witness to back up your testimony, but it didn't pan out. So our case will depend on you. You're all we've got. It's the truth, and I'm happy to testify to it. Thank you, Mr. Sweeney. It's past time my husband was vindicated. Mm. [♪♪♪] Tell me, Elizabeth. What exactly did you pack in these? Just the essentials. Did the essentials include an anvil? I would be more than happy to carry my own suitcases. [Laughs] Really? Okay. [Thud] Be my guest. [Grunts] All right, you've made your point. I'm sure Father sent the car. Elizabeth Thatcher! Regina Allen! How are you? I'm fine, but I heard about your mother. I hope the poor dear is all right. That's why I came as soon as I could. Regina, this is Constable Jack Thornton. Mm. Charmed. Ma'am. Well, aren't you lucky to have such a handsome fellow to carry your luggage. Oh, no, he's not here to carry my luggage... [Whistle blasting] That's my train! Mother procured an introduction with an Austrian Count. He has a castle! With a huge moat. It's so very good to see you,  ma cherie. [Blowing air kisses] A bientot. A bientot. [Engine whistle blows] A friend of yours? That'd be stretching it. Good, 'cause she judges a man by the size of his moat. [Laughing] Regina is one of the Philadelphia Allens. Very upper-crust. Her family's been around forever. Like the plague. Jack! [Horn blares] There's the car! Come on, Jack. [Grunts] [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] [Engine rumbling in distance] Do you guys hear that? What is it? Hey, guys, get over here. [♪♪♪] [Engine roaring] [Townsfolk murmuring] [Engine idling] Boys. [Revs throttle] [Shuts bike down] Well, I've never seen a vehicle like this one. Well, that's funny. You're not looking at the vehicle. I have excellent peripheral vision. [Laughs] And what... [Giggles] Do you call it? It's called a "motorcycle." It looks fast. Well, it is. And dangerous? Mm. Can be. What brings you to Coal Valley? Oh, I don't know. Little of this, little of that. A man of mystery. Mm. I like it. Well, I'll keep that in mind. [♪♪♪] [Engine rumbles off] [Giggles] You're here! Ahh! Julie! And Jack, dear. So good to see you. You, too, Julie. How's Mother? I've been so worried. She's better today. But she's still having fainting spells. I didn't know. You might, if you visited more often. Viola. You know I'd come home more often if I could. Jack, this is my sister, Viola. Nice to meet you, Miss Thatcher. So this is the Mountie we've heard so much about? Oh, he's much more than that! Well, you did kiss! Julie! I wrote to you in confidence. Apparently, it's more than teaching school that's keeping you away. [Footsteps] My three daughters all together. [He chuckles] A sight for sore eyes. Father. I'm so happy to see you. I hear Mother's doing better? She'll do much better now that you're here. Father, this is Jack. Constable Jack Thornton. Good to put a face to the name. I'm indebted to you for escorting my daughter home. Glad to be of service, sir. Jack, we're having a dinner party tomorrow night, and you simply must come. Julie, don't put him on the spot. I'm sure the Constable has other things to do. I'm sure Jack could spare a few hours. I-I wouldn't want to impose. It's no imposition. Well... then I suppose it's settled. Come along, girls. I'll catch up in a minute. Well, at least it doesn't have a moat. [Laughs] Doesn't have a guillotine either! I'm guessing the rack's in the basement? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm? Why don't I meet you in town? We can see some of the city together. Well, are you sure you won't be missed? It's a pretty big house. [♪♪♪] [Both chuckle] [♪♪♪] Mother, you have no idea how worried I've been. I'll be fine, darling. I don't want you worrying about me. I want you to have a good time with your sisters while you're here. Well, what does Dr. Clement say? He says your mother has a weak heart. It's important that nothing upset her right now. Maybe we should cancel the dinner party. Nonsense! We must celebrate your return home. It's just a few old family friends. And Viola's new beau, Sir Lionel. Viola! You didn't tell me! You didn't ask. Sir Lionel is from London. He's a Duke. His uncle is Grand Duke Andrew Gray, and his great-uncle is an Earl. Darling. I'm sure you'll want to shop for something new to wear to the party. That won't be necessary. This isn't the Wild West, Elizabeth. We do still dress for dinner here. Oh, wait until you see the new gowns at Salon de Mode. The organzas are pure heaven! Well, I suppose it might be nice to have something new. And perhaps a little fancy. Oh, good! It'll be just like old times! [♪♪♪] Mother seems to be in good spirits. Because you're here. But it isn't easy taking care of her. Well, I wish I could be home more often, but I have school to teach. Books and education. It's a wonderful way to escape. It isn't an escape. I love what I do. I'm sure you do, but when I get married, who's going to look after Mother? Well, I will! You can barely look after yourself. And with Father traveling so much, what will happen if her condition worsens? Let's not think the worst. Viola can be so tedious. Some of what she said was true. No, it's not! Let's be fair. It is a great deal of responsibility. Don't let it bother you. She lives to lord it over us. Is Sir Lionel really serious about her? Well, he's serious about her bank account, and she's in love with his title. A match made in heaven. [Both laughing] [♪♪♪] I'm never gonna get used to waiters wearing tuxedos. It's called white-glove service, Jack. At Abigail's, the food is great. And nobody's wearing gloves. At least admit it was delicious. Salisbury steak? It's just a fancy name for hamburger. Well, it does come with a sauce. Speaking of fancy, can you picture Rip with a haircut like that? Life in a big city does take some getting used to, but I got used to life in Coal Valley, and now I'm completely at home there. Really? You still don't know how to ride a horse. It's a good thing I have such a good teacher, then. I don't know. You might not be able to afford him. Oh? Could cost you another kiss. Consider it a downpayment. [♪♪♪] [Murmuring and shuffling] Bailiff : All rise. Be seated. [Gavel clacking] Court is in session. Miss Madison, your opening statement. Your Honor, this tragedy could have been prevented. Had it, the women in this courtroom would have husbands, fathers and sons. Instead, they sit here alone, hoping for some small sliver of justice. I will prove to you today that the Pacific Northwest Mining Company knew that the conditions in that mine were unsafe. They knew, because Noah Stanton warned them. And they didn't care. All they cared about was removing as much coal as they could to make as much money as they could. Counsel? Your Honor. May I first say that it is my greatest pleasure to stand here before you in this courtroom? [♪♪♪] Now, tell me everything I've missed in Coal Valley. Oh, the mining company is on trial. We'll get to that later. I want to know about Jack! You already know more than you should. Well, I'm your favorite sister. You're supposed to tell me everything. [Elizabeth chuckles] Well... when we're together, it's like everything in the whole world just fades away, and it's just the two of us. Well, is it love? It could be. Has he said it? No! Have you? Of course not! Oh, it must be so wonderful to be in love. Charles? Elizabeth. I must say... frontier life suits you. It's so wonderful to see you again. You as well. Charles came to drop off some paperwork, but he may have had an ulterior motive. [Laughs] Guilty as charged. I never pass up a chance to see Elizabeth. I-It's been far too long. When was the last time we saw each other? Well, as I recall, since I was your escort at Julie's debutante ball. No! Was it really that long ago? I dare say we have a great deal to catch up on. Beginning with how Father managed to corral you into working for him. I'd hardly say corralled. He's given me a wonderful opportunity, for which I am very grateful. As am I. He's been a valuable addition to the company. Charles, I hope you'll be joining us for dinner this evening? Oh, I wouldn't miss it. Oh, wonderful! Elizabeth, why don't you take Charles out to the garden? I know he hasn't seen it in a long time. Oh, I'm sure Charles isn't interested in flowers, Mother. On the contrary. I'm very interested. All right. [Background chatter] [♪♪♪] Hello, Tom. Jack... Almost didn't recognize you without your band uniform on. I see you haven't lost that quick wit of yours. [Starts laughing] [Joins in] Little brother! I thought you were busy playing cops-and-robbers in some mining town out west? No, I took some time off to escort Elizabeth Thatcher home to visit her family. Oh! Lucky you. The Thatchers are basically royalty around here. They're just people, like me and you. Except they're richer than Midas. I hear even their butler has a butler. Very funny. Let me look at you. You've grown since I've seen you. Maybe the hair on my head. It's been so long since you seen me, you forgot what I look like. Never! Well, I'm glad you're here. What are you drinking? [Exhales deeply] Whiskey. [Claps hands] Bartender! Whiskey for my brother. So, how did you know where to find me? The boys at the regional office told me they've been keeping an eye on you. Said you've been giving them some trouble. Want to tell me about it? Your Honor, this document from the Bureau of Mines, signed by Joseph Sweeney, who is here today, proved that the mine was safe and the ventilation system was working. We believe it was Noah Stanton who failed to activate the system on that fateful day. That document was forged, which I'll prove by calling my first witness. Mr. Sweeney? Finally. The moment of truth. His personal testimony's gonna carry a lot more weight than that phony piece of paper. Mr. Sweeney, is it true you performed an inspection of the mine at the request of Noah Stanton, who believed the ventilation system in the mine was faulty? I did. I see. And could you please tell the court what that inspection revealed? I reported that Mr. Stanton was wrong. [Gallery gasping] The ventilation system in the area where the men were working was safe. [Gallery murmuring and gasping] Permission to treat the witness as hostile? Granted. Mr. Sweeney. May I remind you that you are under oath? And yesterday, in the presence of Constable Avery and Abigail Stanton, didn't you say that the mine was unsafe? And the document in the possession of the mining company was a forgery? I'm sorry... I... I couldn't bear to tell Mrs. Stanton the truth, with all that she's been through, I-I couldn't do it. Your Honor, this man is a liar! Clearly, he's been paid off to recant! [Gavel pounding] Order in the court. Your Honor. This is a clear case of negligence on the part of Noah Stanton, who simply failed to activate the ventilation system. Objection! That's complete speculation. Mr. Gentry's statement has no foundation, and I move to have it stricken from the record. [Crowd agreeing] Hear, hear! It's about time the truth came out! Order in the court! [Pounding gavel] Your Honor, I need a recess. So ordered. We're adjourned. [Clack] All rise. [Crowd murmuring] [♪♪♪] Don't you dare get in that stage! You walk back in there and you tell them the truth right now! Who got to you? Huh? Gowen? Gentry? What'd they promise you? More than chicken pot pie. [Horse whinnies] You won't get away with this! I'll have you prosecuted for perjury! [Huffs and stomps floor] Gowen : I know that this has been hard on Mrs. Stanton, and I sympathize with her. Now that the truth is come out, well, won't be long before you boys can get back to work and start putting money back in your pockets. It's beautiful out here, isn't it? Well, the view just got a whole lot better. You like to take walks in the woods, do you? Oh, I do. You never know what new things you might discover. Miss LeVeaux. Mm? Did you follow me? Of course not! So it's just a coincidence that we happened to run into each other out here? Well, I like to think of it as fate. I believe in making my own fate. Somehow I could tell that about you. I thought I was a man of mystery. Oh, but I like solving mysteries. [Laughing] Well, the trial's probably resuming soon. I should be getting back. I can't help but wonder why a stranger would be interested in that trial. Just curious. Curiosity killed the cat. Well, this cat has nine lives. [Chuckles] If you'll excuse me. 
 
 [♪♪♪] Hmm. Well, I hope I'm not taking too much time away from your busy day. Not at all. In fact, I have nothing better to do than to go home and contemplate my lonely bachelor existence. [Laughs] Why don't I believe that? Charles : Remember when we were young? We used to play blind man's bluff in these gardens. Elizabeth : I remember. You used to cheat. That was you! You used to peek out of that blindfold so you could tag me. I wanted to see where I was going so I wouldn't run into a tree. You always seemed to know exactly where you were going. Then... and now. That may not be true, but it's kind of you to say. Do the people of Coal Valley know how lucky they are to have you? I'm lucky to have them. Your father mentioned there might be some business for the company in Cape Fullerton. I understand that's not far from where you are. I'm not sure Father would be comfortable visiting Coal Valley. We have so few creature comforts. I'm sure he'd be happy to visit you anywhere. He'd be happier if I just decided to come home. Is that completely out of the question? I'm worried about Mother. But I'm the only teacher in Coal Valley, and they depend on me. Anything else keeping you there? I'd be lying if I said there wasn't. I see. He must be very special to be worthy of your affection. [Laughs] He is. I have to say I'm disappointed. Charles, don't be. You and I have been friends forever. I care about you. Nothing going to change that for me. Nor for me. Good. [♪♪♪] They look so perfect together. Don't get ahead of yourself, darling. A man can want what's best for his daughter. If only it were that easy. *** No, I'm... ahem. Just a little light-headed. [Exhaling deeply] Bailiff : All rise. Be seated. Miss Madison, do you have, uh, any other evidence? Your Honor. In light of the fact Mr. Sweeney just perjured himself... Miss Madison. Do you have any other evidence to present? I move for a mistrial. Overruled. You're gonna make your closing statement. [Crowd murmuring] [♪♪♪] Hyah! Sir! Hmm. Yes? Do you know where I could find a Mr. Sam Madison? "Miss Madison," actually. Yeah, she's right in here. You know, I happen to be heading that way myself. Why don't I walk you in? Come on. Clearly, that safety report was falsified. And if you can believe that, you can draw only one conclusion. Noah Stanton is innocent. Innocent of any wrongdoing in the death of those men. The fault lies squarely upon the shoulders of Pacific Mining, whose... [Murmuring] Excuse me, Your Honor, pardon the interruption, but I believe Miss Madison needs to speak with this young lady. [Murmuring increases] I hope I'm not too late. You're just in time. Thank God you decided to come. Miss Madison! Would you like to tell me why exactly you're disturbing these proceedings? Do you have any idea who she is? No, but Samantha mentioned she was hoping to have another witness. Your Honor. I would like to call one more witness. Objection! Overruled. This better be good. Your Honor, this woman can exonerate Noah Stanton and prove the mine report was forged by the mining company. This is outrageous. I'll decide what's outrageous. All right. Miss, would you like to tell the court just who are you? Clara Stanton. Peter Stanton's widow. [Crowd gasping] Oh, my God. [All murmuring] Peter never said anything. [Stunned murmuring continues] [Gavel pounding] [Silence descends on court] So you were married to one of the miners who died in the explosion? Yes, sir. My husband's name was Peter Stanton. He worked in the mine for three years. We were wed two days before the accident. Where'd you find this witness? Through a public records search of the men who died in the mine. I have a marriage record for Peter Stanton and Clara Weller. I am impressed, Counselor. And I have one more document. This is the original safety report signed by Joseph Sweeney himself. It clearly states that the mine was unsafe, due to a faulty ventilation system. [Murmurs rising] Clara. [Samantha crosses the floor] Where did you find that document? Peter didn't trust the mining company. He was afraid they'd blame his father for making trouble, so he gave it to me for safekeeping... [Stifles a sob] In case anything happened. And where did Peter get that report? It was his father's copy. Mr. Stanton was afraid that someone might try to hurt him... seeing as he was causing trouble for the company. So he gave it to Peter. This is hearsay, Your Honor. We can't allow this. I can allow whatever I want. And right now, what I want is to study these documents. Court is adjourned. [Excited chatter] [♪♪♪] Thank you. [Sighs] Clara... I'm Abigail Stanton. I'm Peter's mother. [Sobbing] [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] Why didn't you see that coming? The woman wasn't on the witness list. Well, then how the hell can he allow her to testify? Parker plays fast and loose. You never know what he's going to do. I told you that we should've stuck with Black. Yeah, well, there's nothing we can do about that now, so how are we going to get out of this? There may be a way to persuade Parker that the girl is lying, but it's going to be expensive. Do whatever it takes. [Bicycle bell dings] [♪♪♪] Well, do you think I picked the right one? Oh, I love it. I think it's beautiful. That sounded like a compliment. I know I'm hard on you. I suppose sometimes I wish I were as free as you are. Well, why can't you be? This is my world, Elizabeth. I'm not sure I'd fit in anywhere smaller. Ooh! What do you think of this one? Maybe for a saloon wench with questionable morals. Well, then maybe you should try it on, Viola. Don't be ridiculous. [Laughing] Thank you. I think it would be perfect for your next dinner with Sir Lionel. Ooh! So I got into a fight. It's no big deal. I'm doing just fine! I wouldn't call getting tossed in jail "just fine." The constables are so bored around here they gotta make up reasons to arrest people. Only they didn't in your case, did they? I'm sorry I'm not the upstanding defender of the law you are. When we were growing up, you never got into trouble. Never! Now you're going, looking for it? What happened? I don't know, Jack. Maybe life happened. Hey, can I get another of these, sweetheart? You know what? I think he's had enough. Really, Jack? Big brother's gonna tell me when I've had enough? Hey, Thornton! Where's my money? [Thumps glass down] Spent it on your girlfriend. You want to settle this the easy way, or the hard way? Easy way sounds good to me. How much? 10 bucks. Put your money away. I'm gonna pay you when I'm good and ready. [Crashing] Hoo! Okay. Okay... Ooh! Do you know what Elizabeth needs? Hair jewels! Don't you think that's a bit much? But I will admit, I've have been missing afternoon tea. [Door swings open] [Ladies gasp] [Thudding] Jack? Elizabeth. We were just... having a bite to eat. Apparently, you like to eat and run. Or roll, as the case may be. That was just a misunderstanding. And who's this? Tom Thornton. At your service. I apologize for my brother's bad behavior here but trouble seems to find him. This is your brother? His much better-looking and younger brother. Tom. These are the Thatcher sisters. Miss Thatcher, Miss Thatcher... and you must be... Miss Thatcher? Jack, how could you keep this charming man a secret? I'm the black sheep of the Thornton family. Right, Jack? Well, I, for one, find black sheep quite fascinating. As interesting as this all is, we must be going. I'll see you this evening? I'm looking forward to it. [♪♪♪] And these are the type of people you want to invite into our family? He said it was a misunderstanding. So was the War of 1812. [♪♪♪] [Knocking] Yes? [Door opening] May I come in? What for? [♪♪♪] That's a lot of money. I'm sure you're aware that bribing a judge is a federal offense. Consider it, uh... poker winnings. Of future games that may, or may not, occur. Clever, Mr. Gentry. Very clever. [♪♪♪] We met last year, when Peter was in Cape Fullerton on mining business. We would see each other every time he came for supplies. [Chuckles] I wondered why he always volunteered to go to Cape Fullerton. Peter was the first boy I ever knew who made me feel special. He was generous, too. I knew he didn't have much money, but every time he came, he would bring me flowers. That sounds exactly like Peter. I don't know why he didn't tell me about you. He was afraid that you would think we were too young to be engaged. So we kept it to ourselves, but... The day after we were married, we knew it wasn't right to keep it a secret anymore. We planned to come here to tell you together, but... I couldn't get away from work just then, and as soon as Peter got back here... [Sighs] I wish I had known. I am sorry if I have caused you any pain. I know that you have been through so much already. No. No, it's fine. I wanted to meet you. I really did, but I wasn't sure how you'd feel about it. That's why... when Miss Madison wrote to me and asked me to speak at the trial, I said I wouldn't come. What made you change your mind? I prayed for guidance... And then I saw a newspaper in Hamilton. The trial was front-page news. I know that it might sound silly, but I felt that that was a sign that I had to come, that I had to do the right thing. Are you living back with your parents now? No. My parents are no longer alive. I'm working in Hamilton now. And you're happy? I am happy that I can take care of myself, if that's what you mean. I just remembered. I have something I want to show you. Oh! Our wedding. It's the only picture I have left of him. I would like you to have it. Are you sure? I know that Peter would've wanted you to, Mrs. Stanton. You know, you're "Mrs. Stanton" now, too. I like the sound of that. [♪♪♪] Thank you. All rise! This should be over soon. Be seated. There are two reports, which means that one is real and the other is a forgery. One is provided by the mining company, an enterprise with everything to lose, the other by a young lady who has nothing to gain by lying. You'd better do something. Your Honor, I... Object to this unfair characterization of... Overruled. Sit down, Counselor. Therefore, in light of the evidence before me, I find the Pacific Northwest Mining Company guilty of falsifying safety reports... [Excited murmuring] Causing 47 men to walk into that mine and straight to their deaths. The company will be fined to the maximum amount permitted, and that money will be divided evenly among the widows. [Gasping and exclaiming] [Applause erupts] Furthermore... the mine will be shut down immediately... and permanently. I'd like to throw the book at you, Mr. Gowen. As Your Honor is aware, I, like the miners, am an employee of the company, not an owner. And had no knowledge of their wrongdoings... which I find abhorrent. You're lying. But luckily for you, I can't prove it. This court has rendered its verdict. [Clack] [Light applause resumes and chatter builds] Well, it's true what they say, to make it in a man's world, you have to be twice as good. And you are. Thank you. I know it must've been a shock finding out about Clara this way, but I didn't feel I could tell you earlier, in case she didn't show up. I understand. And Clara, thank you so much for coming. You made all the difference. I was glad to be a part of it. [♪♪♪] [♪♪] How was shopping? I think we went to every store in town. Enough about us. How are you feeling? Ahh. Sometimes, I feel as if I could go dancing, and other times, I feel like I couldn't walk from here to the parlor. But let's speak of happier things. Your father said that Charles couldn't stop going on about you at the office. I'm sure that's an exaggeration. I believe it. Charles has barely accepted a single social invitation since you left town. That's ridiculous. We're just friends. Well, I saw the way he was gazing at you in the garden. You were watching us? No! Of course not, dear. No, we just... we happened to walk by the window. I wish Charles would give up on you and look at me for a change. You've forgotten about Tom already? Who? No one in particular. Shall we show you our new gowns? Oh, that would be lovely. Come on. [♪♪♪] Samantha? Tell me. What's it like, being a lawyer? Exhilarating when you win, and less so other times. I loved being a wife and mother, I never thought about doing anything else. Well, until the cafe. I think there's nothing more noble than being a wife and a mother. It was my mother who told me I could... I could do anything I set my mind to. And you did. [Laughs] I'd say so did you. [Door bangs] [Conversations quieten] I don't know what you're all celebrating! Without the mine, there's no work. People will move away. This will become a ghost town. We've been through hard times before, Florence. We'll weather them again. Oh, I don't know how. Excuse me. Yes. Clara, why don't you stay in Coal Valley? I wouldn't want to impose. It's not an imposition. I have an extra room upstairs. That's really very kind, but I couldn't. You could work at the cafe. I have to get back to Hamilton. Is everything okay? I just need to get back, that's all. Well, if you change your mind, you know where to find me. I promise I'll write. I hope you do. [Door opens and shuts] Mrs. Stanton? I know we got off on the wrong foot, so I'd like to make it up to you. This... is for the widow's fund. Oh, my! But if you tell anyone that I gave it to you, I'll call you a liar. Well, your secret is safe with me. And thank you. [♪♪♪] [Door bangs shut] Hi. Ahem. Um, folks? Can I have your ear for a moment? Um... [Conversations hush] My name is Leland Coulter, my friends call me "Lee," and I, uh, came to Coal Valley to see how your trial turned out. And you know, I think it turned out pretty darn good. And now that the mine is closed... the future of this town, the future of your town, is timber. And the good news is... that it's everywhere. So I have decided to build a saw mill, right here in Coal Valley, and I plan to hire lots of men to help me build it and run it. [Gasping and applauding] Okay. Okay, okay. Thank you, thank you. So, um, if someone could just show me where I might set up shop, I'll get the ball rolling. Oh, I would love to give you a guided tour of our little hamlet. I hoped you would volunteer. Shall we pick up where we left off? I think we should. [♪♪♪] You know... you strike me as a city gal. Oh! [Laughs] I've learned to adapt. [Chuckling] So, what do you think? Is there any vacancy for me here on Main Street? Well, the mining company won't be needing their office anymore. Ah, I don't know. It's not really the image I want to convey. Well, there are a few other places, but... They're a bit too far to walk from here. [Chuckling] Something tells me you want to go for a ride. Oh! I thought you'd never ask! Okay. All right. Hold on tight. Oh, I will! Okay. Ahh! If you ever need anything, you know where to find me, and please, don't forget to write. I promise. [Sighs heavily] No one has ever really cared about me before. Except Peter. And now you. You are the kindest woman I know. Safe travels, Mrs. Stanton. Thank you... Mrs. Stanton. [♪♪♪] I'll write. Good luck. [♪♪♪] [Whip cracks] Hyah! Bye. You all right? I'll be fine. After all this, I feel like I can finally put Noah to rest. Life goes on... and I'm ready to move on, too. Well, I'm... I'm glad to hear that. Feels like this town has new life, doesn't it? And that saw mill is just the start of a lot of things that are gonna help put this place on the map. Sounds like you're thinking about staying. Actually, I am. I'd like that. [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] Jack : Thank you. Mrs. Thatcher? Yes. Thank you for having me to your home. Oh. Well, we are most appreciative of you for escorting Elizabeth back to Hamilton. That was my pleasure. These are for you. Well, lovely. Would you find a place for these? Thank you. I was happy to hear you're feeling better. Oh, well, that's very kind of you. William? Who is the man in the suit? [♪♪♪] William : Elizabeth's Mountie friend. Will the Mountie be joining us for dinner? Elizabeth insisted. Mm. I see. Will he be bringing his horse? [Chuckles] I have. You have? Yes. Not for a while, but... I'm happy to be back. Excuse me. Charles. Welcome. Good evening. These are for you, Grace, the prettiest flower in the room. Oh, well, that's just because my daughters have yet to join us. [♪♪♪] But I fear I'm about to be upstaged. [♪♪♪] You look... absolutely breathtaking, Elizabeth. Thank you, Charles. I couldn't have said it better myself. Have you two met? Uh, Charles Kensington. I work for Elizabeth's father. Jack Thornton. Jack is the constable of Coal Valley. Oh! Which reminds me. I received a telegram. Good news. The trial is over, and the judge ruled in favor of the widows. That's not just good news! That's wonderful news! Yes. Elizabeth, come and say hello to your Aunt Agatha. Excuse me, gentlemen. Jack : So how long have you known Elizabeth for? Our entire lives. You? Little less. [♪♪♪] Thank you. [Laughs] [Continues indistinctly] So the life of a Mountie must be quite dangerous, especially on the frontier? Yeah, it has its good days and its bad days. I'm guessing having to escort Elizabeth to Hamilton was one of the good days? That wasn't an assignment. Oh. So she asked you to come? Well, actually, I insisted. Well, I'm glad you did. She can be rather independent. Ha! Yeah, I've noticed. Even if it isn't always in her best interest. So working with Elizabeth's father must be interesting. He's really taken me under his wing. Sometimes, it feels like I'm the son he never had. [♪♪♪] Thank you! [Guests laughing] I have to say, I had a dickens of a time during that last chukker. Old Wickham got off a shot that no one could lay a stick on. [All chuckling] What in heavens is he talking about? Polo. Somehow, I knew the subject would turn to horses. Do you play polo, Sir Lionel? It's one of my favorite pastimes. I would love to see your team play. Perhaps you'll favor me with the pleasure of your attendance this season. What a splendid invitation. Constable Thornton is also quite the horseman. Thank you, but I can't say I know a chukker from a baseball bat. [All laughing] He has more important things to worry about, like keeping Coal Valley safe. Or getting thrown out of drinking establishments. [Drops fork] [Conversations halt] Who was thrown out of a drinking establishment? Julie : Jack's brother, Tom. Who's every bit as good-looking as his dashing older brother. How is it that you're acquainted with this "Tom" person, young lady? He landed at my feet this afternoon. Well, literally. Agatha : Well! This is much more entertaining than talking about polo. [Jack chuckles] Tell me. Do you make a habit of drinking, Constable Thornton? No. No, I don't, Mrs. Thatcher. Certainly not on the job. W... Or really much at all. Or ever. Except maybe at dinner. Perhaps it's time for dessert. That's an excellent idea, Aunt Agatha. Tell me, Constable. What do you think of peach melba? I'm sorry, who? It's ice cream. With peach sauce. I know. I was just making a joke. [Others laughing] Your Mountie has a very nice sense of humor, my dear. He isn't "my" Mountie, Aunt Agatha. Isn't he? [♪♪♪] [Charles and Elizabeth playing the piano] [♪♪♪] [Elizabeth giggling as they continue to play] [Charles and Elizabeth chuckling as they play] I've forgotten how it goes. You're still better at it than me. Let's try it again? [They begin playing] [♪♪♪] [Elizabeth chuckling] [♪♪♪] They're having such a good time together, aren't they? I've heard they've been friends for a very long time. Charles and Elizabeth have a lot in common. They took lessons from the same teachers, shared the same friends, skinned their knees. [Both laughing] It's a bond that has stood the test of time. Sometimes, what people have in common are the things they feel inside. A shared spirit. Elizabeth is spirited, all right. That's what I like most about her, sir. Sometimes, I think... She doesn't quite know who she is yet. She has a tendency to follow her heart instead of her head. She most likely will wake up to it one day, and I would hate to see her pass up the life she so dearly deserves. [Both laughing as they stop playing] [Others clapping] I don't think you need to worry about that, sir. If she follows her heart, I'm sure she'll be just fine. [Both laughing] [Lively piano plays] [♪♪♪] [All applauding] Wow! You play as pretty as you look. Oh! Well, you talk even prettier. Yes, I do! You know what this town needs? Aside from a sawmill? Oh, I have a feeling you're going to tell me. A theater. Theater? Mm. Why would you need a theater? Because I have played on the "great white way" of Broadway in New York City, and... well, it would be a shame to put my talent to waste. Ahh! So you're an actress? I was the lead in  45 Minutes to Broadway. Well, I thought you said you were  on  Broadway, not 45 minutes away. Mm... [laughs] I see I have a little educating to do. [Spoon clinking glass] Ahem! Since we are no longer going to be "coal" people, and with Mr. Coulter bringing us new life and new hope... Man : Hear, hear! As Mayor, I think we should consider changing the name of our fine town. And I'm open for suggestions! [Buzzing chatter rises] [♪♪♪] Please tell me you're not running off before I get a chance to see you again. I don't think I'll be able to stay more than a few days. She's not going anywhere until we're sure her mother is fully recovered. Oh, William. You make it seem like an invalid. I'm under Dr. Clement's care, and I'm sure I'll be back to my old self in no time. Then... until we meet again? Until then. Jack, it was so good to see you. You, too, Julie. Thank you for inviting me. I hope you had a good time. What's important is that you're home with your family. I'm at home in Coal Valley, too. Constable, I trust you had a pleasant evening? Very much. Thank you, sir. Will we be seeing you again? No. No, I'm leaving Hamilton in the morning. That seems kind of sudden. Well, you're safe and settled with your family, and I have a job to get back to. I've arranged for Constable McGinty to escort you back to Coal Valley when you're ready to return. That's very kind of you. It was very nice meeting you, sir. Likewise. Miss Thatcher. [♪♪♪] Oh! I'm so sorry. No, no, thank you. I've got it. Mr. Coulter? Mm-hmm. May I say it's a great thing you're doing, building that saw mill? It'll make such a difference for the people in this town, now that that mine is closed. Making a difference is what life is all about, isn't it? Indeed, it is. Good day. [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] Ladies and gentlemen... friends... you gave us many wonderful suggestions! But in the end, there can be only one. I give you, the new name of our town... [whoosh] [Applauding] [♪♪♪] [Indistinct exchanges] Well, it looks like change is in the air. It seems so. I understand you're opening a saw mill. Yes. Yes, I am. It's quite an ambitious project. I do like a challenge. The last fella who tried building one went belly-up in six months. Well, that's not gonna happen this time. No. Not if you do it right. That's the only way I do things, Mr. Gowen. [Gowen chuckles] Well, I do want to see you successful, Mr. Coulter, and I may be able to help you with that. Really? And how is that? Well, I know a lot about this town. My expertise may be of assistance to you. Hmm. With the mine closing, I just assumed you'd be moving on. No, no. I won't be leaving. Huh. Aren't you out of a job? Well, there'll be plenty of new opportunities here in Hope Valley, and I plan on taking advantage of every one of 'em. Fair enough. Let me think about it. Of course. Take your time. I'll be here. [♪♪♪] So, did Julie Thatcher say anything about me last night? Not a word. Oh, she talked about me all night, didn't she? No. And stay away from her. From all of them. Something happen between you and the Princess Elizabeth last night? It's none of your concern. Well, if we have nothing left to talk about, I'll be on my way then. There's plenty to talk about. I want you to come to Coal Valley. [Snickers] Not on your life. Hear me out. Listen. I can get you steady work there, and it'll keep you out of trouble. Oh, here we go again. I'm just trying to help. No, no. You're just trying to keep me on a short leash. Tom. I've got my life here. You've got your life there. Let's leave it at that. See you around, Jack. Yeah. [♪♪♪] I didn't see you at breakfast this morning. I wasn't hungry. It's hard to come home again. Isn't it? I was young once, too. I didn't realize how much I missed it here. And how good it is to see everyone. Even Viola. Viola? Let's not go overboard. [Laughs] [Sighing] Maybe I was selfish, leaving home to pursue my dream. No one's perfect, my dear. And being a little selfish is something we have to do sometimes, in the interest of self-preservation. I'm just not sure Jack understands I need to be here right now, and that it doesn't change the way I feel about him. Maybe you need to tell him. [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] You sure are busy. Do you need any help? Oh! I would love some. Where would you like me? Out here, or in the kitchen? Kitchen, please. I have to say, Abigail, for someone who's working as hard as you, you seem happier than I've seen you in a long time. Well, when business is good... Oh, I don't think it is just the cafe. I've seen how you and that handsome Mr. Avery look at each other. I say good for you. You deserve it. So does everyone else in the town. It's time for the sadness of the past to be over, once and for all. I couldn't have said it better myself. [♪♪♪] [Station bustle and din] Conductor : Last train! [♪♪♪] Jack! Jack! Jack! Elizabeth? What are you doing here? We didn't have a chance to say a proper goodbye. [Laughs] It really wasn't necessary for you... Yes, it was. To come all this... I don't know what went wrong between us last night, but I don't want us to part like that. Well, nothing went wrong. I just... need to get back. I know you do, but... Conductor : All aboard! That's my train. I'm sorry. I-I have to go. Then... Then take this with you. [♪♪♪] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 