Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x06 - Coming Together, Coming Apart - When Calls the Heart 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x06 - Coming Together, Coming Apart https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=281&t=18715 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/07/15 05:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x06 - Coming Together, Coming Apart 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously,  on  When Calls the Heart... 
 Jack! I just got this telegram... 
 Jack : Tom and Julie were in an automobile accident. 
 Tom : Nurse Carter, this is my brother. 
 Mr. Avery. 
 I wish you the best of luck with everything. 
 Jack? What's happening? 
 I'm not sure. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 I talked to his physician. 
 He said there's no legitimate reason to keep him here any longer. 
 Can you make something up? 
 Like what? 
 A case of temporary insanity? 
 Have him committed? 
 That might work. 
 Does it run in the family? 
 Well, only when it comes to women. 
 If you two are talking about me, I'd like to hear what you're saying. 
 I'm just saying I know you'll be happy to get out of here. 
 The first thing we're gonna do is get something to eat. 
 No offense, but the food here is terrible. 
 We're famous for it. 
 The first thing we need to do is convince Mr. Thatcher not to press charges. 
 How are we going to do that? 
 Well, getting you a job out of town would be a start, and agreeing not to see Julie would help. 
 My uncle is a foreman at a quarry in Fort McNeil. 
 They're always hiring. 
 I could contact him, put in a good word. 
 Jack : That's a great idea. 
 And don't even think about arguing with me. 
 I wasn't going to. 
 I think it's a good idea. 
 You do? 
 I've had enough trouble around here. 
 Starting over sounds okay to me. 
 I got to say I'm a little surprised. 
 Well, maybe getting knocked on the head knocked some sense into me. 
 You're looking at a new man. 
 I'll get in touch with my uncle. 
 Now, as this is going to be my going-away dinner, looks like you're buying. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [Giggles] 
 [Fuming grumble] 
 Florence? 
 Are you all right? 
 [Weary sighing] 
 I can't do it anymore. 
 I'm sorry. Do what? 
 I am not cut out for this. 
 Do I need to get you something to drink? 
 I don't drink, but I'm thinking of starting. 
 Oh, no. Is it the children? 
 You mean the little monsters? 
 Where are they? 
 Lunch. 
 But isn't it 10:00? 
 Who's counting? 
 Come now, Florence. It can't be that bad. 
 They're only children. 
 I am  never  going back there. 
 Never! 
 What about the Founders' Day play? 
 They're gonna have to find somebody else to direct those little miscreants. 
 You poor thing. 
 Don't you worry. I just have an idea. 
 Because of my professional experience, I can take over the play. 
 And the children? 
 You'll take on teaching the children as well? 
 Sure. Why not? 
 I love children. 
 You'll get over that. 
 But I won't be able to start right away. 
 I have a deadline to meet. 
 That's fine. 
 After lunch... 
 I'll send them home. 
 Excuse me, ladies. 
 Oh! 
 Hi, Florence. 
 Rosemary, look at that. 
 Wow! Oh, it's heavy! Is it real? 
 Of course it's real! It's solid gold. 
 What is it? 
 It's a railway spike. 
 You drive it into the wooden cross ties that hold down the iron rails. 
 It's customary to use a gold one when you're setting down the last rail. 
 I'm gonna use that one when I finish my spur line. 
 I was thinking maybe we could have a ceremony or something, and you could help me. 
 Oh! I would love to. And I wouldn't be surprised if it makes the front page of the paper. 
 Excellent. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [Knocking, knob rattles] 
 Elizabeth : Julie! Let me in! 
 Just a minute! 
 Why is the door locked? 
 I have no idea. 
 What's happening? 
 Nothing. 
 Then what are those clothes doing on your bed? 
 I was just sorting out some things to give to charity. 
 Julie, we need to talk about what happened between you and Tom. 
 You already know what happened. 
 I'm not sure I do. 
 When the car went off the road, who was driving? 
 What a strange question. 
 You know I have no idea how to drive. 
 Well, you could've convinced Tom to let you try. 
 Please. Do you really think I'd do something that reckless? 
 Yes. 
 Well, that's simply ridiculous. 
 Julie! 
 If we don't hurry... 
 We're going to be late for the bridesmaids fitting, and you know how Viola gets if anyone's late... 
 Julie! There's evidence. 
 Jack found it. 
 Now, will you please just tell me the truth? 
 Promise me you won't say anything to Father. 
 I'm not gonna say a word. 
 Thank you. 
 Because you're going to tell him yourself. 
 I can't! 
 Why not? 
 Because he'll kill me! 
 Julie, what's important is that you take responsibility for what happened. 
 It won't matter! Father will just be more angry because Tom let me drive in the first place. 
 Then you'll tell him it wasn't Tom's fault. 
 He won't listen! 
 Then you'll make him listen! 
 Jonas : I remember the time you faced off against them whiskey-runners. 
 They were mad as hornets, and it was 10 against 1! 
 Well, thank you, Jonas, for making the story better than it was, but I believe it was only five. 
 And you told 'em the odds were still not in their favor! 
 [Laughs, then coughs] 
 Jonas? 
 [coughing intensely] 
 This seems to help. 
 I'm fine, I'm fine. 
 Ain't this somethin'? 
 I sure never thought I'd end up like this. 
 You'll be back to your old self before you know it. 
 Probably time for me to get some shut-eye. 
 I'm sure... you two have a lot to talk about. 
 What did the doctors say? 
 He's getting better. 
 It's just so expensive with all the medical bills. 
 [Sighing] 
 That's not your worry. 
 The important thing is you're here. 
 Nora... we can't just pick up as if nothing's happened. 
 Why not? The past is in the past. 
 Do you have any idea how hard it was for me? 
 I lost a son, too. 
 Wasn't the same for you as it was for me. 
 Yes, it was! 
 I was there when Martin was born. 
 I held him in my arms when he took his first breath, and I watched him grow. 
 And I held him in my arms when he took his last breath. 
 I don't want to talk about this. 
 We have to talk about it. 
 First, Martin was gone and then you. 
 Do you have know what that was like for me? 
 I did what I had to do. 
 Maybe you did. 
 But it was something we needed to go through together. 
 Viola : I think we need to take in the sides a little more, Julie. 
 "We"? I'm the one wearing it, and it's tight enough already. 
 I won't be able to eat anything at the reception! 
 Someone's in better spirits. 
 Especially for someone whose life was "in ruins" a few hours ago. 
 Oh. I'm over all that. 
 And are you over Tom? 
 Yes. 
 I am! 
 I should've listened to both of you. 
 When I really thought about it, I realized he wasn't right for me. 
 Never would've worked out. 
 Really? 
 Julie : Really! 
 In fact, I was going to ask you if Lionel has any cousins. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 What a dreadful... 
 [sighs pointedly] 
 Oh, dear. Ha! 
 Nobody talks like this. Oh! 
 "The riches of the Earth brought forth the riches to the valley..." 
 [crumpling] 
 What an absolute snore. 
 [crumpling] 
 Hello, Lee. 
 Hello, Rosemary. Am I interrupting? 
 A welcome interruption. Please, sit down. 
 Thank you. I will. 
 So what are you doing? 
 Trying to fix the Founders' Day play. 
 Why? What's wrong with it? 
 Everything! 
 The last time they did it... 
 Dottie Ramsey decided she wanted a bigger part, so she started adding some things in. 
 Well, everyone in town did, too. 
 Why is it everyone who can hold a pencil thinks that they're a writer? 
 I'm going to have to start over. 
 Before you do, I, uh... ahem. 
 I have something for you. 
 What is that? 
 Just a little thank-you for your help with the poker game. 
 Oh, Lee! 
 Oh, it's beautiful. A four-leaf clover. 
 For "Lady Luck." You saved the town. 
 Is that a diamond in the center? 
 Of course it's a diamond! 
 A real diamond? Not glass? 
 Do you think that I would give you glass instead of a diamond? 
 I do like real diamonds. 
 Well, maybe I could get you something a little nicer then. 
 Well, I think this one is just perfect. 
 It's the perfect shape and the perfect size... 
 The perfect everything. 
 I'll make sure I wear it on opening night. 
 That would be nice. 
 Listen, Rosemary... 
 [exhales deeply] 
 You and I are two of a kind, and I was just... 
 Lee... 
 I have a meeting with Molly Sullivan, and I'm already late. 
 She's my costume designer, and I have some very specific ideas about the "prairie dog chorus." 
 I'm thinking fur. 
 If you'll excuse me? 
 Yes. Uh, yes. Of course. 
 Um... 
 Give my regards to the prairie dogs and the antelope. 
 Thank you for the beautiful gift. 
 It's truly exquisite. 
 You're very welcome. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 It's good to see you again, Constable. 
 You as well. 
 How's Clara Stanton? 
 She's doing fine. 
 Hope Valley seems to be agreeing with her. 
 So, what brings you to see me? 
 Well, this is difficult. 
 Can I offer you a drink? 
 No, no. I'm... I'm fine. 
 Do you remember, when I was here before, you offered me a reward for the work I had done? 
 I do. Why do you ask? 
 I didn't feel it was right to take anything for helping Mrs. Stanton, and I still don't think it's right, but something's come up. 
 A very personal situation. 
 I'm doing my best to make it right, but... 
 You want to know if the offer still stands? 
 If it doesn't, I understand, and I won't take up any more of your time. 
 We've turned a profit since the day we opened our doors. 
 It's all right here. 
 I expect costs are going to go down, with the new spur line bringing supplies directly into town. 
 Then why are you so eager to sell? 
 Well, Mrs. Stanton and I, uh, we have our differences in how to run the cafe, and we felt that this was the best way to resolve them. 
 I had my eye on buying Albert Coleman's place in Grover's Corners, but he was asking a pretty penny. 
 Well, I'm sure that if you come with a reasonable offer, that we can make an arrangement. 
 I like doing business with reasonable people. 
 When can I expect something in writing? 
 Well, if the inspection goes well, I should give you a number by morning. 
 Well, I'm starting a new venture, so I'd like to get this moving as quickly as possible. 
 Tom : ♪ Life, alas is very drear ♪ 
♪ So up with the glass ♪ 
♪ Down with the beer ♪ 
 Tom. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 Having a beer with my friends. 
 You were supposed to be on the train to Fort McNeil this morning. 
 Yeah. I think I missed that train. 
 [trio snickering] 
 You guys mind giving us a second? 
 Thanks. 
 So, I just got a call Faith's uncle when you didn't show up. 
 Why didn't you take the job like we agreed, Tom? 
 Working in a quarry is dangerous. 
 I don't think that line of employment is right for me, Jack. 
 What's right for you, Tom? 
 Do you even know what's right for you? 
 It's my life, Jack! 
 My life. 
 And you're throwing it away. 
 Let go of me! 
 You know... when Dad died, I made a promise to Mom that I was gonna look out for you. 
 Well, I'm not doing it anymore. 
 You're on your own, Tom. 
 I've always been on my own! 
 What are you talking about? 
 When I got in trouble, had to go live with Grandpa, I begged you to ask Mom to let me stay on the farm. 
 Remember? 
 You didn't say a thing. 
 Were you looking out for me then? 
 I was too young to have a say back then, Tom. 
 And you don't have one now. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [knocking] 
 Julie? I brought you some tea. 
 Julie. 
 [gasps] 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [kids shrieking and laughing] 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [whistles] 
 All right, everyone. 
 Places, please! 
 Uh, take your seats. 
 My name is Miss LeVeaux, and I will be your substitute teacher until Miss Thatcher returns, but while you are under my care, I will also be a mentor, an inspiration, and... an advice counselor. 
 Perhaps some of you have read my column in the paper. 
 I have! 
 Well, you automatically receive an "A" for today. 
 [Rosemary giggles] 
 Yes? 
 Will there be homework? 
 Oh, no. Absolutely not. 
 [Cheering] 
 Because... we'll be too busy rehearsing the Founders' Day play! 
 [all groaning] 
 Oh, no... 
 I'm almost finished writing a completely new script for you to perform, and there are plenty of wonderful roles for everyone! 
 No matter what the limits of your talent. 
 I will also be directing the play and shaping your performances. 
 Tryouts are this afternoon, but I still have a little bit more work to do on the script, so while I'm doing that, you can all take 10! 
 Uh, recess. 
 Recess. Off you go! Shoo. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 This is for you. 
 What is it? 
 Open it. 
 Where did you get this? 
 It's reward money from a job I did. 
 You can use it to help pay your father's medical bills. 
 Thank you. This means so much. 
 I promised I would always take care of you and Jonas. 
 Bill, please. 
 Let me make you dinner. 
 It's the least I can do to express my gratitude. 
 I don't think it's a good idea. 
 We need to talk. 
 About what? 
 I was thinking of what you said when you were here before. 
 Oh, Sergeant Avery. Good to see you. 
 How are you feeling, Jonas? 
 Oh, better, now that you're here. 
 I hope you're staying for dinner. 
 Of course. 
 Hello. 
 Hi. 
 Good day at the river? 
 My! You did have a good day. 
 Well, that's fishin'. Feast or famine. 
 But on the way back, I suddenly thought, what am I going to do with all this fish? 
 And it occurred to you there's a cafe that might be able to use some. 
 Well, I figured if there's anyone in this town that could cook a trout, it'd be you. 
 I will happily take those off your hands. 
 We haven't had fish on the menu in a long time! 
 That's great! 
 But I have to pay you. 
 Oh, no, no. 
 Oh, no, I insist. 
 All right. Well, what's a fair price? 
 Well, they're your fish. It should be your decision. 
 How about dinner? 
 You just want me to make you dinner? 
 If it's not too much trouble? 
 Well, there must be over a dozen fish in that basket. 
 It seems like you're getting the short end of the bargain. 
 Well, I'll be the judge of that. 
 So have we got ourselves a deal? 
 Apparently, we do. 
 Great. 
 I'll see you tonight. 
 Elizabeth. 
 What's the matter? 
 Julie's gone. 
 She's gone? 
 She ran away. 
 Her closet's empty, and there's a suitcase missing. 
 And Jack, you were right. 
 Julie admitted to driving the car when they got in the accident. 
 Well, any idea where she went? 
 No. But I think I know who to ask. 
 Sorry I'm late. 
 Oh, I thought you might have changed your mind. 
 Are you sure you want to go through with this? 
 Of course. Aren't you? 
 Yeah. I just... 
 I don't know how I'm gonna support you. 
 Well, don't worry about that. 
 We have my trust fund. 
 If your father doesn't cut you off. 
 Well, then we'll have each other. 
 That's all we need. 
 The rest will take care of itself. 
 
 
 
 Jack : Tom! Tom! 
 How did you know? 
 The next time you run away, don't use a chauffeur to set it up. 
 I need to talk to you, alone. 
 You can't change our minds! 
 It's okay, Julie. 
 It's just talk. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Of all the foolish things you've done, this is by far the most outrageous. 
 What are you thinking, Julie? 
 I love Tom and... 
 If you love him, you won't let him do this. 
 It's what we both want. 
 Julie, if you two run away together, you deny him the chance to get a good job, to start a new life, to make something of himself. 
 Is that what you want for Tom? 
 Of course not. 
 Then start thinking of him and not only of yourself. 
 It's been a very good thing for this town, getting that sawmill built. 
 It's given the men work and everyone is happy. 
 But with all the new people that the mill will bring to town, how will we entertain them? 
 You're in luck! 
 My name is Rosemary LeVeaux, and I'm an actress. 
 [giggles] 
 Miss LeVeaux, can we change the lines? 
 We don't think that a Mayor would be talking about entertaining people. 
 Children... you're actors. 
 Denizens of the theater. 
 And an actor's job is to discover why their character would say what the author has written. 
 Okay. We thought that maybe... 
 Albert. 
 I need someone to play the aspen tree. 
 And since you're a big, strong boy, well, I think that might be a much better role for you. 
 And you won't have to worry about what your character says, because trees don't talk. 
 I like my lines just the way they are. 
 Good. 
 It's not for sale. 
 You don't seem to understand. 
 Mr. Tower is offering to pay us three times the value of our investment! 
 It seems quite coincidental that your sudden desire to sell the cafe comes so soon after you lost all that land and money in a poker game. 
 That has nothing to do with it. 
 This is about dollars and cents, and this is a very good deal! 
 For you, maybe. 
 This cafe is my livelihood and it's my home. 
 I have no intention of selling. 
 You can take your half of the money and open up your own place without me as a partner. 
 [scoffs] And build from the ground up? 
 You know I couldn't afford to do that. 
 This offer is not gonna be on the table long. 
 Mr. Tower wants to move quickly, so I strongly urge you to take a moment and reconsider. 
 All right. 
 I've reconsidered. The answer is still no. 
 You are making a huge mistake! 
 And I promise you, you're going to regret it. 
 If that's a threat, Mr. Gowen, I suggest you don't cross the people who prepare your food. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Why is everyone against me? 
 That is so far from the truth. 
 Then why are you treating me so badly? 
 Honestly, Julie, you have got to grow up. 
 What does that mean? 
 It means that your life should be more than shopping sprees and chasing men. 
 You should be finding your purpose. 
 Don't you think I know that? 
 I was going to start a completely new life with Tom. 
 By lying to your family and running away? 
 You ran away and left the family! 
 I did not run away. I ran to something. 
 There's a difference. 
 I wanted to find a place where I could fulfill my destiny, and I found it in teaching, in working with children and making a difference in their lives. 
 I don't know what makes me feel fulfilled. 
 The only way to find out is to start looking. 
 And taking responsibility for your behavior is the first step. 
 You can start by telling Father the truth about the car... 
 [Sighs anxiously] 
 All right. I'll tell him. 
 But I can't let Tom go without saying goodbye. 
 Please, Elizabeth? Can you arrange that? 
 I'd give anything to see him one last time. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Okay. Thank you, Faith. 
 Guys, will you give us a minute, please? 
 I just got off the phone with Faith. 
 You're in luck. 
 Her uncle's keeping that job open for you. 
 Who cares? 
 William Thatcher still wants to see me rot in hell. 
 Nothing I do is ever gonna be good enough for his daughter. 
 Well, at least it's a step in the right direction, Tom. 
 You just think I'm one big screw-up, don't you? 
 No, I don't. 
 Because I remember what you were like before dad died. 
 You were a good kid. A responsible kid. 
 But after he was gone... 
 Everything changed. 
 It wasn't fair. 
 But it happened. 
 And we all had to deal with it. 
 Except, Tom... 
 I don't think you ever did. 
 You did, right? 
 Yeah. 
 But I knew I wanted to be someone who was worthy of his respect. 
 I mean... that's why I became a Mountie. 
 But the truth is... 
 I never felt like I was good enough for him. 
 [snickers] You? 
 Not good enough? 
 You were his favorite, Tom. 
 Not me. 
 [Scoffs] That's a crock. 
 I heard him once. 
 He was bragging to his buddies, about how smart you were. 
 He said I took after Mom, but you... you... you were a chip off the old block. 
 Just like him. 
 Did he really say that? 
 Yeah, he did. 
 He was so proud of you. 
 But I don't think he'd be proud of you right now. 
 And it would break his heart to know that his death was the reason why you were throwing your life away. 
 I'm sorry, Jack. 
 Hey, you're getting a second chance to be the son that Dad was proud of. 
 [sniffs] 
 Look, Here's something to help keep you focused on what's important. 
 His watch? 
 Yeah. 
 He'd want you to have it. 
 Tom... I believe in you. 
 [takes a shaky breath] 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Papa's asleep. 
 Good, good. 
 I have to be going. 
 Would you like to stay for coffee? 
 No, but thank you for dinner. 
 Bill, the money you brought... 
 It was more than generous. 
 Well, I'm glad I could do it. 
 I was thinking about what you said the last time you were here, and you were right. 
 About what, exactly? 
 When I left you, I was thinking about my own pain, and not about you. 
 I guess I always thought of Martin as my son, and not yours. 
 I felt like he was an obligation to you. 
 Nothing could be further from the truth. 
 I made a lot of mistakes. 
 I know that now, so I want to apologize. 
 You don't need to do that. 
 Yes, I do. 
 What I did was selfish. 
 I didn't realize what I had in you. 
 I didn't see that you were always there for me. 
 Can you forgive me? 
 Nora... 
 Please. 
 I need to hear you say it. 
 Yes. 
 Of course I forgive you. 
 When will I see you again? 
 I'm leaving town on a case. 
 For how long? 
 As long as it takes, I imagine. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 I told him I'm not interested in selling, but I don't trust him. 
 Henry Gowen has a strange way of landing on his feet. 
 I've known a lot of men like him. 
 They're smart. 
 You just can't turn your back to 'em. 
 Sounds like you're speaking from experience. 
 What church did you call home before this? 
 Actually, Hope Valley is my first congregation. 
 Really? 
 I would've never guessed. 
 Seems to come to you so naturally. 
 Well, like they say, it's a calling. 
 What did you do before you were a minister? 
 I knocked around a bit. You know? 
 Odd jobs, this and that. 
 And then one day you just decided you'd become a man of the cloth? 
 One day, I almost died. 
 That kind of thing makes you see life in a different light. 
 It sort of puts a perspective on what's important and what's not. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Jack! [laughs] 
 What are you doing here? 
 Thank you, Faith. 
 For what? 
 For everything you did for my brother. 
 They're beautiful. 
 I'm guessing you're leaving? 
 Yeah. Yeah, I'm headed back to Hope Valley. 
 Will you be coming back to Hamilton? 
 I don't know. 
 Someday, I guess. 
 I hope it's soon. 
 You know... 
 I'm really glad I met you, Faith. 
 Me too. 
 And Jack... 
 Don't forget who you are. 
 I won't. 
 Until we meet again. 
 Quickly. 
 I'll be waiting for you up there. 
 Please tell me this isn't goodbye. 
 We're only gonna be apart for a little while. 
 It's better for the both of us this way. 
 Not for me. 
 Julie... 
 I've made some mistakes. 
 I've got to find my own way and I've got to do it on my own. 
 So I was a mistake? 
 No! No. Not at all. 
 I was ready to run away with you, spend the rest of my life with you. 
 We could still do it. 
 No. 
 Why not? 
 Because you deserve better than that. 
 You deserve someone who's not gonna run away from trouble, someone who can find his own way in the world, someone who makes you happy. 
 You make me happy. 
 Then wait for me to become the person I need to be. 
 For both of us. 
 Look, I've messed up a lot lately, but I know I can be that person if I try. 
 I know you can, too. 
 You're the best thing that's ever happened to me, Julie Thatcher. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [applauding] 
 Bravo, children! 
 An excellent, excellent rehearsal, and after you take your bow, I will take mine. 
 Be patient, this is sure to take a while, and then we all exit, stage left. 
 You're dismissed. 
 Oh! Now everyone, I want you back here tomorrow morning half an hour before school starts so that we can run through everything one last time. 
 Not again. 
 There is a very famous theater in New York called Carnegie Hall, and how do we get there? 
 "Practice, practice, practice." 
 You, my dear, are going to be a star. 
 Mrs. Blakeley, when is Miss Thatcher coming back? 
 Oh! Well, I believe she's coming back in a few days, Albert. 
 Do you miss her? 
 All we've done with Miss LeVeaux is practice that dumb play. 
 We'd even be happy if you came back to teach. 
 That's very sweet of you, Albert. 
 Why don't you run along and get out of that tree? 
 Well... 
 I have to admit, I am impressed. 
 Save your applause for the performance. 
 Rosemary, I need to talk to you. 
 Um, I'm afraid I've been operating under a misconception about you. 
 What kind of a misconception? 
 Up until I gave you that little gift, I was under the assumption that we were thinking about our relationship along the same lines. 
 Well, I told you I loved the four-leaf clover. 
 And then I said that I could get you something nicer. 
 [Chuckles] 
 You certainly know how to sweep a girl off her feet, don't you? 
 I am trying my best. 
 Well, that's just it, Lee. 
 I'm not sure I'm... ready to be swept away just yet. 
 I see. 
 And... when do you think you might know? 
 Well, it's hard to say. 
 Hmm. 
 [Stammers, sighs] 
 Affairs of the heart... 
 They can just be so unpredictable. 
 They most certainly can be... 
 I'm not playing hard-to-get. 
 No, no. Of course not. 
 So you understand? 
 Yes, I understand. Completely. 
 I knew you would. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Hi. 
 Hello. Nice to see you. 
 I've spoken to the owner of the company. 
 The job is waiting for him. 
 That's excellent news. 
 I believe it will give Tom a fresh start in life, as long as he can put what's happened here in Hamilton behind him. 
 Let me say this, Constable. 
 As long as Tom stays out of Hamilton and far away from Julie, I can promise you, he'll have nothing to worry about from me. 
 I believe that's more than fair. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 Well, thank you. 
 Your help in this matter is much appreciated. 
 Well, I'd best be on my way. 
 Constable. 
 You've made quite an impression on Elizabeth, and I've always felt she had good taste in the people she chose to associate with. 
 I can't hold what your brother has done against you, and I'm prepared to offer you a position at my company. 
 Thank you, sir. 
 But I can't say I'm really cut out for sitting behind a desk. 
 I'd teach you the ropes, and you would work your way up the ladder to a position of leadership and responsibility here in Hamilton. 
 With all due respect, I believe that the work a man does defines who he is. 
 I'm very proud of what I do. 
 I don't think you realize what I'm saying. 
 This is an opportunity to take a position of importance within society. 
 To become... accepted. 
 "Accepted." 
 Yes. 
 I appreciate the offer. 
 I know it's a very generous one. 
 Then you also know you'd be a fool to turn it down. 
 An offer like this one is made only once. 
 Well, I'm sorry, but my answer is still no, sir. 
 I think you should reconsider. 
 I have no intention of trying to be something that I'm not. 
 Not for any reason. 
 And not for anyone. 
 Good day, Mr. Thatcher. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Good day, Constable. 
 Bank get back to us about the loan? 
 They're not going to approve it. 
 Mr. Jenkins says that you don't have enough collateral. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Jenkins dares to ask me for collateral? 
 I'll put his pathetic little bank out of business. 
 If it wasn't for me, that hayseed would still be pushing a plow. 
 What would you like me to do? 
 Deliver a message. 
 To Mr. Jenkins? 
 Not to Jenkins. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 [♪♪♪] 
 That's not fair. 
 You've been practicing. 
 Mm. Guilty as charged. 
 How about one more? 
 No. I can't. 
 Keeping up with you is exhausting. 
 Besides, I have to start packing. 
 I'm leaving tomorrow. 
 Your father wants me to negotiate another contract with Lee Coulter, so we'll just have to continue this the next time I'm in Hope Valley. 
 Charles... you know how I adore you. 
 You've been a life-long friend to me, and there's nothing I wouldn't do for you, but I can't let this continue any longer. 
 What do you mean? 
 I've enjoyed every moment we've spent together. 
 But this isn't fair to you. 
 You deserve better than this. 
 Elizabeth. 
 I know you believe you're doing the right thing. 
 And if the situation were reversed, I'd be telling you exactly what you're telling me. 
 Thank you for being so understanding. 
 But... as someone who sees you as... possibly more than a friend, I feel I have to be the one to make the decision as to when it's time for me to consider other options. 
 I don't want to argue, but... 
 Then don't. 
 Why did he ask you to talk to me, Dottie? 
 He doesn't think you're taking him seriously, and I would, if I were you, Abigail. 
 I've never seen him quite like this. 
 Oh, it's just his usual bluster. 
 I don't think so. 
 You've painted Henry into a corner. 
 He's like a trapped animal, and they can be the most dangerous kind. 
 I'm quite capable of handling myself, thank you. 
 He can put you out of business. 
 He can try. 
 I am giving you advice. 
 And if you know what's good for you, you will take it. 
 Dottie, are you threatening me? 
 I'm just saying you're going to be very sorry if you don't sell the cafe. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Elizabeth : This certainly has been quite the trip. 
 Let's just hope the next time I have to come to Hamilton it won't be because of some crisis. 
 How's Tom? 
 Tom is in good spirits. 
 I think he's finally getting himself on the right track. 
 Good. Hopefully, he'll forget all about Julie. 
 Well, let's hope Julie forgets about him, too. 
 I think the expression is "It takes two to Tango." 
 Yes! But you have to admit, trouble does seem to follow Tom wherever he goes. 
 Of course you'd see it that way. 
 What do you mean by that? 
 Well, my family doesn't have the breeding yours does, so of course we're always the problem. 
 Jack, I didn't say that. 
 My brother and I, we don't exactly fit the image your parents have of the "right kind of people" for their daughters. 
 That's not true. 
 I think it is. 
 That's why your father offered me a job. 
 He did? 
 Jack, that's wonderful. 
 That... That proves that he really likes you. 
 No, Elizabeth, it proves that I'm not good enough for him as who I am. 
 Did he say that? 
 Didn't have to. 
 Look, Jack, my father is a very generous man and I believe he thinks he's offering you a good opportunity. 
 Tell me, Elizabeth. 
 Can you see me as an executive in your father's company? 
 Why not? 
 I think you should at least consider it. 
 Sorry, Elizabeth, but I'm not gonna change who I am to fit in to your family. 
 I didn't ask you to. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 Where are you going? 
 My seat's in coach. 
 I have a first-class compartment. 
 You should ride with me. 
 Thanks. 
 But I got some thinking to do on the ride home. 
 [♪♪♪] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 