Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Give Me a Torch - Star-Crossed 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Give Me a Torch https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=147&t=11023 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/14 20:57 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Give Me a Torch 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Roman. Ten years ago, our ship crash-landed on Earth. We came here seeking refuge, but the humans thought that it was an invasion. (Rapid gunfire, shouting) That night, I met a human girl who tried to protect me a girl I never thought I'd see again. The surviving members of my race, the Atrians, were rounded up and isolated inside a militarized sector. 
 Now it's 2024. 
 Seven of us have been chosen to attend high school as a part of a government integration program. But the humans and Atrians continue to distrust each other, while I fight to protect my people and the human girl who saved my life at any cost. 
 Previously on Star-Crossed 
 We're the new Red Hawks. 
 There are Atrian terrorists known as the Trags. 
 And they're planning a strike against humans. 
 DRAKE: When my mom returned to the Sector, Vega wanted her to build something called the Suvek for the Trags. 
 Suvek. 
 That means blast or flash. 
 You think it's some kind of bomb? Trags might have started building it, but it's up to us to make sure they don't finish. 
 I make it harder for you to protect your people. 
 They're never going to fully trust you, as long as you're with me. 
 What are you saying? That maybe we shouldn't be together. 
 ("The Fortunate Ones" by My Name Is You playing) - (Gasps) Oh, sorry. 
 Oh. 
 Hi. 
 Hey. 
 Uh Every year, students come up with elaborate ways to ask each other to the Winter Blast dance. 
 Well, that explains why I saw Frosty the Snowman at the urinal practicing his Shakespeare. 
 You guys think our traditions are bizarre? How's the Sector? How are you? Are you safe? You don't really have to worry about me anymore. 
 Your Uncle Castor is a homicidal maniac, your terrorist ex-girlfriend drugged you, so yeah, I worry. 
 Emery You're the one that said we'd be better off apart. 
 Have fun at the dance. 
 Took you ten years to reconnect with him, and, like, ten seconds for you to dump him. 
 If we were together, his people would question his loyalties. 
 It's hard to compete with the future of an entire race. 
 Look, I know you're bummed, - but you need a Roman holiday. 
 (Chuckles) And the Winter Blast is our first high school dance ever. 
 I don't have a date. 
 Em, I need you there. 
 Every year, they pick one new student to sing at the dance, and Taylor tapped me. 
 Me. 
 If I go sharp, she'll melt me with one cold hard stare. 
 Please say you'll come. 
 Going solo is very "now. 
 " Says the girl with the date. 
 Not yet, I don't. 
 But that could change very soon. 
 Hey. 
 Uh, you want to go to the dance, right? Um, yeah. 
 (Laughs) Cool. 
 Direct, straight to the point. 
 I like it. 
 Yeah. 
 He's a no-frills kind of guy. 
 You've been freezing me out since the hurricane. 
 Oh, you mean the one you created so that you could smuggle equipment into the Sector for the Trags? You really think if you drugged me, I wouldn't figure it out? I wasn't trying to hurt you. 
 Save it, Teri. 
 You really want to earn my trust, you'll tell me what you and the Trags are building. 
 Yeah, that's what I thought. 
 You might want to think twice before pushing me away. 
 You need all the friends you can get right now. 
 Teri say anything about the Suvek? - No. 
 (Sighs) Vega won't start a war she can't win. 
 And I'm worried my mom might be helping her. 
 I thought you said she refused to build the Suvek. 
 She did. 
 But she's been acting strange. 
 Past few nights staying out till curfew. 
 Said she's getting reacquainted with the Sector. 
 Can I still count on her to back me up with the Hwatab? She's our only witness to Castor's role in crashing the ship. 
 If I don't have her testimony, it's just - my words against his. 
 Don't worry, all right? - She said she'd be there later. 
 All right, good. 
 If Castor remains Iksen, he's going to stop integration, and we cannot allow that. 
 I'll follow my mom after the meeting, find out where she's been going at night. 
 Excuse me. 
 I-I'll be right back. 
 What? I brought you something from the Sector. 
 It's called odyi. 
 Striking, wild. 
 It reminded me of you. 
 In case you were wondering, this is kind of my way of asking you to the Winter Blast. 
 (Sniffles) Oh, no. 
 Are you allergic? Taylor, your eyes. 
 What? Haven't you ever seen a girl cry before? (Engine starts) (School bell ringing) Hey, I need to tell you something. 
 I-I don't know who else I can trust. 
 Uh Yeah. 
 What's wrong? It's about Taylor. 
 Castor murdered our ship's captain. 
 That's why we crashed. 
 When I threatened to expose him, he tried to have me sent to the Crate. 
 Roman, where is this coming from? These lies? You know exactly where this is coming from; you are a traitor. 
 (Whispers): Where's Saroya? CASTOR: Roman is obviously retaliating against me for exposing his relationship with the human girl. 
 Roman, you were six years old when our ship crashed on this planet. 
 How could you possibly know what happened? I saw it for myself. 
 Through the mirzan. 
 And where is the flight recorder now? I tried to bring it to the council, but Castor got to me first. 
 I barely escaped with my life. 
 He's probably destroyed it by now. 
 My nephew proves that he cares more for the human girl than he does his own people. 
 My relationship with Emery is over. 
 I know you think I've turned my back on my people, but Castor wants to end the integration program. 
 He wants to build his own sovereign nation. 
 In a lot of ways, Castor is even more dangerous than the Trags. 
 He isn't afraid to kill one of his own. 
 Not if we stand in his way. 
 You calling me a murderer? - Roman, you do not have proof or a witness of any of this. 
 Doesn't my word mean anything? As Nox's son? We want to trust you. 
 But you deceived us all about your relationship with the human girl. 
 (Sighs softly) With that said, these are serious allegations, and we will be making inquiries. 
 Castor shall remain Iksen. 
 For now. 
 Asoluviv. 
 GRAYSON: Our goal isn't to dismantle the Integration Program. 
 We have one target: the Trags. 
 Need to figure out what they're planning. 
 We have an informant on the inside an Atrian who can help us. 
 But for right now, I need you all to be patient. 
 You call these runts Red Hawks? What are you doing here, Vartan? Think my invitation got lost in the mail. 
 You know I'm the captain round these parts. 
 Things are changing. 
 Like the New Red Hawks we don't have captains or threaten Atrians or try to turn people against them. 
 Oh. 
 It's a kinder, gentler Red Hawks. 
 Ain't that sweet. 
 We're not in danger from all Atrians, just the Trags. 
 And if we can neutralize them, we might be able to actually save some lives. 
 I'll tell you what we should do, is go after that little race traitor Emery Whitehill. 
 Leave Emery out of this. 
 That girl was dating the son of the Atrians' leader. 
 Bet she had all kinds of access. 
 I don't want you or anyone doing anything stupid. 
 It undermines what I'm trying to do here. 
 You hear me? Making a big mistake, boy. 
 (Beep) What are you doing here? I wondered what could be so important that you'd bail on Roman. 
 You have to get out of here now; it's not safe. 
 I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what the hell's going on. 
 You said you'd never help the Trags. 
 How could you lie to me? I didn't have a choice, Drake. 
 Vega agreed to protect us both from Castor if I helped her build the Suvek. 
 You were in danger. 
 What else could I do? As soon as you finish, Vega's not gonna have any use for you anymore. 
 What happens to you then, hmm? Drake, I don't expect you to understand. 
 I need you to trust me. 
 (Footsteps approaching) (Whispering): Go. 
 Now. 
 ("Another Ride" by Sister Sparrow & the Dirty Birds plays) Hey. 
 Um, can I talk to you for a sec? It's kind of sensitive. 
 I think I know what this is about. 
 Y-You do? Look, I was vulnerable, and she's hot. 
 So, yes, I kissed Sophia. 
 Let's not pretend that you haven't been there. 
 All those long, lonely nights sharing a hospital room with Julia. 
 (Chuckles) No, no. 
 This is about Drake. 
 Ah. 
 What about him? Well, I heard I'm not the only one going through an Atrian breakup. 
 Uh, well, onward and upward, right? Sophia told me when she saw you earlier in the car that your tears, they were, um (Quietly): They were glowing. 
 Glowing? Oh, my God. 
 Did I catch some sort of Atrian STD? It's more of a temporary condition. 
 When an Atrian woman's tears glow, it means they're expecting. 
 Expecting what? Taylor, you're pregnant. 
 (Quietly): My mom is helping Vega build the Suvek. 
 It's not finished yet. 
 (Sighs) Well, at least that buys us some time to figure out a way to stop her. 
 While the Hwatab do their digging into Castor. 
 I'll see you later. 
 All right. 
 (Sighs) (Steady beeping) (Buzz, rapid beeping) Move! Move! (People shouting) TAYLOR : Oh, my God. 
 Is that what's gonna happen to me? (Groans) You need to stop looking at these bogus sites. 
 Just stay calm and Who else knows that I'm carrying a mutant baby in my stomach? Just you and me and Sophia. 
 We need to keep it that way. 
 If the Red Hawks find out, they'll parade you around as their race-mixing poster child. 
 I didn't know what to get, so I hope you're in the mood for everything. 
 Oh, thank God. 
 I am starving. 
 Atrian pregnancies are a lot like human ones. 
 But there are some differences. 
 Like being constantly thirsty. 
 Atrian women have to drink two gallons of water a day just to keep hydrated. 
 Since when did the Bug's food get so salty? Atrians are extra sensitive to salt, right? Oh, my God. 
 Am I turning into an Atrian? No, no. 
 You're probably just expressing Atrian traits to protect your baby. 
 Can we stop talking about this thing like it already exists? - No, no, no, no, no. 
 You can't cry. 
 You can't cry again. 
 You can't cry again. 
 (Footsteps approaching) VEGA: It's almost complete. 
 And then what happens? One day, you will learn patience. 
 I was the one who smuggled in the equipment to build this thing. 
 Or is starting a hurricane not enough to earn your trust? Don't question my judgment. 
 We each have a role to play. 
 Your job isn't finished yet. 
 It's called the Iksen's Key. 
 We need it to operate the Suvek. 
 Where is it? It's passed from Iksen to Iksen. 
 I want you to find where Castor keeps it and bring the key to me. 
 Am I your daughter or your errand girl now? You are a soldier. 
 And a soldier does what they are told. 
 Hey. 
 Is, um is Taylor all right? She keeps sending food back. 
 Uh, you know Taylor. 
 She's a picky eater. 
 Right. 
 Julia told me that you weren't going to the Winter Blast, and I cannot let that happen, so - Lukas - I'm not taking no for an answer; and besides, no one appreciates my smooth moves like you. 
 Appreciates? Or tolerates? - Oh. 
 Okay, see? You just wish you had all of this. 
 (Snaps fingers) - Oh. 
 Oh. 
 (Grunting rhythmically) (Whoops) - Hey, Eric. 
 Hey. 
 Have you seen Grayson? He hasn't been at school all week. 
 We don't really talk anymore. 
 You don't? Grayson started back up with the Red Hawks again. 
 How is that even possible? - He's been using the school to recruit guys. 
 Look, do me a favor. 
 Don't get me involved, okay? I don't want anything to do with them. 
 (Sighs) EMERY: Drake. 
 What happened to Roman? Is that blood on his shirt? Look, I don't want to get in the middle of you two. 
 You should talk to him yourself. 
 I've tried talking to him. 
 He won't tell me what's going on. 
 Hey. 
 Taylor really wants to leave, like, now. 
 Okay. 
 I'll meet you outside. 
 Uh, is everything all right with your friend Taylor? Yeah. 
 She's fine. 
 (Beeping) (Quiet chattering) Teri, what are you doing here? Leave us. 
 I should send you to the Hwatab for breaking into your Iksen's pod. 
 Let me guess: Vega sent you to poison me. 
 You know, for a man of the people, you sure do have a lot of shiny things. 
 Careful. 
 That is a gift from one of my consorts. 
 You're already on their bad side. 
 Your mother she treats you like any other Trag, doesn't she? I can offer you a place here. 
 In my employ. 
 You're not serious. 
 Vega is wasting your talent. 
 I wouldn't make the same mistake. 
 You're free to go. 
 Think about it. 
 So, your uncle's trying to kill you while Vega's aiming to annihilate every human we know. 
 Who should we try to take out first? We go after both. 
 Both? (Chuckles) Are you crazy? The grenade that almost killed me was the same kind of grenade Castor gave us to destroy black cyper. 
 He's got to have a whole stash of them somewhere. 
 If we could find the stash, we could use it to blow up the Suvek and set up Castor to take the blame. 
 Now, if the Hwatab finds out that he has explosives, he'll be sent to the Crate. 
 If Vega doesn't get to him first. 
 We're gonna need the help of an Atrian that Castor trusts. 
 Maia, please. 
 You're my sister. 
 I would never bring harm to your son. 
 Castor, I've known you your whole life and I love you. But I also know what you're capable of doing. 
 I won't hear this. Not from you. 
 (Sighs) Wait, wait. 
 I-I don't mean to offend you. 
 Please. I-I'm begging you, Castor. Roman's made mistakes, but don't turn against him. Help him find his way. He looks to you like a father. 
 
 
 
 How long do you think your mom can hold him? 
 I don't know. 
 We got to move fast. 
 (Clattering) The fan. 
 Hey. 
 Yeah. 
 This doesn't look like it's attached to anything. 
 Whoa. 
 (Whistles) It's enough explosives in here to blow up the whole Sector. 
 Only take a few. 
 Still don't get why we have to go to the dance. 
 It's our cover. 
 By the time Vega discovers her Suvek has been destroyed and the Trags are hunting down Castor, we'll be miles away. 
 What's to stop Vega from building another Suvek? Well, she had to start a hurricane to get the parts to build this one. 
 It'll take her months to try again. 
 Buys us time to dismantle the Trags completely. 
 Yeah, but none of this is gonna work if Castor takes you out first. 
 (Chuckles) So let's get moving. 
 Are you sure you should be doing this? Because of my condition? (Quietly): I have been pregnant for two minutes, and it's already cramping my flair. 
 (Sighs) Are you gonna tell Drake? I don't know. 
 I'm still trying to wrap my head around this whole situation. 
 You know what pisses me off the most? I mean, besides having a half-alien baby that might kill me or worse, give me cankles? I really like Drake. 
 At least, on the bright side, s*x with an Atrian is pretty amazing, right? Roman and I we never No. 
 Seriously? What were you guys doing in the storage closet that whole time? We just wanted to be together. 
 Oh. 
 We still do. 
 But you should know, before you ran off at the Bug, Drake asked about you. 
 Really? He did? Yeah. 
 Maybe he still thinks about you the way that you think about him. 
 (Chuckles) Do you think our exes are gonna be at the dance tonight? Maybe. 
 But if Drake's there, you should talk to him. 
 Vega's daughter breaks in, and you let her go? CASTOR: I let Teri go because I can see things that her mother can't. 
 Her intelligence, her inner strength. 
 Traits that the Trags don't fully appreciate. 
 If she was in our tribe, she wouldn't just be some lackey. 
 She would be honored, respected. 
 Maybe even lead our people one day. 
 Emery. 
 I've been wanting to talk to you. 
 Eric said you're restarting the Red Hawks. 
 It's not what you think, okay? We're not an Atrian hate group or anything. 
 We're just trying to protect humans. 
 Come to a meeting, I'll prove it to you. 
 Okay, a Red Hawk meeting is the last place you'll ever find me. 
 We don't march around chanting, "Tattie, go home. 
 " We're just trying to figure out what the Trags are up to. 
 Trags? Where did you hear that word? Emery, you know the Atrians. 
 You can help us figure out what the Trags are up to. 
 I mean, that's all we want, I swear. 
 Roman and I broke up, so if you're trying to use me for information, you're wasting your time. 
 You broke up? I'll see you around. 
 I'll be right there. 
 (Sighs) So, what was so important that you needed to see me right away? Emery Whitehill's pregnant with an Atrian baby. 
 No. 
 Everybody knows she's been carrying on with that Tattie. 
 Now she's researching human-Atrian pregnancies. 
 Well, you're wrong. 
 She's not even with Roman anymore. 
 She is pulling the wool over your eyes, boy. 
 Don't you get it? Race-mixing is how it starts. 
 They use our women to breed, populate our planet. 
 Then they infiltrate our government and use our weapons against us. 
 They are here to colonize. 
 And this is the proof we need to make people see. 
 For the last time, stay away from Emery. 
 I'm not gonna tell you again. 
 (Sighs) I believe you have something that belongs to me. 
 You know you can't steal from me and get away with it. 
 You're the only one in the Sector who knew I had those explosives. 
 Thought they looked familiar when your assassin tried to plant one on me. 
 Well, you're not brazen enough to take me out. 
 What, were you gonna bring them to the Hwatab? You think that they can make everything right? You're just like your father. 
 Full of naive optimism. 
 Look where that got him. 
 If you're not careful, you could end up dead, too. 
 Uncle. 
 I am your Iksen. 
 You took my grenades. 
 I want them back. 
 (Grunting) (Rapid beeping) (Explosions rumbling) (Dance music playing loudly) You made it! Of course. 
 We wouldn't miss your big debut. 
 Oh, hey, this music is hurting my face, so excuse me while I have a little come-to-Jesus talk with the DJ. 
 (Both laugh) Oh. 
 I'll be out back. 
 Break a leg. 
 Where are you going? - Oh, my buddies and I always spend the dance outside drinking by the bleachers. 
 Okay. 
 But you'll miss my song. 
 I've heard you practice, like, a million times. 
 You're gonna be great. 
 Meet up later. 
 Are you okay? Is this how I pictured my first high school dance? No. 
 I wanted my date and I to bust in on an ATV and slay the crowd with our righteous dance moves. 
 But we don't always get what we want, do we? Sometimes we get lukewarm punch. 
 Well, here's to lukewarm punch. 
 May it forever be spiked. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Well wish me luck. 
 I have to go warm up. 
 Good luck. 
 (Dance music continues) Hi. 
 Um I owe you an apology. 
 You asked me to the dance, and I never actually answered you. 
 I'm just happy I could be there for you. 
 Why? I mean why are you so nice to me? I'm a knocked-up mess who can't get over her ex. 
 We're still friends, and you're a knockout, even if you are knocked-up. 
 I'll probably be less nice to you once you start ballooning out. 
 (Laughs) Emery? I need to ask you something. 
 Are you pregnant? What? Where did you hear that? - Vartan told me - Vartan? He's part of your new and improved Red Hawks? No, he isn't part of what we're trying to do. 
 Would you You still haven't answered my question. 
 Not that it's any of your business, but, no, I'm not pregnant. 
 And if you're trying to convince me that your club is any different, going around asking if I'm knocked up isn't exactly helping your cause. 
 Have you seen Taylor? We need to keep her out of the spotlight. 
 I think the Red Hawks may be on to her. 
 TAYLOR: Hello, Marshall! (Crowd cheering) Too late. 
 I'm Taylor Beecham, but you already knew that. 
 Now, who is here to get winter blasted?! (Taylor whooping, crowd cheering) (Whooping) (Sirens wailing in distance) Castor. 
 Castor didn't do this. 
 Castor used the same kind of grenade on Roman in the market yesterday. 
 And he was seen outside our garden after the explosion. 
 If not Castor, then who? Not only did you fail to bring me the Iksen's Key, but you let this happen. 
 Our most sacred place destroyed by the same person you were supposed to be watching. 
 Arm yourselves! Castor pays for what he has done. 
 Tonight! (Crowd cheering) Vega is gonna obliterate Castor when she finds out the Suvek's been destroyed. 
 She's not exactly subtle or forgiving. 
 Hey, it was either you or him. 
 Let's try to enjoy ourselves tonight. 
 Who knows? Maybe we'll even have some fun. 
 You all know the tradition, right? Every year, we have a song sung by one of our new students. 
 And it is my pleasure to introduce Julia Yeung! (Whoops) (Crowd cheering) (Dance music playing) (Quietly): When I get home, babe, gonna light your fire All day I've been thinking about you, babe You're my one desire, yeah Don't know what I'd do without you, babe Don't know where I'd be You're not just another lover You're everything to me (Crowd groaning, murmuring) ERIC: You can see it In my eyes, I can feel it in your touch You don't have to say a thing Just let me show how much BOTH: I love you I need you I wanna kiss you all over (Crowd cheering) And over again I wanna kiss you all over Till the night closes in Till the night closes in (Crowd cheering) (Quietly): You make a move, I'll slice you open right here. 
 What are you talking about? You're an abomination before God. 
 You being with that alien boy it's unnatural. 
 I am not pregnant. 
 Yeah, well, I got me a doctor lined up. 
 We'll see what he says. 
 You're making a mistake. 
 Shut up. 
 Doctor can run his test and then he'll see and you and Grayson will see Grayson? He ain't got the stones. 
 He had his way, the Red Hawks and the Atrians would be holding hands, singing "Kumbaya. 
 " But I ain't gonna let that happen. 
 I warned you! You okay? (Grunting) - Leave him alone! - (Grunts) There's a war going on here, boy! It ain't gonna be won by no Boy Scouts. 
 Get off him! Hey, hey, hey! Get off him! VARTAN: Who the hell?! Get off him! Leave him alone! Meet my Boy Scouts. 
 (Vartan grunting) You okay? (Dance music playing) So, what made you come back to the dance? I was drinking with my buddies, making fun of all the losers in here, and I realized I'd rather be a loser inside with you. 
 Wish we knew what was going on inside the Sector. 
 Relax. 
 (Sighs) Um I need to talk to you. 
 I'm gonna grab a drink. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I-I can't. 
 I'm pregnant. 
 I don't need anything from you. 
 I just figured you deserve to know. 
 And now you do. 
 So I'm done. 
 No, wait. 
 No, it hasn't been easy, you know, getting over you. 
 But this it definitely helps. 
 (Siren whoops) (Indistinct radio chatter) I'm sorry about Vartan. 
 I saw his car in the parking lot and knew something was up. 
 You okay? I'll be fine. 
 Don't worry. 
 He's not gonna be bothering you or anyone for a long time. 
 What he did had nothing to do with me or my New Red Hawks. 
 I hope you believe that. 
 I do. 
 You want me to take you home? (Sighs) I don't think I'm ready to give up on this night yet. 
 Do you want to dance? (Chuckles softly) (Grunts) (Grunting) Come with me. 
 (Panting) Now! ("Faded" by Ghost Beach playing) It's gonna be all right. 
 Taylor's pregnant. 
 How is anything all right? In one day, we raided Castor's weapons bunker, turned Vega against him and destroyed the Suvek. 
 You can handle this. 
 We don't even know if our plan worked. 
 Well, we'll know soon enough, once we get back to the Sector. 
 Right now, I think you need to go find Taylor. 
 What's the point? You know better than anyone it's not gonna work out. 
 Being with Emery wasn't easy, but I don't regret it for a second. 
 So stop being a hardheaded Vwasak and go find your girl. 
 So, your New Red Hawks you're really not about hating Atrians or fighting integration? All we care about is going after terrorist Atrians, like the ones who want to hurt humans. 
 That's it. 
 When you think about it, we're on the same side. 
 I just want the Atrians to be free. 
 Free to do whatever they want, free to be with whomever they want. 
 If that's the future you're fighting for then I'm willing to help. 
 I don't want to talk to you. 
 Don't. 
 No, no. 
 Don't No. 
 No. 
 I'm not letting you go. 
 Listen, I had to break up with you because of a bad situation. 
 All I ever wanted was to be with you. 
 It's not about us being together or not anymore. 
 What am I gonna do? I don't know, okay? Hey. 
 But whatever happens, I'll be there. 
 Until when? Curfew? When you have to go back to the Sector? (Sniffles) (Sobbing): Drake, I am on my own out here. 
 No, you're not. 
 Hey. 
 I'm gonna figure this out, okay? If you let me. 
 Okay. 
 You've heard me say over and over that information is the most powerful weapon in our arsenal, that it can keep our people safe. 
 Someone has joined our cause tonight, someone who can provide new and vital information on the Atrians. 
 EMERY: For those of you who don't know me, I'm Emery Whitehill. 
 And I'm here to help the New Red Hawks. 
 (Labored breathing) (Door closes) (Groans softly) I know it hurts, but you need it. 
 It'll help extract the toxins. 
 If Vega finds out about this Let me worry about my mother. 
 Why are you doing this? I'll get you some bandages. 
 (Quietly): I told the Hwatab to search Castor's hidden room like you said. 
 Did they find his stash of grenades? They were shocked. 
 They revoked Castor's right to rule immediately. 
 Mom, thank you. 
 I know this wasn't easy. 
 Castor stopped being my brother as soon as he tried to harm you. 
 What about Vega? Did you destroy the Suvek? Yes. 
 It's taken care of. 
 The Trags won't be hurting anyone anytime soon. 
 You did well. 
 It was wise to build the Suvek to survive attack. 
 It withstood the blast beautifully. 
 Using shell panels from the ship to build it was your idea. 
 I just did as I was told. 
 Finish your work. 
 In a few days we introduce it to the world. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 