Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - A First Time for Everything - The Carrie Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - A First Time for Everything https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=99&t=7868 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/04/13 12:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - A First Time for Everything 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (Carrie)  Before there was s*x, before there was the city, there was just me... Carrie. Carrie Bradshaw. And lots of things were changing... For all of us. 
 Mouse. I figured you'd be enjoying your spring break now that you're not team manager anymore. 
 Sorry about that. And I'm sorry to see you go. 
 You gonna miss me? 
 No way. 
 (Laughs) 
 Maybe. 
 (Snapping gum) 
 I don't even know your name, but you might be the most annoying woman I have ever met. 
 (Breathing heavily) I'm Deb. 
 (Breathing heavily) Tom. 
 Has anyone ever kissed you, Dorrit? 
 No. 
 Can I be the first? 
 Yes. 
 I'm here for you, Carrie. 
 I know. Just... 
 All I can think in my head is, "for how long?" 
 I know I don't say it as much as you do, but I'm kinda terrified, too. 
 A lot of things are out of our control, 
 like what number comes up on the dice. 
 But if you're lucky,   you get to choose what direction you go in. 
 Mm. Pink... entertainment? 
 Or green... science & nature? 
 Hmm. Which should I choose? 
 I know which color you're gonna pick. 
 You think I'm gonna choose pink because it's a pretty color. 
 And because I know everything there is to know about everything related to movies and television. 
 If it was a "love boat" question, I would crush it. 
 But...I'm not afraid of a little science & nature. 
 I like a challenge. 
 Always keeping me on my toes, huh, Bradshaw? 
 Well, that's the plan, Kydd. 
 Well, it's working. 
 I love you, Carrie Bradshaw. I wanna have s*x with you. 
 (Madonna's "Like a Virgin" playing) 
 (Chuckles) 
 ♪ I made it through the wilderness ♪ 
 What was I thinking?! 
 Um... going with you weren't. 
 I don't know what happened. My mind was saying, "I love you, too, Sebastian Kydd," and then my mouth was all, 
 "let's do the nasty." 
 It's like I lost total control of my verbal synapses. 
 Well, it's not the worst case scenario. 
 You know, I'm guessing most guys would be pretty psyched to know they're gonna get... 
 (Whispers) To do it. 
 (Normal voice) Was he psyched? 
 I think so. I mean, he seemed pretty happy about it. 
 But it pretty much obliterated the whole "I love you" thing. 
 (Whispers) I can't believe I did that. 
 I mean, I have dreamt of my first "I love you"... 
 When the guy would say it, who would it be? 
 I mean, I imagined my first "I love you" would be perfect, and now I don't have to imagine it anymore. 
 Apparently, I don't say it back. 
 There's still time, Carrie. 
 But I ruined the perfect. 
 Do you not love him? 
 No, I do. 
 I am in love with Sebastian Kydd. 
 (Whispers) Do you want to have s*x with him? 
 ♪ Next to mine 
 Yes. 
 Oh, my God. 
 And I can tell him that I love him when we're together for the first time, and that will make it even more perfect. 
 (Laughs) 
 ♪ Been saving it all for you 
 Ugh. 
 ♪ 'Cause only love can last ♪ ♪ You're so fine and you're mine ♪ 
 why can't he leave me alone? I don't understand. 
 I thought he was all flirty with you. 
 He is. He's nothing but flirty. 
 I  hate  flirty. 
 He's just flirting with me to get in my head, screw up my grades, and get into Harvard over me. 
 Okay, your brain is broken. That is the only explanation. 
 This is isn't my first day at the college admissions rodeo. 
 He's got good grades and sports and he's annoyingly good-looking. 
 But he has a weakness. A big one. 
 I'm afraid to ask. 
 Minimal extracurricular activities and President of no clubs. 
 He's a  sheep,  not a leader! I'm a leader. 
 I've already joined and run for President of eight clubs. 
 This week, I'm taking the rest. 
 ♪ Whoa, whoa, oh 
 that sounds horrible. 
 Exactly! 
 Which is why I'm sure to land officer roles in all of them. 
 And while I'm busy attending all my meetings, 
 I can also be avoiding that totally hot but duplicitous west. 
 Looks like you've got everything under control. 
 (Singsongy) I do! 
 ♪ Till the end of time 
 (telephone rings) 
 Got it! 
 I've got it! 
 (Ring) 
 Dad, no one ever calls for you! 
 Hello? 
 Hello. 
 Um... it's for me. 
 Well, goody for you, but I'm waiting for a call. 
 Well, that's why we have call waiting. 
 So if someone calls for you, I will let you know. 
 But since... This is a work call, it takes precedent. 
 Whatever. I'm outta here. 
 Where you off to? 
 The mall. Maybe check out some records or somethin'. 
 (Door opens) 
 Deb? Hey. Sorry. 
 (Door closes) 
 That's okay. I don't mind waiting. 
 And I don't mind being called a work call. 
 My ex-husband used to say I was a lot of work. 
 Don't let that scare ya. 
 (Laughs) It doesn't. 
 Uh, but I'm... I'm sorry about that. 
 It's just that my kids don't really know that I'm dating yet. 
 That's okay, right? Oh. We're dating now? 
 Oh, is that... is that...Not what I should call this? 
 I'm J... I don't really know how all this works. 
 (Chuckles) I mean, we made out in your car and got coffee a couple times. 
 Yeah, sorry. I'm a little rusty. What would you call that? 
 Dating. 
 I'm just messing with you. 
 (Exhales) 
 I'm an easy target, aren't I? 
 (Chuckles) I would say just right. 
 I'd like to see you again. 
 I was thinking the same. 
 Uh... maybe you could come over here for a nightcap? 
 A nightcap? 
 Yeah. You know, to put a cap on the night. I thought it'd be fun. Say Friday night? 
 Um... 
 I gotta pick Dorrit up from a school thing. 
 Hey, what about Saturday night? 
 Ugh. I have my son. 
 Sunday? Mnh. We do a family dinner. 
 Ooh. Weekdays are tough. 
 What about, uh, next Friday night? 
 Um... yes! That will work. A nightcap next Friday night. That sounds great. 
 I'll see you then. Oh, and tom? Come prepared. 
 I will. 
 (Line disconnects) 
 I... will come prepared. 
 And while my dad suddenly felt  like he had a lot to learn,   my sister had apparently signed up to learn everything. 
 The book is so creepy. 
 I loved it. 
 I knew you would. 
 And I can't believe that's what they thought it'd be like now. 
 I mean, 1984 was just last year. 
 If you think about it, it's not that far off with Reagan in the White House. 
 They want to control everything. 
 (Book thuds) 
 I never thought about it that way. 
 You make me look at the world totally different, Miller. 
 Like I'm seeing it for the first time. 
 All these books... I finally feel like I know stuff. 
 You've always known stuff, Dorrit. I can see it in your eyes. You know pain. You're deep. 
 That's why you hide behind all that makeup and those clothes. 
 It's like the armor you wear 'cause you know there's stuff out there to be scared of. 
 I'm not afraid, especially when I'm with you. I wear all this crap to piss my dad off. 
 But I gotta be honest... It doesn't even seem to shock him anymore. 
 What's the fun in rebelling if nobody notices? I think the best version of rebellion 
 is to become someone who people don't even  realize  is rebelling. 
 (Madonna's "lucky star" playing) 
 (Camera shutter clicking)  Mm! Talk about a woman who knows how to rebel. 
 I mean, she makes a wedding dress look positively perverted. Mm! 
 I never even wanted to wear a wedding dress until I saw her in this one. 
 Netted stockings and a veil?  
 Yes, please. 
 I went to a few rehearsals for her concert. Her faux fornication is divine. 
 Wait. Was this for "the virgin tour"? 
 Exactement. 
 We're gonna do a section of the magazine dedicated to "the virgin tour"... 
 As if there are any of those in the world anymore. 
 Virginity is  so  over. 
 Well, it can only be over if it's there in the first place. 
 So... not over for everyone. 
 (Stapler clicks) You are very wise, Carrie Bradshaw. 
 Anywho, she's launching the tour in Seattle, but having the big launch party here, because no one actually lives 
 in Seattle. 
 I wonder why she's even doing a concert there. 
 (Laughs) 
 Now the party's gonna be at the oak room at the Plaza. 
 Very old school. That sounds amazing. 
 It won't all be fun and games, my sweets. 
 We're all gonna be getting quotes from the people involved in the show. 
 Andy wants to do a big behind-the-scenes thing... 
 How the tour came together, the costumes, the lighting, the dancing. 
 ♪ And you're by my side 
 "The material that made the material girl." 
 Ohh! I am so gonna steal that! 
 (Chuckles) I can't believe we get to talk about Madonna as, like, a person. 
 Wait till you see her. She is... Amazing. 
 Not the greatest voice, but, mnh. Who cares? 
 She has got that je ne sais quoi. 
 Wait. Do I get to go to the party? 
 Honey, I've known Ms. Ciccone for years. 
 I used to let her in the back of danceteria when she couldn't afford the cover. 
 She bloody owes me. 
 Oh, and bring that gorgeous boy of yours if you want. Madonna  loves  eye candy. 
 It'll be a magical night, not to be missed. Some might even call it a perfect night. 
 ♪ 
 (Sebastian) What? 
 What do you mean what? 
 You've got that look... Some would even call it a gleam... Like you've got something to say to me. 
 Oh, I have many things to say to you. 
 Oh, you do, huh? 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 This Friday, Madonna's having an exclusive kickoff party for her "virgin tour." 
 Oh. It's a party conversation. 
 Madonna's party. And Larissa gave me two tickets. One for me, one for you. I was thinking we could make 
 a night of it. 
 I'm starting to get the picture. 
 Maybe even spend the night... 
 In a hotel room in the city? 
 Maybe the St. Regis? 
 Well, I was gonna say "together," but that sounds even more perfect. 
 (Scoffs) Get a room. 
 Don't worry. I am. 
 Madonna's song might be called  "like a virgin," but after the party, I knew I wouldn't be. 
 The plans for my perfect evening were in place, 
 but as a teenager, my life wasn't entirely in my control.  I still had to get permission. 
 Hey, dad. 
 So Larissa invited me to party in the city on Friday. Uh, sort of a work thing. 
 So I was going to ask mouse to come and then crash at her place afterwards. 
 Where is this party? 
 The oak room at the Plaza. 
 Oh, that should be nice. 
 I guess Dorrit is sleeping over at Audrey's, so I'll just... Be here by my lonesome. 
 You, uh... don't want me to cancel my plans, do you? 
 No, no. No. No. 
 Um, I just... do you know what time you might be getting back in the morning? 
 I mean, I just wanna know if you're gonna need breakfast. 
 Or I was thinking about maybe getting up early and going to the gym or something. 
 Um... 
 (Chuckles) 
 Um... no, I definitely think I'm going to want to sleep in. 
 So work out away. 
 Okay. I will. 
 I will work out away. 
 Dorrit, you look nice. 
 Whatever. I don't need your approval. 
 What was that about? 
 I don't know.  But I was pretty sure I did. 
 Try knocking next time. 
 Sorry. Can I come in? 
 (Sighs) Can't stop you from being here. 
 So... how's it going with the boy you've been seeing? 
 What boy? 
 And I don't see boys. I'm not a loser or a kid. I'm 15, you know. 
 I know. You're allowed to hang out with whoever you want. 
 I'm just trying to be friendly, Dorrit. 
 Don't bother. And his name's Miller. 
 So it is a guy. 
 It must be, if you're dressing and looking like this. 
 Whatever. Can I have the bathroom back now? 
 Sure. I'm happy for you, Dorrit. 
 Why? 'Cause someone likes me? 
 People do that all over the world. It's no big deal. 
 Well, it is if you like him back. 
 I just wanna make sure you don't feel like you don't have to change who you are for a guy. 
 I'm not changing anything. 
 Good. Because as much as I like seeing you not look like the handmaiden of death, 
 he should like you for who you are, not for who he wants you to be. 
 No offense, miss goody-two-shoes, but I'm not taking advice from a person who took, like, 47 years 
 to kiss a guy. 
 As everyone knows, back in march, U.S.A. for Africa released their hit single, 
 "we are the world." 
 Now as far as I'm concerned, charity and helping others shouldn't need a music video to be cool. 
 Sorry I'm late. Practice ran over. 
 Well, you should dribble right back out of here. 
 We have work to do. 
 If we're not watching the video, then  what  are we doing here? 
 We are prepping boxes of chocolate bars to raise money to help fight faminen Africa. 
 No video  and  we get to box up candy bars? Awesome! (Chuckles) 
 Psych. 
 Come on. All this famine talk... I'm totally starving. 
 Wait. Don't go. 
 (Sighs) 
 We have a ton of chocolate to work with here. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 I'll give out a few free ones if you stay! 
 If we work together, I'll bet we'll be able to get all those candy bars sorted in a couple of hours. 
 While mouse's day was going South, my night was going South as well... To Manhattan. 
 Are you excited? 
 Of course. You? 
 Definitely. 
 Lot of things are gonna happen tonight. 
 You know, we're gonna do and say things we haven't done or said before. 
 Well, I mean, some of us have said stuff, but you know what I mean. 
 It's gonna be great. 
 I promise. 
 I know. 
 I just wish we were driving into the city instead of taking the train. 
 I miss being in control. 
 Yeah, but this way, we don't have to worry about parking overnight. 
 And we can hold hands. 
 Now I'm glad we didn't drive. 
 And there it was... The moment I was looking for, to tell him how I felt. 
 Sebastian... 
 Tickets, please. 
 And just like that, my moment was gone. 
 (Click) 
 What'd you wanna tell me? 
 Uh, it can wait. 
 My perfect moment wasn't going to be here, but I wasn't worried. It was going to be a long night. 
 I'd get other chances... I hoped. 
 (Madonna's "Material Girl" playing) 
 ♪ Some boys kiss me, some boys hug me ♪ ♪ I think they're okay 
 This place is awesome. 
 Yawn. It used to be. 
 Now the only place that is anyplace in here is the V.I.P. area. 
 (Bennet) She's right. That's where the real party is. 
 All this... fake party. People who wish they were V.I.P.s. 
 Don't you even dare think about partying. 
 We are here for work. 
 Of course we are. 
 Now let's get a drink, and make mine a double. 
 Follow. Us V.I.P.s shouldn't waste our evening among the commoners. 
 They might think you're one of them. 
 Yes, us V.I.P.s. wouldn't wanna be mistaken for one of the commoners. 
 You couldn't be if you tried. 
 (Clank) 
 Name. 
 Carrie Bradshaw and Sebastian Kydd. 
 I've got Bradshaw. 
 No Kydd. 
 There must be a mistake. Um, do you have the spelling right? 
 K-y-d-d? 
 Nope. 
 Um, what about a plus one? Do you have me down for a plus one? 
 I'm sorry. I checked.You're on the list. He isn't. 
 ♪ Some boys try and some boys lie ♪ ♪ But I don't let them play 
 I'm afraid we have a problem. 
 And while I geared up for a fight... 
 Mouse was doing more or less the same. 
 What exactly are you doing here anyway? It's like 7:00 at night. Don't you have somewhere to be? 
 Just trying to help. And I like hanging out with you. 
 Are you deliberately trying to ruin my grades? 
 Is that what you think? That I pretend to like you just to mess up your G.P.A.? 
 Please, I'd do the same thing if I thought of it first, or if I could flirt, which I can't. 
 Which is why I like you. 
 I definitely do not like you back. 
 Whatever you say. 
 Stop it. 
 Stop what? 
 That. 
 That cute smiling of yours. 
 Did you just say "cute"? 
 I meant annoying and not at all appreciated or charming, and least of all, sexy. 
 It's not going to work. 
 I'm in complete control. 
 Whatever you say. 
 Until she wasn't. And while mouse's evening took a surprising turn... 
 My dad was still trying to figure out what his evening was going to be, exactly. 
 So when a woman asks you over for a nightcap, what does at mean these days? 
 It means you're getting laid, Tommy. 
 Oh, come on. This is a single mom from the suburbs. 
 I'm only asking if I should bring a bottle of something. 
 She said to... come prepared. 
 With condoms. 
 Neither of you are teenagers, so stop wasting her time and yours. 
 Get in there. Have some s*x. 
 Come on, Tommy. Listen to me. 
 Maybe you're right. 
 Wait. What? 
 Maybe I'm just being uptight because I haven't been dating for a while. 
 Or getting laid, my friend. 
 And it's time. 
 It is. 
 I'm gonna go in there with a full head of steam, put on some Barry white, make some moves, you know? 
 Maybe I'll be a little rusty, but... 
 You just said "making moves." 
 I'd say you're a bit more than rusty. 
 And go with Marvin gaye. 
 You're rusty, not dead. 
 (Chuckles) Thanks for the advice. 
 And one more word to the wise. 
 Have a lot of fun. 
 Oh, I will. (Chuckles) 
 (Hangs up telephone) 
 Fun. 
 ♪ 
 Look, I don't know how many other ways I can say this. You're holding up the line. 
 So either come in or go away. You got me? 
 Well, is there someone else we can speak to? Because this is supposed to be an important evening, and... 
 Carrie. We can hang out here. It's no big deal, really. 
 Are you saying "it's no big deal" because it's actually no big deal, or are you gonna be 
 annoyed about it later? 
 It's no big deal. 
 It's just, I hate giving up like that. 
 This was supposed to be a special night. 
 It is a special night. 
 And getting into that area doesn't change that. 
 ♪ 
 (Naked Eyes' "Promises, Promises" playing) 
 I promised you a perfect evening, and you're going to get one. 
 And that includes breathing the very air Madonna breathes 
 inside the V.I.P. area. 
 Carrie... 
 don't ask me to give up because I'm not going to. 
 I'm gonna go in there, find Larissa, and get us some help, okay? 
 You really don't have to do this. 
 Have you met me? 
 You're sexy when you're determined. 
 I'll give you that. 
 ♪ 
 ♪ Trusted too true 
 ♪ In the beginning 
 ♪ I loved you right through 
 (Clank) 
 ♪ Arm in arm, we laughed like kids ♪ 
 ♪ At all the silly things we did ♪ 
 ♪ You made me promises, promises ♪ 
 I couldn't explain, but as Sebastian disappeared into the crowd, 
 I had this awful feeling that our perfect night was disappearing, too. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 Hey there, Carrie. Oh. 
 What happened to your boy toy? 
 He's stuck on the other side of the velvet rope. 
 I think Larissa forgot to put him on the list. 
 Do you know where she is? 
 Last I saw, she was headed to the kitchen 
 'cause she heard they had coke, but I'm pretty sure they meant the drink, so she'll probably 
 be back soon, and cranky. 
 Okay, well, you're the nightclub expert. 
 How do I get Sebastian into the V.I.P. area? 
 Well, let's see. I'd say seduce a bouncer like Floyd over there, 
 but you're not really Floyd's type... You know, male. 
 Also, I'm kinda taken. 
 You're so cute with your morals. 
 All right, you know what I always do? I find some guy with big wrists. 
 Tell him he's cute, and then ask him to borrow his wristband. 
 Voila. V.I.P.-Ready. 
 Not that I was looking, but Sebastian has pretty big hands, right? 
 Yeah. 
 Lucky you. 
 Well, this will never fit him. I put it on too tight. 
 Um, we need to find someone like... Like... oh, that guy. 
 ♪ 
 Yep. He's got big wrists... Big, terrifying wrists, ones that could snap me like a twig. 
 Yeah, I think he uses them to strangle bears. 
 (Exhales deeply) 
 Carrie... 
 May Madonna be with you. 
 Amen. 
 ♪ 
 Hi. Excuse me. 
 Uh... I was wondering if you might be willing to part with your bracelet for a couple of minutes? 
 See, my boyfriend is stuck on the other side of the V.I.P. line. 
 He was supposed to be on the list, but for some reason, he isn't, which totally sucks, because tonight was supposed 
 to be a special evening for us. 
 I mean, really special. Like, you know what I mean. 
 And I'm starting to think he's getting annoyed with me because I dragged him here and because he told me he loved me this past week, and I've been trying to find the perfect time and place to say it back, which I thought it was tonight, only now... 
 Stop. 
 Yes, I'm sorry. I will shut up. I'm sorry. 
 Me and my boyfriend kissed for the first time to Madonna's "burning up." 
 And I'm a sucker for a love story. 
 My boyfriend runs the V.I.P. area. 
 Let me talk to him. 
 
 
 
 Thank you. 
 And while I was relived to have regained control... Mouse felt like she had completely lost it. 
 Okay. Enough of this. 
 Huh. Where are you going? 
 I have somewhere to be. 
 So you don't wanna talk or hang out more? 
 We could just lie here. 
 Of course that's what you'd like me to do. Just lie here and be distracted. 
 It's not going to happen, Buster. I have things to do. 
 (Door closes) 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 It figures you'd be reading a book about cancer. 
 Ms. Doom and Gloom and her sister tiny dancer. 
 Not that I care what you think, but it's a book about s*x. 
 Well... color  me  interested. 
 A book about s*x and an outfit that doesn't scream "hate me." 
 Does little Bradshaw have a man? 
 You  do.  Good for you. 
 What's your name again? 
 Dorrit. 
 Funny name. You can carry it though. 
 Thanks. 
 So you're all dolled up for your new man. 
 Are you seeing him tonight? 
 I'm not dressing like this for him. 
 Why not? I always change for the guys I'm with. 
 I once went goth for three weeks for this one guy, but it was a horrible look for me. 
 Take my advice. 
 Boobs and an army jacket do not work. 
 So what guy are you wearing that bag for? 
 The coach bag is for me because it is gorgeous. 
 Oh. 
 Doesn't changing for a guy kinda make you a little pathetic? 
 Like you're giving away your power or something? 
 You're not giving up control. You're  taking  control. 
 Relationships are transactions. 
 I give you cleavage and legs up to here. 
 You buy me dinner. 
 I give you s*x. I take... (Laughs) Well, everything. 
 Circle of life. 
 But isn't giving it up, well, giving it up? 
 In my experience, it's the opposite. 
 Once they have s*x with you, they're hooked. 
 Yeah, I think that's probably just for you. 
 Maybe. s*x is fun. It isn't love. 
 Just remember that, and you will be fine. 
 And be safe. We don't need any more curly haired crazies running around this town. 
 Agreed. 
 Smart girl. 
 ♪ 
 Got you a little present. 
 Did you have to do anything illegal to get me that? 
 Do you really wanna know? Not if I'll have to testify. 
 Look, I'm really sorry about leaving you alone. 
 I mean, I'm the one who dragged you to this party. All my friends are here. You don't know anyone. 
 Are you kidding? I had my Scottish friend here to keep my company. 
 I know. I just hate being taken to parties where I don't know anyone, and I didn't want you to feel that way. 
 You know? 
 Carrie, I wouldn't feel that way if you didn't keep bringing it up. 
 Seriously, it's fine. I'm not afraid to be on my own. 
 So can we drop it? 
 Yeah. Sure. Okay. 
 Now what do you say we stop with all the apologies and worrying and go have fun? 
 Yeah. Sounds good. 
 (Sets down glass) 
 Still sorry, though. 
 (Whispers) Stop it. 
 And while I led Sebastian into the V.I.P. area, my dad was being led somewhere exclusive as well. 
 And... this is my bedroom. 
 I used to have a waterbed until my son decided to jump on it wearing his cleats. 
 (Chuckles) Waterbed, huh? 
 I always wanted to sleep on one of those. 
 Well, how do you feel about a posturepedic, which is what I have now? 
 Posturepedic, huh? 
 That sounds... 
 So... 
 You know what? There's really no way to make that sound sexy, is there? 
 Not really. 
 Let's go back to talking about that waterbed. 
 That was more fun. 
 Uh... Wh-what are you doing? 
 I am totally reading this situation all wrong, aren't I? 
 Oh! I'm such an idiot. I never should've listened to Harlan... 
 Tom. 
 I'm kidding. 
 (Laughs) 
 Still an easy target, huh? 
 (Whispering) Yes. 
 Yeah. 
 Why are we still talking? 
 I could use another drink. You want anything, Bradshaw? 
 Oh, you don't have to do that. I can get the drink. 
 I can handle it. What do you want? 
 Surprise me. And when you get back, I promise we'll spend some time together, just the two of us. 
 Now that sounds amazing. 
 (Madonna's "borderline" playing) 
 Bennet, hey. 
 I can't talk right now, Carrie, okay? 
 I just found out Madonna's about to leave, which means this place is going to clear out in, like, four minutes, six tops. 
 And there's no after party. 
 There's  always  an after party. 
 The party will still be fun. 
 No, the party will be over. 
 O-v-e-r. 
 And I haven't even gotten all my quotes yet. 
 I-I thought there'd be more time, but there are just too many people for me to talk to myself. 
 Maybe you could help me. 
 Oh, I totally want to. Totally. But... I don't want to abandon Sebastian again. 
 I'm worried he might be a little pissed at me. 
 Just to clarify, any quotes you can get would go in the magazine, "reported by Carrie Bradshaw"" 
 my own byline? 
 Suddenly, I saw an opportunity... One I couldn't afford to pass up. So I decided to take control. 
 I'm your girl. 
 Seriously? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Great. Okay. You see that guy over there in the booth? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 That's Billy Steinberg. 
 He wrote the lyrics to Madonna's "like a virgin"" if you could just get a quote from him... 
 I mean, something, anything... I would totally owe you. 
 Okay. On it. 
 Thanks, darling. You are a lifesaver. 
 All right, I'm off to talk to the costumer about crinoline. 
 I didn't have time to feel guilty. I had a quote to chase. Sebastian and my own byline? 
 It would truly be a perfect evening. 
 Oh! 
 (Liquid splashes) 
 Where are you off to in such a hurry? Hot date? 
 Sebastian, I'm sorry. 
 I-I just have to go take care of a work thing. 
 Oh, you really  were heading off somewhere, and here I was joking. 
 Well, I'm sorry. Bennet was in a bind, so he asked me to do a favor for him, 
 and it might really help my writing career. 
 You have a career now? 
 Well, a future one, if I get this quote. 
 Do what you have to do, Bradshaw. 
 You sure? 
 I'm not afraid to be on my own. 
 I already told you that. 
 Okay. I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. 
 I know. You told me a hundred times. 
 ♪ Keep pushing me, keep pushing my love ♪ 
 ♪ You keep on pushing my love ♪ 
 come on, baby,  come on, darling ♪ 
 ♪ Over the borderline, 
 borderline ♪  ♪ yeah 
 Really? So no one like the title? 
 No one. 
 I even had to convince tom, my writing partner, that it's a lyric we should stick with. 
 So why did you stick with it? 
 Because that's how I felt. 
 New love makes you feel like you're being touched for the first time, like you're a virgin, like it's perfect. 
 Have you ever felt that before? 
 I feel that now... With my boyfriend. 
 He's here waiting for me. 
 But what are you doing here with me? 
 Oh. Leaving. Is that okay? 
 I wrote the song. 
 I believe in it. 
 Go get touched like it's the first time. 
 Little did he know, it would be. 
 Thank you. 
 (Sniffles) 
 (Rattles) 
 (Sighs) 
 (Toilet flushes) 
 Hi. 
 Hey. Hey, buddy. 
 You looking for the bathroom? 
 Uh... yeah. 
 It's in there. 
 Thanks. 
 I'm tom. 
 Dylan. 
 'Kay. Night. 
 (Pants flap) 
 (Switch clicks) What's going on? 
 Oh, not much. I, uh, I just ran into your kid out in the hallway. 
 And I was naked. 
 Oh, God. 
 Is he okay? 
 I don't know. 
 He just... He walked back to his room like this kind of thing happens to him all the time. 
 Does  this kind of thing happen to him all the time? 
 No. He must have been sleepwalking, I hope. 
 God, he never wakes up. 
 I honestly just can't believe you would let a man spend the night here while your son 
 was under the same roof. I thought you told me that your ex was taking him for the night. 
 He was, until he flaked on me. 
 Look, I thought about canceling, but I really like you, and with our schedules, I wasn't sure 
 when I'd get my chance to see you again. 
 Look, you of all people should understand how challenging it is to be a single parent. 
 It is not that challenging. 
 How about just... 
 Don't have s*x in the house while your kid is in it? 
 Okay. That's it. 
 You need to leave. 
 I am doing the best that I can here, buddy. 
 And I don't need to be judged by the likes of you. 
 I didn't mean to judge. 
 Look, I-I can stay longer if you wanna talk about it more. 
 Oh, let me think about that. Um, I'm a single mother who doesn't get enough sleep, so no. 
 I don't need you to stay so we can talk about it. You can let yourself out. 
 Hey. 
 You're here kinda late. Is everything cool? 
 I finished the book. 
 You read faster than I do. 
 I don't know anyone who reads faster than me. 
 I'm fast at a lot of things. 
 You mad at me or something? 
 Did you give me that book so I'd want to have s*x with you? 
 No. 
 Maybe. 
 Does that make me a horndog? 
 Makes you smart. 
 I've been thinking about it a lot. 
 You have? 
 Yeah. 
 You know what? I have, too. 
 And you've been through so much this year with your mom and everything, and I know you don't show it, 
 but you feel everything. 
 You're vulnerable, and I don't wanna hurt you by taking advantage of that. 
 You wouldn't be. 
 I want to. 
 You don't know what you want. 
 A month ago, I sat in my room all day just waiting to see if anybody would wonder where I was 
 or what I was doing. No one ever came...Or cared... For nine hours. My family never even checked on me. 
 I would have. 
 I know. 
 (Door creaks) 
 I've been looking everywhere for you. 
 What are you doing here? 
 This is the meeting of the astronomy club. 
 I am the President, and I'm very busy. 
 Doing what? 
 Presiding over this club... Of one... me. 
 Well, I've always to know more about the stars. 
 So why don't you tell me something about astronomy? 
 The crab nebula is visible tonight. 
 I've never seen the crab nebula. 
 This is nice. 
 I don't really care about astronomy. 
 Oh. 
 (Sighs) 
 I don't get it. You don't like me? 
 No, worse. 
 You're repulsed by me? Worse. 
 I can't control myself when I'm with you. 
 I've been down this road before, and I ain't going there again. 
 Is this because of your ex? 
 Seth. 
 He was the first boy I ever had s*x with. Ever loved. 
 What happened? 
 I blew my G.P.A. Up and lost number one in the class to you. 
 Meeting adjourned. 
 That was amazing. 
 It was the perfect quote, which means I might get my first byline in the magazine. 
 My name in "Interview"" seriously, if you would have told me this a year ago, I never would have believed you. 
 This might end up being the best night of my life. 
 That's why this is the best night of your life? 
 Because of the magazine? 
 This was supposed to be a night about us. 
 It is about us. 
 No. You pretty much just made it a night about  you. 
 Are you serious? I mean, sure, I helped out a friend with some work and then caught a lucky break, 
 but if anything, I feel like I spent the entire night worrying about you. 
 I'm fine, Carrie. 
 I've been fine. 
 I never asked you to take care of me. 
 You never ask. I always have to dig things out of you. 
 I mean, you basically denied you were annoyed with me the entire night when you really were. 
 Because you kept getting distracted by everything else. 
 I didn't care about the party or the V.I.P. room. 
 I just wanted to be with you. 
 You kept saying you were fine. 
 You're always doing that... 
 Putting up walls, and then leaving me to figure out how to take care of you. 
 I can't believe you're the one saying I never tell  you  my feelings. 
 It's not like you told me yours. 
 Sebastian. 
 Seriously? I told you I loved you a week ago. 
 I kept thinking you were waiting to tell me you loved me because you're such a perfectionist. 
 That... that's not true. 
 Then why didn't you say it? 
 Is it because you don't feel it? 
 No. 
 Then why? 
 Because I wanted the moment to be perfect. 
 That doesn't make me a monster. 
 God, you just can't let anything be real, can you? 
 Most people, when they feel something, they say it. 
 That's what I did. 
 Well, now I can't say it because you're just gonna think 
 I'm saying it because I have to. 
 Why do you have to think so much about everything? 
 Because that's who I am, and obviously you don't like that or the choices I make or what's important to me, 
 so if that's the way you feel, then maybe we should just break up. 
 Once again, I had lost control of my mouth. 
 I could only hope Sebastian was in control of his. 
 Well, if that's what you want, fine. 
 It's always about what you want, anyway. 
 I never even told him 
 I love him, mouse. 
 And I do... so much. 
 Maybe you could call him, tell him you made a mistake. 
 He let me break up with him. He didn't fight for me. 
 Well, maybe he was afraid to. 
 I think that's why 
 I said it in the moment... 
 That we should break up. 
 Like if it was going to happen, 
 I wanted to control it and make it hurt less. 
 And? 
 Like I'm in physical pain. 
 I'm sorry. 
 And I get it. 
 It'll get better. 
 When? 
 Not soon enough. 
 (Dishes clattering) 
 Listen, I'm... I'm sorry I ran out on you last night. 
 Uh, I kicked you out. 
 Yeah, but you wouldn't have done that if I hadn't tried to run out on you in the first place. 
 I should have been more sympathetic. 
 Of course I know how hard it is to date when you have kids. 
 I mean, obviously, I'm new to the situation, but I get it. 
 Anyway, I'm... 
 Pretty sure I've screwed all this up, and it's too late, but for what it's worth, I apologize. 
 And I totally understand you not wanting to see me again, but I hope at least now, you know, 
 when we bump into each other, it would be hideously awkward. 
 Tom. 
 Look, just wait. 
 Yeah? 
 Look, uh, we're dating, and that means we're gonna fight. 
 We are? 
 Yeah, of course we are. 
 I don't know. Dating? 
 I mean, we made out in my car, had coffee a couple of times. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm a little rusty. 
 What would you call that? 
 Dating. 
 I'm messing with you. 
 I'm an easy target, aren't I? 
 No. Just right. 
 Boy, dating sure looks a lot different than when we were young, huh? 
 (Chuckles) Some things are scarily similar. 
 Instead of sneaking around, trying not to bump into somebody's parents, I'm hiding from their kid. 
 And on that note, uh, if we are gonna keep dating, 
 I promise next time, I will get a babysitter. 
 Okay. 
 Okay. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Are you kidding? 
 It's Saturday. 
 That means two things... 
 That my brother's watching "smurfs" on TV, and I hit the gardening club. 
 You can set your watch to it. 
 Ha ha. 
 What? I can't be into gardening, too? 
 No one's into gardening, especially on a Saturday morning. 
 Okay, maybe I'm not into gardening, but I'm into the President of the gardening club. 
 West. 
 Ah, just the two students I was hoping to run into. 
 Hi, Mr. Sperry. 
 Hey there. 
 So... I gather you two were both here awfully late last night. 
 We... were. 
 And I gather you spend a lot of productive private time together? 
 Uh... 
 Mr. Sperry, we can explain. 
 Explain? You don't have to explain anything. 
 I read the minutes. 
 Minutes? 
 As secretary of the U.S.A. for Africa and astronomy clubs, it's my job to make sure the faculty advisor 
 gets all the minutes from the meeting. 
 But you already knew that. 
 First, you both stay here late dealing with the chocolate bars for U.S.A. for Africa, then you two 
 single-handedly resuscitate the astronomy club, and by the looks of it, the gardening club is next? 
 I am gonna write you both one hell of a recommendation for college. 
 (Laughs) What was it you were telling me about how dating me would get in the way of your grades and your college applications? 
 West, I don't know. 
 Do you like me? 
 If you say no, I will leave you alone, I promise. 
 No. I don't like you. 
 I don't believe you. 
 No fair. You said you'd leave me alone. 
 Fine. 
 I do like you. 
 So what? 
 So... I like you, too. 
 Does anything else really matter? 
 Yes. Lots of stuff matters. 
 What are you, an idiot? 
 Come on. One date. 
 You know I'm not gonna leave you alone until you say yes. I'm gonna bug you so much 
 that I will seriously mess up your grades. 
 You're gonna have to go to Cornell or something. 
 Fine. 
 One date. 
 (Chuckles) I knew it. 
 You're into me. 
 We should probably keep it down. 
 I don't want my dad to know I snuck you up here. 
 Not a Judy Blume in sight. 
 Oh. Those are over there, next to all my "little house" books. 
 One look at this shelf, you'd never guess I was a rebel. 
 I'm just too lazy to bother, and I secretly love my cabbage patch kids. 
 I love all your secrets. 
 You don't think they're scary and weird? 
 I think they're a part of you. 
 So no. 
 Even how I smell my hair when I'm nervous or thinking? 
 Well, I think that's just cute. 
 Really? 
 Really. 
 I'm glad we're gonna do it. 
 (Chuckles) 
 That's really weird hearing you say that when your dolls are staring at me. 
 Don't worry about them. 
 They're total pervs. 
 They like hearing about doing it. 
 (Chuckles) 
 (Both chuckle) 
 (Fay Wolf) ♪ I was beat, 
 incomplete ♪ 
♪ I'd been had 
 ♪ I was sad and blue 
 ♪ But you made me feel 
 ♪ Yeah, you made me feel 
 ♪ I had nothing to hide 
 ♪ Like a virgin 
 1044 
 00:41:34,351 --] 00:41:36,502 
 ♪ Touched 
 for the very first time ♪ 
♪ Like a virgin 
 ♪ When your heart beats 
 ♪ Next to mine 
 ♪ Touched 
 for the very first time ♪ 
♪ Next to mine 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 