Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - Hungry Like the Wolf - The Carrie Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - Hungry Like the Wolf https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=99&t=9799 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/20/14 19:04 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - Hungry Like the Wolf 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Before there was s*x before there was the city, there was just me, Carrie Carrie Bradshaw from Castlebury, Connecticut. 
 Hey! Martin is a good friend of my ex Eric. 
 So you haven't heard? Eric is dying of AIDS. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I knew this was gonna be hard, coming out. 
 So what are you saying? I can't do this. 
 I called my dad this morning. 
 We both agreed that our relationship probably works better long-distance. 
 (Carrie) Am I in the right place? I just fixed up the place a little bit, put my own stamp on it. 
 You joined the army?! - You have to help me out of this. 
 I'm going to come up with a plan. 
 I'm going to find your file and rip it up myself. 
 Just what the hell do you think you're doing? Do you wanna take our names? Just yours. 
 And your number? I think there's a market out there that hasn't been tapped into. 
 Like shoes, clothes, all based on skate culture. 
 I'm really excited about this, Carrie. 
 Well, then that sounds uh, sick. 
 (Chuckles) Originally Aired January 17, 2014 (Hip-hop music playing) I love this park. 
 Where else do break dancers, drug dealers, and dog walkers find so much common ground? Let's not forget N. 
 Y. 
 U. 
 students. 
 Mm, no. 
 Let's forget. 
 It's actually diabolical that colleges send out their acceptance or rejection letters during spring break. 
 There's just not enough distractions. 
 You don't need a distraction. 
 You're getting into N. 
 Y. 
 U. 
 Or not. 
 Hmm, lucky for us, it looks like there's a distraction right at our feet. 
 What do you think it is? Art installation? Skateboarders? Maybe that kung fu stand-up comedy guy? (Laughs) Whatever it is, I'm sure it'll get my mind off this dog-eat-dog world of college admissions. 
 (Camera shutter clicking) Oh. 
 Is that a Hawk? Is it eating a A pigeon? Yeah. 
 I'm not sure whether to throw up or take a picture. 
 (Cameo's "Word Up!" playing) Word up everybody say (hawk screeches) when you hear the call you've got to get it underway ow! It was totally the last thing you'd expect to see in the middle of a chic, sophisticated city like New York. 
 An animal eating another animal. 
 And and two birds, no less. 
 Hmm. 
 It's bird-eat-bird out there. 
 (Chuckles) Well, I don't know if you noticed, Carrie, but that kind of thing happens in they all the time. 
 It's kind of a savage place. 
 Dad, it's not like it's the 1970s anymore. 
 They caught son of Sam. 
 Or did they? I'm just saying. 
 I'm just saying you kinda have to develop a killer instinct to survive in Manhattan. 
 I mean, here, I'm a pretty nice guy. 
 But in the city, especially before I go into a negotiation, (inhales deeply) I have to put on a different face. 
 I am a lean, mean killing machine. 
 Seriously, dad? No one would ever buy that. 
 What? That I'm a nice guy? That you're a killing machine. 
 Well, I am. 
 (Chuckles) (Mail slot creaks, mail thuds) The mail's here. 
 (Paper rustles) It's from N. 
 Y. 
 U. 
 , and it's big. 
 Big is good. 
 Or maybe it's a really long rejection letter. 
 Everyone knows whatthick. 
 (Sighs) Aah! I got in! Oh! That's great! Oh! That's so good. 
 I guess now you're gonna have to develop that Manhattan killer instinct after all. 
 Well, maybe it's that way at the law firm, but I'm going into the writing program. 
 In the creative fields, we're a lot more supportive of each other. 
 I'm gonna tear Bennet's body limb from limb. 
 Where the bloody hell is he? This is the fifth day in a row he's blown off work. 
 Maybe he's sick? He left a message saying that he was out late interviewing someone. 
 Oh, bollocks! Bennet was out late clubbing, which I'd understand if he was getting good material. 
 But he's not. 
 He has gone through a lot. 
 He and Walt broke up, and he found out his ex-boyfriend has AIDS. 
 I guess he's just blowing off a little bit of steam. 
 Look, I feel for Bennet. 
 I really do. 
 I mean, I go to three funerals a month these days. 
 Which is why I gave him some time off to deal, but it's been weeks. 
 And I'm starting to feel taken advantage of. 
 So, if you see Bennet, tell him I want his 500 words on parachute pants by end of day, or he is out on his ass. 
 He will do it. 
 I promise. 
 Bennet, it's Carrie, again. 
 Larissa is expecting the parachute pants piece on her desk by 6:00. 
 So, call me. 
 (Receiver clatters) What you doin'? Working. 
 Or trying to. 
 More like trying to get Bennet to do his work. 
 Didn't show up again? No, and I can't reach him. 
 I'm starting to worry. 
 Well, you might have to worry about Bennet, but you don't have to worry about me anymore. 
 I got a new job. 
 That's great. 
 What are you doing? Looking for this little guy. 
 How exactly is looking for a parakeet a job? It pays 500 bucks. 
 Tax-free. 
 You actually think you're gonna find that bird? I've got a good eye, and I'm quick on my feet. 
 I used to catch the flamingos that ran away from my Uncle's farm in Florida. 
 Your Uncle raised flamingos? And made crank. 
 (Exhales) Anyway, can I use your copy machine or what? Yeah, sure. 
 But how are you gonna get the reward if you just make more flyers? Oh, no, I'm making new flyers with my name and number on 'em and lowering the reward to $50. 
 If someone else finds him, they'll get something. 
 It's win-win for everyone. 
 Except I win an eensey bit more. 
 I seriously doubt that tiny bird is going to survive long on the streets of New York. 
 I mean, I saw a hawk eating a pigeon in Washington Square Park. 
 And a pigeon is easily ten times the size of your bird. 
 All the more reason I could use a little help. 
 So what do you say? (Singsongy) That $50 could be yours. 
 Mm, I'm gonna have to pass. 
 I have my own bird to save Bennet. 
 And a much better chance of success. 
 Suit yourself, but it doesn't sound like your bird's gonna do his work anytime soon. 
 Oh. 
 (Chuckles) Oh Maybe I can do it for him. 
 While I was helping out a friend, one of my other friends was looking for advice. 
 So, I have to figure this out ASAP, since Pete is coming into town for three days of spring break Which one should I go with? The white or the black? 'Cause white says, "sexy, but innocent"" and black says, "hot Maybe a little dangerous"" ooh, or Should I go with the red? (Man) got to have ya, yeah What do you think it says? "Spicy mama"? Um, it's hard to pick. 
 They all say such different things. 
 I think they all say the same thing Slutty and needy. 
 Why does it seem like she is always around these days? Maggie, Donna's an expert on all things male, and right now you could use all the help you can get. 
 What do you mean, I can use all the help I can get? Because you have terrible instincts when it comes to s*x. 
 Look, she's harsh, but she's telling the truth. 
 You do tend to confuse s*x and love. 
 (Door opens, bells jingle) We just wanna help you with Pete. 
 He just seems so great and (Door closes) And we don't want you to screw it up with him, too. 
 I mean, I don't care either way, really. 
 But I'm guessing military man might have some hot friends. 
 And I will expect one in return for the words of wisdom I dole out. 
 So what should I do? Wear ugly underwear like granny panties and don't shave your legs. 
 What's that gonna do other than gross him out? It's not for him. 
 It's for you. 
 It'll force you to keep your pants on. 
 So he won't see your stubbly legs or your control top. 
 Or your period underwear. 
 Mouse, let me handle this. 
 Right, right, of course. 
 You need to create a situation where you won't just hop into bed with him the minute he gets here. 
 But I'm attracted to him. 
 I wanna have s*x with him. 
 Except it kind of feels like after you have s*x with a guy You totally blow it. 
 So (Singsongy) No s*x for you. 
 Well Most guys won't wait forever. 
 How long am I supposed to do this? Until he really likes you for you, instead of because you're slutty. 
 Okay, that was too harsh. 
 Mm. 
 Sadly, she's probably right. 
 (Horn honking in distance) Have you seen Bennet this morning? No, I guess he was working late on the parachute pants piece. 
 Did you get it? - I did. 
 And I wanted to tell him it's the best piece he's written in months. 
 You liked it? I mean, it is? If you talk to him, tell him I'm impressed. 
 I sure will. 
 Maybe even call him and let him know. 
 You bet. 
 I will do that. 
 I will call him. 
 It dawned on me that someone else was getting credit for my work. 
 And I realized I didn't like it. 
 (Horn honking in distance) Is it awful that I'm a little bitter that I did all the work and Bennet got all the credit? You have to look at it like loaning money. 
 You shouldn't do it if you need it back, 'cause then it'll just make you mad if they don't pay you. 
 Which, is pretty much always. 
 When you do something generous, you can't want anything in return. 
 I worry that maybe I'm not as good a person as you are. 
 I mean, isn't that why they call it a loan? Not a gift? What if Larissa hadn't liked it? Would you be willing to take the blame? (Sighs) I don't know. 
 But the point is, she did like it a lot. 
 (Object thuds, faucet running) Are you expecting company or something? Huh? You keep straightening up and fussing with everything. 
 What's going on? My, uh, dad's coming to town. 
 He said he wants to come by, see me, check out the loft. 
 Really? How long's he in New York? I don't know. 
 He was never much on the details. 
 Do you know why he's here? It's it's nice he's coming by to see the place. 
 I'm guessing for business, but he didn't say. 
 Knowing him, he'll probably forget to show up like he always does. 
 Emily Dickinson said, "hope is the thing with feathers. 
 " And Sebastian wasn't the only one chasing it. 
 Samantha was, too. 
 Oh! (Papers rustling) Whoa, you okay? Yeah, it's just my flyers. 
 (Papers rustling) - There you go. 
 Thanks. 
 Guess you lost your bird, huh? Well, he's not my bird. 
 But I'm trying to help find him. 
 His name's Gabriel. 
 I like that you're looking for a friend's bird. 
 That that's so Silly? I was gonna say nurturing. 
 Oh. 
 I've got a pretty good view of the neighborhood from my place if you want to try and spot him from there. 
 Oh (Chuckles) I couldn't. 
 I might have a bottle of rosÃ© in the fridge. 
 All right. 
 For Gabriel's sake. 
 Meanwhile, my dad was working on getting his own offer ready the business kind. 
 (Telephone ringing in distance) (Door squeaks) Oh, oh, no. 
 I thought I had a couple more minutes. 
 It's 11:00. 
 Oh. 
 Uh, you must be from Ritz, Siegel, and Cohen. 
 Penny. 
 Hi. 
 You must be Tim? - Tom. 
 Tom oh, I'm I'm so sorry. 
 I'm just chaos today. 
 (Thud) (Chuckles) Oh, no. 
 No, no, no! Um, c-can I help? Uh, no, I'm good. 
 Uh, maybe if you tell me what you're looking for, I think Uh, my glasses! I'm always losing them, and I can't find them anywhere. 
 Um Huh? (Gasps) (Laughing) (Laughs) Oh, sorry. 
 I'm sure this wasn't what you were expecting to be dealing with this morning. 
 I'm new to this deal, and I overslept so It's been kind of a total disaster of a morning for me. 
 I hate when this happens. 
 Does it happen a lot? Yeah, uh, why don't you just take a minute and, uh, uh, get yourself organized? I won't start without you. 
 Thank you. 
 (Chuckles) Ooh! Ow. 
 Whoa. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Uh, no, no. 
 Here, let me. 
 Let me. 
 It's okay. 
 Oh, no. 
 Sorry! - It's okay. 
 It's okay. 
 (Papers rustling) Oh, God. 
 Oh, God. 
 I-I-I-I'm still wearing my contacts from last night. 
 Then why do you have your glasses? Why do I have my glasses? I'm wearing my contacts. 
 No wonder I couldn't see anything this morning. 
 Oh! And now my eyes are burning like crazy. 
 I'll be right back. 
 While my dad found he didn't really need his killer instincts like he thought, Maggie was working hard to keep her instincts in check. 
 Hi. 
 (Chuckles) Wow. 
 You're dressed up for a bus ride. 
 Yeah, I thought we could go out for dinner tonight, have a proper date. 
 Sure, I could eat. 
 If you wanna go home and change first, we could do that. 
 Why? I'm comfortable like this. 
 And you look great. 
 It's just I made a reservation at the Normandie Inn, and I'm not sure they allow jeans. 
 The Normandie Inn? That place is so romantic. 
 Yeah, that's what I heard. 
 I asked around, wanted tonight to be special. 
 So I thought we could take a walk around the lake, and then go grab dinner? You know what? I'm starving now. 
 But it's only 4:00. 
 The restaurant isn't even open yet. 
 That place isn't even that great. 
 The food's kind of fatty. 
 I have a way better idea. 
 You'll love it. 
 Wait. 
 You wrote my piece for me? Yeah, I also took your messages and scheduled three appointments for you for next week. 
 Uh, two restaurant openings and a benefit for the met. 
 Wow, Carrie, thanks. 
 That was really cool of you. 
 I owe you big-time. 
 You're welcome. 
 I just didn't want you to get in trouble with Larissa. 
 She really liked the piece, by the way. 
 Oh, that's terrific. 
 Look, if I can ever return the favor, let me know. 
 Hey, I'm I'm really grateful. 
 Okay. 
 Bennet. 
 Great piece on parachute pants. 
 Timely and funny. 
 I'm glad you liked it. 
 I worked really hard on it. 
 I should let you do all your work from home if that's the quality you turn in. 
 (Chuckles) Sounds good to me. 
 (Whispers) Hey. 
 You and I need to talk. 
 Now. 
 (Telephone ringing in distance) Did you seriously have to do that? Do what? Tell Larissa that you worked really hard - on the parachute pants piece. 
 I don't understand. 
 You're the one who told her I wrote it in the first place. 
 Yeah, but you didn't have to brag about it. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I thought I should probably act like I was proud of it, because if Larissa knew I hadn't written it (Imitates cutting sound) Okay, yeah, but would it have killed you to maybe have given me at least a little credit? I don't know. 
 Told her I was helpful - or did side research or something. 
 (Lowered voice) - Look, I really meant it when I said I was grateful. 
 I didn't mean to make it seem like I wasn't. 
 I'm just (Sighs) I'm not really picking up on things lately. 
 I think my head's foggy because I'm dealing with so much. 
 No, it's fine. 
 I'm being ridiculous. 
 I'm I'm sorry. 
 I totally get it. 
 Oh, I know you do, and that's what makes you such a great friend. 
 Just I can't be here. 
 It's too hard. 
 I just, I wanna go home and curl up and forget all my troubles. 
 Well, at least make sure you take some of your work with you. 
 I don't want you to get in any more trouble with Larissa. 
 Thanks, but I should be good tonight. 
 My calendar's clear. 
 I'm just gonna go home and crash. 
 Okay. 
 I still have some serious reservations about these projected earnings, especially considering your client's recent deal with Bell Atlantic. 
 Uh why? There's nothing wrong with that deal. 
 I've heard from reliable sources that it may not go through, which would change the stock valuation considerably. 
 I don't know where you're getting that information, but only a few people in the company have seen those internal numbers. 
 My job as Meridien's counsel is to know these things. 
 (Papers rustle) You worked me. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 That klutzy move with the papers You used it to grab my merger file. 
 That's why you know all the problems with the deal. 
 (Exhales) Must've gotten mixed up with mine. 
 An honest mistake. 
 (Scoffs) Look, Tom, you could get mad about this, make a big stink, but that would mean that you would have to tell your client that you let me see their confidential file. 
 I bet you don't even wear glasses. 
 Mmm. 
 Can't believe you're eating those. 
 (Mouth full) Yeah. 
 I told you, they're delicious. 
 Here. 
 Try some. 
 Maybe later. 
 (Chuckles) We're probably the only people on a date in this place, at 4:45 in the afternoon. 
 Yeah, well, I mean, you know, it's not really a date-type place. 
 But, buh I thought you'd wanna see where I hang out. 
 Yeah, of course. 
 Sure. 
 But it would be nice to have some alone time with you, too, if you want. 
 (Door opens, door bells jingle) Um, yeah, listen, Pete, I-I really Maggie?! I didn't know you were going to be here. 
 Yeah, I'm just getting some dinner with Pete. 
 You remember Pete, right? Of course! Great to see you again. 
 Hey, mind if I join you guys? I'm not interrupting, am I? No! Of course not. 
 We have plenty of room. 
 Scoot over Pete. 
 Ooh! Chili cheese fries! Awesome! Mmm. 
 Hey, Lyle. 
 Is that for Bennet? Yeah, it's tickets to the National Theater Ballet Gala for tonight. 
 He's going to be interviewing some Prima Ballerina for the magazine. 
 Oh, he must've forgotten. 
 He wasn't feeling well and went home to get some sleep. 
 Um, I just saw him at da Silvano about 20 minutes ago with a bottle of prosecco and a boy on each arm. 
 Are you serious? Yeah, that guy is screwing up right and left, and Larissa is gonna be pissed if he doesn't get to that gala tonight Or shows up drunk to it. 
 (Dialing) Hi. 
 I'm calling from "Interview" Magazine. 
 Right. 
 Uh, actually, we're sending a different writer instead. 
 Carrie Bradshaw. 
 Plus one. 
 (Classical music playing) (Indistinct conversations) Wow. 
 This place is splashy. 
 I know. 
 Bennet would love this. 
 I'm a terrible person. 
 What am I doing here? Uh, your job. 
 No, I'm doing Bennet's job. 
 I totally stole his assignment. 
 Maybe, I'll just do the interview and let him write the piece. 
 You're not stealing this. 
 He dropped it. 
 You just picked it up. 
 And I'm picking up these. 
 All right, now tell me again about the skinny bitch you're supposed to interview. 
 Amelia Strong. 
 She's a 17-year-old Prima Ballerina the youngest ballerina to ever play the black swan in "Swan Lake. 
 " Feels like the world is nothing but birds Swans, my little Gabriel. 
 Still haven't found him, huh? No. 
 But I did find a man while I was looking for him. 
 Oh, and did you get a reward for finding him? Yes, I did. 
 Several orgasms while calling out his name. 
 Elliot. 
 And he's adorable. 
 He's getting his PhD at N. 
 Y. 
 U. 
 In something science-y. 
 You learned that much about him? I thought you liked mystery when it came to your men? Normally, I do. 
 But with Elliot, my usual instincts just go out the window. 
 And I wanna nest. 
 He says it's because of his pheromones. 
 I'm not sure, but whatever it is, I'm drawn to him. 
 (Exhales) Oh, my God. 
 There he is! - Who? - Elliot! Maybe you are drawn to him. 
 Come on. 
 I'll introduce you to him. 
 Elliot! I didn't know you were a fan of the ballet. 
 (Kisses) Samantha. 
 And this is my friend Carrie. 
 Nice to meet you, Carrie. 
 Hey there. 
 Honey, are you going to introduce us? Uh, Samantha, Carrie, this is my wife Sally. 
 I mean, seriously. 
 Can you believe what that woman did to manipulate me? I don't know, dad. 
 You were the one who was lecturing us about the killer instinct. 
 Sounds like you just got played by someone with a better one than you. 
 Yeah, but she cheated! I mean, she she passed herself off as helpless, and then bam! She stole my files and used them against me. 
 It's a classic girl move, like when Carrie fake cries to get what she wants. 
 (Chuckles) Wait, what? She doesn't do that. 
 (Scoffs) Oh, please. 
 Like when she wanted to go into the city on a Thursday, and you said "No"? Couple tears and expressing of her feelings, and you said "Yes" just to get rid of her. 
 I'm a total sucker. 
 Pretty much. 
 
 
 
 Look, Carrie just uses what she has to get what she wants. 
 Same with this lawyer chick. 
 Oh, God, you're right. 
 Man. 
 I'm screwed. 
 Well, lucky for you, you have a daughter who's just as good at manipulating people as this lady is. 
 (Scoffs) Wait, what are you what are you saying? That you wanna to no. 
 No, no, no, no, no way. 
 Look, this lady is willing to get her hands dirty. 
 If you want to beat her, you have to fight fire with fire. 
 By using my own daughter? I'm not sure I'm ready to stoop that low. 
 And that's why it's perfect, dad. 
 You're uncomfortable with it because you're a nice guy. 
 She'll never see it coming. 
 You scare me sometimes, Dorrit. 
 I mean it as a compliment. 
 Sort of. 
 (Bach's "Concerto for 2 Violins in D Minor" playing) Are you sure you're okay? I'm totally fine. 
 So he's married. 
 So what? I don't do relationships anyway. 
 I know. 
 It just Sounded like you kinda liked him. 
 For s*x. 
 It was a fling. 
 We had a nice conversation about biology, but that's all it was really about for me Biology. 
 (Woman) Miss Bradshaw? Amelia's ready to speak to you now. 
 Now? Okay, uh, I'll be right with you. 
 I need to go do this. 
 Carrie, I'll be fine. 
 I'll go find myself a hunky What do you call a male ballerina? Ballerino? (Chuckles) I'll go find one of those, and I'll see if he wants to practice "The Nutcracker" - mmm. 
 Okay. 
 I gotta say, kid, this is a nice place. 
 You're making a real life for yourself. 
 I am. 
 And, uh, I-I've kinda been trying to start this company that makes clothing for skateboarders. 
 So that's been keeping me busy. 
 Wow. 
 You're an entrepreneur like your old man. 
 I guess I am. 
 Careful. 
 It can be tricky. 
 It's worth it, but you gotta take risks if you wanna make the big score. 
 That's actually why I'm here. 
 To talk about my investment? How'd you even Nah, to talk about mine. 
 So last year, I put some money in these high-yield bonds. 
 And (Chuckles) It didn't exactly pan out. 
 So I am light on liquid capital. 
 But I gotta get back in the game. 
 So I'm gonna have to borrow your trust fund. 
 Wait. 
 You came all the way here to ask me for my money? Well, that money is mine. 
 See, I gave it to you, so I can take it back. 
 Actually, legally, it's my money, which means I get to decide what happens to it. 
 Look, it's just gonna be temporary. 
 All right? Just to get the blood-sucking bankers off my back. 
 And what have they ever created? They're just living off of guys like me, and now they won't give me what I need to make it back. 
 Maybe they're worried you'll lose it again. 
 What, you think this is easy for me come here looking for help? It's not. 
 You know, I've always tried to be there for you. 
 I was off making the money, they money that is in that trust fund. 
 I guess I hoped that you'd be there for me now. 
 Well it's up to you now, isn't it? Excuse me, Amelia? Let me guess. 
 You want to audition, and you're looking for advice. 
 Well, I don't know what to tell you, except maybe lose 20 pounds and sleep with the choreographer. 
 Actually, I'm not a dancer. 
 I'm a journalist. 
 I'm from "Interview" Magazine. 
 They told me you were ready to talk to me. 
 Wait, you're from "Interview"? I'm sorry. 
 I didn't think you I mean, you're so young. 
 Well, I could say the same thing about you. 
 I'm 17. 
 In this business, that's about a year away from being pushed out. 
 And here I was, expecting I would have to talk to some old person. 
 Nope, just me. 
 Cool. 
 (Indistinct conversations) Look, I want to apologize. 
 No need. 
 It's just It's not what it looks like. 
 Oh, it's not? Because it looks like you're married. 
 Yes, but it's an open marriage. 
 We both want to be with other people. 
 Really? That's not just a lie so you don't look like a snake? No. 
 It's the truth. 
 And I'm sorry that I didn't mention it before. 
 Honestly, it's still sort of confusing, trying to figure out how to explain it to people. 
 I think it's intriguing. 
 Honey, we should probably get going soon. 
 Hi, Sally I should apologize for the way I ran off before. 
 I'm Samantha. 
 I'm having s*x with your husband. 
 (Crying) My wife doesn't usually meet the people I'm sleeping with. 
 Oh, dear. 
 (Exhales) Sorry about that. 
 (Sighs) It's fine. 
 We're both still a little shaky on the rules. 
 Got it. 
 Look, I should probably go talk to her. 
 But I meant what I said before. 
 I'd like to see you again. 
 So Let me know. 
 Sure. 
 Definitely. 
 Sure, they're throwing me a party now, but the ballet world is brutal. 
 The girl I'm replacing was out by 24, with busted knees and a torn groin muscle Oh, and anorexia. 
 So at least she was skinny. 
 That's awful. 
 You don't get many shots at this. 
 So when it comes, you have to claw for it Even if it destroys you. 
 Or you have to destroy someone else. 
 If she hadn't busted her knee, I wouldn't be here. 
 You don't feel bad about taking her place? By the time she left, I think she was done. 
 I mean, she didn't say that, but she started partying, not caring as much. 
 She was ready to go. 
 I have a friend who seems like he's doing the same thing. 
 Then maybe it's time for him to go. 
 Look, I know it's harsh, but that's this world and this city. 
 It's kill or be killed. 
 And I don't just want to survive. 
 I wanna thrive. 
 That's very Darwinian. 
 That's right. 
 It's the most natural thing in the world. 
 So you can't feel bad about it. 
 Amelia was right. 
 To make it in this city, you have to let your animal instincts take over. 
 And in that moment, I knew I was going to write this piece and thrive. 
 So you don't mind if I ask you a couple more questions? Of course. 
 And there's nothing you want me to take off the record? Nah. 
 This world is so screwed up. 
 Let people see it. 
 (Chuckles) Wow. 
 You got her to reveal so much. 
 Turns out we had a lot in common. 
 Well, I'm terribly glad this ended up on your desk. 
 I don't think anyone else could have written this but you. 
 Well done. 
 Thank you. 
 And I also noticed a certain linguistic similarity with Bennet's recent work. 
 Well - That's - Carrie, I'm not an idiot. 
 I know you wrote the parachute pants piece for him. 
 I just I really wanted to help Bennet out. 
 Stop worrying about Bennet. 
 Think about yourself. 
 Because this piece is going in the magazine under your name. 
 (Door bells jingle) Mouse! Have you seen Pete? Uh, no. 
 I thoughouyou guys were hanging out today. 
 Well, we were supposed to. 
 And then this morning, he called while I was out and told me my mom that he's leaving tonight. 
 And now I can't find him anywhere. 
 Okay, don't panic. 
 I'm sure he'll show up sooner or later. 
 Why'd I let you convince me to scare him off with my onion breath and my hairy legs? We were just trying to help, so you wouldn't make the same mistakes you kept making in the past. 
 Great, well, now you helped me right out of a boyfriend. 
 It's not too late, you know, to make your own mistakes. 
 How would I do that? Well, he took the bus here, right? So go down to the bus station and wait for him there. 
 And tell him what? Whatever your instincts tell you to say. 
 (Bell jingles) (Rapping on door) (Crowd cheering on TV) (Turns off TV) Oh, God. 
 That's probably my dad. 
 (Remote control clatters) (Sighs) (Door opens) Hey, Bennet. 
 What's going on? - I just got fired. 
 Oh, my gosh, are you serious? Oh, don't act so shocked, Carrie. 
 All the times I've watched "All About Eve," and I didn't even realize you were "All About Eve-ing" me. 
 What are you talking about? Me? I didn't want to get you fired. 
 I mean, I've been working my butt off to save your job. 
 Yeah? Well, nice work Taking my assignment and all. 
 Bennet, you vanished. 
 I couldn't reach you. 
 And apparently, you were out partying. 
 So what was I supposed to do? Not stab me in the back. 
 Thanks for being such a good friend. 
 (Door closes) I didn't mean to get him fired. 
 Oh. 
 Who are you? - I'm Dorrit Bradshaw. 
 I'm just waiting to meet my dad. 
 Oh, I didn't realize Tom had kids. 
 Yep, me and my sister. 
 Don't worry. 
 I won't be long. 
 I just need some money. 
 Got it. 
 (Sighs) Don't tell him, but he's super easy to manipulate. 
 A couple tears, and he'll give me pretty much whatever I ask for. 
 There's nothing men are more afraid of than a crying woman. 
 Or a woman who seems disorganized and overwhelmed. 
 I feel sorta bad for him, actually. 
 It's so easy to get what you want from him. 
 Don't feel bad. 
 (Folder thuds) Women have it tough out there, trust me. 
 (Folders rustling) Most men underestimate you. 
 But it sounds like you are working that to your advantage already. 
 Does "P & L" stand for profit and loss statements? Uh yeah. 
 Good. 
 Then I have the right one. 
 What are you doing? Giving this file to my dad. 
 It's funny. 
 You know what I've noticed? Some women underestimate other women, too Just because they're young. 
 Bye, daddy. 
 Bye, sweetie. 
 See you at home. 
 (Sighs) (Books thud) Feelin' like a sucker? Yeah, I know the feeling. 
 Well, that was a cheap trick using your daughter like that. 
 Oh, there's a lot of cheap tricks being played in this room. 
 Now, the way I see it, I can either go through these and find all of your clients' weak spots, or we can call it a draw and start over. 
 Negotiate the rest of the deal Mano a mano like real lawyers. 
 No cheating. 
 Fine. 
 You're on. 
 May the best lawyer win. 
 I still can't believe he got fired. 
 I mean, the whole time I was covering for him, I never thought Larissa would actually do it. 
 What is it you're not saying? (Sighs) Why can't you just admit it? Admit what? You knew Bennet was on shaky ground. 
 What'd you think was gonna happen when you took his story? That she'd yell at him or something? And I'm sorry, but Bennet was never actually going to that party, which means he would have been fired anyway. 
 I just seized an opportunity. 
 Anyone would have. 
 No. 
 A lot of people wouldn't. 
 I wouldn't. 
 Come on, Carrie. 
 Admit it. 
 You went for the jugular. 
 You wanted something so bad, you didn't care someone else might get hurt in the process. 
 It's not that simple. 
 I didn't mean for Bennet to get hurt. 
 But he did. 
 I don't expect you to understand. 
 You never had to claw your way to get something. 
 But if I'm going to be a writer, I'm gonna have to work my butt off - and fight for it. 
 Oh, come on. 
 It's not like you're some poor, struggling artist. 
 You're an intern at a magazine who lives with her father and doesn't have to worry about money or a roof over her head. 
 First off, I'm on my own after college, which is why I work so hard, and why I take opportunities when they come my way. 
 Not all of us get to live off a trust fund for the rest of our lives. 
 I'm not gonna be able to do that either. 
 Of course you are. 
 No. 
 My dad told me earlier. 
 He lost everything. 
 So I'm giving him my trust fund. 
 Why didn't you tell me this was going on? Because I was embarrassed. 
 You're right. 
 I've never had to worry about money. 
 I feel stupid even complaining about it. 
 I mean, other people have real problems. 
 Sebastian, this is real. 
 And you shouldn't feel bad talking about it. 
 Are you sure you want to give your trust fund to him? I don't think I can abandon him. 
 I guess I just don't have that killer instinct. 
 Aren't you worried he's gonna lose the money? Yes. 
 But you're still gonna give it to him? Well, I already invested $25,000 in the company. 
 Too late to get that back. 
 But Yeah, I'll give the rest to him. 
 I mean, it's his money anyway. 
 He made it. 
 What will you do? Will you have to move out? I don't know. 
 I mean, this place is rent-controlled. 
 If I sell my Porsche, that'll buy me at least six months. 
 Maybe by then, my investment will start to pay off. 
 I guess it's pretty scary, huh? I'm so sorry, Sebastian. 
 (Indistinct conversations) Pete? Pete! - Hi. 
 Maggie. 
 You seriously didn't have to come see me off. 
 No, I did. 
 No, you didn't. 
 I've got pretty good instincts when it comes to breakups. 
 They teach us situational awareness in boot camp. 
 You were sending some very clear signals. 
 No! No, I wasn't sending clear signals. 
 That's the thing. 
 Uh, you barely dressed up to see me, wouldn't even kiss me, and that diner - Kind of the opposite of romantic. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 I I've been trying really hard to keep you at bay so I wouldn't screw this up like I have my other relationships. 
 What are you talking about? It's just I've made a lot of mistakes in the past. 
 And I don't want to repeat them. 
 So I'm just gonna be honest with you and hope that you don't want to break up with me after I say all this. 
 The fact is, I sleep with people way too soon Or people who are just wrong for me and think it's love. 
 Because I totally confuse s*x with love, and then I get my heart broken or make huge mistakes. 
 And I really like you. 
 And I just couldn't handle it going down like that again. 
 You really like me? I'm crazy about you. 
 Well, I like hearing that because I love you. 
 What? But we never even You know. 
 But we've talked on the phone every night for, like, a month, and I love talking to you. 
 I love hearing what you have to say about everything. 
 And I don't want to rush the other stuff if it means you're gonna freak out. 
 Because I want this to be something. 
 So I'm fine with waiting, okay? Just, no more chili cheese fries. 
 They smell disgusting. 
 (Chuckles) - Deal. 
 (Chuckles) They say that the hallmark of a good negotiation is when neither side is particularly happy. 
 Well, then this was a very good negotiation. 
 My people will hate this deal. 
 Yep. 
 Mine, too. 
 You didn't need to pull that whole "helpless" act on me, you know? Sure, you say that now. 
 Seriously. 
 I mean, you're a killer negotiator. 
 You don't need tricks. 
 You've got skills. 
 Hmm. 
 You're not too bad yourself. 
 Oh, a word of advice, though - I'd keep an eye on that daughter of yours. 
 Are you kidding? I've completely given up on that one. 
 (Chuckles) You know, I'm almost sad this negotiation is over. 
 Why? I was just starting to enjoy your company. 
 Same here. 
 What do you say you and I bill our clients for another two hours? Let's make it three. 
 (Briefcase thuds, folders clatter) (Clicking) Oh, hi. 
 What are you doing here? Looking for you. 
 Uh, I followed the flyers. 
 Well you found me. 
 So unless you're gonna help look for Gabriel, I'm kind of busy. 
 Well, you know You know, I was serious the other night. 
 I mean I'd love to see you again. 
 If you're interested. 
 I am interested. 
 But that's the problem. 
 (Sighs) I don't understand. 
 How how is that a problem? Look, first off It feels a little like you and your wife haven't totally worked out the open marriage thing. 
 So that's a little more complicated than I'd like. 
 And second if I have to be honest, I like you. 
 Which means I don't want to share you with anyone. 
 Oh. 
 I'm sorry, Elliot. 
 This is really weird for me. 
 I'm used to having s*x with whoever I want whenever I want, not settling down with one guy. 
 But sometimes your instincts change, and you just have to go with it. 
 (Bird chirping) Oh, my God. 
 Gabriel?! (Duran Duran's "Hungry Like The Wolf" playing) (Exhales) New York has a way of changing you Sometimes in ways you don't expect. 
 Darken the city night is a wire steam in the subway earth is afire do do do, do do do it's just a loan, you know? - I'll pay you back. 
 Sure, dad. 
 Woman, you want me give me a sign (Door opens) But it doesn't just harden you or bring out the animal in you. 
 It can also bring out the humanity. 
 Do do do do do do, do do do, do do do, do do (Chuckles) Oh, Gabriel. 
 Wait here. 
 Let me get my wallet. 
 No. 
 That's okay. 
 Oh. 
 And as our instincts change, so do our actions. 
 And sometimes the city simply brings out what's already inside of you A killer instinct which may be scary, or may just be about survival. 
 But sometimes it's hard to tell the difference. 
 It's a bigger desk. 
 No one's using it, and you would have your own computer. 
 Why don't you take it? I don't know. 
 It was Bennet's. 
 I'd feel weird. 
 Carrie It's not your fault, what happened to him. 
 It's Bennet's. 
 You did a good job. 
 You should own that. 
 Burning the ground P. 
 S. 
 someday you should ask Bennet how he got the job. 
 (Chuckles) Trust me, you'd feel even less guilty. 
 I smell like I sound I'm lost and I'm found and I'm hungry like the wolf strut on a line it's discord and rhyme (receiver clatters) I'm on the hunt, I'm after you mouth is alive Hi It's Carrie Bradshaw from "Interview" Magazine calling. 
 Hungry like the wolf 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 