Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Under Pressure - The Carrie Diaries 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Under Pressure https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=99&t=9766 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/06/14 08:02 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Under Pressure 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Before there was s*x, before there was the city, there was just me, Carrie Carrie Bradshaw from Castlebury, Connecticut. 
 Last night, Harlan and I Harlan Harlan? My dad's friend Harlan? Yes. 
 We're still together. 
 I am so smitten with you, I wanted to go out of my way to see your gorgeous face. 
 (Breathing heavily) (West) Really, I couldn't be happier that you got into Harvard. 
 Do you not love me anymore? Maybe I'm just exhausted from your endless need for competition. 
 (Garret) I've been wanting to move to Laguna full-time. 
 (Sebastian) I don't know, dad. 
 It's a done deal, Sebastian. 
 You're coming. 
 We can make long-distance work. 
 I refuse to say "Good-bye" because it's not good-bye. 
 Originally Aired January 3, 2014 (The Pretenders' "Don't Get Me Wrong" playing) It was a new year, and with a new year, there comes new pressures Like having my newly rekindled love living 3,000 miles away. 
 Hola! Marisol, um, is Sebastian there? Do you know when he'll be back? Okay. 
 Thanks. 
 My long-distance relationship was definitely not going gracefully. 
 Did Sebastian call? You just missed him. 
 It seemed like no matter how hard we tried (Dial tone) (Buttons clicking) to make time for each other (Line ringing) Something would intervene. 
 Hello? Oh, it's you! It's really you. 
 I can't believe it. 
 I know. 
 It was starting to seem like the world didn't want us to talk. 
 But the world did want us to talk. 
 And and here we are, talking. 
 Pretty great. 
 So great. 
 So tell me everything. 
 What have you been up to? How is it with your dad? (Automated female operator) Please deposit an additional 35 cents to continue this long-distance call. 
 No problem, Mrs. 
 Operator. 
 I've got my change purse right here. 
 No. 
 No, no, no. 
 No. 
 Your call will be disconnected if you don't deposit an additional 35 cents. 
 Carrie, do you have the money? - I-I thought (Line disconnects, dial tone) Hello?! Who can explain the thunder and rain No. 
 (Sighs) (Receiver clatters) Don't get me wrong Kinda have to get to my locker. 
 Let me guess Nerdling needs to study on her lunch break. 
 (Latch rattles) I don't have to study At all. 
 I got into Harvard. 
 Why so blue? Realizing your last cute boyfriend was West and you blew that? I mean, sure, it feels weird that we're not together, but it feels even weirder to have gotten into Harvard. 
 Why? I've been trying to get in since I came out of the womb. 
 And now I did. 
 Suddenly I'm a goal-less wonder. 
 What am I supposed to do till I attend in the fall? Kiss lots and lots of cute boys. 
 That's your job. 
 Apparently one I've done too well. 
 I realized today that the well of eligible bachelors in this school has run dry. 
 There's no way you've dated everyone. 
 I have. 
 What about David Leventhal? Or Kyle Newman? (Both laughing) Quiz Bowl and Mathletes over there do not count. 
 By "eligible," I mean hot. 
 And I've dated them all Even Walt, and he's gay. 
 It's gonna be a long bust of a spring semester. 
 Look at us Two girls with no purpose. 
 Positively shocking to think I have something in common with you. 
 (Locker door rattles) Tell me about it. 
 Well, well, well. 
 I spy with my little eye something very interesting. 
 (Mouse) I thought you said you dated every eligible guy. 
 It's Mini-Bradshaw. 
 Is she smiling? (Laughs) I've known her since she was 5. 
 I don't think I've ever seen her teeth before. 
 Finally some titillating boy intrigue. 
 I'm going in for a closer look. 
 Have fun with your books, nerd. 
 I wish I could. 
 I cannot believe you put an M-80 in Mr. 
 London's mailbox. 
 That must have been so awesome. 
 It popped right off the post. 
 Went like at least 10 feet in the air. 
 It was pretty rad. 
 Totally rad. 
 (Giggles) I gotta get going. 
 I'll catch you in chemistry? Not if I catch you first. 
 I mean, uh see ya. 
 Someone looks flushed. 
 So you got the hots for scruffy, huh? No. 
 Not really. 
 I mean, maybe. 
 Whatever. 
 So what if I do? Your sister would never have the guts to chase a bad boy, but you're different. 
 And since I'm feeling oh, so generous, I'm gonna give you some free advice. 
 Who says I need advice? And why are you so invested in my dating life? Wanted to see if my influence was potent enough to help you get your man, but you're not interested. 
 Wait. 
 I'm interested. 
 Well, you have two options. 
 One you could continue your sad little hallway flirtation for another six months and pray this goes somewhere. 
 What's option two? Create a casual, laid-back situation where you can get some time with your boy outside of these pathetic halls. 
 Like what? - Hello? Like a party. 
 He'll show up, be drunk or stoned 'cause that's what guys like scruffy do, and you'll make your move. 
 Is anybody having a party this weekend? Not my problem. 
 I gave you the advice, you have to take it from there. 
 (Scoffs) And please don't disappoint. 
 (Sighs) Dorrit was suddenly feeling the pressure to make something happen, while I was staring at something created by pressure. 
 What is that? It's my gargantuanly scrumptious engagement ring. 
 You're engaged? To who? Darling, don't be daft. 
 To Harlan. 
 Oh. 
 I thought that was just, like, - a s*x thing. 
 Mm, it is. 
 But we're also in the throes of a great love affair he with me, and me with this ring. 
 Wait, so you don't love him? J'adore him. 
 I just love the ring one tick more. 
 Well, I'm really happy for you. 
 Sadly though, it means my single life is now at a tragic end. 
 I'll have to subsist on tales of your deliciously tawdry exploits now. 
 I'm sorry to disappoint. 
 Oh, right. 
 You don't have deliciously tawdry exploits. 
 What I meant is Sebastian and I are still together. 
 Well, in three months when you are single, you'll have to dish. 
 In three months I'll still be dating Sebastian. 
 I know long-distance can be challenging. 
 Sorry, but the moment that taut, muscular goldilocks packed his bags, that relationship was doomed. 
 You're wrong about me and Sebastian. 
 We're gonna be You're gonna be the exception, yeah. 
 (Chuckles) That's what everyone says. 
 But first it's a few missed calls. 
 Then it's a few missed weekends. 
 Then you're not bothering to call at all. 
 Well, that's not gonna be us. 
 (Lowered voice) Or worse one of you moves for the other. 
 Why would that be worse? That would be great. 
 (Normal voice) Mnh-mnh. 
 Moving puts way too much pressure on the relationship. 
 After that, they start resenting you for every little thing that goes wrong. 
 (Chuckles) Ohh. 
 Next thing you know, you sleep with their brother, and they're shouting at you, "I moved for you! I moved for you!" Good God, man. 
 Relax. 
 Well, both of us are still in high school, so I don't think either one of us will be moving anywhere for each other. 
 So then it's the slow ride into no relationship for you two. 
 That's a shame. 
 (Sighs) Girls! Come on down! What's up, dad? This better be good. 
 You interrupted me doing nothing. 
 Well, I won't keep you long. 
 I know how much doing nothing means to you. 
 But I have been assigned to a highly confidential case this weekend. 
 I mean, Harlan won't give me many details that's how important it is but based on the secrecy, I am thinking Fortune 500 merger. 
 That's great. 
 Yeah. 
 I am officially back with the big boys. 
 Still wondering why I'm here. 
 You are here because by being put on this case, I'll be gone all weekend, which means I'll be leaving you girls alone in the house tomorrow night. 
 Now, Miss Meade will be checking in, and I'll have my cell phone with me, which means I'll be reachable at all times. 
 This is a test, and I expect you to handle it responsibly. 
 If not, Miss Meade will be right across the street to let me know. 
 We can handle it, dad. 
 I promise. 
 Brownnoser. 
 I'd totally have a party, but with Carrie here to be my buzzkill, I'll just go to Audrey's. 
 Fine. 
 I'll probably see a movie with Mouse. 
 Be home early. 
 Fun. 
 Sorry to miss it. 
 Okay, good. 
 Sounds like this is gonna work out. 
 But if you try to pull anything, - there will be hell to pay. 
 Got it. 
 Hear ya loud and clear. 
 No funny business. 
 Sebastian, my dad's out of town this weekend. 
 So get your butt on the next plane. 
 We have the whole house to ourselves. 
 (Chuckles) Huge party at my house tomorrow. 
 Yeah, tell everyone. 
 (Telephone rings) - Hello? - Hey, Mouse. 
 Still up for seeing "Out of Africa" tonight? Sebastian couldn't make it? When I finally got in touch with him, he said he'd already told Garret he'd go on a boating trip with him this weekend. 
 It was really short notice. 
 I guess I just hoped he'd make a huge romantic gesture and drop everything to be with me. 
 It's been almost a month since we've seen each other. 
 It's not like he lives around the corner. 
 Laguna is far. 
 I know. 
 I just Larissa kind of got in my head. 
 Maybe she's right. 
 Maybe I'll never see him again. 
 (Doorbell rings) That's probably Miss Meade coming to check in on me. 
 This is gonna be a fun day. 
 I'll be right with you. 
 One sec. 
 Miss me, Bradshaw? You came! (Chuckles) (Shrieks) Is that Sebastian? Yeah, bye. 
 (Shrieks and giggles) This is the best surprise ever. 
 And in that moment, I was sure Larissa knew nothing about me and Sebastian and long-distance love. 
 (Chuckles) (Door bells jingle) (Indistinct conversations) Hey. 
 Rager at my house tonight. 
 Sweet. 
 You should come. 
 You and your buddy, I mean. 
 It's gonna be huge. 
 Awesome. 
 We'll be there. 
 Okay. 
 Cool. 
 While Dorrit braced herself for an exciting evening, my dad was about to walk into some excitement of his own. 
 (Elevator bell dings) Hey. 
 Only, it wasn't the kind he was expecting. 
 I'm glad you could make it. 
 All right, so who's the client? M. 
 C. 
 I. 
 ? P&G? One of the Ma Bells? - Me. 
 Huh? And me. 
 (Chuckles) (Chuckles) I I thought I was here because of a big merger. 
 Well, you are. 
 One between me and my Nubian Princess. 
 I'm the princess, and I'm very Nubian. 
 (Chuckles) (Laughs) I'm leaving. 
 I might be able to get home in time to watch "Magnum, P. 
 I. 
 " Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. 
 Please. 
 You gotta do this. 
 Do what? Help us bang out a prenuptial. 
 I don't practice that kind of law. 
 You need a legitimate unbiased family lawyer to mediate this. 
 Not me. 
 Not a friend. 
 No, Tommy, I need you because you're my friend. 
 Look, this woman she is under my skin. 
 I'm head over heels for her. 
 If you're not here to protect my interests, I might give up everything. 
 Oh, come on. 
 We'll order dinner in from Oh, Shun Lee. 
 (Chuckles) On me. 
 You double my hourly rate, you got a deal. 
 (Clicks tongue) Sold. 
 (Both breathing heavily) (Exhales sharply) I know I said long-distance was fine, but honestly, I missed you so much, I physically hurt. 
 I felt the same way. 
 I didn't want to be without you anymore. 
 So your dad wasn't mad that you missed your boat trip? No. 
 He understood how much I wanted to see you. 
 (Chuckles) How long do you think you can stay? I'm not just here for the weekend, Carrie. 
 I'm here for good. 
 I'm moving back. 
 That's a good thing, right? Of course. 
 No, that's a a great thing. 
 It's just wow. 
 I I wasn't expecting that. 
 (Door opens in distance) - Did you hear something? - No. 
 (Door closes, indistinct conversations) Okay, yeah, I heard something. 
 (Girl speaking indistinctly) Oh, no. 
 I wonder if Dorrit came home. 
 Hey, when's your dad coming back? Hang on. 
 I'll be right back. 
 (Boy) Party! Let's do this! (Indistinct conversations) Brought the booze! Party's on! (Teens cheering) Dorrit?! (Indistinct conversations) It turns out Dorrit's home along with 15 of her closest friends. 
 Oh, boy. 
 (Chuckles) - I'll be right back. 
 (Twisted Sister) We ain't gonna take it no, we're not gonna take it (Sighs deeply) Anymore (Carrie) Many words have many different meanings. 
 For example "Rager," a slang term for an out-of-control house party (Sighs) Sorry. 
 And for the feelings I was having towards my sister. 
 So you lied about spending the night at Audrey's, huh? Looks like you lied, too. 
 You weren't even supposed to be here. 
 I planned on going to a movie with Mouse, and then Sebastian surprised me and that's not the point. 
 How could you let this happen? Dad's away. 
 It's a party. 
 What's your damage? My damage is I have Sebastian waiting for me upstairs and a beer-fueled apocalypse happening downstairs. 
 Have Sebastian come down. 
 He loves a party. 
 No. 
 He loves his girlfriend and wanted time with her alone time and you're ruining that. 
 Not much you can do about that now. 
 Oh, that's where you're wrong. 
 This party is finito! (Boy) Coming through. 
 Watch out! Are you kidding me? - I got the kegs! - Yeah. 
 Good luck with that, dork. 
 Mark my words, in five minutes, this place is gonna be empty. 
 (All) 15, 16, 17, 18 You got it, bro! (Cheering) Whoo! Ugh. 
 How did this happen? - Whoo! - Yes! Hey, hey, hey, hey! - Carrie! - Oh, Mouse! What are you doing here? I was at the diner when I heard a couple of kids talking about ordering, like, ten kegs to the Bradshaw house. 
 Oh, no. 
 More kegs? When they said Dorrit was having a party, I ran over here to warn you. 
 But judging by the look of things, - I'm a little late. 
 Yeah, just a bit. 
 Is this totally ruining your night with - Sebastian! - Hey, Mouse. 
 Long time no see. 
 (Pats back) Oh! I know. 
 So glad you're visiting. 
 Back for good, actually. 
 That's amazing and so exciting for you guys. 
 Yeah, nothing doing in Cali, and this feels right me and my Bradshaw. 
 Yeah. 
 It it's great he's back, isn't it? But right now I need to focus on getting these people ou this house. 
 Uh, Carrie, there's no stopping this. 
 Parties like these they just keep growing and growing. 
 Like mold. 
 Hey, so let's get outta here go to a hotel. 
 Have some time to ourselves. 
 Sebastian, I can't leave. 
 It's only a house party. 
 It's like a rite of passage for Dorrit. 
 Don't you want to be with me? Of course, but I have to make sure my house isn't destroyed, which is looking more and more likely. 
 Now if you'll excuse me, I think someone is trying to pee in that vase over there. 
 Hey, you! You! That's not a bathroom! As I tried to smooth over the disaster that had become my house, things were going surprisingly smoothly between Harlan and Larissa. 
 (Chuckles) Wow. 
 Dare I say, we are flying through this. 
 I told you this would be painless. 
 On to clause 38 Uh, both parties agree that there will be sexual intercourse every Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday mornings at 8:30 A. 
 M. 
 I prefer the term "Carnal Lovemaking. 
 " And don't forget Sundays at 5:00 P. 
 M. 
 Unless the Giants are playing. 
 Then it should be after the game, even if there's overtime. 
 Okay. 
 I will note it as such. 
 Uh, if either party fails to meet said requirement, they will be in breach of the spousal duties and responsibilities clause. 
 Perfect. 
 Swell. 
 Moving on to clause 39 In the event that Harlan commits any act of infidelity, Larissa will accept one baby tiger as penance for his wrongdoing? (Giggles) Seems equitable. 
 (Chuckles) But wait. 
 You you know that Harlan can't actually buy you a baby Uh (Mutters) I know people. 
 All right. 
 Uh, that concludes the fidelity portion of the agreement. 
 Last up the division of marital assets in the case of divorce. 
 No matter what happens, I keep all my Warhols. 
 Of course. 
 And I get to keep my race cars. 
 Mm, goes without saying, but should be in writing. 
 I keep my collection of exotic orchids. 
 And I keep my international p0rn collection. 
 Oh, uh, I'll miss that if we break up. 
 And if we split up, I get to keep my gorgeous bachelor pad. 
 I'm sorry, sweetheart, but You're gonna have to move out. 
 (Both chuckle) Under no circumstances. 
 Come again? But if we divorce, you want to keep my apartment? Absolutely not. 
 I have zero intention of moving in there at all. 
 Well, if you think I'm moving into your loft Don't be ridiculous. 
 (Chuckles) Uh, wait (Chuckles) Are you expecting that you and Harlan will get a new place together? I don't expect us to live together at all. 
 Huh? What do you mean, not live together? Isn't that a given? I mean, you're marrying him. 
 (Chuckles) Not for me, it isn't. 
 I will not live with him. 
 What the hell are you talking about? (The Outlets' "No Fun" playing) Cool party. 
 Sure. 
 Thanks for coming. 
 I'm Scott. 
 Great. 
 Nick's friend. 
 You invited us at the diner. 
 Right. 
 Right. 
 (Chuckles) You here with Nick? He said he's coming a little later. 
 Oh. 
 Okay, cool. 
 So how do you and Nick know each other? Uh, we played soccer together at Davis Middle. 
 We've been buds ever since. 
 Oh. 
 Nick's into sports? Not so much anymore, unless you consider partying a sport. 
 That's the only kind I like. 
 Who wants to get all rah-rah over something that makes you really sweaty? I run cross-country, so Then you're lame. 
 (Chuckles) You say it like it is. 
 You don't have to talk to me if it bugs you. 
 No! I like it. 
 I mean, I run cross-country, so it's not really all rah-rah. 
 It's more like Zoning out while exploring. 
 It's actually kind of peaceful. 
 That sounds nice. 
 Plus it keeps my head clear, which can get pretty cloudy with all my other, uh, extracurricular activities. 
 (Chuckles) (Chuckles) Speaking of cloudy, here comes Nick with the party favors. 
 Hey, Scott. 
 'Sup, Nick? Glad you could make it. 
 Me, too. 
 Looks like a wild party. 
 How about we start it off right? (Rustles) Brownie? (Chuckles) Sure! Just to be clear, these are pot brownies. 
 No doy, runner boy. 
 You'll be so destroyed. 
 (Mouth full) Thanks. 
 Holy crap. 
 What's up? Nothing. 
 Be right back. 
 Don't move. 
 (Bottles clink) (Indistinct conversations) (Trash can clatters) There you are. 
 (Sighs) Yep, here I am. 
 Oh, man. 
 I think I'm gonna be sick. 
 Ugh! Dealing with the vomitorium that has become my home. 
 (Sighs) Look I'm sorry I couldn't make tonight work. 
 I missed you. 
 I know. 
 I've missed you, too. 
 But since you're back, there's no need to rush. 
 We've got time together. 
 Yeah, but hey. 
 Is something bothering you? - No - Carrie? We have a problem. 
 Miss Meade is here. 
 
 
 
 (Run - D.M.C.)  
 Now we rock the party and come correct all cuts are on time and rhymes connect got the right to vote and will elect and other rappers can't stand us but give us respect - Miss Meade? - Oh. 
 Hi. 
 Um I-I like your cardigan. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, don't you "Hi" me. 
 Your father leaves you alone for one night, and you go and do this. 
 You girls are in so much trouble. 
 (Dorrit) It's not what it looks like. 
 Well, it looks like a party. 
 Well, that's actually true. 
 Mom? - But if you just listen to us - for one second. 
 Listen to you? Why? We can explain. 
 Oh, you'll be doing all your explaining to your father. 
 Young man? Stay away from that. 
 (Boy) - Come on, Mouse. 
 (Girl) - Come on, Mouse. 
 You can do it! The greatest (All cheer) (Chuckles) Nice playin', Mouse! You ain't seen nothing yet! Oh, I'm gonna come back here and take you all one-by-one. 
 You must be crushed. 
 Drinking at a party instead of competing for a spot at an Ivy League School? Actually, I found something else to compete in. 
 Beer pong and I kick ass at it. 
 It's all about calculating the angle of the shot. 
 (Imitates ball whizzing and splashing) (Laughs) (Chuckles) You seem weirdly happy, too. 
 Decide to go back for sloppy seconds with one of your pretty boy Castlebury bachelors? Haven't even flirted. 
 And I feel great. 
 I would actually say I'm having a really good time. 
 With no man to put your claws into? I'm as surprised as you are. 
 I watched two girls get into a catfight, and I talked to the Jens and I actually listened. 
 Did you know they have, like, thoughts and feelings? (Laughs) - That part was totally boring. 
 Yes. 
 I'd imagine with the Jens, that really would be. 
 Mm. 
 Well I better get back to being a beer pong champion. 
 Please, champion? Clearly, you've never had me across the table as your competition. 
 I would decimate you. 
 Bring it, Bimbo. 
 Oh, I will. 
 While a competition was heating up between Mouse and Donna (Buttons clicking) Dorrit and I were trying to dial Miss Meade down to a simmer. 
 I've called three times and still no answer. 
 Well, he's bound to pick up sooner or later. 
 Why isn't my phone working? Terrible reception this high up. 
 Besides, Tommy, I need your full focus and attention. 
 Can you please do what I asked? This is important. 
 Really? - Yeah. 
 Larissa? Harlan wants you to know that he'll only be speaking to you through me now. 
 Well, you tell Harlan that there's nothing left to talk about. 
 I'm not moving. 
 Harlan, Larissa says th Oh, God, you know what? No, this is ridiculous. 
 You two are acting like children. 
 She started it. 
 Did not. 
 Did, too. 
 Enough! Harlan, I need to have a moment alone with Larissa. 
 Please leave. 
 What I-I could - Now. 
 Fine. 
 (Sighs deeply) Is everything okay? Who's the old lady? Our nosy neighbor who's totally gonna bust our asses. 
 We're doomed. 
 Excuse me. 
 Oh. 
 Excuse me, young man. 
 Who are you? I'm one of the few people that the girls actually invited over tonight. 
 I think they're embarrassed to admit that this totally got out of hand. 
 The girls just wanted to invite - a couple friends over. 
 Oh. 
 A couple of friends. 
 You see, when one of Dorrit's friends found out that her dad was out of town, they told some of their friends, and word spread. 
 You know how it is. 
 High schoolers can be so selfish. 
 (Pete Berwick) I'm a nuclear boy We were just gonna have people over to watch "Star Search. 
 " Oh, I love "Star Search. 
 " We do, too, but then all these people showed up, and when we asked them to leave, they wouldn't. 
 It was peer pressure, Miss Meade. 
 Peer pressure. 
 Total peer pressure. 
 Kids can be so cruel Teasing you, putting itching powder in your bra during gym class, standing you up on prom night, after I bought the perfect dress. 
 And instead, I end up in my living room, dancing with my dad. 
 That's very specific. 
 But yes. 
 I know what we should do. 
 We'll call the police. 
 (Carrie and Dorrit) No! Uh, that would just make things worse for us. 
 I-if we kick everyone out like that, we'll be forever known as the losers who couldn't handle a fun party. 
 Oh, you poor girls. 
 This is just awful. 
 I feel for you. 
 Oh, no. 
 Uh, Missus (Mouth full) Oh, it's Miss. 
 I never married. 
 I wanted to. 
 Never happened. 
 (Chuckles) Oh, I'm I'm really sorry. 
 That must be hard. 
 It is. 
 Thank you for being so understanding. 
 You're very nice girls. 
 We try to be. 
 And now I'd like to help you. 
 Let me play the heavy. 
 I'll clear these kids out, one at a time, and you won't be to blame. 
 Thank you so much, Miss Meade. 
 You really get it. 
 I do, don't I? (Chuckles) Now Hey, you! (Chuckles) (Speaks indistinctly) Keep an eye on her. 
 I cannot believe she ate a whole brownie. 
 She is gonna be down for the count in about 20 minutes. 
 Awesome! (Laughs) Um, do you wanna play quarters or something? Cool. 
 Give us a minute? Boy uh, I'll go get some beers. 
 I don't wanna ruin what is clearly going well for you with cute and nice over there, but I thought that flock of seagulls boy with the grouchy attitude was more your speed. 
 He is. 
 Scott's a friend. 
 Oh, your boy didn't show, huh? No, he did. 
 And you're wasting your time, not to mention destroying your house, so you can hang with a friend? (Chuckles) Oh, you disappoint me. 
 Have I taught you nothing? I'm taking my time. 
 Finding the right moment. 
 People who wait for the right moment end up waiting forever. 
 With a party this crazy (Sighs) Ain't gonna last too much longer. 
 I'm guessing the cops show within the next hour. 
 So (Singsongy) I'd get busy. 
 On it. 
 Make me proud. 
 And when it's over, I want details. 
 I will be out back playing beer pong with Mouse. 
 I'm sorry, what? Don't ask. 
 How'd you even know I was here? You're so uninterested in my life, I'm surprised you knew where to look. 
 Your father filled me in on everything. 
 The two of you have one little tiff, and you run away? You have to go back tomorrow. 
 I'm not living with him anymore. 
 Not after what happened. 
 Here we go! The two of you love drama, don't you? It's why I couldn't stay married to him. 
 I can't do drama. 
 I need a peaceful home. 
 Which is why you cannot come live with me. 
 That was never the plan. 
 You you think I would ever live with you and that boyfriend of yours? Husband! Lucas and I are married. 
 Fine, mom. 
 Either way, I was never gonna live with you. 
 Ever. 
 So where exactly do you think you'll be living? What are you gonna do? Move in with your little girlfriend? It's none of your business. 
 As usual. 
 Just like your father, you have no plan. 
 Just flying by the seat of your pants. 
 Well, that isn't gonna work for me. 
 Come Sunday, you are getting on a plane and going back to your dad. 
 I will not. 
 I'm 18 years old, and you can't control what I choose to do anymore. 
 And based on what a terrific parent you've been, I don't see why I should take orders from you. 
 I'm done here. 
 (The Outlets' "I'm A Mess" playing) You're Carrie, right? The girlfriend? Yeah. 
 Well, good luck with him. 
 He's all yours. 
 Suddenly, I realized that Sebastian was a pressure cooker. 
 I just hoped he wouldn't blow. 
 I'm gettin' it, dude! (Boy) No, dude, dude, you can't keep doing that. 
 No, man, hey, stop. 
 You gotta let go. 
 You can't do that! - Come on. 
 Ohh! (Screams) Oh, no! - Ohh! - Aah! (All shouting indistinctly) (Laughing) Unfortunately, something else did. 
 My dad's latest bimbo hit on me. 
 And yesterday, when I told him, she lied and said I came on to her. 
 Of course, Garret believes her because he's known her for two whole minutes, and she's got fake double D's. 
 I'm just his son. 
 Why didn't you tell me in the first place? That I'm an idiot? That I moved to Laguna thinking I might actually have one parent who cared about me? That doesn't make you an idiot. 
 Sometimes I just wanna kill Garret. 
 Why does he keep doing this to you? Because he's never gonna change. 
 That's why I had to get out of there. 
 The only place I wanted to be was with you. 
 In a way, I'm relieved to know that you didn't move back only because of me. 
 That pressure freaked me out. 
 I kinda sensed that. 
 I'm not so good at hiding my feelings. 
 And you shouldn't. 
 I always wanna know what's going on in that head of yours. 
 Even if it's hard for me to say, or hard for you to hear? Even if. 
 I feel like, every time something goes wrong, I'm the person you lean on. 
 And I'm glad that you feel like you can. 
 You always should when you need to. 
 But sometimes I feel like that can be a lot for me, for us. 
 I can't always put stuff aside to be there for you. 
 I know that, and I don't want you to, especially on a night like tonight, when you're dealing with the party from hell. 
 (Crowd cheering) It really is, isn't it? Oh, this one is going down in Castlebury history. 
 That's what I was afraid of. 
 (Chuckles) I gotta go do something. 
 Where you going? To take some of the pressure off of you. 
 Larissa, I have known you to be an interesting, intelligent strange woman, who has had a wonderful influence on my daughter, which is why this is all so confusing for me. 
 Isn't part of being married about living with the person that you're going to spend your life with? I mean, why won't you move in with Harlan? I don't wanna live with him because I'm afraid if I move in, I'll become a person who has nothing of herself left, and that scares me. 
 Wait, but what do you mean? Moving in doesn't mean you become less you. 
 And yet it does. 
 Because before long, you dissolve into the relationship. 
 First, you give up your place. 
 Then you start giving up your taste, hmm? Compromising on furniture, clothes, where you eat. 
 Then one day you're just an appendage to someone else No thoughts and no life of your own. 
 I feel like without a space that is just mine, I'll disappear. 
 Okay. 
 Okay, then I think I have a solution. 
 All right? Harlan. 
 Larissa is afraid that if she moves in with you, she will lose everything that makes her life special. 
 Sweetie, I mean, I had no idea. 
 I mean I always want you to have this big, spectacular life, right down to all those knickknacks and tchotchkes you like to keep at your place. 
 Good, then you won't mind buying her her own apartment in your building. 
 Seems like the perfect excuse to buy out my jerk of a next door neighbor. 
 I mean, we could even put a-a door in to attach our two places. 
 Baby, what do you say? I say give me the decorator of my choice, with an unlimited budget, and it sounds divine! All right, it's settled! Yes, we figured it out! (Laughs) (Growling) (Laughs) I am so happy to be marrying you, my feral little minx. 
 Mmm (Kissing) (Both moaning) (Kissing continues) I'm I'm a I'm gonna be going home now. 
 Oh, nonsense! It's 3:00 A. 
 M. 
 ! You have your own suite across the hall. 
 Keys on the table, room service on me. 
 (Larissa moaning) All right, well, you two enjoy yourselves. 
 I'm just I'm gonna I'll be in my room, which is way over here, way far, far away. 
 (Breathing heavily) You might still Wanna find some earplugs. 
 Oh! (Laughs) (Larissa) Aah! Hey, there you are. 
 I've been looking for ya. 
 You wanna play quarters? I've got a better idea. 
 (Indistinct conversations) Cops are coming! Everybody run! (Boy) What? Everybody run! Get out of here! They're gonna bust us! Get out of here! Come on, get out while you still can! Run! (Teens clamoring) I guess I should go. 
 No, you don't. 
 You're coming with me. 
 (Sebastian) Come on, people! Go! (Indistinct conversations) Now the cops are coming? Perfect. 
 My dad is going to murder us. 
 No cops. 
 I made it up. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 I believe these are yours. 
 I love these sunglasses. 
 (Sighs deeply) So what should we do now? Well, we don't have to do anything. 
 We can clean this all up later. 
 Well, since we're not cleaning up until later, I have a couple thoughts on what we could do right now. 
 Oh, you do? Come on, Kydd. 
 Let's go upstairs. 
 Oh, right this second? Look who's putting the pressure on now. 
 I think you can handle it. 
 The morning after a big bash can be exciting or surprising. 
 (Groans) What's the rush? Oh, I gotta go. 
 If my girlfriend finds out, she'll totally dump me. 
 You have a girlfriend? Yeah. 
 I thought you knew. 
 I did not. 
 Oh. 
 You're such a jerk. 
 Get the hell outta here. 
 It can also create strange bedfellows. 
 This never happened. 
 Agreed. 
 But you're kind of a good snuggler. 
 You, too. 
 (Rustling) I was wondering where you were. 
 Just figured I'd get a jump start on the day, clean up, take some things off your plate. 
 I made some coffee. 
 Thank you. 
 I also called my dad this morning. 
 We talked it out. 
 Okay. 
 Are you going back? (Telephone ringing in distance) No, we both agreed that our relationship probably works better long distance. 
 He's gonna give me an allowance to find a place in Manhattan, so I can put down roots. 
 That's so great! Yay! (Chuckles) Carrie, that was dad on the phone. 
 He's coming back in an hour. 
 (Billy Idol's "Rebel Yell" playing) We've got work to do. 
 Well, fun party, but I'm outta here. 
 Pressure can take us to some messy places. 
 If we bottle it up, it can explode. 
 Last night a little dancer, she came dancin' to my door If we only try to alleviate it, it can lead us to make very bad decisions. 
 On the floor she said But sometimes the force created by pressure pushes us to a place where we have to get through something together. 
 (Goat bleats) pray help from above and often Because in the midnight hour that's when we're at our best. 
 She cried more, more, more with a rebel yell more, more, more more, more, more fun night? Interesting. 
 Turns out getting into Harvard got me into some other weird places. 
 I accidentally slept with Donna. 
 What? Relax. 
 We just spooned. 
 (Both laugh) I already tossed most of the garbage in the town dumpster. 
 I'm gonna go return the kegs. 
 See you later? You bet. 
 Girls? (Door closes) You here? Hey. 
 Ah. 
 How was your night? Uh, it was, you know, pretty boring. 
 Yep. 
 Nothing much to talk about. 
 (Exhales) I'm relieved. 
 I was worried I'd come home and the house would be destroyed. 
 (Briefcase thuds) I can't believe you would think that of us, dad. 
 Really, I'm insulted. 
 Girls? (Miss Meade) Hi, Tom. 
 (Sighs) (Laughs) The woman just fell out of the cupboard? What did you tell your dad? Well, Miss Meade was so embarrassed that she lied and told my dad she must've sleepwalked over to our place. 
 We did leave her with a spare key. 
 Which he took back that day. 
 So what do you think about the flat? I do hope you'll take it. 
 I dread the thought of strangers in my space. 
 It's a bummer you have to give it up. 
 Darling, I'm not. 
 I'm subletting it, in case it doesn't work out. 
 Don't tell Harlan. 
 Your secret's safe with us. 
 (Thompson Twins' "Hold Me Now" playing) I have a picture So? Pinned to my wall an image of you and of me I think I can make this work. 
 Fantastic! Oh, you are gonna adore it here. 
 Well, darling, it's off to "Interview" with us. 
 Oh, Sebastian, stick around, get a feel for the place, if you like. 
 It is about to be yours, after all. 
 And we fight and delight You gonna be good here? Yeah. 
 I will be. 
 Cry until dawn Oh, hold me now whoa, warm my heart stay with me (door closes) Let loving start, let loving start oh, hold me now It felt like a huge weight had been lifted. 
 Oh, hold my heart My relationship was no longer long-distance. 
 Stay with me And Sebastian had the space he needed to start anew. 
 Let loving start, let loving start For once, I could breathe easy because if only for a brief moment I finally felt pressure-free. 
 Stay with me go on and stay with me let loving start 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 