Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01/02 - A Donation to the Struggle / The Watchers - Secret City 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01/02 - A Donation to the Struggle / The Watchers https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=675&t=27893 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/09/16 15:38 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01/02 - A Donation to the Struggle / The Watchers 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Free Tibet! 
 Free Tibet! 
 Return the Dalai Lama to Tibet! 
 Hey, you need to clear the area! 
 Wha... What happened to him? 
 Drowned. 
 You're a journo, Daily Nation, right? 
 Yeah, Harriett Dunkley. 
 Who... Who am I speaking to? 
 Media liaison. 
 I'm sure you've got their number. 
 What are they gonna tell me? That there's a killer shark in lake Burley Griffin? 
 Come on, this is a crime scene. Go. 
 So, what have we got on Sabine Hobbs? 
 Oh Gus, I swear, if you make me do another story on her, I'm gonna self-immolate. 
 What do we know about this prison that China has moved her to? 
 Hubei Provincial Women's Prison. 
 Right... She would be better off, if she hadn't survived the third-degree burns. 
 It's where they send the wicked terrorists. 
 I don't think even the Chinese can pretend that a misguided choir girl is a terrorist. 
 20 years in maximum security says they can. 
 Harry? 
 Yeah? 
 Any word at the PM's Office? 
 Ah, no. 
 Everyone has clammed up since sentencing. Cabinet, backbench walk with a muzzle on. 
 So, we're back to recycling an expert or speculating on the speculation? Is that what we're doing? 
 We have to run the same sob stories in tabloids. 
 We need a fig leaf of respectability. 
 Get me something. 
 Well, the video has had more than 3 million hits on YouTube. 
 Since when did Youtube become news? 
 About ten years ago, I think. 
 So, we've got the Medicare thing. The Senate estimate child care rebates. 
 And there's rumblings of a leadership spill. 
 Which party? 
 The Greens. 
 [Laughs] 
 Anything else? 
 I... I've got something. 
 A corpse, in the lake, washed up this morning. 
 It wasn't your career, was it? 
 It was your s*x life, actually. 
 Yeah, Harriett, I'm afraid a pissed up ANU student, falling in the drink, is not exactly a national political bombshell. 
 No, but this was was gutted like a fish. 
 Alright, run with it. See where it leads. 
 Thank you. 
 Back to it, people. 
 Sorry. 
 Harriett Dunkley political correspondent Hey, Sacha, did you see who put this on my desk? 
 Is that Mal Paxton? 
 Yeah. 
 I'm not touching it. 
 Should I order everyone some tea? 
 We're not running a café, Ronnie. 
 In the past 72 hours, Beijing have moved Shenyang J-16 fighter jets onto the disputed islands in the South China sea. 
 All our chatter says the chinese command is on high allert. 
 They expect the US to blink. 
 And will I? 
 They've invited us to join naval exercises in the disputed border. 
 HMAS ANZAC is ready to sail. 
 Minister, we are woefully unprepared for a military build up. 
 We need two new submarines quickly. 
 We can acquire Soryu from off the shelf in Japan. 
 If we don't act, Beijing will take control of the world's busiest sea lane, unchallenged. 
 We cannot afford to sit on our hands. 
 I agree. 
 So, we send our own message. 
 We won't be throwing warships into a U.S.-led pissing contest. 
 We tell our allies to go and piss somewhere else. 
 And I won't be shifting our policy that submarines will be made here, at ASC Osborne. 
 It's a big boost for local manufacture. 
 Minister, the Japanese contract is billions of dollars cheaper. 
 So, we cancel a few Joint Strike Fighters. 
 The Pentagon won't like it. 
 Well, I don't work for the Pentagon, General. 
 Neither do you. 
 I won't be taking this to Cabinet. 
 Minister, with respect... your previous experience is as Minister for Resources. 
 And your previous experience is as a soldier, General. 
 So, you should know how to follow an order. 
 I f*ckin' hate Labour Governments. 
 Australian Federal Police. 
 Hey yeah, can you please, put me through to the pathologist on duty? 
 Who should I say is calling? 
 Media Liaison. 
 Putting you through. 
 Pathology. 
 Hi, it's Harriett Dunkley, from the Daily Nation. 
 I'm calling regarding a dead body on the lake, this morning. 
 I was wondering if you've had a chance to examine it. 
 Yeah, you know the drill. 
 You have to go through Media Liaison. 
 Yeah, but we both know that they're just gonna give me the runaround, so... 
 [Call disconnects] 
 It's me. She is on her way to the morgue. 
 Anything from our friend at the Embassy? 
 I'm coming in now, if this gentleman would just hold the door open for me. 
 Thank you very much, sir. 
 Who says chivalry is dead? 
 Hoy! Can I see your security pass? 
 Senior Constable Brimmer. 
 Journalists. You'd sell your own grandmother. 
 Are you in the market for a grandmother? 
 He's only a kid. 
 24 years old. 
 Has his family made the ID? 
 You know I can't answer that. 
 Any personal effects? 
 Being held in evidence. 
 So, you have a name and a date of birth? 
 You're gonna have to speak to... 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Media Liaison. 
 Any theories on who or why he was cut open, strictly off the record? 
 Did he swallow something? 
 Media Liaison. 
 Come on! All I need is an ID! 
 You might wanna read the writing on the wall in this one, Harriett. 
 f*ck you, Griff. 
 Your corpse from the lake? 
 Hey, Gus. 
 I got a name from a uniform at the morgue. 
 And get this... he has no social media presence. 
 And no Facebook, no Instagram, no Twitter. 
 What 24 year-old has no online presence? 
 Are you asking me? 
 Well, I know kids that would rather be dead, than not on Snapchat. 
 Maybe he had an alias. 
 That's what my kids do. To keep away prying parents. 
 Yeah, maybe. 
 Hey, do you still have that contact at Births, Deaths and Marriages? 
 Yeah. 
 Can I get that of you? 
 Yeah, sure. 
 Thank you. 
 Back to doing things the old-fashioned way? 
 No, Max Dalgetty may not have a Facebook profile, but I assume that he must have been born. 
 It does feel odd that there is no digital footprint from someone from a generation that doesn't believe in privacy. 
 Vaughn. 
 Are you taking a personal interest in Dalgetty? 
 This has a whiff of Beijing about it. It's central to my brief. 
 And the obvious conflict of interest? 
 Are you directing me to red-flag it? 
 It's best there's no confusion, in matters of "X" versus "Y". 
 Don't you think, Miss Gordon? 
 He runs from the Chinese Embassy and ends up dead by the lake. Aren't you interested? 
 The rules are there to protect us. 
 Hey, Brimmer, it's... it's a false ID. 
 What do you mean? 
 It's a stolen identity, I called the Registry. 
 There's only a record for one Max Dalgetty, in the whole country, and he died 7 years ago. 
 He is the same age profile as the deceased on the lake. 
 You're gonna have to check the body for markings... and dental records. 
 Well, it's a bit late for that. 
 What do you mean? 
 The body has already been transferred. 
 Transferred where? 
 I don't know. 
 You don't know or you're not allowed to tell me? 
 Both. 
 I guess something strange is going on here. 
 That, that's not Max Dalgetty. 
 Hey, something's happening to your phone. 
 FILE DELETED. 
 No. 
 No, no! 
 New-age burglary. That's a little outside my jurisdiction. 
 Hello, Harri. 
 We didn't wipe your photo. 
 But I noticed that you haven't denied monitoring my phone. 
 ASD categorically denies tracing, monitoring and intercepting all domestic calls. 
 Yeah. 
 Harri. 
 Can you get Thomas to take a look at it? 
 'Cause if ASD didn't delete my Dalgetty picture, than maybe he can find out who did. 
 When did I become your research assistant? 
 Don't pretend you don't wanna know. 
 Ok. 
 Thank you. 
 Is that a new dress? 
 Yeah, do you like it? 
 Yeah, I do. 
 You would tell me? 
 Yes. 
 Is there someone special? 
 No. 
 No, no, no, no. 
 Nothing like that. 
 I thought you weren't going near it, Harri. 
 Which rock have you been hiding under, not to know about the 30 billion dollars incall, otherwise known as the "Collins Class Kockum", by those half-wits in Osborne? 
 The only reason they got the subs contract in the first place was pork barreling for a by-election. 
 Don't think I don't know what you're up to, or that you've got Beijing on f*ckin' speed-dial. 
 Sixty percent of our trade goes through those shipping lanes. 
 There's only one way to force China to back down. 
 We stand by the U.S.! 
 And their allies. 
 And we bring in strike fighters and we bring in submarines! 
 Japanese submarines! 
 Made by people who make things that actually work! 
 Better get yourself a raincoat, Mal, because you've unleashed a sh1t storm of biblical proportions. 
 f*ckin' hell! 
 Harriett. 
 Minister. 
 Ronnie! 
 Don't worry, I'm not staying. 
 Just a little happy snap for your family album. 
 Where did you get this? 
 I don't know, which is why you should be worried. 
 Vindictiveness is never an attractive quality, Harriett. 
 Misuse of mining union funds for campaigning and branch stacking is one thing, Mal. 
 But a Federal Minister failing to disclose an arrest record? 
 It's a new low. 
 Should I give you my BSB and account details now? 
 So you can make those defamation payments direct, this time? 
 I'm not touching that. 
 I've banged my head against the Paxton wall enough. 
 So, what's this? 
 Just a friendly warning? 
 Not friendly. 
 Thomas. 
 Hey. 
 When you get a minute, can you check this for a remote breach? 
 Someone deleted a crime scene photo. 
 Was it us? 
 It could be ASIO, ASIS, CIA, NSS, take your pick. 
 The Dalgetty phone. Where did you get this? 
 The Director. 
 Came in from the Federal Police. 
 Vaughn wants the data retrieved. 
 Hey, Thomas, that phone I just gave you, let's just keep that between us, okay? 
 Sure, Kim. 
 Attorney, can I have one minute? 
 You can have 20 meters to the Treasurer's office while I send a tweet. 
 Paxton is gonna build the submarines in Australia? 
 I'm sure he has his reasons at this critical time. 
 As in, "don't tie Australia to an alliance against Beijing while Sabine Hobbs rots in a Chinese prison"? 
 You know the rules, deep background only. 
 If you want a quote, go to Paxton. 
 But, either way, wouldn't most Labour MPs support him? 
 Not if it means risking the U.S. alliance. 
 It's he last article of faith to the Right. 
 The only thing keeping my faction together. 
 Well, that and their fear of you, Attorney. 
 Thank you, Harriett. 
 I need to speak to you. 
 How did that photo get out? 
 Hey, Sacha, do me a favour, I'm looking to why Mal Paxton was in China, circa 20 years ago. 
 Because of a study trip or a union junket. 
 Give me a sec. 
 Already checked it. In June 1992, he was on a Young Labour Delegation to Beijing. 
 Who was Head of Mission, then? 
 Well, I am reliably informed that you are the resident expert on all things China, Mr. Rankin. 
 I wouldn't say expert. "Aficionado", maybe. 
 So you were there before and after Tienanmen? 
 Yeah, indeed. 
 And despite the trouble, China was modernizing and we had cause for optimism. 
 A lot of senior Australians visiting too. 
 Oh, I did host a lot of important people from the Prime Minister down. 
 I supposed some of them weren't such big names, but emerged later, like Malcolm Paxton. 
 I understand that he was in Beijing for several months, in 1992. 
 Yes, I... I do recall it, he was there. 
 Was there a diplomatic incident of some kind? 
 Police trouble? 
 I know that he was arrested. And you were Head of Mission, so... you would know that too. 
 Mr. Paxton has proven to be a professional blind spot, in the past, for you, Miss Dunkley. 
 I would hate for History to repeat, over such a... trivial matter. 
 Just in case... 
 Thank you so much for the tea, Mr. Rankin. 
 Harriett Dunkley has just been here. 
 Prime Minister. 
 Catriona tells me you set the cat among the pigeons, Mal. 
 No. I said the cat, actually, f*cked the pigeons. 
 Mal is right. 
 Locking-in the Japanese subs would be taking sides. 
 Admit it, Mal, you and your panda mates want to squirm away from allies who've had our backs... 
 Since when? 
 Since Vietnam or Iraq? 
 Seriously, Catriona, with friends like those... 
 It's a bad time to commit to a new direction. 
 A silly girl sets herself on fire, in Beijing and we betray our closest ally? 
 A prison swap has been raised. 
 They're willing to deal. 
 Not in so many words. 
 Solely for the right offer. 
 America will not let Beijing put a choke hold on world trade. Why do you think they've pivoted towards Asia? 
 The dragon has stirred, it needs to be contained. 
 For f*ck's sake, we are not joining a new arms race in isolating our biggest trading partner. 
 Martin. 
 You've seen the polls. 
 Until Sabine Hobbs gets home, we do nothing that might upset Beijing. 
 Do you mind? 
 Don't let the "Greens" catch you. You know how they feel about old-growth forests. 
 Mal Paxton has killed the plan to buy Soyuz subs in Japan. 
 Avoid offending Beijing, while they still hold Sabine Hobbs. 
 Have you got a quote from Paxton? 
 I'm not exactly on his Christmas card list. 
 Give it to someone Paxton will talk to. 
 Please, Gus, not Griff. 
 He is running national political on Hobbs. 
 What about your drowned kid? 
 The photo was wiped from my phone. 
 Some kind of hack. Kim is looking into it. 
 Still got your ex-husband doing your dirty work? 
 What's this'? 
 Sabine Hobbs' press pack. 
 Make Head Office happy. 
 Don't make me do a puff piece! 
 Human interest is for journos interested in humans. 
 I do politicians. 
 It's the last days of the dinosaurs here, Harry. 
 Circulation is plummeting. My gold retirement watch is ticking. 
 And you're still in the dog house. 
 Close the door on your way out. 
 9 months ago, Sabine Hobbs won the prestigious Beijing Music Academy scholarship resulting in her, now, infamous and ill-fated trip to China. 
 Sabine's mother, Diane, also saw Sabine in the Beijing prison and was satisfied... 
 Self-imolation has a long history in Buddhism. 
 It's the ultimate act of dissent against oppression. 
 The Vietnamese monk Quang Duc called it "A donation to the struggle". 
 Sabine is a peace-loving advocate for "Free Tibet!". 
 This was an act of naive protest. 
 The Government knows it. Everyone knows it, except the China. My daughter is no... 
 Is there anything new here or are we just regurgitating the press pack? 
 Ladies and gentlemen, I want you to welcome the new United States Ambassador to Australia, Mr. Brent Moreton. 
 Thank you very much, Mr. Prime Minister. 
 I'm a simple man. 
 I attended college on a football scholarship, which... probably, tells you just how simple. 
 So, instead of giving a speech of my own invention, I will, instead, tell you what the President said to me as I was leaving. 
 He called me into the Oval Office and he said to me, "Brent... 
 "there's no greater friendship," 
 "no true alliance than that which exists" 
 "between Australia and the United States". 
 "And that's the reason why I'm sending you down there." 
 "Because no matter how hard you try" 
 "even you can't screw it up." 
 [Laughs] 
 Thank you. 
 So, how are you finding Canberra, Ambassador? 
 Cold. 
 Yes. 
 You never really get used to it. 
 Minister, this is gonna feel tropical, compared to the f*ckin' freezer the White House is gonna put you in. 
 News does travel fast. 
 Congratulations on the appointment, Ambassador. 
 Thank you, Ambassador. 
 My wife, Weng Meigui. 
 It's an absolute pleasure. 
 We haven't met. 
 I'm Mal Paxton. 
 GOVERNMENT STILL SILENT ON SABINE HOBBS So, you both sang with Sabine Hobbs? 
 Yeah, beautiful voice. 
 Yes, like an angel. 
 How do you feel about her 20-year prison sentence? 
 I'm sad for her family. 
 Did Sabine have any involvement with dissident groups, like Falun Gong or Uyghurs or... or Free Tibet!, that you knew of? 
 ANU CHINESE CHORAL SOCIETY Hey. 
 My body in the lake, he was in the same choir, ANU, as Sabine Hobbs. 
 Good days to the dinosaurs. 
 Miss Dunkley. 
 Mae Lin. 
 You do realize that I'm not authorized to speak to Media regarding Sabine Hobbs. 
 Of course. 
 I'm actually here about the Beijing Music Academy scholarship of which Sabine Hobbs was a recipient. 
 Yes? 
 I'm curious as to your role, Mae Lin. 
 Do you liaise directly with prospective applicants? 
 At the ANU Chinese Choral Society, for instance? 
 Well, I represent the program of various educational institutions. 
 Including ANU. 
 Conducting information seminars, attending ceremonies with the Ambassador's wife And so on. 
 Do you remember meeting a Max Dalgetty? 
 Not that I recall. 
 Miss Dunkley. 
 I have a meeting now. 
 Thank you... for your time. 
 Kim, that phone you gave me... 
 What do you got? 
 "Backdoor" exploit. 
 Pretty sophisticated. 
 Untraceable. 
 Can you permanently delete it? 
 Yes. 
 Harry. 
 Someone saw us, yesterday. 
 There's surveillance footage. 
 Yeah, but everybody knows about us, Kim. 
 It's in all of your disclosures. 
 This is a serious warning. 
 Do you think someone is closing ranks to cover an Agency fuck-up? 
 As long as you are following Dalgetty, we cannot meet, we cannot speak, we cannot have any contact and if you so much as breathe the words "Intelligence Sources", I'll lose my job. 
 But you haven't given me anything, Kim. 
 Yeah, I don't want to end up in a Russian share-house with Edward Snowden. 
 Can I have my phone? 
 Did you get the photo back? 
 No, I couldn't find it. 
 Expert job. 
 You lie so well. 
 Anyone would think that you've had years of practice. 
 Hi. 
 Hey. 
 Harriett had Max Dalgetty's photo on her phone. 
 From the lake. 
 Really? 
 Someone hacked in. 
 What? 
 If Dalgetty is an Agency fuck-up, it's a pretty big one. 
 That would explain why Vaughn is so worked up. 
 I saw him today, Dalgetty. 
 Sliced opened while he was still alive, the Pathologist said. 
 Whatever he swallowed, they got it. 
 Was he on the radar? 
 No. He is down, though. 
 Beijing made sure of that. 
 Aw, that's not exactly a good look. 
 Letting MSS run around Canberra, wacking off an ANU student on our soil. 
 We should be taking a hard look at our friend from the Embassy. 
 She is running someone, Dancer, she has to be. 
 All our protocols have been timed And still there are things that China knows, that it has no right to know. 
 Unless they have a high-level sleeper. 
 If you're looking at p0rn, I'm gonna be offended. 
 I'm looking through that list that you've e-mailed. 
 Searching the Faculty records for students in the Chinese Choral Society. 
 Kevin Dang, I know him. He is in my Computer Science II. 
 There's no record of a Max Dalgetty. 
 He's never been enrolled in ANU. 
 You're off so soon? 
 I guess I'll see you next time you're feeling lonely and desperate. 
 Than I guess I'll see you soon. 
 The... 
 Dalgetty investigation has been shut down. 
 Shut down? 
 Any particular reason? 
 Inter-Agency matter. 
 What have we got? 
 Lloyd Rankin, 63. 
 Asphyxiation. 
 Find out who he called last. 
 Mr. Rankin? 
 Who is this, please? 
 Please. Why am I here? 
 You stole a classified MMS file. 
 I swear, I din't... 
 You sent the file to this man. 
 You killed him. 
 No. 
 You did. 
 The journalist - Dunkley? 
 You will tell us what she knows. 
 Tell us. 
 I have to speak to you. 
 Call me. 
 Two hours later, Lloyd Rankin was dead. 
 His body slowly starved of oxygen, on a lonely dirt track. 
 In his final moments on Earth, he called you. 
 I... was working on a story. 
 What story? 
 I... I wanted background about his time as Head of Mission at the Beijing Embassy. But he didn't wanna talk. 
 It just wasn't a big deal. 
 I have to speak to you. 
 Call me. 
 Sounds like it was a big deal to him. 
 
 
 
 What's this? 
 It's my card. 
 The one you gave Lloyd Rankin to keep in touch? 
 Even though he said he didn't want to talk to you? 
 Yes. 
 So, to a rabbit hole you were leading him down, Miss Dunkley. 
 Even if this is just a suicide, you're implicated. 
 Rankin was murdered? 
 You tell me. 
 Do I need a lawyer? 
 You can go. 
 I know where to find you. 
 Right, right. 
 Ok, well, I'm sure it's nothing to be worried about. 
 And... thank you for keeping us informed. 
 f*ck. 
 We're still looking at a sizable deficit here and we can't ignore that. 
 Sabine Hobbs. 
 We've lost her. 
 The Consulate had contact with her every second day, like clockwork. 
 Last visit was meant to be Monday, but Consulate visits have been denied. 
 And given Beijing's stands on dissidents I've got genuine concerns for her well-being. 
 Alright. 
 Hand it to Xhing Dhao. 
 You're gonna to brown-nose the Ambassador, now. 
 China is using Hobbs to drive a wedge between us and the U.S. 
 We are risking the alliance for the sake of an over-entitled attention-seeker. 
 We are protecting an Australian citizen. 
 Aw, fine rhetoric, Mal. 
 Why don't you admit this plays right into your agenda? 
 It doesn't help to start waving the defense stick around. 
 Sabine Hobbs is between us and China and we're gonna deal with it, diplomatically. 
 Call Huxley back, tell him to put some pressure on. 
 Find out where she is and why contact has been stopped. 
 Then line up Ambassador Dhao. 
 We can't let this get out. 
 Well, it will, as soon as her mother realizes that she can't speak to her. 
 When does she get back from Beijing? 
 Today. 
 Photoshop? 
 It's genuine. I showed it to Paxton. He looked like he'd been punched. 
 The only other person who knows about the arrest winds up conveniently dead. 
 The whole country is in a lather, over Sabine Hobbs. 
 China and the U.S. have started doing war dances, and a 20 year-old photograph of our pro-China Defense Minister, suddenly turns up. 
 I mean, the timing reeks. 
 Max Dalgetty, gutted, the day before I got the photograph. 
 And in the same choir as Sabine Hobbs. 
 And linked to an employee of the Chinese Embassy. 
 A woman shit-scared of the name Max Dalgetty. 
 It's a bloody long bow. 
 Yeah, but there's a connection there, there's gotta be. 
 If there's anything more behind this than jaywalking it's a phenomenal story. 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Give it to Griff. 
 No f*ckin' way! 
 You spent a year chasing Paxton's money in Union slash funds only to have him cleared by the Inquiry. Now, this will look like a witch hunt. 
 Sabine's mom is back in the country this afternoon. 
 Oh, God. 
 Now, she has agreed to one interview... with you. 
 She really liked your last article. 
 You should have been a used cars salesman. 
 You get something that gets the panters weeping into their morning Wheaties and I'll throw in a set of steak knives. 
 Don't f*ck it up! 
 Come on, Kim. 
 Pick up. 
 Oh, sh1t. 
 Sorry, Warrick, it's... it's the one with the extra underwire, I forgot... 
 Yeap. You're right, Kim. 
 Thanks. 
 Thomas, when you processed the Dalgetty file, did you print out the results? 
 Can I have it, please? 
 Vaughn said Dalgetty was shut down. 
 I know. Come on. 
 There are two numbers here. 
 It's a "dual-SIM" phone? 
 Were either of them retrieved? 
 Dunno of. 
 You should shred this. 
 Yes? 
 Hi. 
 I'm... I'm Harriett Dunkley, Ivy. Ivy Chen. 
 I was hoping to speak to Mrs. Rankin. 
 I met with her husband just before he... 
 Come in, please. 
 Thank you. 
 Wait here, please. I'll go check. 
 MINING UNION OF AUSTRALIA I'm sorry. 
 She is not able to speak at the moment. 
 Of course. 
 How did you know Mr. Rankin? 
 Did you work with him in Foreign Affairs? 
 Thank you for coming. 
 Goodbye. 
 If she tries to contact you again, will you let me know, please? 
 I'll make sure she does. 
 Ah, the data needs to be collected by 3pm so my people have time to prepare their reports. 
 Oh sh1t... 
 Yeah, look, hum... No, no, I'm happy to... just raise it at the weekly round table. 
 Ok. Thanks. 
 SIGNAL LOCK Yes! 
 Hey, Thomas, can I have a word? 
 Harriett Dunkley has joined the dots to Rankin. 
 The clock is ticking on my career. 
 You expect something from me... 
 Where's Hobbs? 
 Beijing can end this entire sh1t fight if they just send her back. 
 Whatever Beijing is considering, regarding that girl, your career is... unlikely to be part of the deliberations. 
 If that photograph is published, then... 
 I will be sent home. 
 At least, Perth is not so f*ckin' cold. 
 I can't imagine you in the sun. 
 Too bright, too exposed. 
 You couldn't thrive in such banality. 
 Than you should help me. 
 PAXTON / MINING UNION SLUSH FUND You've been on Tinder again, John? 
 I think one of you has picked up something that doesn't belong to you. 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 So? 
 I'm a fourth dan black belt in Aikido, I could whoop your skinny ass, even in these heels. 
 Now, hand it over. 
 sh1t! That's not f*ckin' Aikido! 
 I lied. Give me the SIM. 
 Oh sh1t! 
 Brutal. 
 Hey, is he ok? 
 Can we make it quick, Warrick? I've got a lot on. 
 Sorry, Kim. I've gotta do a full search. 
 Full search? Why? 
 Procedure... 
 Vaughn. 
 Will you take it off, please? 
 I'll need you to... just to turn and... 
 I know what to do. 
 f*ck you. 
 All clear. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Did you find something? 
 East-West Education Fund. Can you find out who the beneficiaries are? 
 Lloyd Rankin was on the board of a fund, receiving Mining Union moneys. 
 Probably, Paxton's way of paying him off. 
 Keeping him quiet about whatever happened in China. 
 So, I was right. About Paxton misappropriating Mining Union funds. 
 The whole time, I was right. 
 Where's my Hobbs interview? 
 I'll let you know as soon as we're ready to publish. 
 We'll just keep the pressure on and get your daughter home. 
 Thank you. 
 It's... 
 It has been good to talk. 
 There's one more question that I wanted to ask you. 
 He was pulled out of the lake, 3 days ago. 
 It wasn't an accident. 
 I don't know him. 
 He had assumed somebody else's identity. 
 A boy called Max Dalgetty. 
 I'm still trying to work out who he really was. 
 But... the connection with the Choir, with Sabine, and murdered, that just rings alarm bells to me. 
 What is it that you're asking? 
 I wanna find out if Sabine knows who he really was. 
 I have a scheduled phone call with her, in 10 minutes time. 
 Why is it cancelled? 
 I wouldn't worry, Mrs. Hobbs. 
 We'll ask for a reschedule. 
 But it's her birthday tomorrow. 
 Please, it's my only chance to wish her happy birthday. 
 I understand your concern... 
 Why don't I get back to you tomorrow, than? 
 But she knows I'm supposed to talk to her today. 
 She will think I've forgotten her. 
 I can let you know more tomorrow. 
 I'll update you when we have more information. 
 LAST TIME SEEN? 
 Mr. Huxley, when was the last time that someone from the Consulate saw Sabine? 
 I will see... 
 She was supposed to be seen on Monday. Was she? 
 We'll speak then, I will get my secretary to e-mail. 
 How are you going, Dylan? 
 Yeah, I'm okay. 
 Did Mom tell you already? 
 What? 
 Nothing. Nothing. 
 Mom? 
 Yes? 
 She's coming. 
 Dylan. Wait. What? 
 Hi, hun, what's up? 
 Remember when I started in the job and I said that we had to be prepared for anything? 
 For the good, the bad and the ugly? 
 Yes... 
 Well, things are about to get very, very ugly. 
 It's impressive, Mal. 
 Even for you. 
 Why didn't we know about this? 
 ASIO did a full background but nothing came up. 
 The polls are already sub-50. It's gonna kill us. 
 You know what they're gonna call you, don't you? 
 Chairman Mal. 
 I vote Jim Gallo, to replace Mal. 
 He's steady, I like him. 
 Though he'll have to get rid of that ridiculous massage... 
 Someone is trying to smear Mal and they're using this to... drag us into the military build-up, in the South China Sea. 
 Doesn't that make a difference? 
 Cheating on your travel allowance is a smear. This is criminal! 
 A liar. Maybe even a traitor. 
 If you sack me, I'll take the Left with me. 
 And I'll say they wanted you to wear the rest of your Leadership like a crown of thorns. 
 Don't you threaten me. 
 You have lied by omission, to Parliament... and your own constituents. 
 This is a "catastroFuck" of your own making! 
 And why should I say anything to anyone, when I've done absolutely nothing wrong? 
 If you wanna get rid of me, because I was dragged down to the Station by Chinese Policemen who couldn't tell one **** from another than you're the one who will suffer. 
 You'll look weak. 
 You'll look disloyal. 
 A leader who wouldn't give one of his own a fair go. 
 And that's un-bloody-Australian. 
 We're never getting injunction. 
 The photo is gonna get out. 
 Than we let it get out. 
 When we tell the truth, there's nothing to it. 
 You'll talk to Dunkley? 
 Harriett Dunkley doesn't care what the real story is. 
 She just wants to see me fall from a great height. No. 
 Put it out through someone else, before she gets the chance. 
 I could get it to Arnold Bennet. 
 He would know he was being taken for a ride, if you gave him a token yourself. 
 No one is getting taken for a ride, we're just giving someone the facts. 
 It's an absurd idea. 
 It's bold, alright. 
 You know what, Mal? 
 The rest of your faction are bed-wetters. 
 Running on *** and fellow-feeling. 
 But you've got guts. I'll say that for you. 
 We're gonna have to take some action. 
 Alright. Let's do it. 
 Even if.. this saves his job... 
 And that's a big "if". 
 What's the American response gonna be? 
 A Defense Minister, who seems to be under the thumb of Beijing, for 20 years? 
 Possibly, doing their bidding. 
 That photograph is gonna come out, whether we want it or not. 
 Show the U.S. we're not letting a panda call the shots. 
 Rescind Mal's order. 
 Send the ANZAC to the Naval exercises. 
 Then they'll know that we're with them, not against them. 
 We're still negotiating Hobbs. 
 We need to tread the middle line. 
 Martin, I hate to sound cruel, but that poor girl is probably dead already. 
 And now this. 
 There is no line. 
 It's disappeared from underneath us and we're falling. 
 The question is... which side are we falling to? 
 Hello? 
 Kim? 
 Harriett called. 
 She said to meet her in 15 minutes, or she would set up camp in the foyer. 
 Oh Jesus, she never lets up! 
 Are you trying to land us both in jail? 
 Did you hear about Lloyd Rankin? 
 'Cause I think it's my fault he's dead. 
 You can't know that for sure. 
 Well, the Police have insinuated as much and that's the problem, I don't... 
 I don't know for sure. 
 Come here. 
 I'm sorry, Harry. 
 Thank you. 
 Are you okay? 
 Can you just look at this for me? 
 No. You're unbelievable. 
 Just take a look... Listen, Kim. 
 Please. 
 Take a look. 
 Do you know who these people are? 
 It's... It's connected to... 
 Sabine Hobbs, Max Dalgetty, the body... 
 Harriett. in the lake. 
 Can you leave it? 
 This stuff needs to be handled by the Agencies, ok? 
 You only ever see tiny pieces of the puzzle. 
 And even when you put all those pieces together... you still only got one part. 
 You never see the whole picture. 
 Now, whoever gave you this has taken an enormous risk. 
 Kim, what do you know about...? 
 That's all you care about, isn't it? 
 The story. 
 Well, that's 'cause it's all I've got, Kim. 
 Even if I don't have the luxury of seeing the big picture. 
 How is that working out for you? 
 Just defending the Nation. Everything was cracked up to be, or is it just... one compromise after another? 
 Harry, don't start with me... with your bullshit, about journalism being about truth and democracy in action! 
 'Cause what you do has nothing to do with either! 
 You don't even care about the story. You just care that you got it. 
 You just care that your name is on the front f*ckin' page! 
 f*ck you. 
 Dancer, I ran it through face recognition. 
 It's Zheng Xiao, Minister of State Security. 
 He must be here under a false name. 
 Half the Chinese micher are MSS. 
 Yeah, well, this one is responsible for the torture and disappearance for at least a dozen Falun Gong, worldwide. 
 He's vicous. 
 You could move to expel him. 
 But then that wouldn't go too well with your Minister, or the rest of the Government. right in the middle of a diplomatic shit-fight. 
 He's following Harriett. 
 Funckin' Dalgetty. 
 What am I supposed to do? 
 Pull Agency resource into protecting a journalist? 
 You're her ex. You're the one that can stop her. Get her to drop it. 
 She won't listen to me. 
 Just.. watch out for her, that's all. 
 Please. 
 Head Office are gonna love it. 
 WHERE IS SABINE HOBBS? 
 Well done, Harry. 
 Buy you a beer? 
 No, I'm still working. 
 Someone is copying "Vinegar Hill". 
 All good, Kim. 
 Kim, it's me. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I... I was... I was a dick. 
 Can you call me back when you get this? 
 Hi, it's Harriett. 
 I wanted to ask you something. 
 I'm tempted to put the cuffs on you. 
 Can we not do this? 
 I'd like to keep it straight forward. 
 Straight forward in what way? 
 You give me information in exchange for the information I give you? 
 Are you planning on retiring as a Senior Constable, Brimmer? 
 Not if I can help it. 
 I wanna know about Rankin. 
 I wanna know if there... were any anomalies in the evidence. 
 If... there's anything to suggest that... it wasn't a suicide. 
 What, is this the part where you tell me you know someone who might have wanted him dead? 
 Cops are generally interested in that kind of stuff. 
 I don't know yet. 
 And when you do? 
 You'll be the first to know. 
 See, the problem with straight forward is that it's never anything more than superficial. 
 But that's the way I like it. 
 Hello? 
 Get in here, Harry. 
 Arnold Bennet has run with the Paxton arrest. 
 What? 
 Jesus Christ, Felix, it's 7:30, why didn't you wake me? 
 I thought you needed to rest. 
 I say you're a criminal, what do you say to that? 
 I say nothing, Ludie. 
 Correct. 
 You're a puppet in a fascist state. You lied to the public, covered up to save your own ass, threatened national security what do you say to that? 
 Nothing. 
 It's gonna be a lot worse for you out there than that. 
 I wouldn't skimp on the deodorant. You're gonna f*ckin' need it! 
 Feverish speculation of the emergence of a photo of Paxton arrested in... 
 The Hobbs' exclusive has been held over. 
 Management didn't want to compete with this. 
 Do I still get my steak knives? 
 You're needing something to stick into me? 
 I would if I could, but I am a little too busy. 
 A lot of cathing up to do. 
 Here's the East-West education beneficiaries' list. 
 Ivy Chen, You're a legend. 
 Morning meeting, people, let's go to it, come on. 
 Paxton. 
 What have we got? Not enough at the moment, it seems... So, Chinese contacts, e-mail, coal write, if you have to, ok? 
 I want results and I want them no, so move! 
 Can you dig up Australian Consulate staff? 
 I'll do it. 
 Possibly expelled. 
 Embattled Defense Minister, Mal Paxton, defiantly ran the media *** to enter Parliament, this morning. 
 It's worse than we thought. 
 Political graveyards are full of people who were loyal to idiots. 
 I'll announce his resignation at the press conference. 
 And... 
 I'm sorry, Sir, but the Chinese Ambassador is on the line. 
 I thought you met yesterday. 
 We did. 
 What does he want? 
 I don't know, Sir, but he says it's important. 
 An error on the part of an always zealous Beijing Police Officer. 
 A question of mistaken identity, as Mr. Paxton has said. 
 I'ts a very simple matter. There was no cover-up because there was nothing to hide. 
 Harriett Dunkley, from the Daily Nation. 
 Where's Sabine Hobbs? 
 Contact with her mother and the Consulate has been cut off in direct contravention of arrangement, so, where is she? What's happened to her? 
 Prime Minister! Prime Minister! 
 That was the last question. Thank you. 
 And that's the real story. You were played, Arnie. 
 I wanted to let you know I'm rescinding your decision. 
 The ANZAC is going to the South China Sea, joining the military exercise. 
 You said you weren't gonna take sides. 
 I've been forced to. 
 We can't look like Chinese stooges. 
 Beijing is gonna view this as deliberately provocative. 
 And if this continues to escalate, I want you to take a long hard look in the mirror to see who's responsible. 
 I'm f*cked if I know how you've pulled it off, Mal! 
 And you just salvage the job as nothing more than a sign on your door. 
 From this day onwards, every Defense decision goes through me. 
 Gallery has already christened you "Teflon Mal". 
 If you people want something to stick thin, you better throw something with a little more substance. 
 But I am interested in who gave you that photograph. 
 Aw, I can't tell you that. 
 Maybe now you'll get off my back. 
 Hey, where is Ivy Chen? 
 How do you explain the relationsip between you, Lloyd Rankin and Ivy Chen? 
 Why were Mining Union funds used to pay for her schooling? 
 Almost two hundred thousand dollars. 
 What happened to Lloyd Rankin, Minister? 
 Thank you, "Vinegar Hill". 
 It's just for a short time, Ivy. 
 But why do I have to go? 
 Aw, Kim, I'm so glad you called. 
 I'm in trouble, Harry. 
 What? Ok, I'm coming over. Where are you? At home? 
 No, no. No, not there.. 
 Where? 
 That hike we went on when you pulled your calf muscle. 
 Where we... Where we stopped for lunch. 
 And I need money. 
 As much as you can get. What's your limit? 
 Five thousand? 
 Ok, Kim, what's happening? Why do you need money? 
 Can you get it or not? 
 Yeah, I can... I can get it. 
 I'm leaving now. 
 It's my fault. 
 What's your fault, Kim? You're scaring me. 
 I should have worked it out. 
 Kim, its Harriet. Hum... 
 Can you call me when you get this? 'Cause I'm... I'm starting to get kind of worried. 
 You've reached Harriett Dunkley. I can't take your call right now. Leave... 
 You have one new message. 
 Harriett, listen... 
 Remember the "shared house"? 
 You were right. 
 You were right about a lot of things. 
 sh1t. 
 Head of Domestic Intelligence can't spy on his own wrist watch. 
 Sorry, I'm late. 
 Not a problem. 
 We didn't get the result we were looking for? 
 Hum, same result... just by a more circuitous route. 
 Meaning? 
 Take a ticket for a ringside seat, gentlemen. 
 Toohey is sending our boys over to join the military exercises. 
 We're taking the fight to Beijing. 
 Sting like a bee. 
 Sting like a m*therf*ckin' boxed jellyfish. 
 Ahh, let me break the good news. 
 Ambassador. 
 Madam Attorney. 
 General. 
 Ambasador. 
 Mr. Willer. 
 No-one's telling me anything. 
 Why have I been moved? 
 Where am I? 
 You're in Harbin Women's Prison. Heilongjiang province. 
 Does my mother know I'm here? 
 I'm supposed to be in Beijing. I have to be close to the Embassy. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I do not have the answers to your questions. 
 What's that? 
 Is someone else here? 
 No, we are alone. 
 Ice-cream? 
 Happy birthday. 
 How long do we have to maintain this illusion? She is blind, not stupid. 
 She was found at Mount Pleasant. 
 Next to her car. 
 It doesn't make any sense, because that's... it's a long way from our meeting place. 
 Maybe she took a detour. 
 I mean, she was scared, though. It was the whole point of the meeting. 
 You don't have to do this now if you don't feel up to it. 
 No, I wanna go in. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 