Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x04 - Falling Hard - Secret City 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x04 - Falling Hard https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=675&t=27908 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/11/16 13:03 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x04 - Falling Hard 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 I'm in trouble, Harry. 
 What? Okay, I'm coming over. 
 No, no. Not, not there. 
 Where? 
 That, that hike we went on, when you pulled your calf muscle. 
 Kim, it's Harriet. Hum... 
 Can you call me when you get this? 'Cause I'm, I'm starting to get kinda worried. 
 I know we're all shocked and saddened by the sudden loss of our colleague and friend. 
 I want to know the truth, Het. I'm not gonna get it from them. 
 But I am gonna find out what happened. 
 Hello? 
 I'm sorry, I'm Charles Dancer. 
 ASIO? 
 Does it show? 
 Harry, listen. 
 Remember the shared house? 
 You were right. 
 Kim left it for me. It's, it's some sort of message, but I just can't work it out. 
 I wanna do this. Who else are you gonna get? 
 I need cash, Gus. 
 For an air gapped computer, a new phone, a safe house, and some pretty heavy decryption software. 
 I can't authorize that. 
 I need you to hold on to the SIM. 
 What SIM? 
 Max Dalgety's. 
 Tell me about your friends in the Choir. 
 The ones that helped you organize your protest. 
 I can't. 
 Did Sabine have any involvement with dissident groups? 
 Cassie, did you and Kevin know the boy from the lake? 
 Max was like Kevin's twin brother. 
 What do you think they were doing? 
 I'm guessing it's something Darknet. 
 Something illegal? 
 Is Kevin in some sort of trouble? 
 We can't take a haphazard approach to Intelligence. 
 Safer Australia Agency. This is a bill for a Police State. 
 That thing has got 2 chances: f*ck all and none. 
 All those warships we sent to play chicken in the South China Sea. 
 One of them has crashed into a Chinese patrol boat. 
 Jesus! 
 Any loss of life will make it impossible for the Chinese to back down. 
 You fuckwit smart, get this: we won it, after all. 
 Air Traffic Control : OzAir, 804, Canberra approached, track to White Point Foxlow, UnF uniform approach, runway 35. 
 Descend to six thousand. 
 OzAir 804, tracking to White Point Foxlow, UnF uniform approach 35. 
 Descending to six thousand. 
 Air Traffic Control : OzAir 804, reduce to not above 270 knots indicated. 
 OzAir 804, report level. 
 OzAir 8... [Interference] ...804, Canberra approach. Radio check if you read me, spoke intent. 
 Velocity 629, traffic alert. I've lost contact with that aircraft. 
 [Phone vibrating] 
 Hello? What is it? 
 Yeah, I'm picking him up on the way in. 
 The airport is only 10 minutes away. 
 You don't worry, I'll be there. 
 Thanks. 
 Aw... 
 I'm picking up my wayward son from the airport. 
 He's been suspended from school, for setting fire... 
 Mal... 
 I don't wanna know. 
 Yes? 
 Yes. 
 I've been asked to stop. 
 I'm in the sh1t if I don't make this plane, David. 
 What will you do? Just pick up for me? 
 Certainly, Sir. 
 Thanks, mate. 
 We're under attack! 
 At 07:00, air traffic controller at Canberra Airport lost radio contact with Oz flight 804. 
 We were summoned here. National operations sent orders to put on stand-by. 
 804 came within a base deck of an outgoing jet. 
 But the situation righted itself. 
 And we heard it was a glitch. 
 And then 5 minutes ago, the entire communication system in Canberra went down. 
 Have we got a link to the PM in Tokyo? 
 We're working on it. 
 Yes, I understand that, but it's a matter of urgency. 
 Well, can't you try a different system? 
 Yes, but we need to get through to him. 
 I need to see the radar. 
 It's a closed system. 
 Now! 
 AsTxc, advanced stage traffic system, now. 
 How long before you're in? 
 Ah, you're here. We can't get through to the PM. 
 National operations have taken control of the situation? 
 There were 5 planes heading into land, and another 8 in Canberra ATC airspace. 
 And there's no way of talking to them. 
 We're assuming the system has been hacked. 
 Yeah. 
 Is this China? 
 In a viable possibility. And we can't discount Al-Qaeda, North Korea... 
 Speculation is no help right now. 
 It could be homegrown. Though they haven't tripped any alerts, we've had no warning. 
 For Christ's sake, people, we know who it is! 
 We killed one of their sailors. 
 The visuals are coming through now. 
 Is this one of the affected flights? 
 Yeah. 
 We need to take precautions in case this a precursor for a physical attack. 
 We should raise the alert to Echo. 
 But what if it's just another glitch? 
 Activating Echo is gonna cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
 It's troops redeployed, jets mobilized... 
 Cairns is gone. 
 Alright, contingencies are in place. 
 Aircraft on approach will continue to land according to their flight plan. 
 Those in the air will go into a prearranged holding pattern, designed to keep them apart. 
 If everyone sticks to plan, there is absolutely no risk. 
 And what if they don't stick to the plan? 
 Why haven't we got through to the PM yet? 
 A satellite trouble taking wind. 
 Well, can you keep trying? 
 Can we access defense come? 
 We're checking now if Townsville can take over Cairns. 
 Williamtown ranges too. 
 What about Richmond air base? 
 All of the air traffic controllers were redeployed from there 3 days ago. 
 What?! Who ordered that? 
 We got into Canberra air traffic controllers, definite unusual activity there. 
 Unusual activity? 
 They hacked in through the flight planning system and got control of communications. 
 Can we stop it? Can we shut it down? 
 Oh, that's the plan. 
 Yes, okay, I'm in, thanks. 
 What's he doing here? 
 I asked for him. 
 Morning. 
 Ambassador. 
 Whatever you need, let me know. 
 I'm linked to General Wallace, in Washington. 
 What about navy radio come? 
 They are all deployed. And they don't have the range. 
 They've taken out Sydney. 
 What?! 
 Alright. Let's raise Echo alert. 
 Safe base Echo... 
 Safe base Echo immediate update... 
 Yes. Immediate updates. 
 [Knocks] 
 Felix, it's me. 
 [Door opens] 
 Are you okay? 
 Apparently, I've broken several laws, most of which carry potential jail sentence. 
 Okay, I'm... I'm gonna talk to Gus. 
 I'm gonna get the paper's lawyers onto that. 
 And... and anything else that you need. 
 Felix, I'm so sorry. 
 If... If I've known that it was stolen Intelligence, I never would have... 
 I knew what I was getting into. 
 Well, I... 
 I'm just sorry I couldn't crack it. 
 I really wanted to. 
 I think I just wanted to impress you. 
 Did I impress you? 
 Yeah, very much. 
 Goodbye, Harriet. 
 Bye. 
 Nine minutes. 
 No sign of a physical attack? 
 No. 
 Cairns is on the limit of military air traffic control. 
 3 flights are safely down in Canberra, 6 in Sydney and 37 are holding. 
 How long can they do that, with limited fuel supplies? 
 Well, we've got at least 20 minutes. 
 We've got a trace, it's going through Tor. 
 In English, please... 
 Onion routing Tor encrypts data. 
 You can see it going in, and it comes out somewhere else, you can't track it. 
 So, whoever it is, is still out there controlling us? 
 What else are they planning? 
 What's happening? What is that? 
 Air New Zealand 101 into Sydney set off an emergency code, seventy-seven hundred. 
 They're diverting from the holding path. 
 Why? 
 Well, we don't know without come. 
 Mechanical emergency, fire on board... 
 They're coming into land. 
 You said there'd be no risk if they followed protocol. 
 Correct. Most of the airliners are fitted with TCAS, and automatic system that communicates jet to jet, to avoid collision. 
 Not the under 23c ***, 3 of which were in holding. Including that one. 
 We're attempting mobile contact with the pilots. 
 Will they see each other? 
 Sydney is under a heavy cloud. 
 We have to shut those bastards down, now! 
 We're counterattacking but they are evading us. We're doing everything we can. 
 Well, do more! 
 We've lost the trace. 
 No mobile contact with those pilots? 
 Alright, Ministers, I just got word. 
 Our Coast Guard's Icebreaker Polar Star is in Sydney Harbour. 
 It's fitted with a complete set of high-power VHF radios. 
 Now, I can't guarantee it's enough range, but... 
 Do it. Please. Patch them through. 
 [Radio Chatter] 
 United State's Coast Guard Ship Polar Star to Air New Zealand, Flight 101, in regional express 454. 
 Polar Star to New Zealand, Flight 101, in regional express 454? 
 Do you read me? 
 Polar Star to New Zealand, Flight 101, in regional express 454, do you read me? 
 Polar Star, New Zealand 101, read you loud and clear. 
 New Zealand 101, we're patched in and relaying and instructions. 
 Traffic to your right, 4 o'clock. 
 New Zealand 101, descending to 5000. 
 New Zealand 101, what is your emergency? 
 Cargo fire indication. Require immediate approach. 
 Your emergency is acknowledged. 
 Runway 34 Left has been cleared for you and you are clear for ILS Zulu approach. 
 Roger. ILS Zulu approach, Runway 34 Left. 
 Is it over? 
 It's over. 
 [Sighs of relief] 
 07:54. 
 Thirteen f*ckin' minutes. 
 We have the Prime Minister. 
 Give me the latest. 
 Background... 
 [Coughs] 
 Control at Canberra Airport, temporarily lost contact with OzAir 804. 
 [Door closes. Locks.] 
 [Sighs and coughs] 
 f*ck. 
 [Sighs and breathes heavily] 
 I've just spent the last hour flying around in circles, with nothing inside me, but a packet of nuts and 3 cups of a noxious beverage. 
 So, whichever one of you, bastards, is planning on giving me the sh1ts today, I advise that you hold off until after lunch. 
 A word, Harriet. 
 [Closes Door] 
 The very fact that ASD was so keen to get their hands on that SIM, is reason enough for us to not drop this story. 
 There is a Governement Agency involved, there is a Minister involved, we do not know how high up this goes. 
 Management want you out. 
 What? 
 You specifically defied me. 
 Ignored my advice and went ahead with the decryption anyway. 
 And now you and your little fuck-buddy have pissed off every Intelligence Agency in the country. 
 I told Felix that he could use our lawyers. 
 Huh. Yeah, of course he can! 
 And why? Because we are responsible! 
 Correction. YOU're responsible. 
 But because I made the ill-considered decision, 15 years ago, of recommending you for a job, we all have to wear the scent, that seems to trail like a procession after you! 
 So, am I sacked? 
 No. 
 I managed to convince them that your access to Diane Hobbs makes you valuable to the company. 
 At least for now. 
 If I break the Dalgety story, they won't care how I did it. 
 [Opens/Closes door] 
 We've blocked all access, tightened up the Firewalls, whitelisted *** machines and we have real-time threat monitoring in place. 
 And will that keep them out? 
 Nobody can guarantee that. 
 We're recalling all air traffic controllers on leave per civilian and military, and we are placing VHF stations near all the major airports. 
 If it happens again, we've got backup. 
 This wasn't an attack. 
 This was a message. 
 A shot across the bow. 
 Muzzle flexing. Showing us what they're capable of. 
 If they wanted to do real damage they could have had 747s doing loop the loop. 
 Well, somehow I don't find that very reassuring. 
 Have we confirmed where it came from? 
 Well, I've got all my people on it. We're still tracing. 
 Alright. No planes up until we know. 
 That's not your call. 
 It is when it involves Defense personnel and equipment. 
 And what are we gonna tell the public? 
 There's an outcry when there's basic delays, let alone the entire nation being grounded. 
 Non-disclosure is standard procedure in National Security matters. 
 Where's the technical issue? 
 That's being resolved. 
 When is the PM back in? 
 Well, he's cutting short his engagement, he'll be home tomorrow. 
 Your son is here. 
 Thanks, Ronnie. 
 [Door closes] 
 His son was on one of the planes. 
 What? 
 On the manifest for Flight 257. 
 He should have declared a conflict of interest. 
 He shouldn't have even been in the room. 
 Though, I think we're all glad that he was. 
 [Door opens] 
 Morning, Dylan. 
 Sorry I couldn't make the airport. 
 Happy you're here, mate. 
 We've got time for a quick coffee? 
 How are you going, mate? 
 What's up? Cat got your tongue? 
 "Oh, great to see you too, Dad." 
 "Thanks for letting me come. Getting mom off my back." 
 You want me to lick your ass? 
 Haven't you got enough people doing that all day? 
 Must be shinny as... 
 Alright... 
 Café is down the hall. 
 Steak sandwich is usually reliable. 
 Tell Ronnie if you need anything. 
 I'm a vegan! 
 It's everything I've put together for the "China/Paxton" story. 
 You probably don't need it anymore, but... 
 The PM has cut short Japan. 
 I wanna know why. 
 Don't you, Harriet? 
 I can do it. 
 I want Harriet to do it. 
 It's ok. I've got it. 
 Have you got something? 
 Well, ASD thinks we've located the originating IP address. 
 Activity trace occurs. Blipped 07:00. 
 Where's that? 
 Pudong, Shanghai. 
 That's the location of Unit 61398. 
 People's Liberation Army Cyber Unit. 
 You were in Beijing recently, weren't you? That Security conference? 
 Does any of this ring true? 
 Well, there's no way of knowing for sure what China's cyber capabilities are. 
 But it's safe to say they are way ahead of the game. 
 We've got a warship in the region. 
 They know that. 
 Well, let's find out. 
 Let's call in Dhao. 
 Hey, Ludie. 
 What's going on? 
 Well, as you can see, Miss Dunkley, I'm drinking my coffee. 
 [Chuckles] Well, the Defense Chief is here. 
 Toohey's been called back. So, something's going on. 
 It must be so frustrating not to know, huh? 
 Yes? I said get it done now. Not some time in the next millennium... 
 Yes. Yes, I understand but this is really... [Muffled] 
 Excuse me. 
 Hey. 
 I thought I saw your car at the PM's courtyard. 
 Were you at the meeting with McAuliffe... and Millard? 
 [Sighs] 
 Kim always said you're a terrier. 
 I need to know about Felix. What's gonna happen to him? 
 Is he gonna go to jail? 
 Well, to be honest... 
 I don't know if I'm prosecute. 
 To do that, ASD would have to admit to breach of security and questions surrounding a Seigneurial's murder. 
 It's a can of worms that I really won't open. 
 You, on the other hand... 
 You would be a notch on their belt. 
 Take care, Harriet. 
 I mean it. 
 
 
 
 Hey, Sasha. 
 Walk with me. 
 Listen, something is going on in the PM's office. 
 The courtyard was just full of brass. 
 Do you know Hot Todd, in the PM's Media Office? 
 Yeap. 
 Ok. Can you go down and flirt with him a little bit? 
 Just see if you can find out if he's coming or going. 
 Do you know I have a girlfriend? 
 Yeah. But he doesn't know that, right? 
 Okay. Off you go. Thank you. 
 [Indistinct conversation] 
 Cassie? 
 Hey. 
 I... I've gotta speak to somebody else in the group. 
 Somebody who knew Kevin, or Max Dalgety. 
 No one wants to talk. 
 Somebody sold Kevin out. 
 I think that he is in serious danger. 
 Now, I might be able to help him, but I need your help to do that. 
 Harriet? 
 I'll see what I can do. 
 Thank you. 
 I... I spoke to Sabine again. 
 Aw, fantastic. 
 How are you holding up? 
 I'm good. 
 Yeah? 
 Yes. 
 Come on, Todd. The PM still had a scheduled meeting with the Japanese Trade Minister and 2 industry functions. There's got to be a reason he is cutting it short. 
 Look, I don't know anything, Sasha. You're wasting your time. 
 Shhhit. 
 [Phone vibrating] 
 Yeah. Yeah, yeah... Just... 
 Hey, tha'ts not for publica... 
 Thanks, Todd. 
 Not for publication! 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Yes? 
 Yes, I'll see you there. 
 Ambassador? 
 We have a link to the Prime Minister. 
 I just want to know what's in Bailey's diary for today. Like what she's doing right right now. 
 If she wanted to talk to you, she's got your number. 
 Okay, but can I just see her diary? 
 Harriet, give me a break. I've been here since the crack of dawn. 
 So, was Bailey at the meeting with McAuliffe? 
 Okay. So, who else was there? Like, what other Agencies? 
 Here. I've got, like, a list of names. 
 I heard ASD. 
 Signals? 
 What? Are we talking 'bout some kind of security threat? 
 Bethany... 
 I'm dying for a cigarette. 
 You know where I'll be. 
 If you reveal me as your source, I'll deny it. 
 And I'll sue your paper for defamation. 
 I mean, crush it. 
 I think I have 90%. 
 The plane delays, plugging s ocial media, Toohey rushes back from Japan, Defense and Intelligence in the situation room... 
 90%? 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe you don't need me. 
 Or maybe you do. 
 This story just might save your job. 
 Your Managing Director is an old mate of mine from UNI. 
 But I'll still sue. 
 He is not that good mate. 
 So what happened this morning? 
 This needs to go out today. Big and wide. 
 Online, links to social media. Yeah. 
 Australia's Air Traffic Control came under attack from China's Cyber Terrorism Unit. 
 We lost communications from 3 airports. 
 Here, Cairns and Sydney. 
 For 13 minutes we had absolutely no contact with any planes. 
 Nor, the capacity to keep them safe. 
 So, why is the Government saying that it's a technical glitch? 
 You've got your story. 
 Now, excuse me. 
 I have to go and tell my assistant to clear out her desk. 
 Ah, no! She didn't tell me anything that I didn't already know... 
 In my office, I'm the only one who talks. 
 She knew that. 
 [Lift door opens] 
 Malcolm. 
 You were f*cking me, this morning. 
 You knew my son was in the air. 
 You still went ahead with it. 
 It wasn't us. 
 That's bullshit! 
 It's been traced to Shanghai. 
 And who told you that? The same people that leaked that photograph? 
 Who want to try to destroy your career? 
 And how long have you known about it? What else are you planning? 
 Forget it. 
 I don't expect you to tell me anything. But I don't expect to be used, either. 
 You're being used? 
 I knew this was a bad idea. 
 You came back to me. 
 I'd closed that door. 
 And you opened it again. 
 Well, I'm closing it. 
 For good. 
 You can't even see what's right in front of you. 
 I can now. 
 [Lift door closes] 
 [Lift door opens] 
 The Chinese Ambassador's wife. 
 [Elevator door closes] 
 You knew each other in Beijing. 
 Oh, since you're asking, yes. 
 She was a translator. Or she was one of many... 
 That was over 20 years ago. 
 And you... You can't catch up on old times over coffee at Ozzie's? 
 You're writing for "New Idea" now? 
 Gossip and innuendo. 
 I don't give a sh1t about what you do in your private life. 
 But there are a few things that I do wanna know. 
 An ASD agent, Kim Gordon, was killed investigating a murdered anti-China activist, who called himself Max Dalgety. 
 Dalgety knew something. Kim was killed for the same thing. 
 And I wanna know what it was. 
 This could be construed as an attempted blackmail in exchange for classified information. 
 I'm just looking for the truth. 
 Well, you do your worst, Harriet. 
 You've got nothing. 
 An old photograph from 20 years ago, an accidental meeting... 
 This is Canberra. 
 And no one's gonna run with it. 
 This isn't just a story for me. 
 I don't give a sh1t who gets hurt. 
 [Elevator beeps/Door opens] 
 [Door opens] 
 [Steps] 
 [Curtains opening] 
 No. 
 You don't have the authorization for that. 
 We didn't initiate this but it's not in our interest to react. 
 You'll see that this is the way we need to play it. 
 We could stop all this, if we just repatriated the Hobbs girl. 
 We can't do that. 
 We get nothing by keeping her. And we are risking a relationship that has taken 40 years... 
 She's already here. 
 Than why am I under daily pressure from this Government? 
 This isn't between Governments. 
 It's not even between Agencies. 
 It's deeper than that. 
 [Article pops up] 
 Holy crap! 
 Oh, for f*ck's sake! 
 Not bad. 
 I think you just got a reprieve. 
 All the TV dailies want you. Sky News is sending a crew. 
 Can you do it for me, Gus? 
 I've got another lead and I just don't wanna waste any time. 
 Oh, so this face was wasted in print. 
 [Phones ringing non-stop] 
 Answer your f*ckin' phones, people! 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Cassie? 
 You didn't tell anyone about this? 
 No. 
 Harriet Dunkley. 
 Qui. 
 Hi. 
 The black car? 
 Yeah. 
 It turned off. 
 I know that Max Dalgety was in your group. 
 I think that he was in possession of information that got in killed. 
 My best friend had that same information and now she is dead too. 
 I know about Kevin. 
 Whatever Max was doing when he died, whatever the group is into, it's not a secret anymore. 
 Please. Kevin hasn't replied to any of my messages since he left. 
 I know he would if he could. 
 Max Dalgety was part of the group. Yes. 
 Okay, so what is the group? 
 Chinese students and others, committed to exposing human-rights' abuses in Tibet, against Falun Gong and the weakers, the squashing of descent of freedom of speech. 
 How are you doing that? 
 We were communicating with activists within China, gathering evidence and, sometimes, infiltrating. 
 But hacking? 
 Max was a Darknet expert. 
 He created a network so we could communicate with each other and with the mainland activists. 
 He was very gifted. 
 What about Sabine Hobbs? 
 Her protest was part of a plan. 
 Protests all over the world. 
 Big ones. 
 People cannot ignore that. 
 Do you know what Max was doing when he died? 
 Did he hack into something? Did he... Do you know what he found? 
 Max was meeting Mae Lin that night. 
 Tha lady from the Embassy? 
 I met with her and then she disappeared. I lost contact. 
 Bet something big. 
 I'd organized to router to Tors and all the major media. 
 You were on the list. 
 I think we're being followed. It's the same car from the pick-up. 
 You lost them. How did they find us? 
 Oh, they're tracking my car. 
 You go. Take the stairs. 
 I'm gonna try to draw them away. 
 I need to see you again at 3pm. 
 At the Medical Research Building. 
 And text me when you're safe. 
 [Incoming text] 
 It's the same guy from the Paxton photo. 
 Zheng Zhao, he was on Kim's watch-list. 
 It's a Chinese-built classic MSS. 
 So, how long has it been tracking me? 
 Impossible to tell. 
 That had stored-information, then it transmit it. 
 Kim... 
 Oh, sh1t! 
 Oh, sh1t, sh1t, sh1t! 
 Ah, he was following me the night Kim died. 
 I gotta go. 
 You can't know for sure. 
 I have to go. 
 I gotta go. 
 TV : Anger is building against China in the wake of the cyber attack, I gotta go in earlier today, mate. 
 TV : Mal Paxton is... 
 Pretty heavy sh1t. 
 TV : Oh yes, there will be a response. 
 It will be a proportionate response, it will not be a knee-jerk reaction. 
 Come after careful deliberation, by Cabinet, with a view into, all possible implications. 
 [Turns off TV] 
 Ah, so I'm not gonna be around much, today. 
 Country to run, got it. 
 You can hang here or I can get the cab to drop you off in the city. 
 Come on, you can see what's happening. 
 Even if you're coming with me, I won't see you. 
 It will be boring. 
 Life's boring. 
 [Door bell] 
 Alright. That's the driver, I can get 2 minutes. 
 Alright, well, let's talk about this later. 
 Okay, bye. 
 Joe wants me to ask you if it was an inside-job. 
 If it was what an inside-job? Who's Joe? 
 My friend. The cyber attack. 
 He thinks that our Government brought down our Air Traffic Control Systems? 
 Yeah. Like 9-11 and the CIA. 
 So they could justify invading Afghanistan. 
 Or the French Government behind the shootings of Charlie Hebdo. 
 Right. Well, Joe is an idiot. 
 And you are too if you buy into that conspiracy bullshit. 
 Hey, you're not an idiot. Okay? 
 Sorry, mate, you're not an idiot. 
 Okay. 
 Is that what you really think, though, about this Government? 
 No. I mean, you're alright. Doing an alright job. 
 High praise, indeed. Thanks. 
 Joe is an idiot, though. 
 He's the one who set the Science lab on fire, I wasn't even there. 
 Yeah, how exactly did that happen? That fire? 
 He thought he could cook meth. 
 Do you wanna grab the coffees? 
 Yeah, sure. 
 See you in there. 
 [Door opens] 
 Morning, Ronnie. 
 Morning. 
 Can I get a list of everyone who was in that situation room yesterday, please? 
 And Hartzig. 
 Get me Hartzig on the line now. 
 It did make sense that Kim wasn't killed at Mount Pleasant. 
 There's inconsistencies in the report. 
 Thank you for helping me with this. 
 It's the first solid lead that you have given me on anything. 
 What? 
 What is it? 
 I don't know for sure, but... 
 It could be that she was on her way to see you and someone cut her off. 
 Blocked her. 
 And maybe she tried to get past it. 
 Or over it. 
 There's skid marks. 
 Broken branches. 
 This could be the place she was attacked. 
 We should see this as an opportunity. 
 The cyber attack? 
 Safer Australia. 
 Go to Cabinet with a next generation Satellite. 
 *** capability and along with the enhanced panels. 
 That would be a big payday for Defense. 
 Well, the Department appreciates a Minister who can bring home the bacon. 
 You know, up until this morning, I would have thought Safer Australia was dead in the water, but now with this cyber attack all over the news, suddenly, we've got a big leak we need to plug. 
 Hum. I assume investigations are underway. 
 You know what I find interesting? 
 What are the chances that just before a massive attack, on our Air Traffic Control systems, all of the trained staff at a nearby airbase, are redeployed, unavailable. 
 It would have been good gracious. 
 And then there's the Polar Star. 
 Two days ago, on its way to the Antarctic Base, on a supply mission, it's recalled to Sydney Harbour, no discernable reason. 
 Orders from the very highest level of In... 
 I can't comment on US operational matters, Minister. 
 You just think we are very, very lucky. 
 I think so. 
 Well, maybe I should get myself a Lottery ticket. 
 Maybe you should to. 
 Thank you, General. 
 [Incoming text] 
 [Door opens] 
 Hello, mate. 
 How did you go with McAuliffe? 
 Pict'ed. He was walking into the Attorney General's office. 
 That is a good result. Can you text that to me? 
 What do you need it for? 
 Well, I will tell you about that, in a long, long time from now. 
 I was thinking... 
 Uh-oh. 
 Maybe, I can go to school here. 
 I mean, they don't want me back at Joeys. 
 Well, they will when they find out that it was Walter White who burnt that lab down, not you. 
 I'll call him. 
 Ah, Dylan... 
 Mate. 
 You see what it's like for me here. 
 I'm... I'm never home, I work 24/7. 
 I live on Patron and red wine. 
 This wouldn't be practical. 
 Sure, I get it. 
 I think I'm going to town. Can I have some money? 
 Yeah. Sure. 
 [Clears throat] 
 Thanks. 
 [Phone rings] 
 I've gotta take this. 
 I'll see you later. Yeah? 
 Hello? 
 Yeah, look, I can do the 3h30, but... 
 Tell him I'll call on approach and... 
 I didn't get them. 
 [Door closes] 
 Can you send it through again? 
 Hey, Mom, it's me. 
 I'm coming home early. 
 Today. 
 Hi, Cassie, it's Harriet. 
 Ah, Qui hasn't shown up. 
 Can you give me a call when you get this? I'm worried. 
 [Incoming text] 
 Never again do we want to see an attack like the one that we saw in this country yesterday. 
 The security breach has highlighted the need for one body to coordinate military and domestic Intelligence services. 
 Today, I'm announcing the creation of the Safer Australia Agency, to be headed by the Attorney-General. 
 Safer Australia will gather information from all of the other Agencies, including ASD, ASIS, ASIO and the Australian Federal Police. 
 Connected to our closest allies, through the Five Eyes international arrangement, Safer Australia will ensure that no threat to our nation's security will go undetected. 
 Safer Australia Agency will retain keys for all encrypted communications within Australia and in-and-out of the country. 
 No one who is planning to do harm, will be able to hide. 
 It will be an offense to report or publish any information identified by the Agency as detrimental to National Security. 
 [Journalist's questions] 
 One moment, please... 
 Futhermore, the Agency has the power to detain and question anyone suspected of having such information. 
 Is she f*ckin' serious? 
 [Journalist's questions] 
 Thank you. 
 [Journalist's talking] 
 Thank you all. 
 Yes, thank you very much for coming. 
 Huh, thanks for having us... 
 We've been played, Gus. 
 Yeah. Yeah, we have. 
 [Shots fired] 
 sh1t. 
 [Panting] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 