Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - In Your Bones - The Village 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - In Your Bones https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=888&t=33369 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/06/19 10:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - In Your Bones 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously, on "The Village"... 
    weeks. 
 How could she possibly not know until    weeks? 
 -  Look at me! 
 -  I don't know 
 who I'm looking at! 
 Who's the guy? 
 Well, have you told him? 
 Let me guess. 
 Your mom thinks it's a bad idea. 
 Please don't conflate this with us. 
 I mean, you didn't tell me. 
 - It wouldn't have made a difference. 
 -  You don't know that. 
 - Anything else? 
 - Nope. 
 Are you asking me out? 
 I need to look like I'm not catastrophically single tonight. 
 She's legal. 
 I know her, she's my neighbor. 
 My ex-husband arranged for the translator. 
 He could have been saying anything. 
 Bond is granted and set in the amount of $  ,   . 
 Patricia, what is it? 
 The cancer's back, Ron. 
 You made a mistake. 
 It's what got Cooper killed. 
 The hell are you talking about? 
 I don't want to live there, Gabe-y. 
 Well, what's the alternative? 
 [NEW BIRTH IN NEW ENGLAND'S "PHOSPHORESCENT" PLAYS] 
 [FUNKY UPBEAT MUSIC] 
 Oh... 
 [SIGHS] 
 ♪ ♪    Ugh, I fell asleep. 
 You fell a lot. 
 The couch was just the final landing spot. 
 - I drank all that? 
 - Rushed it like a sorority. 
 Ugh... 
 Oh, God, my daughter's going to think I had s*x. 
 ♪ ♪    - Did I have s*x? 
 - Uh, no. 
 No. 
 - What time is it? 
 -  :  . 
 Oh, okay. 
 She's still asleep. 
 No school today or... 
 Um, she was suspended. 
 - Oh. 
 - I have to go. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Those look delicious and... 
 - and this was fun, I think. 
 - No, it was. 
 Maybe you can tell me about it sometime? 
 Any time in particular? 
 Um, tonight. 
 There's a thing. 
 - I can text you? 
 - I'd like that. 
 Oh, wait, wait, wait. 
 You forgot this. 
 - Thank you. 
 - And, uh, this. 
 And this. 
 ♪  It was the very first time  ♪ ♪  we laid eyes on you  ♪    - [LAUGHING] 
 I can't. 
 - Cleared for takeoff. 
 See ya. 
 ♪ ♪    ♪  We were shaking  ♪ ♪  in the medical basement  ♪    ♪  And I guess everything  ♪ ♪  was on arrears  ♪    Yeah, I can't wait to see. 
 ♪ ♪    Hey, you okay? 
 ♪ ♪    Yeah. 
 That's a lie. 
 You have the same lie face. 
 Uh, I'm visiting the widow of one of my teammates today. 
 Oh. 
 That must be hard. 
 That your, uh, morning look? 
 Uh, I'm wearing nighttime clothes because I fell asleep at a friend's place. 
 No judgment. 
 Nick. 
 One of us is about to pee on the floor, so... 
 Come on, pal. 
 Sarah, I'm moving my things up from storage. 
 Who knew there was room? 
 [STRUGGLING] 
 There's not. 
 Less talking and more lifting. 
 Break's over. 
 [GRUNTING] 
 ♪  Don't I know ya,  ♪ ♪  Don't I know ya  ♪    I didn't have s*x. 
 Are you bragging or apologizing? 
 ♪ ♪    Hey, where are you going? 
 Out. 
 Lip gloss. 
 Katie! 
 Who's the boy? 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 It's  :   a.m., you're wearing lip gloss, and there's a boy on the stoop. 
 Is that him? 
 - Jagger? 
 - I refuse to call him that. 
 You don't have to call him anything. 
 You're not meeting him. 
 - Hold! 
 - Easy for you to say. 
 - Are you going to tell him? 
 - Mom, there's people. 
 - Why can't I meet him? 
 - Because you smell    like a wino. 
 Proceed. 
 Put your back into it. 
 Katie, we need to discuss this. 
 Gonna find out eventually. 
 Well, do you know what you're going to say? 
 Hey, Jagger, I'm pregnant. 
 I mean, what you want from him. 
 You have to understand you're opening the situation up. 
 And you have to understand that I like him. 
 Like, a lot. 
 Like, almost as much as you love being in control. 
 What I love is you. 
 I'm afraid he doesn't. 
 Katie, I heard you say he wanted to see other people. 
 Yeah, to know if we're really right for each other. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Baby, kids say things like that. 
 I'm not your baby. 
 I'm having a baby. 
 Okay, and he is not a kid. 
 He is the father of my baby. 
 He texted me this morning. 
 Said he missed me. 
 You know, maybe, in my story the guy doesn't leave. 
 Wouldn't you want that for me? 
 [EXHALES] 
 Great. 
 Thanks. 
 I'll let you know how it goes. 
 - Son. 
 - Son. 
 [KISSING] 
 Son. 
 - Son. 
 - No, no. 
 Both children. 
 Children. 
 My son, your daughter, TOGETHER: Daughter. 
 [SPEAKING ARABIC] 
 - Good job. 
 - Ava Behzadi. 
 [TENSE MUSIC] 
 Come with me. 
 ♪ ♪     What's going on? 
 You're coming home. 
 Mamma! 
 [TOUCHING MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     Given the size and location of the tumor, it's best to take an immediate course of action. 
 You'll start with a few rounds of chemotherapy in the hopes of shrinking the tumor. 
 If that's successful, we'll proceed with surgery, then radiation therapy. 
 Does all of that makes sense? 
 A few months of chemo, surgery, and radiation. 
 We're familiar from the last time. 
 Often the questions come later. 
 You can call any time. 
 ♪ ♪     Thank you, Doctor. 
 Reception will schedule your first treatment. 
 - How soon? 
 - It's aggressive. 
 We'll wanna get right on it. 
 No, no, no, that was this morning actually. 
 Yeah, bye. 
 You bet. 
 Bye. 
 What, are you telling people already? 
 No, baby, that was my brother. 
 Who will tell his wife, who will tell her prayer circle. 
 People just want to help, Patricia. 
 They can't. 
 That's why they resort to sappy affirmations and prayer lists. 
 Look, the power of prayer     - has been scientifically proven to... 
 - Ron! 
 I don't want people to know until they must. 
 I just want them to go on with their lives and leave me alone to fight this. 
 ♪ ♪     Does that include me, too? 
 I'm gonna take the long way home. 
 [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     Something about a girl with a sharp object. 
 - How you doing, soldier? 
 - Mm-mm. 
 Civilian. 
 I'll believe it when I see it. 
 Hop over here and give a girl a hug. 
 How's that leg? 
 I'll spare you the pants drop. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 - Does it hurt? 
 - No. 
 Only when I overdo it. 
 - So it hurts. 
 - [BOTH LAUGHING] 
 So, what exactly is this place? 
 - Boxlates. 
 - Boxlates? 
 - Boxlates. 
 - Wow. 
 Pilates and boxing. 
 Stretch you out and then kick your ass. 
 - Wow, where do I sign up? 
 - I'll kick yours for free. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 It's gonna be a minute until I'm up and running. 
 You know they have people that do this, right? 
 It's too expensive. 
 Life insurance bought the place, but sweat equity is gonna have to renovate it. 
 How you holding up? 
 Missing him is nothing new. 
 I did it half a year, every year. 
 [INDIE FOLK MUSIC] 
 So I heard a rumor from the guys that you ran into an old girlfriend at the VA? 
 She told you you have a kid? 
 A daughter. 
 She's seventeen. 
 Hell of a thing to get sprung on you. 
 ♪ ♪     Or not? 
 Nick. 
 I've known for a while longer. 
 Like, weeks? 
 Seven years? 
 And mom didn't know you knew. 
 So she was like, "Nick, you have a kid," and you were like... 
 [INSINCERELY] 
 "Wow."     ♪ ♪     Because? 
 ♪ ♪     I think I was just scared she'd change her mind about telling her that I'm her dad. 
 You know, I mean, we haven't yet. 
 We haven't told her, but, um, I met her. 
 ♪ ♪     She's great. 
 That'll be good for you. 
 Family. 
 ♪ ♪     Amy, um... 
 there's something I have to tell you. 
 ♪ ♪     About how Cooper died. 
 ♪ ♪     Look at that. 
 Break's over. 
 Come on, I'm gonna put you to work. 
 ♪  No one left will remember us  ♪     I mean, my dad's pressing me to take the early acceptance to Hunter, but, I mean, I don't get why I wouldn't just wait it out,     see if NYU comes through, you know? 
 I mean, it's more expensive, but... 
 how cool would that be, right? 
 Really cool. 
 I was glad you texted. 
 It's kinda been awhile, so... 
 Yeah. 
 Emma was totally jealous of you. 
 - She was? 
 - Of course she was. 
 Look at you. 
 We broke up on Friday. 
 You knew that, right? 
 I've been out on suspension. 
 I... 
 [LAUGHS] 
 I heard. 
 That's awesome. 
 Not really. 
 - Jagger? 
 - Yeah, hold on. 
 - Jagger. 
 - One second, sorry. 
 ♪ ♪      [TEXT TONE] 
 ♪ ♪      Katie. 
 Please tell me you didn't track my phone. 
 That would be a lie. 
 - Where's the kid? 
 - He's not a kid. 
 And I don't want to talk about it. 
 [OLD MOVIE ACCENT] 
 Good man's hard to find these days. 
 - Seriously, mom? 
 - Seems as soon as you find one, some dame comes along, flashes her skirt, and poof. 
  's movie heroine voice is so inappropriate. 
 Sometimes it makes you smile. 
 [MOVIE ACCENT VOICE] 
 To hell with men, that's what I say. 
 We women have to stick together. 
 Why sure, we do. 
 I'd take a friend like you over half a man like him any day. 
 [BOTH LAUGHING] 
 Take a friend like you, too. 
 [TOUCHING MUSIC] 
 ♪ ♪     Almost like you never left. 
 Oh! 
 How am I out, Ben? 
 People came together, you know? 
 What people? 
 Policeman's Union has a relief fund. 
 It's... 
 it's like a loan. 
 You took out a $  ,   loan to pay my bond? 
 It's not a big deal. 
 I wasn't even going to mention it. 
 Mom, this is for you! 
 Wow, you made it? 
 Mm-mm, Ava. 
 Mm. 
 - Mm. 
 - It's good, right? 
 Mm. 
 Funny thing about salt and sugar. 
 - Easily confused. 
 - Mm. 
 I'm... 
 gonna let you two catch up. 
 - Mmm. 
 - I missed you. 
 Hey, I gotta cut out, boss. 
 Having a party for someone in my building, and I volunteered to help. 
 Look at you, already making friends. 
 You should come. 
 Be nice to get out of the house. 
 Dust-free environment. 
 Mingling with strangers is not really my bag. 
 Cooper was the social one. 
 - Amy, uh... 
 - I don't want to know, Nick. 
 [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
 Unless it's a story that ends with him alive, I don't... 
 I don't want to know. 
 ♪ ♪     Text me your address. 
 ♪ ♪     Great. 
 ♪ ♪      I have been of service. 
 I have tripled my case load. 
 I have sown love, checked my ego. 
 I have been an agent for good, and you've put this poison back in my body. 
 ♪ ♪     [SOBBING] 
 This black rot,     blooming in my core. 
 ♪ ♪     This was not the deal. 
 ♪ ♪     I have held up my end. 
 ♪ ♪     How dare you? 
 ♪ ♪     [DOOR OPENS, CREAKS] 
 Well, why don't I show them the Park Slope unit after we hit Dumbo? 
 Great. 
 Okay, thank you. 
 Hi! 
 Hi, I'm Sarah Campbell. 
 I hope you don't mind. 
 I found you in the parent directory. 
 Oh, do our kids go to school together? 
 They're having a child together. 
 ♪ ♪      I'm sorry, my son talks to me about who he's dating, 
 and I have not heard that name. 
 I thought my kid told me everything, too. 
 This would have been about    weeks ago. 
 weeks? 
 Well, he's been with Emma that whole time, and before that there was, a Chantel and a Megan. 
 Well, in the middle somewhere, there was a Katie. 
 Well, I guess she worked fast. 
 I'm sorry, did you just list your son's conquests and then call my daughter a slut? 
 I'm just saying, they all date around. 
 - I trust Katie. 
 - Well, that explains why you didn't have her on birth control. 
 And this explains where your kid learned to shirk responsibility. 
 - You listen to me... 
 - No, I will not. 
 I will not listen. 
 I will not be shut down by you like my daughter was by your son. 
 My daughter is kind and she is funny and she is creative, and despite a world that is shouting otherwise, she still believes that people are fundamentally good. 
 I will not let your son take that from her. 
 Her life is gonna be hard enough. 
 What are you asking for? 
 [MELANCHOLY MUSIC] 
 Just that he treat her kindly     and that he own this. 
 ♪ ♪     That's it. 
 ♪ ♪     How did you get out? 
 I made bond. 
 There will be a hearing to see if I'm deported. 
 How can I help? 
 Your help is why they picked me up     in the first place. 
 I did nothing you did not ask me to do. 
 Forging documents? 
 Is it true? 
 You told me that you were protesting at the university in Tehran, that your life was in danger. 
 You said you would get the evidence     the government required. 
 Evidence of anonymous phone calls in the night? 
 What did you think I would find? 
 You can stand in court and say, "I didn't know," because I gave you plausible deniability. 
 [DOOR OPENING AND CLOSING] 
 Told you to text me so I could help you carry. 
 Dad. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Looking for your grandfather. 
 Got a call from the nursing home. 
 They told me he was removed from their care by family, and I thought, "Well, I'm his family", - "but I didn't remove him." - I was gonna tell you. 
 They gave him this terrible roommate. 
 - Broke his hip on those stairs. 
 - Yeah, but he's better now. 
 Nothing gets better at   , son. 
 More things break. 
 That's why he's in a home. 
 So they can take care of him while he falls the hell apart. 
 I'm gonna take care of him. 
 You? 
 Come on. 
 You're two months from finishing law school, you're studying for the bar, and you have an internship     - at my firm. 
 - Dad. 
 You don't have the bandwidth. 
 Don't be stupid. 
 Something's going to slip, and if it's not your grandfather on those stairs, it's gonna be your future. 
 Don't you speak to him like that. 
 - He's my son. 
 - And you're mine. 
 I will not have you disrespect him under my roof. 
 It's not your roof anymore, Pop. 
 He lived here    years. 
 And Gabriel lived with me every time you disrespected your wife. 
 Wow, what a hero. 
 Except when it comes to practical things like, I don't know, keeping a job? 
 Food on the table? 
 Look at this dump. 
 You didn't even leave him room to study. 
 Get the hell out of my apartment. 
 You wanna blow everything up for an old man? 
 Hm? 
 It's your call. 
 But your grandfather's a taker, son. 
 My advice: Don't get took. 
 Watch your step, huh? 
 This is beautiful, isn't it? 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 Sometimes I come up here     and just breathe in the city. 
 Couple of nights ago, I got an earful. 
 You and Sarah. 
 How full? 
 Your drama is not my business, and as far as I'm concerned, it's nobody else's either. 
 - Well, I appreciate that. 
 - But, Sarah now, she is my business, my girl, and her girl... 
 that's my baby girl, and if you hurt them, I will fire you and do other bad stuff. 
 - I still don't work for you. 
 - The hell you don't. 
 First shift is tomorrow. 
 I got my eye on you, son. 
 It's gonna be good. 
 We're gonna be tight. 
 [TEGAN AND SARA'S "STOP DESIRE" PLAYS] 
 ♪ ♪     ♪  I can't deny  ♪ ♪  I'm begging for attention  ♪     Any chance you're looking up a Bungled Negroni? 
 Enzo just ordered one. 
 I am texting my daughter and obsessing over her lack of response. 
 Huh. 
 That's productive. 
 Well, here's hoping it tastes like a screwdriver. 
 ♪ ♪     How's your friend's widow? 
 Putting one foot in front of the other. 
 And you? 
 Only one foot. 
 ♪ ♪     So, no booze, huh? 
 Not even your old standby,     Crystal Light and vodka? 
 No, I have graduated to Chardonnay. 
 - Ooh. 
 - Yeah. 
 Last night I earned a doctorate. 
 We really don't know each other anymore. 
 Either of you know what a Bungled Negroni is? 
 You made it. 
 Yeah, already taking orders apparently. 
 ♪ ♪     Hey, pretty sure we met the other night. 
 Uh, John. 
 You're the vet? 
 - Nick. 
 - Right. 
 - What's your drink? 
 - Water. 
 I... 
 I... 
 I overdid it a bit last night. 
 Really? 
 - Kidding. 
 There you go. 
 - Thanks. 
 [LAUGHING] 
 ♪  In a minute I'll be hoping  ♪ ♪  that you're outside  ♪     Uh... 
 I just spotted a friend, so I'm gonna go ahead and leave you two without a chaperone. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 - Good to see you, John. 
 - Yeah, you too. 
 That guy disappears whenever I show up. 
 You have something against being left alone with me? 
 Only that it hasn't happened enough. 
 ♪ ♪     Do I know you? 
 Everything disappears at the stroke of midnight. 
 - Hope you brought a robe. 
 - Nice. 
 I'm kidding. 
 You look great. 
 I'm glad you came. 
 - So where's the kid? 
 - Dodging her mother. 
 And which one's she? 
 You serious? 
 You think I came for the appetizers? 
 Serve me up some drama, Porter. 
 Um, by the drink table. 
 ♪  Right where I want you,  ♪ ♪  back against the wall  ♪     ♪  Trust when I promise,  ♪ ♪  Never let you fall  ♪     Okay, too personal. 
 Damn. 
 Nice work, young Nick. 
 Keep your voice down. 
 - Wait until I get this drink in me. 
 - Yeah. 
 Hey. 
 How was your walk? 
 I shouldn't have snapped like that earlier today. 
 I guess I just don't want to be made the spectacle of. 
 I should have asked you before talking to my brother. 
 I'm sorry. 
 You're such a good man, and I am a lucky woman. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 I'm gonna mingle until Ava gets here, and then can we... 
 can we call it an early night? 
 Oh, yeah. 
 [KISSING] 
 ♪  You're fuel for my fire  ♪     Stare all you want, she's a married woman. 
 Husband's a monster. 
 I just can't help myself. 
 Can you, uh, spare five minutes? 
 Yeah. 
 ♪  You can't stop desire,  ♪ ♪  Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  ♪     ♪  Stop desire,  ♪ ♪  Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh  ♪     - You told his mother? 
 - I've been texting you. 
 Yeah, so has he. 
 Mostly exclamation points. 
 How could you do this without talking to me first? 
 I couldn't let him disrespect you like that. 
 So you disrespect me yourself? 
 I was standing up for you, Katie. 
 That's what a mother does. 
 Well, you know what a friend does? 
 Gives you a heads-up. 
 ♪ ♪     Go, go, go. 
 ♪  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  ♪     ♪  Stop desire,  ♪ ♪  oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  ♪     Well, it looks like you might get your drama. 
 - Let me guess. 
 - That's the kid. 
 - Katie, wait, please. 
 - Do not follow me. 
 I'm turning location services off. 
 [SIGHS] 
 [LIMPING APPROACHING STEPS] 
 
 
 
 Place has an echo. 
 This seat taken? 
 You'll regret it. 
 Only when I try to get back up. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 Ah. 
 This better be good. 
 Katie talked to the dad today, and it went like I assumed it would. 
 Now I'm bracing for an "I told you so." From what little I know, you and he are very different people. 
 So she's mad at you because...? 
 I told his mother he's a terrible human being. 
 Interesting tactic. 
 Napalm first, ask questions later. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 Well, it could have been a lot worse. 
 [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
 You've been mad at this kid for    years. 
 ♪ ♪     At least I know he grows up okay. 
 ♪ ♪     Hm. 
 ♪ ♪     - I'm glad you sat down. 
 - Yeah. 
 [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING] 
 - Sorry. 
 - No, actually, uh, I'm... 
 - I'm in your sp... 
 - No, please. 
 No, really. 
 I was just, um,     grabbing something from downstairs. 
 ♪ ♪     [BOTH SIGHING] 
 - You should, uh... 
 - Yeah. 
 Bye. 
 ♪ ♪      I wasn't actually grabbing anything, 
 and, uh, now this is awkward. 
 - John. 
 - You don't owe me an explanation. 
 We've been out twice. 
 Nick's not here for me. 
 He's here for Katie. 
 She thinks her father was a mistake and he wasn't. 
 [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
 She doesn't know it's him? 
 I was hurt at first. 
 Then I found out he was in Ranger School and... 
 I didn't want her finding a father who was just gonna get killed. 
 ♪ ♪     Look, Sarah, a couple years ago, I would have risen to the challenge here, because you're awesome and stunning... 
 He's just my daughter's father now. 
 Yeah. 
 [SIGHS] 
 When you asked me out the other day, you said you didn't want to look catastrophically single. 
 In front of who? 
 ♪ ♪     - [SIGHS] 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 ♪ ♪     I think I know where this is headed. 
 Just trying to learn from my mistakes, of which there have been plenty. 
 ♪ ♪     But thank you. 
 This was fun. 
 It was. 
 ♪ ♪     I'll see you. 
 ♪ ♪     We have a strong relationship with our family priest, who does a lot of counseling, and I think it would be helpful for both of you to sit down with him. 
 - Mom, she's not Catholic. 
 - Clearly. 
 You don't have to be Catholic to take some good advice. 
 My sister has two extra rooms in Staten Island, and of course, this would have to be worked out, but there is a childcare center nearby, which would allow you to work. 
 I was planning to live with my mom. 
 Well, I heard it was a one-bedroom. 
 Two. 
 We converted the dining room. 
 - Is there a door? 
 - French? 
 Honey, I think that this plan     makes a little bit more sense. 
 This is all obviously pending a paternity test. 
 Justin. 
 And we will discuss with Paul about deferring college for a year so that he can contribute. 
 Who's Paul? 
 Your name is Paul? 
 This isn't happening. 
 Did you have college plans, sweetheart? 
 Um, I'm into art. 
 She does these, uh, yarn     - things. 
 - Bombs. 
 No idea what we're talking about. 
 Justin, dammit, could you just... 
 I was thinking school of visual arts. 
 Well, there is plenty of opportunities to knit with a baby. 
 I don't mean to be rude, but my mom and I are already discussing this. 
 No offense, but barking at me about your honor is a lot easier than actually handling this mess. 
 This isn't a mess, okay? 
 This is a baby. 
 Katie. 
 Katie, wait. 
 I have money for a cab. 
 - Without a paternity test? 
 - What's that supposed to mean? 
 You're the only person I've been with. 
 Okay, well, they don't know that. 
 - But you do. 
 - Do I? 
 Yeah, you do, because I told you so. 
 Look, they're just trying to help, okay? 
 - Well, I don't need it. 
 - Oh, really? 
 You have a single mom who works at a nursing home. 
 Who isn't trying to dictate how you live your life. 
 No, she's just narcing me out to my parents so they can! 
 You know what I heard back there? 
 I heard I could have the family priest     and a room at your aunt's house. 
 What nobody mentioned is whether I get you. 
 [POIGNANT MUSIC] 
 You said that you missed me. 
 ♪ ♪     But do you want me? 
 Because I still want you. 
 ♪ ♪     I think we should just do what my mom says. 
 ♪ ♪     - You're a kid. 
 - So are you. 
 ♪ ♪      ["SIDE BY SIDE" BY LAYUP PLAYING] 
 ♪ ♪     I'm glad I got to see you taking a break. 
 Liquid courage. 
 I told Ava I'd keep helping her with her case. 
 You're a good boy. 
 - We were immigrants too, you know. 
 - Yeah. 
 What I don't know how to do is keep her here. 
 You'll figure it out. 
 Come on. 
 I got something to show you. 
 ♪  Will lead me home, to you I'll go  ♪     Look, Gabe-y. 
 A place to work when my opera gets too loud. 
 ♪ ♪     You did this for me? 
 Ron moved the desk. I dragged the lamp. 
 ♪  I've walked alone  ♪     What do you think? 
 Where do I hang my shingle? 
 ♪ ♪     ♪  Now I stand by your side  ♪      
 - Ah, there she is. 
 - [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] 
 Okay, everybody. 
 Eyes up here. 
 [APPLAUSE] 
 One of our own has returned home. 
 - ALL: Whoo! 
 - [APPLAUSE] 
 Ava, I offer you this. 
 ♪  
 From the coldest nights "Born in Babylon,"     "both non-white and woman,"     "what did I see to be except myself?"     "I made it up here on the bridge"     "between starshine and clay,"     "my one hand holding tight my other hand."     "Come celebrate with me"     "that every day something tries to kill me"     "and has failed."     [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] Go get your mamma back. [APPLAUSE] Thank you for that. Aww. ♪  We'll be all right  ♪     ♪  As long as we  ♪     What the hell is wrong with you? ♪  Side by side  ♪     [DOOR OPENS] You wanna tell me what I did? Why would you read that poem to me in front of people when I told you that I did not want to be made a spectacle of? It was for Ava. "Come celebrate with me that every day"     "something has tried to kill me and has failed."     Okay. Maybe a little bit for you. You know the poet, Lucille Clifton, had cancer? Yes, I know. I also know that she died of it. The celebration ended. [BOTH SIGHING] Of all the poems... - I'm not gonna let you keep running. - Get out of my way. - I said get out of my way! - Why? Hmm? So you can leave me again like you did last time? I didn't leave you. I spared you me in the depths because you couldn't handle my pain, the puking, the grief, the fear. - I never asked to be spared. - Oh, please,     and I didn't ask for Lucille-damn-Clifton, the bleach everywhere. The platitudes. The way you cope, it's... it's more work for me, Ron, being in charge of your pain and mine. I don't have it in me. But you are stronger than you know. Stop it. I feel broken and betrayed and scared. Well then tell me what I can do different. You tell me to just shut up or fend for my damn self or just leave you the hell alone, but I will not abandon ship. Do you hear me? You're gonna just have to suck it up and let me love you the best I can, because this is my life at stake, too. [TOUCHING MUSIC] You're an organ in my body, woman. If you fail, I fail. ♪ ♪     Then you better get yourself right, my love, because... I have a bad feeling about this. ♪ ♪     [RAGGED GASP] Okay... ♪ ♪      That party didn't seem appropriate, given it's a long road, . but people wanted to show their support. I'm touched by it. - Ben, I need you to take this. - Okay, what is it? $ ,   . I'll pay the rest in installments. I don't understand. Where'd it come from? [ETHEREAL MUSIC] I sold a few things. I sold jewelry. - It doesn't matter. - Ava, it's a bond. I get my money back after your court date, but you can't get back whatever you sold. You have to take it. ♪ ♪     Your generosity is overwhelming, Ben,     but I can't accept it. That dependent person I've been is not how I want my son to see me. Lord knows I want the best for that boy. I know. It means the world to me. ♪ ♪     I'm also fond of his Farsi-singing mamma. Oh, you like that, huh? I may have watched a few times. - Just a few? - [CHUCKLES] ♪ ♪     Your Nonna's mostaccioli. It's, like,   :   at night. You've gotta keep your strength up. ["GIRL" BY SYML PLAYING] Pretend I'm not here. ♪ ♪     ♪  Perfectly her  ♪      - It's good, right? - [CHUCKLES] ♪  I'll wear your pain  ♪     He's not wrong, your father. I wasn't always there for him when he was growing up. ♪ ♪     You've always been there for me. I'm gonna take care of you, Gabe-y. ♪ ♪     How about we take care of each other? Hm? I think Nonna would have liked that. ♪ ♪     ♪  I want you to see  ♪     ♪ ♪     There's lots of leftover food. I'm good. Are you? ♪ ♪     I shouldn't have talked to Jagger's mother without telling you. His real name is Paul. Secretly a Beatle. Who would have thunk? You spoke? I was spoken to. His mother said that you barked at her defending my honor? She's lucky I had the leash on. ♪ ♪     ♪  And rip out the cords  ♪ ♪  and uncover your eyes  ♪     Where do you think I'd be if you'd given me up for adoption? ♪ ♪     I think you'd be loved somewhere. ♪ ♪     Where do you think you'd be? ♪ ♪     There was this study a few years ago. They tested all of these old women     and found male cell tissue in their hearts. You know why? ♪ ♪     They were all mothers of sons. Turns out we trade cells before birth. ♪ ♪     I'm in your bones, girl. ♪ ♪     And you are everywhere in me. So wherever I ended up, I would still be with you. ♪  You'll see the world  ♪     ♪  And you'll come to learn  ♪     ♪ ♪     Something about a man who knows his macramé. Well, I'd say something funny if I knew what that word meant. - Thank you. - [WINCES] You okay? Yeah, it just gets a little sore at the end of the day. Painkiller? No. How's it been? Well, I'm getting a prosthetic that I can play basketball on soon, so I guess that's cool. Can I touch it? I'm glad you're safe now. [TOUCHING MUSIC] Home. ♪ ♪     - No, we can't do that. - We're both alone. You're Cooper's wife. - Yeah, he's dead. - Yeah, because of me. [SOMBER MUSIC] What are you talking about? ♪ ♪     We rolled into Helmand on intel from an interpreter. Cooper didn't trust him, but... I pulled rank and I put him in the same Humvee. ♪ ♪     We got hammered from every direction, Ame. It was a mess. ♪ ♪     It was a mess that the interpreter that I trusted walked us right into. ♪ ♪     How do you know that? [CLEARS THROAT] Because as soon as we were hit, he shot Cooper in the head. Deacon took him out, but it was too late. ♪ ♪     It was my fault, Ame. I didn't listen to him, and now he's dead. ♪ ♪      [GENTLE PIANO MUSIC] ♪ ♪      [TOM WALKER'S "LEAVE A LIGHT ON" PLAYS] ♪  The second someone mentioned  ♪     ♪  you were all alone  ♪     ♪  I could feel the trouble ♪     ♪ coursing through your veins  ♪     ♪  Now I know, It's got a hold  ♪     ♪  Just a phone call left unanswered  ♪     ♪  Had me sparking up  ♪     ♪  These cigarettes won't stop me  ♪     ♪  Wondering where you are,  ♪     ♪  Don't let go  ♪     ♪  Keep a hold  ♪     ♪  If you look into the distance  ♪     ♪  There's a house upon the hill  ♪     ♪  Guiding like a lighthouse  ♪     ♪  It's a place where you'll be safe  ♪     ♪  to feel our grace  ♪     ♪  'cause we've all made mistakes  ♪     ♪  If you've lost your way  ♪     ♪  Well, I will leave the light on  ♪     ♪ ♪     ♪  Well, I will leave the light on  ♪     ♪ ♪     ♪  Well, I will leave the light on  ♪     ♪  Well, I will leave the light on  ♪     ♪ ♪     ♪  'Cause if you look into the distance  ♪     ♪  There's a house up on the hill  ♪     ♪  Guiding like a lighthouse  ♪     ♪  It's a place where you'll be safe  ♪     ♪  to feel our grace  ♪     ♪  If you've lost your way, ♪     ♪ if you've lost your way  ♪     ♪  And I know you're down and out now  ♪     ♪  But I need you to be brave  ♪     ♪  Hiding from the truth  ♪     ♪  ain't gonna make this all okay  ♪     ♪  I'll see your pain ♪     ♪ if you don't feel our grace  ♪     ♪  And you lost your way  ♪     ♪  I will leave the light on  ♪     ♪ ♪     ♪  And I will leave the light on  ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 