Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - The Unflinching Spark - Chance 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - The Unflinching Spark https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=758&t=29734 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/16/16 09:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - The Unflinching Spark 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Chance"... 
 [Grunting] 
 You followed us into a store in broad daylight. 
 What the f*ck were you thinking? 
 Whatever it is you think you're into here with her, whatever it is you think you're trying to do, you have no idea. 
 Chance : You came to my office, said you were my wife. 
 Jaclyn : I don't remember that. 
 Sorry that I'm like this, that he hurt you. 
 I'm not done Jaclyn. I'm not going anywhere. 
 Stuff from my past. 
 Blackstone broke in, left it in my car. 
 It's old news, but it's still damaging if it fell into the wrong hands. 
 I just want to take this guy down. 
 A Crown Vic's an easy car to break into. 
 Take a thumb drive, download whatever files he's got. 
 When do we do this? 
 Say, tomorrow night. 
 And what happened? 
 Mission was compromised. 
 There was collateral damage. It's been taken care of. 
 Jesus! Are you telling me you killed him? 
 If by "him," you mean Blackstone, no. 
 At least I don't think I did. 
 You might want to get us out of here, brother. 
 When one of their own goes down, all bets are off. 
 [Tires screeching, horns blaring] 
 [Crash] 
 ♪♪ 
 [Tires screeching] 
 Jesus! 
 Are you dealing with her, or am I? 
 I'll handle it. 
 You all right? 
 I think so. Um, yes. 
 Ah. 
 Oh, boy. 
 This is all on me. 
 Those damn blind spots. 
 Uh, listen, take your car to, you know, wherever you need to take it to get it repaired. 
 I'll pay for everything. Let me give you my card. 
 Both my numbers are on there. 
 You give me a call, I'll take care of everything. 
 'Cause police reports, you know, they take so long, and what good are they? 
 You have an honest face. 
 Cloris Flowers. 
 You trust her? 
 To not report it? I think so. 
 Well, if you're worried about her, say the word. 
 We'll go back and take care of that right now. 
 We have her address. 
 I think I'm gonna be sick. 
 [Retching] 
 [Spits] 
 [Groans] 
 [Barge horn blows in distance] 
 [Sighs] 
 Feeling better? 
 What happened back there? 
 You pulled in front of Cloris. 
 No, not... No, the... the massage place. 
 What happened? 
 Some asshole came out of there. 
 Who? 
 Some goon. 
 Probably worked there. 
 Guy was all geared up. 
 Fucker caught me dead to rights, coming out of Blackstone's ride. 
 The thing that f*cking worries me is, how did he know to come out? 
 They've got some kind of surveillance system. 
 Now, if they do, it'd have to be pretty high-tech, because I looked and didn't see dick, which doesn't rule out the possibility. 
 If you're gonna be sick again, we should hold off on getting back in the car. 
 So, the guy comes out of the massage place, then what happened? 
 Then his problems began. 
 Don't! Will you stop doing that?! 
 Just tell me what happened! 
 Piece of sh1t pepper-sprayed me. 
 Christ. In the Teams, we'd pepper spray each other for laughs. 
 If he'd had a piece and pulled it and started shooting, he might've gotten somewhere, but there he was with a can of table spice. 
 Meantime, I had this, called a sunket. 
 Lots of ways you can use it... stab, hook, slice. 
 Very effective at controlling an opponent. 
 Case of tonight, I was close enough to hook him through the ocular cavities... 
 [Grunts] 
 [Groans] 
 ...snap his neck. 
 Oh! 
 Well, what the... What the f*ck happened to controlling an opponent? 
 That's when things got really interesting. 
 f*cking Blackstone just pops right out the door like the guy had signaled him. 
 He saw you? 
 He probably saw something. 
 I could see him, but it was still pretty dark where I was. 
 He had something in his hand. 
 Might have been a phone or a gun. 
 My vision was still a bit f*cked up from the spray. 
 The only thing I could be sure of... 
 I didn't want him getting any closer. 
 That's when I put one in his chest. 
 You shot him? 
 I was 30 seconds into a compromised situation, Doc. 
 The last thing I needed was sound. 
 You've seen me throw a blade. 
 Oh... 
 What? So, you killed him? 
 Well, he took a kill shot, for sure. 
 [Gasping] 
 It wasn't that bad, really, you think about it. 
 He never had a real visual. 
 All in all, I'd say it was a pretty clean op. 
 Exit was a bit of a mess, but that's on you, brother. 
 You know what I'd like? 
 A f*cking malted. 
 You know, the old-fashioned kind where they actually put the powder in so it's not just milk and ice cream. 
 [Keyboard keys tapping] 
 I don't know, brother. 
 It's all just Blackstone's police reports. 
 Backup files of his cases, I guess. 
 Wait. Here... Here's a good one. 
 "Junky dies of an overdose. 
 His friends are sad, but they still need to score, so they cut off his head and try selling it to satanists for 30 bucks. 
 The satanists are into it, but they don't have the cash. 
 Fight jumps off and one of the junkies is stabbed to death with a screwdriver." 
 Talk about the world in a nutshell. 
 [Slurps] 
 The point was to get in, get out, without him knowing we were there. 
 That was the point. 
 First thing that happens in combat... sh1t starts to fly and so does your plan. 
 And after that, you improvise. 
 So, a guy died tonight. 
 For that, for what you basically say is nothing. 
 Two guys if you count Blackstone. 
 Well, I thought you said that... 
 I said it was hard to say. 
 I said my vision was compromised. 
 Okay. So, one man, two men, one's a cop. 
 You know, once you start killing people, I guess numbers are just academic. 
 This is emotion talking, Doc. 
 You're scared, dumping adrenaline. 
 With enough time, I could teach you to work through that, deal with it. 
 You could also go f*ck yourself. 
 Do you want Blackstone to be alive? 
 [Sighs] No. 
 Yes. 
 I... No. I want him dead. 
 I don't want us to have killed him. 
 If he's dead, mission complete. 
 If he's alive, he'd be in the hospital. 
 Right. 
 If he's in the hospital, he's not home. 
 f*ckin' A. 
 We could get in there, have a look around. 
 We just need to find out which... alive or dead. 
 Check the news tomorrow. 
 If a hero cop dies, it'll make the papers. 
 [Slurps] 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 D: Stab, hook, slice. 
 Hook him through the ocular cavities, snap his neck. 
 You've seen me throw a blade. 
 Well, he took a kill shot, for sure. 
 [Panting] 
 Christina : You can't sit for five minutes? 
 It's not even 8:00 in the morning. 
 What's this, uh... What's this boy's name? 
 John. 
 Um, he's a year ahead of her. 
 And they just called you out of the blue? 
 They've been trying to make up their mind whether or not to call, and finally felt like they had to. 
 I've never even heard her mention someone named John. 
 And how long have they been going out together? 
 Does that matter? 
 Would it make it better if it was like two years instead of five months? 
 What... They've been dating for five months? 
 That's what she said. 
 Since before Nicole's last birthday. 
 It's just, always, when I pictured her having her first, uh, boyfriend, I... I mean, God knows, I didn't want to talk to my mother about any of this. 
 But I always thought that Nicky would tell me, you know, even just that she had one. 
 I just never thought I would find out like this. 
 Yeah. Me, neither. 
 You know, we don't even know for sure what this is. 
 It's this boy's parents telling us that our daughter is a stalker. 
 Oh, come on, Christina. 
 These kids text each other all day long. 
 You know that. 
 Okay, maybe, but then what about all the times she went for a run by his house, after he asked her not to, after he broke up with her? 
 Did you talk to Nicole? 
 [Scoffs] 
 What'd she say? 
 That I'm overreacting. 
 You see, we don't even know this boy, never mind his parents. 
 You can't take their word. 
 I mean, we don't know anything about them. 
 You know, El, they sound pretty reasonable. 
 They sound like what we would sound like. 
 They just want to talk to us. 
 Well, I want to talk to Nicole first. 
 Hey. 
 [Sighs] 
 I mean, what's going on? 
 I don't know, but I'm gonna talk to her, and we'll get to the bottom of this, okay? 
 Okay. 
 Can you come home with me and do it now? 
 No. I can't. I've got a... a thing I've got to do. 
 I'll come right after. 
 Let me walk you down. 
 You're gonna go to work now? 
 Yeah. Why? 
 Maybe you should call in sick. 
 You just seem kind of crazed. I don't know. 
 Do you have a fever or something? 
 Maybe I won't walk you down. 
 At least put on some shoes and maybe comb your hair. 
 Chance : Parkinsonian gait. 
 A tendency to lean unnaturally forward. 
 Arm swing diminished or absent. 
 Shortened shuffling festination step pattern. 
 Sustained tonic abnormal head and neck posture would indicate spasmodic torticollis. 
 Tardive dyskinesia. 
 Symptoms include repeated, non-rhythmic, stereotyped movements of the tongue, jaw, or lips. 
 Caused by long-term use of neuroleptic drugs. 
 Stop it. 
 [Tires screeching] 
 Stop it! 
 [Gasps] 
 I'm sorry. 
 [Sirens wailing in distance] 
 [Pounding on door] 
 Nothing. 
 There's nothing in the papers, nothing online. 
 I think we're good. As good is now defined. 
 If I can see cameras, I can disable 'em. 
 Second thing is getting in to the building. 
 Third is the door to his place. 
 Unless I'm worried about noise, I'll use a bump key. 
 What's a bump key? 
 I keep a set. 
 Teeth are all ground to a number nine. 
 Key goes in up to the last tooth, then you "bump" tap it in the rest of the way. 
 It makes the driver pins jump and the key pins jar, and it gives you just enough time to turn the core, open the lock. 
 Are these legal? 
 What do you think? 
 So, when do you want to do this? Tonight? 
 You said something about hitting a surveillance cam with light. 
 I said if you were going at night, you'd do that. 
 But an op like this is better during the day. 
 It's less suspicious, fewer people around. 
 I say we go right now. 
 No. I can't do it right now. I got to... 
 I got to talk to my daughter, and I got a deposition after. 
 I can go without you. 
 No, no. No. I'm coming with you this time. 
 You don't know her. She used to live there. 
 You want to go because  she  used to be there? 
 I want to go because after what happened last night, from now on, I'm gonna f*cking be there. 
 When I went through all this, all the websites, and I didn't see "Hero Cop Dead," 
 I remembered that every day Blackstone's alive, Jaclyn's life's at risk. 
 So, we're not just taking down a piece of sh1t here. 
 We're fighting for someone's life. 
 So you wait for me. I'll call you when I'm ready. 
 You're the boss. 
 Yes, I am. 
 Chance : Patient is a right-handed 15-year-old girl. 
 Parents divorced. 
 Patient has begun demonstrating extreme sensitivity to perceived rejection. 
 Genetic predisposition to obsessional behavior and predatory impulses... 
 Now, let me try the chicken again? 
 Nope. The pork is better. 
 You say that like I haven't been saying it your whole life. 
 Nic, we need to talk about something. 
 Ruh-roh. What does that mean? 
 Your mom came by this morning, and she told me a boy at your school... the parents had contacted her. 
 John Whitton? 
 And she said that they had told her that you two had been dating for kind of a long time. 
 Months. 
 That you've been boyfriend and girlfriend. 
 Is that true? 
 Yeah. 
 You never said anything. 
 It wasn't that big a deal. 
 I mean, you didn't say that either. 
 If you're going out with a boy for the first time ever, but it's not that big a deal. 
 You never mentioned him to us. 
 Yeah. And now it's over, so... 
 Right. Well... the parents and the boy seem to think that you might be having trouble with that. 
 The fact that it's over. 
 [Silverware clatters] 
 Seriously? 
 We were... whatever. 
 And now we're not. I'm not having trouble. 
 Well, they say that you've been texting a lot [Sighs] and that you keep coming by the house. 
 God! 
 Because everyone texts a lot. 
 Because he  asked  me to come by. 
 What,  he  asked you? 
 He's actually pretty interesting. 
 John. 
 His point of view, his behavior. 
 I actually wondered about that. 
 Wondered what you'd say about him. 
 Like, psychiatrically. 
 What do you mean? 
 So, he's an only child, too, right? 
 But his parents aren't like you guys. 
 His mom had seven miscarriages before she had John, so and his dad are hyper-focused on him. 
 Miracle baby. 
 And he's great, but he's also super-dramatic about everything. 
 When he's in love, he's totally in love. 
 And then, when it's over and you want to try to still be friends with him, that means you're obsessed and you can't let go. 
 Right. Until he gets confused and thinks he might still like you. 
 Then he's gonna ask you to come by when he's supposed to be studying, and then, when his parents get mad about why he got a "D" in Chem... 
 Then they blame you for distracting him. 
 Now, maybe you see why I didn't want to get into this sh1t. 
 Hey! 
 Sorry... about not telling you guys. 
 I can say the word "sh1t." 
 Double hey. 
 I'm gonna try this before it's all gone. 
 
 
 
 Hi. 
 Feeling better, I hope. 
 Mostly, yeah. 
 You know what? I would love a cup of coffee, but I don't have time to drink it before they get here. 
 Who? 
 The lawyers. 
 Lieser, McNamara, and Gard. 
 The William Mullen deposition. 
 It's on the books for today, the last I checked. 
 Well, Mr. Gard's here. 
 But he's by himself. 
 Oh. Okay. 
 And he didn't say anything about a deposition. 
 He just said he needed to talk to you. 
 Jay, how are you? 
 All right, Eldon. 
 Good to see you. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 So, are you gonna depose me one-on-one? 
 I'm not complaining. 
 It's just, you guys usually travel in packs. 
 You want to sit down? 
 Sure. 
 What's up? 
 I don't know. 
 That's not true. I know. 
 I just don't know why or what it means. 
 The suspense is killing me, Jay. 
 The firm received a package yesterday of photocopied paperwork. 
 Psych history, police reports. 
 They all had your name on them. 
 Restraining orders, um, arrest records, toxicology, involuntary commitment. 
 You know what I'm talking about. 
 Yeah. 
 This is ancient history, Jay. 
 This is... 
 20 years ago. More. I was a kid. 
 I know. I... 
 That's actually exactly what I said when I saw them, but you know those executive committee guys. 
 Avoid impropriety, the appearance of impropriety. 
 So, you're gonna hire another expert because of this. 
 You're the best there is, El. 
 But, yeah. 
 Firm's decision, not mine. 
 [Clears throat] 
 I don't suppose there's any way of finding out where this package came from, I guess. 
 Certified mail, no return. 
 Well, thank you for coming to tell me in person. 
 I appreciate that. 
 I'm sorry. 
 And don't thank me. Just, you know, fix it. 
 [Sighs] 
 You had some calls. 
 Actually, the same call three times. 
 She said it was important, that you'd know what it was about. 
 A... 
 Cloris Flowers. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 God, yeah. Yeah. 
 Ms. Flowers, her car. 
 We had a little run-in in the East Bay. 
 Listen, why don't you call her back, tell her you're my office manager, and that she should take the car to whatever shop, garage, she needs, and they can call here and charge that account. 
 I got to go. 
 [Woman talking indistinctly] 
 I'm not many people. 
 You certainly are not. 
 My friend. 
 This is a person one can really talk to. 
 Are you okay? 
 Can I talk to you for a minute? 
 Sure. Let's just go in to my office. 
 I'll see you again. 
 Um, not in this lifetime. 
 But I'm very glad to have met you. 
 Hey. 
 You don't look very well. 
 Oh, never mind about me. 
 Is she a patient? 
 Is she  the  patient? 
 [Sighs] 
 How crazy is she? 
 I don't know. 
 And you are trying to get me disbarred now. 
 Well, knowing you're gonna die affords you certain... freedom from convention. 
 Lets you look the rat in the eye and refuse to blink. 
 Is that what she's doing? 
 Oh, no doubt about it. 
 In her eyes, the unflinching spark. 
 But how do you differentiate between unflinching and purely mad? 
 Well, that's your job. 
 Doesn't interest me all that much. 
 It's about the light. 
 That's what remains. 
 And I'm counting on you to deliver. 
 [Door closes] 
 Hey. 
 You have a new assistant. 
 Yes. Yes, I do. 
 I know, you said I met her. 
 I tried, but I can't remember that part. 
 I do remember coming here though. 
 With the chess piece. 
 The knight. 
 I saw it at a thrift store. It reminded me of you. 
 You were out, but I still... 
 I wanted to be close to you for a minute. 
 In your space. 
 I remember that. 
 Even without you here, it's better than most places I get to be. 
 Raymond's been hurt. 
 What do you mean, hurt? 
 Hurt how? 
 He caught someone trying to break into his car last night. 
 The guy threw a knife at him, I guess. 
 He's in the hospital with a collapsed lung. 
 Seton, actually, where I was. 
 A man with him was murdered. 
 Was they, uh... 
 Was this guy a cop? 
 No. He was a bouncer at some place that they were. 
 A massage parlor in Oakland. 
 I think maybe Raymond has an interest in it. I... 
 Do you think that, or do you know that? 
 Well, I hear things. 
 I don't know anything for sure when it comes to him. 
 No one does. 
 I shouldn't even be telling you this. 
 If he even thought I thought it, I'd be in trouble. 
 What do the police think? Do they have suspects? 
 They won't say anything to me, but I don't think so. 
 Anyway, he says he's got it. 
 Got what? 
 The investigation, revenge. 
 I don't know. That's all he said. 
 That he's gonna handle it all himself when he gets out. 
 And when will that be? 
 At least another day. 
 They're worried about an infection. 
 I was with him last night and again this morning. 
 At some point, I need to go back. 
 Come with me now. 
 Excellent. $2. 
 And we can probably beat him down. 
 Jaclyn : "I love him whose soul is deep, even in being wounded, and who can perish of a small experience. 
 Thus he goes willingly over the bridge." 
 "I love him whose soul is so over-full that he forgets himself, and all things are in him. 
 Thus all things become his going under. 
 I love all those who are as heavy drops, falling one by one out of the dark cloud that hangs over men. 
 What will this be? 
 Haven't you thought about it, alone, late at night? 
 You know I have. 
 Who will you be? 
 [Breathing heavily] 
 [Moaning] 
 Good morning. 
 Almost. 
 You could stay. 
 Actually, I have a train ticket. 
 I'm gonna head up north to visit my daughter. 
 Is she okay? Do you know where she is? 
 Yeah. 
 He told me. 
 You know, he'll be getting out soon. 
 I don't know what he's gonna do, what he's gonna want. 
 I do know that he's gonna be out for blood, and I don't want you to be in his way. 
 So, I guess that means we might not see each other again. 
 Is that why you came? 
 I've wanted to come since that day we met in the cafe by your office. 
 I wanted to the day that we met in the book store. 
 I wanted to ask you out for a coffee or something. 
 Well, what stopped you? 
 Me being crazy? 
 You being crazy... Well, in my experience, the really crazy ones don't say that they're crazy. 
 But, yeah, and the constraints in my profession. 
 It was a long time ago. 
 It's never that long ago. 
 Not really. 
 You're walking me to the door. 
 How gentlemanly. 
 Your car is parked at my office. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You're f*cking right. 
 The blind leading the blind. 
 [Car door closes] 
 I don't think we can stop now. 
 Me neither. 
 Well, we should. 
 At least for a while. 
 Why? 
 Because you've been through trauma, and you have a lot of work to do, and you should be free to do it. 
 Is that what you want... to be free of me? 
 I want you to be well. I want you to be whole. 
 I'll wait for you. 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 [Beep] 
 D:  Where the hell are you? 
 What the f*ck, Doc? 
 What we're doing right now... sitting here, did it never occur to you that he could be having the same thing done to you? 
 Eyes on your place, your office. 
 Yeah. I'm sorry. 
 We should've gotten a room. I wasn't thinking. 
 Frozen lake, brother. 
 Point taken. 
 D: Okay. You ready to do this? 
 You want... We're gonna wait for someone and follow them in? 
 No need. I've already been in. 
 When? 
 You were MIA. 
 I got tired of waiting. 
 How'd you get here? 
 Took BART. 
 Figured I could get the preliminary sh1t out of the way. 
 Don't worry. I saved the sweet spot. 
 Don't ask me why. 
 I kept waiting for you to call like you said. 
 If I had known what you were up to, I would've done the whole thing alone. 
 Security's porous as f*ck. 
 There's a cam on the foot entrance but not the garage. 
 Name's in the directory. All you have to do is look. 
 Let's go. 
 God, I feel ridiculous. 
 You look beautiful. 
 Anybody says anything, we're here for the air conditioning, which is on the roof. I'll talk. 
 By the way, that, uh... they guy, you know, at the massage parlor, he was a soldier. 
 Your lady tell you that? 
 She said he's one of the bouncers, and he works for Blackstone...  worked  for Blackstone. 
 Feel better? 
 Maybe. 
 Just thought you'd like to know. 
 Why? 
 We go in through the garage, take the stairs to the third floor. 
 As soon as I see the locks, I'll know what to use. 
 That's our most vulnerable point, the time that takes. 
 Thermal imaging. It's what the heating and cooling guys use to look for leaks, heat signatures. 
 This'll tell me if there are any hidden cameras. 
 Door opens, I go in alone. 
 I make the sweep. 
 If it's all clean, I come back for you. 
 [Door closes] 
 Whatever else is going on in this place, no one's doing business here. 
 Anything? 
 Nope. 
 Did you check the bathroom? 
 Unh-unh. 
 Nothing in there. 
 [Box unlatches] 
 [Spray paint bottle rattles] 
 What the f*ck are you doing? 
 Blackstone thinks a business rival landed him in the hospital. 
 Here's a little misdirection to keep him thinking that way. 
 Symbol for vengeance, revenge. 
 Jaclyn : I saw it at a thrift store. It reminded me of you. 
 You okay? 
 [Box latches] 
 Time to go. 
 You good to drive? 
 Yeah. 
 You play chess? 
 No. 
 That piece was old... that you were looking at. 
 Carl handles sh1t like that. 
 Loves the game, too. 
 I've seen a lot of sets, a lot of pieces, learned to recognize the old ones. 
 Black like that is onyx. 
 The good ones are hand-cut in Mexico. 
 That was a good one. 
 [Engine starts] 
 She'd asked me to talk to John, try and help change his mind. 
 And how'd she get your cellphone number? 
 She'd asked me for it when they were dating. 
 Scott : She would buy him things constantly. 
 Little things, mostly, music gift cards, or... but sometimes bigger-ticket things. 
 He's a teenage boy, so at first, he liked it, but finally... 
 He asked her to stop, and she got very upset, blew it way out of proportion. 
 That's when he decided he needed to break things off. 
 And that's when it got really bad. 
 What does that mean? 
 The calling, the texting. 
 300 text messages in one day once. 
 And when he didn't answer her, she texted his best friend, because she knew the friend would tell him. 
 He blocked her from seeing his photos online, so she created fake accounts to leave nasty comments. 
 I know she was in our backyard at least twice when we weren't home. 
 It got to where he was having me call him in sick from school. 
 It became an issue with the athletic department, because he couldn't practice if he was sick. 
 Christina : So, the school knew, too? 
 John didn't want us to tell them. 
 Didn't want to get her in trouble. 
 You're probably thinking that I've been distracted with Neil and everything. 
 And, obviously, I have been. 
 But right now, I wish I thought that would've made a difference. 
 That would actually make me feel better. 
 'Cause this isn't just about me being selfish. 
 The fact that she could completely hide herself from me like that. 
 And if I don't know her... what do I know? 
 Maybe she'll talk to you. 
 Nic, I'm sorry this is happening to you. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 [Sniffles] 
 [Indistinct talking] 
 [Men talking indistinctly] 
 [Door opens] 
 [Elevator whirrs] 
 Hey! What the...? 
 Shh! 
 [Elevator dings] 
 [Men talking indistinctly] 
 [Exhales deeply] 
 [Door closes] 
 D? 
 [Thud] 
 ♪ Now, I could see the sun rise and set on you ♪ 
♪ I've seen the sun rise and set on you ♪ 
♪ It set on you ♪ 
♪ You say you're looking for something ♪ 
♪ To make you feel anew ♪ 
♪ You don't believe in God, hey, whiskey will do ♪ 
♪ You say you're looking for something ♪ 
♪ To make you feel anew ♪ 
♪ You don't believe in God, well, whiskey will do ♪ 
♪ Yeah, dead in the eyes ♪ 
♪ Dead in the eyes ♪ 
♪ Dead in the eyes ♪ 
♪ He's dead in his eyes ♪ 
♪ Yeah, I'm dead in the eyes ♪ 
♪ Dead in the eyes ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 