Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x14 - Answer - Quantico 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x14 - Answer https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=446&t=26166 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/21/16 11:21 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x14 - Answer 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Alex Parrish. I'm an FBI agent. In July, a terrorist blew up Grand Central Terminal, but before that, I was still a trainee. 
 Nimah : You lied to me. You used to tell me everything. 
 Whoever took his wife, they're demanding $5 million. 
 Drew : My fiancée, Alicia, was killed in a shootout between the Chicago PD and an armed gunman. 
 The police blamed the FBI. 
 Chicago was a blown sting. 
 Someone above me screwed up, and people got hurt. 
 The terrorists, they're calling. 
 I'll look into this. 
 The Voice : You didn't listen. 
 [Static] 
 Natalie : Alex, run! 
 [Cage the Elephant's "Mess Around" plays] 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
 Liam : Welcome to TEVOC... Tactical Emergency Vehicle Operations Center. 
 Hope you're well-rested 'cause things are about to get fast. 
 You'll each get two rounds... one as the driver and one as the agent assisting. 
 Trainees Amin, meet your vehicle. 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
 How about I drive first? 
 ♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
 Slept well? 
 Yes. You? 
 ♪ Oh, St. Louis, California ♪ 
♪ Blue eyes, yeah, she comin' for ya ♪ 
♪ Land of Mary, Charm City ♪ 
♪ Oh, Lord, wish she was my baby ♪ 
 Olsen and Haas. 
 ♪ You know she'll drive you crazy ♪ 
 You're happier than normal, John Nash. 
 What, are you calculating the wind resistance before you accelerate? 
 The only wind I hear is you talking. 
 Hey, you're getting better. 
 I'm watching and learning. 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
 Caleb : And I'm sorry that I didn't... 
 Please tell him that Mark Raymond called. 
 I'll have the money for him very soon. 
 ♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
 And thank him for being so patient with me. 
 ♪ The heat is rising, and only getting hotter ♪ 
♪ Ready to blow ♪ 
♪ I think I'll pour myself a glass of water ♪ 
 Trainees Wyatt and Chang. 
 Ugh. Where's my driver? 
 ♪ She'll show you what she's made of ♪ 
 What's the matter? You leave your sense of humor in bed? 
 Shut up and drive. 
 Man : [Arabic accent] I have no new intelligence on Samar Hashmi or Haifaa Said. 
 I try, but nothing. 
 ♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ Ahhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
 [Tires screech] 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
 Liam : Parrish and Perales. 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
 After you. 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
 Missed you at the gym. 
 My spies told me you trained at 5:00 every morning. 
 Well, I couldn't sleep. Took today off. 
 You were looking for me? 
 Guess you'll never know now. 
 ♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
 [Chuckles] 
 ♪ Ahhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
♪ Oh, no ♪ 
♪ Ahhhhh ♪ 
 [Laughs] 
 ♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
♪ No, she don't mess around ♪ 
 So, what kept you up last night? 
 Honestly? Our conversation. 
 What about it? The NFL? 
 What happened to your fiancée in Chicago. 
 Look, I did some research. 
 Why would you do that? 
 'Cause I lost someone that was close to me, too. 
 And I spent most of my life trying to figure out why it happened. 
 When I had answers, I felt much better... 
 I don't need answers. 
 And if I did, I'd get them myself. 
 I think Liam O'Connor had something to do with this. 
 [Scoffs] 
 When I got here, I found out a lot about Liam, including information about some operation in Chicago that blew up in the FBI's faces around the same time as your... 
 I'm not interested. 
 I'm here to train, not rehash the past. 
 Now get out. It's my turn to drive. 
 [Tires screech] 
 [Bird squawks] 
 Hey. Since when do you text so much? 
 Is that your friend from New Year's? 
 You think I only have one friend? 
 I don't know anymore. 
 Come sit next to me. You can tell me all about it. 
 I'm fine here, where I've been for weeks. 
 At the FBI, an arrest is not a win. 
 Your job, your case is only won with a conviction. 
 It is the only thing that matters. 
 You have to prove that your suspect is guilty to get the justice that the victim and their family deserve. 
 The key to building that case is a suspect interview. 
 These actors are here to play suspects that are very real and very guilty. 
 You have to work with actors because the criminals they are portraying are free. 
 Why? 
 Because the agents on the original cases didn't ask the right questions during their suspect's interview. 
 So their cases fell apart at trial. 
 Miranda : Today in teams, you'll get the chance to conduct suspect interviews and get the conviction that we never got. 
 If you learn how to do it right, you can avoid our mistakes and get the justice and closure that the victims and their families deserve. 
 All right? Good luck. 
 Hey, um, I want to apologize about earlier. 
 I... I didn't mean to cross a line. 
 [Chuckles] It's okay. 
 You're training to be in the FBI. 
 It's good that you want to get answers. 
 Maybe I want them, too. 
 If you really feel like there's something to be found, I want to look. 
 I could really use the closure. 
 Let's get you some closure. 
 Wendy Frye Miller, 42, born in Albany, New York. 
 Your interrogation begins now. 
 [Wind howling] 
 [Sniffs] 
 [Grunts] 
 [Gun clicks] 
 [Crunching] 
 [Vehicle approaches] 
 You're just in time for breakfast. 
 I don't want that. 
 I know. 
 I brought it anyway. 
 You want some tea? 
 You don't have to make me tea, Simon. 
 Thank you. 
 So, this house is... different than your last one. 
 I lost that one when I lost my job. 
 Both my jobs. [Chuckles] 
 This is better. It's more my mood. 
 So, have you been in touch with anyone since... 
 Nobody talks to me, Alex. 
 Yeah, well, everyone's still dealing with what happened. 
 Raina moved back to Michigan. 
 Nimah's in the New York office. 
 Shelby's back at McGregor-Wyatt. 
 No one's even heard from Caleb in months. 
 I don't care where they are. 
 Why are you here? 
 I came to give you that. 
 So let me get this straight. 
 You drove 6 1/2 hours to bring me something that I don't want? 
 Are you going to sit? 
 That would imply interest on my part in having you stay longer than that cup of tea. 
 You know what? I shouldn't have done this. 
 [Exhales sharply] 
 You should go. 
 I need to prepare for dinner. 
 You hunt? 
 Got to eat. 
 I hunt too. 
 My dad taught me. 
 He said it was always easier in pairs. 
 Plus, you'll need help carrying whatever it is that you kill. 
 I do just fine on my own. 
 I don't. 
 At least not lately. 
 I just... I don't feel like getting back into my car right now. 
 Just... please. 
 Let's take a walk. 
 I hope you're asking the right questions with your suspect interview because you have five minutes left. 
 What did I miss? 
 She says the FBI framed her. 
 [Chuckles] The FBI doesn't frame people. 
 I'd like to ask you a series of yes-or-no questions. 
 Frank Lindsay. 
 Your 9-year-old sister, Tracey Lindsay, went missing on July 10, 2008. 
 I don't know how many times I have to tell you people. 
 I don't know what happened to Tracey. 
 Well, I've got 10 pieces of physical evidence here that say you do. 
 Yeah, except for Tracey. 
 You still haven't found her. 
 She's out there somewhere, and you guys are here looking at me. 
 He's right. This line of questioning is a waste of time. 
 What? 
 I don't know what kind of good-cop-bad-cop move you're trying to pull... 
 A murder conviction without a D.B. is almost impossible. 
 They searched for two years. 
 I don't care. You don't just give up looking. 
 Work on the case in front of you. 
 Okay? 
 You scanned the entire file already? 
 There's nothing in there I hadn't already seen. 
 If there really is something here, we need human intelligence, and Liam's not gonna talk to us. 
 He might talk to me. 
 Why would he talk to you? 
 You know what? I don't need to know. 
 Okay. Time. 
 You're done asking the questions. 
 Now it's our turn. 
 Finish up and hand in your work. 
 [Chatter] 
 Where is Nimah? 
 [Soft piano music plays] 
 Mr. Keller, I have the money that you requested. 
 I'd like the opportunity to bring it by in person, if I can just find the time to get away. 
 Man: It's not money. It's a commitment to reach the highest levels of fulfillment. 
 [Piano music intensifies] 
 [Door opens] 
 Raina. 
 Hey. 
 I thought you weren't coming. 
 I was just leaving. See you. 
 All right. 
 [Classic music plays] 
 [Cellphone chimes] 
 [Door closes] 
 [Music climaxes] 
 So, you think you discovered where we went wrong? 
 [Trainees murmuring assent] 
 You think you can do it better than the agents that came before you? 
 Good, because you're going to get the chance. 
 You're going to trial to present your case and test your theory in cross-examination. 
 Remember, the defense... us... will be gunning for you. 
 Nothing is off-limits. 
 So you better know your cases backwards and forwards or a guilty person walks free. 
 Good luck. 
 I'll go first. 
 I don't think so. I'm going first. 
 If I do it right, you won't have to go up there at all. 
 Thank you. 
 Hi. 
 You guys are friendly with Natalie Vasquez? 
 Oh, I think at this point, she'd rather talk to anyone besides me, but, yeah, we're friends. 
 Do you know why she would request an emergency leave of absence? 
 I got an e-mail from her this morning. 
 Did something happen with Renata? 
 She never said anything to me. 
 Do you know why Alex didn't come to work today? 
 Maybe she inhaled too much toner. 
 She's buried in the basement. 
 A simple yes or no would be sufficient, Agent Amin. 
 Ryan? 
 No, I haven't spoken to her. 
 You let me know if you hear from either one of them. 
 Yes, ma'am. 
 Thank you. 
 Of course. 
 [Sighs] So, what's up with you and Miranda? 
 Difference of opinion. 
 Any idea about Alex or Vasquez? 
 Besides what they have in common? 
 Look, I'm serious. 
 I'm worried about Alex. 
 Look, between you and me, she came to my place last night, and she was in a bad way. 
 I tried offering her my help, but she wouldn't take it, of course, and now I've been trying to reach her all night and I can't get ahold of her. 
 Maybe what happened in July finally caught up to Alex. 
 We all had mandatory counseling, and she was just reinstated. 
 I know. And that's why I'm worried. 
 She never talks to me, but last night, Nimah, you should have seen her face. 
 My sister doesn't talk to me, either. 
 So I use the Cellphone Trace Protocol program to see where she is. 
 At least I know she's okay. 
 She's near the Canadian border. 
 Who does Alex know in Vermont? 
 My dad had a Browning A-Bolt just like yours. 
 I still remember how much my shoulder hurt when I fired it for the first time. 
 We didn't hunt in Scarsdale. 
 Not with guns, anyway. 
 Passive-aggressive insults, maybe. 
 I never contemplated shooting until I signed up to serve. 
 I found out that if you believe in something, you got to be willing to kill for it. 
 I thought Quantico was gonna be a clean slate. 
 We both know how that ended. 
 I got that tech job, and I thought, "Here we go. 
 I can start again." 
 But FBI pulled me in. 
 It wasn't meant to be. 
 But now out here... 
 I can finally admit the truth. 
 There's no such thing as a clean slate. 
 It just took the blood of 67 people on my hands to teach me that. 
 Not to mention the 133 before that. 
 And dozens before that. 
 What's more blood, right? 
 You don't have to do this, Simon. 
 It's already done. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Gunshot] 
 I missed. 
 I saw you shoot at Quantico. 
 You never miss. 
 You're right. 
 I can't kill. 
 Not when it's my choice. 
 And yet I can do it when someone makes me do it. 
 Like you did. 
 I never made you do anything. 
 You told me to let go of the trigger. 
 And you had no right, no authority! 
 And you told me it was gonna be okay, and it wasn't! 
 And I had to live with that. 
 And you're fine. 
 You're walking around fine! 
 Who the hell says I'm fine?! 
 I'm in trouble, Simon. 
 Elias was telling the truth. 
 Elias was a madman! 
 And the only conspiracy surrounding what happened is that there is not one! 
 Whoever blackmailed Elias is now after me! 
 He called me two days ago. 
 They told me if I didn't help them, they'd kill all my friends. 
 Stop, Alex! 
 Natalie is dead, Simon! 
 Blown to pieces right in front of my eyes! 
 The terrorists killed her and then covered their tracks. 
 And they're not done. 
 Everyone I care about is in danger, including you! 
 Is that why you're here? 
 What, to warn me? 
 What, to lead them to me? What?! 
 Because you're the only one I can trust! 
 You're the only one who I know is truly innocent, Simon. 
 I need your help. 
 Look, I can't help you. 
 And you can't help me. 
 But I can save you. 
 [Breathes heavily] From what? 
 From the pain... of what happened that day. 
 I know how you can win. 
 You win by not playing. 
 I'm not innocent, Alex. 
 I never was. 
 [Cries] 
 And neither are you. 
 Yes, ma'am. I didn't know Charlie was here. 
 Is now a good time? 
 No, it's fine. What's going on? 
 Hi. 
 [Knock on door] 
 Can I ask you something? 
 Yeah, sure. I was wondering when you might want to talk about the, uh... 
 Oh, um, no, um, I wanted to actually talk to you about the exercise. 
 All these cases... the charges didn't stick because the agents slipped up on their investigation, right? 
 Yeah, the smallest mistakes usually have the biggest consequences. 
 When you work an airtight case, you don't even talk to the suspects. 
 You talk to their lawyers when they plead out. 
 Right, but things do go wrong. 
 Only in days that end in "Y." 
 Is that what happened in Chicago? 
 This is about Ryan. 
 And about you. 
 I never got the full story from either of you. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Look, if I wanted to hurt you, I could have done it already. 
 I didn't. 
 So I'm asking you to trust me. 
 Fine. 
 So, Ryan told me that Chicago was a sting gone wrong, but he didn't tell me what kind of sting and what happened. 
 Yeah, well, we were working a militia group. 
 But everything we dangled... C-4, nitro, blasters... they weren't biting... until one night, after a few beers, I had the brilliant idea to sell them a couple crates of Panther AR-15s from our evidence lockers. 
 Well, it worked. 
 After that, we started to get access and build our case... until one of our informants on the inside tipped them off and we were forced to raid them unprepared. 
 By the time we hit their compound, they were long gone and so were the guns. 
 So no one got hurt in this raid? 
 Well, we kept the body count at zero, but the gun sale was a problem. 
 Ryan knew if he stepped up and said that it was his idea, he'd get a slap on the wrist. 
 But after Omaha, I couldn't have another black mark and keep my job. 
 So that's it. 
 Nobody died. 
 It's not just about the casualties. 
 No, of course. Um... thank you. 
 Thank you for trusting me. 
 Oh, um, I'm glad you kept your job. 
 I'll see you in class. 
 Prepare for a long day and tough questions. 
 You will take the stand to defend your case as an FBI agent. 
 Welcome to our courtroom. 
 Trainee Chang, how are we supposed to believe that our client killed his sister when you haven't even produced a body? 
 Because the circumstantial evidence is enough for a murder conviction, assuming that we have excluded all reasonable hypotheses. 
 Have you? 
 The FBI believes that it has. 
 I, on the other hand, do not. 
 [Clears throat] 
 So you're contradicting your fellow agent? 
 Yes. 
 I believe that further investigation is required and that the Bureau should continue the search for Tracey Lindsay until her body is recovered and all the facts are known. 
 Are you saying the jury should find the defendant not guilty? 
 I am saying... that we still don't know... what really happened. 
 A witness box is not the place, a trial is not the time to question the work of a fellow agent. 
 If you don't have their back up here, how can they trust you out there? 
 Your team has failed. 
 Drew : What happened? 
 Look, I'm really sorry about Liam. 
 His story checks out. 
 It's my fault. There weren't any casualties. 
 Look, I mean, he did screw up. 
 He sold some Panther AR-15s to some militia guys, but it had nothing to do with Alicia. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Are you sure he said Panther AR-15s? 
 Yeah. Why? 
 
 
 
 Miranda : Mr. Perales. 
 Drew. 
 Perales, please step down. 
 Drew, what's wrong? 
 Everything's wrong. 
 Do you swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you, God? 
 I do. 
 Do you? 
 So, now what? 
 Tragic hunting accident. 
 Why? 
 Tell me the truth, Simon. 
 Every morning, I put a gun in my mouth. 
 You ever tasted a gun, Alex? 
 It's awful. 
 And it's the only thing that feels right to me. 
 You don't know what it's been like living with what happened. 
 That's not fair. [Sniffles] 
 I was there, too. 
 I'm still there, Alex. 
 It wasn't until just now that I realized I haven't been carrying my guilt. 
 I've been carrying yours. 
 So you think taking my life is gonna set you free? 
 I've tried everything else. 
 Walk. 
 No. 
 Walk. 
 Simon, I'm not moving. 
 You think just because I can't kill a deer that I can't kill you? 
 No. 
 I think you can. 
 But you won't because if you wanted to kill me, you would have pulled that trigger already. 
 Just like you would have done to yourself. 
 You don't know what you're talking about! 
 Actually, I do. 
 You don't just want a way out. 
 You want a way back. And like it or not... that's me. 
 I'm standing right here, Simon. 
 [Sobs] 
 I'm asking you for help. 
 And that voice on the other side of the phone needs me, which means they have a weakness. 
 If I had someone who would help me exploit that vulnerability while I did their bidding, we could... 
 Shut up, Alex! 
 [Voice breaking] Shut up. 
 [Sniffs] 
 You can't control what happened. 
 You know that. 
 Forget control. This is about justice. 
 Don't lose sight of that. 
 We can still get it, Simon... together. 
 I'm not really dressed for 20-degree weather, and it's even colder where Alex has stopped. 
 Are you regretting coming along? 
 [Sighs] No. 
 It's not like I have a heavy case load. 
 I might as well be in the basement with Alex. 
 Yeah, about that... 
 Okay, you want to play the license-plate game? 
 Why don't you just ask me what happened between me and Miranda? 
 I was trying to. 
 We had a falling out. 
 Raina got close to Hamza Kouri during our time in his cell. 
 She said it wasn't love, just compassion. 
 And maybe it was, but I could tell she was emotionally involved and she could have ended up exposing all of us. 
 When Miranda disagreed and she learned I told the FBI, she was furious. 
 Well, maybe she felt you were turning your back on a good agent. 
 A good agent never puts emotions before logic. 
 Even Alex, as emotional as she may be, knows what is right, and that's what haunts you. 
 You think she's crazy, but you also know she may be right. 
 Does what you did to Raina not haunt you? 
 We're all haunted... by something. 
 Trainee Perales, did you entrap my client? 
 Define "entrapment," Agent O'Connor. 
 To induce someone to commit a criminal act they would otherwise be unlikely to commit. 
 So by that definition, entrapment would include, say, an agent buying a prostitute for a suspect they knew were a violent s*x offender? 
 Or an agent giving a broke kid $100,000 to carry a backpack across town? 
 Yes. 
 And what about you, in Chicago? 
 Selling Panther Oracle AR-15s to a bunch of militia guys? 
 We can discuss this in my office. 
 See, the timeline never made sense to me until recently. 
 Maybe you can tell me if I have all the pieces now, though, okay? 
 Chicago P.D. stops an armed robbery on the "L" train. 
 The cops rush in to find a perp with a brand-new Oracle AR-15 assault rifle. 
 Guns on guns, everybody yelling, and the cops finally get their guy, right, but not before he kills two innocent bystanders... 
 Paul Lichtenstein, age 66, and Alicia Landon... 
 33 years old. 
 Mr. Perales, you are way out of line. 
 What happened in Chicago was a tragedy. 
 Yeah? Which part? 
 My pregnant fiancée and a high-school English teacher died on an "L" train, or that she died because of guns that you put there? 
 Liam : You could have come to me directly! 
 You jeopardized... 
 What? Your career?! 
 People died, and you're worried about your pension! 
 No, I'm worried about whether you belong at Quantico! 
 Suing the NFL when no one forced you to play football. 
 No one made you take a multi-million-dollar contract. 
 You're a crusader! 
 Nobody made you sell guns to terrorists, either. 
 I don't know what it is you're looking for... but you're not gonna find it here. 
 You are done at Quantico. 
 The FBI doesn't need agents like you. 
 Drew, I'll talk to him. 
 Stop. No more talking! Stay the hell out of my life, which should be easy 'cause I'll be gone. 
 I... I'm sorry. 
 I can't believe you would do that. 
 We failed because of you. 
 I'm not gonna lie on the stand. 
 Okay, no one asked you to. 
 No, you asked me to go up there and say that I know what happened, but I don't. 
 Nobody knows because nobody bothered to look. 
 They gave up. 
 Where do you get off, Wyatt? 
 This was about getting a conviction, not about accusing the FBI for mismanaging a search. 
 It doesn't even matter. 
 It doesn't matter what either of us said. 
 That family is never gonna get justice. 
 The story hasn't ended. 
 They don't even have a body to bury. 
 Some questions don't have answers or endings,  although you provided us one by failing our team. 
 Can you just stop being so flip about this for one second? 
 Only a child thinks everything is going to work out. 
 Now, I don't know if it's because your parents died or you're just white and wealthy and weak with privilege, but not everything has a neat ending. 
 And just like that P.I. from Zagreb who couldn't find whatever it was that you were looking for, some FBI training exercise isn't going to fix it, either. 
 And don't ever screw with my career again. 
 Worried I might need backup? 
 [Scoffs] Just worried. 
 Did you find Simon? 
 But he's not the man we knew. 
 I'm gonna take the truck back. 
 Nimah, why don't you drive Alex? 
 Thanks. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Do you want the heat on? 
 I'm fine. 
 How is he? 
 Simon? 
 I hope he finds peace. 
 I didn't think you cared about him. 
 You had it out for him at Quantico. 
 I wanted him to pay for his sins, not the sins of someone else. 
 And he's not the only one paying for what Elias did. 
 You. Vasquez. 
 What about Vasquez? 
 Apparently, she requested an emergency leave of absence. 
 You're right. 
 [Sniffs] 
 We've changed. 
 All of us. 
 Grand Central changed us. 
 [Sighs] 
 There is one person who hasn't changed through all of this. 
 He always cared for you. 
 He still does... even if he tries not to show it. 
 I think you should know that. 
 No matter how dark it gets, you have him, Alex. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I know. 
 What do you know? 
 [Sighs] I went to the house. 
 I know they're collecting weapons for something, and you're a part of it. 
 I saw you yesterday and the day before. 
 You lied to me this morning, last week, and who knows for how long? 
 You maybe didn't even go away for New Year's. 
 And... ? 
 Raina, I love you. 
 And I love that everything new, you believe in with all your heart, but this... this is not something to believe in. 
 It's not what you think. 
 I'm undercover. 
 That cell? 
 They're the ones who took Charlie. 
 Does Miranda know? 
 She's the one who told me to do it. 
 Now I have to go back and make sure you didn't expose me. 
 We still don't know what they're planning. 
 How do I know you're telling the truth? 
 You can ask Miranda. 
 How do I know you're telling her the truth? 
 [Knock on door] 
 Who is it? 
 Brandon. 
 I told him you need help studying. 
 Where are you going? 
 To help you, since you won't help yourself. 
 Talk to Miranda first. Nimah, promise. 
 ♪ I think I'll fly... ♪ 
 She's all yours. 
 ♪ Across the ocean ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 Just apologize, and I'll move on. 
 I'm not good with uncertainty. 
 I hadn't noticed. 
 [Chuckles] Yeah. 
 A few years after my parents died, I found out that my father had an illegitimate daughter. 
 He never told us about her, and he didn't help her, so I did. 
 She was sweet and funny and a little goofy. 
 And, um, then Caleb found out that she was a con artist... a 13-year, heartbreaking, just-took-$5 million-of-my-money con artist. 
 That's awful. 
 Yeah, well, it's not about the money. 
 Just the cruelty of it. 
 I need to know why she would do something so mean for so long. 
 And what I learned today is I'm never gonna know. 
 I am never gonna get that answer. 
 How am I supposed to live with that? 
 [Sighs] 
 We, um... we had to leave Shanghai quickly. 
 And my mother... she had a sister who wouldn't go. 
 And we knew that leaving her meant they were going to come after her and take her to prison, starve her... worse. 
 I didn't know any of it when we left her. 
 All I remember was... how much she loved her house and the smile on her face when we left her. 
 Maybe she died. 
 Maybe she lived. 
 Maybe they never came after her. 
 You don't want to know? 
 Well, can you guarantee me that knowing won't get in the way of my image of her laughter? 
 Of her singing? 
 No. 
 Then I'll take uncertainty. 
 Why couldn't you just apologize to him? 
 I didn't shoot his girlfriend. 
 I wasn't even in Chicago when she was killed. 
 I'll take responsibility for the things I've done but not for the things I have no control over. 
 Then why kick him out?! 
 He's a liability to the Bureau. 
 So, first Ryan was the liability. 
 Then I was the liability. Now it's Drew? 
 When are you gonna wake up and realize that you are the real liability? 
 You are the problem? 
 Did you care about Alicia before you thought it was connected to me, or only after? 
 Why does that... 
 You don't have to answer that. See, because I know. 
 You only cared when you thought you could prove to yourself that I was bad. 
 Then you're off the hook for sleeping with me. 
 The same way you came to Quantico looking to get off the hook for shooting your father. 
 I am not doing that. 
 And we are not talking about him again. 
 We are always talking about him. 
 You couldn't handle one day of believing you killed a hero. 
 You can't handle the truth of caring about a complex person. 
 That's why you haven't contacted Ryan since New Year's. 
 So, what, you think you're the good guy now? 
 I think that you're using Drew's dead girlfriend to work through your issues with me. 
 It's the easy way to write me off, then go back to pretending that you're good and everyone else is bad. 
 I don't do that. 
 Shut the door on your way out, Trainee Parrish. 
 [Sighs] 
 Oh, hey, Mr. Robot. 
 You heading to the Old Settler tonight with everybody? 
 Me, I think I'm gonna sit this one out. 
 But I... 
 Are you Caleb Haas or Mark Raymond? 
 Excuse me? 
 This is you, but it's not you. 
 It's Mark Raymond. 
 Mark who? 
 Raymond, 28, from Dubuque, Iowa. 
 Telecommutes for a company called Dystek. 
 He was thanked in October by a Husky rescue website for his generous donation. 
 He has Spotify playlists that are nothing like yours, Tinder, Facebook, and Instagram accounts all with your name, and an Amazon wish list full of things for his new apartment near Union Station in D.C. 
 But you, Caleb Jacob Haas, live here. 
 I don't care what you think that you found, but you will not mess this up for me. 
 Do you understand? 
 Tell me that you understand. 
 I understand. 
 [Inhales deeply] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 [Door slams] 
 You slept with her. 
 You jeopardized your career, my career... for what? 
 A student? 
 You want to be self-destructive, go ahead. 
 But don't do it on my watch, at my school, when I'm the one who has to answer for your bad choices. 
 I'm not protecting you this time. 
 I'm protecting me. I'm protecting my students. 
 Miranda... 
 Don't you touch me. 
 I'll expect your resignation on my desk first thing in the morning. 
 [Cage the Elephant's "Too Late to Say Goodbye" plays] 
 [Door slams] 
 [Indistinct conversation] 
 ♪ Oh, my precious ember burning ♪ 
♪ My sweet glowing light ♪ 
♪ From the moment I first saw you ♪ 
♪ I was yours and you were mine ♪ 
♪ I was always playing the part ♪ 
♪ First love only set by a spark ♪ 
♪ There was no way changing my mind ♪ 
♪ Now I'm under your spell ♪ 
♪ Trapped in a lie ♪ 
♪ Shouldn't have stood that close to the fire ♪ 
♪ No turning back ♪ 
 Hey, Ryan, call me. We need to talk. 
 ♪ Nowhere to hide ♪ 
♪ It's too late to say goodbye ♪ 
♪ Push back from my heart ♪ 
♪ Wish we could go back to the start ♪ 
♪ But oh, my God ♪ 
♪ Is this real? ♪ 
♪ No more time ♪ 
 [Container thuds] 
 ♪ It's too late ♪ 
♪ It's too late to say goodbye ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ Now I'm under your spell ♪ 
 [Phone ringing] 
 ♪ Trapped in a lie ♪ 
 Now's not a good time. 
 Just really quickly. I wanted to apologize. 
 I've been really unfair to you, and I'm learning that I don't like when things are messy and out of my control. 
 I'm not gonna say anything more than if you ever want to sit and talk, I owe that to you. 
 And I'd like to. 
 ♪ But oh, my God ♪ 
♪ No escape ♪ 
 I miss you. 
 ♪ No more time ♪ 
 Look, I'll find you. 
 ♪ It's too late to say goodbye ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
 Everything is good? 
 You wired the money like you said you would, so, yeah. 
 Everything's good, Samar. 
 I took it back from Khaled without telling him. 
 He'll probably leave me when he finds out. 
 God, what I've done... 
 You'll do what you promised? 
 Yeah, I'll do it. 
 You'll need this. 
 [Camera shutter clicks] 
 [Phone ringing] 
 Hello? 
 Hey, you finally picked up. 
 All right, I deserve that. 
 How are you doing? 
 I'm not sure. 
 Look, I wanted to say I'm sorry for last night. 
 I'm sorry about everything that I've put you through the last few months. 
 Hey, you don't ever have to apologize to me. 
 Can I at least say thank you? 
 Thank you for coming to Simon's today, Ryan. 
 Thank you for always being there for me, no matter what. 
 I didn't come to Simon's for you. 
 I did that for me. 
 I needed to see that you were okay with my own eyes. 
 I'm not. 
 But I will be. 
 Maybe with time, the right help. 
 The Bureau has people. 
 I know. I left a message. 
 I wanted yours to be the last voice I hear tonight. 
 Well, the feeling's mutual. 
 Do you even remember life before those bombs went off? 
 I remember everything. 
 So do I. 
 Good night, Alex. 
 Good night, Ryan. 
 [Sniffles] 
 [Knock on door] 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Sighs] 
 Hi. 
 Come in. 
 [Door closes] 
 Nice place. 
 Says the guy who was living in "The Revenant." 
 There's something I want you to hold onto for me. 
 I hated getting this. 
 Just for running into that bank and pulling those people out. 
 There was no valor in anything that happened that day. 
 But maybe there's still some left to be had. 
 Just hold onto it for me, please... until I earned it. 
 Of course. 
 You can count on me, Alex. 
 No matter what. 
 You always could. 
 I know. 
 I know. 
 [Phone ringing] 
 [Gasps] It's... 
 [Ringing continues] 
 I got a plan. 
 [Ringing continues] 
 Go ahead. 
 You can answer. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 