Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x10 - Quantico - Quantico 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x10 - Quantico https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=446&t=24170 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/07/15 14:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x10 - Quantico 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Alex : It all starts seven month ago at the FBI Academy. 
 You call the cops? 
 Langdon doctored evidence. 
 You can't be mad at me. I did the right thing. 
 You don't need to say anything. 'Cause I'm leaving. 
 Clayton : Your girlfriend. 
 She's been giving away large sums of money to a woman she says is her sister. 
 This woman may not even exist. 
 Hamza. 
 She's 4. 
 Her father petitioned for full custody. 
 You are a conservative Jew from a staunch Zionist family. 
 If you let yourself be caught, well, then they'll still think that they're in control. 
 Judge : How do you plead? 
 Guilty. 
 Reporter : Outside the federal courthouse, where former FBI agent Alex Parrish has pled guilty to all charges related to the bombing. 
 [Indistinct shouting, camera shutters clicking] 
 [Door closes] 
 We're free? 
 Why? How? 
 I don't know, but they told us to stay. 
 Here you go. 
 [Siren wailing] 
 I went shopping. 
 What do you think's going on? 
 Miranda, they didn't get the real terrorist yet? 
 Not yet. 
 But we saw the news. 
 Vasquez : You pled guilty to a federal judge. 
 It was the only choice. 
 Even after everything that we found? 
 The bomber wanted me guilty. 
 That was their plan from the start. 
 And my breaking you out ended that plan. 
 Liam : Exactly. 
 And we can't find out who they are until they get back to work, which means making them think that Alex is behind bars. 
 So we give them what they want and wait to catch their finger on the trigger. 
 That's one hell of a risk. 
 If we want to find the second bomb, it's a risk we're gonna have to take. 
 We know that the bomber planned their attack around the Democratic national convention. 
 That resumes tomorrow, which means we have 24 hours to catch them. 
 And how do we do that exactly? 
 Before today, the bureau had one suspect... me. 
 Starting right now, we have 61. 
 Liam : We're going to locate and monitor every member of your class, graduated or not, until we find the one we're looking for. 
 Alex negotiated your immunity as part of her plea. 
 So no matter what happens, you'll be free. 
 My sentencing is in 23 hours. We need to find this bomb fast. 
 If anybody here isn't comfortable with this, they can leave now. 
 I'm in. 
 Me too. 
 Damn right we are. 
 ♪ 
 [Grunts] 
 _ 
 [Grunts] 
 How is that fair? 
 Who said anything about being fair? 
 Nats, listen up. 
 Vasquez just said, "who said anything about fair?" 
 And she's right. Bad guys don't play fair. 
 So do it again, and next time, it's two against one. 
 'Cause bad guys don't take turns. 
 Not the threesome I was hoping for. 
 Want to trade? 
 No. I don't want any part of that drama. 
 ♪ Don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
 Liam : Yellow vests, you're on defense. 
 ♪ Don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
 Got you. 
 ♪ Don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
♪ I don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
 Can't hit me now. 
 ♪ Don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
 Want to bet? 
 ♪ I don't wanna fight no more ♪ 
 Aah! 
 [Grunting] 
 ♪ Take from my hand ♪ 
♪ put in your hands ♪ 
 Caleb, Brandon, what are you waiting for? 
 Will one of you please come at me? 
 This is supposed to be two against one. 
 Your heart is not in this. 
 What are you talking about? We have you pinned. 
 I know what it's like when we try to pin each other. 
 This is not it. 
 Stop treating me with kid gloves. 
 You have to attack me. 
 You don't deserve to train with us. 
 Nimah. 
 Is there a problem, trainees? 
 They won't attack me. 
 Then you fail. What about them? 
 They didn't do anything wrong, unless, of course, you think they did and report them without telling anyone like you did with Langdon. 
 [Whistle blows] 
 Hit the showers! 
 Hey, nice work. 
 Nice work? 
 What? He does nice work. 
 You made more meaningful eye contact with him in the past two minutes than you have with me in a week. 
 I'm looking at you right now. 
 Okay. 
 How do you know if you're about to get dumped? 
 What do you mean? What happened? 
 I have no idea. 
 It's like we went to bed red hot and woke up in a deep freeze. 
 Um...  Are you guys still... ? 
 Oh, yeah. That's not the issue. 
 If I want physical attention, he's right there. 
 But he might as well be the freaking road runner afterwards, he's out of there so fast. 
 Have you asked him about it? 
 Yeah. I can't even get a word out. 
 He starts backing away if I even smile at him. 
 Hm. 
 You run from relationships, right? 
 What are you scared of? 
 Ha ha. 
 I just don't expect to be around long enough to enjoy them. 
 Well, you're stuck here for the next 10 weeks like the rest of us. 
 And so is Ryan, right? 
 Dad, I'm begging you. Just leave Shelby alone. 
 I promise you, her sister is real. 
 Okay, what if I find proof? 
 Then you'll leave her alone? 
 Where's my towel? 
 Hey, looking good, Spartacus. 
 [Laughter] 
 That's really funny, guys. 
 Yeah, we thought you'd enjoy the same freedom you gave that serial killer. 
 Simon. 
 Nimah and Brandon really aren't letting the Langdon thing go, huh? 
 I did the right thing. 
 I don't care what they think. 
 Hey. 
 Nice work out there, Parrish. 
 Almost made me look bad. 
 Is something going on? 
 What are you talking about? 
 That scar or whatever it is behind your ear. 
 I saw it. 
 What the hell do you think you saw? 
 Huh? Tell me. 
 Look, I don't want to call you out in public or anything, but if I... 
 I'll call you out right here. 
 Stay out of my business, or I'll start poking in yours. 
 [Locker door slams] 
 You're still here. 
 I thought you were leaving Quantico. 
 I am. Flight's booked. 
 Got a whole new undercover assignment and everything. 
 Why? Not fast for you? 
 What do you want me to say, Ryan? 
 That I'm happy you're moving on? 
 That I'm afraid I'm gonna miss you? 
 Yeah, that's pretty nice. Keep those coming. 
 Look, I need a favor, okay? 
 I just had a pretty weird moment with Natalie. 
 You know that scar that she has here? 
 I do. 
 I think it's fake. 
 You're kidding me. 
 No. I saw it peeling off. 
 Well, if that's the case, then you should probably tell somebody about it right away. 
 Yeah, I'd rather just find out what's going on and talk to her about it. 
 I was just wondering if you could call your friends back at HQ, find out something for me. 
 One last favor before I hit the road, huh? 
 Well, you know I can't say no to you. 
 The C.I.A., the NSA, Congress, even the White House itself... 
 What do they all have in common? 
 If you want to work there, you have to go through us first. 
 Every year, the FBI conducts over 10,000 background checks, most of them on behalf of other agencies. 
 Starting today, you'll be helping me vet the final applicants for a new class of new agent trainees. 
 Like the class before you, you will verify the background checks completed thus far and decide who is fit or unfit for that final coveted interview. 
 This is not a drill. 
 These are people's real lives up there. 
 So pair up, work together, and be right. 
 We all know what can happen when someone is wrong. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Simon : Raina, do you want to work with me? 
 Nimah : She's working with me. 
 Hey, um, how's Ryan? 
 Hospital says he's stable, but he won't be getting out for a while. 
 Agent Kearns just got home. 86th and Columbus. 
 We need a surveillance team standing by. 
 Surveillance will be up in five. 
 Liam, what do the agents on this detail think they're doing? 
 Very comprehensive background checks so when the real bomber makes a move, meets an accomplice, plants the second bomb...  
 We have eyes on them. 
 Hey, I'm sorry I doubted you. 
 I hope you know that. 
 I've made so many mistakes. 
 Hey, let's make today the day we stop doing anything that we regret. 
 Thank you. 
 It's good to have you back. 
 I never left. 
 Been here the whole time. 
 In handcuffs, remember? 
 Miranda, Liam, everyone's accounted for. 
 All right. Let's fire it up. 
 [Beeping] 
 Congratulations. Nice work. 
 Our surveillance team will take it from here. 
 Now it's time to pivot to the bomb hunt. 
 I want an update with all our current leads in the bullpen in five. 
 The DNC restarts in 21 hours. 
 Let's make them count. 
 We need to watch them, too. 
 You want me to spy on my own team? 
 I've already looked into them. 
 I think they've earned my trust, Miranda. 
 Or biding their time until the right moment. 
 We could put trails on them without them even knowing it. 
 I am not gonna lie to them. They're my friends. 
 I know it's hard, but it's the only way to be sure. 
 Miranda, you once told us never to turn our backs on the people who needed you the most. 
 It's the people of New York who need you the most now. 
 Do it. 
 So, we're up there, Clayton's down there. 
 My dad is not gonna like it 
 when he finds out you're working behind his back. 
 Will you leave me alone,  Caleb? 
 This feels so wrong. 
 Doing the right thing often does. 
 Give me the twins. 
 I have a lead 
 on one of the components I should follow up on. 
 Show me Asher. 
 Background investigations can challenge your skills as an agent in every way. 
 Harvard JD/MBA, Peace Corps? 
 He teaches hot yoga in Copley Square. 
 Yeah, well, two accusations of sexual harassment. 
 I guess that yoga really  was  hot. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Look deep inside them to see what they don't want you to see to find out what an applicant is hiding. 
 Iraq, Afghanistan...  The guy's so brave, he's signing up for wars faster than we can start them. 
 Too bad he wasn't brave enough to pay his child support. 
 I'm sorry, buddy. 
 Denied. 
 He's shirtless in every picture. 
 Hey, abs aren't illegal. 
 Trust me. 
 Mm, but periscoping your ayahuasca trip at burning man definitely is. 
 ♪ Without a question ♪ 
♪ don't wait for life ♪ 
♪ when I shine, you shine, always on your side ♪ 
 She speaks six languages and runs her own small business. 
 People with that much experience tend to have a storied past. 
 Don't you think so, Simon? 
 Miranda : Uncover the real person and ask yourself, "can I trust this person with my life?" 
 Caleb : Can you help me with this last one? 
 She's from your part of the world. 
 Mm, what do I get for it? 
 Ooh. Snacks. Plenty of them. 
 All the sunchips and combos the vending machine can offer. 
 Hand it over. I'll take a look. 
 ♪ Don't wait till I put up a fight ♪ 
♪ you won my heart ♪ 
 Did you ever think, if we're vetting them, who vetted us? 
 ♪ Don't wait for life ♪ 
 Hey. Danny? 
 Amin, right? 
 One of two? 
 When I first saw you, I thought it was odd that none of our class vetted you. 
 And now we all know why. 
 It's cool. 
 I kind of wanted to talk to you about that. 
 We're vetting the new class, and I could use some advice. 
 I'm all yours. 
 I have this excellent candidate. 
 I'm worried she'll be cut just because she spent some time in Syria. 
 I've been asking around, and I heard you also had some controversial candidates. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Like that guy in your class that volunteered for the I.D.F.? 
 Yeah. 
 Walk with me. 
 [Beeping] 
 Thank you, Miss Wyatt, for not updating your O.S. 
 [Rhythmic knock on door] 
 [Door opens] 
 Alex : Hey. 
 Hey, hey. 
 So, I got some information back on Vasquez. 
 The only thing I could find that needed a high-level clearance is a restraining order that she has against a guy named Edgar Beltran. 
 Perks of being an agent, huh? 
 Special agent. I told you. 
 He's a garden-variety dirtbag. 
 Drug charges up and down Texas. 
 Well, at least until 2011. 
 I wonder what he did that she needs protection from him. 
 Have you guys seen Caleb? 
 Um, no. 
 I was just coming to tell you, wonder bread's on your computer. 
 You have got to be kidding me. 
 You couldn't leave it alone, could you? 
 [Thud, door opens] 
 What are you doing? 
 Hey, Shelby. Your Internet's faster than mine. 
 Brandon uses all the bandwidth watching p0rn. 
 Hand over the flash drive now. 
 What flash drive? 
 [Groans] 
 Okay, hey, look, I know it doesn't look like it, but I swear I am helping you. 
 In what world is this helping me? 
 Do you know what a mahal is? 
 What did you say? 
 Talking to my sister. 
 About what exactly? 
 [Pounding] 
 Everybody out in the hall right now. Let's go. 
 [Pounding] 
 Let's go! 
 All right, listen up. 
 There's been an emergency session of the new agent review board called. 
 Classroom. Right now. 
 This is not a drill. 
 Uh-oh. That's not good. 
 Not good? That's terrible. 
 Well, someone's packing their bags tonight. 
 [Sighs] 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 You diverted every resource in the greatest manhunt in FBI history for the wrong person. 
 You helped a suspected terrorist escape. 
 If it wasn't for me, even if Alex was exonerated, you'd be in jail right now. 
 Are you saying I should thank you for my freedom? 
 You  should thank  me. 
 I'm the one who saw the truth. 
 Alex : Simon's on the move. 
 I'll call in a follow unit. 
 Who is Wyatt talking to? 
 Bring it up. Give me audio. 
 Shelby :  It's the right thing to do. 
 We both know that this was a mistake. 
 Clayton, please. 
 Did she say "Clayton"? 
 Just ki... just kill it right now. 
 No, no, no. Alex, you can't protect her. 
 We need to know everything. 
 But won't everything be permanently on her case files? 
 Are you sure Shelby is definitely not guilty? 
 Are you? 
 Raina's on the move. Bring her down. 
 Uh, don't lose her. Find her. 
 King James hospital. What... what is she doing there? 
 I don't know. 
 But we need to find out who's in that room. 
 That's Hamza Kouri, the leader of the cell that she and Nimah infiltrated. 
 Why is Raina visiting him? 
 Nimah : Is something wrong? 
 Kill the visual. 
 You all seem worried. 
 We need to keep this area clear. 
 I just need this FISA application fast-tracked. 
 I'll come find you. 
 Thank you. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 What did she see? 
 That was the agent trailing Simon. 
 He's meeting someone at the Sobel Triangle in south Williamsburg. 
 Get that. 
 Oh, my God. 
 We need to call in Simon right now. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Why? 
 Because that man he's meeting... 
 That man makes bombs. 
 All right. Take your seats. 
 The new agent review board is about to begin. 
 Shelby : What were you even looking for? 
 Look, my father doesn't think that your sister's real. 
 Of course she is. She's my sister. 
 Yeah, I know, but he thinks that you're getting conned, and he's gonna go after you, so I have to find proof. 
 Shelby, I swear I'm the good guy here. 
 This narb could be about my sister. 
 You could've just ruined my career. 
 You have never seen my father go after somebody before. 
 He could assassinate somebody without even picking up a gun. 
 Besides, people get catfished all the time. 
 My sister's the only family I have left in the world. 
 She's not a lie. 
 Those photos are proof that you've met her many times over 15 years. 
 Nobody catfishes somebody for 15 years. 
 Natalie, you can talk to us. 
 Where? You're always behind my back. 
 [Scoffs] Listen to me. 
 Who is Edgar Beltran, and why do you have a restraining order against him? 
 Stay out of my life. 
 We're just trying to help. 
 I'll remember that when I'm taking a cab to the airport after they kick me out. 
 Oh, come on. You don't know this is about you. 
 You have done enough. 
 I'm the one getting narb'd, right? 
 'Cause of you? 
 That's where you were. 
 You were trying to get me kicked out. 
 You once said nobody knows anybody, right? 
 So maybe you're the reason why we're here, and maybe everyone will learn about the real Simon Asher once and for all now that I know they should, too, right? 
 Eh, mahal? 
 Miranda : The new agent review board investigates any and every breach of the Nat code of conduct. 
 It also assesses the fitness of the accused to continue on at Quantico. 
 Natalie Vasquez, will you please step forward? 
 Natalie, we have reason to believe that you have been less than candid on your application. 
 I didn't lie. 
 How did you get that scar on your neck? 
 I ask you again, how did you get that scar? 
 One of the field counselors this morning saw that scar coming off your skin. 
 It's not real, is it? 
 No. It is not. 
 Explain yourself. 
 Who's Asher talking to? 
 Oren Shelef. He's an explosives expert. 
 Lives in south Williamsburg. 
 Asher knows him from his time from the I.D.F. 
 He took me to see him on Tuesday. 
 Miranda : We need audio. 
 We can't get any closer. 
 Our tails would be made. There's no cover. 
 Simon's smart. He knows he's being watched. 
 Look, tell them to keep their distance but to get in position in case they run. 
 
 
 
 [School bell rings] 
 Okay, what's our play now? 
 Go, tell them. Tell them to take them before they run. 
 Man : All units, bring in the targets. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Stop the bus! 
 Alex : Simon is six steps ahead. He always is. 
 We lost him. 
 I had a boyfriend back in Laredo. 
 He was bad news. 
 He hurt me. 
 Not physically. 
 Emotionally? 
 He made sure I lived in fear of every move he made, made sure I knew I was never safe, and I was too scared to leave. 
 When someone hits you, people can see the bruise, but no one can see what Eddie did to me. 
 I got pregnant, and that was it. 
 I had to get away, but he wouldn't let me. 
 And I couldn't have my daughter grow up with the same fear that I had. 
 So when he said that he'd sue for full custody, I gave that judge something she can see, and I got to keep my girl. 
 Where is she now? 
 After she was born, he got his life together. 
 When I applied here, he said if I got in and I left even for five months, he'd find a way to get her back, and he has. 
 [Voice breaking] I never lied to you. 
 Not to you, not to the agents that did my checks. 
 I never mentioned it, and they never asked. 
 But you let them believe it. You kept wearing it. Why? 
 I was too afraid that if I took it off, I would lose her for good. 
 Well, technically, you didn't lie. 
 You withheld. 
 And withholding can compromise any one of you as an agent. 
 Any secret, no matter how small, can be used as a weapon by someone who wants something from you. 
 This scar isn't a secret. 
 It's a reminder of who I used to be. 
 It's a symbol. 
 It's no different than Parrish's ohm bracelet or Wyatt's plane piece. 
 How I choose to remind myself of my sacrifice, of being away from my girl, of my fight, that isn't anything anyone can compromise. 
 The board will retire to deliberate. 
 We will return once we've reached a decision. 
 Natalie... 
 [Door closes] 
 Simon is the one who should be up there, not you. 
 And why's that, judge Judy? 
 Simon has given people real scars. 
 He should have never been allowed in this place. 
 [Murmuring] 
 What are you talking about, Nimah? 
 Nimah, please. 
 Simon Asher is a war criminal. 
 Why did you go to visit Hamza? 
 What are you talking about? 
 I saw you. 
 I thought he might know something about the second bomb. 
 I saw you kiss him. 
 Are you spying on me? 
 Not me. Them. 
 They're watching all of us. 
 Why did you go to see him? 
 Are you in love with him? 
 [Sighs] 
 He's a lost human being, Nimah. 
 He's been oppressed all his life, and he's trying to fight for what he thinks freedom is in the only way he's ever known. 
 He doesn't really want to hurt anyone. 
 That's not what I heard him say when I slept with him for our mission. 
 How can you still be so naive? 
 You wouldn't understand. 
 You never had faith in anyone. 
 You need to come up with a better story for when they interrogate us, okay? 
 What do you mean? 
 We got units out to Asher's home, office, known associates. 
 You can't come in here. 
 Watch me. 
 Oh, wait. 
 You already are. 
 Nimah. 
 What's going on? 
 Oh, my God. 
 They've been watching us this whole time. 
 We're still suspects? 
 Who authorized this? 
 How long has this been happening? 
 It shouldn't matter if you have nothing to hide. 
 Everything that you recorded is now on the record forever, no matter how personal everything we said or did while under surveillance is gonna live in an official transcript for the rest of our careers. 
 Yeah, if we have careers left. 
 Do you even trust us? 
 After everything I've done for you? 
 Of course I trust you. I trust all of you. 
 You're my team. You're my family. 
 Then somebody better explain now. 
 Simon : Don't bother. 
 Simon? 
 I'm the only one that knows the truth. 
 I'm the one who planned Grand Central. 
 ♪ 
 Grand Central was suspicious to me from the start. 
 Such a large target, so few casualties. 
 Reminded me of something I designed back at Quantico. 
 Designed? 
 In my spare time, which I had plenty of after you turned everyone against me. 
 Wait. 
 Are you saying you're responsible for Grand Central? 
 No, I planned a political act, a statement on behalf of a group of people who are sick and tired of us killing each other. 
 Two bombs. 
 Simon. 
 One under Temple Emanu-El, the other under the 96th Street Mosque. 
 A warning would be issued approximately one hour before... 
 A bomb threat on the subway lines that run underneath each. 
 When the final transit evacuated the area according to MTA bomb-threat procedures, a remote device on the tracks would be triggered. 
 Which we know is how the Grand Central bomb was triggered. 
 When I read the report today and saw the GCT was triggered by the final train evacuating, I knew. 
 Somebody stole my plans and used them for themselves. 
 Someone at Quantico. 
 How do we know it wasn't you? 
 Because I never wanted my bombs to go off. 
 What did you want? 
 I wanted to save the world. 
 He spent time in Gaza. We know that. 
 But did you know that it was in service of the Israeli defense forces? 
 Yeah, and I was proud to serve. 
 I believe in the Jewish homeland. 
 They made me into a translator, sometimes during interrogations, but I did not hurt anybody. 
 You didn't hurt anyone? Really? 
 Then who did? 
 Who killed those unarmed civilians, shot at ambulances, targeted hospitals and schools? 
 Hamas hides in schools. 
 They use civilians as human shields. 
 I'm not defending Hamas. 
 And even if they did this, what you have done is as wrong. 
 War is wrong. 
 I learned that firsthand in hostile territory when everyone around me was trying to kill me. 
 You have no idea what that is like. 
 We were born in Lebanon in a civil war, and that's all we knew for the first eight years of our lives before we came here. 
 So don't you tell me what I know. 
 There's no way you were just a translator. 
 We have seen your skills with firearms. 
 We've seen you invent a whole persona. 
 What did you do? 
 What did they  make  you do? 
 They didn't make me do anything. 
 I volunteered. 
 Simon, please say the truth. 
 I was a translator. 
 Okay? 
 That's all. 
 Until one day, my platoon leader told me that they couldn't find who they were looking for. 
 He asked me to help. 
 How did you help them? 
 By getting close to women, to lure them to interrogations on the whereabouts of their husbands. 
 I thought that they were just gonna ask questions like they always did. 
 [Breathing shakily] 
 [Voice breaking] I didn't know that they... 
 I didn't find out until later that my platoon leader had gone rogue. 
 He'd snapped from he's seen over there. 
 I was just following orders, okay? 
 I was just doing what I was told. 
 But I knew it was wrong. 
 I wanted to do good. 
 I really wanted to be good. 
 [Crying] 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Blowing up a mosque or a synagogue doesn't change the world. 
 It happens every day. 
 Not here, it doesn't. 
 And it was never gonna happen, either. 
 My design was intentionally flawed. 
 I wanted the bomb to be found so that people would finally wake up on both sides and start talking to each other. 
 Peace is the only solution. 
 There is no other way out. 
 But you never went through with it. 
 Look, I am not responsible for Grand Central. 
 Somebody stole my plans, fixed the flaws, and used them for themselves. 
 I am not a murderer. 
 Then, who is, Simon? 
 Could be anyone. 
 We could be looking at him right now. 
 At least that's what you think, isn't it? 
 But it isn't me. 
 Where do you think you're going? 
 Home... to get my affairs in order. 
 I'm guessing it's only a matter of hours before I'm arrested for treason. 
 Simon, wait. 
 What? For what? 
 What do you want from me? 
 I gave you my friendship, my confidence, my loyalty... 
 We all did. 
 And the second you had the chance to do the same, you turned on us. 
 Simon. 
 No, he's right. 
 She was just doing her job. We all are. 
 We've been through too much together to end up like this. 
 Being treated like names on a list? 
 We've risked our careers. We've... we've taken bullets. 
 We put everything on the line for her. 
 For you when you needed it the most. 
 Where were you when we needed the same? 
 Huh? 
 No, I'll tell you where. 
 Hiding behind those monitors. 
 [Voice breaking] Shelby, please. 
 No. 
 This morning, we said we weren't gonna make any more choices that we regret. 
 So I hope that you can live with this, Alex. 
 I really do. 
 When this is over, you'll be a hero. 
 You'll be famous. 
 Us? 
 We won't even have our names. 
 Great work, Parrish. 
 Enjoy your parade... alone. 
 [Sobbing] 
 Nimah, stop this. 
 "Stop this." 
 He's a war criminal. 
 No, a soldier isn't a criminal just because you don't believe in their war, Nimah. 
 Are you defending your own kind? 
 No, I'm not. 
 I'm standing up for a man who's gonna make a great special agent someday. 
 Probably a better one than I am. 
 Don't you mean a better special agent than you're gonna be? 
 No, he doesn't. 
 Just tell them. 
 [Sighs] 
 You know, Simon and Vasquez aren't the only ones in here with a secret. 
 I'm not a trainee. 
 I'm a special agent who was assigned to Quantico to work undercover. 
 And I can tell you that Vasquez and Simon deserve to be here because of their secrets, because of their rage. 
 Vasquez, what you've done for your daughter... 
 It's that fight that is gonna drive you to be a great agent. 
 And, Simon, when you threw me against a wall, I mean, we were eye to eye, and I saw the soldier inside of you, I saw that pain, and I get it. 
 You know, we've all made mistakes. 
 We all have secrets. 
 But everybody here... Every single one of you... 
 Has earned the right to serve. 
 Thank you, Special Agent Booth. 
 You can take your seats. 
 Everyone in this room volunteered to put their duty ahead of their conscience. 
 What we do when we follow orders may not always be fair, and it may not always be right. 
 But it is what is asked of us, and it is what we have to live with. 
 Natalie Vasquez, will you please step forward? 
 Natalie, the board has decided that you are fit to continue your time here at Quantico, given a two-week supervisory probation. 
 You are all dismissed. 
 You can continue vetting the new nats in the morning. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 Mr. Asher, a moment please? 
 So, you're not undercover, too? 
 No? 
 Okay. That's good. 
 I'm just checking, because Special Agent Booth and everything. 
 I am not. 
 Are you? 
 Look, I'm sorry. 
 I guess we both know that you can be so close to someone and still have no idea who they really are. 
 They can smile but be a monster on the inside. 
 They can say they care for you and betray you. 
 I wasn't trying to betray you. 
 You thought you were taking care of something I would have never noticed myself. 
 I am taking care of something... 
 No, you didn't. You made me doubt my sister. 
 And now you're gonna help me get rid of those doubts once and for all. 
 So, is everyone freaking out about the agent in their midst? 
 I did always think it was weird how good you were at everything. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Almost as good as you. 
 So, jump street... [Both laugh] you really think I'm gonna make one hell of an agent? 
 I think these clowns are lucky to have you. 
 [Chuckles] 
 Am I interrupting? 
 Just sending Ryan off. 
 I owe you. 
 No. 
 Maybe one day, I can save your life. 
 Hey. 
 Hey, hey. 
 You asked me this morning why I hadn't left yet. 
 Yeah, well, it's hard to go back to the real world. 
 I can see that. 
 This  is  my real world. 
 I could've kept this undercover thing going for forever. 
 I didn't want to leave you. 
 I've spent a lot of time trying to figure out who the real Ryan Booth is. 
 What you did back there? 
 I think I saw him. 
 ♪ I'll be high above the Earth ♪ 
 So, what's next? 
 [Chuckles] 
 Um... 
 You go back to your job. 
 Los Angeles. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 I graduate, maybe go to New York. 
 Well, that's the best office. 
 We e-mail. 
 We text. 
 Oh, like each other's posts, of course. 
 [Laughs] 
 And maybe, just maybe, get really hot for each other when we're in the same city... 
 Mm. until one of us loses interest and gets married. 
 [Chuckles] Again. 
 Making us just another memory that keeps us up at night. 
 Oh, come on. I think we can do better than that. 
 I hope so. 
 ♪ Let go of you ♪ 
 I've never said "I love you" when I really wanted to. 
 I've never said it at all. 
 ♪ I will not let go of you ♪ 
 Over the course of your time here at Quantico, you've proven yourself to be one of the finest trainees we've ever had. 
 And so I am sorry to say that that time is over. 
 Because of Nimah? 
 She is totally distorting my service in the I.D.F. 
 Your military service was never a problem for the FBI. 
 Your assault of a fellow trainee is. 
 Did you or did you not attack Ryan Booth your third week here? 
 Yes. 
 An unreported assault of a fellow trainee is automatic grounds for dismissal. 
 It's beyond even my discretion. 
 Where was your discretion when you locked me in a bathroom for 24 hours? 
 How do you justify this? 
 Understanding and respecting the proper use of force lies at the core of everything we do here. 
 If you cannot control your anger, you cannot serve. 
 I'm sorry, Simon. 
 This wasn't supposed to happen. 
 [ Speaks native language] 
 Who are you? 
 That's not important. 
 I know who you really are. 
 I'm sorry. 
 My... my English is not very good. 
 Cut the crap. 
 Let me in, or I'll tell your sister everything. 
 Where's Shelby? Does she...  
 I have been watching your every move for months. 
 August 6th...  $100,000. 
 September 9th...  $100,000. 
 October 12th...  $1 million. 
 All funneled through Tyrell credit. 
 The con that you're running ends now unless you cut me in on 10%. 
 5%. 
 [Gasps] 
 It's a deal. I-I'll be in touch. 
 [Crying] 
 ♪ I'm gonna miss you ♪ 
 [gasps] 
 So it's true. 
 Doesn't matter. 
 I live with the choices I've made, come to terms with them. 
 I live with the consequences. 
 Simon. 
 You ever feel like people can't really see you? 
 Like if you stopped moving, you'd just... Fade away? 
 You are not invisible. 
 And yet... 
 ♪ I do not love you ♪ 
 .. watch me disappear. 
 ♪ Because I'm bored ♪ 
♪ no, I was just saying them things ♪ 
♪ when I was feeling a little unsure about myself ♪ 
♪ and I'm sorry, baby ♪ 
♪ that wasn't right ♪ 
♪ then you got me thinkin' ♪ 
 [Sobbing] 
 ♪ Yeah, thinkin' of you ♪ 
♪ thinkin' for the last time ♪ 
♪ yeah, the last time ♪ 
♪ now that I know you're really gonna leave me ♪ 
♪ maybe the stars aligned ♪ 
♪ or maybe I've just changed my mind ♪ 
♪ maybe I'm yours ♪ 
♪ I'm yours ♪ 
♪ I'm yours, I'm yours ♪ 
♪ I'm yours, I'm yours ♪ 
♪ I'm yours ♪ 
♪ yes, sir ♪ 
 Hey. 
 Thank you for warning me. 
 Say something. 
 There's nothing left to say. 
 Caleb, I am so sorry. 
 I didn't think that it would end like this. 
 Are you just gonna ignore me? 
 Caleb? 
 What? 
 I didn't choose this, okay? 
 Yeah, you did, when you slept with my dad. 
 You did choose this. 
 Well, if whatever I had with your dad was on the record, then me ending it is, too. 
 God, I just can't imagine how your mom's gonna feel when she finds out. 
 Well, you don't have to worry about that, 'cause she already knows. 
 Yeah, I told her, because she's gonna get the nomination, and I have to protect her. 
 Because that's what you do when you love somebody. 
 You protect them. 
 Liam : Hey. 
 You should get some rest. 
 Why? 
 So I can sleep before my sentencing tomorrow? 
 We're back at zero, and I just lost everyone that I trust the most. 
 We'll keep looking. 
 I'll  keep looking. 
 You haven't lost everything, Alex. 
 Yes, I have. 
 Simon. 
 Tailing me yourself now? 
 I sent them home. 
 No one's here. 
 Just us. 
 So... 
 You need my help. 
 I need you to believe in me like I believed in you when no one else did. 
 When everyone looked right through you, I saw you, Simon. 
 Alex... 
 No, you walked through fire for me, and I'm asking you to walk right back in. 
 Not because it's fair or because you owe me anything or because by tomorrow, I might be in jail for the rest of my life, but we save lives. 
 We can catch this terrorist, Simon. 
 But I can't do it alone. 
 I need you. 
 I've always needed you. 
 I need us to go back to what we were at Quantico. 
 Please. 
 I wish we could. 
 Simon... 
 I wish we could wipe away this whole year... 
 Everything we've done, everything we have lost. 
 I wish we could go back to being the optimistic people who signed up to save the world. 
 But we can't, because we never were those people to begin with. 
 And we can never go back to Quantico. 
 [Sniffles] 
 ♪ 
 [Muffled grunting] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 