Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x20 - Drive - Quantico 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x20 - Drive https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=446&t=26963 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/16 03:28 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x20 - Drive 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Quantico"... 
 Drew : My career is over. What am I supposed to do? What's left for me? Agent Susan Coombs, your new handler. Do you have any idea what kind of an asset you're going to be in counterterrorism? Shelby : Caleb is not only violent, he is actively engaged with a cult. He's a danger to all of us. I don't know you at all, Ryan. Why do you want to talk to Alex? Because the last person who saw Natalie Vasquez alive was Alex. Find her. Alex. I'm sick. I helped build it. The nuke. You have to find it. FBI! Alex Parrish, we have a warrant for your... Caleb : Hey, Booth. You're just in time for "Clever Carriage Home." How much do you think this rusticated bench will go for? Talk to me! Man : Clear! We got nothing. She isn't here. But Caleb is. Bring him in. I'll get him to talk. Yep, you're not gonna find her here. She hasn't been here since yesterday. Then where is she? [Helicopter blades whirring] [Indistinct conversations] Alex : We called the tip in six hours ago. They still haven't found anything. I don't understand. Will said that he was forced to assemble the nuclear bomb inside the church's catacombs. Oh, my God. Maybe the bomb's portable. So, what do we do? I don't know. Maybe... Maybe Will can help us with our next lead when he wakes up. If he wakes up, Alex. He's in the ICU. [Sighs] Where are we on finding Simon? Well, if Simon helped Will build the bomb, he would be suffering from the same levels of radiation sickness. I just ran a search of the city hospitals to see if there's any other patients suffering from similar symptoms. There's a John Doe at the ICU at St. Luke's. Male, 5'10", brown hair... Do you think that could be Simon? Meet me there. Be careful. They're looking for you. I know. [Gin Wigmore's "New Rush" plays] You think you're strong? Well, somebody's stronger. You think you're fast? There's somebody faster. Close quarters combat isn't about strength and speed. It's about who can adapt more quickly to their surroundings. Technique will help you. Instinct will save your life. Welcome to the Box. The Box is meant to simulate a real-world encounter in a confined space. ♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ 
♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ Liam : Because out in the field, you don't get to choose the when and where. You certainly don't get to choose who you fight. Speaking of which, meet your new sparring partners... us. Parrish, you're up. Ready to get your ass kicked by a girl? ♪ To all the fools that live in my heart ♪ Hey. I thought that you might want to check out the book Liam was talking about in class earlier. Sure. Of course. How did you know I always wanted to read "The Standard System for Investigating and Classifying Violent Crime"? Eh, you know. I just... You know you don't need an excuse to talk to me, right? I'll keep that in mind. ♪ I step on you ♪ Ready? ♪ To sip on fire ♪ 
♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ 
♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ 
♪ I burn my eyes to see through water ♪ [Both breathing heavily] Guess that's a rain check on that ass-kicking. Looks like everything that's old is new again. Iris : [Scoffs] Yeah, you don't waste any time, do you? Drew's been gone for, what, 20 minutes? ♪ To feel your rush ♪ 
♪ And in that rush, I want your touch ♪ Thank you, sir. What is he doing back here? I thought you said you'd handled it. I thought I had, too. ♪ I step on you ♪ 
♪ To sip on fire ♪ 
♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ She's watching. [Speaking indistinctly] We read the brief on the Poughkeepsie cell that you want us to infiltrate, and, honestly, they are years away from being a threat. We're wasting our time. [Sighs] I think what my sister means is... No training wheels. If we have to go into a cell, I want the biggest one. I was us to go after the men who attacked Quantico. We're ready. I don't need to tell you what happens if you're not ready. ♪ I step on you ♪ I'll talk to my supervisor. Thank you. ♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ 
♪ I got this feeling that I can't go back ♪ 
♪ I burn my eyes to see through water ♪ Liam : Good job today. Let's go get cleaned up. A little late to be turning in your field assignment form, don't you think? I asked O'Connor if I could redo mine. Buffalo, Cleveland, Milwaukee... Those are old-age homes. Weren't you and Alex applying for New York? All three of these offices are a few hours by car to the Canadian border. I could see them every weekend. Look, I know you're probably upset Caleb's back, and so am I, but I don't want you making a choice you're going to regret later. Iris, just because I don't want what you want doesn't mean that I'm making a mistake. For the record, you just got lucky. Even Ronda Rousey loses sometimes, okay? I want a rematch. What, you're not gonna say anything? Well, this is way more fun. [Gasps] Where did you learn that move anyway... the backflip thing? [Sighs] I don't know. But it saved my life in Afghanistan. Afghanistan, huh? Two tours. I know. I just wasn't entirely sure if that was real. Um... wow. The real Ryan Booth... still a mystery. Well, that part was true. And everything else? Oh, you know, I don't know. I just... I was a different person back then. [Chuckling] Shut up. You know, it was... Okay, okay. How about, when I'm not your trainee anymore, maybe we could get caught up on everything over dinner. T-minus two weeks before I'm your equal. Well, not quite equal. I'll rise fast. All right, two weeks, and you might need more than one dinner. There's still a lot you don't know. Liam : Panic attacks, insecurity, insubordination, exasperation, crippling self-doubt... These are all symptoms trainees have experienced on their first day of work at their new field office. So, here at the Academy, we're trying something different. We're gonna give you a chance to visit a field office before you graduate. Ryan : You'll shadow real agents working real cases. And as these agents don't know you personally, they will be evaluating you... specifically your readiness to work. Liam : So, if I were you, I would put my best foot forward. Ryan : All right, since the entire class can't visit the same field office, we split you up into groups. So, Parrish, Wyatt, Chang, Fletcher, Haas, and the Amin twins, you seven are coming with me to the Richmond field office. We move out in 20. Man : The following trainees are coming to the Norfolk field office... I may not be able to prove what you did to Will, but are you why Shelby is changing her field office assignment request to Buffalo? What are you talking about? Okay, I don't believe all that "I just want to be closer to my family" thing. I think it's you. T-That's a huge mistake. You got to stop her. How about I stop you instead? I don't care who your family is, but you're done. You just don't know it yet. I spoke with my supervisor, and we're going to test you today. Let me guess... You want us to play one person and swap back and forth? Yes, but that's not the hard part. We've already told an agent in the office that you will be posing as one trainee. This agent knows who you are, but you don't know who they are. The test is simple... Identify your contact without blowing your cover. Just like in the field, they can't walk up to you and say, "Nice to meet you. I'm your contact." You have to figure out who they are by looking for cues and arranging to meet without being found out. We'll do our best, but... what if we fail? If you fail, I won't even be able to send you to Poughkeepsie. Alex : Oh, hey. By the way, I figured out what I'm going to be working on. Oh, yeah? Mm-hmm. You. I'm gonna figure out everything that's worth finding out about the elusive Ryan Booth once and for all. [Chuckles] John Doe should be in Room 16. There. Woman : Trauma team to the E.R., please. Trauma team to the E.R. [Gasps] Is it over? Did you get him? Who? Get who? Ryan. It started a few months after I left the Academy. I was working for this private security firm in New York when I got a call... unknown number. I answered, and this voice tells me to rent a van and park it on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx. At first, I refused, and then they texted me photos of my sister, her little kids. After that, I stopped asking questions. What was the make and model of the van? It was gray. That's all I can remember. Why? The van that brought you to Grand Central the day of the attack? Tell me what happened next. They kept calling and asking me to do more... gather information on train routes to Penn Station and Grand Central, scout CCTVs around the city. I had no idea what they were up to. And then, the first attack happened, and I saw you on the news. I felt horrible, Alex. Why didn't you turn yourself in? To who? The FBI? I knew whoever was doing this was inside the Bureau. That doesn't mean it was Ryan. No, it doesn't. But two nights ago, I delivered a nuclear fuel core to a warehouse in Yonkers, and I waited across the street to see who'd show up. It was Ryan. And he had Will, handcuffed. What about Simon Asher? Did you see him? If you didn't tell anyone before, why are you telling us now? Why should we believe you now? I have no reason to lie to you, Alex. Just look into Ryan. Look in his computer, his phone, his car. My thought is, at the very least, we'll find the voice-modification software he's been using this whole time. Look... Check my pants pocket. There's a flash drive I stole from work. It has a brute-force algorithm in it. It'll decrypt Ryan's computer passwords. I was on my way to get it to you, and I collapsed. Alex, look... I know that you care for Ryan, but he built his entire relationship with you on a lie. Don't forget that. Just do a little digging. You'll see for yourself. I promise you, Alex. Kent : Welcome to Richmond. [Elevator bell dings] My name is Agent Jordan Kent, and I'm the Special Agent in Charge of this field office. We investigate over a thousand cases a year, and every single one of them is crucial. Now, a few words of advice as newbies on the job... eyes open, mouths shut. Follow those rules, and who knows? A few years from now, you may be standing where I am. And if you don't, maybe you'll be substitute teaching like my old friend Booth here. When I call your name, report to the agent you're assigned to. Amin, you'll be working with Garnett, counterterrorism. Mmm, that's quite a special agent there. Wyatt and Haas, you'll be with Agent Alonzo, property crime. Uh, excuse me, I'd like to request a new partner. Yeah, And I'd happily sub for her. Did something give you the idea assignments are optional? And Parrish, Chang, and Fletcher... you three are with me. Come on. [Bonnie Raitt's "Need You Tonight" plays] You two will be working the biggest case in the office. Big case... a lot of paperwork. Start alphabetizing. Four days ago, we had a break-in at the Norman Avenue post office. Nothing was taken, but we're still canvassing for leads, talking to people who live nearby. Nobody stole anything from the post office, and you're applying FBI resources to this? You'll be cold-calling everyone in a half-mile radius. Here in Richmond, that's about 2,700 people. Every call will follow this script. Any questions? Just check the script. Have fun. ♪ I've got to let you know ♪ Alex : Good morning. I'm calling from the Richmond FBI in regards... Iris : to a recent burglary at the Norman Avenue post office. We're talking to everyone who lives in the area in the hope they... I'm sorry. I did not know Ellen was dancing right now. What am I wearing? Tights and heels. Of course the mailman shouldn't be walking on your hydrangeas, but I'm the wrong person to talk to. You can buy stamps online. "What's a post office?" [Receivers slam] ♪ Unh ♪ Agent Kent, um, I think I may have found a lead... a Scott Walker, 961 Lincoln Road, says he saw something the night of the break-in. Let's go pay him a visit. [Sighs] So [sighs] I've got good news and bad news. Which do you want first? You pick. Well, I just finished a huge case yesterday, so I've nothing for you to do. What's the good news? [Chuckles] I thought you'd think that was the good news. [Laughs] Then, what's the bad news? I can't have you do nothing, so unless you want to scan old crime-scene photos into the database, we're going to have to make something up. [Cellphone chimes] Excuse me. Is this the list of all the agents in the field office? Yeah. All 25 of them. Will you introduce me? I'd like to be able to put a name on every face. Consider that my work for the day. Come on. So, um, you and Ryan go pretty far back, huh? Yeah, you could say that. You worked in Chicago together. I'll take it you're familiar. You could say that. [Chuckles] My advice... be careful. Around Liam? Ryan. After Chicago, I'm surprised he still has a badge. Okay, look, I-I know about Chicago, okay? And I don't? I can still feel it every morning. A .45 will do that to you. You got shot? [Sighs] Sounds like Booth and O'Connor may have left out some key details of the sting. Blown sting. Yeah, and he's the one that blew it. The guy left his post the same night that cell just happened to plan their attack. So, you think that Ryan turned his back on purpose? What did he tell you, that it wasn't his fault? That it was just an unlucky turn of events? When an agent tells you "coincidence," what he's really saying is "cover-up." Don't they still teach you that at the Academy? Looks like we're here. I'm sorry that I don't have any milk. I read this article about all the, uh, antibiotics and hormones that they give the cows. I'm fine. We just want to know what you saw, Mr. Walker. Well, there was a man, but I couldn't see his face. Why didn't you come forward last week? Well, I thought the man was probably an employee, most likely my replacement. Your replacement? Yes, I used to work at that P.O. till about a couple of years ago. I'm still friends with some of the guys. Why did you stop working at the post office? Did you lose your job, or... Okay, I think we had enough for today. When you've been doing this for as long as I have, you can tell the good guys from the bad pretty quick. [Chuckles nervously] [Clears throat] Sorry to bother you. Thank you. Have a nice day. Alex : I want to believe Drew, but I just can't believe that Ryan would be behind all of this. It makes no sense. I know. I get it. But Drew is right. I mean, from the first time you met him on the plane that day, Ryan lied to you. He hid his true self from you. He became pretty obsessed with you. He has a new position of power within the FBI. He was attached at the hip to you the last time. I'm sorry. Are you gonna stop me, or is any of this starting to make sense to you like it is to me? Shelby, he got shot for me... twice. And who exactly shot him the first time around? It wasn't Elias. That much we know. And if you're gonna shoot yourself... easiest place to do it. Maybe you're right. Maybe Drew is. All we have to do is get inside his computer and see what we find. You always said Drew was a straight-shooter. He never lied to you. Even if I wanted to, how could I get inside the New York Field Office? The Bureau has a warrant out for my arrest. Well, lucky for us, we have me. McGregor-Wyatt is already inside. Where's Alex? Where is she? Has anyone talked to Senator Haas? Because I bet she won't like her junkie son being traipsed throughout the New York Field Office just 24 hours prior to the presidential election. Public perception is not my concern, Caleb. Public safety is. Well, if that's what you're worried about, I'm pretty sure that computer's on fire. Then again, I have been hallucinating a lot lately. [Alarm blaring] What did you do? Well, I'd like to say that I Human Torch-ed an electrical fire, but I think even that is beyond my reach. [Blaring continues] Move! Alex : You made that look easy. Shelby : Used the McGregor-Wyatt security system to hack into the desktops, kill their fans, and run every single program in the system until the CPUs overheated. Don't worry. They'll blame China. Still, you need to act fast. Okay. How'd it go with Walker? Well, he used to work at that post office, but Kent wouldn't let me question him. He didn't pursue it at all? No, he ended the interview, and when I asked him about it, he just shut me down. [Scoffs] This guy needs to be pursued. There was something so off about him. You know, we should really be sitting on his house right now. And I finished my calls. I can head over there and try my luck. Would you just babysit him till you hear from me? And I'll try and go around Kent and see if I can get someone to the house. You sure you don't mind? I spent the last 20 minutes troubleshooting an 80-year-old's WiFi router, so, no, I don't mind. Yeah, and I'll look into Walker. Maybe we'll catch a criminal and a crooked agent in the same day. Yeah. We need to talk. About what? You dropping out of the Academy before graduation? You know, you can go full Furiosa on me later, but right now, the only thing that you need to focus on is making sure Shelby doesn't change her field office. And why should I believe you? First, you lie about Will, then Sistemics, now Shelby. Because the only reason... [Sighs] The only reason that her parents met up with her was to con her out of more money. You honestly expect me to believe that? I caught them myself. Then why didn't you tell her? Because w-with everything that Shelby's going through, she wouldn't survive it, so why don't you just channel your anger at me into helping Shelby? She'll listen to you. Just... [sighs] don't tell the truth. Raina : You look happy. Did you figure out who our contact is? Not yet. But I'm enjoying very much working with Agent Garnett. I still did my job. This is a list of all the agents in the office. I've crossed out 10 I know for sure weren't assigned to us. If he flirts, flirt back. [Sighs] Hey. I was wondering where you'd gone. [Sighs] One of the NATs wanted to know what I thought of my assignment. And what did you tell them? Can I tell you all about it on the rest of the tour? There are some agents I haven't met yet. Yeah, we could do that. Or we could get out of here and go grab some lunch. Well drinks are half-off over at the Tavern, unless you don't drink. Oh, I do. Just not on a working day. [Chuckles] Well, um... how about tonight? I haven't been to the Globe and Eagle in forever. Um, can I get back to you? Is that... Yeah, no, of course. No pressure. Come on, let's go find the rest of those agents. Just pretend you need me for something so I don't have to see Caleb the next two minutes. I didn't mean to give you a hard time this morning. I just wanted to make sure your parents were, you know, doing the right thing. They risked getting arrested to see me. And... they still are. They've been writing to me... under assumed names, of course. "We can't wait to see you again, but next month will be hard. How about Marrakech, when tourist season dies down? Until then, know that we are thinking of you. We love you. I'll write again this weekend." I'm sorry I doubted them for a second. 
 
 Scott Walker was investigated for possession of child pornography 10 years ago, but there were no charges made. So your instincts were right. I'll be back. 14 more names off the list. That's everyone in the office. Did you look hard, really look for their tells? How about you? You maybe missed some signs while flirting with Garnett. He asked me out... you out. He did? For when? There's no time for this. We have to find our contact. Yallah. I'm such an idiot. He's not interested in you at all. Yes, he is. He's our contact. He asked us out to have us pass the test. Go. You'll see I'm right. Did you tell a trainee that I intentionally left my post in Chicago? "A trainee"? It seems like you're on a first-name basis with her to me. Yeah, don't go there, Jordan. Don't go where? She was on a fact-checking mission, not me. I just told her the truth. And what truth is that, exactly? About Chicago. Now, why would a great agent, clearly a responsible man, a hero, just happen to leave his post an hour before his shift was up? I was investigated on that. I paid for my mistake. Why the hell are you still digging? Because I don't believe it was a mistake. I think you wanted that militia to carry out their plan. And if we hadn't raided that night, hundreds of people would have died. Yeah, and what possible reason would I have for wanting to hurt innocent people? Why would I want to destroy my own career? I don't know. Maybe Afghanistan broke you. Maybe you realized what a worthless war it was when you got back and you got to talking to one of those cell members one day and realized you were fighting on the wrong side. I... Let me tell you something. If you ever say something like that to me again, you're gonna have a whole new set of problems. Yeah. I love this country. Isn't that what they said when they attacked it? Make America great again? Agent Kent, I... Ryan : You better back up. What do you want? Um, I found this on Walker in 20 minutes, which means you probably know, too, so why did you drop it? Who says we did? Over the past few years, as ISPs clamp down on child pornographers, they've taken to using the postal system as a way to go undetected. They have inside men at local P.O.s like Walker who make sure the packages don't set off any alarm bells. We believe he was at the center of the ring until he lost his job. So, he broke into the post office to keep it going. That's why nothing was stolen. Yeah. I figured I'd see if he was on to us by taking the chance to interview him. Clearly, he has no idea. We're just waiting for him to make contact with the ring so we'll have evidence to bring them all down. I-I have to call Brandon. Why? I had him stake out Walker's house. I thought you were blowing this off. We've got to get him out of there right away. Come on. [Sighs] Ryan : First a bomb threat, then a forced evacuation. I've always known it was you. Put the gun down, Ryan. Yeah, I'll put it down when you tell me what the hell you're doing with my computer. I'm getting evidence. Evidence of what? I'll know when I see it. No, you won't, 'cause you're not moving an inch. Well, then, you're gonna have to shoot me 'cause I need to know. No, I need to know. I need to know who you're working with, why you're doing this. What happened to Natalie? You know exactly what happened to Natalie. The only thing I know is that you were the last one that saw her. Are you screwing with me right now? What's on the flash drive, Alex? Is Natalie dead? Did you kill her? I didn't kill Natalie, Ryan. Oh, my God. You didn't know. I don't know what? That means it's not you. What's not me? [Computer beeping] What the hell did you do? Give me your gun, Alex! Give me your gun. So, while re-alphabetizing every single file in here... just a riveting activity, sir... there was this. A witness interview on the Litvack case that was labelled with an incorrect date. If you hadn't have spotted this, the motion we're filing tomorrow might not have succeeded. Nice work. Where's your partner? Uh, in the bathroom. But she's the one that spotted it. I don't get you, Haas. You just gave credit to Shelby, who had nothing to do with whatever you just found, and yet you still want me to talk her out of reconnecting with her parents. It makes no sense. Her parents are con artists. I already told you that. No, they're not. You are. She just showed me letters from her parents apologizing over and over again for everything they've done, planning the next time they can see her. I wrote those. [Scoffs] You're lying. "Just know we'll be thinking about you. We love you. We'll write again this weekend." Does any of that sound familiar? Why would you do that? Because my future at the Bureau is set, which means the only thing that I need to worry about right now is Shelby, which is very convenient for me because I love her. And her parents don't, and Shelby deserves a hell of a lot better than that. So, I'm just asking you to help me protect her future. You know, you may make a decent agent one day... but you'll always be a jackass. [Cellphone rings] Man : 911. Where is your emergency? Uh, there's a fire at 961 Lincoln Road. Is there anyone inside? Uh... I don't know. Stay on the phone. [Cellphone chiming] If you're in a safe place, stay where you are. We are dispatching emergency personnel. Voicemail. Woman : Fire reported at 961 Lincoln Road. All units, please respond. Oh, my God. That's Walker's address. [Tires squealing] Mr. Walker. Mr. Walker. Hello? [Crackling] [Coughs] Ryan, stop! Stop, please! Everything that I've been doing is in service of this madman! He's been threatening everyone I care about, including you! Hannah was helping me, but after what happened with Claire... [voice breaking] she made me promise not to involve you. Please. Please, this is the truth. Ryan! [Gasping] You're not fooling me again. Aah! Ryan, please. There's still another bomb out there. Thousands of people will die if you don't let me go. Alex, please! You got to stop. You can't keep doing this. I'm sorry. What did I do? What did I do? [Gasps] [Vehicles approaching] [Tires screech] Man : Spread out! FBI! Walker : Stay back. Brandon. Nobody told you to come in here. Scott, listen to me... You don't want to hurt him. I never hurt anyone. I never touched anyone. I know. And we're gonna get you the help you need, but first you got to let him go. Look at me... I'm holstering my side arm, all right? Please, man. You don't have to hurt me. [Breathing heavily] Scott, listen to me, okay? We all know you're a good person. But the only way you can prove that is if you put the knife down. Please. [Glass crunches] [Gasps] Okay? Aah! Get down! Look out! Aah! Ryan : On the ground! Don't move! Get down! Do not move! Walker : [Sobbing] Ryan : You all right? Kent : Thanks. Get up. [Whimpers] Okay. Walk. You know I'm going to be apologizing forever, right? Just so you know. [Cellphone ringing] And that is my mom. [Sighs] I got to let her know that her baby boy is okay. Aww, baby boy. [Laughs] Hello? [Indistinct conversations] Hey, Ryan. Hey, you. You good? Yeah. You saved Kent's life today. Yeah, well, despite what you and he might think, there's nothing I wouldn't do to protect a fellow agent. I believe you. [Sighs] That's nice for a change. So, um... [Clears throat] What did happen that night? Well, I would have told you over dinner. I know. You can tell me now. I'd been sitting on a cell house all day when Liam called me. He knew at the time that things were pretty rough between me and Hannah, so he... told me to head home. He said he'd cover the rest of my shift, but he never showed up. He passed out in some bar somewhere. [Sighs] I never told anybody that until now. You just took the blame, huh? Liam's career was already hanging by a thread. If they had pinned that on him, it would have been over. He'd been good to me. Do you regret it... Sacrificing your career for his? I mean, you're stuck here at Quantico while Kent is on track to becoming Assistant Director. Yeah. [Sighs] I did for a while. And then I stopped. Why? I met you. [Chuckling] Hey. It's the end of the day. I'm ready for dinner. Amazing. Uh, let me just close down shop. [Door slams] Ah, you must be... Raina. When you introduced yourself earlier, I... I knew you had figured out it was me. Yes, I did. I was told you were exceptional trainees, but I'm glad I got to see it for myself. And I will let Agent Coombs know you both passed your test with flying colors. Thank you. Okay. You ready to go? [Laughs] [Chuckles] What? What's funny? I thought you actually asked me out on a date before my sister and I realized you were our contact. Your sister? [Cellphone chimes] I don't understand. That's who you've been texting all day. [Chuckles] So, that's why you only made eye contact half the time. You know, I heard a rumor Shaw was training twins. Training them badly, it turns out. You give up your cover that easy for a date? It's nothing. Please. You know, who is your handler, Amin? Coombs... Susan Coombs. Well, she doesn't like failure. And I don't like being made a fool of. I liked you, too. [Sighs] Let's go to the Globe and Eagle. [Receiver clicks] If by the end of the dinner you feel that you still want to call Coombs and tell her about my mistake, I'll handle the consequences. Iris : I had an idea... Seattle. It's close to the Canadian border, and you still get to work on some of the top high-profile cases. Iris, you can stop worrying about me. You're still sticking to Buffalo? No. I'm leaving. What? I thought that my parents died on 9/11. That's the whole reason that I came here in the first place. But seeing them alive... All that anger, all that desire, all that drive, it's gone. And then hearing what happened to Brandon today? That was a reminder of just how tough this job really is. You need a burning desire to want to do it. And right now, I don't have that. My family matters more. If I move to Europe, I can live in the same city as... You can't quit. I knew you were gonna say that. They lied to you. Yeah, they did, but they're not anymore. They only met up with you for one final cash infusion before disappearing for good. Caleb was too afraid to tell you. Caleb said that? Yeah, of course he did. Iris, I showed you the letters. He's the one who's been writing them. Ryan! What happened? Alex. She's still in the building. [Sighs] [Grunts] This is Assistant Director Shaw. Initiate lockdown. [Sighs] There's another bomb. We'll find her. Come on. Let's go. Man : She went down the stairs! [Cellphone rings] Male voice : Hello, Alex. Drew. What did you give me to put on Ryan's computer? What was on that flash drive? A manifesto implicating Ryan as the terrorist. It was you or him. You already planted the evidence. Now all you have to do is support the narrative. I am not gonna let you blame Ryan for this. Then it's just a matter of time for you. So, what, you're just gonna let me get caught here, right here, right now? No. We're almost done, but your story doesn't end there. There's a car waiting for you downstairs. Liam : How'd it go today? Well, I got to tell you... I'm not sure this is exactly where I want to be. I came here as a favor to you and to Miranda, and now it just feels like this is where I'm gonna end up being stuck. Well, then, you're gonna like what I have to tell you. I just got off the phone with Clayton, and I'm being let out of this penalty box, sent up. New York? Better. D.C.... Headquarters. Mm. I start in two weeks... Or should I say, "We do"? I told Clayton I want you with me. He agreed. You've paid for Chicago and then some. Yeah, speaking of Chicago... [Sighs] I saw Jordan Kent today in Richmond. He kept asking me why I left my post that night. What'd you tell him? That I screwed up. Still covering for me after all these years. [Chuckles] Even more reason you deserve this promotion. Well, that's the thing... I don't want to have to cover for you anymore. I want to be able to tell the truth about things. Well, you can starting now if you come with me. Can I think about it? Take all the time you need. All right. Thanks. Hey. [Door closes] Tell me all about it. It was just drinks. A lot of drinks. All that time was just drinks? I wish I had a more fun story to tell you, Raina. I'm sorry. [Sighs] He's a boring guy who only talks about himself. [Sighs] What's wrong? I don't feel well. I'll get you water. [Gin Wigmore's "Nothing to No One" plays] Shelby, I was trying to protect you. I... How is this protecting me? [Door closes] "We love you and miss you." You're our whole world. We can't wait to see you again." Why would you... Why would you write these lies? You were... You were so happy. And I haven't seen you that happy in so long, and I was the one making you happy. And I... I just got lost in it. I... I keep trying to believe in you. God, I just tried to believe the words coming out of your mouth, but none of it is real. You think lying to protect me makes you a man that I want to be with? No, a real man shows up, tells the truth, and stays strong no matter what comes next. I deserve the truth, and I deserve someone who believes in me enough to know that when faced with the truth, I will not break. [Sighs] [Door opens] Liam : You think you're all ready to take on the world, lead a manhunt, take down a terrorist cell, stop a crime syndicate, but as far as the Bureau's concerned, you're babies. And while you will be special agents when you graduate, in a way, you'll still be trainees with a whole lot of learning ahead. You're gonna have to make tough choices. It's not about your son, Mr. Haas. It's about my parents. They're alive. And I need you to help me bring them and their crimes to justice. And you're going to have to live with the results. ♪ I feel the gloss go quicker than the white snow ♪ 
♪ Back into the shadows ♪ Nimah, we got our assignment, and it's not Poughkeepsie. Coombs is sending us to the Islamic Front in Queens. Do you know a guy called Hamza Kouri? Liam : You'll have to carry the weight, the responsibility. Well, Shelby's never gonna talk to me again. ♪ I am nothing ♪ I was... [Sighs] I was never trying to hurt her. I know. Just... In time, you'll realize that these challenges made you stronger and that you're ready to face any danger wherever it comes from. [Cellphone vibrates] Man : [Speaking indistinctly] Drew : Wait. Hide yourself. All clear! [Shouts indistinctly] [Radio chatter] There's a Tacoma parked at the end of the lot. Move to it. Alex : That's Ryan's truck. Open the passenger door. [Bomb beeping] You had your chance, Alex. Get in. You have more instructions, and if you don't follow them to the letter, I'll kill Simon and set the nuke off right now. The keys are above the visor in front. Now all you have to do is drive. [Tires squeal] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 