Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x21 - Closure - Quantico 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x21 - Closure https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=446&t=27078 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/09/16 02:45 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x21 - Closure 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Quantico"... 
 Shelby, I was trying to protect you. I... 
 Why would you write these lies? Mr. Haas, it's about my parents. 
 And I need you to help me bring them and their crimes to justice. 
 Simon : I figured you might be missing home, so I got some orange flower water. 
 Liam : D.C. 
 I start in two weeks... Or should I say, "We do"? 
 Drew : There's a flash drive. 
 It'll decrypt Ryan's computer passwords. 
 What the hell did you do? 
 What was on that flash drive? 
 Drew : A manifesto implicating Ryan as the terrorist. 
 That's Ryan's truck. 
 You have more instructions, and if you don't follow them, I'll kill Simon and set the nuke off right now. 
 [Tires squeal] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Tires screeching, horn honks] 
 Stay on First Ave. Until you hit 51st Street. 
 How do you know where I'm headed? 
 The truck's GPS is wired to my tablet. 
 If you deviate from the course, the bomb is set to detonate, and I'm watching you. 
 Drew, just listen to me, okay? 
 Let's just talk. 
 You and me. 
 Unh-unh-unh. 
 I may not have graduated Quantico, but I know what you're trying to do. 
 First rule of a crisis situation... establish a connection. 
 Yeah, you always could read me. 
 You know, after you left, I thought maybe we could meet again and... 
 Reconnect? 
 Get dinner? 
 See if you could ruin my life again? 
 I know you're angry. 
 This is not gonna solve anything. 
 I'm sorry, but you made your choice. 
 Left on 51st. 
 Whatever your plan is, wherever you're taking me, you're not gonna be able to get away with it. 
 Ryan, Miranda, Nimah... Everyone saw everything. 
 The FBI's probably tracking me as we speak. 
 I'm counting on it. 
 I caught Alex uploading these files to my computer. 
 I tried to subdue her, but I... 
 These are schematics for a nuclear bomb. 
 Miranda. You need to see this. 
 What? 
 Alex said there was a nuclear bomb out there. 
 Miranda, look. 
 Ma'am. 
 CCTV footage of the parking garage just before Parrish escaped. 
 Okay, people. 
 I'm initiating WMD containment protocols. 
 Get me Director Haskins and Deputy Director O'Connor. 
 Now, please! 
 Frain, get on the horn with NYPD and alert them to possible citywide evac. 
 I need NSA, DOE, and FEMA. 
 Today is not the day a nuclear bomb goes off in New York City. 
 Amin, escort Agent Booth to holding, please. 
 What? 
 You're throwing me in there with Caleb? 
 I just got done telling you Alex is trying to frame me. 
 And the bomb is in your truck, and the plans are on your computer. 
 Until I know what the hell is going on, you are a person of interest in this investigation. 
 Amin, do it. 
 Liam : In one week, your training will be complete. 
 It may have taken almost 140 days, but we have broken you down and built you back up. 
 You've come a long way since you first got here. 
 I never gave this back to you. 
 Top of your class. 
 Your father would be proud. 
 Now, I'm not sure if that's a comfort. 
 Or a curse? [Chuckles] 
 I don't know, myself. 
 I know you and I had a rocky start. 
 I wasn't sure you had the right intentions of coming here, but you proved me wrong, and I would be honored to work with you in the field someday. 
 You all came here strangers, but you've forged a deeper trust and an inner strength. 
 Hey, you. 
 Hey. 
 O'Connor offered to take me with him to D.C. 
 [Scoffs] Can't break you two up, can you? 
 Well, it's a big promotion, and there are other benefits. 
 D.C.'s only three hours by train from New York, where you're going. 
 Great. 
 I hope you take it, then. 
 And you're going to need it, especially in the beginning. 
 [Gasps] Field office assignments... finally. 
 Held up pending my security clearance. 
 Of course. 
 Why did they even bother graduating me, anyway? 
 Shelby? 
 What'd you get... Tampa? 
 Hey. I got sunny San Diego. 
 What'd you get? 
 You're sick. 
 "I'm sorry we haven't been in touch, but circumstances beyond our control..." 
 I told you to stop, and I meant it. 
 One more of these, I will report you. 
 I didn't write this. 
 Those first few months, you may feel lost... unsure who you can trust... 
 Two days ago, a woman using one of your mother's aliases landed in Montreal. 
 Is it her? 
 I assume so, but we can't be sure. 
 Look, Shelby, I know you want to bring your parents to justice, but once you go down this path, there's no turning back. 
 Or the dangers you're about to face. 
 Good news... Intel says we have a window for infiltration into Kouri's cell, but we need to move now. 
 Now? 
 You have 24 hours to get your lives in order. 
 What about graduation? 
 Consider yourself graduated... unless you don't feel ready. 
 We'll be ready. 
 Liam : But, remember, there will always be light. 
 Wow. I feel for your pedicurist. 
 I don't. That was the old me. 
 The new me feels no pain and doesn't care. 
 What's going on with you? When did you go all Kylo Ren? 
 I'm sorry, but did you corner the market on dark and brooding? 
 [Imitates rim shot] Joke! 
 And that's my girl. 
 Okay, what happened? Is it Caleb? 
 Look, honestly, I don't want to talk about it, but as my friend, I want you to know, so if I tell you, you promise you won't ask a ton of questions? 
 Okay. 
 I was wrong about my parents. 
 They weren't interested in getting to know me. 
 They just wanted my money again. 
 What do you mean? 
 I thought when you met them, everything was fine. 
 And... And those letters? 
 Caleb was writing those, like some demented Cyrano. 
 Why would he... 
 You promised. 
 [Sighs] 
 You know this whole "we don't talk" thing? 
 Let's not do it again. 
 [Breathes deeply] 
 I'm here for you, okay? 
 Whatever you need. 
 Okay. 
 Every trainee dreams of leaving Quantico and being a hero one day. 
 But that's not always the case. 
 20 weeks ago, your first assignment revolved around stopping a terrorist attack before it happens, but what happens after a terrorist attack is just as important. 
 Each team will be assigned a terrorist attack to study. 
 Pan Am Flight 103, Omaha, Olympic Centennial Park. 
 9/11, the Boston Marathon, San Bernardino. 
 And you have the benefit of these agents' firsthand experiences to learn from. 
 And we have a mission to apprehend the suspects and bring them to justice because you don't get to bomb a marathon. 
 The morning it happened, I was at a diner in Lincoln, which is an hour from Omaha. 
 It's still tough to think about. 
 200 hundred lives were lost that day in an instant. 
 And [Sighs] felt like I did on my first day of training... scared and confused. 
 But only for a moment, because something kicks in when you realize you just saw a plane fly into a building. 
 Over the next few days, you will be working these cases from the inside out. 
 [Indistinct conversations] 
 I was wondering if I could work Omaha. 
 I mean, it's a case that changed my father forever, and it could help with the closure. 
 No agent can work a case they have a personal connection to. 
 I mean, you don't see Shelby working 9/11. 
 I, um... 
 I thought about what you said, and I'm ready to do whatever it takes to bring my parents to justice. 
 Okay, well, I think the first step would be to lure them out of hiding, if you can even do that. 
 Right. 
 Drew : Look out your window. 
 None of those people are innocent. 
 They're apathetic. 
 This country only takes action when there's a crisis, so I'm giving them one. 
 I need to talk to Claire now. 
 Photo op with the mistress of the VP candidate's late husband is not on the schedule. 
 I know that she is in there. 
 Look, the senator doesn't have time for you. 
 The election's less than 24 hours away. 
 If you don't let me speak to her right now, there's not gonna be an election. 
 Why did Natalie have to die? 
 To keep you in line, and it worked. 
 Threaten me all you want. 
 I'm not gonna help you kill these people. 
 It's already done. 
 You try anything, and that bomb blows. 
 And don't try rolling down a window or opening your door. 
 Everything's rigged. 
 Drew : I knew you were perfect for this. 
 I knew you'd do what you were told. 
 How hard can it be to find a blue Tacoma in this town? 
 Where are we with street closures? 
 I'm coordinating with NYPD. 
 What about DITU? 
 I want eyes on every ATM cam, every red-light cam... 
 Miranda. 
 Alex Parrish isn't any more a terrorist than you or me. 
 She's under the influence of one... Drew Perales. 
 Drew : You're getting closer. 
 Soon, all this will come to an end. 
 Alex : Please, Drew. You don't have to do this. 
 Release my son, Miranda. 
 He and Ms. Wyatt are the key to finding and stopping this before it's too late. 
 [Sighs] If we're going to release Caleb, we have to release Ryan and my sister. 
 We're gonna need all the help we can get. 
 Do it. Let me see that. 
 The Forensic Science Research and Training Center is the premier crime lab in the U.S. 
 It is its own division within the FBI, with over 500 scientific experts and agents working alongside one another. 
 Today, you will have unrestricted access to actual physical evidence from the terrorist events you've been assigned. 
 You've all been given key cards to evidence libraries for your cases, and yours alone. 
 Gather the evidence you need and get to work. 
 [R.E.M.'s "Discoverer" plays] 
 ♪ Hey, baby  
  This is not a challenge  
  It just means that I love you as much as I always said I did ♪ 
 [Cellphone vibrates] 
 ♪ I was wrong ♪ 
 Hello? 
 Please, Shelby, don't hang up. 
 Mom? 
 Did you get my letter? 
 I'm sorry I didn't call like I said I would. 
 I thought after what your friend said to us... 
 Where are you? 
 I'm far enough away to be safe, but close enough, I wish I was closer. 
 Listen, we just really need to talk. 
 I've made a horrible mistake. 
 Is there any way that you could come here? 
 Well, as much as I want to see you, it's just too much of a risk. 
 What if I can get you an immunity deal? 
 Would that change your mind? 
 I heard a rumor about a couple who got offered a deal by the 9/11 Commission, but it took years to get it. 
 But if... if I could. 
 Well, yes. Of course. 
 Yes, sweetheart. 
 Okay, stay by this number. I'll call you back. 
 ♪ Discover-r-r-r ♪ 
 So, you and Dad are working together again, huh? 
 Yeah, we'd like you to come by the house for dinner tonight so we can discuss what it means. 
 Uh, I think I'm gonna pass. 
 Watching you and Dad play the Underwoods all day is enough for me. 
 I wasn't asking. 
 And wear something nice. 
 We're gonna have our picture taken. 
 ♪ Well, I don't have to feel so wrong  
  I wake up dreaming saffron, turmeric, and brass  
  That just the slightest bit of finesse ♪ 
 Alex. 
 What's up? 
 I found something new I find interesting. 
 Jeff Michaels. 
 That was one of your dad's undercover aliases, right? 
 Yeah. And this is his handwriting. 
 How many books are there? 
 Dozens. 
 Every week that he was undercover in Omaha, he turned one of those in to his handler, Fred Baxter. 
 All undercover agents have to. 
 Thanks. 
 Interested in switching assignments for a bit? 
 Mm-hmm. 
 ♪ Discover-r-r-r ♪ 
 An undercover assignment your first day out. 
 You must be excited, Raina. 
 Or not. 
 What are we walking into, and... and for how long? 
 I've read Kouri's file. 
 Will we even survive it? 
 I don't know how to say goodbye to my life, and I'm terrified. 
 Well, it's normal to be nervous, all right? 
 Just know that the Bureau isn't gonna put you anywhere if they didn't feel you could handle it. 
 Have you talked to Nimah about how you're feeling? 
 No, Nimah is fearless. 
 Or at least she needs to tell herself she is. 
 I can't talk to her about any of this. 
 She won't understand. 
 Well, look... let me tell you something that my first handler told me. 
 Find an emotional anchor... the person in everyone's life that keeps them grounded, that keeps them sane. 
 If that's not Nimah, you need to find that person. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 What is up with you two? 
 You were a lot more fun before your "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" act morphed into "By the Sea." 
 She is not my problem anymore. 
 Is that why you're secretly hacking into her parents' bank statements? 
 What do you want? 
 Shelby just stole the Department of Justice file my team was working with. 
 What was in them? 
 Statutes, transcripts, redacted immunity agreements. 
 She's gonna get caught. 
 Look, I know I'm not supposed to work a case a family member's worked on, but my friend, she wanted me to see my father's logbooks, and I can see here that you were his handler during Omaha. 
 Yeah, I was. 
 And slogging through logbooks... That's gonna take you weeks. 
 You know, all the information's already culled. 
 Right, but it says that there should be 84 logs, one for every week, but there are only 83 in the system. 
 Maybe he couldn't report in one week. 
 You know, I can't remember. 
 That's what I thought, but if you look, there's a book 78, and there's a book 76, but there's no 77. 
 Perhaps it's mislabeled. 
 I wouldn't worry about it. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 [Beep] 
 ♪ ♪ 
 All right. 
 Skycam has eyes on 11 blue Tacomas moving through Manhattan, Brooklyn, and Queens, but none of the plates match Agent Booth's. 
 The terrorist replaced them. 
 We're running a check on the others now, but here's the thing... When we approach the truck, we have to make sure it's the right one, because if it's not, Perales could find out and it could push him over the edge. 
 I agree. We have to keep this operation quiet. 
 If anyone finds out about this, there will be so much chaos, we'll never stand a chance. 
 People will panic, and people will get hurt. 
 I'm glad you're here. 
 Man : through Manhattan, and we've just received word... 
 Miranda. Look. 
 That video has leaked of Alex Parrish, seen here, in the garage of the FBI's New York field office with what appears to be a bomb of some kind. 
 We'll keep you updated on the nature of the bomb, as well... Drew : Alex, you look scared. Don't be. Drew, listen to me. Is this how you want to be remembered? A terrorist? A traitor? Nothing you say can change my mind. Welcome to the end. Do you think the President should use his emergency powers to suspend the election? I can't speak for the President. I can only speak for myself, which is why, as of this moment,  I am suspending my campaign so that I may fully assist the FBI. Miranda. I think I know a way to find Drew. Okay. What is it? All this time, Alex has been trying to ping a cellphone, but what if the voice was using a land line? There are too many carriers in the city. It'll take too much time. Unless we can narrow down the field. This guy, he's skilled when it comes to subterfuge. We need to listen to what's between his words. Well, we could use DITU to search for activity that matches the sounds we hear and then use that to narrow down on Drew's location, but there's just one little problem... We're not exactly in the FBI. You are today. Track down every lead. Don't screw this up. Seriously? Caleb is two days into withdrawals and jonesing. And we're gonna ignore the charges against her for the moment. Raina hasn't been in the Bureau for months. Why don't you let me conduct my operation? Wait, Miranda. You're leaving? I have a secure briefing upstairs. You can hold down the fort for 10 minutes, right? Yeah. What's wrong? That's odd. Miranda said she was headed upstairs for a briefing. Agent Baxter. You lied. Alex, please. Look, you have the missing logbook, don't you? I joined the FBI to find out the truth about my father, and I realized, over the course of the last year, that I'll probably never know. So you don't have to tell me why you lied. That's your right. But I still think I deserve to know. Please. Not here. Your father and Agent O'Connor went undercover with that militia, hoping to catch them in the act. Right. Sometimes things don't work out that way. Sometimes the bad guys need a nudge... a push to do the thing that you want to catch them doing. You might even supply them with blueprints to the building so they know where to park the trucks with the bombs. Sometimes agents keep their mouth shut when they're told to. Someday, you'll do the same thing, and if you ever cross that line, you better hope that you bust them before they actually push that button. I-I'm sorry. A-Are you saying that... No, I'm not. And no one ever will. That's why I burned that logbook. A tragedy happened. Americans died... servicemen and women... their children in that daycare. We moved on. I hope you do, too. [Indistinct conversations] Hey. Hey, did you give Shelby your 9/11 access card? Yeah. Why? She used it to steal a witness immunity agreement from the files. And we're sure that it has something to do with her parents. Our friend Spy-ris here overheard her talking on the phone with her mom. Yeah, but an old witness immunity agreement's useless. Unless she's using it to set them up, get them here before calling the feds on them. That's entrapment. If EAD finds out, it's over for Shelby. What if she's willing to tank her entire career just to try and get them arrested? Listen, I know that you guys are friends, but, I mean, even you have to admit, she's not the same person she was before all this. She's changed. Hey. Thank you for helping me with this. I'm helping Shelby. I may have momentarily felt bad for you last week, but I still think you're a dark prince unable to do any good. Dark prince? ♪ A little closer ♪ I'm sorry I called you. I'm glad you did. Everything is going so fast. I-I can't even remember why I said yes to coming to Quantico. A-And now... I'll be losing my entire life. You said "yes" because it's what Nimah wanted and you love your sister. It can't be reason enough. You... You don't realize it while you're there, but the Bureau is a business. And there are other ways to do good in the world. [Sighs] Like what? The company I work for... They gave $10 million to charitable causes last year in Africa, the Middle East. You should come work for us. [Laughs] No, I'm serious. It's... You'd make a great living, and you would be contributing in a meaningful way. I can't just walk away that close to the end. Quantico might be ending, but you are about to start something else. Are you ready for that? ♪ I owe the state   And I don't think that I can wait ♪ No, I... No. I got this. I should be treating you. What, are you kidding me? [Laughs] What? You got a tea. All right? You're the cheapest date ever. Cheap? What does that mean? [Sighs] That came out wrong. ♪ ...where a boy can be free   But I got time   I owe the state   And I don't think that I can wait ♪ Did you really just use my access card to steal and forge witness immunity agreements? Yes. I did. Shelby, what is wrong with you? If somebody found out, your career could be over. Don't worry. I'm protected. What... What does that mean, you're "protected"? This doesn't concern you, Alex. You used my access card, Shelby, so now it concerns me. I get that you want your parents to pay for what they did, but breaking the law is not the way to do it. I am bringing to justice two people who have defrauded the American government for 15 years. That is what I was trained for. You're literally forging the document right in front of me. You realize that it's my duty to report this, right? Sometimes the world is gray, Alex. Yeah. I learn that more and more every day, including today, but there's a big difference between vengeance and justice. Yes, and sometimes there is both. Now get out of my room and stay out of my way. [Sighs] Okay, after sifting through all the BG noise, I zeroed in on an area on 49th in between 9th and 10th. Then I ran a search for all Drew's known associates living in that area, and I found a rental under the name Alicia Landon. Drew's fiancée who was killed. With me. Caleb, forward me the address. Hey. You may have saved millions of lives. If they get to Drew in time. Thank you for the veil. [Tires squealing] Drew's voice : I've finally found it, Alex. Do you know what that feels like? I wish you could. I wish things could have turned out differently for you and me... for us. Is that my voice? Drew? What happened? Were we drugged? Where are we? I don't know. I only did what the voice told me to do. Yeah, me too. What have I done? Well, we're gonna need to rain-check our feelings, 'cause we got to get out of here. That's a trip wire. If that door opens, everything blows. [Grunts] We're not supposed to be seen... In public together? What does it matter if you're walking away? How did you find me? I asked Coombs to show me how to use the Cellphone Trace Protocol program in case you were ever late for a swap. You didn't tell her where I am, did you? I didn't. Do you care? You're backing out, aren't you? You read Kouri's file. He's a monster. He incites murder and destruction, and we're supposed to live with him for who knows how long? Echo his beliefs? Recruit for him? Pray with him? You can leave with Simon. Go ahead. I won't stop you. I can't. I can't go anywhere because I'm tied to you. Tomorrow, you would be. But today, not yet. I've been pushing you all year to do this, thinking you'd come around, and during this time, I've learned things, Raina. This life is hard. There are compromises, hard choices, people who want from us more than we want to give them. Trust me, I've made those choices. You can't do this for me. Only for you. I can find another way, and I'll support whatever decision you make. Okay? I need advice. What's up? You okay? So many stories here end the same exact way. Someone buries the truth, a line is crossed, everyone gets hurt, and no one knows why. My father in Omaha, Liam and the guns that killed Drew's fiancée. Me in Chicago. [Sighs] Look, I think Shelby's about to make the same kind of mistake, and I... Liam : Alex. We need to talk. O'Connor, what's going on? Why did I get an e-mail from one of your classmates accusing you of taking evidence from the Omaha case file? Wait. Was this classmate Shelby? 'Cause that's exactly what I came to speak to Ryan about. She stole an immunity agreement from my 9/11 case. Before you recriminate against Wyatt, you need... Liam, listen to me! Shelby's about to cross a line. She's gonna make a mistake that she'll regret for the rest of her life, and I know... I know you know how that feels. [Sighs] Please. Laura : Caleb, what are you doing here? I've got about 5 million different reasons to ask you the same thing. Well, did Shelby send you? Where is she? We had a deal. You were supposed to take the money and stay away, but for some reason... God knows why... you can't. You need to leave. Shelby's on her way here, and I promised myself I would tell her everything and we'd finally get this all sorted out. You're not gonna get a chance to do that because that whole immunity deal, That's just a trap to get you onto American soil so you can be prosecuted for... I don't know... a dozen different federal laws that you've broken. You're lying. Where are the other agents, the sirens, the handcuffs? They're coming. Trust me. And why would you warn me? I know what you think of me. You deserve to go to jail. You deserve to pay for every single thing that you've done, but Shelby doesn't. I read the letter that you wrote her, that you would do anything to be in her life again. I just don't believe you. I meant what I wrote. We came for the money. We thought it would be easy. Shelby had been out of sight, out of mind for so long, but seeing her... It brought back all the emotions that I had buried. I regretted everything the second we left. Well, if that's true, take responsibility for what you've done. Turn yourself in. That's the only way you could have an honest relationship with Shelby. You got about seven minutes until HRT breaks down that door. Goodbye. I-I just... I just want to be in my daughter's life. Well, that's the thing about family... You don't get to choose when you want to be a part of it. [Door opens, closes] Liam : Don't do this, Shelby. Go out for dinner? Listen, it starts small. You cover your tracks, get lucky, and then the lies start getting easier. What are you talking about? Please, just... just let him finish. Don't tell me what to do. Listen, if you want to accuse me of something, then by all means. When we recruit sources, we pull them in with a sin, something they'll do anything to keep buried, but when you cross the line, you recruit yourself. Then you start doing worse and worse things to keep it all buried. And then, over time, the bodies under the floorboard... They eat away at whatever's left of your conscience. Liam : Sometimes it's better to let the bad guys get away with it than it is to be the one who gets away with it. Can I go now? Don't do this, Shelby. [Sirens wailing] Drew's voice : All you have to do is sit there and let what happens happen. I know you want to move. I know you want to run. But you don't want to kill all these people, do you? Just stay put. Don't open a door. Don't open a window. This will all be over soon. This last part is going to be... Aah! All right, I'll think of something. Just [Breathing heavily] Wait, wait! Aah! Just wait! ♪ ♪ Hurry! Break my thumb. What? You need to get to Alex before the FBI takes her out. Break it now so we can get out of here. I'm sorry about this. [Crack] [Screams] ♪ ♪ Take the fire escape! Go... now! Alex! Alex, can you hear me? It's Drew... the real Drew. You were talking to the voice. Simon's on his way over to you right now! Alex! [Static] [Ringing] Man : [Muffled] Agent Booth. Agent Booth, are you okay? [Coughing] Nod if you can hear me. Are you okay? [Normal voice] Are you okay? Man #2 : How you doing? You okay? [Groans] Yeah, I'm all right. What happened? It was a homemade explosive. Whoever was inside is probably already dead. [Sighs] [Groans] Man #3 : Come on! This way! Come on. You all right? I need to borrow this. [Helicopter blades whirring] [Cellphone rings] Drew? It's Ryan! Ryan! No, don't touch that. No, just please wait! Ryan, I'm so scared. I don't know what's happening. The line just went dead. It just... There was an explosion. I don't know if Drew's dead or alive, but I'm coming to you right now, all right? This street is closed, sir. Step back, sir. Simon : I need to speak to Alex Parrish. Simon! Simon! [Breathing heavily] [Vehicle door opens] [Sighs] She's not coming with me, is she? She's chosen our mission, Simon. She's chosen to fight a world that looks at every Muslim with fear, suspicion, or hate. She cares about you more than I wish she would. You're not ready for her. You never think I will be. Are you willing to choose between your heart and your faith? Because that's what you're asking of her. And whatever choice is made, both people will lose. You will say anything to get what you want. Do you see me holding her back? She's right there. You don't need her to redeem you, Simon. Forgive yourself. [Vehicle door opens, closes] Hey. We should go over the trainees' final exam one more time before... What happened in Omaha? Why are you asking me that? Omaha was your first case assignment out of the Academy, and you were in Chicago, too. So I'm just wondering, "What's under your floorboards?" You want to know the truth? Or what they told me to say? And who are "they"? You know who they are. They're the ones who talked to you after Chicago, told you how to handle it. You talked to me after Chicago. They are the ones who decide what secrets the American people can and can't know. And you either fall in line, or they zero you out. [Sighs] [Door closes] It was my first deep-cover op. Alex's father and I had infiltrated a right-wing militia group... the Nebraska Liberty Defense. Six months in, and it was mostly just talk on their part, so Michael and I were told to expedite things by giving them the blueprints to the federal building in Omaha that they had talked so much about. Ah, well, we were in over our heads. Before we knew what happened, it was too late. The guilt sent Michael down a spiral. And you? Well, I held on to the top of the bottle with one hand while he drowned at the bottom. You know, he wanted to come clean. He wanted to tell the truth about what had happened. But they wouldn't let him? I thought that Chicago was a mistake, but it was a pattern. You find the shortcuts, and other people pay the price. This isn't an exact science. I'm sorry. I can't follow you to D.C. I need to start my own career as far away from here as possible. No, no, no, no, no. Look. You're making a mistake. Maybe, but at least it'll be mine for a change. [Door closes] Shelby. Shelby, stop. For what? We need to talk about this. No. When I got to the hotel, she was gone, and I may never find her again. I know. You... You had no right, Alex. You and... and Caleb and Iris and Liam. These are people that care about you. We were trying to protect you. You... You broke the law. You shot your own father and lied to the police about it, and you're gonna tell me about what is right and wrong? Alex, what you had to live with, it almost killed you. You came here to get answers, and you got them. But what you just did... You took away my answers. You took away my agency. We just stopped you from making a mistake that you'd regret for the rest of your life. Do not tell me how I will be. You don't get to take away my emotions, too. You know, when we first met, we got so close. I thought, "Here... Here is my family. Here is who I was meant to know." I let you in on my life. I trusted you with everything. You want to talk about a mistake I will spend the rest of my life regretting? How about meeting you? [Door closes] Officer : Clear the area! [Indistinct shouting] Officer #2 : Come on, let's move out! What happened to you? I didn't... I-I thought you might have been... Listen, Alex... I need you to get out of the truck, okay? I can't. Drew said that the entire truck was rigged to the bomb. If I even move, it... No, no. That wasn't Drew. It was just a voice. It's just more theatrics. Just like all of this. The WMD team has swept the entire vehicle. There's nothing hardwired to the bomb. The bomb's not even activated. No, that's because it's a remote-detonating device. Look at the bomb. Look at it. There's no receiver. They never put it on. This bomb was never meant to go off. What if you're wrong? What if the voice is playing you again? What if... What if I open the door and the bomb goes off? Alex, they're not. Alex, stop. Alex, stop! No! Or it goes off somewhere else, like the ECC? I can't! Alex, listen to me! I have been where you are, in that hotel room with my hand on a trigger. And I would never let you make the same mistake I did. That was my mistake. No, Alex, it wasn't. I told you to let it go, and I'm not making that mistake again. I will not hurt all of these people. Alex, you are not gonna hurt anybody. You're not, okay? You can't. I promise you. You will not hurt anyone, but you have to unlock the door. No! Alex, listen to me! Just look at me. Why did you come and get me? Because you trust me, right? So just trust me now. Unlock the door, Alex. [Knock on door] Ryan : Hello? Yeah? You got a second? Yeah, sure. How'd it go with Shelby? [Scoffs] I'm sorry. You know, when I got here, I hadn't had many friends in my life. It looks like I'm leaving here the exact same way. You know, there's something they don't talk about at Quantico. For all the partnership and teamwork that they teach you here, they don't tell you that being an agent is... is actually pretty lonely. Wow. Uplifting. Mm, we're all alone out there. What if I don't want to be? I mean, it doesn't have to be the way it was. We don't have to be the kind of agents that cut corners to close cases or miss signs or put covering our asses over saving lives. You know, we... we both have two weeks before we start our new jobs. Why don't we take that time and run away together... you know, off the grid, completely off the map... and get to really know each other before we have to start working together and never get a chance to? I'm sorry. You came here to say something, and I completely steamrolled you. [Sighs] That can wait. Liam : Thank you for your reports. We save this lesson about the Bureau's darkest days for the final week in hopes that it will stay with you long after you leave... 'cause too often, these lessons are forgotten, especially in times of crisis. They get traded in for personal crusades... I was so close. Clayton : I know. I know, but cases like this don't get solved in a day. They take months, years. Yeah, well, I can't do it by myself. Okay, well, when you work in my office, we'll do it together. It'll be our project. Don't worry, Shelby. We'll get them. I promise. Sacrificed in favor of what comes easiest... Caleb : Hey, Dad, you coming? Hello. Hey. Oh, you changed your mind about dinner. I did. And the portrait? How come? Because we're family. Abandoned in the face of fear or greed or both. But if there's one lesson I can teach you, it's that each of you knows in your heart what is right... Kouri's recruitment plans have changed. It won't be tomorrow. Intel says next week. We'll be ready. Liam : what is fair, and what is just. Chang. You got your security clearance. Senator Haas signed it herself. No matter how surrounded you are by lies, don't let them in. Resist, because someday, you are going to be asked to follow an order you don't agree with, cut a corner for the greater good... and in that moment, you're going to have to decide who you want to be. It was all theater. We were just players. Even Drew. Between the threats to his family and trying to protect Alex, he had to do whatever the voice told him. If it was all theater, was the bomb even real? As real as it gets. But why? To spread fear and make a joke out of the FBI? Claire : The nightmare is over. Thanks to the brave and tireless work of the FBI, the nuclear device is securely in custody. I would also like to commend Special Agent Alex Parrish for her strength and heroism. She really was born for this. [Cellphone beeps, vibrates] [Cellphones beeping, chiming] It's the WMD team. The bomb is gone. Response team confirms... It's gone. The terrorist took it. But only high-ranking members of the Bureau would know where it was taken. In this office, that's Miranda. Where is Miranda? I need to know where Miranda Shaw is right now! ♪ ♪ [Gun cocks] I got suspicious when I saw the footage of Alex leaked from inside the FBI building. Only a few people could have accessed it. I should have known. Aah! [Breathing rapidly] Why? Why are you doing this? To make things right. ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 