Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x22 - Yes - Quantico 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x22 - Yes https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=446&t=27223 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/16/16 06:15 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x22 - Yes 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 My name is Alex Parrish. Protecting our country had always been my dream, but my life took a very drastic turn. 
 Simon : I am not responsible for Grand Central. 
 Somebody stole my plans, fixed the flaws, and used them for themselves. 
 You are not invisible. 
 The Voice : In the Senator's purse is an identical bottle. 
 You'll need to swap it out. 
 It's safe. You can let it go. 
 You told me it was gonna be okay. 
 And I had to live with that. 
 There's still another bomb. Thousands of people will die. 
 Bomb's missing. 
 Terrorists took it. 
 Where is Miranda? 
 I should have known. 
 They're blaming me for Chicago. 
 I'm gonna get fired. 
 [Sighs] 
 And I won't even collect my pension. 
 Well, it's a good thing you have a friend who can give you a job. 
 How do you feel about Quantico? 
 [Peter Gabriel's "Digging in the Dirt" plays] 
 This is my father. 
 ♪ Something in me ♪ 
 But I need to know the truth. 
 ♪ Dark and sticky ♪ 
 I killed a hero! 
 Come here. Come here. 
 ♪ All the time it's getting strong ♪ 
 Up and at 'em, people! 
 Mandatory gun test in 10 minutes! 
 ♪ With this feeling ♪ 
 [Pounding on door] 
 ♪ Can't go on like this too long ♪ 
♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
 I will never have friends. 
 I won't leave again. Don't worry. 
 Elias : That's what you are, Simon Asher... one big warning sign. Elias : They recruited me. I didn't grow up wanting this like you did. I'm s... I'm sorry. I... ♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ Shut your mouth ♪ 
♪ Know what you are ♪ [Camera shutter clicks] ♪ Don't turn around ♪ 
♪ This is for real ♪ [Beeps] He's at my bar, The Catacombs? In Georgetown? Yeah. ♪ ♪ Thank you. All : Happy New Year! [Sniffles] Hey. Come on. I'll take you back. Let me take your coat. Got something to drink? Sure. Full bar. [Phones chime] Liam : I don't want her knowing I found this apartment for her, Agent Goodwin, okay? My friend gets a sublet. Alex gets a deal. Everybody wins. ♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ I told you, I told you ♪ 
♪ I told you, I told you ♪ [Saw whirring] ♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ This time, you've gone too far ♪ 
♪ I told you, I told you ♪ 
♪ I told you, I told you ♪ 
♪ Don't talk back ♪ 
♪ Just drive the car ♪ The Voice : Elias Harper, you have many secrets. If you want me to keep them, do exactly what I say. ♪ Don't say nothing ♪ [Device beeping] ♪ Keep your hands on the wheel ♪ 
♪ Don't turn around ♪ 
♪ This is for real ♪ 
♪ ♪ [Gunshot] [Door closes] ♪ Digging in the dirt ♪ 
♪ To find the places we got hurt ♪ 
♪ Digging in the dirt ♪ 
♪ To find the places we got hurt ♪ 
♪ Digging in the dirt ♪ 
♪ To find the places we got hurt ♪ [Sirens wailing] ♪ Digging in the dirt ♪ 
♪ To find the places we got hurt ♪ [Helicopter whirring] ♪ Digging in the dirt ♪ 
♪ To find the places we got hurt ♪ Why are you doing this? To make things right. Why didn't you kill me? I thought you'd enjoy watching it all burn down to the ground with me. You ready? [Cold War Kids' "Miracle Mile" plays] You say you want to leave right after graduation tomorrow? Yeah. Why the rush? I don't see the point of sticking around. It's not like I have anyone to say goodbye to. That's not true. [Scoffs] You know what, it's fine if I didn't end up with any friends. I have you, and you'll just be a train ride away in D.C. And before that, two whole weeks together. Hmm. No assignments. No distractions. No intrigue. A hotel room. A beach. Mm. Us. Not until tomorrow, remember? [Groans] [Chuckles] [Camera shutter clicks] It's official. The entire Fletcher clan touches down at 09:00. What about your folks? Are they coming? Oh, yeah, they thought I'd be the first Haas to flame out. I made sure they'd both be here just so I could rub their noses in it, you know? ♪ Come up for air, come up for air ♪ Just got to get through today. [Camera shutter clicking] ♪ A miracle mile ♪ 
♪ Where does it lead to? ♪ 
♪ Come up for air, come up for air ♪ I don't understand how he landed at a big office like San Diego. Clayton : I know you think Caleb isn't ready. Ready? How many FBI agents have been recently De-programmed? I know, which is why you have my word he'll be confined to a desk for his career. He'll be in no position to do damage, I assure you. Thank you, Clayton. Photos for badges that no one will ever see. And we can't even both go to graduation. It's too public. I know. It's unfair. I wish Miranda would see you up there tomorrow. She hasn't returned my calls. I hope she's okay wherever she is. I hope so, too. Congratulations, and welcome to your last class ever. [Cheers and applause] You made it to week 20. So look around. You are the FBI's best and brightest... our great hope. But you are not agents yet... not until you finish one final assignment. And I hope you're ready for a long night at the Old Settler. [Laughter, cheers, applause] That's right. We rented the whole place out. So tonight it's just you, Academy faculty, and some trusted friends, so you get to cut loose one last time before the real work begins. Don't forget to turn in your red handles on your way out, and do not expect your Bureau firearms until tomorrow. Yeah, you know, when you're sober. They should just let him keep his. It's the closest thing to a real gun he'll ever have. Nobody keeps a Baby Haas in the corner. Well, I told you what Clayton said. I don't care what he said. A Haas is still a Haas... always short of a murderous rampage or blowing up a building. I don't see how you keep him down. Hey. I just want to say congratulations. Oh. Um, yeah, thanks. I won't be far. I know we're both disappointed with Ryan's decision, but at least you'll have one friend on the East Coast. Wait, what decision? Oh, I'm sorry. I thought he would have told you by now. Ryan turned me down. He took an assignment in Texas instead. Wow. I guess you never really know people, huh? [Keypad beeps] Hey. What's happening? We think that it might be Miranda. What? Shelby : We're looking at every request for classified material she made in the past week. It's generated a few leads, but nothing has panned out. Hopefully Ryan's team will find her. I just can't believe it... Miranda of all people. Simon : I've been going through Miranda's correspondence... e-mails, texts. Grand Central was based on your plans. You partially built the bomb we're looking for. Don't you think you've helped enough? Nimah. We need him. He's the only one who knows about this technology. And he knows Miranda. Fine. Let him help... out there. Simon. I'm sorry. Thank God you're here. I jumped on a plane the second I heard about you and that bomb. All right, I want everyone's attention, please! Locating Miranda Shaw is now our top priority. We have to find her and stop her before that bomb goes off, wherever it is. And we will not fail. Her entire career, the FBI held her down, passed her over for promotion after promotion just because she was a woman. They killed her son and then turned their backs on her. What were those bombs, then? Revenge? Why let me go? The first bomb took out agents in town working the convention. And then your manhunt drew even more in. And then once you were caught, Miranda knew the bigwigs would come in town for your arraignment, which they did. If she wanted to draw as much FBI blood as possible, it worked. It just doesn't make any sense. I mean, why? To cut the head off the beast and grow a new FBI in her image. I know this is hard on you. It's hard on me. She's my friend, too. But we have to find her and take her out before it's too late. You with me? Yeah. Of course I'm with you. ♪ I danced in the desert in the pouring rain ♪ 
♪ Drank with the devil and forgot my name ♪ 
♪ Woke with somebody when the morning came ♪ You know, the FBI has a saying... "Family comes first." I wish someone had told me it is a total lie. [Laughs] I wish someone had told me that graduation is your last day of freedom. ♪ And that I found me a lover who could play the bass ♪ Hey. Hey, you. Déjà vu much? You have no idea. ♪ Doin' things we know we shouldn't do ♪ So, what's the first thing you're gonna do when you get to D.C.? Hey, can I get two more, please? Thank you. ♪ Wraps his arms around me ♪ Hey, um, my name's Shelby Wyatt. I'm a classmate of Caleb Haas. He's going to be at your field office. Woman : Yes, Ms. Wyatt. We're looking forward to having Caleb. Good, uh, that's actually why I was calling. I wanted to send a gift, and I was just wondering is there a floor or a cubicle number? Yeah, 13-J. Great view of the water. On the corner, in fact. He has a corner office? Only the best for Claire and Clayton's kid, right? If you want, I can transfer you to the woman who will be his assistant. [Screen beeps] No. Oh... [Joe Cocker's "You Are So Beautiful" plays] [Indistinct chatter] You have got to be kidding me. Hey, it wasn't me, I swear. ♪ You are so beautiful ♪ They should just do it and get it over with. Worked for us. ♪ To me ♪ Come on. ♪ You are so beautiful ♪ Any regrets? Oh, as many as anyone. But everyone doesn't have someone they can share it with, you know, and be completely honest with. Remember the first time we danced like this? ♪ Can't you see? ♪ There was still so much about you that I didn't know. Well, you weren't exactly an open book, yourself. [Chuckling] Yeah, okay. Well, look at us now. You know me. And I know you. I know everything. I thought we had to wait until tomorrow. ♪ You are so beautiful ♪ It's after midnight. You're really getting good at this, Ryan. ♪ To me ♪ I was gonna tell you. Yeah, but not until you had to, right? ♪ You are so beautiful ♪ Claire : Shelby, you're leaving? It's your last night. Savor it. [Chuckles] Thank you, Senator Haas. Claire. For you, always Claire. I know things, uh, didn't work out with you and Caleb, but I hope that we can still be friends. I see a lot of myself in you. Thank you, Senator. I'd like that. You know, you once told me that women get judged more harshly than men, so I don't want what Caleb's been up to to get out and blindside you. What's Caleb been up to? I thought you went out. What are you eating? [Muffled] Bacon, tomato, lettuce sandwich. Don't judge. I don't. I-I didn't know you liked bacon. I don't. I just hate the fact that starting tomorrow, I won't be allowed to have it. I needed one last taste of my life. It didn't hit me until tonight... When we're in the cell, we won't see each other. When you're in, I'll be out, and vice versa. We're gonna be pretending to be someone else half the time, and the other half, we're gonna be isolated and alone. I won't be able to talk to you for a year or more. Who knows? That's assuming we both... I came back because I wanted to spend time with you. Hmm? We have the whole night. Let's make it count. [Chuckles] [Wrabel's "Sideways" plays] We can't be back here again. You're the one who's always bringing us back here. I thought the lying was over, but you just can't help yourself. I wanted to tell you after graduation. I wanted tomorrow to be about you, not about us. Oh, so it could be about us after it was over? I'd get off that stage the happiest I've ever been in my whole life only to find out everything that I've looked forward to was off the table, that the man I finally wanted to be with wanted to move halfway across the country. Well, that's... that's just geography. That's a lot of work, Ryan. That's why we have this trip so we can figure out if it's worth it or not. "Figure out if this is worth it"? Oh, wait, come... You know exactly what I mean. If we think we can make... Do not backtrack now! I'm not backtracking! All right? I'm trying to find a foothold because you keep overreacting. You keep making rules. You tell me to walk away. You tell me to come back, and I do it. I do it every single time... because I love you. And this time... This one time that I want to do something for me, and suddenly, it just means that I've done something terrible to you. Do you honestly think that I'm wrong for wanting to spend the next two weeks together before I decide to put my entire career aside and follow you? Hmm? ♪ Something's on our side ♪ Sometimes I really wonder how much we mean to each other. Well, there's still time to find out. ♪ Not going up ♪ I don't think either of us would trust it. ♪ Not going down sideways ♪ 
♪ Sideways ♪ Why don't we just skip to the end? We've done this so many times, we know it by heart. Hmm? ♪ Not going up ♪ 
♪ Not going down ♪ Yeah. Yeah, no, I think you're right. ♪ Sideways ♪ 
♪ Sideways ♪ Still no sign of her on CCTV. No luck pinging her phone, either. It only works if her phone is on. Even if it's for a second, we could find her. [Muffled groaning] [Grunting] [Breathing heavily] All right, let's just keep trying in case. Hey, any luck? She's not at her apartment, but I found something else... a camera. Somebody was watching her, but that doesn't make any sense because why would she run surveillance on herself? She wouldn't. It's got to be another play or... or a distraction. Okay, even if that's true, where is she? And where's the nuke? [Whimpering] [Breathing heavily] [Door opens] Liam : No! [Screams] No! No! [Screaming] Shh! Be quiet! No! [Screaming stops] [Breathing heavily] [Car alarm chirps] O'Connor? What are you doing down here? Uh, I'm just... I'm just getting my bag. I'll be right up. Liam... why don't you turn around and look at me? [Sighs] I'm sorry, Ryan [Chuckles] um, but, you made me do this. Woman : The president has specifically commended the FBI for, "the strength it has shown in averting a national crisis." That one. Senator Haas had this to say when asked for comment. Claire : Special Agent Alex Parrish is the real hero. I was simply doing my job. Woman : Is that a message to voters? I'm not gonna politicize today's events. Alex, you got a sec? Yeah. ♪ ♪ Okay, we've been going over Miranda's timeline, all right? Her entire week. It doesn't match the Voice at all. When did the Voice first contact you? Where were you? My apartment. Um, the night I testified for the commission. That was, uh... That was around 11:00 p.m., right? Yeah. She was on a commercial flight to Lyon. She had a meeting with Interpol. The software that the terrorist uses to disguise their voice, it's not just some app on a phone. Plus, Air France doesn't have transatlantic Wi-Fi. There is no way she could have made that call. The first time I got a voice call, Miranda's schedule said she was with three other agents and a U.S. attorney prepping for trial testimony. One of the agents confirmed it. You guys, what if she really is being spied on? Ryan called me 10 minutes ago and said he found a surveillance camera in her apartment. Now, why would she have that if she was the one who was responsible for this? [Sighs] Frank, was Ryan with you? Yeah, he was right behind us in the parking lot. He's not up here? [Sighs] Nimah, can you access the CCTV footage in the garage? Come on, Ryan. Pick up. [Telephone rings] [Indistinct chatter] [Door closes] Alex, this is the feed from the garage. That's Ryan's parking spot 10 minutes ago. Wait. Where's Liam? Alex! [Say Hi's "When I Think About You" plays] [Sighs] Glad to get rid of that. I hear you. You think they really need these? Get over it. The rest of us did. ♪ My tongue gets tied and it turns to jelly ♪ 
♪ My hair stands up like I've been electrified ♪ Steph Curry for the three! Did I hear you two singing nursery rhymes at 4:00 in the morning? As an agent of the law, I'm required to be truthful at all times, and I would like to tell you something, Brandon. I won't miss you at all. I'm not gonna miss you or you. [Clothes thud] How much did I drink? You asked me not to count. A lot. What's this? It came in the mail for us. "I may not be at graduation, but I will always be there for you if you need me. Miranda." ♪ When I think about you ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪ 
♪ When I think about you ♪ 
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la ♪ 
 
 So, what's this? Round 16? Actually, I came by to give you a graduation gift. Oh, yeah? Cyanide? Strychnine? "Hamilton" tickets? Your parents aren't coming, not after I filled your mom in on some of your poor choices. Guess she wanted to keep her distance. I-It is election year, after all. Why would you do that? Because I know how much it meant to you, just like you knew how much getting my parents meant to me. Oh, and I have it on pretty good authority that your office in San Diego is between the copier and the janitor's closet. So you might want to rethink all that SPF. Okay. Well, let's not act like you're Little Miss Perfect because you're the one that writes people off the second they disappoint you. Oh, no, no. I'm not writing you off. I'm forgetting you ever existed, which is convenient, since that's what the FBI will be doing, too. [Whispers indistinctly] Yeah. Hey. You good? Yeah, I just can't believe all this is over. Yeah, me, too. I start at the D.C. field office tomorrow. Oh, so it's like your graduation, too. [Chuckles] Well, I better get up there, or nobody's going anywhere. And here I thought you didn't want me to make it to this day. I didn't. But I'm glad you did. I have plans for you, Alex Parrish. ♪ ♪ [Door opens] Dad, is that you? Who are...? Hi. Wait, you're... I'm Alex Parrish. I'm from the FBI. Yeah, no, I know who you are. You're everywhere. Plus my dad talks about you a lot. Um, oh, I'm Louisa, his... Daughter. Yes, I know. He talks about you, too, but I-I thought you were... What? Nothing. What are you doing here? Uh, my dad's still in D.C., isn't he? He told me my boyfriend and I could stay here this week. I thought he was in New York today. No. No, I just spoke to him like an hour ago. [Scoffs] I must have been mistaken. Um, good to see you. Yeah, yeah. See you around. It's Liam. It's always been Liam. Remember he said, "Information only counts if you trust the source it came from"? He's been playing us this whole time, steering us in whatever direction he wanted. I think he's headed to D.C. Headquarters? No. I think he's going back to Quantico. Alex : Liam wanted Louisa in New York to keep her out of harm's way. He even called her to check and make sure she was there. If what Liam said to me about Miranda was really his confession, he wants to do something symbolic, something that stops the FBI from moving forward. Just killing the director is not gonna do that. But the new generation of NATs on their graduation day and all the other NATs that are here... Caleb can get us into the surveillance system. Yeah. Okay, good. Simon, where would you put a bomb? Dorms. It's the highest point. Most damage due to fallout. Like you said, the ceremony sends a message. Okay, so you two go to the ceremony. We'll take the dorms. Stay out of sight. If Liam sees people evacuating, he'll know his jig's up, and then... It's global thermonuclear war. What about Miranda and Ryan? We find the nuke, we find them. Let's go. Alex. Yeah? "Stay out of sight"? This is my fault. I got to fix this. And we will, Simon. Together. Come on. [Melancholy classical music plays] Liam : You may have wondered why this course was so long, make you leave your lives, fly you here, away from the real world for six long months. While the real world, the one you used to know... It evaporates the moment we hand you your badge and gun. And I know some of you may think that it's your gun that gives you your power. But it's your badge that will truly change you. Another graduation day. Every four weeks. 300 to 400 new agents a year. [Choir singing in foreign language] 'Cause that badge is a promise. It's a promise that you will never again walk through this world as a regular citizen, a promise to protect those around you at all costs, and a promise to be responsible to this country above yourself. Woman : You are joining an elite group of American heroes... people who have stock. Liam : You can't let the badge down. You can't give your fellow agents a bad name by forgetting your promise. You'll make mistakes. You'll follow leads that take you to terrible places. You'll live apart from the rest of the world, but that doesn't mean that you can stop caring about it. Care more. Be better. Live up to the badge. Don't live through it. And, bingo. We are in. [Computer beeps] What, the end of the world makes you happy? No, I just like watching you work. You aren't infallible. None of you are. But you are better than the day you walked in here, and I hope that this country is thankful for that. Because I know I am. Thank you. [Applause] Woman : You may feel alone. [Sighs] But everyone... Even if we told the field counselors and even if they believed us, we'll never be able to evacuate in time. I could have said no. I could have let him kill me, but I built it. Saved myself, just like I always do. Simon. Save them now, and it'll be okay. Okay? No one agent... ♪ ♪ Caleb, any sign of Liam? No, not yet. If he's out there, he knows where to hide. Ryan : [Muffled] Hey! Over here! Alex! Over here! Over here! Over here! Come on. [Grunts] She has a pulse. Where is he? I don't know. He left us two, three minutes ago. Alex. Alex. He has the bomb. Caleb, you got that? All right, I'll rally the troops. She needs help. Find him. Miranda. We split up, okay? If you do anything stupid... Let's save the world, and you can lecture me later, okay? Alex. I need eyes on the sixth floor, east stairway. Copy that. Approaching from the west. ♪ ♪ Liam. I know you're in here. Liam : Even if you find the nuke, you can't disarm it in time. It's your fault, Alex. You were supposed to get caught with it in Ryan's truck. I didn't want to be here, but here we are. When you were telling me why Miranda did it, you weren't talking about her, were you? You were talking about yourself. I'm not ashamed of what I've done. You're not ashamed of killing hundreds of innocent people? They died to save millions, to kill the cancer that is the FBI before it takes the country with it. Are you really proud to wear that badge? Of course I'm proud. You're proud of the organization that tried to blackmail Martin Luther King into killing himself, put the Japanese in internment camps, botched Waco, instigated Omaha, let flawed DNA put innocent people behind bars? You're proud of that? You want to defend that? Alex, you were so busy at Quantico trying to get redemption for killing your father that you never saw me making you into a scapegoat. And you make a great scapegoat, Alex, because you believe in this country even after it thought you were a terrorist. You still love America, and you think it loves you back, but it doesn't. Never did. And now you won't be there to see it burn. [Gun clacks] Liam. Take the shot, Alex. I'll be fine. He's right, Alex. It's your only move. You'll still never find the nuke in time. Where's the bomb, Liam? This has to feel familiar. Your gun trained on a man that you think is bad, but you just can't be sure. And you're scared. Maybe it's because you know you were wrong back then. What are you talking about? Your father was a good man, Alex. I know you were never sure, but he was. After Omaha, he wanted to come clean so badly. So did I, but Clayton pressured us not to, just like his superiors pressured him. Can you imagine what it was like for me? I was brand-new, just out of this place, and that's the first thing that I see... corruption, cowardice, callousness towards the loss of life! I did what I was told, and that's what my career became. Instead of bringing people to justice, I covered up their mistakes and my own and kept getting promoted for it? You didn't just cover things up. You framed people. You killed people! I had no choice! Okay! Calm down, Liam. You have to admit... it was kind of poetic, Alex, making you the fall guy. You never paid a price for killing your father, but here was your chance... penance for your sin, bringing about the change Michael himself would have wanted. He would have never wanted this. I wanted to get you kicked out. That way I could say that you turned vengeful, disgruntled, but you just wouldn't quit. And, Ryan, it wouldn't have ended like this for you if you had just come with me to D.C. We could have rebuilt this together. But you chose her instead, just like she chose you when I gave her one last chance to frame you. So what's it gonna be, Alex? Huh? Him or me? Once again. The way it's been, or the way it could be 'cause I'm thinking, for once, it's you! The bomb's not here. Then where is it? ♪ ♪ [Clock beeping] So the Marines are scrambling a WMD team, but they're about eight minutes out. I don't think we can evacuate. 5,000 people between here and the Marine base in four minutes? If we're lucky, we get them from the instant death zone to the die-a-slow-death zone. No one is gonna die. Is there any way you can fix that? Not without triggering the fail-safe. Well, way to go, Dr. Strangelove. You built a bomb that can't be stopped. Okay, okay, just let him think. Let him think. Okay, I can't stop the plutonium trigger, but I can remove the uranium core. Fewer casualties. Maybe none, but either way, we got to get this nuke as far away as possible in case I fail. No, he's right. There's thousands of people on this base. It's our only option. Okay, we could... we could drive it out to the small arms range. That's not far enough. Well, can't the Marines send a helicopter? In two minutes? No. They can't... We're running out of time! Simon is gonna have to... Simon. No! No! Simon! [Tires squeal] [Clock beeping] [Cellphone vibrating] You knew you couldn't remove the fuel core, didn't you? It's got to go off underwater. At least 100 feet. The Suburban will sink fast, so no fallout, minimal damage, nobody gets hurt. [Voice breaking] Except you. I won't feel a thing. [Breathes shakily] Guess I earned that medal now. [Chuckles] You never needed to, Simon. Guess I thought valor would feel a lot less scary. [Chuckles] Just don't hang up, okay? No, no. Never. We're all here with you. Simon? Raina? Hey. I-I always knew you would save us. Kept thinking about all the things I didn't do in my life... a life where I hurt more people than I helped. But I can only think of one thing. I didn't spend more time with you. You want to grab a tea sometime? Yes. I would love to. Thank you, Simon. Simon, we love you. I love you. [Sniffles] [Engine revs] We're all still here. I'm always with you. [Clock beeping] [Tires screech] ♪ ♪ Hey. You okay? Who can be on a day like this? I know. Someone looks better. [Scoffs] Appearances can be deceiving, given the fact that radiation damage is almost entirely internal. Well, almost. Aside from the superficial scarring and the lifelong elevated risk of rare mutation-based cancers, I'm surprisingly healthy. And what about your previous situation? Oh, "The Company" has not come knocking. Perks of being called a player in the story of the century. So can't take me off the grid. [Sighs] It's good to see you, Caleb. How you feeling, buddy? Good to see you, too. How you doing, man? Good. How are you? Ryan, how was D.C.? Well, I briefed Congress, who seems to think that I know exactly what happened. Still not sure I do, but... Well, ride the horse in the direction it's going, right? Yeah, pretty much. Oh, hey. Hi! I brought you a gift. What? Welcome back, Agent Wyatt. [Chuckles] How? The new deputy director pulled some strings. How does it feel to be the highest-ranking woman in Bureau history? Aah, I wish it felt better. Maybe someday I can get Alex her badge back, too. You guys ready? Um, give me a minute. Okay. I thought his Medal of Valor was already in the casket. It's the one from Grand Central. I want him to have this one, too. Come on. Let's go inside. Oh, it's nice your mom came. Caleb : Who are you kidding? She's already planning her run for president eight years from now. I'll be with you in a second. Hello, Alex. Thank you for being here, Madam Vice President. Thank you for inviting me. I hope you're well. How's your health? My health's fine. Why? Blood pressure not bothering you anymore? According to your medical records that were released after the election, you don't have a blood-pressure problem, hence you don't have a blood-pressure prescription. So I don't understand why Liam O'Connor would blackmail me into swapping out pills that you were never really taking. I'm sorry. Were you asking me a question or making an accusation? I'm giving you a chance to tell me the truth before I devote my life to proving it. And you already know how stubborn I can be. So how involved were you with Liam O'Connor? I wasn't involved with Liam O'Connor. I'm not wearing a wire, ma'am. Wire or no wire, the answer's the same. But you knew about him. All that matters now is that we serve our country... Me as vice president of a nation that is in desperate need of leadership, and you [Sighs] wherever your blinding idealism takes you. My idealism isn't blinded at all. In fact, I'm seeing things very clearly now. I see a woman who colluded with a terrorist to fake a nuclear bomb attack right at the eve of the elections to remind her voters about her national security bona fides. Wow, you really wanted to win that election at any cost, and not for the greater good, but for yourself. You do realize that you are insinuating that I killed people... Natalie Vasquez, Drew Perales. [Scoffs] You have no idea who I am. What was the plan? Getting me arrested with a nuke in the car? Having me spend the rest of my life in jail while you helped him rebuild America's highest-ranking law enforcement agency? But you went on TV and called me a hero. Ohh. He must have hated that, to have you go back on your word. So he decided to do it himself. He stole the nuke, and Simon Asher had to pay the ultimate price. Simon Asher died a hero. He died with more purpose than most people have in their entire lives. And before you continue threatening me, you are not with the FBI anymore. So even if I did it, you don't have the authority, the resources, or the proof to come after me. I don't need proof. I have something else. I told you I wasn't wearing a wire, but I didn't say I was alone. Just remember this... No matter where you are or what you do, all the souls of the lives that you cost will be watching you, and so will we. [Elbow's "Mirrorball" plays] I see you. [Sniffles] ♪ I plant the kind of kiss ♪ [Breathing sharply] ♪ That wouldn't wake a baby ♪ 
♪ On the self-same face ♪ Alex, what do you want me to do with this magazine we're in? Oh, you can have it. Hey, save that Us Weekly for me! What, the one with your face in it? Yes, right next to that very important "Who Wore It Better, Kerry or Sofia?" I still can't believe you're the one they dismissed. Yeah, well, we mutually settled. You can't go undercover when your face is on every magazine. Nimah : Yeah, but out of all of us, you're the one who leaves. I mean, if it wasn't for you... If it wasn't for us. ♪ Everything has changed ♪ So what now? Well, um, my room at my mom's back in Oakland is still exactly the way I left it. Caleb : Oh, yeah? No hard feelings about that whole, "My daughter's a terrorist," press conference? Who's keeping score? Caleb is. Always. And I'll settle it, eventually. [Knock on door] Oh! Oh! Look at you! Hey. Hello, Nimah. Hey, you. Hello, I, uh... I got you these. Um, straight from the bodega. How romantic. Yeah, well, I almost chickened out, but the last time that happened, I kind of got shot. You did get shot. ♪ Not anymore, dear ♪ [Chuckles] Um, I'd put these in water, but everything's packed. I'm thinking about something else I chickened out on. What? That trip we were gonna take after your graduation. ♪ Everything has changed ♪ What about it? Well, it turns out that I have some leave days saved up. How many? Let me think. One... carry the... 110. [Laughs] ♪ 'Cause everything has changed ♪ 
♪ Everything has changed ♪ [Cellphone ringing] ♪ Lift off, love ♪ Hop in. This won't take long. ♪ So lift off, love ♪ Alexandra Parrish, my name is Matthew Keyes. It is my belief, as it is many others who work for me, that the FBI treated you terribly. They didn't trust you, they certainly didn't help you, and then they hung you out to dry. But I know that you love this country. And although you can't do very much for it right now, I know you wish you could. What do you want, Mr. Keyes? Well, I'd like to make you an offer. We hear you're looking for a job. I'm considering my options. Well, allow me to add us to the mix. Can I think about it? This offer expires the second you step out of this car. Why me? That's a good question. One that will be answered in time, but you have a decision to make first. [Cellphone ringing] Excuse me. [Ringing] [Sighs] So, are you gonna stay here, or are you ready for what comes next? [Ringing continues] ♪ ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 