Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Lost and Found - Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Lost and Found https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=889&t=33451 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/25/19 06:10 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Lost and Found 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Pretty Little Liars The Perfectionists"   
 The images will play as the models walk and we'll start with..   
 How long? How long was it going on?   
 You said that I could tell you anything.   
 I overestimated myself and you.   
 Nothing stays secret forever.   
 'Something that would destroy your family got out.'   
 - I'm looking for answers. 
- Someone tried to kill me.    
 I don't know who it was. 
That's why I faked my death.    
 That person probably killed my brother.    
 I'm the rat. I looked you up on the Internet.    
 'Everything about your family taking the money.'    
 Now Mason knows.    
 (Ava) Dad?    
 You are a miserable human being.    
 Why, because I read your file?    
 'Because I know your dad called you'    
 'his beautiful dreamer?'    
 We have to stop Mason before my fashion show.    
 A simple plan is, like, taking his phone and figuring out where he was that night.    
 I need you to lure Mason to Nolan's cabin so we can drug him and get his murder confession on tape.    
 Got the phone?    
 [tires screeching]    
 - Caitlin! 
- Ah!    
 [indistinct chatter]    
 [sighs] She's still in surgery.    
 That's gotta be a bad sign, right?    
 I mean, as long as they still have her in there they think there's something they can do.    
 So you're a half-full kind of guy?    
 Hm?    
 - You're an optimist. 
- I'm hopeful, yeah.    
 Okay, well, today I will be, too..    
 Because I can't imagine losing somebody else.    
 - I'm sorry. 
- I'm sorry.    
 [chuckles]    
 I just want you to know that I would have told you... about Nolan.    
 I just..    
 I didn't have the time to figure out how to say it without hurting you.    
 And I'm really sorry about what I said about Andrew in the cabin.    
 I didn't mean it. I swear, I just..    
 I get, I get it.    
 - I get it. 
- Have you heard from him since?    
 No.    
 Maybe it's better this way though.    
 You know, I mean, if he's not around Mason can't mess with him.    
 I mean, he's trying to find some silver lining to this that's all.    
 Well, it brought us together.    
 So I guess that's our sliver lining.    
 Are we... together?    
 Caitlin stole Mason's phone to prove to us that we could trust her.    
 So, yeah, we're together.    
 Hey!    
 How do I explain Taylor?    
 You found the dead girl whose brother was killed based off a rose you found in a cabin and a map of Oz.    
 Then you brought said dead girl back to Beacon Heights despite my warnings, only to have her disappear again?    
 That seems right.    
 You know, when you say it like that..    
 I do have a lot to worry about.    
 We don't even know if she's connected to all this.    
 - Hi. 
- Hi.    
 - Any word? 
- She's still in surgery.    
 What happened?    
 It's okay. She's one of us.    
 [scoffs] I wouldn't go that far.    
 I've never really been a joiner, so the whole posse thing's not a good fit for me. 
But can you trust me? Yes.    
 I wanna know who killed Nolan just as much as you do.    
 Oh, we know who killed Nolan...    
 And tried to do the same to Caitlin.    
 Guys, you can trust Mona.    
 [deep breath]    
 Okay, it was Mason Gregory.    
 He was jealous of Nolan because he was always number one and when he got rid of him, Mason spiraled into Nolan  . .    
 Now he's got a hold of Nolan's stash of secrets and he's been blackmailing us to get what he wants.    
 - Oh, been there, done that. 
- Sorry?    
 Ah, we'll save that for another time.    
 (Ava) Caitlin stole Mason's phone last night.    
 So we could use it to prove that he was there.    
 He was at Thorne Hall the night that Nolan was pushed off the roof and he ran her over as payback.    
 Ah, a-are we talkin' about the same Mason?    
 Mason Gregory as in model cute Mason?    
 No, he was with the crew team last night. He left.    
 He found time to hit Caitlin and still make the plane.     
 Why would you risk everything and not even talk to me first?     
 Because we wanted it to be over.     
 We needed it to be over.     
 [indistinct chatter on police radio]     
 And maybe now it can be.     
 This is our chance to tell the cops everything.     
 The hit and run happened off campus.     
 - Out of Dana Booker's reach. 
- What do you mean?     
 I know she suspects you, but you didn't kill Nolan.     
 - So why not just... 
- Trust her?     
 How much time do you have?     
 Are you in?     
 My secrets are already out there. It's your call.     
 You lie for us. Are you okay with this?     
 - They're your secrets. 
- We owe it to Caitlin.     
 Let's go.     
 Well, I never would have done that.     
 He must be doin' somethin' right.     
 Officers.     
 We'd like to make a statement about the case.     
 [sneezes] I'm really gonna regret moving to Pacific Northwest if I can't get on top of these allergies.     
 Officers, thank you so much for your quick response on the scene and for hopefully helping to save a BHU student's life.     
 Now, because of the circumstances the senator's daughter and Caitlin are so close with the Hotchkiss family Mrs. Hotchkiss has empowered me to take control of this investigation.     
 We're here to help you and the Hotchkiss family any way we can.     
 Beacon Heights owes them so much.     
 Did I hear you were here to make a statement?     
 We're here to support our friend.     
 No matter what.     
 ♪ If I show you then I know you won't tell what I said ♪     
 ♪ 'Cause two can keep a secret if one of them is dead ♪♪     
 When I found Taylor, she was living in a camper and we left it near the quarry when I drove her back.     
 And you think she's headed there now?     
 I don't know where else she would feel safe.     
 - [cell phone chimes] 
- I should get back to campus.     
 I'm faculty adviser for the fashion show.     
 How did you pull that card? I got campus clean-up day.     
 - I would trade you if I could. 
- Are you crazy?     
 I have a student in surgery.     
 And I found and then lost a dead girl.     
 I'm not exactly feeling fashion-forward today.     
 Well, the crew team always makes the final race.     
 So we have a few days until Mason gets back.     
 If he did this to Caitlin, then she and your little proteges are safe for now.     
 And if it helps, I'll head out to the camper.     
 Really?     
 Well, I was hoping to connect some more dots between Ray and Caitlin and you, but..     
 Gone girl gone again trumps mystery list.     
 Thank you.     
 So you were really thinking about leaving last night?     
 Yeah.     
 I didn't wanna let myself believe that it was really my dad in case I was being played, but..     
 As it got closer and closer to the time that I was supposed to meet him..     
 Whether I wanted to or not     
 I was all in.     
 I just can't believe that Dana went through all of that to lure you to the woods.     
 I mean, what did she expect to happen when you found out that it was her, not your dad?     
 She thought she could break me.     
 And that I would turn on you and Caitlin, and Allison too.     
 It's like she's playing some sick twisted game.     
 Well, she might get off on playing this like it's a game but she's dead serious about winning.     
 - Dana Booker does her homework. 
- Yeah.     
 And she picks on you over and over again until you have no choice but to bleed.     
 Sounds like Mason.     
 [cell phone chimes]     
 _     
 She's out of surgery.     
 [chuckles]     
 They said she had some internal bleeding but they were able to take care of it.     
 Okay, when do we see her?     
 She'll be in recovery for a while so there's, there's not really much we can do until she wakes up.     
 Actually, there is.     
 I know how we can prove that Mason killed Nolan.     
 Now you tell me.     
 I saw the phone go down in the sewer last night when Caitlin got hit.     
 I mean, she risked her life for this.     
 I think the least that we can do is make sure she didn't do it for nothing.     
 I have to get ready for the fashion show.     
 God, I totally forgot. I totally forgot.     
 Okay, uh, go, go and I will, I'll meet up with you after I get the phone, okay?     
 - You sure? 
- Yes.     
 (Ava) Okay.     
 We're running the models and designers to the final rehearsal group by group.     
 The lights are up, just need to load the packages and test any additional flex     
 the designers are addin' to their shows.     
 Awesome. Thank you, Zach.     
 We literally could not have pulled this off without you.     
 Yeah, it will be a fun night. I'll make sure of it, Miss D.     
 Oh, hi.     
 Thanks.     
 - Hi. 
- Hi.     
 Any updates on Caitlin?     
 She just got out of surgery but they wouldn't let us see her.     
 Okay, well, take a deep breath and know that you're exactly where you're supposed to be.     
 The reps for the "Rag Mags" and "Vogue," they RSVP'd.     
 "Vogue." It's just that Caitlin and I we had a fight and we said some things...     
 When Caitlin wakes up, do you think that she wants to know that you were just sitting there waiting for her when there was nothing that you could do?     
 Or that you are nailing your fashion show and getting that "Vogue" internship that you've been working on all semester?     
 Uh, Zach.     
 Ava, this is Zach.     
 He is with student bands and I have all confidence in him.     
 So, you need anything, Zach is your guy.     
 Great. Is there any chance you could help me with my lighting setup? I was planning on coming in early...     
 Look, there's a half a dozen designers that got here on time so take a number and wait your turn.     
 What's his problem?     
 I don't know.     
 [indistinct chatter on police radio]     
 - [cell phone rings] 
- _     
 Hey, no luck. Dana's goons are here.     
 Road's closed till  :   p.m.     
 (Ava on phone) They're not checking the drains, are they?     
 (Dylan) 'No, Mason's phone is safe.'     
 Dylan, the nurse called. Caitlin's awake.     
 - What is it? 
- Something's wrong.     
 She said the hospital's swarming with cops.     
 Okay, I'll meet you there after.     
 [dramatic music]     
 Clear the room.     
 What-what's happening?     
 Am I being arrested?     
 - It's clear. 
- All clear!     
 What are you doing? You can't just come in here!     
 Mom.     
 I mean, intellectually, you understand that your friend's mom is the senator but it doesn't really hit you until security threatens to slam you against the wall for trying to open a door.     
 They did warn you, twice.     
 Yeah, well, we're not getting in there while her mom's here.     
 There's nothing we can do.     
 We can't get Mason's phone until tonight.     
 So go practice. It will keep your mind off everything.     
 By everything, do you mean, uh, my boyfriend hates me someone tried to kill our friend uh, we're being blackmailed.     
 Oh, and did I mention someone tried to kill Caitlin?     
 Yeah, I think that about covers it.     
 Yeah.     
 You're gonna find out who did this to my daughter.     
 Yes, ma'am, we've got officers on the scene and we've got calls into all the local repair shops.     
 Whoever did this will be found, senator.     
 - I can promise you that. 
- Thank you.     
 [knock on door]     
 Are you in any pain? I can get the doctor to come and...     
 Mom, I'm fine.     
 You're missing a track meet this weekend.     
 - Not much I can do about that. 
- I didn't mean it that way.     
 I just thought you might feel bad about it.     
 I know it's frustrating and doctors think you can be back in two months but I think if you push yourself you can be back there in six weeks.     
 - Yeah, I always do. 
- Yes, you do.     
 Senator, did you request coffee?     
 [chuckles] Yes, that's from my friend, thank you.     
 If there's anything you need while you're in town, senator please let me know.     
 (female # ) Thank you.     
 I like her. She's proactive.     
 [scoffs] You have no idea.     
 [violin music]     
 [cell phone ringing]     
 [cell phone beeps]     
 (Dr. Foley on voicemail) Dylan, it's Dr. Foley. You missed your appointment.     
 I hope you're heeding my advice and taking a break from playing.     
 You're young, but no one's invincible.     
 Call to reschedule, please.     
 _     
 - [instrumental music] 
 [cell phone chimes]     
 _     
 [sighs]     
 _     
 [phone rings]     
 - [cell phone ringing] 
- Thank you.     
 Hello?     
 Did you find the RV?     
 Yeah, she's not here.     
 You at least could have sent that in a text, Mona.     
 What's up?     
 I-I think she was really alone here.     
 I mean, really alone.     
 Yeah, I saw that too.     
 Well, I know what it feels like to be hiding out on your own.     
 Hell, I even had an RV.     
 Yeah, well, I didn't have the luxury of a camper but I've been there.     
 You know, I think I'm gonna stay a while.     
 Maybe we'll get lucky and Taylor will come back.     
 One second.     
 - ♪ ... my favorite songs ♪ 
- _     
 Crap. Mason's coming home tonight.     
 It takes two seconds to type find my phone in the computer.     
 We have to get to that sewer before Mason does.     
 It's our only way of proving that he killed Nolan before he hurts somebody else.     
 And the road reopens at  :   when the fashion show starts, so I can move you guys to last on the schedule, but..     
 Do you think you and Dylan can get there and back by  :  ?     
 We have no choice. We'll make it happen.     
 - Flowers are here. 
- Daisies?     
 Oh, no, those aren't mine. I ordered snapdragons.     
 They're just flowers and they're yours.     
 No, you don't get it. I ordered snapdragons because they're beautiful and resilient.     
 Okay.     
 Darwin and Mendel actually used to use them while studying genetics.     
 So they're actually really smart too.     
 They're the inspiration behind my line.     
 Well, we don't always get what we want now, do we?     
 We need to fix this. I need this to be perfect.     
 There are people here from "Vogue" tonight.     
 My whole summer internship is riding on this.     
 That must be nice. Being able to do an internship not having to work all summer, so you can pay for school.     
 ♪ Your love is energy ♪     
 ♪ And how you blind me with your light ♪♪     
 Can you go back a slide?     
 [dramatic music]     
 I was there at the cemetery that day.     
 I was waiting for everyone else to leave so I could say goodbye.     
 I felt oddly safe there.     
 I guess no one looks for a dead girl at a cemetery.     
 I've gotta go.     
 I promise I'll be back in time for the show.     
 (female # ) Can I get you somethin'?     
 A glass of water?     
 Or maybe a snack. I think I saw some green Jell-O out there.     
 Remember when I was running for state senate?     
 [sighs]     
 We had that rally in Eugene.     
 Went to Buffet King after to meet local union members and you saw the dessert table.     
 Your eyes got so big.     
 You took a scoop of every dessert and ranked them by taste, texture and color.     
 Caitlin, please, put your phone away.     
 I'm worried about you.     
 What were you doing out on that road so late at night?     
 Mom, I'm swamped, really.     
 I have to prepare for midterms coming up I have to cancel my shift at the food bank and somehow figure out how to move my interview  for the internship with Senator Hastings.     
 I'll take care of it. I'll make a call.     
 Actually, probably, you don't even need to interview.     
 - I'll see what I can do... 
- Just stop!     
 I don't need you to do this for me, okay?     
 I can take care of myself.     
 I know how busy you are, so just go back to DC send mom home.     
 Caitlin, we both wanted to come but your mother needs to be in DC right now.     
 She works for you.     
 You couldn't give her the time off.     
 [scoffs] Never mind.     
 I don't understand.     
 We've been so close, and for the past few months it feels like you're pushing me away.     
 Not answering my phone calls, ignoring my texts.     
 - What is going on? 
- Nothing, I'm fine.     
 Then look at me.     
 I know you would never lie to my face.     
 I know what you did.     
 I know you cheated on mom.     
 How?     
 So it's true.     
 [instrumental music]     
 ♪ Don't know who's behind me ♪     
 ♪ Me me me ♪     
 ♪ Don't know who's ahead of me ♪     
 - ♪ Me me me me ♪ 
 ♪ This is why I can't stop ♪     
 ♪ One foot in front of the other ♪     
 ♪ This is why I can't stop can't stop ♪     
 [clears throat]     
 [buzzing]     
 ♪ And this is why I can't stop ♪     
 ♪ Can't stop ♪     
 ♪ This is why I can't stop ♪     
 ♪ One foot in front of the other ♪     
 ♪ This is why I can't stop ♪     
 ♪ Can't stop ♪     
 ♪ This is why I can't stop ♪♪     
 [whirring]     
 [clattering]     
 [dramatic music]     
 - [beeps] 
 [sighs] Who else knows?     
 Well, I haven't told mom yet, if that's what you're asking.     
 I am sorry I put you in this position.     
 And I'm sorry I did this to you and your mother.     
 - It was a mistake. 
- What, are you straight now?     
 I love your mother.     
 I ended it with him months ago.     
 [scoffs] It was more than once?     
 Your mom and I were going through a tough time.     
 And it was just after I didn't get the attorney general job.     
 Your mom can put things behind her and move forward.     
 I needed to mourn the loss. It was a moment of weakness.     
 I don't wanna hear you justify yourself.     
 I know it's a lot to ask..     
 But I need you to do something for me.     
 I need to know that you will not tell your mother.     
 You want me to lie to mom?     
 Why?     
 Because I'm running for governor.     
 [dramatic music]     
 [Alison sighs] 'Taylor.'     
 You really do think like me.     
 [sighs] Taylor, why did you sneak out?     
 Why would you risk it after telling me that you think     
 it's dangerous for you to come back home?     
 You already know the answer.     
 You needed to say goodbye.     
 (Taylor) After our dad died, Nolan gave this to me.     
 He wanted me to know he loved me.     
 He wasn't the only one.     
 Are you talking about my mom?     
 Hiding in the shadows makes you an easy target.     
 Go public and everybody's watching you.     
 And till you come back really come back     
 you won't be safe.     
 So you think the dead girl should live again?     
 [sighs] Mom.     
 Mom, not telling her the truth is a terrible idea.     
 I've kept secrets from people I care about and it always comes back to haunt you.     
 I know how much she loves you.     
 I know that this could bring you two closer together.     
 I-I know it.     
 You are a very wise woman..     
 But I'm sorry, I can't take the risk.     
 When I was a kid     
 y-you'd sit us down, just the three of us     
 and we would decide as a family if you'd run, do you remember?     
 You're not a little girl anymore.     
 [sighs]     
 So all those dinners I mean, you said you'd put your family ahead of your political career, that was just bullshit.     
 I'm sorry.     
 You already said that.     
 [sniffles]     
 Fine.     
 - What? 
- I'll do it.     
 I'll keep your secret, because that's what a Park-Lewis does, right?     
 We fall in line and do whatever it takes to make sure you win the race.     
 Thank you.     
 [sobs]     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 Hey, did, uh, did Andrew Villareal     
 pick up his ticket?     
 Um, no. You want it?     
 Show's about to start. 
It's front row seat.     
 He's never missed a performance in..     
 He'll show up. I'm sure of it.     
 - Thank you. 
- 'Yeah.'     
 Promise me you'll eat something.     
 I can't have my models passing out on the runway.     
 - Woman from "Vogue" is here. 
- Where?     
 In the front row. In the black.     
 Everyone in the front row's wearing black.     
 She's the one in the middle.     
 - With the "Primo" clout? 
- Mm-hm.     
 She already looks pissed and the show hasn't even started.     
 Look, it's  :  , right? We need to go get the phone.     
 Yeah, well, I sent Allison a text but I haven't heard back from her.     
 Now I'm sure she's here.     
 Ava, if if we don't leave now we're not gonna make it back in time, alright?     
 Mason's on his way home. Let's go.     
 Okay, guys, why don't you guys go get dressed?     
 Just, please, do not sit.     
 Lean or lay, but do not sit.     
 [beeps]     
 Oh.     
 [keys clacking]     
 [beeps]     
 "Peter, Claire, Taylor. BH- ."     
 Who's that?     
 - Note to Mona. Who the hell is BH- ? 
-_     
 Hm.     
 Taylor's Beacon Guard tracks people's locations.     
 Impressive.     
 Okay, what else can you do?     
 [dramatic music]     
 Claire, I think you might wanna sit down.     
 Well, I don't have time to get comfortable, Alison.     
 I was actually on my way to the hospital to see Caitlin.     
 I think maybe you should have a sip.     
 I really don't like surprises.     
 Can you, please, just tell me why it was so urgent for me to stop by?     
 [floorboard creaking]     
 
 
 
 [intense music]     
 [glass shatters]     
 [knock on door]     
 I know you asked me to stay away, but I couldn't..     
 - Thanks for the coffee. 
- Are you okay?     
 I've been worried sick about you.     
 I'll be fine. Really.     
 - Look, about... 
- There's something I have to...     
 [sighs] Well, you go first.     
 Okay.     
 [sighs]     
 There's something I have to tell you.     
 And I wanna be completely honest with you.     
 Nolan's dead, but there's someone else who knows my secrets.     
 And that person did this to me on purpose.     
 [sighs]     
 His name is Mason Gregory.     
 And I've known him since I was a kid..     
 [indistinct]     
 [Claire chuckles]     
 [dramatic music]     
 And you're sure you saw it go in there?     
 One hundred percent.     
 I know it's not the same thing as getting hit by a car but I'm about to rummage through a sewer looking like perfection.     
 [chuckles] If we can find his phone we can prove what Mason did and all of this will be over.     
 - For Caitlin. 
- For Caitlin.     
 - Ready? 
- Yeah, on three.     
 Alright.     
 One, two, three.     
 [clanking]     
 [both sigh]     
 Whoa.     
 - You see anything? 
- No.     
 - Do you? 
- Not really.     
 [fluttering]     
 [dramatic music]     
 [Ava screams]     
 Ava!     
 Ava!     
 [keys clacking]     
 [cell phone chimes]     
 _     
 (Mona) Mason is in Beacon Heights? That's not possible.     
 The crew team's not supposed to be back until   :  .     
 Okay.     
 - _ 
- [sighing] Come on, Ali.     
 Ava.     
 [dramatic music]     
 Ava.     
 [Ava screaming at distance]     
 Ava!     
 Ava!     
 [dramatic music]     
 Mm, mom.     
 [gasps] Oh, my God.     
 [upbeat music]     
 - Hey, have you seen Ava? 
- No.     
 You're on in    minutes.     
 Zach, h-have you seen Ava or Dylan?     
 No, not since the show started.     
 Maybe they're out pickin' snapdragons.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 [dramatic music]     
 [whispers] Um, we're not alone here.     
 - Something moving. 
- Something or someone?     
 I don't know. I think I peed my pants.     
 [intense music]     
 [Ava screams]     
 - Run. 
- Oh, my God.     
 What the hell is that?     
 [gasping] Help.     
 No, no, no, I need you to be quiet so that I can finish what I started.     
 Come on.     
 [dramatic music]     
 Oh, my God, come on. Go. Go, go, go, go.     
 Oh, my God.     
 Come on, hurry.     
 - Where are we? 
- I don't even care.     
 - What the hell was that? 
- I don't know. Was it Mason?     
 You mean, the pig man with bulging eyes who's gonna haunt my dreams forever?     
 We have    minutes to get to campus. Let's go.     
 [car door closes]     
 Is this what you're lookin' for?     
 We found it in the sewer.     
 Why did Caitlin have Mason's phone?     
 Because Mason killed Nolan.     
 Caitlin knew that his phone could prove it.     
 And maybe you're hoping to manipulate his phone to tell that story and throw the stink off the real killer.     
 But I got there first.     
 And you know what this phone tells me?     
 My hunch about Mason was right.     
 He didn't kill Nolan. He was at a crew party that night.     
 There are multiple witnesses who can verify that including Beacon Guard surveillance footage.     
 Mason was nowhere near Thorne Hall the night of Nolan's death.     
 That's what a real alibi looks like.     
 [gasping]     
 I really am sorry that I scared you but I needed to tell you the truth tonight.     
 When I heard you got hit by that car, nothing else mattered.     
 All I could think about was how great things used to be between us and all the awful things     
 'that I've put you through since Nolan died.'     
 Because I felt like I was to blame.     
 Cait, I, I pressured you at the cabin.     
 And you had every right to do what you did.     
 You know, I ditched the team. I didn't even compete.     
 - That's why we lost. 
- You expect me to believe you?     
 After everything you put us through? After blackmailing us?     
 - No, I screwed up big time. 
- Yeah, you did.     
 Truth is, Cait, I admired Nolan.     
 The way he could get people to do for him how he was always number one with not having to do the work.     
 I wanted that.     
 And when he died, it was my chance to do what he did.     
 To be him.     
 But I've realized that being Nolan is not who I am.     
 How the hell did you know about Jeremy and everything else you had on my friends?     
 Cait, I was, I was Nolan's insurance policy.     
 He pissed off so many people that he wanted to make sure at least one person knew who his enemies were     
 in case something happened to him.     
 I won't be bothering you anymore.     
 Mason, I want what was in the box.     
 - All of it. 
- What box?     
 Nolan's stash of secrets he kept at the greenhouse.     
 I-I don't know anything about that.     
 You didn't steal it?     
 Everything I know about you, Cait, Nolan told me.     
 If he had some kind of box of secrets stashed away..     
 [scoffs]     
 I guess Nolan had two insurance policies.     
 [all cheering]     
 [upbeat music]     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 - Hey. 
- Dana got the phone before us.     
 And it wasn't Mason. He was at a crew party all night.     
 Phone proves it and so does Beacon Guard.     
 - Later. 
- Okay.     
 Ava, your snapdragons came in.     
 Your models, they're good.     
 [sniffs] You? Is that sewage?     
 Yeah, it's kind of a long story.     
 - Okay, Elizabeth.. 
- You're on in two minutes.     
 Hey, your friend never came to pick up the ticket.     
 I had to give the seat away.     
 What's that smell?     
 Well, unless we could do this thing naked I don't know how we're gonna pull this off.     
 Oh, my God.     
 - That's it. 
- What? I was joking.     
 No, just take off that filthy jacket and go play your ass off.     
 - What? 
- I'm serious.     
 Go, trust me.     
 [instrumental music]     
 [violin music]     
 [all cheering]     
 - How do I look? 
- Honestly, like a hot mess.     
 Perfect.     
 [all cheering]     
 (Ava) Thank you all for coming.     
 When I first started this collection it was about being perfect.     
 Every stitch in the right place every accessory paired perfectly with each design.     
 Because I spent my whole life trying to be perfect.     
 And we spend our whole lives trying to be clean but that-that's just not how life works.     
 And sometimes the most beautiful things can come from the ugliest of places.     
 And from our imperfections we learn and we grow.     
 And from the dirt blooms the flower.     
 [applause]     
 [all cheering]     
 [violin music]     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 - Oh, that was great. 
- Thank you, thank you so much.     
 Okay, it was awesome. Thank you so much.     
 Hey, you okay?     
 Yeah. I'm fine, I'm fine. That was awesome.     
 I mean, how-how did we pull that off?     
 - That was awesome. 
- It was amazing. Thank you.     
 Couldn't have done it without you.     
 - Thank you. 
- Thank you so much.     
 What is your damage?     
 You really don't know who I am, do you?     
 Should I?     
 I'm Zach Fordson.     
 Maybe you've seen my dad's name in some court documents Kevin Fordson.     
 Your dad stole my parents' life savings my college fund, everything.     
 Any more questions?     
 (Ava) Alright, if the pig man wasn't Mason, then...     
 Is that what we're calling him, the pig man?     
 'Cause I don't..     
 That's not nearly as scary-sounding as it needs to be.     
 It was a warning, right?     
 Someone out there has our secrets and they want us to know it.     
 I'm really sorry about the things I said to you.     
 It's okay.     
 You had every right to be mad.     
 If it wasn't Mason, then we're back to square one, guys.     
 No, it's worse than square one.     
 Cait, you're in the hospital.     
 The game's changed.     
 There's something that's been bugging me.     
 I mean, maybe we've been looking at this all wrong.     
 Maybe the person who's doing this to us didn't kill Nolan.     
 Or maybe they think that we did.     
 And she's been using our secrets to drive a wedge between us.     
 To break us apart.     
 [scoffs] Divide and conquer.     
 Dana Booker. Mm-hmm.     
 She breaks into your apartment, right?     
 Pretends to be your dad, the re-route to the woods trying to get you to break and turn on us.     
 And we know she thinks we killed Nolan.     
 [scoffs] She tried to blackmail me just like Nolan did.     
 At his funeral, she said she would do whatever it takes.     
 Stop, stop. Are we saying that Dana dressed up as a pig to scare you guys in the sewer? Because that's extreme.     
 She just hit you with a car, Caitlin.     
 And whether it was Dana or one of her henchmen she's playing with us.     
 It's part of her sick, twisted game.     
 - If we're right about this.. 
- We match her game.     
 Whatever it takes.     
 - Whatever it takes. 
- Whatever it takes.     
 [dramatic music]     
 - [beeping] 
 (Mona) How could Nolan Hotchkiss be at my apartment?     
 _     
 [theme music] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 