Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Dead Week - Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Dead Week https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=889&t=33494 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/02/19 06:25 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Dead Week 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists"   
 I know what you did. I know you cheated on mom.   
 I'm sorry, alright? I-I, I was stupid.   
 I know what Nolan was like.   
 He just wanted to prove that he could do it.   
 (Dylan) What can I do to fix this?   
 (Andrew) You've done enough.   
 Andrew.   
 You really don't know who I am, do you?    
 Your dad stole my parents' life savings.    
 Hiding in the shadows makes you an easy target.    
 Until you come back, you won't be safe.    
 [beeps]    
 Bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?    
 How the hell did you know about Jeremy?    
 And everything else you had on my friends?    
 I was Nolan's insurance policy.    
 (Dylan) Maybe the person who's doing this to us didn't kill Nolan, maybe they think that we did.    
 (Ava) And Dana's been using our secrets to drive a wedge between us.    
 How could Nolan Hotchkiss be at my apartment?    
 [dramatic music]    
 [intense music]    
 [door creaking]    
 [music continues]    
 _    
 ♪ If I show you then I know you ♪    
 ♪ Won't tell what I said ♪    
 ♪ 'Cause two can keep a secret ♪    
 ♪ If one of them is dead ♪    
 (Ava) So you were born like this.    
 Pre-school spelling competition, first place.    
 I didn't even know how to spell mom in pre-school.    
 You guys don't even know the half of it.    
 My mom's taught me how to play Monopoly with a calculator.    
 Where is your mom?    
 I wanna tell her that I voted for her during the midterms.    
 She already flew back to DC.    
 Civic duty never sleeps. Mm..    
 Are you okay with that?    
 I know what it's like to be on your own.    
 Honestly, it's fine.    
 I have to prep for my interview today.    
 And besides, it's Dead Week.    
 I'm already so behind on my work even though    
 I got some extensions.    
 Because you got hit by a car.    
 Caitlin, you really should take it easy.    
 If you guys were me, would you be taking it easy?    
 I thought so.    
 They called off classes for a reason.    
 I have four midterms turning in an art history project to two papers and I'm lighting candles so I hear back from both.    
 Four midterms, two on the same day three essays and a musical recording project.    
 And you're lighting an extra candle until I hear back from the Seattle Symphony.    
 Damn, when I say it out loud, it does sound like a lot.    
 Don't forget to add we're being stalked and tortured by Dana Booker.    
 Who we think hit Caitlin with a car.    
 We cannot let Dana distract us this week.    
 We know that she wants to divide and conquer so we win by sticking together.    
 It's not gonna be easy, but we just have to keep our heads down and get our work done.    
 We'll focus on Dana after Dead Week, deal?    
 Deal.    
 Smack me if you hear me say Dana's name.    
 What do I do about that?    
 Do you really think I'd be here if we needed to be afraid of it?    
 The box is a smart monitor, it knows when you're home when you open your doors and windows it can sense fires and floods.    
 It'll send you a notification if there's an on-campus emergency.    
 And it's a kick-ass Wi-Fi router.    
 I just wanna make sure that you're gonna be okay and safe when I'm gone, which is gonna be a lot because it's Dead Week.    
 One thing I did not miss at BHU.    
 I knew it was gonna be stressful for students but no one told me it was gonna be stressful for faculty, too.    
 Pro tip, wine helps.    
 [chuckles]    
 Thank you for letting me crash here.    
 My life is about to go viral once my mom makes her public statement.    
 What is Claire gonna tell the media?    
 Exactly what I told her.    
 That I couldn't handle the pressure here.    
 Ironic, considering I came back during Dead Week.    
 But I'm sure my mom already has the BHU public relations office working overtime to spin-doctor the unfortunate timing.     
 Well, Claire does have to protect the reputation of the school.     
 I-I know she's happy you're back.     
 I think you're right but it will take time for her to earn my trust.     
 For now you're the only one who knows why I really faked my death.     
 When I disappeared, I was afraid of my mom but you don't need to be afraid of yours.     
 I watched Claire mourn. She was broken.     
 She was getting drunk in my living room to feel close to you.     
 So dramatic.     
 [cell phone ringing]     
 [sighing] Trying to schedule a FaceTime with Grace and Lily is like the UN trying to schedule a G  summit.     
 Don't be so hard on yourself.     
 You're a working mom, your kids will appreciate how hard you've worked for them.     
 I'm really glad that you trusted me enough to come back.     
 My brother trusted you. 
That's enough for me.     
 We do have a lot in common.     
 You know, I have to admit I was wrong about this   th-century mystery lit class being an easy A.     
 - Why would you think that? 
- I did, too.     
 But now we're analyzing the issues of feminist identity in the works of Agatha Christie.     
 Thank you.     
 - You've got a big house. 
- And class is really hard.     
 I came here to tell you something.     
 The press is camped outside the Hotchkiss estate waiting on Claire's official statement but I wanted you to hear it from me first.     
 Taylor is alive.     
 What?     
 - We were at her funeral. 
- I know this is a lot to process but she faked her suicide.     
 I grew up with Taylor.     
 And-and she loved her family. Why would she do this?     
 And how could she do this to them?     
 Nolan was devastated when she died.     
 Nolan knew she was hiding and he helped her.     
 He knew?     
 He was trying to keep you safe.     
 Safe from what?     
 Taylor told Claire that she disappeared because she couldn't handle the pressure.     
 - But that's not the truth. 
- Well, what is the truth?     
 Someone tried to kill her.     
 This stays between us. Do you understand?     
 Do you think the person who tired to kill Taylor is the same person who killed Nolan?     
 Now that Taylor is back, I'm hoping she can help us find out.     
 There's something that you need to know, Alison.     
 We think it was Dana who ran over Caitlin.     
 (Mona) You think it's Dana?     
 Two days ago, you all were     percent convinced that Mason killed Nolan and hit Caitlin with the car.     
 But you were dead wrong, pun intended.     
 And full disclosure, someone else is acting suspiciously.     
 - Taylor. 
- What's your issue with Taylor?     
 [sighing] Somebody left me a box of cupcakes last night.     
 And that's a problem?     
 Want one?     
 - No, thank you. 
- Mm-hmm.     
 They used Nolan's ID card to access my apartment.     
 - How would you know that? 
- Ah..     
 I stole Taylor's RV.     
 - I hid it in the woods. 
- You what?     
 It's like a mini Beacon Guard.     
 Mona, I've seen the camper. It's junk.     
 Remember that underground dollhouse I was trapped in?     
 It looked like a bunker from the outside.     
 Okay, we have to Google these guys.     
 - Yeah. 
- You won't find anything.     
 We were minors. Those records are sealed.     
 Where did you grow up?     
 (both) Rosewood, Pennsylvania.     
 You remember when A made Hannah eat all those cupcakes?     
 Who's A?     
 - A? 
- It was a long time ago.     
 It was a game that got out of hand.     
 We were kids. Dana's an adult. She's not an A.     
 I'm lost.     
 Think of A as a bully who makes a game out of watching you squirm.     
 - You mean, like Dana? 
- Dana's a total A.     
 - But how do we prove it? 
- Great, guys.     
 Just one more thing to add to my to-do list for Dead Week.     
 No, you three focus on your studies.     
 For now, the best cover you have is for you to act normal.     
 Well, if you're giving us permission who are we to argue?     
 And what's more normal than studying our asses off, right?     
 Exactly, I'll speak to Taylor and if we can trust her then she'll help us figure out who killed Nolan and we can hand that person over to Dana on a silver platter.     
 And I'm gonna find out who left me those cupcakes.     
 - I really hope it's not Dana. 
- Why?     
 Because she's on the inside.     
 And I hope I'm wrong about Taylor.     
 And why is that?     
 Because if it is Dana, then we need somebody on the inside too.     
 And Taylor is a Hotchkiss. How more inside can you get?     
 A puzzle is a new perspective on how to unravel...     
 Save the grade-grubbing goody two shoes act for class, please.     
 Hey, I'm not the one who paired us.     
 - Forced! 
- Together for this midterm.     
 I just don't understand how they expect us to figure out what painting this puzzle piece is supposed to represent.     
 What's so wrong with multiple choice?     
 Oh, now I have to get stuck with creative professor.     
 Our shrugs are broad, they're loose kind of like   th-century French realism.     
 The painting like that needs talent..     
 sh1t.     
 Ah, it's-it's just art history.     
 We've got four midterms, a term paper this stupid puzzle piece and a paper     
 we're supposed to write about it, don't tell me to relax.     
 You know, let's just do an online Internet search.     
 I've coded search parameters before.     
 I can easily write a program, scan this puzzle piece and we'll have so much more time for our other classes.     
 And best of all, you won't have to see me.     
 That's cheating. Why am I surprised, though?     
 Of course, you take the easy way out... just like your dad.     
 - I think I'm screwed. 
- Aren't we all?     
 Well, at least you're not getting an incomplete grade.     
 Oh, my God.     
 - You are screwed. 
- I know.     
 I mean, I need more time to record my solo piece as a midterm project for my acoustical engineering class but Professor James says he has to consider giving me an extension.     
 Is this about your hand?     
 It hurts to play.     
 I didn't listen to the doctor when he told me to take a break, and I'm paying the price.     
 Why don't you just tell your professor?     
 I'm sure he'll understand.     
 If he finds out that I can't play it could jeopardize my scholarship.     
 What do mean you can't play?     
 It-it's not permanent, is it?     
 I don't know yet.     
 This is my fault.     
 I never should have asked you to play at my fashion show.     
 This has nothing to do with you, I overextended myself     
 as always. Bad habit I'm trying to kick.     
 Hm.     
 - Hey. 
- Hey.     
 Did you, uh..     
 Did you get my text?     
 Yeah. Didn't make it.     
 Congratulations, I heard you rocked it.     
 Thanks. Dylan rocked it.     
 You should've seen him.     
 Uh, well, I gotta go.     
 Ancient Roman architecture is calling my name.     
 - He totally hates me. 
- No.     
 It's a fine line between love and hate.     
 He only hates you because he loves you.     
 _     
 Ending birth-right citizenship with an executive order is unconstitutional, thanks to the      case of the United States versus Wong Kim Ark which established an important precedent regarding the   th Amendment.     
 - Neck tie. 
- This is so not fair.     
 [scoffs]     
 [laughing] Well, you haven't stumped me yet.     
 And I'm so gonna ace this internship interview.     
 Mm-hmm, you're as smart as a whip.     
 Congressional puns make me hot.     
 Now, look, you're one answer away from winning then you're gonna keep your promise, right?     
 We're gonna talk about Taylor.     
 I never met her, but I can't believe she's alive.     
 How could she do that to her mother?     
 I guess daughters disappoint their mothers just like mothers disappoint their daughters.     
 I know it must be disappointing to keep the secret from your other mom     
 but you have to feel better knowing it's off your chest.     
 I don't feel better. I mean, it's gonna come out. Dana knows.     
 Broke your rule.     
 - You said Dana. 
- Damn her!     
 [chuckles]     
 What are you doing?     
 Like you won't be able to answer that question about congressional term limits.     
 ♪ Never gonna give up ♪     
 ♪ One love come together ♪     
 Game over.     
 You don't wanna keep playing?     
 Don't wanna take off those briefs?     
 What I want is to buy you a cup of coffee in town, like we were planning before all this happened.     
 You know what?     
 Let's do it.     
 I'm not gonna let Dana or anything or even a car crash stop me from living my life.     
 I'm tired of us hiding and sneaking around.     
 You know, I-I can't make it into town but why can't we run into each other on campus     
 where I'll be practically living this whole week?     
 ♪ Here to stay ♪     
 It's a date.     
 ♪ One love come together ♪     
 ♪ Ha-ha-ha-ha ♪     
 [moaning]     
 ♪ One love come together ♪     
 So I've reviewed all the key-card entrances made by our fake Nolan but it's impossible to get a visual on who's using Nolan's ID card.     
 You know, I get why we need to trust Taylor but why do you wanna trust her?     
 Because we share the same crazy life experience.     
 I mean, how often does that happen with people like you and me? I want her to be trustworthy.     
 (Mona on phone) She's sneaking around with her own private Beacon Guard, Ali.     
 You can't will someone to be trustworthy.     
 (Alison on phone) Okay, well, I'm gonna be home in a few minutes.     
 Maybe she'll come clean about the RV.     
 Oh, that's interesting.     
 Ali, Taylor's got biometric and physiological technology and can track gait patterns.     
 Okay, you need to slow down with the computer geek jargon.     
 G-A-I-T, gait.     
 That means we can identify fake Nolan by matching his or her walking pattern but the search is gonna have to scan through footage of the entire BHU population.     
 Unfortunately, that's gonna take some time.     
 - Okay, keep me looped in. 
- Yeah.     
 It makes sense if it was Dana.     
 After all, she was FBI.     
 And she has full access to Beacon Guard.     
 And that angle that Caitlin was hit at..     
 - Special-ops training. 
- Really?     
 Never played Call Of Duty? And what about Taylor?     
 She has access to a Beacon Guard.     
 Maybe Al was right, you know, maybe she--     
 Okay, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.     
 But what part of "Let's focus on our studies during Dead Week" did you guys not get?     
 [clears throat]     
 Oh, no. Don't make eye contact. Don't look her in the eye.     
 It's like "Jurassic Park." "Don't move."     
 She can't see us if we don't move.     
 Just the three I was looking for.     
 - What do you want? 
- To give you some good news.     
 We solved your case.     
 A teenager out for joyride thought he hit a deer.     
 He turned himself in when he heard you were in the hospital.     
 - Why wasn't this in the news? 
- The driver was a minor.     
 The case has been sealed to the public.     
 That's it? The case is just closed?     
 This sounds way too easy.     
 Looks like you've been studying together for hours.     
 So you're real friends now.     
 - Well, that's a game changer. 
- We're not playing games.     
 Oh, I think you started the game.     
 And it's my job to finish it.     
 I mean, how could someone mistake me for a deer?     
 - That story is so lame. 
- That's what's so scary.     
 Dana thinks she's getting away with it.     
 You know what's even scarier?     
 I don't think I wanna know.     
 She thinks that we killed Nolan.     
 You realize you're breaking your one rule, right?     
 - You're talking about Dana. 
- You're right. You're right.     
 That was a slip. Sorry.     
 Dylan, I-I-I gotta go, okay? I gotta focus.     
 - Caitlin, you've got this. 
- Thanks. Mm.     
 Look, it's her. We might as well leave now.     
 I hear she never sleeps.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 (male reporter) Earlier today, Claire Hotchkiss gave an official statement..     
 Okay. Lunch is here.     
 Pro tip. Stay away from my cheese fries.     
 (male reporter) The Hotchkiss family apologizes for any stress or inconvenience the community endured after it was reported..     
 Don't let the media frenzy get in your head.     
 I've been there. Done that.     
 Eventually, the media fades away and you get your life back.     
 How hard was it for you?     
 I remember how isolating it was to be away from my friends and family.     
 I got used to the isolation.     
 I'm gonna miss it now that the news is finally out about me.     
 - Well, you can't hide forever. 
- I know.     
 It's not the public scrutiny that scares me.     
 It's knowing that I'll be a target again   / .     
 What was it like for you off the grid?     
 How did you stay connected out there in that van without Wi-Fi, not even a phone?     
 It was liberating.     
 Beacon Guard was created to protect the community.     
 But it was exhausting constantly being under its watchful eye.     
 I felt free being cut off from the world.     
 I'm having food envy. The fries look good.     
 Have at it.     
 So, Caitlin Park-Lewis which reality show would you rather compete on     
 "The Bachelor" or "Survivor?"     
 Uh, e-excuse me?     
 Which show would you prefer, um being stuck with strangers on a deserted island for    days or competing with two dozen other women for one man's heart?     
 Uh, I..     
 [chuckles]     
 ... don't really watch reality TV.     
 But I can talk to you about FCC regulations on candidates and political programming and foreign policy...     
 I'm sure you can.     
 I've seen your resume, it's very impressive.     
 - Thank you. 
- What about pets?     
 Are you a dog or a cat person?     
 I don't own a pet.     
 Oh, allergies.     
 No.     
 - Pizza or tacos? 
- I don't understand.     
 I know. It's a very controversial question.     
 No, I-I'm confused, I don't know what pizza versus tacos have to do with this internship.     
 A lot, actually.     
 As an intern on the Hill, you'll be working directly with Senator Hastings' constituents.     
 Now, the senator and I already know how academically qualified you are for this position.     
 We know your mom.     
 But we wanna know more about who you really are as a person.     
 Who is the real Caitlin?     
 Politics is not just about policy it's, it's about the people.     
 So, pizza or tacos?     
 [birds chirping]     
 So how does Agatha Christie use her female characters to portray the principles of feminism?     
 Hint, hint, this'll be on your test.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 _     
 I get it. Gone girl's back.     
 But this is Dead Week, and you all need to focus.     
 Excuse me. Ms. DiLaurentis, can I speak to you for a second?     
 Please distribute these.     
 Everyone pair up and work on these practice worksheets together.     
 They'll cover everything in your midterms, okay?     
 It's official, I'm getting an incomplete     
 in acoustical engineering.     
 An incomplete?     
 You're one of my hardest-working students.     
 I took on more than I could handle.     
 It's a problem I'm trying to fix.     
 Well, you can just apply to take the class next quarter.     
 It's not the end of the world.     
 At BHU     
 an incomplete is like an F.     
 In fact, it's even worse because it means you couldn't rise to the occasion.     
 I know you're under a lot of pressure.     
 It's not a guarantee, but I'll speak to your professor, see if I can change his mind.     
 - I'm desperate. 
- Okay.     
 Thanks.     
 ♪ Reaching out like you're my friend ♪     
 - ♪ And you pick me up when ♪ 
- _     
 Then I'll come to you.     
 ♪ There's a smile upon your face ♪     
 ♪ There you go again ♪     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 ♪ When a lie is on your face ♪     
 ♪ There you go again ♪     
 Hey, Andrew. You know Zach, right?     
 - Yeah. 
- Have you seen him?     
 - Uh, no. 
- Huh.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 - I hope you like anchovies. 
- Hm.     
 It's all that's left.     
 A burger guy set up shop at the coffee counter.     
 Why do they want us to get fat during Dead Week?     
 [laughing]     
 We missed you at the fashion show, especially Dylan.     
 [sighs] It's the first time I missed a performance.     
 Sounds like you wanted to go.     
 I did, but what would I say?     
 You still care about him?     
 Maybe I'm not ready to say that.     
 But it's true. Right?     
 It's not that simple.     
 Remember, I'm the one who got hurt here.     
 I know.     
 And I'm not saying you have to forgive Dylan.     
 That's your choice to make.     
 But I know how you feel.     
 I've had my heart broken by people I've loved.     
 And now they're gone.     
 I would do anything to have a second chance.     
 ♪ Reaching out like you're my friend ♪     
 Thanks for the pizza.     
 - It was free, so.. 
- Ah, okay. Heh.     
 - I'll see you later. 
- I'll see you.     
 - Enjoy the anchovies. 
- Thanks.     
 Hey, have you seen Zach?     
 - Fortson? 
- Yeah.     
 Oh, he's not working till tonight.     
 ♪ And you pick me up when ♪     
 ♪ There's a smile upon your face ♪     
 ♪ There you go again ♪ 
♪ Oh oh ♪     
 ♪ Stepping right up to the end.. ♪     
 [mumbles]     
 Hey, Zach.     
 You know, for someone who's constantly judging me where does lying fit into your moral code?     
 Jerk.     
 Don't worry, switching from pre-med to English doesn't mean you can't apply to med school.     
 Did you know that Anton Chekhov was a doctor?     
 That was his side gig. You'll be fine.     
 Mason Gregory.     
 You are next. Come on in.     
 Okay, Junior Olympic silver medalist in rowing and second-place winner     
 of the national Intel Science Talent Search.     
 What can I do for you?     
 I don't know if I belong here.     
 Students usually start with a simple "I need to drop a class" or "I wanna switch majors"  before having their first BHU existential crisis.     
 It's definitely more than that.     
 Since Nolan's death, I've been distracted.     
 A jerk, actually.     
 - A jerk to whom? 
- Everyone.     
 - Including Nolan's friends. 
- Okay.     
 
 
 
 Well, grief manifests itself in unusual ways.     
 You're telling me.     
 You know, just as I wrap my brain around that     
 now Taylor's alive?     
 To do something that drastic that scares me.     
 She snapped under the pressure.     
 That could be me.     
 You're overwhelmed.     
 Take a step back.     
 Dead Week isn't just about cramming it's about teaching students to prioritize the workload and know when to stop and take a break.     
 I hear they're serving pizza in the student union.     
 I'm too keyed up to eat.     
 There must be something you do to relax.     
 Mm, video games, knitting.     
 [chuckles] Yeah.     
 Uh, I like to play the piano.     
 You're a musician?     
 When we accepted you into BHU there was nothing in your file about music.     
 I don't have any formal training.     
 I just picked it up by ear.     
 I think it's 'cause I'm a math geek and, um, you know, music is the art of math.     
 Well said, Amadeus.     
 My advice for now would be to find a music practice room and take a break.     
 Thank you.     
 I think I know where I'm gonna be for the rest of the day.     
 [chuckles]     
 Next.     
 (Caitlin) Turkey patty well-done. Wheat bun, steamed.     
 Onions grilled, not raw. Uh, three dill pickle slices.     
 Oh, and tomatoes on the burger but only if they're heirloom, not beefsteak.     
 Kosher, not table salt, on the fries.     
 And lettuce on the side just in case it wilts.     
 Do you have sriracha?     
 I made three different hot sauces from scratch.     
 Wanna sample those?     
 Mildest first, please.     
 [music on speaker]     
 [cell phone ringing]     
 _     
 Dessert?     
 I'll do the deep-fried Twinkie pie     
 and the Oreo milkshake.     
 Whipped cream on the side?     
 Uh, yes, please. It can melt.     
 We're also doing a special on cake pops and our choco tacos are really popular.     
 Oh, my God. Tacos.     
 I love tacos. Why didn't I just say that?     
 - So we're doing tacos? 
- Pizza or tacos. Tacos!     
 Caitlin, for God's sake!     
 They're tasty, they're portable if you're on the run.     
 But why didn't I just say that? Why did I just freeze?     
 And then, of course, there's taco pizza which you get the best of both worlds.     
 And I even missed the opportunity to bring up the topic of cultural misappropriation of authentic Mexican street tacos by corporate America.     
 Look, I don't know what kind of weird, uh new-agey class you're taking, but just trust me on this there's no wrong answer to pizza or tacos.     
 It's a personal choice. Your personal choice.     
 Just because I wasn't prepped doesn't mean I didn't know the answers.     
 I'll be back for dessert.     
 And thank you, this has been very insightful.     
 Alright.     
 Dead Week.     
 [instrumental music]     
 [sighs]     
 (Caitlin) Mrs. Gaines.     
 - "Survivor." 
- Excuse me?     
 "Survivor," I'd be on that show because if I could survive    years as the daughter of a politician I could totally handle being on a deserted island for    days.     
 It's a nice answer, but I'm afraid you've already had your interview.     
 I'll be honest.     
 Your questions threw me.     
 I prepped by memorizing economic statistics and analyzing foreign policy.     
 I was trying too hard to look good on paper.     
 You were a little stiff.     
 Could I have a do-over?     
 That just wouldn't be fair to the other candidates.     
 It doesn't have to count.     
 But you asked me who the real Caitlin is.     
 That's the one question I've never really asked myself.     
 I'd like to see if I can answer it.     
 I'd like to see that, too.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 Is this a private moment?     
 I don't know what it is.     
 [Mona sighs]     
 I'm sorry I was right about Taylor.     
 I just thought that she would help us connect the dots and get Dana off our backs and make it go back to living our best Beacon Heights lives.     
 [chuckles] Oh! What's that look like?     
 Drama-free.     
 When I left Rosewood, I thought it would be different but drama and lies follow me everywhere I go.     
 Ali, if you think you're a drama magnet it's because you wanna be.     
 If you don't want that, then change it.     
 I don't think it's that simple, Mona.     
 You're still defining yourself as that girl from Rosewood.     
 You say you want a fresh start so reinvent yourself and follow through.     
 [sighs]     
 When I go home, I'm gonna ask Taylor to leave.     
 For what it's worth, if I were Taylor I wouldn't have told you about the camper, either.     
 I don't know what her story is and I don't know what she was doing out there with her mini Beacon Guard but until we know more you have to be careful.     
 [cell phone ringing]     
 Is that an update about fake Nolan?     
 No, the gait-recognition program is still processing.     
 It's Bad Bishop.     
 Oh! Queen's Gambit.     
 Genius move, Einstein.     
 You're really into this person.     
 Chess is the art of math.     
 [chuckles]     
 Oh, my God.     
 I know who this is.     
 I.. Bye.     
 _     
 sh1t. Where are you?     
 Come on, come on, come on.     
 [classical music on record]     
 - [laptop keys clacking] 
 _     
 Now let's make sure no one's gonna find you online.     
 I have to be the only person at BHU     
 - who's recording from     . 
- _     
 [music continues]     
 _     
 - [laptop keys clacking] 
- _     
 [music continues]     
 [music stops]     
 [laptop keys clacking]     
 _     
 Dylan Walker, are you sure you wanna do this?     
 [exhales sharply]     
 [intense music]     
 _     
 [door opens]     
 Hey.     
 [sighs] I should've come to see you play. I was pouting.     
 You're cute when you pout.     
 You really hurt me.     
 I know.     
 I'm sorry.     
 Ah. I remember this one.     
 That was your favorite.     
 Our favorite.     
 [Irma Thomas singing "Anyone Who Knows What Love Is"]     
 ♪ Anyone ♪     
 ♪ Anyone ♪     
 ♪ Anyone ♪     
 I wanna come home.     
 ♪ You can blame me ♪     
 You are home.     
 ♪ Try to shame me ♪     
 ♪ And still I'll care for you ♪     
 So from now on we're totally honest with each other?     
 ♪ You can run around ♪     
 No more secrets.     
 ♪ Even put me down ♪     
 ♪ Still I'll be there for you ♪     
 _     
 ♪ The world ♪     
 ♪ May think I'm foolish ♪     
 ♪ They can't see you.. ♪     
 I'm sorry I left you that message.     
 I know you weren't lying.     
 ♪ Oh but anyone ♪     
 You were right.     
 ♪ Who knows what love is ♪     
 ♪ Will understand ♪     
 - [music continues] 
- _     
 ♪ I know ♪     
 ♪ I know to ever let you go ♪     
 ♪ Oh it's more ♪     
 ♪ Than I could ever stand ♪     
 This way.     
 ♪ Oh but anyone.. ♪     
 Hi. Uh, you're Jeremy Beckett, right?     
 I remember meeting you at the Hotchkiss estate.     
 - I'm Caitlin. 
- Park-Lewis, yes.     
 Can I buy you a coffee?     
 Can you throw in a deep-fried Twinkie pie?     
 I'm so happy you're doing carbs again.     
 It's Dead Week. Everybody's doing carbs.     
 [instrumental music]     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 [piano music]     
 [chuckles]     
 "Chess is the art of math?"     
 You told me music was the art of match.     
 -Wait, you're  Moves? 
-You're Bad Bishop.     
 [chuckles]     
 Checkmate.     
 Yeah, uh..     
 So whose move is it now?     
 - [cell phone beeps] 
- _     
 Uh, yours. Start a new game.     
 - All of them? 
- All of them!     
 I threw 'em all in the recycling bin.     
 Not a single index card in sight.     
 I find this incredibly sexy.     
 I never fly by the seat of my pants.     
 So this was new for me.     
 But I-I, I still don't get it, so you..     
 You're happy you tanked the interview?     
 Oh, no, no.     
 I felt like crap after falling flat on my face.     
 So what got you back up on your feet?     
 Tacos.     
 I realized that when people wanna know who you are if you're honest, there are no wrong answers.     
 It sounds to me like you definitely aced that test.     
 [chuckles]     
 [door shuts]     
 What's going on?     
 I have to go.     
 - To Claire's? 
- No.     
 I left something in the woods.     
 Something that can help us figure out who killed my brother.     
 Your mini Beacon Guard.     
 I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.     
 I-I, I wanted to show you what I was using it for     
 so you'd know that you could trust me.     
 But now it's gone and I have to find it.     
 I have it.     
 Well, my friend does.     
 - You stole it? 
- I didn't steal it, she did.     
 But it's safe.     
 You don't have to leave.     
 Alison..     
 ... we both know I can't stay here forever.     
 I came back to find out who killed Nolan.     
 It's time to start being a Hotchkiss again.     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 I told you, I don't wanna be a part of your shortcut.     
 I didn't take a shortcut. I worked on this all night.     
 What happened to your theory about  th-century French realism?     
 Well, I cross-referenced the art and I found out that Edouard Manet painted "The Luncheon On The Grass" in  after seeing Titian's original painting at the Louvre.     
 So I was right.     
 And you were sort of right.     
 Right.     
 You didn't have to include my name on it, though.     
 Well, I wouldn't have solved the puzzle without you.     
 Uh, hey.     
 I was wrong to say that you were just like your dad.     
 I don't even know you.     
 I'm really sorry about what my father did to you and your family.     
 Those were his mistakes, not yours.     
 And I screwed up by taking it out on you.     
 I'd probably take it out on me, too.     
 Yeah. Probably would, wouldn't you?     
 I'll see you around, Fortson.     
 See you around, Jalali.     
 Okay, so we know it's probably gonna be on the test.     
 So let's discuss some of the themes.     
 She's on the move.     
 Guys, she's putting sugar in her coffee.     
 She's plotting her next A move.     
 Oh, so it's sticking for calling the person who's torturing us A?     
 Stop staring at her.     
 I'm not staring. This is espionage.     
 Read some more spy novels.     
 That's actually not a bad idea, Ava.     
 - Are you writing that down? 
- I make lists is what I do.     
 She's sitting down with her coffee.     
 (Caitlin) Guys, can we please stop talking about Dana?     
 Or Nolan, or anything having to do with murder?     
 Please.     
 [audio feedback]     
 [classical music on speakers]     
 [indistinct chatter]     
 (Caitlin) Huh! What the hell?     
 Guys..     
 Are you okay?     
 I did something really bad that could get me kicked out of the school and Dana knows it.     
 [music continues]     
 [sighs]     
 [cell phone beeping]     
 [intense music]     
 - I love you, toodles. 
- I love you.     
 - To the moon and back. 
- We miss you, mommy.     
 Bye. Kisses.     
 [door shuts]     
 - I refuse to be a doll. 
- What?     
 You were right about Dana Booker.     
 She left me those cupcakes all A-like.     
 - She's playing your game. 
- Then I'll win.     
 Let's take this bitch down.     
 [dramatic music] 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 