Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x04 - Weight Of The World - The 4400 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x04 - Weight Of The World https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=928&t=36360 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/20 06:30 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x04 - Weight Of The World 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Le poids du monde 
(2x04 : Weignt Of The World) 
 Written by OZ SCOTT & SCOTT PETERS 
Directed by VINCENT MISIANO 
 Flashbacks to the season opener, Wake Up Call. 
 Trent Applebaum [Abducted May 18th 1989] walks into a diner and sits with his head in his hands, as the waitress leans over and kisses him on the top of the head. 
 Elyse: How did it go today, Daddy? That bad, huh? 
 Applebaum: Nobody wants to buy time shares in Wilmington Idaho. Baha California, maybe. 
 Elyse: If I were you, I'd go in and tell them 'Either you let me have the good listings, or I quit'. 
 Applebaum: The whole staff wants Baha, honey and I don't have the seniority. 
 Elyse: How is that fair? You've been a salesman longer than any of them. 
 Applebaum: Salesman, not telemarketer! It's different. 
 Another man enters the diner. 
 Man: Hey, hey! Applebaum! Payday! 
 Applebaum makes a run for it but is blocked by another man. 
 Elyse: Leave him alone, he's trying to get it back! 
 His head is forced down onto a plateful of food. 
 Demetri: This your beer, Applebaum? You don't mind if I quench my thirst, do you? 
 Applebaum: Honey, stay back. Stay back! 
 Demetri sits on a stool next to him. 
 Applebaum: I just need a couple more weeks. Something will turn around. 
 Demetri: In my business, we hear every sobstory in the book. But I gotta tell you, yours is a new one. Disappeared 15 years ago, came back and my wife died. Daughter dropped out of school. You got a bad break, but you borrowed the money, now you have to pay me back. 
 Applebaum: I'll figure something out. 
 Demetri: Do it quickly, cos you and I are going to talk again in 48 hours. I thought you 4400's got special powers. How come you're such a big nothing. 
 Applebaum: Just lucky I guess. 
 Demetri drinks the rest of Applebaum's beer. 
 Demetri: Ah, that's cold. Thanks for the beer. 
 They let him go and start to walk out. 
 Richard and Lily are driving along. 
 Richard: We should reach Eric's place by tomorrow. It'll be nice to see a friendly face and be able to sleep in for a change. 
 Lily: Sounds good. 
 Richard: You like Eric, right? You guys got along in quarantine. 
 Lily: Richard I'm late. Like, I might be pregnant, late. 
 Richard: You sure? 
 Lily: No I'm not sure. I'm late. 
 Richard: Well, we'll just have to wait and see. 
 Lily: Wait and see? 
 Richard: Go to the drug store and maybe get one of those test things. 
 Lily: And what would you like it to say? 
 Richard: I'd like it to say congratulations. You have a job, a house and a future, you're ready for another child. But I don't think it's gonna say that. 
 Lily: No, probably not. 
 Two day's later. 
 Applebaum and his daughter are in their home counting money. 
 Applebaum: 31, 32, 33, 3400. 
 Louise: Well that should keep the creeps happy for a while. 
 Applebaum: I'm sorry about your car. 
 Louise: I'll ride a bus to work. 
 Applebaum: I'm sorry about the television. 
 Louise: I'll read a book. 
 Demetri is at the door. The man appears to be half the weight he was before. 
 Demetri: Applebaum the miracle man huh?. You notice anything different about me? 
 Applebaum: My God! 
 Demetri: 75 pounds in two days. At first I thought the termites had gotten me. I was sick. Cancer doctors ran all the tests. Turns out I'm fine, but how could I lose all that weight? Then I thought of you. Me and you, we share a bottle of beer and you're one of those 4400's. 
 Applebaum: What does that prove? 
 Demetri: Nothing yet, but let's find out. 
 Demetri's wife is holding a bottle of water. 
 Demetri: I want you to take a sip, because if I'm right, and you made me lose all this weight, then the same thing should happen to my wife. Who though I love very much, I do, could stand to lose maybe 20 pounds. 
 Wife: 30. Go ahead. Drink up. 
 Demetri takes the money Applebaum has in his hand and puts it back in his pocket 
 Demetri: Applebaum. These people who took you, they set you up for life. They snatched up a bum salesman. They sent you back, the human diet. 
 Applebaum: The human diet. I like that. 
 He takes a drink from the bottle and hands it back to the woman, who takes a drink. 
 Titles. 
 A crowd of photographers is gathered outside the 4400 centre. Jordan Collier is standing beside the pop diva, Chloe Granger. 
 Chloe: Thankyou. Thankyou. Reading Jordan's book was an absolute revelation. I bought copies for all my backup dancers and we discuss it every night after the show. 
 Collier: She cut her tour short. 
 Chloe: Yes, because I felt like I had to be here. Obviously, I am not one of the 4400, but I expect to be treated just like any other student here. If I am lucky enough to tap into an ability, I will use it to ensure the world a brighter future. 
 Collier: Congratulations Chloe Granger, you have achieved first key. 
 Everyone begins to clap as the key is held up. Shawn is also clapping and smiling. 
 Devon is standing beside Shawn. 
 Devon: Last year she was into Kabala. 
 Demetri and his wife are in their bathroom. She is standing on the scales. 
 Woman: That's amazing. I lost 23 pounds. I haven't weighed less than 130 since college. 
 Demetri: I told you Applebaum was a real hero, right? 
 Woman: You better not be harrassing him anymore. 
 Demetri: Honey, what we got from him was worth way more than what he owes me. Turn around. 
 NTAC 
 Nina: Question of the day. Who is Trent Applebaum and why is the Drandex corporation calling me about him. 
 Tom: Applebaum disappeared in the late 80's. 
 Diana: He's in phone sales, right? 
 Nina: Well now he's selling himself. He claims that his saliva is a catalyst for weight loss. 
 Tom: Can Applebaum back his claim up? 
 Nina: He's got two satisfied customers. Married couple. One dropped 75 pounds, the other 23. Practically overnight. 
 Diana: My God! You've really got to hand it to the future on this one. If they really gave him this ability there could be a cure for obesity. 
 Tom: Yeah, or change the world. 
 Nina: It's about to change Trent Applebaum's world. He hired a lawyer, an agent. They were asking 20 million dollars but Durandex is in a bidding war with three other companies, so who knows where the final number will end up. 
 Diana: A 4400 selling exclusive rights to his ability. Is it legal? 
 Nina: Our lawyers are looking into an injunction, but at the moment no legislation specifically prevents it. 
 Tom: Then our guy stands to be a very rich man. 
 Diana: Maybe we should go see him. 
 Tom: Yeah, find out if he's really worth 20 million dollars. 
 Richard and Lily arrive at the home of Eric Papequash who was abducted on August 5th 1955. 
 Eric: Hey! Jet pilot! 
 Richard answers him in Native American. 
 Richard: Did I get it right? 
 Eric: Close enough. 
 They hug. 
 Eric: Hey, so you sounded a little freaked out on the phone. Anything I should know about? 
 Lily get's out of the car with Isabelle in her arms. 
 Richard: It's better that you don't. 
 Eric kisses Lily on the cheek. 
 Eric: Hey! Look at you two. Lovebirds from quarantine building B. This little cutie must be Isabelle. Your Daddy told me all about you. 
 Lily: I bet he did. 
 Eric: Well come on in. I'll show you guys the guest room, and maybe somebody's sleeping on the couch? 
 Lily rolls her eyes. 
 Kyle and Wendy walk on campus. 
 Kyle: A-. Not too shabby for my first college essay. 
 Wendy: It was a good paper. Well thought out. 
 Kyle: So what's the minus for? 
 Wendy: Well, I always like to leave a little bit of room for improvement. 
 Someone hands him a flyer for a party. 
 Kyle: Last day's of Pompeii. 
 Wendy: Yeah, they throw that party every year. You should go. Blow off some steam. You've earned it. 
 Kyle: I hate to go alone. You up for it? 
 Wendy: I probably flunked half the members of that frat. Not my scene. But don't let me stop you. 
 Tom and Diana are at Applebaum's house. 
 Applebaum: I don't know how it works. They put something inside me. One of those enzymes or whatever. 
 Tom: So someone drinks from the same glass you do, and they lose weight. 
 Elyse: Maybe we should give them a demonstration. 
 Applebaum: Cut it out Louise! She thinks she needs to lose eight pounds. 
 Elyse: Try ten. 
 Applebaum: Sweetie, you're beautiful. You don't need to lose anything. 
 Diana: He's right about that. You don't. 
 Applebaum: A lot of kids go to college when they're eighteen. Elyse had to take a job at the diner. We were apart for sixteen years, but while I was gone they gave me a way to make it up to her. 
 Diana: Mr Applebaum, no-one is telling you not to provide for your daughter. 
 Tom: But a 4400 putting his gift on the open market, is a first. Wanna make sure nobody get's taken advantage of. Not you, not the buyer, other 4400's. 
 Applebaum: You don't have to teach me about selling! I've been a salesman my whole life. Most of the stuff I pedal? Junk! But now I've got a product that everybody wants and only I can provide. I am the damn product! Nobody's putting Trent Applebaum back in the bottle! 
 Lily and Richard are joining Erics family and some guests at a barbecue in his garden. 
 Tara: My father fought in Korea. Infantry. 
 Richard: I flew an F36. 
 Tara: Eric told me. Daddy admired you guys. He said there were only 25 black pilots in the whole Airforce who were allowed to fly with everybody else. 
 Richard: There weren't a lot of us, that's true. You're the first person in a long time that's even mentioned the Korean war. 
 Tara: It was a big deal at our house. Veterans day, I'd be off from school. We'd always go to the parade. 
 Richard: Yeah, my Grandfather on my Mom's side, he'd take me too. Except it was called armistice day back then, for world war 1. He'd put on his full dress. Go march with his buddies. 
 Tara: Daddy looked so handsome in his uniform. I bet you did too. 
 Lily looks up and doesn't look happy. 
 Richard: Yeah well, too late. 
 Tara: He passed away two years ago this August. 
 Richard: I'm sorry to hear that. 
 Tara: Thankyou. He would have really loved to have met you too. 
 Eric is cooking on the barbecue. 
 Eric: The guy was 81. He was born 4 years after I was. 
 Mrs Papequash: Well luckily, I like older men. 
 David: So Richard. We know what you were up to in 1951. How about lately? 
 Richard: Well I've been working as an auto mechanic. 
 David: Oh really? So what brings you to this part of the country? It's kind of remote for a vacation. 
 Lily is looking more and more uncomfortable and unhappy. 
 Eric: They came to see me. Us 4400's, we gotta stick together. We have a bond that you mere humans will never understand. 
 David: Eric, you freak me out when you talk that 4400 unity crap. 
 There's an awkward silence. 
 Mrs Papesquash: Not really much of a talker, are you Lily. 
 Lily: I'm not really used to being in social situations these days. 
 David: Now you are a lucky man. This one here. Well its yap, yap, yap. 
 He heads over to his wife. 
 David: But I guessed you already noticed that, didn't you? 
 Mrs Papsquash: I have to pee for about the 75th time today. 
 Lily: I have to change Isabelle. 
 Diana and Maia are looking through a book of tatoo's, while April leans over the back of the sofa. 
 Maia: I like this one. 
 Diana: Oh they're all beautiful. I just like them better when they're in this book than I do on someone's shoulder. 
 April: You don't get it Di. These drawings, they're not mean't to live on the page. They're mean't to live on the skin. 
 Diana: That's very deep. But you're right, I don't get it. 
 Maia: I do. 
 April: Ok, you've got to let this brilliant little girl swing by ink tomorrow. 
 Diana: It's a tattoo shop. 
 April: A body art emporium. And for five hours tomorrow, I'm the featured artist. 
 Maia: You must be pretty good. Can't we go? Just for a little while? 
 Diana: One hour. 
 Back at the 4400 center. Shawn is walking in a corridor as Devon passes by. 
 Devon: Oh Shawn, have you seen Chloe's schedule? 
 Shawn: Why would I have seen Chloe's schedule, Devon? 
 Devon: She has an interview with Us Weekly at 3 'o'clock tomorrow. 
 Shawn: Ok. Well hopefully she'll mention the center. 
 Devon: But her nutrition and purification class is at 3 'o'clock. 
 Shawn: Yep, I think I heard Jordan say she was excused from that. She's been on a macrobiotic diet for three years. 
 Devon: Or so she say's. 
 Shawn: Look, I'm sure Jordan plans on treating Chloe like any other student. Ok? 
 Cut to Jordan and Chloe in bed together. 
 Applebaum is at the diner, pacing frantically whilst talking into a phone. 
 Applebaum: No! I don't wanna wait. I want to close. Just tell them it's done and I'll be in tomorrow. Alright, thanks Len. 
 Elyse: How much? 
 Applebaum: 40 million dollars. 
 Elyse screams with joy and hugs him. 
 Demetri is at a restaurant with his wife, eating dinner. Food is piled high on the table and he motions to a waiter. 
 Demetri: Hey, where's the next round. Come on! 
 Waiter: It's on it's way. But sir, this'll be your fourth steak. 
 Wife: Hey, we're hungry! 
 Waiter: Ok. Ok. I'd just hate to see you make yourself sick. 
 Demetri: No-one is sick, ok? We're hungry. We're starving. Now go! Go! Take your hands of the plates. Go! I'm starving. 
 Collier opens the door of his room to find Shawn standing outside. 
 Shawn: Morning....you're not dressed. Those guys from Arkan films are here to pitch us. 
 Collier: Ah, the recruitment video. Yeah well, you can handle that meeting, can't you? 
 Shawn: Well yeah, sure, if you're too busy, yeah. 
 Chloe comes out of the bedroom. 
 Chloe: Hey! I guess Jordan's getting a late start this morning. My bad! I'm just gonna jump in the shower, ok? 
 Collier: A shower sounds good, Chloe. Close your mouth, Shawn. You'll draw flies. 
 Shawn: One on one tutoring with a first key. That's new. 
 Collier: First key or not, Chloe demands, deserves, a different level of attention. She's our entree, Shawn, into the entertainment community. 
 Shawn: Jordan you have an entire chapter in your book that rips celebrity culture. It's a cancer that seperates people, that helps define the haves and have nots? 
 Collier: 4400 culture is all about unity. Please Shawn, do not quote me back to myself. The fact is, celebrities have deep pockets and deeper insecurities. We can use both to our advantage. 
 Shawn: You can be a manipulative prick, you know that? 
 Collier: Yeah well, it helps to use your entire skills set, when you're trying to change the world. 
 Richard is in Erics workshop. 
 Eric: You and Lily should think about putting down some roots here. I think all this running is fraying you both around the edges. 
 Richard: You've noticed that. 
 Eric: Hard not to. You can do a lot worse than White Bird. It's quiet. Everyone minds their own business. Eventually, you're gonna have to stop criss crossing the highways. Might as well do it here before you run out of road. 
 Richard: Thankyou by the way, for not asking what we're running from. 
 Eric: I figured if you wanted me to know, you'd tell me. Look Richard, I got all the work I can handle up in Livingston, keeping up these movie stars second homes. We could use a hand. 
 Richard: You offering me a job? 
 Eric: They used to call us handymen. Now we're property managers. Either way you'd be working with me, not for me. 
 Applebaum is at Drandix Laboratories signing the contract 
 Employee: And if you'd just sign right here. 
 He signs and passes the paperwork back. 
 Employee: As agreed. Your signing bonus. 
 He's given a cheque for 1 million dollars. 
 Applebaum: When do I start? 
 Chloe is undergoing some therapy at the center. Shawn and Devon look in from a window above. 
 Therapist: You're making breakfast. As you pour the milk over your cereal, you notice that there's a photo of a missing child on the side of the carton. Takes you a moment to realise it's a picture of you at ten years old. 
 Chloe: This is giving me chills. Whose making this stuff up? 
 Devon turns to Shawn. 
 Devon: What a moron. 
 Shawn: Devon, do not let Jordan hear you say that. The two of them hooked up last night, Yeah, and by the looks of it, probably this morning too. 
 Back with Chloe and the therapist. 
 Therapist: There's a telephone number on a missing person's report. It's the number of your childhood home. 
 Devon can later be seen sitting on a stairwell, crying. 
 Lily and Richard are on Erics porch. 
 Lily: Stay here? You mean permanently? 
 Richard: It's a nice town. Eric say's I can start work tomorrow. Look Lily. We gotta get you off the road. Especially if you're pregnant again. 
 Lily: I'm not. 
 Richard: You sure? 
 Lily: Positive. Please don't try and pretend you're not relieved. 
 Richard: Relieved? Lily, I was trying to wrap my head around it, that's all. Especially if we're not going to be running anymore. 
 Lily: I don't like this place, Richard. Isabelle thinks it's.... 
 Richard: Oh!! Let me guess. We should move on. 
 Lily: I was hoping we could go to Salem Oreon. I have some relatives there. I think they may be willing to help us out and keep quiet about it. 
 Richard: Salem? That's a city. 
 Lily: Maybe we could get lost in a crowd for a change. 
 Richard: This place, this life, feels right to me. 
 Lily: This is Eric's life. This is not yours. It's not ours. 
 She takes his hand, but he brushes her away and walks away. 
 Diana is in the office on the phone. Tom is standing in the background listening. 
 Diana: No, this is not my negotiating stance. This is my answer. No! Goodbye! 
 She puts down the phone. 
 Tom: So let me guess. The answers no? 
 Diana: That was a rep from the yoyotron corp. They wanna sign Maia to a three hundred thousand dollar a year holding contract. 
 Tom: But Maia doesn't have any ability anymore. 
 Diana: Well you don't need any to make these deals. They're signing 4400's up on spec. They want them in their pocket in case something develops down the line. 
 Tom: Well you did the right thing by saying no. 
 Diana: Tom, about Maia... 
 Tom: What, she's ok isn't she? 
 Diana: She's fine. I've been trying to figure out the right time to tell you this. I probably should have done it right away but....You know those visions that Maia used to have? It turns out she was only pretending that they stopped. 
 Tom: How long have you known? 
 Diana: Not long. I only found out because I read her diary. It was an eyeful. 
 Tom: Are you gonna tell Jarvis? 
 Diana: I'd rather not turn my daughter's diary over to the government. Don't give me that look Tom. You kept Shawn's ability to yourself for quite some time. 
 Tom: I guess we're even now. 
 April is tattooing someone. 
 Billy: See how cool that looks? You're right, she's a real artist. 
 April: Oh, say it again Billy Boy. I don't think my sister heard you. 
 Diana: Wrong, I heard him. You're a star. 
 Billy: Believe it. As soon as I heard April was appearing here, I booked my time right away. So did pretty much all of my buddies. 
 Diana: It's impressive. I'm proud of you. 
 April: Wait a minute. You didn't actually just say that you were proud of me? 
 Diana: Cut it out, of course I am. 
 April: I always thought you thought I was a loser. 
 Diana: Did you really think that? 
 April: Yeah I really did. 
 Diana: April! 
 Billy: All I said was that I liked the tattoo. 
 Maia: You don't always wear a helmet, do you? You should wear one tonight. 
 Billy: Why's that? 
 Maia: You won't make it over to Monica's house if you don't. Does that hurt. 
 Billy: How do you know about my girlfriend? 
 Maia: I really think you should wear your helmet. 
 Kyle is at the Last Day's Of Pompeii party. Lot's of people, lot's of alcohol. Things suddenly shift and he finds himself alone outside. A shop window is smashed and a police car pulls up beside him. He has no idea what's happened and seems to have lost some time. 
 Applebaum get's out of a car and Demetri walks up to him, apparently ill. 
 Demetri: You killed her. 
 Applebaum: Demetri, what happened to you? 
 Demetri: My wife, she's gone. Doctors say she starved to death. I'm next. You killed us both. 
 He falls the ground. 
 Tom storms into his house followed by Kyle. 
 Kyle: How many times am I supposed to tell you. I don't know how I got to that store and I sure as hell don't remember breaking any windows. 
 Tom: Not remembering is no excuse. And stop telling me somebody spiked your drink! The police ran tests Kyle, there was no GHB in your system. 
 Kyle: What else could it be? 
 Tom: You spent three years in a coma, you have no business drinking anything!! 
 Kyle: Ok, so I screwed up, I'm sorry. What more do you want? 
 Tom: How about acknowledging that this was serious. Do you know how close they were to charging you with breaking and entering. Which by the way is a felony. If I didn't play the NTAC card, you'd be sitting in a jail cell right now! 
 Kyle: Can I go to bed. 
 Tom: No! You wanna make up for lost time, Kyle. I get it, I get it. But we need to talk about some ground rules for you. 
 Kyle: I'm not a kid. I don't need ground rules. 
 Tom: I wouldn't know that from tonight. 
 The phone is ringing. 
 Kyle: Answer it. 
 Tom [Into Phone]: What? You're kidding me. Yeah, I'll be right in. 
 He get's his coat 
 Tom: We'll finish this later. 
 Kyle: What happened to laying down the law? Oh right, something more important came up. 
 Tom: Just go upstairs Kyle. Just go upstairs. 
 Richard is walking down a street at night. Tara pulls up beside him in a car. 
 Tara: Richard, what are you doing out here? 
 Richard: Oh, just getting some air. 
 Tara: Hop in, we'll give you a ride back. 
 He get's into the car. The Tara's husband David is sat in front beside her. 
 Tara: I was reading about your Air Force Unit on the internet yesterday. 
 Richard: No kidding. I looked at it a couple of times too. 
 Tara: You guys were the most decorated.... 
 David: Tara! Will you stop pestering the man about his past? 
 Richard: It's ok. I don't mind 
 David: Well as long as we're gonna talk it, I gotta question for ya. What did a brother have to do back in the 50's, before they let you fly a plane, huh? Polish the officers boots on the weekends? 
 Tara: David! 
 David: No, no, I'm serious. I'm wondering. You all must have done some serious bowing and scraping before they handed you them keys, right? 
 Tara: That is enough! I'm so sorry, Richard. 
 Richard: No problem. With some people, the less they know, the more they talk. 
 David: Oh I know some things. A lot more than you realise. 
 Tara: What's that supposed to mean? 
 David: You need to quit fawning over the man and keep your mouth closed. 
 Richard: Why don't you just let me out right here. 
 David: Hey! You sit back and relax, huh? Cos this here? It's called marriage. That's all. You know what I'm talking about. 
 
 
 
 Applebaum goes to see Tom at NTAC. 
 Applebaum: Demetri's dead? 
 Tom: Organ failure resulting from malnutrition, just like his wife. 
 Applebaum: They were supposed to lose 20 or 30 pounds, not starve to death! 
 Tom: Are you sure there isn't anyone else? Family, friends. 
 Applebaum: No. 
 Tom: Did you kiss anyone? Share a drinking glass? 
 Applebaum: No, there's no-one else. 
 Diana enters the room. 
 Diana: We think we know what happened with the Kazarrs. There's a protein in your saliva that hyper accelerated their metabolism. It's a cagey one, too. It stimulates the brain to release ebonefron and it breaks down fat cells at the same time. 
 Tom: No wonder they burned off calories faster than their bodies could take them in. 
 Diana: Well they could eat anything and everything and still starve to death. 
 Applebaum: That doesn't make any sense. We're supposed to be helping people, right? That's why we were sent back? All I wanted was to make good for my daughter. Now I'm a murderer. 
 Tom: You didn't mean to do it, Trent. 
 Applebaum: That's supposed to make me feel better? 
 Diana: We're going to have to keep you here and try to find a way to remove the protein from your system. 
 Tom: Look, the good news is, we caught it early. A lot more people could have been infected. 
 Applebaum: Oh no, I was at Drandix this morning. I spent two hours in their lab giving tissue samples. 
 Tom goes to Drandix. 
 Employee: Look, this isn't my fault and I have the documents to prove it. 
 Tom: How many people did you test. 
 Employee: Look, my bosses, they wanted a clinical trial up and running by the end of the day. They said make it your top priority. 
 Tom: How many!! 
 Employee: A hundred. 
 Back at the 4400 center, medics rush past Shawn. 
 Shawn: Hey, hey, hey, what's going ont? What's going on? 
 Devon is taken out on a stretcher. 
 Later Shawn and Collier get out of an elevator. 
 Shawn: Why would Devon try to kill herself? 
 Collier: Obviously, she's a very troubled young girl. 
 Shawn: But she's going to be ok, though? 
 Collier: They were able to pump her stomach out at the emergency room. She's at home recovering. But I think, what we need to do right now is to continue our work. 
 Shawn walks off. 
 Kyle talks to Wendy on campus. 
 Wendy: Kyle, if the cops say you didn't get G'd, you have to believe them, right? 
 Kyle: They could have screwed up the test. I didn't drink that much. 
 Wendy: Well maybe your Dad's right. Maybe you shouldn't drink at all. 
 Kyle: If it was just the booze. 
 Wendy: Well what else could it have been? 
 Kyle: When I first came out of my coma, I wasn't quite myself. I hope it's not happening again. 
 Wendy: I don't know exactly what you mean, but if you're losing chunks of time, you should talk to your Dad about it. 
 Kyle: What's he gonna do? Turn me over to NTAC medical? I'm not going back into quarantine. No way. 
 Richard is working on his car in front of Eric's house. David pulls up in his car and storms over. 
 Richard: If you're looking for Eric.... 
 David punches him in the face. 
 David: Now there's your goddamn apology. 
 Richard: What are you talking about? 
 David: She was at me all morning. Richard this, Richard that. I should go apologize. From here on in, you stay the hell away from my wife. 
 Richard: You're crazy right? I've got nothing going on with your wife. You'd better step away or take a deep breath or something. 
 David: Man I step where I please. 
 He swings another punch, but Richard blocks it and throws him over the hood of his car, wrenching his arm up behind his back. 
 Richard: Now listen to me. You're gonna go home and you're gonna apologise to Tara. If you've got any brains at all, you're gonna start treating her better. Cos if you don't, one day someone's going to take her away from you. Now get your ass outta here! 
 David get's back into his car. 
 Applebaum and Tom are wandering among the Drandix test subjects. 
 Tom: Trent, this isn't helping. 
 Applebaum:I had to see what I did. 
 Tom: You want to do something, get back to the lab. Help them work on a way to counter this. 
 Applebaum: Just let me call Elyse first. She'll be wondering where I was all night. 
 Tom hands him his phone. The phone rings at his house and we see Elyse lying on the kitchen floor gasping for breath. Around her there are many plates full of food. 
 Elyse [into phone]: Help me! 
 Applebaum: Elyse? 
 Elyse: Daddy? Help me. 
 Applebaum sits at Elyse's bedside. 
 Elyse: Sorry. I just wanted to lose ten pounds. 
 Applebaum: Baby, I told you, you were perfect. 
 Elyse: I used one of your water glasses. 
 Applebaum: We're gonna get you help. We're gonna get everybody help. 
 Tom is watching from a window above. Diana walks in. 
 Diana: Tom, we got something. 
 Tom: What? Tell me. 
 Diana: Well I asked the guys downstairs if we could approach this like a smallpox vaccine. Use trace amounts of the adogen to build resistance and counter the effects of the disease. 
 Tom: People are starving to death. 
 Diana: Yes, because of a chemical reaction. Now they biopsied Trents liver. That's where the protein is coming from. 
 Tom: So if we can extract this protein. 
 Diana: They can make a serum that will stimulate antibody production of the victims. But they're gonna have to harvest tissue to do it. 
 Tom: How much of his liver would you have to use? 
 Diana: How much time do we have? They wanna take all of it. 
 Lily is standing at Erics gate at night. Richard walks up behind her and kisses her on the forehead. 
 Lily: I've never seen a sunset like that. You know, when it takes forever to go down? It's like it doesn't wanna give up the sky. 
 Richard: It's a pretty sky. Worth holding onto. I'm sorry. 
 Lily: What for? 
 Richard: Letting you believe for a second that I wouldn't wanna have another child with you. I wanna build a future for us. I just need to get my feet under me first. 
 Lily: Maybe if we stay here, you can. I mean it Richard. You love it here. I don't wanna stand in the way of that. 
 Richard: Sure hate to give up that sky. 
 Lily: Me too. 
 NTAC 
 Tom, Diana and Applebaum are walking through a corridor. 
 Applebaum: Are you sure this will work? 
 Diana: Oh, it's Elyse's only shot. Her and all the others. 
 Tom: We've got a matching donor lined up. It's still a big risk, but say the word and the liver's on it's way. 
 Applebaum:Ok then. You wanna close this deal? Here's the fine print. 
 Tom: You want Elyse to go to school? It's already done. We talked to Drandix and they've agreed to open up a college fund in her name. 
 Applebaum: Sold. 
 Tom: Great. 
 Later at Devons house. Shawn has brought a vase of flowers. 
 Shawn: Your Mom put them in a vase for me. She's a very nice lady. 
 Devon: They're very pretty, Shawn, but you didn't have to. 
 Shawn: Well I wanted to. 
 Devon: I hope Jordan's not too upset. 
 Shawn: No, no. Hey. 
 Devon: He's probably too busy with his pet superstar. 
 Shawn: Devon. What are you doing thinking about Jordan and Chloe, right now? Hey 
 She begins to cry. 
 Devon: You have no idea how I feel about him. How deep it runs. I worship Jordan, for everything he's given me. For allowing me to be so close to him. He took me to a place I never thought possible. 
 Shawn: Devon, are you telling me that you and Jordan?? 
 Devon: Jordan's heart is full of love. He shares that love with me as an honour. An honour that Chloe doesn't deserve. She's not a real student of Jordans. 
 Billy knocks on Diana's door. His arm is in a sling. 
 April: Hey! God, what happened to you? 
 Billy: I left the shop the other night and got hit by a car on my way out of the parking lot. 
 Maia: But you were wearing your helmet, weren't you? 
 Billy: Yeah. The Doctor said it saved my life. How did you know that was gonna happen to me. 
 April: Childrens intuition. 
 Maia: I'm glad you're ok. 
 Billy: Yeah, me too. 
 He takes her hand. 
 Chloe is leaving the center. 
 Collier: It's a shame to lose you so soon. 
 Chloe: It sucks, huh? I thought my Atlanta dates were pushed. Now they threaten to sue if I don't show. 
 Collier: You've made such progress in such a short period of time. Believe me, that doesn't happen very often. 
 Chloe: Well, I sure as hell hope not. You know me Jordan. I like feeling special. 
 Collier: You are. 
 Chloe: This was amazing. I can't wait to get back here. Bye. 
 She leaves. Shawn walks up behind Jordan. 
 Shawn: Talk about a quick study. Third key status in less than a week, huh? 
 Collier: Noblesse oblige, Shawn. She benefits and so do we. 
 Shawn: It's too bad all of the women that you screw, don't share the same benefits. 
 Collier: That's cheap and childish. I expect more of you. 
 Shawn: I know the feeling. 
 Tara rushes into Eric's house. 
 Tara: I'm so sorry you two. 
 Richard: What's wrong? 
 Tara: It's David. He just looked on the website for the 4400's. It said that you two were missing. That you hadn't reported in the way that you were supposed to. I heard him on the phone just now. He's reporting you guys to the government. 
 Richard and Lily say their goodbyes. 
 Eric: Sorry about that idiot David, man. I'd love to have you two around. 
 Richard: Thanks. 
Eric gives him some money 
 Richard: Oh, I can't.... 
 Eric: Take it man. Call it a downpayment on your next house, wherever that may be. 
 Mrs Papesquash: Hope you find a safe place. 
 Lily: Thought it was here. 
 They get into the car and drive away. 
 Tom and Diana are pushing Elyse in her wheelchair. 
 Elyse: Is my Dad gonna be ok? 
 Diana: He's gonna be in intensive care for a while, but the transplant, it went well. 
 Tom: Your Dad's a hero. 
 She looks in through the window of her father's room. 
 Elyse: I'm gonna tell him that when he wakes up. 
 Back at the 4400 center. 
 Collier: If you have something to say, now would be a good time. 
 Shawn: Oh, you know what? You want to hand out keys like they're junk mail, you be my guest. 
 Collier: That woman will play to 20,000 people every night, wearing our insignia, promoting our image. 
 Shawn: Image? How does nailing your secretary help our image, Jordan? 
 Collier: I'm not perfect. I never intended to be. 
 Shawn: I don't need perfection. I just want you to stop giving me reason to think of you as some kind of hypocrite. 
 Collier: When you're running this place Shawn. You can behave as nobly as you'd like. 
 Shawn: Meaning what? 
 Collier: Meaning, one day all of this will be yours. The paperworks been drawn up. The lawyers know what to do. Everything's in place. 
 Shawn: But you're not going anywhere. 
 Collier: Nevertheless. I sleep better, knowing my life's work is in the hands of the saintly, the unsullied, Shawn Farrell. 
 NTAC 
 Nina: So we thought we had a cure for the world's obesity problems. 
 Tom: Yeah, it's good, we've got two dead bodies. A hundred other people in recovery and one corporation scrambling to cover it's ass. 
 Diana: It looks like the great 4400 gold rush is over. 
 Nina: Making the point of this little excercise, what exactly? 
 Diana: Maybe they got it wrong. They thought they had a cure, but they didn't. I mean, they're from the future but they're still Human Beings, right? 
 Marco: Let's not rush to judgement. We know rapid weight loss has an effect on the Human body, but if the purpose of this protein is to provoke metabolic chemical change, it could have other applications. Like uh, I don't know, breaking down toxic waste. 
 Diana: It could rid the ocean of pollutants. Maybe even repair the ozone layer. 
 Tom: So in other words, the possibilities are pretty much endless. 
 Marco: That's all they are right now though, possibilities. We're years away from practical use. 
 Nina: With his new liver, Applebaum won't be able to produce the chemical anymore. 
 Marco: He doesn't have to. Now that we've got it isolated, we could reproduce it and find out what we've really got here. 
 Tom: So Trent earned his golden parachute after all? Maybe his daughter could study chemistry in college. 
 Tom returns home to find Kyle in the kitchen. 
 Kyle: Hey. 
 Tom: Alright, there won't be any interruptions at my end. 
 He switches his phone off. 
 Tom: This a good time to talk? 
 Kyle: Yeah. Um, I never said thanks for getting me off the hook with the cops. 
 Tom: Look Kyle, I know you're gonna make mistakes. I did when I was your age. The only thing I ask is that you let me help you learn from them. 
 Kyle: Makes sense. 
 Tom: So I just need to know. You told me everything that happened that night, right? 
 Kyle looks at him for a moment. 
 Kyle: Yeah. 
 Kyle is in his bedroom and he looks in the mirror which begins to warp his image. He see's himself grabbing his head in pain and then see's back to the night of the party and the shop front. He stares at himself in horror 
 The End 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 