Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x13 - Mommy's Bosses - The 4400 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x13 - Mommy's Bosses https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=928&t=39228 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/27/20 12:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x13 - Mommy's Bosses 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We're not a threat. 
 We're salvation. 
 The world will have to deal with us. 
 Previously on the 4400... 
 [tom]: They just arrested a suspect  in the collier killing. 
 Roy marsden didn't kill jordan collier. 
 And neither did you, kyle. 
 Son of a bitch! 
 You go and you tell your daddy  that he didn't kill anybody. 
 If maia's having visions,  you should know about it,  and you should know what they are. 
 [Maia]: mommy's bosses will be punished  for betraying us. 
 I want to go home. 
 I know you do, honey,  but dr. 
 Hudson is going to take very good care of you. 
 Don't tell anyone i can't heal. 
 Sure. 
 What are you going to do? 
 What i have to. 
 [Richard]: If you're sick,  the responsible thing is to report to ntac,  but if you are well... 
 walking into quarantine is an easy step,  but walking out, that might be considerably more difficult. 
 There's a synthetic substance present in the blood  of every 4400. 
 They even gave it a name. 
 They call it... 
 "promicin inhibitor."  Every time they came to ntac medical,  every checkup. 
 Your daughter is the rosetta stone  for understanding what happened to the 4400. 
 We're her parents. 
 We decide. 
 Are you sure you want to do this? 
 Just get me and isabelle someplace safe. 
 But if it comes down to a choice  between the safety of the american people  and the welfare of the 4400,  tom... 
 that's no choice at all. 
 We tried being reasonable. 
 In 10 hours, we start rounding them up. 
 [Siren wailing]  [Grunts]  Easy, mccullough. 
 Let me go! 
 I'm not sick! 
 There's nothing wrong with me! 
 We know that, but you're a 4400,  and everybody's got to go in. 
 Come on... 
 now, i don't want to cuff you,  but if you run again,  you're going to give me no choice. 
 "Quarantine" is just a word to you guys. 
 Try living it. 
 Come on. 
 What are we doing here, diana? 
 This is so wrong. 
 All right, what do you suggest? 
 We walk into the middle of ntac,  and shout out, "we did this. 
 We made them sick."  Yeah, yeah, that's good start. 
 We've got the medical records. 
 We can take them to dennis. 
 You really think that max hudson and a couple of rogue doctors  hatched a covert plan to poison the 4400? 
 I mean, you really think that they could do that  without approval? 
 Whose approval? 
 Dennis ryland's, for one. 
 He was the head of this division  when this whole thing started. 
 I mean, you think he didn't know? 
 Until we know how far up this goes,  we've got to stay calm, work quietly... 
 and watch our backs. 
 Don't tell me to calm down, lily. 
 How am i supposed to be calm  when my wife and daughter left in the middle of the night? 
 We didn't leave you, richard. 
 I just didn't feel like isabelle was safe there. 
 You've turned this resisting quarantine  into your personal mission. 
 Ntac turned it into my personal mission  when they started rounding us up. 
 And i admire what you're doing,  but it's not my fight,  and i sure as hell won't let it become isabelle's fight. 
 Just tell me where you are. 
 Put my mind at ease. 
 I'll come see you. 
 Lily? 
 I'm sorry. 
 I just feel like it's better this way for now. 
 I'll call soon. 
 That didn't go as well as mommy hoped. 
 911. 
 please state the nature of... 
 i need an ambulance. 
 I'm... 
 i'm sick. 
 I've got this... 
 hello? 
 Hello? 
 Miss, are you there? 
 Never mind. 
 Think they're sharing trade secrets? 
 Either that,  or she's asking for her office back. 
 After you. 
 Thanks. 
 Nina. 
 Good to see you. 
 Thanks. 
 I wish the circumstances were a little better. 
 We lost the first 4400s  to this thing overnight. 
 Seven dead. 
 There'll be more by day's end. 
 No word about a vaccine, a cure? 
 [Jarvis]: I just got off the phone with hudson. 
 He said that they've worked on a few things overnight. 
 I'm going to quarantine. 
 Diana... 
 i know this is frustrating,  but we've got the best minds in the country,  in the world,  working on this. 
 Well, they better work fast. 
 Seven people are dead. 
 Alana could be next,  or maia,  and still,  nobody has any idea where this came from, do they? 
 We'll get it figured out. 
 Hey, sweetie. 
 It's me, tom. 
 Who are you? 
 [Weakly]: Who are you? 
 She was awake earlier. 
 Only for a few minutes, though. 
 Did she say anything? 
 She talked about you. 
 Said you were going to make everything okay. 
 I hope she's right. 
 Me too. 
 Let's go. 
 Where are we headed? 
 We've got an appointment  with the good doctor hudson. 
 Diana, what... 
 what the hell are you doing? 
 We've got some things we need to talk about. 
 * so long ago, another life *  * i can feel your heart beat *  * it's not a dream remember us *  * i can see it in your eyes *  * we'll find our place in time *  * our place in time beyond the sun *  * we'll find our place in time *  * our place in time to call our own *  ????? 
 This guy your agents brought in, orson bailey,  i think i can explain how he developed this... 
 jesus, i can't even say the word. 
 Telekinesis. 
 Thank you. 
 The body produces four main neurotransmitters. 
 They're like traffic cops to the brain. 
 They control everything, regulate everything. 
 Tell me something i don't know. 
 Bailey is producing a fifth neurotransmitter. 
 We've never seen it before. 
 Nobody has. 
 I'm guessing it factors into bailey's ability  to bend spoons with his mind. 
 Let's just say promicin  is basically a backstage pass  to the v.i.p. 
 Section of the brain. 
 He is using parts of the cerebellum  no human has ever had access to. 
 I ran some tests on the 4400s  who are still in quarantine. 
 Every single one of them  is producing trace amounts of promicin. 
 So it's just a matter of time  before every 4400 develops telekinesis? 
 Promicin's behavior is unpredictable. 
 They might not get telekinesis,  but they'll get something. 
 Put everything on paper. 
 I want to get my talking points straight  before i try to explain this to d.c. 
 D.c. 
 Panicked. 
 I was ordered to work on a drug  to suppress the production of promicin  in the 4400. 
 Once i synthesized the inhibitor,  we gave it to every 4400,  every time they came in for a checkup. 
 But it doesn't even work. 
 4400s are developing abilities all the time. 
 A small percentage of them are,  but if it wasn't for the inhibitor,  they'd all have them. 
 I know it didn't work perfectly. 
 "Perfectly?"  Seven 4400s died last night. 
 It was your inhibitor that did it. 
 You made them sick! 
 You think i don't know that? 
 We weren't trying to kill anyone. 
 We were preserving the status quo,  doing a good thing. 
 I guess it backfired. 
 I am trying to undo it,  but if you want to pull that trigger,  please, be my guest. 
 Maybe then finally i'll get some sleep. 
 All right. 
 If you're not going to shoot me, let me get back to work. 
 I don't want anyone else to die. 
 Alison? 
 What are you doing here? 
 They're going to give roy life. 
 They're going to give him life,  and he's going to take it. 
 What are you talking about? 
 The state was going to go for the death penalty,  and the public defender convinced roy  to take a plea bargain. 
 But they've got no case against him. 
 My dad told me. 
 I don't know. 
 This lawyer,  he's handling, like, 10 different cases,  and he just doesn't want to see  the inside of a courtroom. 
 I don't know. 
 But he didn't do it, okay? 
 He didn't kill jordan collier. 
 You keep saying that. 
 Does your dad know something? 
 What? 
 Is there evidence that they're hiding? 
 What? 
 You have to tell me. 
 If roy takes this deal,  he can't even get parole for 20 years. 
 He's not going to prison. 
 Why? 
 The 4400 came back august 14th. 
 Hudson discovered promicin october 11th. 
 So they probably gave  the first doses of the inhibitor  sometime around the end of the month. 
 But we have every internal document  for october. 
 There's nothing about any of this. 
 There's hardly even a mention of orson bailey. 
 We both wrote reports about him, diana. 
 They're gone. 
 They were hoping  that was going to be the only extrahuman ability  ever developed in a 4400. 
 If they destroy all records of it... 
 nobody would ever know. 
 But this went to the top of the food chain. 
 Here. 
 Britain, france, korea... 
 everywhere there's a sick 4400. 
 There has to be a paper trail. 
 Does it even matter? 
 I mean, we could find a memo  signed by the entire united nations security council. 
 It's not going to cure anyone. 
 Diana, we delivered confidential medical records  to dr. 
 Burkhoff. 
 We've got the so-called "father of 4400 technology"  working on the case,  and you just stuck a gun  to the head of ntac's medical director. 
 We've done everything we can  to get the right people working on a cure. 
 That's if ntac even wants a cure. 
 Ryland's been talking about people in d.c. 
 Who've been on a wartime footing for months. 
 This is nothing but a stroke of luck for them. 
 You think they want them all dead? 
 I told you! 
 I told you i wasn't safe here. 
 It's just a precaution, kevin. 
 We think you'll just be safer  if you move to a less exposed location. 
 It's because i told you  about that inhibitor thing, right? 
 I spent six years in a psychiatric hospital  suffering from paranoid personality disorder. 
 As soon as i get out,  you two put me smack in the middle  of a massive conspiracy. 
 Dr. 
 Burkhoff's been spinning all kinds of stories about ntac. 
 Very interesting stuff. 
 Well, he can spin  all the theories he wants,  just not here. 
 I'll make sure he has a safe place to work. 
 I figured out what promicin is. 
 That's the name they gave the neurotransmitter,  right? 
 The one that gives the 4400 their abilities? 
 And if i can find one 4400  that hasn't been exposed to the inhibitor,  i think i can neutralize it. 
 Hey. 
 You scared me. 
 Why didn't you use your key? 
 Oh, sorry. 
 My hands were full. 
 I brought you guys some supplies. 
 You still like chocolate cherry? 
 That sounds great. 
 Thank you. 
 Oh... 
 you okay? 
 Yeah, just jumpy. 
 It's so quiet out here. 
 Yeah, a lot of places have closed up for the season. 
 Oh, i thought that, uh... 
 maybe i could stay for a little dinner or something. 
 You don't have to get back home? 
 No, not really. 
 Carol's gone. 
 She found out  that you and i were talking. 
 Don't worry, she doesn't know you're here,  but she got mad. 
 Brian, i'm sorry. 
 She'll stay away for a few nights. 
 I'll stay on the couch for a while... 
 but in the meantime,  heidi's staying with a friend,  and i figured, why eat alone? 
 Sure,  but i hope you're not expecting much. 
 I haven't made pot roast in a while. 
 You know, lily, the truth is... 
 i never should have married carol  in the first place. 
 What are you doing, brian? 
 Come on. 
 I'm alone. 
 You're alone. 
 You and richard aren't happy. 
 That's not true. 
 We could have it back, lily. 
 Don't, brian. 
 Why are you fighting it? 
 Brian, stop it! 
 Let me go! 
 I don't want to hurt you, lily! 
 Stop it! 
 You little bitch. 
 Hello? 
 [Brian]: lily? 
 Are you okay? 
 Brian? 
 Yeah, i was going to bring by some food. 
 Don't. 
 Something's not right here. 
 I haven't heard  from the safe house in wheeling  for a day. 
 We have to assume it's been compromised. 
 That's the third one that's gone silent. 
 They're picking us off one by one. 
 We might want to think about fighting back. 
 We can do that, richard. 
 We certainly have 4400s that can do some damage,  but once we take that step,  there's no turning back. 
 Excuse me,  but shouldn't there be bars on these windows? 
 The point is  to be unobtrusive, dr. 
 Burkhoff. 
 Well, this seems  a little lax to me. 
 Most of you are 4400s. 
 I'm a collaborator. 
 You know what they do to collaborators? 
 [Quietly]: We need to get him working. 
 It calms him down considerably. 
 We cleared out a room for you. 
 Anything you need, just let us know. 
 What i need is a clean 4400,  one that hasn't been exposed to the inhibitor. 
 I don't guess you've got one of those, do you? 
 Actually, i might. 
 20 years,  i've never seen you pour a drink on government property. 
 I never supervised a round-up of innocent citizens before. 
 Conscience bothering you, dennis? 
 Hell, yes... 
 it is... 
 and given the circumstances, i'd say that's a good sign,  but i'm trying to focus on my job, tom... 
 and i need the same from you. 
 But sometimes when you... 
 you look for one thing, you... 
 you learn something else. 
 You know how it is, dennis. 
 [Ryland]: I know exactly what you mean. 
 I've learned some things myself. 
 Open it. 
 Knowledge is a burden, huh, tom? 
 Did you think  that i would release kyle from quarantine  and not keep an eye on him? 
 Why didn't you stop this? 
 Because i didn't know  exactly what kyle was going to do. 
 I just sort of let the future play out. 
 Isn't that what you're always talking about? 
 You set up roy marsden. 
 That was my gift to you, tom. 
 Would you rather  i just turn these over to my bosses? 
 I would rather you be the friend... 
 you be the ryland i worked with for 20 years. 
 I haven't changed. 
 I have a tough job, and i'm doing my best,  and as your boss,  and as your friend,  i expect support. 
 Kyle hated quarantine. 
 ??????? 
 They know. 
 Ntac knows you shot collier. 
 What? 
 How? 
 They've known all along. 
 They let it happen. 
 I need you to be ready to get out of here. 
 I'm going to call alana's friends. 
 You're sending me to spain? 
 If they come after you,  i need you to be ready to leave right away. 
 Did you hear roy marsden's being sent to jail for life? 
 They set him up. 
 But if i run... 
 just one thing at a time, kyle. 
 Let me worry about you, then i will deal with marsden. 
 So you want me to start packing? 
 Yeah, kyle! 
 Aren't you hearing me? 
 [Diana]: He committed suicide? 
 I know that max was under a lot of strain, but... 
 he had  all those people's lives in his hands. 
 Maia's... 
 i know,  but dr. 
 Pinero's been hudson's number two  from the very beginning. 
 He knows everything that hudson knew. 
 We're still going to beat this thing. 
 Good morning, tom. 
 Nina. 
 Here. 
 I grabbed this out of your mail cubby. 
 Did you hear about hudson? 
 Yeah. 
 You okay? 
 They're calling it a suicide. 
 What are you calling it? 
 Tom, look at this. 
 It's from max. 
 "Firewall memo."  What is that? 
 I don't know. 
 Why are you doing this, isabelle? 
 Mommy needs to know. 
 I brought you here so we could be safe. 
 Don't you want that? 
 [Pounding on door]  Lily, what's going on out here? 
 You okay? 
 No. 
 Go away! 
 I told you not to come here! 
 That's why i'm here. 
 Lily, please, let me in. 
 How do i know you're real? 
 What are you talking about? 
 Of course i'm real. 
 Did carol leave you? 
 Why would she leave me? 
 Lily, i'm coming in, okay? 
 No. 
 No! 
 No! 
 Lily... 
 whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 
 Lily... 
 put down the knife. 
 Please. 
 I just came to check on you guys,  make sure you were okay. 
 Look, it's me. 
 Brian. 
 Put the knife down. 
 Lily, we're all going to die. 
 Is that what you want? 
 No! 
 Stop it, isabelle! 
 Lily, i heard screaming. 
 What is going on? 
 Brian... 
 if you're real, you've got to get me out. 
 Isabelle doesn't want to be here. 
 Firewall... 
 it's a program, a safety net. 
 That's how you keep viruses  off your hard drive. 
 Okay, did you ever see a memo  with the word "firewall" written in the subject line? 
 No, but i don't read most of the memos  that circulate around here anyway. 
 Look, how long are you guys  going to be working in here? 
 What, are they painting your offices? 
 We need a little privacy, okay? 
 Tom, this memo, whatever it is,  i doubt it ever went out on a general distribution,  and every copy probably went through the shredder  months ago. 
 So if there's no hard copy,  and if marco is the only one we even trust  to even talk about it with,  then we're at a dead end. 
 We could always march into ryland's office  and ask him about it. 
 [Marco]: The guy does know memos. 
 When he was working here,  i must have thrown away, like, 15 every day. 
 More like 20. 
 He liked to keep his keyboard burning. 
 Who, ryland? 
 Yeah. 
 He didn't type. 
 He used to call me in sometimes  when he froze up his computer. 
 Hunt-and-peck city. 
 Took him 10 minutes to type in an email address. 
 Ryland dictated everything to his secretary. 
 She had "l" level security clearance. 
 Look. 
 "D.r. /j.o."  Everything says "d.r. /j.o."  "D.r.," dennis ryland. 
 And "j.o." is jane orman. 
 She worked for him for 22 years. 
 Did she stay in seattle? 
 Say hi for me. 
 Lily. 
 You came back. 
 Are you all right? 
 [Lily]: I thought i was doing  the smart thing,  but isabelle... 
 what happened? 
 She just wanted to be with you, and this place... 
 i don't know. 
 Hey. 
 Did you miss daddy? 
 Yeah? 
 Well, he missed you. 
 Both of you. 
 Listen, i'm, uh... 
 i'm going to take off. 
 Brian... 
 thank you... 
 for everything. 
 Hey, uh... 
 do me a favor... 
 forget this address,  forget about all of us,  and i'll forget  you drove off with my wife  in the middle of the night. 
 Good luck, lil. 
 Hey, i've been calling you all day. 
 There's a guy here who thinks that isabelle... 
 excuse me. 
 Didn't anyone hear that car pull up... 
 is that her? 
 I think there's somebody here  who wants to meet you. 
 This is isabelle. 
 What are we supposed to say? 
 "You know that massive conspiracy  "to suppress the abilities  "of the 4400? 
 "We were just kind of hoping  you would fill us in on the particulars."  Yeah, "and don't be nervous,  "but we had to shake a government tail  on the way here to do it."  Yeah, sounds like a start. 
 Tom baldwin. 
 Long time, jane. 
 Do you remember my partner, diana skouris? 
 Of course. 
 Yeah. 
 
 
 
 Hi. 
 I always wondered who would show up. 
 I should have figured it'd be the two of you. 
 You're here about firewall, right? 
 ???? 
 The inhibitor hasn't been tested. 
 It is not ready. 
 [Ryland]: One of the 4400  is a serial killer  who was using, i don't know,  some kind of mind control  to get people to commit murder. 
 The inhibitor's ready. 
 This is wrong, dennis. 
 We are beyond right and wrong here! 
 There's no precedent for this. 
 Now, d.c.'s been advised of the operation. 
 It's been approved at the highest level. 
 There is nothing further to discuss, is there? 
 I am not doing this. 
 I took it home with me that night. 
 The next day, i put in my notice. 
 I mean, you have to understand,  for two decades,  i thought that dennis ryland was the finest man i ever met,  and after i read this, i couldn't work for him anymore. 
 I kept telling myself i should send it somewhere... 
 the newspapers, or... 
 i don't know... 
 but the names  that signed off on this... 
 i was just a secretary. 
 What could i do against those names? 
 It's all here. 
 Did you see the names? 
 When maia said,  "mommy's bosses are going to be punished,"  i had no idea she meant  all the way up the chain of command. 
 We can't go public yet. 
 What? 
 We can't go public yet. 
 Listen, the faster this gets exposed,  the better it is for maia, alana, shawn... 
 all of them. 
 No more secrets. 
 No more relying on the people who did this  to find a cure. 
 At the very least,  they're going to have to rescind  the quarantine order. 
 Diana, ryland's got something on me. 
 Ryland? 
 This entire memo is over his signature. 
 What could he possibly have over you? 
 He knows kyle killed jordan collier. 
 What? 
 That night on highland beach,  they put someone inside of him, or some program... 
 i don't know... 
 directing his actions,  and ryland has evidence. 
 I'm sorry, tom,  but i can't just sit on this! 
 Maia's getting sicker! 
 Just give me one hour, diana. 
 Just one hour. 
 Please. 
 Stop saying that. 
 It's not okay, kyle. 
 If i go through with this,  they're going to come after you,  and it doesn't matter  if you're in spain or siberia. 
 I know, but with all those lives at stake,  you have to do it. 
 Okay, i'm taking you to the airport. 
 Dad... 
 i'm not going anywhere. 
 This actually makes it easier. 
 I didn't know how i was going to tell you. 
 Tell me what? 
 I can't live like this anymore. 
 I can't live knowing that guy is in jail. 
 I go through every day  trying to pretend it's all normal,  but it's just a cover-up. 
 I can't let you do it, kyle. 
 Marsden shot at me. 
 He, uh... 
 he shot at other cops too. 
 Even if you confess, kyle, he is still going to jail. 
 You try to bury stuff like this, it changes you. 
 Look what it did to your boss. 
 Ryland used to be your friend. 
 It's over, dad. 
 No more lies. 
 I can't do it anymore. 
 I just can't do it. 
 Okay? 
 You can't stop me. 
 Okay? 
 Don't you do anything until i get back. 
 You hear me? 
 [Ryland]: This is the right thing,  the heroic thing,  and being a hero comes with some perks. 
 You tell me what i need to know,  i'll see that you're transferred  to a private quarantine facility  this afternoon. 
 You can walk the grounds,  you can choose your own meals... 
 what's wrong with that? 
 139 lebanon street. 
 That's where they told me to go. 
 The inhibitor  is piggybacking on glucose. 
 It enters the brain  through facilitated diffusion. 
 It's a binding protein. 
 That's how they did it... 
 i'll take your word for it. 
 But this serum  has pure promicin in it. 
 It can neutralize the charge. 
 The inhibitor won't be able to cross membranes anymore. 
 We can flush it out of their systems. 
 So once it's gone, the disease goes away? 
 Please. 
 Stop saying "disease."  For the last time, it's a side effect. 
 Remove the inhibitor, the immune system functions. 
 It'll happen virtually instantly. 
 So this substance.. 
 promicin. 
 It's what makes you people unique. 
 How did you get it out of my daughter? 
 She has trace amounts of it  in her bloodstream. 
 Before the inhibitor, you all did. 
 That's how they found it  in the first place... 
 but... 
 she's an infant. 
 I could only draw enough blood... 
 to make one shot. 
 If you can get that into quarantine,  one shot might be all you need. 
 Nina, where's ryland? 
 A 4400 gave up the seattle safe house. 
 They're on their way to take it down. 
 Excuse me. 
 Please don't shoot. 
 Dr. Burkhoff, why would we shoot you? 
 I have no idea,  but i'm feeling a little insecure right now. 
 I brought something for you. 
 Whatever you do, don't drop it. 
 Everybody in this house  is subject to quarantine and arrest  under emergency order 74. 
 You have five minutes to come out peacefully. 
 If not,  we'll come in and get you. 
 There's an army out there. 
 Ryland! 
 Call it off. 
 It's over. 
 Quarantine. 
 Everything. 
 Agent baldwin is obstructing justice. 
 Arrest him. 
 I don't think so, dennis. 
 ???? 
 Keep your weapon on him. 
 You're really willing to give up your son? 
 Kyle's turning himself in. 
 He can't live with the cover-up. 
 When i wrote that memo,  we had no idea where the 4400 were from  or why they were brought back. 
 Dr. 
 Hudson gave me information. 
 I acted on it, tom. 
 If you were in my chair, you'd have done the same thing. 
 Hi. 
 I've got some medicine for you. 
 To be honest with you,  i'd rather be giving this to maia,  but a crazy neuroscientist told me  that that was not the right thing to do,  so if you don't mind holding still  for a minute... 
 you saw orson bailey up close and personal. 
 Oliver knox. 
 You know what these people were capable of. 
 Hell, i attached your reports to the memo  when i sent it to d.c. 
 But we learned better, dennis. 
 Highland beach? 
 "Save the future?"  Heartfelt message, tom,  and while they were giving it to you,  they were programming your son  to commit murder. 
 Does that sound to you  like they were guiding us toward eden? 
 I don't know,  but i sure as hell  don't want to go where you're taking me. 
 Goddammit, tom! 
 What does it even mean, "save the future?"  Save the future how? 
 Kill us all? 
 Start over with a smaller,  more evolved population? 
 Is that an outcome you can live with? 
 What can you live with, dennis? 
 Was max hudson really a suicide,  or did you pull that little string too? 
 And what about me, dennis? 
 Because if you're holding on to any hope  of keeping this covered up,  you're going to have to start by putting me in the ground  right here and right now. 
 [Ryland]: tom, you're reducing the fate of the planet  to a question of your personal faith. 
 Without the inhibitor program,  who the hell knows what'll happen? 
 Who the hell ever knows? 
 Very wise. 
 Pithy. 
 But if the world turns out to be a place  of unchecked 4400 abilities,  i hope we don't live to regret it. 
 Stand down! 
 We're done here. 
 You can all go home now. 
 Thomas. 
 Alana. 
 Alana. 
 What happened here? 
 A miracle. 
 Welcome home, baby. 
 Home... 
 i never even unpacked. 
 We'll take care of that right now. 
 Where's kyle? 
 I can't wait to see him. 
 Yeah, i told him you were coming home. 
 Hey, kyle! 
 We're back! 
 Hey, kyle. 
 Man, i never thought  i was going to see you again. 
 You're okay, right? 
 I feel like i did 15 keg stands last night,  but yeah, pretty much. 
 We all are. 
 Dr. 
 Burkhoff took blood samples  from the people that i healed. 
 Every sample he gets cures someone else, so... 
 hey, you guys kind of lucked out, huh? 
 "Lucked out?"  There's 23 of us dead,  and they don't even have a final count yet. 
 I don't think that was part of the plan,  you know? 
 That's not why they brought us back. 
 This whole idea  that there's some kind of plan... 
 i don't know. 
 I wish i could believe that. 
 Just trust me when i say  that there's a plan, it's important,  and every 4400 is a part of it. 
 Shawn... 
 i killed jordan collier. 
 [Softly]: What? 
 I bought a rifle,  i went up on that roof, took out two government agents,  and then i shot him. 
 Remember when i was in trouble? 
 Losing chunks of time? 
 That's what i was doing. 
 Planning out an assassination. 
 Why? 
 You think i know? 
 There's something inside me, shawn... 
 or someone. 
 It takes over. 
 Those people who took you? 
 If they have a plan,  it includes me killing jordan collier. 
 That's not true, kyle! 
 Then why did they make me do it? 
 Why did they ruin my life? 
 I'm about to go to prison  for the people you worship. 
 You murdered jordan? 
 I didn't mean... 
 i didn't even know what i was doing, shawn. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 Kyle... 
 Stop... 
 shawn... 
 what are you doing? 
 Stop it. 
 You're killing me. 
 Shawn... 
 i'm freeing you. 
 Freeing. 
 Freeing... 
 just hold on. 
 It's working. 
 Hold on. 
 I'm going to get it out of you. 
 Just hold on. 
 Hold on, kyle. 
 It's working. 
 [Marco]: You really didn't have to do this,  you know. 
 Actually... 
 i really think i needed to. 
 What? 
 Well, you're supposed to say, "i wanted to."  Yeah. 
 Don't push your luck. 
 Whoa. 
 uh, looks like they're talking  about charging these people with murder. 
 Ryland. 
 The whole crew. 
 Looks like mommy's going to get  a whole bunch of new bosses. 
 Well, i hope they go away for a very long time. 
 I'll be in the front row at the hearings. 
 Guess i have to buy a suit. 
 I'm going to be sitting next to you  until the whole thing is over. 
 Nothing's over. 
 It's just starting. 
 Sweetie, what are you talking about? 
 What's starting? 
 The war. 
 Kyle... 
 i'm ready. 
 Are you sure? 
 Yeah. 
 I'll come with you. 
 * don't close your eyes *  * don't close your eyes *  * this is your life *  * are you who you want to be? 
 *  * this is your life *  * is it everything you dreamed that it would be? 
 *  * when the world was younger *  * and you had everything to lose *  * yesterday is a kid in the corner *  * yesterday is dead and over *  * and this is your life *  * are you who you want to be? 
 *  * this is your life *  * is it everything you dreamed that it would be? 
 *  * when the world was younger *  * and you had everything to lose *  [lily]: Isabelle? 
 Isabelle? 
 * don't close your eyes *  isabelle? 
 * don't close your eyes *  * don't close your eyes *  * this is your life *  hello, shawn. 
 I'm isabelle. 
 * this is your life *  * are you who you want to be? 
 *  * this is your life *  * are you who you want to be? 
 *  * this is your life *  * is it everything you dreamed that it would be? 
 *  * when the world was younger *  * and you had everything to lose... ** 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 