Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - The Fifth Page - The 4400 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - The Fifth Page https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=928&t=36366 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/27/20 06:37 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - The Fifth Page 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 La Cinquième Page 
(2x12: The Fifth Page) 
 Written by CRAIG SWEENY & IRA STEVEN BEHR 
Directed by SCOTT PETERS 
 **Previously on The 4400** 
 When Tom first meets Diana. 
 Ryland: This is where I give you the speech about how you’re my best field scientist, and Tom is my best lead investigator, and how together you’re gonna make a good team. 
 Tom’s home, around the dinner table, after meeting Alana. 
 Kyle : Let me see if I’ve got this straight: you two met, fell in love, and spent eight years together in some kind of alternate reality. 
Tom: Yeah. 
 Tom to Alana, as she prepares to take Kyle abroad 
 Tom: What time is the flight? 
Alana: Uh, noon. 
Kyle: Say goodbye to Mom for me. 
 Diana to Tom at the bus terminal 
 Diana: They arrested a suspect forty minutes ago. Claim he’s our guy. 
 In a car garage. 
 Nina: Roy Keith Marsden. 
 In Tom's office; to Alana on the phone 
 Tom: Forget about the flight. Bring Kyle home. They just arrested a suspect in the Collier killing. 
 In Shawn's office; to Olivia who is blind 
 Shawn: It’s gonna feel a little weird, but when we’re done, you’ll be able to see again. 
Olivia: When does it start? When do I see again? 
 Shawn has lost the ability to heal. 
 Shawn: Just give me one moment, okay? 
 At the Abendson Mental Facility. 
 Tess: Kevin’s a genius, you know. 
 A scene after Kevin attacks Tom when he and Diana take Tess from the facility. 
 Tom: You’re saying that Burkhoff is the father of the 4400 technology. 
 Kevin to Dr. Clayton 
 Kevin: I can think again, too. 
 In Diana's home; to Maia 
 Diana: You’ve got a real fever, young lady.  
 In the NTAC Medical. 
 Diana to Dr. Hudson, referring to Maia’s rash 
 Diana: I’ve worked at the CDC for seven years, and I never saw anything like it. 
 Lily to Richard in their apartment 
 Lily: I was changing her. She has these marks on her skin. 
Richard: Marks? Bruises? 
Lily: No. Like irritations. Like someone had her hooked up to something. 
 Nina to the rioting male agents 
 Nina: What did I just tell you? 
 Park shoots her. 
 After the situation ends, to Tom as she is placed in an ambulance 
 Nina: You’re in charge until I’m relieved. Whatever manpower is still up walking, start picking up the pieces. 
Tom: I’ll handle it. Don’t worry about it. 
 Opening scene: Tom’s home. 
 Moving boxes, Tom to Kyle 
 Tom: Okay. Seriously. My back is about to call it a day. Okay? Just come on. 
Kyle: You’re not helping. 
Tom: Where’s this going?  
 Alana moves to help. 
 Alana: Right there. 
 Alana is Putting down the box, laughing. 
 Tom: Please say that was the last box. 
Alana: That’s it. 
 Tom is breathless. 
 Tom: Okay. 
Alana: We’re officially living in sin. 
Tom: Oh, really. Well, I prefer to call it: “resuming our eight-year marriage.”   
 He kisses her. 
 Kyle: Call it whatever you want, just don’t kiss in front of me again, okay? That’s disgusting. 
 He breaks into a smile. 
 Alana: Oh, your father thinks this is so romantic, but what he doesn’t know is the reason I’m moving in is to take down his tacky golf stuff. 
Tom: What? And replace it with what? Oh, oh! Paint splatters? Maybe a picture of a triangle that sells for three grand? 
Kyle: Kids! 
Alana: It’s art. 
Kyle: Kids!  Work out these decorating issues amongst yourselves. But I’m dead serious about this kissing rule, okay? It’s non-negotiable. 
 Tom kisses her, and they both laugh. 
 Alana: Oh, Kyle, my allergies are bothering me again. Could you write me another prescription before you go? 
Tom: Uh, Alana. Kyle’s only a doctor in the world you created for me, remember? 
 Alana double-takes. 
 Alana: I’m sorry. Ah! I had a brain freeze. 
 She laughs it off. 
 Alana: Right. 
 She leaves. 
 Scene change: hospital room. 
 Diana tries to decipher Maia’s medical writeup. 
 Hudson: Trying to decipher my handwriting? 
Diana: I was just on the verge of giving up, actually. 
Hudson: Good. Bad penmanship is the best way for a doctor to keep his mystique.  
 He takes the paperwork from Diana. 
 Diana: There’s a page missing in there. It goes from page four to page six. 
Hudson: Sorry. I’m breaking in a new nurse.   
 Diana murmurs. 
 Dr Hudson: So, listen. I think we finally know what’s wrong with your daughter. Maia’s suffering from a type of pneumonia called pneumocystis jiroveci; it’s “PJP” for short. 
Diana: I’ve never heard of it. 
Hudson: It’s rare, but we can treat it. 
 Diana is relieved. 
 Diana: Well, thank God! 
Hudson: But this kind of pneumonia could be a symptom for something more serious. Now, we’ve tested her for every virus: all negative. 
Diana: So, where is it coming from? 
Hudson: We don’t know, but we’re running more tests. We’ll figure it out. 
 Scene change: 4400 Center. 
 Shawn to Lily 
 Shawn: It’s not that big of a deal. You know. I’ve just—I’ve been working real hard lately. I think I got the flue or something.  Everybody gets that, right? 
Lily: Sure. It’s just—Shawn—you can’t heal. 
Shawn: For now. 
Lily: I think you should get it checked out. 
Shawn: If I can’t kick it in a day or two, I will. But—uh—until then, can you reschedule all my foundation appointments?  Tell them that it’s temporary. 
 Lily murmurs. 
 Shawn: Make sure they know that.  
 As she starts to leave 
 Shawn: Lily, don’t tell anyone I can’t heal. 
 Lily: Sure.  
 She starts to leave. 
 Shawn: Thank you.  
 Pause.   
 Shawn: Lily, I mean it. Nobody.  
 After she exits, he rises. 
 Shawn: Oh, God! 
 He examines himself in a mirror. He is covered with the rash. 
 Shawn: Ah! 
 Scene change: San Antonio, Texas. 
 Rose Woodard [disappeared December 1, 1991] examines her arm with the same rash. 
 Utica, New York: Matthew Lombard, a homeless man [disappeared May 30, 1977], coughs as he sits on a street. 
 Frankfurt, Germany: Werner Loecher [disappeared April 19, 1973] is wheeled into an ambulance. 
 Scene change: NTAC. 
 looking at a screen in the operations room showing a depiction of hundreds of people becoming sick. 
 Tom: How many are sick? 
Marco: Three hundred—that we know of. Medical says more calls keep coming in. 
Tom: So, what is it? 
Diana: Well, it’s some kind of immune system disorder, and it’s leaving the 4400 vulnerable to all kinds of diseases. 
 
 
 
 Scene change: NTAC helipad. 
 Agent to a female agent 
 Agent: His plane landed at Seatac on schedule. Chopper should be here any minute. 
 He takes a folder from her; he looks at a Styrofoam cup. 
 Agent: What’s that? 
Woman: They told me he likes green tea. 
 In the operations room. 
 Tom: Is it contagious? 
Diana: We don’t know. 
Marco: Were they infected while they were gone? Maybe they brought this back with them. 
Diana: Well, maybe, we just don’t know. 
 Agent to Ryland 
 Agent: The situation is fluid.  
 Agent hands Ryland a folder. 
 Agent: But here’s a summary of what we know so far. 
Woman: Uh, sir?   
 She hands Ryland the green tea. 
 Woman: They told me you’d want this. 
 Diana: The numbers just keep getting bigger. 
Marco: So, we’re recovering from an attack on this building, the Division commander’s still in the hospital, what are we supposed to do? 
 Ryland addressing the room 
 Ryland: We take to the field. 
Garrity: Ryland? Where did he come from? 
Ryland: We’re gonna have every 4400 in this jurisdiction tested for this sickness by day’s end. 
Tom: Dennis! Is it good to see you! 
 Ryland shaking his hand. 
 Ryland: Tom. Diana. 
Diana: What brings you to Seattle, Ryland? 
Ryland: I’m assuming temporary command of this division. My orders are to do something about the spread of this epidemic. I’m gonna figure out a way to do just that. 
 In Nina’s office, referring to Nina’s nameplate. 
 Tom: You might want to move that, unless you want people calling you “Nina.” 
 Tom picks up the nameplate. 
 Ryland chuckles. 
 Ryland: How’s Jarvis doing? 
Tom: They set her collarbone. Doctors said she should be back in two weeks. 
Ryland: My guess: she makes it in one. 
 Tom sitting down. 
 Tom: Yeah. So, how’s DC? 
Ryland: Oh, it’s a lot of networking. Lots of dinner parties. Patty loves it. 
Tom: And you? 
Ryland: Well, the Pacific Northwest is the flashpoint. I kind of feel like I was promoted out of the game. 
Tom: A lot of guys here would trade places with you. 
Ryland: I wouldn’t blame them. A woman releases plague into the air; a terrorist attack on the building: some people I work for think you’re in the middle of a war. 
Tom: I’m sure it looks that way on paper. 
Ryland: Well, don’t get defensive. I’m still preaching the gospel of Highland Beach. I still believe the 4400 came back here to change things for the better. 
Tom: Yeah. And the people you work for? 
Ryland: Don’t worry about them. One day, this’ll be over. We’ll go out for a beer. We’ll kick back. We’ll trade war stories. 
Tom: Yeah. 
 Scene change: 4400 Center; Daycare Facility. 
 Ruth to Richard and Lily, referring to Isabelle 
 Ruth: She was a little cranky this morning. I think she’s cutting another tooth. 
Lily: They come in fast, huh. 
Ruth: She’s at that age. 
Lily: Bye-bye, Sweetie. 
Ruth: We’ll see you tomorrow. 
Richard: Thank you, Ruth. 
 Ruth leaves. 
 Lily checks Isabelle for a rash. 
 Richard: Lily, what are you doing? I thought we agreed nobody was doing science experiments on our baby. 
Lily: Just making sure. 
 Scene change: in Shawn’s office. 
 Matthew entering. 
 Matthew: Shawn, we need to rearrange your healing schedule. There’s something going on: some sort of illness spreading among the 4400. 
 Shawn feeling and looking very ill. 
 Shawn: I know all about it. 
 Scene change: at home, Kyle reads about Marsden’s home being vandalized in the paper. 
 He visits the home. Alison exits and sees the flat tires on her car. 
 Alison to Kyle 
 Alison: You. Did you do this? 
Kyle: No, no. It wasn’t me. 
Alison: Then what are you doing here? 
Kyle: I read about this place in the paper. I just—I was curious. 
Alison: Yeah, well be curious somewhere else, because people still live here, okay?  
 She kneels down next to her car. 
 Kyle: Need some help? 
Alison: What, are you a mechanic now? 
Kyle: Well, I can change a tire. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 