Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x01 - Pilot - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x01 - Pilot https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=26349 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/01/16 03:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x01 - Pilot 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [intense music] 
 [indistinct chattering] 
 [music continues] 
 [gunshots] 
 [engine revving] 
 [grunts] 
 [gunfire] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 [music continues] 
 [grunts] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 [applauding] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 When the FBI sent me here two years ago the Quantou were growing in strength. 
 Now you're crippling them financially. 
 [applauding] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 Sorry. Family squabble? 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 The usual. 
 You know he hates it when you use English, Kim. 
 That's why I'm doing it. 
 Thomas :  If she wanted a change of pace  you could put her on that museum team. 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 Thomas :  Your brother's assigning officers to escort  a collection of terracotta soldier statues to Los Angeles for a museum tour. 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 Who wants to go to Los Angeles? 
 [instrumental music] 
 ♪ Call me Mister Pitiful ♪ 
♪ Baby, that's my name now ♪ 
♪ Oh ♪ 
♪ They call me Mister Pitiful ♪♪ 
 Hey, what's going on, man? 
 Como estas,  man, how you been? 
 Good talk, Carlos. So where's the merchandise? 
 I'm ready to do some shopping. 
 Here we go. 
 Here's the gun I told you about. 
 Woo, this is nice. 
 Is this from the future? 
 Did you get this off a Storm Trooper? 
 Bang! Aah! Scared your ass. 
 You were scared, you were scared. 
 Don't even act like you wasn't. Let's talk money. 
 [siren blares] 
 Easy, easy, I got this. 
 I got this, chill out. 
 What's goin' on, gentlemen? 
 You know what, we're actually okay. 
 Y'all can go on 'bout your business. 
 Get on the ground. 
 [gunshots] 
 Don't shoot, I'm a cop. 
 [gunshots continue] 
 [instrumental music] 
 Put it down, put it down, right now, get him. 
 Cuff him. 
 Carlos! Shut it down. 
 Shut it down and step outside. 
 Carlos, I'm not playing with you. 
 What? 
 What, don't let me. 
 Shut it down before I put a bullet in your ass. 
 Carlos :  You shoot me, we both die. 
 Look down! 
 ♪ Don't believe me, just watch ♪ 
 Get some of this. 
 Like that? 
 Shut up. 
 Now you like it. 
 That's the most fun I've had in years, I love it. 
 So, you think it's funny? You think it's real funny? 
 You think it's a... 
 [screaming] 
 Oh, man, my leg! Aa-a-ah! 
 ♪ Uptown funk you up ♪ 
♪ Uptown funk you up ♪ 
 Adios, amigo! 
 ♪ Uptown funk you up ♪ 
♪ Come on ♪ 
♪ Uptown funk you up ♪♪ 
 [groans] 
 [screaming] 
 Oh! 
 That's right. 
 Crazy weather we have. It's rainin' black people. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, whatever. 
 Keep that. 
 No! 
 Okay. 
 So, how do you wanna do this? 
 Would you like to go first? 
 I realize that report looks bad... 
 I'll go first. 
 You crashed a helicopter into the home of an LA City councilman. 
 Captain, I had it under control until those patrol cops got in my way. 
 It's always someone else's fault, isn't it? 
 Is that why you insist on working alone? 
 Alright, Carter... I honestly don't know how many times I have let you talk your way out of something like this. 
 I've definitely lost count myself. 
 I-I don't know how I could save you this time. 
 Even if I wanted to. 
 Captain, come on. 
 You're on a desk until further notice. 
 [instrumental music] 
 [hip hop song playing] 
 [door buzzes] 
 [door whirring open] 
 [music continues] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 [sighs] 
 Welcome to Los Angeles. 
 Have we arrived late? 
 I was told  we  would load the trucks  then call for police escort. 
 You're all Asian. 
 Chinese, actually! 
 [gunshots] 
 [music continues] 
 [music continues] 
 [telephone rings] 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 [song continues] 
 [clattering] 
 A ransom demand of 200 million US dollars was made for the return of the statues. 
 If the FBI does not make quick progress I will send you to Los Angeles to facilitate the payment. 
 [speaking in Mandarin] 
 Seriously, you couldn't find a black GI Joe? 
 This is a brown mark on a white guy. 
 Now, that's just lazy. 
 Hey, Didi! Did you see this? 
 A bunch of gunmen killed six Chinese cops steal some old statues, put the dead cops back in the plane and torched the thing. 
 Carter, why are you reading the airport case file when you are not allowed to go anywhere near a case? 
 I like to read. 
 Yeah, right. 
 Also, see those two, very, very white guys? 
 I guarantee they're here about this. 
 And I bet they came to ask for my help. 
 Oh, Carter? A word. 
 No way. 
 If you like, you could watch me as I walk away. 
 Huh? 
 I'll pass. 
 Admit it, you miss being my partner. 
 Carter, this is Agent Murray and Agent Weiss. 
 They're here regarding... 
 The airport heist. 
 I'm way ahead of you, already read the reports. 
 The crime took place on US soil so we're not obligated to include the Chinese in our investigation. 
 But as a courtesy, the bureau is allowing a detective from Hong Kong to... consult. 
 We don't have time to look after a Chinese cop. 
 But you do. 
 Okay, I'm gonna stop you. 
 'Cause it almost sounds like you're asking me to babysit. 
 I hope you hate it. 
 Hey, man, I'm supposed to be meeting some Chinese cop from Hong Kong. 
 I'm Carter. 
 Carter? 
 Detective Carter. 
 Carter. 
 Do you just love my name or do you not understand a word I'm saying? 
 It's not right, that they stuck you with that clown. 
 Thanks, man. 
 Was talking to the Chinese guy. 
 I hate that guy. 
 Come on. 
 Come on. 
 Carter :  Can't believe I have to babysit some dude that doesn't speak English. 
 I got a plan, I'm gonna solve this case get back on Cole's good side. 
 Carter, you are gonna get your butt fired. 
 Hey, Lee, it's a good plan, right? 
 He didn't answer, but I can tell he think it's a good plan. 
 Alright, I gotta make a stop. 
 Okay, you just wait in the car. 
 Hey, no, hey, just stay. 
 No, go-y! 
 Thanks for listening. 
 [indistinct chattering] 
 Check y'all out. 
 Guns on the table, drinking forties, just hanging out perpetuating negative stereotypes. 
 Let's not. 
 What the hell you want, Carter? 
 Let's go talk. 
 I ain't goin' nowhere. 
 Or I could arrest you and all your friends for the drugs on the table and we could go talk down at the station. 
 sh1t. 
 Come on. 
 [club music] 
 Good for you. 
 Makin' a smart decision before I had to knock your ugly behind out in front of your friends. 
 What's up, cuz? 
 What's up. Hey! 
 Look at you, man, looking like a hobby with a gun. 
 Uh, you looking like a black Ninja Turtle. 
 Man, how grandma doing? 
 Oh, you know she good. 
 Oh, besides the thing on her foot. 
 I saw that, that's nasty. Is that... Did I feel a new gun? 
 Did you? 
 [gunshots] 
 [grunts] 
 ♪ Everyday ♪ 
 [screams] 
 [groans] 
 [rock song playing] 
 [laughs] 
 [groans] 
 [grunts] 
 [glass shatters] 
 [gunshot] 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah! 
 Ooh, nice. 
 This is unacceptable. 
 It's cool, I was just... 
 You speak English? 
 Okay, relax. Gerald is my cousin. 
 And that act we do is just so his people don't know we're connected. 
 How you doing? Nice to meet you. 
 No. 
 That was rude as hell. 
 Alright, and what are you doing? 
 You're not even supposed to speak English. 
 I never said I don't speak English. 
 I let people talk who like to talk. 
 Makes it easier to find out how full of crap they are. 
 Oh, burn! Ha ha. 
 Shut up. 
 I was told a competent officer would assist me... 
 I assist no one, alright? 
 And you're not even a part of this investigation. 
 I was sent here on behalf of the Chinese Government. 
 If the Feds wanted your help, why did they stick you with a cop from the LAPD? 
 You give me your intel from the Chinese side and maybe I let you work with me. 
 That sounds fair. 
 I can do this alone. 
 Okay, you wanna work alone, yeah. 
 But I'm sure you'll be fine, I mean, you know the city pretty well, right? 
 Yes, Gerald is a low-life criminal. 
 But he gives me information that  helps me take down real criminals. 
 I do not like this. 
 Whoever did this is stone-cold. 
 Yes, this is a big job and they did it fast. 
 Perps got on to the runway by knocking out the security guard and locking him in his trunk. 
 At the hospital, the guard said they looked like legit LAPD officers. 
 Now, getting cop uniforms is easy. 
 It's tougher to get legit looking police cars. 
 But I know someone who once used a fake cop car shaking down drug dealers for cash. 
 I never heard of that story before. 
 Okay, I didn't wanna have to do this. 
 Do what? 
 I'm telling grandma you skipped church last Sunday. 
 Call her. 
 I'm about to call her. 
 I don't care. 
 She number one on speed dial. 
 Go ahead. 
 Send! 
 No, stop! I'll tell you. 
 Why you always gotta call grandma, man? 
 Alright... I know a few guys who do jobs like this. 
 Hey, Gerald, been a big help for real. 
 When I have the authority to do so. 
 I will come back and arrest you. 
 What? I don't like him. He's mean. 
 Hey, you're supposed to say something nice. 
 What is wrong with you? 
 Gerald always comes through. Know that. 
 Yeah, this is a wonderful use of our time. 
 Was that sarcasm, Lee, doesn't suit you. 
 Looks like this is the place. 
 [flies buzzing] 
 Professional hit. 
 One shot, back of the head. Best way to keep someone from talking. And without a forensic team to sweep this room... it gets us nowhere. I'm gonna teach you a little something about relationships in America. Behind every man who's got himself in trouble there's a woman who cannot wait to say... I knew it. I tried to tell him. Don't get mixed up with bad people. Especially like that broke no-good son of a bitch Dicky! Do you have a last name on that broke no-good son of a bitch? ♪ Good rhythm really don't care ♪ 
♪ I can take the elevator you can take the stairs ♪ 
♪ Good rhythm killin' my time ♪ 
♪ A little bit of luxury I really don't mind ♪ Is that... Dicky Sterling. Security guard who got beat up and thrown in the trunk. Do I know you? Yeah. Look, man. I already told the Feds, I didn't see a thing. Those guys beat the crap out of me. Locked me in the trunk of my car. Yeah, yeah, I know, it just seems a little weird that the security guard that got roughed up by bad guys in fake cop cars, has a buddy known to sell fake cop cars. You think that's weird, Lee? It is peculiar. Now, get in the car. Unless I'm under arrest, you can get the hell out of here. Well, alright, Conan O'Brien. ♪ Good rhythm really don't care ♪♪ Yea-a-ah! Wow. What? This is not remotely ethical. Sure it is. Hey, man! We had to cramp you home. You good? You're gonna pay for this! We'll give him another second. ♪ Ta da da ta da da ♪ [clicks tongue] ♪ He's in a trunk ♪♪ This is illegal, man. You can go to jail for this. You lost those rights when you let bad guys on to the tarmac to shoot people and steal old statues. I wasn't involved. They almost killed me. Yeah, but they didn't. And only thing of value that you have  in is your flat screen. And I'm seriously considering having my cousin Gerald come by later to steal it, now talk! [crashes] Oh-ho! Oh, come on, man! I didn't mean for that to happen. These men were from Hong Kong like me, weren't they? Did any of them have this mark? They're Quantou, you're a loose end. They will find you and they will kill you. Just like they killed your friend Nick. And my sister. Lee... is that for real? She was one of the officers on the plane. They said they were robbing a plane. I didn't know they were gonna kill anybody. How did they contact you? Where did you meet? There's this restaurant in Chinatown supposed to have the best noodles in the city. It's got this smokin' hot ass hostess. It's called, uh... [gunshots] [instrumental music] ♪ Nothing here to see just a kid like me ♪ 
♪ Trying to cut some teeth trying to figure it out ♪ 
♪ Nothing better to do when I'm stuck on you ♪ 
♪ I'm still in here trying to figure it out ♪ [tires screeching] ♪ I'll let it go cause I won't see you later ♪ 
♪ And we're not allowed to talk it out ♪ 
♪ I said I'd go put myself on show ♪ 
♪ But I'm still trying to figure it out ♪ 
♪ I broke my shoe tripped and fell on you ♪ 
♪ But you didn't know I planned it out ♪ 
♪ I said I'd go yeah I won't see you later ♪ 
♪ And we're not allowed to figure it out ♪ [grunts] [gunshots] [engine revving] Carter :  Lee! ♪ Nothing here to see just a kid like me ♪ Go home, brother. ♪ Trying to figure it out ♪♪ Lee, I'm coming. [engine revving] Carter :  Didi is a good friend. She loves when I stop by. Lee, I'm only making food for you, okay? Now, if you wanna share with that jackass, it's your call! I'll think about it. Look. I know you've had a heavy week, man. You hear your sister was killed, you come half way around the world to find out she's alive and runnin' with some bad people. For what it's worth, I'm glad came as it did. But at least, now you get it. You don't want Kim goin' to jail anymore than I want Gerald locked up. Kim has betrayed her country and her family. She must go to jail. That's cold, man. Are you a robot? I won't tell anyone if you are. Are you a Chinese robot from the future? No. Didi, uh... I grabbed this shell casin' from the gun that killed Sterling. I'm not really in a position to use department's resources right now. No, you're not. Think you get the ballistics on this for me? Thanks, Didi. Uncle Carter's here. Uncle Carter's here. Hey, Hey. Hey, that's right! How's my little man? Killin' it. You're killin' it. Hey, Lee, tell Didi about the congpou. Quantou. Yeah. Same thing. So how did Kim fall in with them? I don't know. She always felt I was holding her back but this was such a foolish choice. Kim was a great officer. I should have let her do more. Why didn't you? Our father was a cop. He was tough. All about rules and order. Mom was more of a free spirit like Kim. She made him human. They died in a car accident. Kim was just fifteen. And I had to be more than just a brother. I only wanted to protect her. You and Carter, both worry so much about the people in your life. I used to be his partner. And everybody thinks that he dumped me and got me stuck on a desk but the truth is once I had Derek I didn't wanna be on the street anymore. But if I asked out, ugh... the other cops would never let me hear the end of it. So... Carter took the heat. You know, he doesn't have many people in his life. But he really protects the ones that he has. Like you with Kim. You and Carter are a lot alike. I consider that the greatest insult of my life. I get that. Lee, we gotta go. We gotta go. Captain wants to know what we've been up to, alright? So no matter what, we have not been involved in this investigation, cool? But we have been very involved. Look, I can get in serious trouble. Just lie, alright? Absolutely not! Just say as little as you can. She picks up on everythin'. She? Guess female police chiefs aren't real common in China, huh? Just remember that in the US, a woman of power still strives to hold on to her femininity. So it's customary to compliment her body. Captain, this is Detective Lee. Detective Lee, I'm Lindsay Cole. Nice to meet you, captain. You have beautiful legs. Sorry, captain. You know what? We should go. I'll go talk to him. No, no, no. I-I'll take it as a compliment. You'd kill me if I said that. Yeah. Because you don't look like an Asian Orlando Bloom. Agent Murray called me about a security guard at the Burbank Airport who was killed. A Richard Sterling. I don't know anything about this guy. Come on, let's go. And my new friend? You don't know anything about the murder of Richard Sterling? [intense music] [mouthing] Please. Please... No. Bye. [door closes] 
 
 That's the first time I lied to a superior officer. You go walk that right off. No big thing at all. Thomas. If you are here, that means the FBI has not made substantial progress. [sighs] You are unfortunately correct. The Chinese Government's ready to pay the ransom and be done with it. We've learned that the Quantou were behind the heist. I have no hard evidence yet, but I won't stop until I do. Well, I can't get involved until you have something real, but if you get it... contact me and I'll back you up. Thank you, Thomas. Why didn't you tell that guy your sister's still alive? Kim is for me to deal with. You can't send her to jail, can you? It'd just be like me with Gerald. If the FBI pursues her, Kim can be killed. She must go to jail, but I don't want her dead. "I don't want her dead." That's the nicest thing I've ever heard you say. That's progress, Lee. Sterling said he met his contact at a restaurant in Chinatown. Someplace that has fantastic noodles. Yeah. And apparently a smokin' hot ass hostess. We find her, we find the Pai-Gow. The Quantou. The same thing. Carter : I don't understand how two blocks back that way we were in my country because now, damn! It's exactly like a Chinese market. Carter :  Come on, let's just find this noodle place. Uh. Excuse me? Do you know where I could find... Okay, excuse me? Do you know... No. Excuse me? Do you know where I can find a noodle pla... You just gonna keep on walkin'... I oughta knock you ass... Man, what's wrong with these people? You're in my town now. [speaking in Chinese] Hey, do you know where I could find a inside-out rabbit? Look at that. Carter. Hey, what's up? They're torn between their two favorite noodle stores. We have try both. Let's go. Hopefully, one of them will have a hot ass hostess. Hey, look at you. Man, it feels like we've been to every noodle place in Chinatown. Why do you talk so much? [indistinct chattering] This is it. I'm not sure. There are limited exits. Few places to run from enemies. On the other hand, turn your attention to the booty over there. Note the booty, Lee. The booty is noted. Just let me handle this. Hey! Hello. Uh, I'd like to check out some of your, uh, private rooms. I'm throwing a noodle theme bachelor party... [intense music] Carter! [gunshots] [screaming] Police, police, move! Get out! Get out! [screaming] [music continues] Ah! [grunting] Excuse me! Excuse me! Move! Move! Move! Move! [grunting] Kim! You don't have to do this. It's too late for me. Don't! Just kill him! [gunshot] Lee! Lee! Lee! Lee! [police radio chattering] A shot from that close and she just misses? She couldn't kill me. But she needed her boss to think that she had. When she fired, I reacted as I had to, for her. If she couldn't bring herself to shoot you, that means she's not all the way bad. Look, man, I think there may still be a chance for you to save her. And if there is, you have to try. Silence? You agree with me, don't you? You do? Yes! Hey, man, let me ask you, how scared were you when Chinese Eminem told Kim to shoot you? I have no use for fear, it is a distraction. I rode outside of a helicopter. Outside! You're not braver than me, man. Hey, Carter, Captain Cole wants you back at the station. And it gives me great pleasure to tell you... she's pissed. I hate you, Donovan. I'm glad. What an ass. [laughs] That's funny. Come on, let's go, man. Is there a single thing you can possibly say in your defense? And I should also mention that if I detect the slightest degree of insincerity or sarcasm in any word leaving your mouth, I will shoot you, then bring you back to life and shoot you again. We were following what we believe was a solid lead on the people that killed the Chinese cops and stole those... Okay, that's enough. Captain, this is my fault. I made Carter help me. Oh! Yes, right, because he's such a pushover. I get weak around Asian men. And this one's a dreamboat. Carter, you're done. Full suspension. And I know that you probably think that I take  some degree of pleasure in that, I don't. I wanted you to get back to work,  but you just... can't seem to stay out of your own way, can you? Detective Lee... your captain wants to speak to you. Sir, I respectfully request more time. I believe there still is a chance that we can... I'll return to Hong Kong right away. I understand. Lindsay :  I'm sorry, gentlemen, it's over. Hey! They weren't kiddin' about sending you home immediately, huh? Sure you don't wanna put that shaving-kit in your suitcase? This is my suitcase. I'm gonna miss these moments. Come on, man. Hey, for what it's worth, I didn't hate working with you. I didn't like it, but... I didn't hate it either. Anythin' you wanna say to me? Yes. You are illegally parked. Pretty funny, pretty funny. I'm the funny one though. Remember that. [cellphone ringing] Yo! Hey. So that bullet you had me take to ballistics, they just handed me the report. I think you can probably pass that information on to someone who's currently a police officer. Didi :  Are you sure? Because... who is your favorite chopper pilot/gun smuggler? Carlos. I'mma hit you back. Yo, get in the car. I gotta make a stop. I'm supposed to be getting on a plane. Man, get your ass in the car, Lee. I cannot violate a direct order from my captain. Was that the end of that sentence? I'm sorry, I thought you were about to add "so make sure not to tell anyone." Look. If you choose to fly back now, you'll make it back to Hong Kong with your code of honor all shining and intact. It's not an option, it's an order. But those Quantou punks will still be out there killing people. And you'll probably never see Kim again. Look, I know in your head it seems like this is just about you. It's not. If I could close this case out, I can prove myself to Cole and get back on the job. And I won't admit this to a lot of people but... this job is all I have. Now, I'm goin' all in to finish what we started. But I don't know if I can get that done without you. You do have a choice, Lee. You just have to be willin' to make it. You have corrupted my soul. Ya-a-a-ay! Well, I have been known to have that effect on people. [car horn honking] Hey, hey, hey. Hey. LAPD. Get your ass out of the way! Hi, Carlos. I don't know if you remember me. Kiss my ass, man. Look, I've had a bad day. And no one in here is gonna care if I take that out on you. We just have a few questions. You give me answers, maybe I can help you out. We have a shell casing from a murder scene. Fired from a rare type of firearm. Type of gun I haven't seen anywhere but in a stash of weapons I was about to get from you. You sell any of those guns to a Chinese gang? You said you can help me? Prove it. I don't trust you. [scoffs] Come on, man, have I ever lied to you? Aside from the time I pretended not to be a cop and bought a bunch of guns from you and shot you in your leg? Here. Call your cell. I'll leave a message. Can't believe I'm using my day time minutes on your goofy ass. This is Detective James Carter leaving a message for Carlos' attorney. If the information Carlos gives me pans out, I'll make sure it's considered as States' evidence. And I'll lobby to get him a reduced sentence. What are you doing? You shouldn't be asking for more trouble now. It's your sister, man. We need anything you can tell us. I delivered the guns to a mall. Right, so you, you gave the Quantou a bunch of automatic weapons and then you all hit the food court and got to Cinepolis. I didn't say it was a working mall. It's empty. Carter :  I don't know about you, but I don't see nothin' down here. Okay. Yeah, cool, you take the second floor, I'll keep watch down here. [intense music] [breathing heavily] I'm tired as hell, Lee. [grunting] This is the place. [cellphone ringing] Yeah. Don't let them pay the ransom. We found the statues, they are at an abandoned shopping mall. 2-7-5-3, Western Avenue. Outstanding. Are you there now? Yes. I'm on my way. I'm bringing the FBI, LAPD, just... wait for backup. Wait for backup. Gentlemen... we have a change of plan. You can stop counting? Stop counting? Are you sure? I am. [thudding] Let's go in. Wait, wait, wait. I wasn't eavesdroppin', but I think I just heard "wait for backup." Kim could be in here. I have to go. See, this is the real reason why I work alone. You get caught up in each other's emotional stuff, it just gets complicated. If you're scared and don't wanna come with me, I will understand. I see what you doin'. I see what you doin'. There's been a lot of talk about who's braver. It's all from you. Yeah. But if we're gonna do this, I think we can be honest and both admit that we're both scared. Okay. So you scared too. No, but it's okay that you are. You know what, if you're not scared at all, okay? Then going in there, that's no big deal for you. Me? I'm terrified! So goin' in there makes me incredibly brave! I'm so much braver than you! I'm sure you are right. It cannot be easy to act when terrified. Okay. I remember being scared once. As a small child, it was unpleasant. You don't make me feel bad about myself. Hurt my feelings. Hey, hey, hey, wait for me. Why you walkin' so fast? You still think you're braver than me, don't you? Just 'cause you walked your ass in here all quick and stuff? You ain't braver than me. I'm gonna show you. I'mma prove it to you. Those are the statues? What do they look like? Okay. Be careful not to touch them. The value of the statues is greater than you can comprehend. Yeah, yeah, y... [gasps] Uh... I respect that. Lee, Lee, Lee, Lee. [indistinct chattering] There goes blondie. I don't see Kim. [indistinct shouting] That might be bad. [speaking in Chinese] Why aren't they shootin' at us? Even men of character this low won't risk damaging the statues. They won't use guns. Only fists. [screaming] [grunting] It's time to fight dirty. [gunshots] [grunting] [intense music] [grunting] Lee, here! [music continues] Easy, Kim, cops will be here any second. My friend has tried to convince me that you still have a chance. I think he may be right. Hey, look, it's over, girl. Just ask your boss. He may not answer. Being dead and all. He was not my boss. Drop the gun. No. You drop the gun. Thomas, what are you doing? You never saw her real potential. Fortunately, I have an eye for talent. Get this done. This isn't you, Kim. This is not who you are. Who am I? I should have died. [speaking in Mandarin] No, you are not. I know my sister. You are brave, and you are strong. And you couldn't kill me. Well, luckily... I can. Ah! [grunting] Kim! [sighs] Are you okay? Negro, I have a bullet in me. Hell, no, I ain't okay. It stung at first. Adrenaline must be dropping. Holy crap, it hurts. Yeah, you'll be okay. You gotta admit, man. This was pretty brave. Took a bullet, tryin' to save you. You are indeed brave. I'm very impressed. Why are you covered in blood? I was shot. Why are you covered in blood in two places? Oh... shot twice. Well, clearly it's more painful to be shot once. Why do you keep doin' this to me? That's it, where's my gun? I'mma shoot me somethin' both of my thighs. Okay. Okay. Let's get outta here. Ah! Hey, do you think your sister date black guys? [instrumental music] Oh, my! Thanks, Didi! Carter. Yeah. [cheering] Oh, Detective Carter. Did you just call me detective? Do I have a job again? Yeah, I expect you back here tomorrow. Tomorrow? I got shot. Got six stiches. Very deep stiches. Uh-huh. Hey, what y'all talkin' about? I was just about to ask Lee how he's feeling. Uh, I'm okay. A little weak from the surgery. We get it! You got surgery. So when are you headed back to China? I have no family there to get back to. And Kim is here, and the Quantou is here. Fortunately, Captain Chen saw the benefit of having me transferred to Los Angeles, and Lindsay... Captain Cole has offered me a full time position working at the LAPD. Okay, look... you startin' to see the benefit of havin' a partner. I guess I won't be opposed... Now that I'm a detective, I just want you to know that I'm going to arrest your cousin Gerald. What? Hey, that's funny! Hey, Lee! Hey, don't do that. Hey, don't be that! Hey, hey, don't. My grandma gonna be mad! Don't do that! 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 