Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Captain Cole's Playlist - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Captain Cole's Playlist https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=26626 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/15/16 02:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Captain Cole's Playlist 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 (paint can clanks) 
 Ah! 
 (grunts) 
 What we have here is a crusader. 
 He believes in justice and goodness. 
 All those fairy tales. 
 We thank you for your service. 
 Here is your reward. 
 (screams) 
 (grunts) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hmm. 
 Go, go, go, go, go. 
 ♪ Click, clack, boom, here I come ♪ 
♪ Send you back to the womb where y'all from ♪ 
♪ Two fingers poking to the side of his face ♪ 
♪ Your arms is too short to swing with Space... ♪ 
 Come on, come on, come on. Save it! 
 Go. 
 ♪ Slap 'em, sock 'em, stab 'em shot 'em up for the gang ♪ 
♪ Sort of like a pinky, don't use my brain ♪ 
♪ Shoot 'em with the aim that I make 'em go dang ♪ 
♪ Say you wanna fight me ♪ 
♪ But winnin' ain't likely ♪ 
♪ I don't know where you're from ♪ 
♪ But homey, you should run ♪ 
♪ Say you wanna fight me ♪ 
♪ But winnin' ain't likely ♪ 
♪ I don't know where you're from ♪ 
 (gunshot) 
 ♪ Fight ♪ 
 (grunts) 
 ♪ Go! ♪ 
 He hopped the fence. I don't... 
 He can't be far. 
 So we lost him? 
 Yeah, maybe. 
 It's okay. 
 Ah! 
 (groans) 
 Find him. 
 Kill him. 
 (grunts) 
 (Cantonese pop song playing) 
 What the hell is that? 
 Lee, I let you operate the radio one time, and you do this to me? 
 I don't understand. It's a big hit in Hong Kong. 
 This song makes me want to drive this car off the nearest cliff. 
 It will grow on you. 
 It won't. 
 (shuts radio off) 
 Okay, Lee, here's what you gotta do tonight: you gotta go home and you gotta learn some American music. 
 I know all about American music. 
 What is that one I like? The, um... 
 That was a Cialis commercial. 
 It was very catchy. 
 (phone chimes) 
 Crazy. 
 Cole wants us back at the station ASAP. 
 Cole's in there with Eric Ginardi, the city's district attorney. 
 He only shows up if one of us is in trouble. 
 We gotta get our story straight. 
 What story? 
 Let's say he wonders what case I was working on last week when I went to Nude Nudes. 
 You were on duty at a strip bar? 
 Technically, it was on my own personal time. 
 But sometimes, "personal time" might accidentally end up on an expense report. 
 Occasionally, we have to gather intel one dollar bill at a time. 
 I'm disturbed that you see the city's top prosecutor and immediately assume you're in trouble. 
 It's a learned reflex. 
 Carter : Hey, Captain. 
 Assistant D.A. Adam Bertram didn't show up for court this morning. 
 Now, Bertram was in his office yesterday, business as usual, but now they think that he might be missing. 
 After just a few hours? 
 He isn't answering his phone. We had an intern swing by his loft, and his car is gone. 
 You know, in all the years that I have known Adam, he has never once missed a court date. 
 We'll go check out his loft. 
 Keep me in the loop on this, Detectives. 
 Officers talked to the other tenants. 
 Nobody saw Bertram leave the building. 
 He took his phone, his medications, and vanished. 
 All signs here point to a man who walked out on his life. 
 You buy that? 
 I am not sure yet. 
 I am. 
 Look how messy that bedroom is, but it's spotless out here. 
 Why would a man clean one area so well and then just let the rest go? 
 There was a rug here. 
 You can see where the floor is discolored. 
 Old-school body removal. 
 Wrap him up, take him away. 
 The floor does smell like it's recently been cleaned. 
 If you ask me, this man is dead. 
 Follow me. 
 You think Bertram was murdered? 
 That was a clean-up job. 
 A good one. Get S.I.D. here. 
 Have them go over every inch of that loft, looking for blood spatter. 
 Also, there was a rug missing and I'm pretty sure... 
 Carter, just... careful jumping to conclusions, here, okay? 
 I mean, all the information that I'm getting from Bertram's family and friends is that he was getting more withdrawn lately. 
 I mean, it sounds like he took on a case load ten people couldn't handle. 
 I know I'm right. 
 Lee's with me. 
 I think. 
 He just keeps staring at this building. 
 Do we have anything else? 
 A liquor store owner down the street said he saw a couple of guys chasing another into an alley last night. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (grunts) 
 What the hell? 
 He's so flexible. 
 (scoffs) 
 God... he's like a superhero. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 The signature on the graffiti is incomplete. 
 His supplies are still here, and the paint is new. 
 Whoever was painting this left in a panic. 
 There was a witness! 
 Yes! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ginardi : What am I looking at? 
 Security footage down the street from Bertram's loft. 
 A liquor store owner said he saw a few guys chase another man into an alley. 
 So we pulled the footage from an ATM and found this. 
 You think that this is Adam Bertram? 
 No, we believe this man is a street artist. 
 He left an unfinished painting and all of his supplies behind. 
 He also left a swatch of fabric across the street that roughly matches the jacket he's wearing. 
 We believe he's running for his life. 
 Why? 
 Because he saw Bertram get murdered. 
 Murder? Whoa, whoa, whoa... 
 Lindsay, you never said anything about murder. 
 Well, i-it's only a theory at this point and... 
 Carter, don't use the word "murder." 
 I read the initial police reports that gave the impression Adam had packed some belongings and simply left. 
 Carter : Or... someone packed his stuff for him after he was... 
 The thing. 
 What? You said you didn't want me to say the word. 
 Well, that couldn't have been a smaller improvement. 
 Look, I just suspect a professional cleanup here. 
 We'd like to see Bertram's entire case load. 
 I assume anyone he's pursuing would have reason to want to kill him. 
 Those files contain a lot of privileged information. 
 You could unravel countless cases. 
 Eric, uh, can I just have a couple seconds with my guys? 
 Look, I'll get you those files. 
 Ginardi's a pain in the ass. 
 But he carries more clout than you can imagine. 
 So, if you're gonna say the word "murder" in front of him, then you just better not screw it up. 
 I know what I saw. 
 Then prove it. 
 I'm in the process of contacting a valued source to see if he can help us trace the signature to the artist. 
 Good. 
 Don't let me down. 
 This valued source... please tell me it's not your cousin. 
 Gerald's a valuable source of information. 
 He is a dirty street criminal. 
 Gerald's never hurt anybody. 
 He is probably involved in a crime right now. 
 Hey, why is it that you two assume that I know, personally, every criminal in town? 
 Because you are a criminal and that's who you associate with. 
 That's very rude of you. 
 I don't know whoever painted that. 
 But I could put my ear to the street and see if anybody knows the guy. 
 But I would like a little more respect in the future from Lee. 
 A-And the rest of his tater tots. 
 Here, hungry hippo. 
 Hey. 
 I just added three years to your life. 
 Eat your food, get moving. 
 What? 
 I said tater tots and respect. 
 Say something you respect about him. 
 I respect nothing about him. 
 I respect your honesty. 
 (phone rings) 
 And you know what? In the future, me and you gonna get it together, Lee. 
 I promise you that. 
 Thanks for the tots, by the way. 
 Cole got Ginardi to release the case files. Let's go. 
 Adam is an amazing man. 
 Nobody worked harder. 
 There is talk of him being unstable. 
 No. 
 I mean, he had been a little distant lately. 
 He'd put in 18-hour days and work from home and have long stretches of time when nobody could find him, but that was just his level of dedication. 
 A man this dedicated wouldn't have just up and left. 
 He cared more than any of us. 
 I have to ask you, (phone chimes) because Mr. Bertram was a friend. 
 Do you think he's okay? 
 No, I don't. 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (indistinct radio transmission) 
 Adam Bertram, Assistant District Attorney. 
 We peg the time of death sometime last night. 
 Preliminary evidence indicates that he crashed through the barrier and drove straight into the water. 
 Probably died on impact. 
 No, he didn't. 
 He died on the floor of his loft. 
 The body was dumped here to make it look like it was an accident. 
 Hey, don't get mad at me, okay? Just telling you what the coroner's report's gonna say. 
 Also, there was no blood found in Bertram's loft. 
 We seem to be running into a lot of roadblocks. 
 Carter : Did we get the lab results from the street artist? 
 The DNA from the blood on the razor wire isn't in the system. 
 I mean, they're still running tests on his bag. 
 They found a strange dust all over it and some kind of animal fur. 
 And now we're still waiting to get more specific DNA, but it seems to be simian fecal matter. 
 Hear that, Carter? The captain put her ass on the line for you, and you literally have monkey crap. 
 (chuckles) Good work. 
 I'm not wrong about this, Didi. 
 I'm sorry. We have nothing else, Carter. 
 Listen, you guys don't have to go down on this ship with me. 
 What are you talking about? Oh, no. I'm all in. 
 Me, too. 
 We don't have nothing. 
 Monkey crap is something. 
 We just need something to click. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hey, yo, cuz. Hey, call me back when you get this message. 
 I think I might be onto something. 
 Excuse me. 
 You work this area all the time? 
 Yeah. 
 All right, you think you can tell me who made that painting or where I can find him? 
 Can't help you. 
 Oh, you don't want to snitch, huh? 
 Snitches get stitches. 
 Hey, just know that I'm from these areas, man, and whatever you say gonna stick between me and you, baby. 
 I wouldn't say nothin'. 
 Would it change your mind if I were to pay you for this information? 
 No. 
 Fair enough, man. I got no money anyway. 
 Hey. Do you know who painted that picture? 
 No, I-I didn't see anything. 
 How 'bout now? 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Carter : All right, Gerald, what do you have? 
 Oh, so I found a bunch of this guy's paintings, all with the same eyeball signature. 
 Give me the addresses. 
 All right, you got one at Los Feliz/Vermont, one on Commonwealth, one on Forest Lawn, and one on Camp. 
 All within walking distance of one another. 
 That's either side of Griffith Park, home of the Los Angeles Zoo. 
 We found monkey fecal matter on his bag. 
 He works at the zoo. (laughs) 
 I'll have some of that respect now, sir. 
 That will never happen. 
 All we need to do is just find an employee from the zoo with a fresh cut caused by razor wire. 
 Not necessarily. 
 The lab turned up something really weird. 
 The fecal matter dust on the bag came from a Bolivian hangar monkey, which went extinct in 1958, before the LA Zoo even opened. 
 So we're out of luck. 
 No. 
 Because if you're smart, like  moi,  you check to see if Bolivian hangar monkeys were at the old abandoned zoo. 
 The old zoo? 
 It's still there. 
 Creepy as hell. 
 But still there. 
 Huh. 
 What is that? 
 "Modern music playlist." 
 Wow, Lee. That was fast. 
 I took your challenge very seriously. 
 (Spin Doctors' "Two Princes" playing) 
 What the hell is happening? Where did you get this music? 
 Probably from the same thrift store he got that tie. 
 Captain Cole. 
 She picked out some of her favorite music for me. 
 I respect her opinion on all things. 
 The woman in the song has to choose between two suitors from very different backgrounds. 
 It's very layered. 
 We can sing along if you like. 
 No, thank you. 
 Start your search over, Lee. You failed. 
 (humming softly) 
 All right. 
 I thought that was only for emergencies. 
 Yeah, this  is  an emergency. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (birds chirping) 
 Gerald, for the next 30 seconds, you are my favorite cousin. 
 We found him. 
 He set up some sort of camp. 
 Blood. From the razor wire. 
 Hey! 
 Freeze! Police! 
 (grunts) 
 (grunts) 
 Oh, okay. 
 (car approaching) 
 (tires screech) 
 (panting) 
 (grunting) 
 (shouts) 
 We got company. 
 Go that way! 
 Okay! Okay! 
 (grunting) 
 (panting) 
 (grunting) 
 Come on! Let's go! 
 (gunshot) 
 I got these guys! You go help Gerald! 
 (engine starts) 
 (tires screeching) 
 Damn. 
 He in there. 
 (grunts) 
 Freeze! LAPD! 
 (grunts) 
 (grunting) 
 (panting) 
 We just need your help! 
 (grunting) 
 We can help you. 
 You're sure it was a kid? 
 He was young and very scared. 
 He's got a whole setup. 
 This looks like a place he's visited many times, but it doesn't look like he lives here. 
 Are you eating that? 
 Is he coming back, Carter? No. 
 Those guys got away in their car, but I think I recognize the one with the busted up face. 
 We got to move. 
 Oh. 
 _ 
 I remember these. 
 (grunts) 
 That's our friend from the zoo. 
 Dominick Kazmiersky. Arrested over 20 times. 
 Your basic hired muscle. 
 But guess who he works for. 
 None other than Mr. Murder and Witness Intimidation himself and number three in Bertram's case file, the Turk. 
 Who's the Turk? 
 The Turk is the most powerful organized crime boss in this city in the last ten years. 
 Specializing in extortion, racketeering, illegal gambling, murder. 
 I mean, you name it and the Turk has evaded prosecution for it. 
 Didi : We have been after the Turk for a long time. 
 Yeah, and we have gotten so close, but this guy is really good. 
 Ginardi hasn't been able to make a single case stick. 
 We should pay him a visit. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 
 
 
 (door opens) 
 (door shuts) 
 Carter : Do you know this man? 
 Oh, yes. 
 Dominick used to work for me a while ago. 
 But I have not seen him in many years. 
 You probably also don't know anything about the murder of an assistant D.A. in a loft downtown. 
 Murder? 
 If there was a murder of such a high-profile figure, I'm sure I would have read about it. 
 But I did read about an A.D.A. wack job killing himself by driving into a lake. 
 Carter : Funny. 
 The story I heard had some lowlife dragging him out of his apartment in an old rug. 
 (chuckles) 
 Cute story. 
 Tough to prove though. 
 Unless we have a witness. 
 Who saw everything. 
 You know, I feel if you had found a witness, we wouldn't be having this nice of a conversation. 
 I'm done talking. 
 But feel free to stay and watch me eat my steak. 
 We have to find that kid before the Turk does or he's dead. 
 We will. 
 (engine starts) 
 ♪ ...two princes kneel... ♪ 
 No. 
 Didi :  Lee, we're waiting. 
 I'm reading Bertram's files. I'm not hungry. 
 Come on, we are not starting without you. 
 Aw, he's just worried about that kid. 
 Oh, my God, Gerald, you are hungry. 
 He's eating a stick. 
 I am not surprised. 
 You guys never seen those before? 
 They come in a bunch of different flavors. 
 Where'd you find those? 
 That creepy old zoo. 
 What are you talking about? 
 There was nowhere to buy anything over there. 
 Yeah, it was like you said, like, by that kid's stuff. 
 On the ground, covered in monkey feces? 
 No. On the cage. 
 That was covered in monkey feces. 
 Hey, man, come on, man, that's mine. 
 Look, what if I was gonna eat it later? 
 You know I... 
 Gerald. It's evidence. 
 Damn. I'm sorry, Cuz. 
 I just get so nostalgic, man. I ain't seen this brand since we was kids. 
 That's it. 
 What? 
 Our witness is a kid. 
 Who just so happens to have the same chewing sticks we had as a kids. 
 We both know the only person who would still have these to give to him. 
 I know where he lives. 
 (kids laughing) 
 Hi, Grandma. 
 Carter? Oh... 
 Baby! 
 Oh, baby. 
 Look at this. 
 Come here. 
 Hey, Grandma. 
 All right, let me see those fingernails. 
 Oh, I was gonna wash 'em, Grandma. 
 But, full disclosure, Carter made me touch monkey poop dirt. 
 Oh, that's nasty. Get in there and wash your hands. 
 And who is this young man? 
 Oh, this is my partner Lee. He's an H&M model. 
 Oh, you look good, baby. 
 Come on in. Welcome. 
 This is the grandmother you often speak of? 
 Yeah. 
 But she is not your Grandmother. 
 Boy, we more family than blood. 
 Carter : Lee, this is a boy's home. 
 Gerald and I started living here pretty young. 
 So, what's been going on? 
 Um... can you tell us about the young boy who painted this? 
 That's Isaiah. 
 He's a good boy, but he need the kind of tough love Gerald needed growing up. 
 He's in a lot of danger. 
 And he could help us solve a very high-profile murder. 
 Well, I-I'm sorry, but he hasn't been around for a few days. 
 But he might come back. 
 He needs a place to crash now. 
 Hey, you know what? 
 Back in the day, when I was here but I didn't want you to know I was here, I had a perfect spot to hide. 
 Where is that? 
 Hey, man. 
 Isaiah, we want to help you, but we need you to help us by looking at some photos. 
 Did you see anyone with this man? 
 A couple of nights ago, when you were painting the mural? 
 I didn't see nothing. 
 You know, lying to a officer is... is a crime. 
 You mind if I take this one alone? 
 Sure. 
 I'll just go interview the other sole witness on this case. 
 Check you out. Being all sarcastic. 
 I must be rubbing off on you. 
 It is my greatest shame. 
 Grandma said you used to stay with your auntie before you came to the home. Where did she live? 
 Around Rosecrans and Central. 
 (chuckles) 
 Something funny about that? 
 Nah, just reminded me of the time I got jumped on that corner. 
 What'd you do to get jumped? 
 You got to do something to get jumped over there? 
 Aight, true. 
 Can I ask you something? 
 What do you have against us? 
 You're a cop, aren't you? 
 Okay, so, you don't like cops. 
 You must think we're all the same then, huh? 
 Look... when I was your age, if someone would have told me that I was gonna become a cop, I would have said they were smoking something. 
 I'm serious, man. Ask Grandma. I was bad as hell. 
 I used to sneak out all the time, get into fights, lie, cuss, lie about cussing. 
 She said I had a God-given talent for troublemaking. 
 But she also said I had this other side too. 
 Like that I was smart, protective of others. 
 She said I had a gift for helping people. 
 But the way I was going, I was gonna have to choose. 
 I could either be the troublemaker or the protector. 
 But I couldn't be both. 
 So what'd you do? 
 I became a cop. 
 (both chuckle) 
 Why'd he become a cop? 
 Scientists created him in a lab to be a robot crime fighter with bad music taste. 
 I can hear you. 
 Look... 
 I get it's not easy to talk about what you saw the other night. 
 But you have a choice in front of you right now. 
 You can either be the street kid who keeps his mouth shut to save his own ass, or the kid who helps us stop a dangerous killer from hurting any more innocent people. 
 You think you made the right decision? 
 Becoming a cop? 
 I think it saved my life. 
 All right. 
 I'll tell you what I saw. 
 (indistinct conversations) 
 Hey, uh, just sit over there. 
 Looks like we might actually have a case against the Turk. 
 The witness I.D.'d him? 
 Yup. Kid saw the whole thing. 
 So, you gonna tell the captain to have him brought in for questioning? 
 We're one step ahead of you, Didi. 
 We had some guys pick him up. He's in the interrogation room. 
 Mm. 
 Carter : Hmm? 
 I'm actually kind of giddy that I'm finally about to get up in his ass. 
 Don't even say it. 
 Go get in there, get in that ass. 
 Hello, Detective. 
 Glad to see you're in a good mood. 
 'Cause I'm in a good mood too. 
 Lee, tell him how good my mood is. 
 He is exuberant. 
 Exuberant. You hear that? 
 My man Lee here's a walking word-a-day calendar. 
 Now, do you want to know why I'm exuberant? 
 Lee, tell him why I'm exuberant. 
 Because you're going to prison for murder. 
 Carter : That's right. He's on fire today. 
 First the word "exuberant", then the whole prison for murder thing. 
 I mean, he can't miss. 
 Now, I bet you want to know how I know you're going to prison. Lee? 
 We know that you were in A.D.A. Bertram's apartment. 
 And we know that you hit him across the head with a retractable nightstick. 
 Ooh. 
 (sighs) 
 Is that it? 
 Oh, no, no, no, no, no. 
 'Cause here's the fun part. 
 We have a witness. 
 I'm sorry... am I supposed to be scared? 
 (door opens) 
 Detectives, you want to explain to me why you're harassing my client? 
 Maybe you want to ask your client what he was doing at A.D.A. Bertram's loft the night he was murdered? 
 My client wasn't at Bertram's loft. 
 We have a witness that says he was. 
 And I've got five separate witnesses that will testify that he was at his restaurant the night Bertram drove his own car into Lake Hollywood, as it's stated in the coroner's report. 
 Which means not only is your witness not credible, but you also have no crime. 
 So unless you're planning to charge my client with someone else's suicide, you're gonna have to excuse us. 
 Boys, boys. 
 If you want me to sweat, you're gonna have to work a little harder than this. 
 (chuckles, door opens) 
 You're gonna let him walk? 
 I had to let him walk. 
 But we have a witness. 
 Your witness is a delinquent with four priors. 
 But the priors are for tagging. 
 I don't care if they are for jaywalking. 
 This is not a slam-dunk case. 
 If you saw the kid, you would know he was telling the truth. 
 Let me explain something to you two about how this works. 
 First, you build a case,  then  you go for an arrest. 
 I don't know who the hell told you it was a good idea to bring in... 
 I did. It was my decision. 
 Okay, Captain. 
 What the hell were you thinking? 
 (scoffs) I was thinking that maybe we could catch the Turk off guard... get him to slip up. 
 You tipped him off that he is a suspect before we can even prove that it is a homicide. 
 He's gonna make a mistake. 
 Do you think we're dealing with some petty purse snatcher? The Turk has operated in this city with impunity for ten years, because he knows when and how to go quiet. 
 Your interrogation pretty much guarantees that he will go completely underground. 
 I thought... that we had him this time. 
 Now we will never get him. 
 Carter : I'm not giving up. 
 Lee. Get your head out of them case files and get your behind up, man. We gonna get out there on that street, we gonna check every corner, we knock on every door, every... 
 I have something. 
 Seriously? 
 You read every one of those case files, didn't you? 
 Of course. 
 Bertram was always trying to connect the Turk to racketeering cases, uh, extortion, anything. 
 In this case, he has Adam Hunter C-L-P-E as a witness. C-L-P-E stands for... 
 Certified latent print examiner. 
 He's a fingerprint expert. 
 There are no fingerprints in this file. 
 Why call a fingerprint expert when you have no fingerprint evidence? 
 The only thing I can think of is there was fingerprint evidence in this file. 
 But someone didn't want us to see it. 
 We need to go talk to that paralegal again. 
 Now, you better remember who hooked you up with a Snickers bar when you get all rich and famous from your paintings. 
 Yeah, deal, and I think it'll only cost you... around a couple grand? 
 A couple grand? Are you crazy? 
 (chuckles) 
 Okay, now, you go sit your butt down at my desk over there. And as soon as I'm done with this, we'll talk about art prices. 
 All right. 
 Two grand. 
 Didi : Okay, so, how about we start somewhere closer to, like, a hundred? 
 Yeah. 
 You okay? 
 Yeah. Do you mind if I go to the bathroom? 
 It's right around the corner. 
 Thanks. 
 Hey. 
 We're gonna catch these guys, okay? 
 Yeah. All right. 
 Whoa! Can I help you? 
 Lee : Is that the backup of Bertram's case file that mentioned the Turk? 
 Yes. 
 How often do the files usually back up? 
 It's an old system, but the software runs every Thursday morning. 
 Which would make that the file Bertram was working on the day he was killed. 
 Hand it over, Carol. 
 I could get into a lot of trouble for giving this to you. 
 You should be making requests through our police liaison. 
 Carol, there's a reason we asked for your help. 
 Because you cared for Bertram. 
 Look at this. Fingerprint evidence. Financial records. 
 Carter : Somebody doctored the file before we got to it. 
 Carol, we're gonna need to see a list of people who would have access to Bertram's files. 
 That's easy. It's only one person... the D.A. 
 All right, thanks for your help. 
 Ginardi changed the case files? 
 It makes perfect sense. 
 No wonder he's been so reluctant to bring charges against the Turk. 
 He's in the Turk's pocket! 
 Isaiah wasn't in the locker room. 
 I couldn't find him, either. 
 I mean, he just said he had to go to the bathroom. 
 He must have gotten out somehow. 
 I'm sure he's headed back to the boys' home. 
 Do you think Ginardi knows that? 
 Hey! Anybody have eyes on D.A. Ginardi? 
 Man : Yeah, I think he took off. 
 Saw him at booking getting an address for your tagger kid. 
 If Ginardi knows where Isaiah is, so does the Turk. 
 Are you sure our Isaiah isn't here? 
 (flame pops on) 
 Isn't Social Services supposed to call before a visit? 
 I told Karen to put in a call to let you know we were coming. 
 You know how these things go. 
 Well... may-maybe you should just come back later, 'cause Isaiah won't be home for a few hours. 
 Oh. Yeah. 
 I know. 
 I'm sorry for the late notice, but this is kind of an emergency situation, so I hope you don't mind if my associate here keeps you company while I take a look around. 
 He isn't here! 
 Don't worry. I know. 
 This is just a precaution. 
 He's in there. 
 We should wait for backup. 
 I'm not waiting on anything. 
 (door creaks) 
 Isaiah? 
 I know you think you saw something. 
 Snuck through this window all the time when I used to stay out too late. 
 (grunts softly) 
 I'm not going to hurt you. 
 (soft thudding) 
 Just want to talk. 
 (grunting) 
 (grunting) 
 Run, Isaiah! Run! 
 (grunting) 
 (grunting) 
 (panting) 
 Grandma : Oh, please! 
 Please! 
 I'm coming, Grandma! 
 Let her go. 
 Oh! 
 (grunting) 
 Oh! 
 Oh. 
 (panting) 
 Damn, Grandma! 
 I mean, dang, Grandma. 
 (grunting) 
 (grunting) 
 (yelling) 
 (grunting) 
 (clicking, car starts) 
 The kid's in the car out front. 
 ♪ Go ahead now ♪ 
♪ Yeah... ♪ 
 This way. 
 (groaning) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 ♪ This one... ♪ 
 (gunshots) 
 (gunfire continues) 
 (grunting) 
 (gunshots continue) 
 Drop the gun, Turk! 
 Drop it, damn it! 
 (grunting) 
 You there. 
 (groans) 
 ♪ Like to tell me maybe... ♪ 
 Isaiah! 
 (sirens blaring) 
 ♪ Just go ahead now ♪ 
 You okay? 
 Yeah, I'm okay. 
 I... I think I'm okay. 
 (tires squeal) 
 ♪ Just go ahead now ♪ 
♪ Come on, come on, come on and ♪ 
 ♪ Just go ahead now ♪ 
 ♪ Go ahead now... ♪ 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Carter : Mr. Ginardi. 
 Thanks for stopping by. 
 What you need me to take a look at? 
 Here's the bottom line. 
 We know about you and the Turk and how he's avoided prosecution all these years. 
 You are the worst type of criminal. 
 You are supposed to fight for the people. 
 You gonna put the cuffs on me? 
 Oh, no. 
 Cole : They saved that honor for me. 
 Hands behind your back, Ginardi. 
 Can't pretend that I'm not enjoying this. 
 Let me see if I can remember how this goes. 
 Uh, you have the right to remain silent. 
 Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. 
 You have the right to an attorney. 
 If you can't afford one, one will be appointed to you. 
 Do you understand your rights as I've explained them to you? 
 (goofy shouting) 
 Hey, what did I say about running? 
 Sorry! 
 Looks like you got a boy's home all your own. 
 I like it. 
 (laughs) 
 Okay, I smell something delicious. 
 Oh, let me get one of these right here. 
 Hey, don't use your hands! 
 Not with your bare hands! 
 Fine. 
 Stereo Grandmas. 
 You know better than that. 
 You did a brave thing. 
 I know. 
 Oh, you already knew that? 
 Since you're so smart... 
 What is this? 
 Here. 
 Oh. 
 I want you at this art class every Saturday. 
 No excuses. 
 It's time to start putting those talents to work in a way that won't get your behind put in jail. 
 Yes, sir, Officer. 
 All right. 
 That's what I thought. 
 All right. 
 Oh, my good boys. 
 I am so proud. 
 Mr. Lee, if you wish, you may call me Grandma, too. 
 I will, Ms. Grandma. 
 (laughing): Come here. 
 Come here. 
 If you don't mind, I would like to make a toast. 
 Oh, yes, please. 
 Gerald : Somebody say toast? 
 To... 
 ...family. 
 All : To family! 
 Yes! 
 Also, I have some music from... 
 No! Uh-uh. 
 No! Hell, no! 
 Why? What's wrong with his music? 
 It's the devil's music, Grandma. 
 No, no, we don't want to play that, baby. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 