Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x02 - Two Days or the Number of Hours Within that Timeframe - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x02 - Two Days or the Number of Hours Within that Timeframe https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=26500 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/08/16 07:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x02 - Two Days or the Number of Hours Within that Timeframe 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Shh! Be quiet. 
 Come with us. Come with us before he kills you. 
 [gasps] 
 male #1 : It's okay. It's probably just a breaker. 
 I got this. 
 [chuckles] 
 Scary movies. 
 [switch clicks] 
 Oh, God! 
 No, no. 
 [groans] 
 Ah! 
 Open the safe, now! 
 [intense music] 
 [suppressed gunshot] 
 Come on. Let's go. 
 I'll be right there. 
 [intense music] 
 [cell phone vibrating] 
 [music continues] 
 [screams] 
 Oh, my God. 
 What, man? 
 That's dangerous. 
 Mm-mm-mm. 
 How do you focus on the road ahead when your eyes are on all the ladies? 
 [sighs] Talent, mostly. I can just sense things. 
 Watch this. Watch this. Watch this. 
 Two fine girls in an orange Caddy but ponytail is definitely into me. 
 Ladies. 
 Hey, Bruce, lighten up, okay? It's a beautiful day. 
 Bruce? 
 You thought my name was Bruce Lee? 
 Okay. Okay, so what if I did? I bet you don't know my name. 
 Your name is James, after your father. 
 And your middle name is Steven... 
 Okay, what are you, what are you, writing a book report? 
 I mean, God dang, man. 
 Just common courtesy to know your partner's name. 
 Look, if you want me to know your name just tell me your name. 
 You shouldn't have to ask. You should already know. 
 female on radio :  10-19 all detectives report back to the precinct for Captain Cole. 
 That's what's up. 
 Let's ride. 
 ♪ Get up offa that thing ♪ 
♪ Dance until you feel better ♪ 
♪ Get up offa that thing ♪ 
♪ And dance until... ♪ 
♪ Sing it now ♪♪ 
 Another home invasion last night. 
 This time in Beverly Hills. 
 House robbed. Two people dead. 
 Same crew? 
 Well, it's a safe bet. 
 Cole : Same MO. 
 Wealthy neighborhood, expensive home efficient robbery... 
 And the home security system? 
 Disabled, just like the last two jobs. 
 You know, t-the security camera didn't catch a thing but we do have a few possible leads. 
 Did that  possible  carry some skepticism? 
 Uh-huh, yeah, it does but we are going to look into them anyway. 
 Let's see, we have a gardener who saw a moving van parked down the street that morning and an elderly neighbor who thinks that we should go and talk to those young punks down the street. 
 The most dangerous assignment goes to Donovan. 
 Sounds about right. 
 Oh, and one more thing. 
 One of the victims last night owned this lovely $80,000 item. 
 A car shaped like a watch? 
 No. 
 A robot butler that transforms into a watch? 
 No, it is just a watch. 
 However it was conspicuously  missing from the wrist of its owner. 
 Yeah, but this crew has only been hitting wall safes. 
 I mean, so far they've resisted taking any personal items. 
 So find the watch. 
 Find our killers. 
 Exactly. Okay, happy hunting. 
 [instrumental music] 
 What'd I tell you? 
 The moving truck was there 'cause somebody was moving. 
 So  that  was a big waste of time. 
 Following an order is never a waste of time. 
 Man, you got a lame sound byte for every occasion. 
 You're like the world's worst action figure. Detective Nerd. 
 Pull his chord and hear him say something corny. 
 A good officer always follows the three L's. Look. Listen... 
 Let's play some music. Great idea. 
 female #1 on radio :  Code 11359, officers pursuing suspect on foot in the 1200 block of West Collington Avenue. 
 Carter : Narcotics bust, guy on the run is just a few blocks up. 
 [Prodigy singing "Breathe"] 
 How close are we? 
 There. 
 Hey! 
 Hey! Dang it! My door is stuck. 
 [car honking] 
 ♪ Break the pressure ♪ 
♪ Come play my game I'll test ya ♪ 
♪ Psycho-somatic addict-insane ♪ 
♪ Break the pressure ♪ 
♪ Come play my game I'll test ya ♪ 
♪ Psycho-somatic addict-insane ♪ 
♪ Come play my game ♪ 
 I'm at this. 
 ♪ Come play my game ♪ 
♪ Exhale exhale exhale ♪ 
♪ Break the pressure ♪ 
♪ Come play my game I'll test ya ♪ 
♪ Psycho-somatic addict-insane ♪ 
♪ Break the pressure ♪ 
♪ Come play my game I'll test ya ♪ 
 Got you. 
 Hands in the air! Turn around slow. 
 Hey, cuz. 
 Gerald? 
 Man, hurry up and get out of here. 
 Quick, before Lee gets here. 
 Up against the wall! Hurry! 
 What the hell. 
 Oh. 
 [theme music] 
 You arrested Gerald? 
 I didn't know it was him. 
 If he would've just turned back around and said "Carter, it's me," I would have not done anything different. 
 I follow the rules. Oh, hey-hey, Lee. 
 How you doin'? 
 Hey, Carter. 
 But that's not even the worst part, alright? 
 This arrest here? 
 Three? 
 Strikes. 
 When Gerald was 16, him and one of his dumbass friends robbed a guy outside of a liquor store. 
 I mean, all they took was his six-pack, but Gerald had a gun. 
 BB gun, it wasn't even loaded. Didn't matter. It was a felony. 
 After a felony, any two crimes you commit no matter how small means serious jail time. 
 Three strikes law. 
 In China, it's one strike and out. 
 Not "commit one crime, get two crimes free." 
 Hey, hey, this is my cousin, you're talking about, alright? 
 Yeah, I know, he breaks many laws. 
 [phone ringing] Diaz. 
 Hey, how's your sister doing by the way? 
 She still a part of that Chinese gang that kills people? 
 Yeah. She's still part of the Quantou. 
 Look, I wish you would cut my cousin some slack. 
 I wish you would take your job more seriously. 
 I wish you two would quit bickering about petty little differences all the time  and try working together. 
 So sorry, Didi. 
 I mean, this home invasion crew is pulling jobs at a steady rate, you guys. 
 Okay, and I'm guessing that we don't have a lot of time before they kill somebody else. 
 So come together, okay? Find some bedrock. 
 Kiss and make-up, I don't care. 
 Do whatever you gotta do and then get to work on this. 
 Gerald :  Back up off me! Touch me again and see what happens! 
 I'll cut you to pieces! 
 And then I'll eat the pieces! 
 I'll eat your pieces, huh! 
 [sighs] Man, alright. I gotta keep up my street cred, man. 
 What's this about? 
 Gerald, you're a kind man. 
 Right, you got arrested on a drug charge, which is serious  But you're not violent. 
 You don't hurt people. 
 I'm a Libra. We love. 
 Carter :  So maybe you can help me understand  why a kind, non-violent man was wearing a watch taken from the scene of a double homicide? 
 What? 
 Carter :  Yeah, home invasion. 
 The crew behind it has hit three houses. 
 Mansions, top-of-the-line security. 
 But they get in and they get out. 
 No witnesses, no evidence left behind. 
 They just disappear. 
 And then here you appear I-I got this off the street. I-I swear, man. You know me. I swear on everything I love, man. I didn't have nothin' to do with, none of that, uh... Okay, okay. We believe you. I  believe you. You're not a killer. I mean, the-the only thing you're guilty of being is the stupidest man that I've ever met! Two strikes on your record, and you saw no harm in going around peddling narcotics? It was medicinal marijuana. That you're not authorized to sell, or have. And all of what you had is because you stole it off of a-a blind man! No, he's faking. Blind Frank can see just fine. Just when I thought my contempt for you couldn't be any stronger, I was wrong. Three strikes is real jail time. But I might be able to help you out. I need details on how you got that watch. If it leads me to my killers, I can get your charges dropped and get you out of here. Okay, cool, that, that is no problem, man. I've got a photogenic memory. I got details on details, my boy. Alright, so it all started two days ago, Friday. Today is Friday. It all started two days ago, Wednesday. So look, I was at the Venice Beach Boardwalk and I happen upon a familiar unlicensed dealer of fine watches and jewelry, Snakehat. One word, write this down 'cause this is not a game, okay? He is very selective about the people that he deals with but he'll sell to me because he know that I roll with Peanut Butter and Duck-butt. Wow. Come on, Lee, where you goin'? Anywhere else. What? Listen, Carter, come on, man. I'm giving you everything you need here. This is real intel. This is real terrible! Gerald, we're after a crew of cold-blooded killers and I can't find them roaming around looking for Snake-Brittle and Nut-Butt. Well, you can't. They won't talk to cops. But they'll talk to me. How'd it go with Gerald? Great. I'm getting him out of jail to help track the watch to our killers and then his third strike gets dropped like it never happened. That's incredible. Yeah. You actually got the DA to agree to that? Well, I'm sure Captain Cole will smooth that out I'm assuming, I haven't asked her yet. What if she says no? What? To this face? Are you kidding me? Whatever, it's a great plan and it has "yes" written all over it. Yes, yes, yes. No. Are you sure you didn't mean... Yes. Gerald gave me some real intel. All I'm asking for is a small window of time to pursue it with the prisoner who gave it to me. Like, "48 Hrs?" That would be great, I mean, I was just asking for one day but two days would be perfect. The movie, Carter. Now we're after a gang of killers, and you give me the plot of an Eddie Murphy movie. Captain, that crew has hit three houses and dropped five bodies with no trace of evidence. Which is why I need you to bring me a lead. That is a trail we could follow. What is "Duck-butt?" That is a typo. The answer is no, Carter. I need you doing real police work and this is not it. Understood. It was a bad idea, but I'll drop it, okay? I-I-I'll find a real angle. Pickin' up prisoner Gerald Page. I'm Detective Carter. [instrumental music] Your cousin is in the car. Why is your cousin in the car? To help us find our killers. Look, Lee, if we're going all in on this partner thing you're just gonna have to accept that there's gonna be times that I know more than you. This is one of those times, okay? And right now, I just need you to have faith and trust that I know what I'm doing. Okay. Okay! Alright, man. We just shared a connection. We just dropped bedrock. Okay, we just laid a foundation for our house that is our partnership. And Captain Cole approve of this? She did. She definitely did. [instrumental music] Gerald : Yep. Hey, so what's going with the lunch situation? Lunch? You're paying. I'm paying? You got that right. I ain't got no money. It's hot out here. I'm hungry. [laughs] This is cool, man. I feel like I'm a part of the team. Like, I'm basically a cop. Incorrect, you're not. No. Not literally, but basically... Not literally or basically. Your job is to sit back and shut up. It's hard to believe that this is standard practice in the US. It is, with jails being as crowded as they are and Gerald taking up as much space as he does it's just best that he comes with us and help us out for these two days, and then we get him back by Monday. And that's why it's called a 48 hour. The 48-hours protocol. Stems from 1982, where it was used to great success in the case of Nolte and Murphy. It's not an ideal protocol. [instrumental music] Gentlemen, I've been to your work. Now, I'd like you to see my office. Lee :  Why are we following your cousin? Lee, we got no lead between our three houses. We looked at everyone with access to them and we still come up short. He's our best bet. I don't trust him. You can. I don't. You can try. I won't. I can hear you. I know. Hey, what's up, Fruity Pebbles? Ha. Two percent doing? Good? I see you, mama. Hey, what's up, baby? How do you know everybody? Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Don't forget my skittles. You owe me some skittles. I ain't forgot, alright? Yeah, okay. No Snakehat. Where is he? In time, Bruce. In time. What did he just call me? I may have told him that was your name back when I thought it was. Is it Mike? No. Damn. Oh! Lo and behold! Snakehat. Gerald :  Alright, cool. Just let me handle this, alright? Wait, wait, what you doin'? Hey, what's he doing? Carter : Come on. Hey, slow down! Why are you tryin'... You don't even know if that's him! Whoa, whoa, whoa, easy, Lee. Okay, I think this is more of a fly and honey situation. As in the saying, you could catch more flies with honey. I don't wanna catch flies. Okay, just release the man. And come with me. Trust. Partners. Thank you. What's going on, huh? That Asian guy with you, he said he was a cop. Hell no. He is a mental patient, okay? He's totally crazy. I take him on walks. Community service. Listen... So two criminals are talking and we arrest neither. I know. It's killing you, isn't it? But sometimes you gotta let the small fish go to reel in the big ones. He say he got the watch from a yogi. Who got it from someone, who got it from someone who got it from someone else. Yogi? Yeah. He say, he'd give us the name or where we can find him but he want 50 bucks. And it just so happens I got $50 on me. Give him that. Alright, I'll be right back. Thanks a lot, man. Appreciate that. [rock music] [no audio] A watch. [grunting] Let go! Let him go! Why are you so big? We need to know who you got the watch from. First off, I'm not crazy about people interrupting me at work. This is work? Yes, smart guy. This is work, okay? I'm an actor. This is my set. We are making a very, very important film about time-traveling gladiators. Carter, at one point we were tracking killers, and now... Okay, dude. We need answers. Dude? It's-it's Spartacus. But your tag says "Soldier #12," so... And-and I gave soldier #12 a very complex back story. A-are you okay with that? No. We are not okay with nothing you're doing, okay? Now you're gonna tell us where you got that watch or I'm... Alright, you know what, this hostility is really affecting my process, I'm done. Can I get a kombucha? Hey, hey, hey, hey listen, I'm in trouble, man and I need your help. The only way I can get out of trouble is you telling me where you got the watch from. I need a hero. I need Spartacus. I got it from Sticky. Sticky who? Sticky Pete? Not Sticky Pete. Sticky Jay. Sticky Jay? What is it? The guys I know, they're small time, but Sticky Jay is legit. He's a pro thief, he only deals in big game and guys that cross him wish they hadn't. Okay, this could be our guy. Where do we find him? [upbeat music] Gerald :  Saturday night, this is where Sticky Jay operates. It's a private club, so to get in, you gotta know somebody or be that or that or that. We are not that. How do we get in? Carter : I'll bribe our way in. But we may need you to post up out here, Lee. Look, to get in there and do what we need to do we have to blend, which you are unable to do. 'Cause of, you know, your whole Chinese robot nerd thing. Okay, I'll post up out front. You do your thing. [upbeat music] Man, this is a pirate's dream! Abundant booty. Copious. Just try and stay focused, alright? I don't know what your man looks like so just keep your eyes open, and stay with me. You got it! Focus. Eyes open. Okay. [music continues] 
 
 Any sign of him? Gerald, you crazy... [door slams] Gerald :  Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. Okay, alright, brother. Uh, excuse me. Damn, you fine, girl. Excuse me, have you all seen a mini Morris Chestnut come back here? What? No. No? You don't know who Morris Chestnut is? Okay, alright, alright. [upbeat music] Shut the door. We know who you are. And we wanna make sure you never come back. Out of the way. Watch out. [Gerald grunts] [thuds] [dramatic music] [grunting] [Carter mumbling] I can't hear what you're saying. [mumbling] I like it that way. Huh? [upbeat music] I just want you to know, this is going to my Yelp review. The manager tried to kill me. Three stars out of five. I swear, we were never gonna hurt you. I had no idea you were a cop. We spotted your gun. We've had a big problem with theft lately. Someone's swiping wallets and jewelry. Pickpocket type stuff. We thought it was you two. Small fish. Tiny. [music continues] [whispers] That's Sticky Jay. He's on the run. The hell? Right. The whole swinging on chandelier thing. [intense music] This is him? The pro thief? The big game hunter? The man not to be messed with? This is Sticky Jay? Please, call me Jay. This is one fast individual. That was like trying to outrun a tiger. This dude is like a reject member from One Direction. Look, I don't want any trouble so I will buy one,  one,  whatever candy you guys are selling. Candy? Do we look like we're selling candy to you, huh? I got some candy for you ass... My badge. Where's my badge? Did you lose it? I mean, maybe he lost it. Oh! Sticky got it. He's wearing it. It's right there. Yes, Gerald, I see that. Thank you very much. Gerald, seriously, you gotta keep these things a secret. Listen, man, give me... Where is it? Where's my badge? Where did it go? Where did it go? What happened to it? What? Oh! How you did that? It was right there and I was right here. I told you, you don't wanna mess with Sticky Jay  because he will upend your world. He will make everything disappear. Lee : Sleight of hand and misdirection. The tools of a pickpocket. I prefer morally flexible freelance master of the impossible. My card. My sister. Okay, you're slick, alright. Good at taking things that isn't yours. Things like this. Yeah. Remember this? Yeah, I know it. Lifted it from a club maybe a week ago. Do you remember the man who wore it? Ordinarily, I wouldn't, but this guy, he stood out. If I have to steal a watch I can do it just by shaking a guy's hand. Jay :  With that guy, the hands didn't match the watch. They were tough, calloused. It wasn't like, investment-banker hand. This guy's blue-collar. So, a blue-collar guy with a white-collar watch. Stolen, and I'd hate to be the guy he took it from. So on a thief scale from charming pickpocket to mean, scary, stabby, that guy was pretty light on charm. Do you have any more specifics? Uh, left handed. Wore his watch on the right arm. Other than that, not really. White guy, older than 20, younger than 40. You know in club lights it's always hard to tell. Oh, yeah, trust me, I know what you mean. Sometimes I'll be in a club and I meet a girl and I'll be like, damn! Then after the club when the lights come on I'll be like damn! Damn! Give me my badge. Stupid. He stole a stolen watch and we let him go. Our killer celebrates a score by going to an illegal club wearing a watch from a murder victim? I mean, it's just a dumb move. You know, pros usually keep a low profile. I mean, these guys are good but maybe they're not a professional crew, maybe... Carter, we are at a dead end. It's late... [cell phone ringing] Carter. Robbery-homicide. Two victims. No witnesses, no prints. Five home security cameras caught nothing. The killers must have known their locations and area of coverage. It's the same crew, they're all over the city. Marina, Bel-Air, the Hills, now Brentwood. I mean, a home invasion crew usually sticks to the same part of town. So why these targets? Didi : I don't know, we've been trying to look for a possible link between the homes, the owners, the previous owners but so far we haven't found a connection. Hey, any progress on the watch? Minimal. I mean, I think the guy's a blue-collar. I know that's not much to go on, but look at maintenance workers landscapers, anyone with regular access to the home. Something catch your eye? Yeah. Can you tell me what is it? No. So how many more seconds you wanna just stand here and stare? Three. Two, one. That's mine. That's with me all day. [sighs] Two houses in one week. Shortest window yet. They're picking up speed. Gaining confidence. That's because we can't catch them. And until we do, they won't stop. See this? Disrespectful. How do you think this makes me feel? Like a criminal? Yes, Lee. Like a criminal. Gerald. Thank you. [engine cranking] Shocking no one, last one to the crime scene is... I had a late night. Carter, you do know it's a felony to bust a guy out of jail, don't you? Am I gonna have to report you? Um, he is in our custody  under the standard 48-hour protocol  the 1982 case of Murphy and Nolte. [Donovan laughing] What is funny? Donovan :  You truly amaze me, Carter. Carter : I have to tell you something, Lee. You lied. I admit, I was cagey with the facts. You blatantly lied. You asked me to trust you and I did  and then you looked me in the eye and you lied. I hate it when they fight. Lee :  Partners are supposed to trust each other, Carter. What ever happened to bedrock? I can't even look at you right now. I'm going back to the station to finish my work. If your cousin is not in prison by the time I get back I'm personally reporting you to Captain Cole myself. You can't bail! Partners don't bail! What happened? I messed up, man. We got no lead, Lee's gone and I orchestrated a one-man jail break. I gotta clean this up. I gotta take you back. C'mon, Carter, man. We-we got this. This ain't nothing, man. All we gotta do is find the white guy with the rough hands. That might be him right there. Sir! Show us your hands! Gerald! I gotta take you back, man. Carter, I can't go back to jail. You know what happens to me if I go back to jail. Man, come on, please. Listen, man, I only need a little more time, man. We can find these bad guys. I'll keep trying. But you can't be there. I'm sorry. I get it. I get it. You know, you gotta do the right thing, right? And I appreciate the fact that you even tried for me. You a good cousin, man. Hug it out? I love you, cuz. Love you too, man. Hey, listen. Mm-hmm. Just don't shoot me. Gerald! Gerald, I'mma slap the black off your ass. Take these off, man. Sorry, Carter, man. Listen, listen, but I'm gonna find these guys. I'm gonna finish this. I got connects on connects, my boy. I promise you, I'm about to find them. Gerald, I swear if you don't come back and take these cuffs off... Stay gold, Carter. Stay gold? What the hell are you talking about? What the hell does that even mean? Gerald? I'm gonna tell our pastor! Excuse me, you wouldn't happen to have a hairpin on you, would you? Oh, you're just gonna keep on walking. Alright. I do not forgive you. I'm only here because I am bound by honor to support any fellow officer. Why are you handcuffed? Was that a smirk? No. No, you-you just had a smirk-like look, Lee. You are mistaken. Thanks for coming back. As I said, I'm bound to support a fellow officer. Even he is foolish, arrogant uses bad cologne and lies to people who trust him. Is my cologne seriously, uh... Yeah. Look, I'm not an easy man to work with, Lee, alright? But if I got a plan and I feel like I'm justified in pursuing it, anyone or anything in my way is fair game to be knocked down, tossed aside. I don't even stop to think. You know, I just leap first and look second, alright? Now, this thing with Gerald, okay? I make a lot of bad choices trying to do the right thing. But this one here, earning your trust and then burning it down, that's as bad as it gets. You deserve respect, Lee, and I didn't give it. I'm sorry. That felt like bedrock. [laughing] Lays a foundation! That's what I'm talking about, man. We just shared a moment. Me and you, we just connected. Is it Jackie? I'm thinkin' it's Jackie. It's not Jackie. Man, I suck at this. Is it Carlos? Not a great weekend. Gerald's gone AWOL and we got nothing on our crew but a half-baked lead on a white, under 40 lefty. And a shirt with the blue collar. We need to get you a slang dictionary. Blue-collar means a guy that works with his hands. You know, someone that builds or repairs you know, things like cars or... Houses. Someone who's worked on these homes would have knowledge of the layout. Yeah, well, I already had Didi look at the builders maintenance guys. She still hasn't found a link. These homes are huge, elaborate. Work that would require hundreds of laborers. There was something about these rooms, seemed familiar. I-I wasn't sure what... ...until now. The same wall. It's in a few of these. This pattern or paint. Exactly. Hey, painter dude, let me get your opinion on this. This pattern, this, uh, the swirly curly... It's called Venetian plaster, Sgraffito. Right-right. Uh, Parisian pasta porcino. It's a technique. An artistry, if you're good. High-power polish, small arcs with a trowel... Uh, that movement would create a reverse pattern of what we see on the photo. This guy's a lefty. Didi, I got something for you. So I talked to the contractors from all five houses. And all used the same Parisian pasta porcino guy, didn't they? Didi on phone :  No. But two of them did. Not exactly a smoking gun. But still a link. We'll take it. Alright, I'll text you all the info I have on him home address, work addresses. We're on it. Alright, bye. [instrumental music] Can I help you? Oh, uh, yeah, sorry, man, the door was open. I'm looking for a dude named Nick. He works here, that's the information I got. It's about a watch. Oh, okay, um, I'm not sure where Nick is right now but there's a guy here who might. You wanna hang around a second? I'll go check with him. Oh, yeah, absolutely. Alright, thanks, man. Gerald! Carter? Hey, man, wha... Lee, I-I... Oh, cuz, I think I'm on the trail of the watch dude, and I'm getting close. Yeah, close to me kicking your ass and taking you to jail. No, no, wait, wait, listen, listen. Alright, alright, look, remember I told you about a whole bunch of connections, right? So I remember that I know a guy who works as a bathroom butler at a club, and so I asked him if he knew other guys that work as bathroom butlers too, right? And so the funny thing... I don't like your stories. Listen, man, I'm on the trail of watch dude. We already found the watch dude! Him, right here. Nick Wright. That's Nick? I just talked to him. He said that he was about to come right back. [gun cocks] Down! [machine gun firing] Down! [machine gun firing] Lee :  I dropped the key. [grunts] The key. Find the key to the handcuffs. It was just in your hand. Oh, man, somebody must really like jellybeans. Lee :  Let's go! Faster! This is my fastest. It's not fast enough. Faster. Well, what you want me to do? The needle already in the red. [gunshots] You got shot? They should've known better. [rock music] No, no, wait. What are we doing? Lee : Please tell me this is not your top speed. [grunting] [grunting] [gunshots] [screams] [grunting] No, Lee, it's me. Aah! [grunting] [forklift revving] [Gerald screams] Uh, am I dead? Did I die? Oh, I'm alive. I'm alive! [grunting] [grunting] [rock music] Bitch! Lee! Asian Orlando Bloom! Okay. Understood, captain. Cole wants me to come see her first thing Monday morning. So basically today, alright? But I don't know if she's gonna commend me for this or lay into me for that. I'll come with you. No, I'm not gonna let you take a hit for my mistake. I don't know how I'm gonna get Cole to go out on a limb and spare a criminal that I pulled out of jail against her orders. Carter, you're not responsible for him. I know he's your cousin, but he chose his own path. You don't owe him anything. You know his arrest? Felony at age 16? He robbed someone with a BB gun and his dumbass friend... Me. The dumbass friend was me. A cop in the area spotted us and came after us and Gerald told me to take off. He said I had a chance to do something good with my life and he didn't wanna see me blow it. So he let himself get caught. He took the heat while I ran away. And in all those years, he never brought it up. He never said I owed him. Never asked for a thing. That's Gerald. [instrumental music] [knock on door] Uh, Detective Carter. You've had quite a weekend. You took down our killers. I did. You know how I do. And you also pulled a prisoner out onto the street for the weekend against my very clear orders. I did. You know how I do. So... I'm at a loss. Uh, do I commend you or punish you? I vote for commend but I'll settle with calling it a wash. Okay, Carter, your punishment is no commendation. You get no acclaim, no credit. You cannot utter  one  boastful word to anyone out there. And if I see you even attempt a high five, the deal is off. Understood. So I'm guessin' this wouldn't be an ideal time to ask you for a favor? No, it would not. Captain Cole, I must apologize for my appearance. I, um, I haven't slept in two days and... ...last night, I got shot and punched in the face. Oh, no judgment, I had a pretty wild weekend myself. Um, but I'm very glad that you're here because now I can commend you on catching our killers all by yourself, without any help from anyone. Um, thank you. Um, perhaps you could do something for me? A favor. [chuckles] Okay, what-what exactly am I seeing here? Bit of bedrock. [instrumental music] Yeah. [door buzzing] Carter! Carter! Carter! Uh-huh! [door buzzing] Man, I can't thank you enough. Thanks for gettin' me out, cuz. Yeah, actually it may be a little surprising but Lee here... Tried to keep you in prison 'cause you are garbage. Oh, yeah. I can believe that. There's no struggle in me seeing that there. Carter did this behind my back. I'm angry. I will go now. You know, I seriously think somethin' is wrong with that boy like, in his brain, they, like, just turned the electricity off. He was definitely dropped on his head as a baby. [both laughing] Alright, cuz, thanks again. Hey, stay out of trouble, man. I'mma try, man. Alright. You're gonna try? I'm gonna tell Aunt Hettie. Man, whatever. [Carter chuckles] You didn't want him to know? You didn't even want a thank you? Would it have involved a hug? Definitely. Well, then I'm content with my decision. Oh, Lee. [chuckles] Thanks for your help. It means a lot... ...Jonathan. Carter, you steal my wallet? Your wallet? You can't consider the possibility that I cared enough to finally figure out my partner's name? You stole my wallet. I did not steal your wallet, man. You dropped it at the fight. Man... I ain't no thief. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 