Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Badass Cop - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Badass Cop https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=27167 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/13/16 05:11 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Badass Cop 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Rush Hour... 
 It's not right that they stuck you with that clown. 
 Thanks, man. 
 I was talking to the Chinese guy. 
 Carter! 
 We've learned that the Quantou were behind the heist. 
 Carter :  Here your sister was killed. 
 You come around the world to find out she's alive and with some bad people. 
 They're Quantou. 
 You know, he doesn't have many people in his life, but he really protects the ones that he has. 
 Drop the gun. 
 Kim, you still have a chance. 
 Carter :  How's your sister doing, by the way? 
 Is she still in that Chinese gang that kills people? 
 I don't want her dead. We have to find her. 
 Captain Cole has offered me a full-time position. 
 Starting to see the benefit of having a partner. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I hate rush hour. 
 This is rush hour? 
 Yes, Lee. 
 You and me in a car that's barely moving. 
 We're in rush hour. 
 I find it strange. 
 Calling it "rush hour" when we can't rush, and it's not an hour. 
 I get it. It's wrong. 
 It's just something we say here in America. 
 All right, so just stop pointing out everything that you find strange here. 
 Like the Kardashians. 
 And why there's no stars on  Dancing With the Stars. 
 This is America, and we kick ass. 
 I was going to say I find it strange how much you talk. 
 I hear that sometimes. 
 This is legal? 
 Gonna be honest, Lee. 
 No clue. 
 You are a police officer. 
 (chuckles) 
 (tires screeching) 
 (horns honking) 
 ♪ She will be victorious ♪ 
♪ And won't get the battle loss ♪ 
♪ Always-a mysterious ♪ 
♪ 'Cause she will be victorious ♪ 
 (knocking) 
 Jimmy, what's going on up there? 
 I don't know, but it doesn't look good. 
 ♪ She will be ♪ 
♪ Victorious. ♪ 
 (sighs) 
 (panting) 
 What the hell? 
 That didn't sound good. We better call Highway Patrol. 
 Hey! 
 (coughing) 
 (coughing) 
 Open up or die in there. 
 (coughing) 
 (grunts) 
 Man : Hey! 
 (gunshot) 
 Hey, hey, hey! You don't want to do this, man. 
 It ain't worth it. 
 Put the gun down. 
 Biker : Stay where you are. 
 (engine starts) 
 Hey! 
 That's right! Run! 
 I'm coming for you! 
 What'd they get? 
 They didn't get anything. 
 Are you kidding me? Nothing? 
 (laughs) 
 Less than two weeks as partners, and already this team has stopped one of the... 
 Biggest crimes in the history of Los Angeles. 
 I wasn't gonna say that. 
 Eventually, you would have. 
 Luckily, both the driver and the hopper are in stable condition, and all $67,100 were recovered. 
 $67,000? That's it? 
 That wasn't even the biggest crime on that freeway, Carter. 
 Carter : Shut it, Donovan! 
 Now, Carter, you did very well, but I'm sure that you want to share the spotlight with your new partner. 
 From the Hong Kong Police Department, the strikingly handsome Detective Lee. 
 (cheering) 
 We have achieved nothing. 
 This investigation is just beginning. 
 I can't work with that man. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 What was that? 
 "We achieved nothing." 
 Maybe you achieved nothing. I was amazing. 
 The bikes were leaving. 
 What? 
 At the armored car. 
 When I got there, they had already been in the truck. 
 They did not want or care about the money. 
 It's only because I showed up and kamikaze'd their plan. 
 No offense. 
 Kamikaze's Japanese. 
 Fine. I ninja-kicked their plan. 
 Also Japanese. 
 Oh, who gives a damn? All right? There's a bottom line here. 
 If you don't want what's in an armored car, the easiest way to achieve that is to not rob an armored car. 
 Which they were doing until we stopped them. 
 Name one scenario where someone attacks an armored car and doesn't want what's inside. 
 A dry run for a bigger crime. 
 Proving themselves to a larger organization. 
 Maybe they got the wrong van, or they didn't want this van to reach its destination. 
 Okay, why are you doing this? 
 I have no proof, but I think I know who did this. 
 Hey, man, don't even say it. 
 There were no indication that these guys were Chinese. 
 Every detail, the skill, precision, the fact that the work was done via motorcycle... it all points to the Quantou. 
 Look, I get it. 
 All right, you're thinking about your sister being mixed up in this gang. 
 And I'm sure you want to find Kim so bad, and... and maybe this was the, uh... 
 Quantou. 
 Yeah, the Boom-pows. 
 But most likely it's not. 
 (sighs) 
 Fine. We'll do it your way. 
 But only because I want to be there when you're wrong. 
 Hey. Where are you going? 
 Something about his sister and the QuanQuan. It's very annoying. 
 Look, his sister's out there somewhere. 
 I'm gonna indulge him. 
 But we can't let the trail get cold on the guys who actually tried to rob the truck. 
 All right? So any information you get off of that torched bike that was left under the truck, send that to me quietly. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go follow the most ridiculous dead end of my life. 
 Oh. 
 Thinking of someone other than yourself. 
 In the smallest of ways, I might actually be proud of you. 
 Good. 
 Anyways... 
 Hey, are we still on for dinner tonight? 
 Yep. Only if you invite Lee. 
 No Lee, no dinner! 
 Who do you want to grill first? 
 In China, we start with the victim. 
 Truth is, Klenk Security is a low-rent operation. 
 It's only gotten worse with the cutbacks. 
 We even have to bring our own gear. 
 We were bound to get hit. 
 I find you untrustworthy on many levels. 
 What? You realize I'm the victim here, right? 
 (coughing) 
 (grunts) 
 You are the victim because you defied policy and opened the back door. 
 I opened the door 'cause my truck was on fire. 
 What is happening here? 
 Hey, man, I'm sorry. 
 Apparently, this is how they do it in Hong Kong. 
 I wouldn't be surprised if he walked over and started punching your partner over there to get some answers. 
 Excuse me? 
 Whoa, whoa. Calm down. 
 Just a little E.R. humor to lighten the mood. 
 Hunter : My dad held his position. 
 Even though the explosion caused the entire truck to fill with smoke. 
 (coughing) 
 Get well soon, sir. 
 Lee, we need to get out of here. 
 What's this? 
 Detective Lee, and his unnamed partner, are pursuing several leads. 
 Unnamed?! 
 Nurse : Sir. 
 Can you please refrain from screaming at the television? 
 Ma'am, this television is lying, okay? 
 (ringtone playing) 
 Hello? 
 Yes, is this the "unnamed detective"? 
 Please tell me you got something good, Didi. 
 Well, we got a VIN off that burned-out bike. 
 Turns out it was stolen from a motorcycle shop out in the Valley about a month ago, along with five other bikes. 
 I appreciate that. 
 Whoever it was, they got over to the security system, far side of the room there. 
 Disabled the whole thing without being detected. 
 They were ghosts. 
 Lee : Think I saw a shadow. 
 Listen, no human being gets across that room without being detected. 
 Unless they flew. 
 Keep an eye on the live camera. 
 Carter : I know what you're trying to do, Lee, but this is not the direction I'm trying to take here. 
 Can you see me now? 
 On the screen, no. 
 (grunting) 
 How about now? 
 No. 
 Whoa. 
 Can't get any farther than that, man. 
 Now? 
 Carter : Okay, I see you there. 
 All right, Lee, that's as far as it goes. 
 You're gonna hurt yourself. 
 That's a ten-foot gap. 
 I don't know if I like where this is going. 
 (grunting) 
 You see me? 
 No. 
 (grunts) 
 Huh. 
 Well, that's really impressive. 
 I know who can get across this room without being detected. 
 A group of thieves, highly trained. 
 Likely martial artists. 
 Quantou. 
 They left this hand loop behind. 
 We're gonna need that for evidence. 
 This isn't yours, is it? 
 Yeah, I'm always climbing across the ceiling. 
 I'm like a cat. 
 Didi : So I checked out the harness. 
 It says "hand loop," which is exactly what it is. 
 The kind of thing that acrobats or circuses use. 
 But that's not Chinese writing. 
 No, it's Ukrainian. 
 Which isn't too surprising since that Ukrainian gang operates on that side of Hollywood. 
 Mm-hmm. They're called the Shevchenko Bratzva, and motorcycles are a big part of their profile. 
 And, by the way, our armored car travels dead center through their territory. 
 Somebody needs to tell Lee that he's completely wrong. 
 I'll do it. 
 Please try not to smile. You look way too happy. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Go home, brother. 
 Don't. 
 My father used to say one must see all the pieces before making a puzzle. 
 That's my sister when our parents were still alive. 
 They bought her a puppy. I've never seen her so happy. 
 Lee... 
 Yeah? 
 I know you want the Quantou involved because then we'd be closer to finding your sister, but... 
 She's my only family. 
 Go on. 
 (whispering): I didn't know there was gonna be a dog. 
 What the hell? I feel really bad for him. 
 What's happening to me? 
 Maybe you're maturing. 
 That can't possibly be it. 
 Just tell him. 
 Look, Lee... we checked every source we have. 
 Every source? 
 Yes, okay? 
 Nobody's seen any new Chinese gang on the street. 
 However... 
 There's a Ukrainian gang, the Shevchenko Bratzva. 
 Carter : These guys fit our profile perfectly. 
 Sorry, man. 
 What is that? 
 Video footage from some guy in the traffic jam. 
 I can see that, but why you didn't tell me about this? 
 "Badass Cop." Are you kidding me? 
 It shows nothing of the heist, a little bit of the motorcycles... 
 Carter, please stop stalling. 
 M-Man, look at me go. I'm at least five feet off the ground. 
 Didi : Five feet? That's, like, eight inches. 
 Lee, the truth is, based on the utility strap we found, we have a good lead on a Ukrainian gang that profiles perfectly into this crime and nothing substantial on any sort of Quantou activity. 
 This very much looks like a robbery gone wrong that you successfully stopped. 
 Nothing more. 
 Ooh, watch this. Frame by frame. Look at this, look at this, look at this. 
 (laughs) 
 Hold on, go back. 
 What? 
 Lee : Those backpacks are full. 
 But they were empty when they arrived. 
 They did get something. There was something else in the back of that truck. Okay, so our armored car is owned by a company called Klenk Security. Oh, Klenk Security. Yeah, they're a smaller firm. What is your criminal cousin doing here? Uh, excuse me. I resent that label. I was brought here on official police business, sir. Were you arrested? Questioned but not charged. Anyway, I just came by to say hello and I heard you guys talking about Klenk, a firm that I used to work with. Does "work with" mean steal from? Who amongst us can say, Lee? The point is, Klenk's owner strikes me as a bit shifty. He has the vibe of a criminal. You have the vibe of a criminal. I don't claim to be a perfect man, but I strive every day to be an honest one. Where'd you get those glasses? Oh, uh, from the desk. You just took them? I borrowed them. I was gonna return them. You know, you guys are really judgmental. If I wanted to be judged, I would have actually went to court this morning. ♪ ♪ Okay, let's make a plan, because you have a habit of accusing everyone as soon as you walk in. But in America, we have something called "good cop... Chinese cop who shuts up cop," which means you let me talk to this guy before you accuse him of being a criminal. Are you calling me a criminal? Yes. And I cannot be sure that you were not involved in robbing your own company. That would be the worst thing I could do. Insurance could pay it off. If I had that type of coverage, which I don't. You have no working video cameras, your guards have to bring their own weapons, and you are not insured for this kind of theft. Yeah, I don't know if you did your own research, but we're the worst company in town. Which is why I believe you were transporting something else. Why was there no cameras in the back? What-what is it with th-this guy and cameras? He collects footage. He's got, like, this Chinese cop Pinterest board going on for the case. There's a camera mounted outside of dispatch in the depot. Feel free to check that out. I got nothing to hide. Klenk : The car was empty when they left here. Satisfied? No, I am appalled by your lack of shame for being a terrible businessman. I can live with that. Whatever those bikers stole, it was placed in the car along the way. Placed? The hopper is the only one with access to the back, and he has not changed his story. Which is why we must continue along the armored car route until we find what it was. Look, Lee, we obviously have very different ideas on how to solve this case. I feel like we have a real investigation in motion, with real evidence that points towards an actual Eastern European motorcycle gang, which, I think, trumps your hunch about your sister and a backpack. I'm not doing the whole retrace the steps and watch security footage move. It's a waste of my time. Lee : There is the hopper. You have receipts for this? In the back. Carter : He'll also want copies of your security footage, HD if possible. He's working on a project. You coming? I'm expecting a phone call. Oh, hell no! Gerald. Oh! Uh, wh-what's up, cuz? How you doing, man? What in the world are you doing here? Tell me you not trying to break into a car in broad daylight. (laughs) You think I'm trying to break into this car? Man, that's hilarious. No, I'm just trying to open it up because a friend of mine locked his keys inside. What friend? Laurence. Who is that? A friend. Where you know him from? College. You didn't go to college. We did security. Well, where he at? His wife is having a baby. Why can't I see the keys that's supposedly locked in the car? I'm trying to figure out that same thing. Hey, uh, have you heard of a Ukrainian gang by the name of Shevchenko Bratzva? Oh, hell yeah. That's right here in Hollywood. There's a dude named Pavlo Kulyka; he runs the whole thing. He has a terrible haircut. It's ridiculous. How do you know all this? A friend told me. Hand it over. Fine, man, but you're gonna have to deal with Laurence. There ain't no Laurence! Take your ass home! Oh, man, damn! Crazy-ass cousin. H-Hey, excuse me. What's the timetable on getting a batch of "Badass Cop" shirts printed? Bad what now? You know, "Badass Cop." From YouTube. I need some shirts made. And there's a, uh... there's a screenshot I want to e-mail to you. You mean that little boy skipping? That is a man. This is a grown-ass man flying into action against a team of not-Chinese criminals. (ringtone playing) Ah, excuse me. Didi, what you got for me? I knew it! I knew... You're the best. We'll be right there. They check out. What a surprise. We need to get back to the station. Didi : It's an explosive device, triggered by a wireless detonator. Found it attached to the charred bike. Guess who works with this kind of thing. Pavlo Kulyka, head of the Shevchenko Bratzva, who was arrested in Kiev for using C-4 to blow out a storefront a few years ago. I don't understand. And how can you pronounce Shevchenko Bratzva but not Quantou? Kulyka is the head of the Ukrainian gang that runs that part of Hollywood. He has a weak alibi, a serious cash problem and a passion for explosives. In other words, Lee, he's our guy. Let's go pick him up. 
 
 Pavlo Kulyka. Who wants to know? LAPD. Carter : Man, if you had told me that was the plan, I could've done it, too. Pavlo : So... you are not here to kill me. Wonderful. Sit. We'll stand. We need to ask some questions about an attack on an armored car. Carter : And we could do that the official way, get a warrant, bring you in with your very expensive lawyer... Lawyer is like a leech on my ass. Leech on your ass? The hell going on down there? Or we could just keep it simple, save you some money, and we could go talk. Okay. But I cannot be seen talking to cops. We go your place. Right this way. Okay. But you sitting in the back. Carter, Pavlo is not responsible. Lee, we just convinced that guy to come here and talk without even waving a warrant. Exactly. He's confident because he's not involved. The dude is right on the other side of that door. And you saw his hair... that alone proves he's guilty. Now can you just come along with me on this before he changes his mind? Fine. But we do good cop, black cop. It's "good cop, Chinese cop who shuts up cop." It's racist the way you say it. Pavlo, my friend. First, I need to praise you on your planning and motorcycle skills. That was one hell of a robbery yesterday. But you left evidence at the motorcycle shop and at the scene. So I'd like to introduce my partner to you, who doesn't trust anybody and is a master at karate. Once again, that is Japanese. Either way, he'll break you. Did you do this? No. I have no more questions. What the hell? Man, can I speak to you outside? Bring your ass out here. When I give you a setup like that, you have to go in for the kill. The man's profile did not paint him as smart enough to plan that crime. I believe he was innocent. That's it? That's all you got? Now can we go to the next stop on the armored car route? Come on, man. (sighs) I can't do this much longer, Lee. Kulyka's probably somewhere cleaning up his mess as we speak, and you won't stop with this robotic obsession. I understand my methods may seem cold to you. As soon as I find my sister, I will go back to my jovial ways. Somehow I think "jovial" means something different in Chinese. ♪ I like the way she feels... ♪ (Australian accent): All I know is I almost lost a bunch of cash in that heist, and that armored car company is the worst. So what's happening? You got any suspects? That is police information only. I'm going to need to see your security footage. If you don't have any answers, I really don't have time for you people. I got a capacity crowd tonight, and I got to get this bar open. Yeah, well, the thing is, you kind of have to make time for the cops. So, unless you don't want us to stay here and double-check every I.D. at the door tonight, you'll give us everything my friend here asks for. Freakin' Australians. Do you know they take all our movie roles? Russell Crowe, Chris Hemsworth... There's something suspicious here. Of course there's something suspicious here. We're at a bar in Hollywood. This is the only camera they show up on. They come in the back, pull up... ...two minutes, 46 seconds later, he comes back out. We done? No. We're not done. Why is he going back inside? Seven missing minutes. You know anything about this? About what? Don't move. The hopper started here. (watch beeps) Three and a half minutes. Three and a half minutes there, three and a half minutes back. Are we doing what I think we're doing? We are figuring out where he went. (watch beeps) Now what? There's marks on the floor. Lee. What do we have here? Are you kidding me? Lee... I love you, man, I love... I mean, it was stupid and completely random how you kept digging, but look at this, huh? We're heroes. Man, I did not want a partner. I did not want a partner. I thought you was awkward, but we did it, man. Hey, hey, hey, back it off, old man. We got you, dead to rights. Okay. All right. We found El Chapo. What's happening? All right, Lee, we're gonna divide and conquer. I'll take the old man in the apron, you take everybody else. All right, I don't think any of us want to be firing weapons around all these chemicals. What is that, Oxy? Good stuff. One stray shot and you blow up the block. That's right, everybody listen to the man with his hair in a bun. That's right. Uh-huh. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Jafar from  Aladdin,  put the gun down! You could've left... but now we can't let you go. All right. I'm gonna give all you guys a second to surrender. I didn't want to have to admit this, but I am Badass Cop. Carter, I have a confession. Yeah? The video is about me. What? I am the Badass Cop. It says so in the "read more" part. I don't read more. Comments don't lie, man, I'm sorry. It was my car! It was my idea! Why are you trying to take this away from me?! Huh? Do you realize how long I've been waiting to be properly recognized from strangers off the Internet?! (grunting) (man yelling) (yelling) (Carter shrieks) (grunting) (grunting continues) Huh? You didn't know I could do all that, did you? Hey, why the old man keep mad-dogging me? I don't think he's dogging anyone. No, he dogging me. You want some, old man? 'Cause I don't give a damn, come on. (gasps) All right. (groaning) Carter, this is why you have to respect your elders. You beat up an old man, Lee. You got beat up by an old man, Carter. Touché. I'll call it in. Donovan : The illegal drug lab was uncovered by the excellent work of Detectives Lee and Carpenter. Uh, let me spell that for you. C-A-R-P-E-N-ter. Man, you know I don't like hanging around police stations. Did you bring a camera? I need you to film the press conference that's about to go down. I have a hunch Cole's going to ask me to talk to the press. I brought a phone. Is it stolen? You didn't say nothing about not bringing a stolen phone. To a police station? Well, full disclosure, I just stole it. When? Ten seconds ago. Ten seconds ago? You want me to film it or not? You're my cousin, you have to. All right? And then post it online, under the title, "Badass Cop Gives Badass Press Conference." Ooh. Carter. A word. Yes, Captain. I just want you to know that I was called a fool for allowing a Hong Kong detective to stay on the force. And I told those people they were wrong. It was you who said that. I had a point, but I stand corrected. The bottom line is, pairing you with Lee was a stroke of genius on my part. No, you two together as a team could be my masterpiece. I appreciate that. Yeah, and because you made me look good and you took down that drug lab, I'm gonna give you one more chance to address the media. Lindsay. Don't call me Lindsay. What is courage? I'll give you nine examples. One: We have to go. Not again. All right, every time I get a chance to do my speech, you pull me away. Is this all about personal glory to you? No. Okay. It's just that I never get recognized for anything. I wouldn't expect you to understand. Damn it. Now I feel bad. Asian guilt is much worse than regular guilt. What do you want to do? The club owner has admitted to everything. Before Narcotics take over, we need to interrogate the armored car hopper. I need to know if the Quantou was involved. You still on that? I've never left that. Please, I have to be 110% sure. Come on, man. Hey, there's birthday cake in the conference room. Who's Diane? I ate the "D." I've never heard of a Quantou, and I didn't see any Chinese gangs. It was just me and the bar owner. He offered me a chance at easy money. I pick up the drugs and I move them for him. Is he eating my Jell-O? You don't need it. You'll get jail Jell-O. We need to know who robbed you. The only one I was supposed to fear were the Shevchenko Bratzva. The Ukrainians. Yeah. We were in their territory, but my deal was between me and the Playhouse owner. I didn't think anybody would get hurt. I'm so sorry, Jimmy. You son of a bitch. My dad's your friend and you almost get him killed. I'm sorry, Lee. I know this kind of spoils your theory. My dad told me about these Ukrainian gangsters near the drop-off a month ago. He was so scared, and I-I told him, I said, say something to your boss about it, but Dad doesn't like to complain. I should have been there. Come on, Lee. Okay, wait, so why are you guys here so early? It's like 5:30. Okay, look, all right? I think Lee was still too depressed to come, so I moved up the time so he couldn't say no. (door opens) Why is he here? Oh, I brought the cake. Did you steal that cake? No, I didn't steal this cake, man. This birthday cake is for everybody. Yeah, Diane's cake. Well, tell Diane thank you. (laughing) I have to apologize. I was so blinded by my desire for this heist to be the work of the Quantou, that I put you all in danger. Nah, all in a day's work, my strange little foreign friend. I slowed down a well done investigation. Ah, you're still learning how we do. All right, you've been in this country, what, like, ten minutes, huh? You'll get it. I was impressed. I was impressive. Delicious, D. Thank you. Yes. How every loose end was tied up. Every clue pointed in the same direction. Almost every person in this case has been guilty. That never happens. So consistent. Yeah. Too consistent. Carter, there were no loose ends. Yeah, that's the problem. Oh, my God, every single clue went in the same direction. What are you talking about? Why have I been believing everything I've been seeing? We need to start over. Start over? Yeah. And I know exactly where. Can I finish this? Wait, this is "Badass Cop"? I thought you said they had a million hits. This say 403. You know, the view kind of resets after you hit ten million. No, it doesn't. Man. I've seen this stunt done a bunch of times, but it's even sweeter in the real world. Where have you seen that stunt? In the movies. Which movies? Big Truck 5. Ice Monsters. All the  Fast and the Furious  movies... well, except  Tokyo Drift. Yeah, the guy on the motorcycle always lays it down the same way. You see how he had like this slide. Kind of look fake. (grunts) I know who can do that. A group of thieves. Highly trained. (engines revving) Carter :  All our witnesses say they were amazing on their bikes. Like performers. None of what we've been watching has been real. Not the evidence. Not the clues. And you said it, Lee. Every guy in this case has been guilty, so why are we assuming that the one guy left... isn't. Excuse me. Jimmy Robinson. They were all stunts. Yeah, but Jimmy was inside the van. Then he had help. Carter :  The son was limping when he got up. Jimmy's son Hunter followed his father into the stunt industry. He's got more than 36 credits. Get on the phone, Didi. Call the hospital. Tell the shift nurse nobody leaves that room. The driver was on to the hopper's drug-running scheme, but instead of turning him in, he found it as the opportunity for the perfect crime. He put together a team of stuntmen, right, including his son. Made it look like Ukrainians... the same gang that the company told him to be wary of... and waited for the cops to put the pieces together. But he didn't plan on one thing. Badass cops. Come on, Lee. Let's go nail this son of a bitch. Oh, my bad. I thought y'all was done. Your mouth greasy as hell. Carter : He's gone. What the hell? We need some help in here! Come on, here. Right here, right here, right here. They're on the run. Lee. Oh, oh, okay. I'm gonna take the stairs. Excuse me. Are you crazy? ♪ I got self-preservation ♪ 
♪ My eyes on survival ♪ 
♪ I'm living with the lost ♪ (tires squealing) ♪ If no one's awake ♪ 
♪ Then there's no one who can play along ♪ 
♪ I need a rival ♪ 
♪ I need a rival ♪ Stop the car! ♪ Killing for survival ♪ 
♪ I need a rival ♪ 
♪ I need a rival ♪ 
♪ I found my soul, let's set it on fire ♪ 
♪ I'm not the righteous ♪ 
♪ I'm not the innocent ♪ 
♪ I'm just a sign ♪ 
♪ It's all gone wrong ♪ 
♪ I need a rival ♪ (brakes screeching) ♪ I found my soul, let's set it on fire. ♪ Let me see your hands! Huh? Badass Cop, hey. Huh? Hey... ♪ ♪ First of all, let's take a look at the positives: in just one day you put ten very bad boys and one extremely athletic old man in jail. And now the negatives: someone stole the remainder of Diane's cake. And it seems that that same person charged an order of T-shirts to the department that read "Bad Asscop." Um, yeah, well, as far as the shirts are concerned, they're for the whole department. As a morale boost, really. And you pronounced it wrong. It's actually Badass Cop. No, no, no. The, uh, the T-shirts were delivered to the billing address, here. And they all very clearly read... "Asscop". (sighs) She said no refunds. And it was expedited. The charges for the T-shirts and a new cake for Diane will be deducted from your next paycheck. You may go. Lee, I'm going to be honest with you. I might have gotten a little carried away today. That's okay. It was very exciting. Nah, it's not just that. You know, for years now, no matter what I've done, I'm always the forgotten one at this department. You know, and it sucks, man. I mean, when I first got this job, I mean, I made goals for myself. Attainable goals. You know, graduate top of the class at the academy, make detective. Have a statue erected of me at Parker Center. Those are attainable goals? I haven't figured out all the details, all right? But look, I'm not finished. I learned something important from you. You do the work, you keep your head down, and respect comes from it. You know, and I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm going to at least try to be a little bit more like you. I mean, with this case, I've finally earned the respect from my fellow officers. Thank you for this shirt. I mean, it is beautiful. It's all cotton. Brings out my eyes. And look... you're life-size. Hey, hey, where'd you get that from? I need to try to return those. No, too late. I handed them all out. Everyone's wearing them. And I don't care what the shirt says, Carter, as far as asscops go, you're the best. Take care, Lee. Lee, I need you to go kick him in his forehead. Man : Do you see your brother? Yes, Hong Ji. Then I expect you to keep your eyes on him at all times. Our plans do not need his interference, understand? Yes, Hong Ji. Good. And one more thing: I may call upon you soon to do something difficult. I trust you will honor that request. Kim? Yes, Hong Ji. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 