Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x08 - Wind Beneath My Wingman - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x08 - Wind Beneath My Wingman https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=27296 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/20/16 07:08 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x08 - Wind Beneath My Wingman 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Hmm. 
 Are you sure you need all this protection? 
 Are you sure you don't? 
 Exactly. You don't know what to expect. 
 I've been working this case a long time. 
 This is PL. 
 PL? 
 "Pre-Lee." 
 Six months ago, I convinced Nina Taylor to testify against her ruthless criminal of a boss. 
 The company that your boss founded claims to specialize in private security, advanced field training and risk management advisement services. 
 But that's just a technical way of describing what he really offers his clients. 
 Private military. 
 The real money comes from drug trafficking, gun smuggling, murder for hire, and so on and so on. 
 Didi : Nina, you worked as Emmett Perry's assistant, okay? 
 You're the only person who can connect him to the criminals and cartels that he's been in business with. 
 I already told you everything I know. 
 And that was a big help. 
 But the only way that we are gonna bring him down is if you testify in court. 
 Testify in court? Are you out of your mind? 
 A-A trial could take months. 
 I probably wouldn't even make it to the stand. 
 He'll kill me. 
 Nina, he won't be able to touch you, all right? 
 You'll be in a safe house with round-the-clock protection. 
 Nothing bad is gonna happen to you. 
 Are you sure? 
 I promise. 
 So it's my responsibility to get her safely to that courthouse. 
 She's an incredibly brave woman, risking her life for a noble cause. 
 The fact that she's absolutely gorgeous isn't even relevant. 
 Why would you mention it, then? 
 Can you let me focus please? Ah. 
 This guy over here. 
 All right, uh, let me get two of those and a pair of those sticky gloves for climbing up buildings. 
 I'm sorry? 
 Sticky gloves. 
 Remember they used them in  Mission: Impossible. 
 Mission: Impossible Not with that attitude it isn't. Just show me what else you got. Cole : Carter? You being overly cautious or just indulging in childhood spy fantasy? That's correct. I guess that if anyone warrants extra caution, it's Emmett Perry. You believe he would attempt to kill a witness in broad daylight? He's a multi-millionaire CEO facing a possible death sentence. Now, his so-called "security management firm" is basically a private army. Carter : He's bad news, Lee. Trust me. Okay, you two ready? Ah! Captain, if there's one thing you can count on from us... Yeah, that bag's a little heavier than you expected, isn't it? No, it's about what I figured. Hey, Lee, don't walk too fast. We need to conserve our energy. Might have to dump some of this in the trunk. Man :  Mr. Perry,  if we don't take the deal now, they will pull it. Let them. At least consider it. Seven years... that's the best you're gonna get. Guilty plea will bring down my company. A guilty verdict could put you on death row. You don't want that for him. I don't. That's why we're paying you. And I'm doing everything I can, but juries are unpredictable, and the prosecution has your former assistant taking the stand today. No deal. All these cars are coming with us to the safe house? Actually, none of them are. These are all decoy cars in case Perry's guys have eyes on us. Here they are. SEAL Team Dicks. Carter : Hey. Don't be mad that the gorgeous witness asked me personally to escort her to court. And you're just a glorified valet with bizarre features and a pervy mustache. The job is transpo. And the 'stache is an all-star lineup of individual hairs that assemble to form a bushy badge of virility. (car approaching) But onto business. Here's your vehicle. That's inconspicuous. That's ass! I asked for a black sapphire M4 with dope rims and a moonroof. That's weird. I heard "beat-up '98 Honda." Cell phones. Now a quick scan for possible tracking devices. (device beeping) Turn please. Carter (quietly) : Oh, my God. Captain Karate's clear. (device beeping) Hang on. Safety first. Got to hit every nook and... cranny. Hey! That better not have been a finger. You're clean. I don't feel clean. I may never feel clean again. Burner phone. Untraceable. Good luck, ladies. See you at the courthouse, guys. All right, good luck. Detective Carter. Ms. Taylor, it's good to see you again. This is my new partner, Detective Lee. Hope the safe house wasn't too... Oh. We're doing hugs. That's what's up. (chuckles) We should get going. Um... We should get going. I'll grab my jacket. (quietly): Okay. We'll wait down here. Emmett Perry is a monster. And that beautiful, wonderful woman is gonna take him down. Carter. Are you in love with the witness? Excuse me? Why would you ask that? Well, you're standing tall with your chest puffed out, while simultaneously straining to flex every muscle in your body. You're talking crazy, Lee. Our objective is to get Ms. Taylor safely to trial. Okay, fine. All right, maybe I do have a little thing for her, but if you were a good partner, you would stop being judgmental and start being a wingman. What does that mean? You know, just act like I'm the coolest, most desirable man on Earth. I don't like to lie. I don't see how that's a factor. Stay focused. Be a good partner. I am a good partner. Then be a great one. All set. (sighs) Detective Carter is the most desirable man ever. Carter : Uh, that's... very kind of you, Detective Lee, but, uh, how about we get Ms. Taylor to our transport vehicle? Yeah. I don't know. He just got here. This vest is for you. Thanks. It'll protect you. Yeah. Right this way. This isn't my car, by the way. Just letting you know. Lee. Is it me, or is that a strange-looking bird? (quiet buzzing) It does not appear to be a bird. Does it appear to be a drone? Is everything okay? Maybe we should... Run! Come on, come on, come on, come on! ♪ ♪ 
♪ ♪ Come on! Follow me! This way! (groans) Get off! I mean, get up! Let's go! I don't see anyone. I think we lost them. We need to find out how they found us in the first place. But we need to keep moving. The courthouse is miles away. We don't have a car. I know a guy on the next block. Follow me. Give me your hand. By the way, wingman, how about next time, you let me handle the full-body contact with our witness? You don't want to block a brother. You're blocking a brother. (gunfire) (grunting) Carter : Come on! Come on! Give me... give me that. ♪ ♪ I thought you said you knew him. I do. But last month, I had to arrest him for indecent exposure. Streaking. He was just streaking. Wh-What's the difference between indecent exposure and streaking? Streaking's funny. (knocking) Open up! (whispering): Listen to me. My wife is in here. Do you know how hard it was for me to keep my little incident from her? It  was  a little incident, but  it was a cold night... don't beat yourself up. But, look, man, we're in trouble and we need cover. Y-You don't have the right to just come in here whenever you want. Actually, failure to assist an officer of the law during exigent circumstances could result in criminal charges as well as fines. Damn, Lee. Somebody just update your software? I'm proud of you. Nina, come on, come on, come on, come on. Thank you, buddy. You know these cops? How? Uh... friends of friends. (laughs) No. (laughing) How did they find us, Lee? No one else knew about that safe house except a handful of officers. I don't know, tracking devices? We got scanned for bugs. I'm gonna call Didi. Diaz. Carter : Didi. The safe house was ambushed. Ambushed? Are you sure? Unless the drone bomb came to the wrong address, yes, I'm very sure. Fortunately, Lee was there to play Mr. Cool and dry hump Nina like a spotlight-hogging hero, so we're good. But Perry's guys found us somehow. Okay. Let me get on it. Uh, I can send you a car. Didi, keep this quiet around the station. Whoever compromised us, they were most likely working from inside, so keep your guard up. There's got to be someone in there that we've come in contact with. There's a leak in the department? I don't know how else to explain it, Captain. I mean, who else was in on Carter and Lee's assignment this morning? A handful of detectives, motor pool, equipment, communications. I'll sweep them all. Okay, well, we got to get a vehicle to Carter. Do you have someone you trust? Of course. Nina, we have a car on the way. I know we had a big scare back there, but... Emmett wants me dead, Carter. You promised me I'd be safe. We're gonna get through this, okay? Let's get you a seat. I'll grab you a water and, uh, maybe a bandage for myself, since I got shot. I don't... I don't know if you saw that, but okay. So... how long have you and Bill been on the same bowling team? Uh... Uh... I-I don't even know. It feels like years, honestly. Really? 'Cause Bill doesn't bowl. Well, that's because he's too busy streaking. What did he just say? I-I don't know. I don't know why he said that. Jessica : Again, Bill? Carter, are you aware of the time? Let's hope this prosecutor knows how to stall. Your Honor, the witness is in the custody of her police escort. So you've said. What you haven't said is where exactly that police escort happens to be right now. Your Honor, this is getting absurd. The witness is already over an hour late. Let's move on. Prosecutor : I'm sure it won't be much longer. Based on what? Your Honor. If I could just ask for a brief recess, Your Honor. Okay, enough. I'll grant a recess of 90 minutes, but not a second more. If the witness hasn't appeared within that time, you will continue without her. ♪ ♪ Nothing. I know you're not feeling great right now, but look at it like this: at least you're not him. Damn it, he's just trying to... Again, Bill, again? I think it's sad that some people think it's okay to lie to their partners. It's disgusting is what it is, outrageous. You know, I-I guess I'm old-fashioned, but I always treat my partner with respect... and love. Oh, no, not him. Th-The other kind, man-woman relationship... when I'm in one, that is. Not that I am. At the moment, I'm single. Single as hell. Well, the last guy I was with turned out to be married. And I really trusted him. No. Tell you what, let's run through your testimony again, huh? Keep the wheels turning. I'm really not in the mood. Come on, I'll do my best stuffy, old lawyer impression. (clears throat) (nasally): How do you know Emmett Perry? I spent the last three years as a human resources manager at ZaviCon. Did you happen to see any of the men pictured here on my invisible diagram? The judge has agreed to allow invisible evidence today, so we're good. Well, in that case, then yes. I've seen him. Very interesting. You just pointed to Juan Patillo... (Nina chuckles) ...known leader of the Venora Cartel. Where did you encounter Mr. Patillo? On a business trip in Mexico City. I came by Emmett's room one night to deliver some paperwork and I saw him having a drink with Mr. Patillo. Mr. Perry claims his men acted without his knowledge when they took murder-for-hire contracts, which makes him a liar, which makes this a great time for the court to throw his sorry ass in jail. Case closed, we win. Who's up for some ice cream? (laughing): That was pretty good. That was pretty good? Accompanying your boss to foreign countries and making late-night deliveries to his hotel room... is that common for a human resource manager? Lee, what are you doing? I said case closed, ice cream. Oh, my job requirements varied. Whatever Emmett needed and... I notice you refer to Mr. Perry by his first name. Is that a company-wide policy? No, no, it isn't, but I... So just a privilege reserved for very special people, then? Carter : Okay. Objection, sidebar, recess. Can-can I talk to you over here, please? Lee, what are you doing? Lee : Foreign trips, late-night hotel visits, first-name familiarity. Suggesting what? Suggesting that she's holding back information from you, like the fact that her last boyfriend was married. (knock on door) Stay put. Man : Maintenance. Neighbor downstairs has a leak in the ceiling. Need to come in and check for the source. (quietly): Make something up. Uh, no leak in here. Must be a mistake. Water damage is serious, Bill. Are there any other exits? No. No mistake. I can hold up the work order for you to see. (gunshot) (Jessica screams) Get to the farthest bathroom, lock the door, call 911! Go, go, go, go! I'm gonna find a way out. Nina, come on, this way. Okay. There's got to be something in here to help us get down. What's he doing? Zip line? Only one clip? That's all they had. How safe is this? Hurry up. This should work. Nina. And we're sure a spatula is the best tool we have? That was not a wingman move. Oh. Okay. (high-pitched screaming) (high-pitched screaming) (gasping) Oh! Carter : Oh, oh, come on! Go, go! Go, go! Go, go, go! Come on, come on. This way. I got to call Didi. Everyone safe? Hey, Lee, come here. I hope you have a bulletproof excuse on why you grabbed Nina instead of letting me. I made a comparative analysis as to which one of us was more likely to drop her. And? 
 
 Didi : Carter, Carter. So, the prosecutor bought you an extra 90 minutes. Are you in the car? Sadly, no. We were forced to leave the apartment when a wad of C-4 blew the front door off. ZaviCon found us, Didi. Again! What?! That's impossible! No, Cole and I looked into every single cop who knew about that safe house. There are no leaks on our end. Oh, somebody end is leaking! There's a leaky end! Or they're tracking us. How? We got a burner phone, no vehicle, we got scanned for bugs. ZaviCon's tracking technology is the most advanced you can find. They have devices smaller than a square centimeter, thin as paper, they can fit anywhere on the human body. I don't like the implication of that statement. If someone tagged us with one of these tracking devices, how would we be able to block the signal? You'd have to be standing behind a giant lead wall or ten feet underground. There's a red line stop on Seventh. Didi, we're going underground. Okay. Come on, let's go. Look, I wish I didn't have to ask, but we're in crisis here. Now, you would never knowingly take steps to kill Detective Carter, right? I'm thinking probably not. Didi : Donovan, this is the wireless transmission detector that you used to screen Carter and Lee for bugs this morning. Now, can you say with absolute certainty that it was functioning normally, showed no sign of a defect, was used properly... How would you use it improperly? I didn't attempt to eat a salad with it, if... if that's what you're asking. All right, that... that is not what anybody is asking. Donovan, was this thing working properly this morning? Yes, it was. Well, then I have no idea how they could possibly have been bugged. I think I might. Wait a second. See, this should be alerting to the signal from my phone. So why isn't it working? Because... ...of this. Son of a bitch. And what... and what is that, ex-exactly? A circuit jammer, Donovan. Now look. (beeping) There's no way anyone could have slipped that on there without my knowing. The device was in my hand or by my side the entire day. From the moment that equipment tech handed it to me. Lee : Keep your eyes open for anything suspicious. No cell reception. I think we're clear of tracking signals. I'll check the crowd for threats. Nina, I have to ask you something. Was your relationship with Emmett Perry anything more than strictly professional? It was only a few months. He and his wife were separated... that's what he told me. And the second I found out he lied about it, I broke it off. You hid this from me. From everyone in the department. I was embarrassed. I didn't want anyone to know, let alone have it be a matter of public record. And besides, I don't see how that's any of your concern. The case, Nina. The criminal case we're trying to build against Perry... this may take it down. What do you mean? Why should that matter? Because you are a woman scorned. A jilted lover who will stop at nothing to get revenge. That's how the defense lawyer will portray you. That's not why I'm doing this. I just want Emmett to pay for his crimes. To stop him from hurting anyone else. We believe you, but the jury might not. But no one knows. Only Emmett. He would never tell anyone. He would never want his wife to know. Ordinarily not, but between that and the possibility of life in prison, he'll take his chances with the angry wife. But... okay. But if a jury believes me, then we still have a shot? A shot. Just a much smaller shot than we thought. Equipment tech is gone. No surprise there. No, what is surprising is that he left his car here. I could testify, and he could still walk. What am I supposed to do? Live in a safe house for the rest of my life? Man (over P.A.) : Attention, metro passengers. Max Studberg, pick up the nearest emergency phone. Max Studberg, there's a call for you. Carter. Where are you going? I got to take that call. Lee : Roughly half of what he does makes little to no sense to me. Excellent recall on that code name, Didi. Your ridiculous Halloween costume a few years back? It was dope as hell. Now, what did you find? Well, your equipment tech was a plant. He killed the real tech, stole his I.D., and left his body in the trunk of his car. Damn. He must have placed a tracking device on you. How do we find our bug, make sure we're not next? I mean, without the right equipment, you probably don't. That equipment tech gave us every piece of gear we have. Including the pants I'm wearing now. I know. You're gonna have to get rid of it. Which "it"? All of it. Anything he touched. Leave it in the backpack, and I'll have a patrol car pick it up. Dang. That's just about everything. Lee, I need your pants. What? I need your pants, Lee. Why? Because I got to ditch mine. But if I give my pants to you, then I won't have pants. I do realize that. But these are the sacrifices a wingman makes. Lee, I need your pants. Oh, that's cold, Lee. You're as cold as ice. Bad wingman. Bad. I can't do this. It's just your vest. Other than that, you're fine. No, I can't let you guys risk your lives for me. Not if we're not gonna win the case. Okay, I didn't say we won't. There's a chance. I'm sorry, but if I'm gonna go through with this, I need more than just a chance! Nina! Nina! Where are you going? Get off the train. We'll try to help you. Nina, get off the train. Nina, where you going?! Nina, get off the train! Nina, where you going?! Nina! What the hell was Nina thinking? It doesn't matter if she runs now. Emmett won't call off his soldiers until she's dead. We will find her before they do. Let's hope we find a lead at that safe house. What you looking at?! Lee, I need to commandeer somebody's pants. You can't do that. They won't know that. We don't have time. We have to get to the safe house. She's got to be in court in 40 minutes. Find anything? Some books, some clothes. Nothing that can really tell us where she's gone. Are those Nina's pants? They were the only ones that fit. Nina just found out her testimony might get kicked. She said she needed to find more. What if she's not running for her life? What if she's looking for some smoking gun type of evidence against Emmett? Well, that still wouldn't tell us where she would be. How did I miss that detail about her having a relationship with Perry? I guess I have a blind spot when it comes to smart, sexy-ass, beauty-mark-on-the-nose, and lips like plump little pillows. (chuckles) Does that make me a bad man, Lee? No, not bad. Dumb, but not bad. Come on, man. You're telling me you never got distracted from a job by a beautiful woman? One time, when I was a traffic cop in Hong Kong, I pulled over a woman for speeding. She was very attractive. Okay. I feel you. I was going to let her off with a warning, but then I composed myself, and I wrote her the citation she deserved. I thought that story was going somewhere else. That's a horrible story. Got to be something around here. Cell phone. It's deactivated, but still should have information about where she used to go. Uh, let's see, most traveled routes. Home address, work address. What's this? 13928 Juniper Road. Well, public records say that it's owned by Twin Pine Grove LLC. Twin Pine Grove. That's the name of one of Emmett's shell corporations. The house could be Emmett and Nina's... love nest. Maybe he was hiding more than just his mistress there. We need to get to that house. And I know who we can trust to get us there. ♪ Ah-ha, hush that fuss ♪ 
♪ Everybody move to the back of the bus ♪ 
♪ Do you want to bump and slump with us... ♪ What's up, cuz? A bus? Are you insane? Yeah. Says the man wearing the lady yoga pants. ♪ Do you want to bump and slump with us... ♪ You're welcome. ♪ Make the club get crunk ♪ 
♪ Many a day has passed ♪ 
♪ The night has gone by, but still I find... ♪ Carter, I understand this is urgent, but we should not be riding around in a stolen vehicle. You know I can hear you, right? I understand that you can hear me. I did not mean for you not to. How you know it's stolen? Come on, man. Maybe I won it in a poker game. Then why'd you start that sentence with the word "maybe"? And who goes all in with a school bus? This dude... Will. What's his last name? Smith. No, not the actor! Another Will Smith. What is this? Uh, I-I don't know what that is. I ain't never seen that before. Then why does it say "Gerald"? Coincidence? What does it all mean? Gerald, did you get a job? (quietly): Yes, man! I got a part-time job, okay? But you got to keep that on the down low, because if the homies in the street find out... Man, who am I gonna tell? I am going to need to see your commercial driver's license though. Hey, sass me again, and I will turn this bus around, okay?! You think I'm playing with you? Try me! ♪ Ah-ha, hush that fuss ♪ 
♪ Everybody move to the back of the bus. ♪ (gate creaks) ♪ ♪ Nina. (gasps) How did you find me? I said I would protect you. That's what I'm trying to do. I'm sorry I ran, Carter. I just thought that if I could find something concrete on Emmett, then... It wouldn't matter. This is an illegal entry. You shouldn't even be in this house. But since you are... did you happen to come across anything useful? Well, I just got this safe open. Oh, that's great. Let's see what we have in here. Carter, we don't have a warrant. Anything we see here won't be admissible in court. Not necessarily. We were in hot pursuit of a suspect when we came into this residence, were we not? And that would make our entry legal, even if hers wasn't. That's surprisingly solid. Yeah, I actually impressed myself right there. Man, this is a pretty swag spot for a side chick crib. What? Oh, so y'all can poke around for evidence, but a brother can't eat no pretzels? Well, I don't see anything here. Carter : I get what most of this stuff is doing in here, but, I mean, what's up with this book? The Art of War. Uh, maybe it's his favorite passage. That he thinks someone is gonna steal? Nah, everything in here is something valuable. Or a key to something valuable. That's it. The sentence is a key. The best way to protect data is with a passphrase instead of a password. It's harder to crack. And ZaviCon's files were encrypted when the computers were seized. And no one could ever figure out the key. But I think we just did. (phone rings) Carter, where are you? We're on our way to court, but I need a favor. Get forensics to dig out the computer evidence for the Emmett Perry case. We got the decryption key. Okay, I will. And, wait, Carter. I need a favor, too. I'm sending you a photo of the fake equipment tech. Show it to Nina and see if she knows him. She used to work HR at ZaviCon. All right. (phone chimes) This is the man who infiltrated the station. You recognize him? Nina : Yes. He used to work for ZaviCon. Used to? Yeah, Emmett fired him last year. Said he was incompetent, called him a traitor. There's no way he would do another job with him, especially not something like this. Uh, maybe they reconciled. Or maybe Emmett's not the one trying to kill you. Carter : Good news. Didi just uncovered a wire transfer from Patillo in Emmett's files. Payment for a hit. Yeah. She's fast-tracking the paperwork now. We got him. Okay, you-you lock him up, and where does that leave me? Someone's trying to kill me. I don't know. Who else would be trying to stop you from testifying? I... (sighs) I don't... Carter : Maybe if we have another run-in with his hit man, we'll know for sure. Wait, nah. This is messed up. Carter :  What's going on?  Why you pulling over? Look, I agreed to take y'all to the courthouse, but I ain't say nothing about chasing no scary-ass hit man! Don't worry, Gerald. We're not gonna chase anyone. They're tracking our backpack. If we pick it up, it'll lead those guys  straight to us. (steady beeping) (beeping continues faster) (rapid beeping) (both grunt) (both coughing) Get your ass over here! You have the right to remain silent. You're not so tough without your... (grunting) (gun clicks) Aw, man, not the bus, Lee! Not the bus! Hey, cuz! Use this to hit him! Uh-uh! (groans) Yeah, I put this weight on you. You ain't going nowhere with this weight on you. (Lee grunting) Carter, give me a hand. Are you okay? That was amazing. Well, I appreciate that. It ain't no big deal. Just doing what I can do as an officer, you know. Uh... all right. Let's see. I think I may know who sent these guys to kill you. Witness for the prosecution, Nina Taylor, is here to testify. Your Honor, they're way too late. We've already moved on. Didi : These are bank records showing Emmett receiving payment for the hit. I'd like to introduce some of Emmett Perry's computer files into evidence. Objection! Lack of foundation. How do we know the source of this material? Your Honor, I assure you that the proper chain of custody has been followed and documented. Overruled, assuming they have the documents they claim to. Lawyer : Your Honor, something about this just doesn't sit right with me. They stall all day, and now they come in with brand-new evidence? Permission to address the court, Your Honor? Granted. We would have been here on time if I wasn't busy getting shot, and if someone wasn't trying to kill our witness. Judge : Detective Carter, are you alleging witness tampering? I am. Thanks for asking. Jaclyn, we're gonna need you to head down to the station and answer a few questions on how you attempted to murder Nina Taylor. What? Oh, oh, she didn't tell you? She paid one of your old employees to put together a little hit squad to off Nina today. Gave them access to your best ZaviCon toys and everything. Jackie, you were trying to protect me? (sighs) I think that's WASP for "no." I'm guessing she was tired of your cheating ass and wanted to leave you. Just wanted to make sure that your company was worth something when she did. Kill Nina, kill the case, file for divorce. How's that plan working out? Hey. Hi. How you doing? Good. So, uh, I know you typically go for old, white murderers... (chuckles) You're funny, I'll give you that. I was just thinking, you know, we got a lot in common, all right? You've been chased by assassins, I've been chased by assassins. Apparently, we wear the same size pants. Wait, what? Uh, of course not. I've never worn your pants. But anyways, this is what I'm saying... I think it would just benefit everyone here if you gave me your number. Or I could just look it up in your file. Or... maybe I already did. (chuckles) You seem like a great guy... I'm sensing a "but." ...but I'm gonna go live with my sister for a little while. In London. London. Wow. Cool city. You know, got those red buses. Big Ben. Adele. I just think 5,000 miles between me and the Perry family might be the fresh start I need. But you're welcome to come visit me anytime. (sighs) Thank you for saving my life. For everything. (phone chimes) Where's Nina going? Did my winging work? You did me a solid, Lee, and now I want to repay you. There's a sports bar down the street. My man just text me a bachelorette party just walked in. I'll be your wingman. Ah, no, thanks. Oh, I'm in the middle of a very fascinating book. (laughs) Lee, you are hilarious. That's not a joke. Let me teach you a very important saying that we have here in America. Bros before... prose. That is a strangely specific expression. Some people say it a little different. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 