Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - O Hostage! My Hostage! - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - O Hostage! My Hostage! https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=28211 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/05/16 10:13 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - O Hostage! My Hostage! 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Low ammo. 
 Nowhere to hide. 
 These guys got me pinned down. 
 Back to the wall. 
 Ten of them, and only one of me. 
 I like those odds. 
 You have the right to remain silent. 
 Permanently. 
 You read them their rights after you shot them. 
 Badass, right? 
 Tell me that "permanently" line wasn't dope. 
 Okay, you know what, I don't care what you think, all right? 
 You might be the man when it comes to that kung fu stuff, but with one of these, ain't nobody better than me. 
 Nobody. 
 (gunshots) 
 (whirring) 
 Captain. 
 Carter. 
 This is for you. 
 Not bad. 
 But if you think you're a better shot than me... 
 Oh, I don't think I'm better. Okay! 
 How about we go head-to-head right now to find out. 
 I'd love to. But I've got to get going. You see, I have tickets for the L.A. Concert Hall tonight. 
 Actually, it's a date. 
 A date? 
 Yeah, that's a thing that you go on when someone from the opposite s*x or the same s*x finds you attractive. 
 It's nothing you have to worry about. 
 Detective Lee. 
 I like her. (door shuts) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 The man is smart, handsome, successful. 
 We're talking orthoscopic surgeon here. 
 And I feel nothing. 
 You think there's something wrong with me? 
 I mean, could I be self-sabotaging? I... 
 Um... it's my first day. 
 You've been a real help. 
 Hey, buddy. You got a light? 
 (silenced gunshot, groans) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 Your seats are right down there. Second row. 
 Usher, excuse me. Can you help me find my seat? 
 Keep moving, lady. 
 Hello, gorgeous. 
 You miss me? 
 You've been gone for three minutes. 
 Here's your card back. 
 Oh, thanks so much. 
 Don't get any ideas, friend. She's spoken for. 
 But it's not just about looking good. 
 CrossFit is a way of life. 
 Huh. 
 Is that a fact? 
 Yeah. Cardio boxing for endurance and... tai chi for precision and focus. 
 Oh, fantastic. 
 Um, you know what, I should visit the ladies' room. 
 So how 'bout I just meet you back at the seats? 
 (musicians warming up) 
 (indistinct chatter) 
 (door shuts) 
 Man : We don't want any trouble. 
 Man 2 : Let me see your hand! Hey, put it down. 
 Put it... (grunting, thumps) 
 (silenced gunshots) 
 (beeping) 
 Police! 
 Hands in the air! 
 Now turn around... slowly. 
 (grunts) 
 (gunshots) 
 A phone. 
 (rattling) 
 (rattling continues) 
 (knob rattling in distance) 
 (quietly): Yes. Service. 
 Oh, I got to switch carriers. 
 This is Captain Lindsay Cole. 
 I'm at the concert hall downtown. 
 Shots have been fired. 
 Send officers immediately. 
 Carter : And you know what she calls me? 
 A "loudmouth jackass." Can you believe that? 
 Mm-hmm. I close out a case that nobody else could, and Captain Cole slaps me with insults. 
 Very disrespectful. 
 Carter, eat your jook. My what? 
 Jook. It's Chinese rice porridge with fish lumps. 
 "Fish lumps"? 
 I thought you was making Chinese food. 
 Where's my orange chicken and kung pao shrimp? 
 Kung pao shrimp... uh, Panda Express? 
 If he don't eat it, I will. 
 Ha! I think we just found a title for your autobiography. 
 Mm, I'm just hungry, is all. 
 (buzzing) 
 Carter : And we got the name for the sequel. 
 That's it. It's perfect. 
 Hey, you guys. 
 Captain Cole was in a firefight. 
 Is she okay? 
 I don't know. Details are still coming in. 
 It's an active shooter situation. 
 Find out everything you can. 
 We'll call you on the way. 
 Yep, already on it. 
 (siren chirping) 
 Carter : Lieutenant Holt. He'll get us up to speed. 
 He spent a few years in our division before going full-time into crisis negotiation. 
 He's a good guy, and he'll talk some smack. 
 "Talk smack"? 
 Yeah, smack. 
 Trash talk. Saying terrible things to people you like. 
 That looks like Detective Carter, but... he isn't talking... must not be him. 
 That unwrapped mummy in a uniform sounds a lot like my man Lieutenant Holt. 
 What's going on, man? 
 How you doing? 
 I've been better. Uh, Holt, this is my partner, Detective Lee. 
 Detective Lee. 
 Lieutenant. You are ugly. 
 He's new here. 
 So, what's the situation? 
 After the captain's call, patrol units showed up and found a black tie crowd running for their lives. 
 Turns out they were inside the concert hall when the first shots were fired, but they managed to get themselves out before the gunmen could seal off the building. 
 It sounds like we got at least four gunmen. 
 But they seem disorganized, sloppy. 
 Any more word from Cole? 
 We lost contact. 
 Maybe there's a way to slip a man inside unnoticed. 
 I mean, Lee and I could... 
 Easy, Carter. Now, you know the protocol. 
 You do not make a move until the S.O.C. arrives. 
 Commander Taymor. 
 Taymor? 
 Well, he's the most experienced man we have. 
 He's a stubborn, arrogant jackass. 
 I know. 
 I'm surprised the two of y'all don't get along. 
 Pace yourself, old man. Let me know if you need me to hold your hand to help you across the street. 
 You are less capable of attracting women than you claim to be. 
 Was that you talking smack? 
 Yeah. Did I get it right? 
 No. 
 Terrible. 
 Man, I hate this. 
 Captain Cole is inside there with a bunch of gunmen, and we're under orders to stay out here and do nothing. 
 Well, perhaps there's a way to do more than just stand around. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Man : If we find out that your cell phone is not in this bag, we will kill you. 
 In a moment, these gentlemen will be leaving the auditorium through the door in the back. 
 You are going to follow them. 
 Is that clear? 
 These are the hostages that got out. 
 These people were inside when the first shots were fired. 
 They may have some useful information. 
 There were at least eight that I saw. 
 All of them had guns. 
 I left my sweater inside. 
 Is there any way to go get my sweater? 
 I noticed one of them was praying. 
 Praying? 
 Well, it looked like he was praying. 
 He was, he was talking like this. 
 Both : Earpiece. 
 I saw they were using hand signals. 
 You know, like military stuff? 
 They fit in with the rest of us. 
 Except for the guns and ski masks. 
 Those guys with the masks, they'll be gone in a few hours. 
 Why do you say that? 
 I heard one of them say, uh... 
 "Worst-case scenario, we'll... run the staircase for a few hours and... then we're gone." 
 You're sure? That's exactly what they said? 
 I know what I heard. (soft chuckle) 
 Run the staircase a few hours, then they're gone. 
 Doesn't sound too disorganized to me. 
 (exhales) 
 Seriously? Not one freakin' bar? 
 (sighs) 
 Stop. Right there. 
 Turn around, slowly. 
 Sorry, uh... I was just... 
 Turn around or I'll blow your head... 
 (slurring): Hey, where-where is everybody? 
 Oh, are you... are you in the show? 
 Let me just ask you something. What sort of... 
 (grunting) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Holt. I want to run something by you. 
 Commander Taymor, this is... 
 Detective... 
 Carter, right? 
 That's correct, sir. Our captain is inside. 
 We haven't been able to reestablish contact with her, unfortunately. 
 Was there something else you needed from me? 
 Just a piece of information I wanted to run by Holt. 
 Anything you want to run by him you can run by me. 
 We believe these men are more organized than they appear. 
 They targeted specific hostages and let others escape. 
 Their hand signals suggest military training, and they may be planning on a specific time table, in a few hours, possibly through staircases. 
 And how did you determine this? 
 We spoke to some of the concertgoers, and what they told us... 
 You spoke to some witnesses? 
 I don't recall giving you an order to speak to witnesses. 
 You've handled, uh, what, 50, 60 hostage standoffs, uh, in your career? 
 Well, sir, I haven't, but... 
 Well, I have. 
 And I can assure you this situation is under my complete control. 
 Look around, huh? The building's completely surrounded. 
 We've got eyes on every possible exit point. 
 Here's how this one plays out. 
 These gunmen are gonna establish contact and state their demands. 
 My expert negotiator will listen sympathetically to these demands, and then we wait, while they slowly succumb to exhaustion, and then pathetically stumble out the front door to surrender without a single shot being fired. 
 Anything your... concertgoers have to say that says I'm wrong about that? 
 Yes, sir. 
 We have a witness who... will prove you wrong. 
 So many police! 
 Sir, could you tell these men what you told us? 
 You saw the gunmen talking on the stairs, and... 
 Yes, I did. 
 Uh, but they didn't see me, because I hid. 
 I'm very crafty. 
 But I did hear them say that they would run the staircase for a few hours, and then they'd be gone. 
 So, uh... how much am I going to get paid for this? 
 Well, that didn't go so well. 
 I think it's safe to say that Taymor's not hearing (phone dings) another word from us. 
 Unknown number. 
 "I'm upstairs. Alone." 
 Ah, this must be that Latin chick I met at the club last night. 
 Busy right now. 
 Will hit your sexy ass back later. 
 (sighs) Come on, you worthless piece of... 
 "Carter, you loudmouth jackass." 
 It's Cole! 
 Holt. Taymor. 
 What are you doing in there, Carter? 
 I got something for you. 
 No, I-I don't have time... 
 I got Cole. She's texting me from inside, so maybe you want to pay attention to that. 
 What is she saying? 
 Hang on. She's typing. 
 ...grenades... picture of... a girl... 
 Pickering... 
 What the...? Oh, damn autocorrect. 
 Okay, she stopped typing. 
 Right after "teddy, Peanut... pickle ring." 
 Th-This isn't even English. 
 Put down the phone. 
 Let's try this again. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 I swear, give me a reason... 
 And you'll blow my head clean off. Yes. 
 Uh... thank you, you've made that very clear. 
 There she is. 
 Our police officer. 
 I lost you for a while. 
 We were worried. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Not the greatest night of my life. 
 Tell you what, why don't we put an end to that. 
 Cole : Wait, wait, wait. 
 Just, um... think before you do this. 
 The police know I'm inside. 
 I made the call that brought them here. 
 You know, at some point they're gonna want proof that I'm okay... and if you can't give that to them, then they are going to assume the worst. 
 And once they believe you've killed a police officer, then... things are going to get very, very bad for you. 
 But I can be an asset. 
 Works for me. 
 Get her up. 
 (quietly): You okay, Linds? 
 Those bastards better not have laid a finger on you. 
 I'm fine. 
 Good. 
 'Cause if they had, I would've killed them all. 
 Without even thinking. 
 I would've just reacted. 
 A-Are you finished? 
 They would've been finished. I would've been like... (grunts) 
 Hey! Shut your mouth. 
 I'm sorry. So sorry. 
 By the way, you guys are doing a terrific job. 
 This is a disaster. 
 You said we'd be out in minutes, there'd be no cops at all. 
 No, I said, ideally we'd be out in minutes, no cops at all. 
 When that didn't happen, we arrived here, at plan B. 
 This isn't what I s... (grunting) 
 Do you want to play your role in plan B or die like the rest of these people? 
 Huh? 
 (people crying, murmuring) 
 Good. 
 (sniffs) 
 (helicopter blades whirring) 
 Didi. What are you doing here? 
 What, you thought I was just gonna hang back at home while this was going on? 
 Nah, I just meant because your son was at home. 
 You find a sitter? 
 Yeah. 
 (beatboxing) 
 Ooh! You been eating too much fish juice! 
 Gerald?! As in my insane cousin Gerald? 
 Please let it go. It's better if I don't think about it. 
 Officer : Go, go, go! 
 Everybody move! 
 Carter : What's going on? 
 Move! 
 (indistinct radio transmissions) 
 (helicopter blades whirring) 
 No one move until I call it. 
 (indistinct radio transmissions) 
 Officer (over radio) : Here they come. 
 Officer Cole is exiting the building. 
 Taymor : No one moves until I call it. 
 Officer : There's a male, he's armed. 
 It's okay. 
 Lower your weapons. 
 Everything is fine. 
 Officer : Lower your weapons. 
 Lower your weapons. 
 Taymor : Stand down. Stand down. 
 Officer (over radio) : Standing down. 
 (helicopter blades whirring) 
 There are 48 hostages inside. 
 None were harmed. 
 Any attempt by the police to go inside this building will put an end to that status. 
 On my recommendation, the gunmen have agreed to submit their demands to the crisis negotiator on the scene. 
 That would be me, Lieutenant Holt. 
 Moving slowly... with both hands above my head. 
 Captain. 
 Lieutenant. 
 How can I help everyone here to make it home safe and happy? 
 You can shut up and listen. 
 I'm gonna tell you what I want, okay? 
 And then you're gonna make it happen within 24 hours, or everyone inside is dead. You understand? 
 Oh... 100%. 
 So I'm... just going to reach... into my back pocket... and get my radio... so that you can press that button right there... anytime... and you'll be speaking directly to me. 
 I'm gonna reach for my pad and my pen to take notes. 
 I want 10 million in unmarked, non-sequential bills. 
 I want a helicopter... parked on the northeast side of that parking structure. 
 I want the release of the following men that are being held in your nation's prisons. 
 Anthony Garcia, Felipe Belgara, Eric Padilla, Jonathan Gutierrez, Miguel Rincon, Carlos Fernandez, Phillip Rios, and "Jor-gay" Ramirez. 
 (grunts) 
 That's it for now. 
 Carter : Did you see that? 
 What do you think Cole was trying to tell us? 
 I think she was telling us we're running out of time. 
 So, my foot slipped off the beam, I fell, I hit my butt on the ground, and that's when I knew I wasn't gonna make it on the men's gymnastics team. 
 I'm hungry. 
 Oh, you're hungry? All right, well... 
 I just so happen to be the greatest chef in the entire world. 
 I cook for all my dates, okay? 
 What do you say to shrimp scampi on a bed of angel hair pasta? 
 Shrimp scampi on regular pasta? 
 Come on, you got to work with me, man. 
 I don't get a whole bunch of second dates, and shrimp scampi is kind of like my only move. 
 That's it. 
 Guess what I got in there? I got some old jook. 
 Once you get past the gag reflex of the fish heads, it's good! 
 10 million, an escape helicopter, and the release of eight South American terrorists from U.S. prisons. 
 Perfect. 
 Perfect? 
 The best demands are for things I can't deliver. 
 See, if they ask for an ice cream cone, we can get it for them, but that's not the end of it, because now they need to exit the building, which is when nerves kick in, and bad guys get jittery, and hostages get killed. 
 We stall, make excuses, offer small concessions, dragging it out hour by hour, until they fade and eventually give up. 
 Textbook. 
 Carter : We can't wait. 
 Cole looked panicked... and she never panics. 
 She looked me right in my eye. 
 Detective, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. 
 She pointed to her watch, Holt. Over and over. 
 She's trying to tell us that there's a clock on this thing. 
 Any more interference from you clowns, and I'll have you both arrested. 
 Now you can go. 
 
 
 
 Cole : "Jor-gay" Ramirez? 
 I'm not saying I'm fluent in Spanish. 
 God, I lived in South America; I know dialects. 
 If you valued a man's freedom enough to risk your life to spring him out of jail, then how could you not know how to pronounce his name? 
 Those demands were all a smokescreen. 
 They... 
 They're after something else. 
 It's about her. 
 Explain to me again why you're having me look into every single hostage in that building when the gunmen have clearly stated what they're after? 
 'Cause I'm not buying it, all right? 
 If they gave 24 hours for their demands, then why was Cole looking panicked and tapping her watch? 
 And I still can't shake what that old man said about... 
 "running the staircase." 
 Staircase? What staircase? 
 I don't know, all right? But these gunmen are after something else, and we need to find out what. 
 Okay. Well, based on the info I could pull together, other possible targets amongst the hostages are a former U.S. diplomat... 
 Of which country? 
 Canada. 
 No. 
 And... a few other people with net worths ranging from six to ten million dollars. 
 We've got an Israeli violinist, a medical malpractice attorney, and one unknown... whoever grabbed the corporate seats for the firm J. Pickering Energy International. 
 Wait. Say that name again? 
 Pickering. 
 Okay, she stopped typing. 
 Right after "teddy, Peanut... 
 Pickle ring." 
 Pickle ring! 
 No, it's Pickering. 
 No, it's Pickle ring. Carter, I'm sure on this... the company's name is Pickering. 
 It's the office building down the street. 
 No, look at this. 
 What am I looking at? 
 Did the person who sent this have a stroke? 
 That is a text message from Captain Cole. 
 Sent from the inside. 
 Yeah. We got jumbled, gibberish, nonsense words, and then "Pickle ring." 
 Although, maybe we shouldn't completely rule out stroke. 
 But for now, Pickle ring. 
 Okay. If this is the lead you guys want to pursue, I've got an idea where you can start. 
 You just make it happen. 
 Who the hell told you you could just walk into my office? 
 Your secretary. She said, "Go on in." 
 Secretary : I said, "Don't go in." 
 Then that's my mistake. I heard different. 
 Uh, Detectives Carter and Lee. 
 LAPD. 
 And you must be Pickle ring. 
 It's Pickering. 
 Bet autocorrect has a tough time with that, huh? 
 Carter : Like when my captain tried to text me your name from inside a music hall filled with hostages. 
 (phone ringing) 
 Things seem pretty busy around here for a Sunday evening. 
 Look, if you don't have a warrant to be here, you need to leave. Now. 
 Mr. Pickering, is that your daughter? 
 Yes. Megan. 
 I see she plays classical viola. 
 Would you mind telling us where she is tonight? 
 She, uh... she goes to school in Switzerland. 
 See what he did there? 
 He answered a question, just not the question you asked. 
 Mr. Pickering, where is she tonight? 
 As in now. 
 I was just doing what they told me to do. 
 Mr. Pickering, could you please tell us what happened to your daughter? 
 They told me if I went to the police they'd kill her. 
 Megan's in town for a few days... she wanted to see some famous cellist. 
 I guess she posted it on Facebook. 
 I always send her out with a full security detail, but Megan hates it. 
 She begged me to scale back, so... 
 I let her go with just two guards. 
 I should never have agreed to it. 
 What did they ask from you? 
 20 million in a numbered Austrian account. 
 I'm working to collect the funds now. 
 20 million? You're able to produce that on short notice? 
 Yes. And anyone who knows me knows that I would give anything I had to keep my daughter safe. 
 Of course. 
 But we need you to come downstairs and tell another officer what you just told us. No, no, no, I can't. No, they-they said no police. 
 If you give these gunmen what they want, they'll just... 
 I said no. 
 I should never have said anything. 
 And I'm not saying anymore. 
 As far as I'm concerned, this little conversation here never happened. 
 Now, get out of my office! 
 Who is this man in the yellow hat, dude? 
 He takes a monkey into a bakery and just leaves him there. 
 And then he decides all of a sudden that he wants to go run errands. 
 Are you kidding me? 
 He did the same thing last episode. 
 Oh, well, I'm just gonna leave Curious George in a pizza parlor. 
 I hope he doesn't bite anybody. 
 Curious George doesn't bite. 
 Yeah, yet. 
 But you just wait until he feels backed into a corner. 
 Oh... those teeth gonna come out. (snarls) 
 He's just really curious. 
 Yeah, he's also carrying the Ebola virus. 
 Maybe. I don't know, I was just guessing. 
 (Curious George chattering) 
 It's just frustrating. 
 I hate seeing people locked in a vicious cycle of destructive behavior. 
 It's, like, learn from your mistakes, you know what I'm saying? 
 That yellow hat of his pretty dope, though, I will give him that. 
 Please, sir, you have to let me go. 
 I have a medical condition. 
 Several, actually. 
 Really bad. 
 Us. 
 I meant us. 
 She has conditions, too. 
 Could I just, um, stretch my legs for a minute? 
 Just for a few steps? 
 We've been in here for hours. 
 Thank you. 
 Uh-uh. 
 Lee : Pickering may not talk, but we know there is more going on inside than anybody thinks. 
 If we take what we've learned and bring it to Taymor... 
 He'll arrest us before we even get a chance to talk. 
 And even if he does let us talk, we can't prove any of this. 
 But we have to do something. 
 Yeah. We do. 
 Lieutenant Holt, I need your help. 
 (sighs heavily) 
 You. 
 Sit down. 
 So, what happened tonight? 
 I... don't know what you mean. 
 Well, let's see, I guess what I mean is... that I saw your picture in the duffel bag of a gunman who I had to knock out with a bottle of champagne to the head. 
 (chuckles) 
 That was totally Die Hard of me, wasn't it? 
 (chuckles) 
 I'm like Bruce Willis, but... with highlights. 
 (laughs) 
 They tried to grab me when I was getting a tour backstage. 
 My two guards tried to fight them off, and... 
 I ran. 
 I didn't mean to put anyone else in danger. 
 It's not your fault. 
 You couldn't have known. 
 We gonna be okay? 
 There's no doubt in my mind. 
 (sighs) 
 Lieutenant Carter, you were told to stay out of this. 
 Okay, Holt, I need you to back off this chain-of-command bull! 
 I don't give a damn what you need! 
 You were given a direct order by the S.O.C., which you have so brazenly disregarded, you have officially now pushed me too far. 
 Thomas! Jenkins! 
 Yes, sir. 
 If you're not gone by the time those men get over here, I'm telling them to place your ass under arrest. 
 So much for putting your trust in a friend. 
 We're on our own. 
 If Pickering pays the ransom, the gunmen will make their exit, and, as Holt said... 
 That's when nerves kick in. 
 Gunmen get jittery and hostages die. 
 But no one's listening to us, so what are we supposed to do? 
 Sneak through the police barricade, get inside and stop them. 
 Lee! Are you doing me right now? 
 Because you're suggesting the not-so-legal thing I usually suggest. 
 Usually, I would disagree, but in this case, Captain Cole asked for your help. 
 She gave you an order. 
 Yeah, an order to disobey a bunch of other orders. 
 Okay, it's kind of a gray area, but if we have to make a choice, I say we follow our captain. 
 I'm liking this side of you. 
 Don't get used to it; it's a one-time deal. 
 Yeah, yeah. 
 Are you sure this is necessary? 
 You'll thank me when it saves our lives. 
 Carter : Gentlemen... need a favor. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You ready? 
 Unbelievable. 
 How the hell did you know about these stairs? 
 Lee : Saw it on the blueprints of the building. 
 Blueprints of the building? When did you see that? 
 Lee : 12 years ago. 
 Frank Gehry's my favorite architect. 
 Okay, that answer was so nerdy, I feel required by law to give you a wedgie. 
 ♪ ♪ (grunts) 
 Does your blueprint tell you where this thing goes? 
 No. This is more of a roll of the dice. 
 Ideally, we won't die. 
 Ideally? 
 Gunman : All clear in the building. 
 (distant rumbling) 
 (rumbling continues) 
 (rumbling continues) 
 (rumbling continues) 
 (grunting) 
 (grunting continues) 
 Carter : Oh! 
 O-Okay. 
 Hey! Help... help me out of here. 
 All right. 
 Okay. I'm not mad, but if we were cool, you would have saved something for me. 
 All right. 
 Say "cheese," bad guy. 
 (chutter clicks) 
 All right. 
 Sending this to Didi for an I.D. 
 Both routes to the Foundation Room are blocked with multiple gunman. 
 We need to find a way to disarm them. 
 Donovan, just sent you a photo. I need you to run it through facial recognition software for a match. 
 Didi, what are you doing here? 
 I'm trying to keep my captain and a lot of other innocent people from dying as a result of your miscalculation. 
 So Carter got to you, huh? 
 (chuckles): Look, Didi, there is no hidden agenda here. 
 I've been in direct talks with this guy for hours, and everything he says, everything they're doing falls right in line with the most basic textbook approach to hostage negotiation. 
 I know, Holt. That is the issue. 
 Okay, um... what's the term that you negotiators use for the routine steps you take to get inside the head of your hostage taker? 
 Come on, what is this, a quiz? 
 It's called the Behavioral Change Stairway M... 
 Model. Right. 
 And if someone who knew that model wanted to make you think that this was a routine case, they would be... 
 Running the staircase. 
 Carter and Lee sent me this picture from inside the concert hall. 
 They snuck inside?! 
 Try to hold off your anger for one second. 
 Okay? This is the lead gunman. 
 His name is Aaron Dearborn. 
 He used to be a crisis negotiator for the military. 
 He knows that you are textbook, Holt, and he's using it against you. 
 He's got motive... three weeks ago he was fired from his job as head of security for a billionaire named John Pickering. 
 Pickering's daughter is inside that music hall. 
 She's their target. 
 And Pickering may be paying their ransom right now as we speak, and as soon as they get it, they're gonna... 
 Be moving to exit. 
 What do you need me to do? 
 You got a boom box? 
 Almost time to get out of here. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Didi, what do you have? 
 I'm working on jamming their communications. 
 Let me know when you need it. 
 I've also got a lead on a van that was reported stolen a few blocks from Aaron's house. 
 Getaway vehicle? 
 Maybe. I've got a few officers out here helping me search the area. 
 Officers? Where'd you get officers? 
 Didi : Oh, I just convinced an old friend to throw me a few men and help me distract another one. 
 Um, Didi? 
 That sudden, violent evacuation we were worried about? 
 I think it's going down. 
 Now. 
 Officer : No, no, no! Take cover! 
 Officer 2 : Move! 
 Officer 3 : Fall back! 
 (officers continue shouting) 
 Holt : Clear! Everyone, clear! 
 Fall back! 
 Fall back, everyone! 
 (punk rock playing) 
 Oh. What is that? Huh? 
 (groans) 
 Cops are jamming our signal. 
 Earpieces out. 
 What the hell you doing? 
 Pull your earpiece out. 
 The cops are jamming our signal. 
 (Carter groans) 
 (grunting) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 And yes, the tuxedos were necessary... you're welcome! 
 Also, I knocked out my guy before you did. 
 I think I broke a rib. 
 This isn't a competition. 
 (quiet chatter) 
 (sighs) That's weird. 
 Cole said there were ten gunmen; I just counted twice that number in that room alone. 
 (grunting) 
 (muffled gasping, grunting) 
 Hey, hey! 
 (muffled gasping, grunting) 
 Carter! Don't shoot! 
 Don't kill me! 
 My girlfriend Lindsay's a cop! 
 They put masks on us! They made us run! 
 Where's Cole? 
 They took her and the girl out the back there. 
 Come on! Come on! 
 My hands? A little help here? 
 Guys? 
 Didi, they put a mask on the hostages and sent them out as decoys. 
 You got to stop the cops from shooting. 
 Taymor : We've got movement at the door! Hold your positions! 
 Snipers, here we go! 
 Didi : Hey! Stop! Those are hostages. 
 Tell your men to hold their fire. Holt, Carter's inside... he's saying that those are hostages. 
 Carter? You got to be kidding me! 
 Commander, let's hold a few seconds. 
 In a few seconds, they're gone. 
 All right, snipers, on my command. 
 Everyone, stand down! These are hostages! 
 Stand down! These are hostages! 
 (helicopter blades whirring) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Go! Go, go, go, go! 
 Lee : You take Cole. I'll take the girl. 
 Don't tell me to do something after I already started doing it. 
 Just hurry! 
 You did it again! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 You take one step closer, I'll blow her head off. 
 (quietly): Not if I get you first. 
 Cole : Do not take the shot, Carter. 
 Do not take the shot. 
 What? You don't trust me? 
 I saw your scores at the firing range. 
 I had pinkeye. 
 Man, I'm telling you, drop the gun. 
 Yeah. Thank you. 
 Drop the gun. 
 I was top five in our division! 
 Oh! Maybe top 50. 
 No way! It was Thompson, Benitez, Felder... 
 (panting): Nice distraction. 
 Felder, then Whittaker, then me... top five. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (gunshot) 
 (gunshot) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (grunting) 
 (loud thump) 
 (clang) 
 (gunshot) 
 They got Megan. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (gasps) 
 (tires squealing) 
 Megan, I'm Officer Diaz. 
 You're safe. 
 You're in police custody now. 
 How about you hold it right there. 
 (chuckling quietly) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (siren wailing in distance) 
 They say nothing brings people together like a tragedy. 
 You know, I learned a few things today. 
 One... you... are a stone cold fox. And two... 
 Get out of my face, Beau. 
 Totally understandable. 
 Okay, I think we've proven once and for all that you think I'm amazing. 
 Excuse me? 
 Come on! 
 You picked me out of that entire group of cops to be your hero. 
 You signaled to me. 
 I was signaling to anyone who was watching. I didn't even see you out there. 
 I don't even know how he fits an ego that big into a frame that small. 
 ♪ When I need some lovin'... ♪ 
 (laughs) 
 Did I do it? Did I talk smack? 
 Yeah, that was actually pretty good. 
 That's actually good. 
 ♪ My girl... ♪ 
 Sock puppet Gerald, thanks to you, all the strippers are safe. 
 Yes, and Soulja Boy's chain is back where it belongs... around Soulja Boy's neck. 
 You should be the president of police. 
 Oh, you want me to be the president? 
 Oh, okay, but who gonna be my first lady? 
 This is adorable. 
 Carter : Should we stop him? 
 No, not yet. Let's see where it goes. 
 Let me tell you something, um, if there is any strippers out there... 
 I'm gonna stop him. 
 Yeah. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 