Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x05 - Assault on Precinct 7 - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x05 - Assault on Precinct 7 https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=26932 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 04/29/16 02:46 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x05 - Assault on Precinct 7 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Rush Hour... 
 Lee :  Kim is here, and Quantou is here. 
 Look, I could get in serious trouble. 
 Just lie, all right? 
 Absolutely not. 
 Any of them have this mark, they're Quantou. 
 Our father was a cop. Mom was more of a free spirit. 
 They died in a car accident. Kim was just 15, and I had to be more than just a brother. She must go to jail, but I don't want her dead. "I don't want her dead." That's the nicest thing I've heard you say. Kim! It's too late for me. Carter :  I think there still may be a chance for you to save her. Go fish. Took you a pretty long time to figure out if you had a five. I had to double check. I like to be certain. You like to be cheating. Uh, excuse me? You asked if I had any fives. I ain't got no fives. So what you need to do is go grab a hook, pop a worm on it, and go damn fish. He said a swear! He certainly did. And it is going to cost him. One dollar, Gerald. For saying damn? That's two dollars. Aw, hell. Ah, son of a... Gerald, take this before you go broke. (muffled grunt) (laughter) (muffled grunting) Well, look at that. Fives. Where'd those come from? Didi : Derrick, do you want to tell Gerald the penalty for cheating? Death by wedgie. That's right. Gerald : Oh! Let's take it easy now, hold on. Y'all can't catch me. (shouting) Oh, and boys? If you look at my cards, you're getting a wedgie next! (Gerald shouting) What's a wedgie? That's when you yank a man's drawers from behind, so it wedges up his ass. (laughs) What y'all call it in China? We don't have that in China. What about swirlies? That's when you dip a man's head in the toilet water, and then you... You probably don't have swirlies. Okay, I'll stop. You know, being here with you guys is, um... It's quite nice. Yeah? When I first came to this country, I-I was alone. And now I feel like I have a family. Glad you're starting to feel like a part of it. Gerald : Ouch! Wedgie? Sounded like a two-hander. Gerald : No, please! Please! ♪ ♪ Man : Welcome to Los Angeles. I hope your journey was pleasant. You weren't straight with me on the cargo. You said guns. That ain't guns. You were told not to open the truck. I was taking on serious risks driving that thing. I think I deserve some hazard pay. The cash you were promised, along with your bonus. (shouts) (gasping) (man screaming) Oh! Man (on TV) : You forgot to read them their rights. You have the right... to remain silent. (knocking) Your parents, they... They are not here. They went out for dinner. There was a car accident, and I'm afraid your mother and your father... (gasps) Still dreaming of the two policemen at the door? I dream of the funeral. Kim. You held my hand the entire service. I remember you didn't cry. What are you doing here? (shushes) Wouldn't want to wake young Derrick. For months, I see no sign of you. I didn't know if you were alive or dead. I'm alive and well, brother. You're not well. Not while you align yourself with criminals. Quantou gave me opportunities. I brought you onto the police force. And did everything in your power to hold me back. I tried to protect you. I am not a child in need of protection. I've not been a child since the night they died. I have information for you. There's a Quantou smuggling ring coming to Los Angeles. Why would you tell me this? So you can stop it. They're smuggling women. And you expect me to trust you? I expect you to take that risk if you want to save the lives of 20 innocent women. Where's the truck now? You're the detective. Figure it out. (gasps) I'm much stronger than the last time you saw me, brother. You cannot dishonor our family any further. This has to stop. (both grunting) (faint grunting) Mom? Sweetie! Stay in your room, okay? Mommy will be right there. Come on, close the door. (crashing, thumping) Hey, Kim! Hey! (both grunting) Hey. (engine starts) (panting) I got back here as soon as I could. You okay? Where's Derrick? Uh, my mom came and picked him up. What about Lee? Inside with Cole. You didn't answer me. I said he's inside. I mean, when I asked if you're okay. I'm good. All right. Do you really think this was a Quantou operative? Yes, I saw the tattoo. Well, did you recognize him? No. Uh, he wasn't familiar. Carter : Where is he? The dude from the Kung Pao? Quantou. Right, right, right, if he broke into your room, why am I not looking at his broken body? Did you stuff him under the bed? No, I-I wasn't able to detain him. So, what happened? He came to deliver a message. He said the Quantou are trafficking women into Los Angeles. Their first truck arrives soon. So he tipped you off to a Quantou operation...? Why-why would he do that? I don't know. Maybe he disagreed with the plan. Or maybe he's pulling you into a trap. It's possible. No, it's probable. Come on, you know these guys play dirty. And what do you think they'd do to one of their own for betraying the family? There'd be a serious punishment. A spanking is serious punishment. These guys take heads. So who's gonna be crazy enough to turn on them? You're right, but we can't just ignore this. Not if there are innocent lives at stake. Cole : I-I have to agree. Just watch your backs and stick close together. This doesn't feel right, Lee. Quantou soldier with the heart of gold? I don't buy it. Think maybe this might have something to do with your sister, Kim? No, I don't. ♪ ♪ Lee :  In the past ten years,  the Quantou grew from an upstart street gang to the most feared criminal organization in Hong Kong. Six months ago, they became our problem when they made a move into L.A. When the Quantou take root in a new city, they start with a basic power structure. Donovan : Uh, so they're rolling in here to set up a new franchise. Sort of like, uh, an evil Chinese burger chain. Evil is an understatement. These guys will kill anyone who gets in their way. Not unlike a burger chain. Okay, I'm about to come back there and slap the mustache off your face. Lee : The Quantou don't have a strong foothold in Los Angeles yet. But they're working on it. Every crime they pull and every dollar they bring in is working towards their goal of expansion. We have to cut them down while they're still small. If we don't, we won't have much chance of stopping them. And it starts here. Now, the tip we got on this trafficking ring is the first chance we've had to hit their operation. Donovan : I still don't get why any of them would share their plans with Lee. Cole : I mean, maybe it's some sort of internal rivalry. We just don't know. But if this trafficking thing is real, then we need to stop it. Last month, fire department responded to an alarm in Monterey Park, and they found a Taiwanese woman who claimed that she had been smuggled down from Vancouver and forced to work out of an apartment by a guy named Zho Tu. Well, let's bring her in for further questioning. Didi : Sadly, that's not gonna happen, Captain. Rampart found her body in a Dumpster a few days later. Lee : That is a standard Quantou response. They leave no witnesses alive. Any other leads on this guy? Didi : Yes. Zho Tu has multiple warrants in six different countries for international trafficking. So, if there is a ring operating in L.A., I mean, there's a really good chance that this guy's connected to it. Let's send an alert through TSA and Customs and see if we can find this guy. (indistinct chatter) Carter. I want you to keep an eye on Lee. I know this is personal for him, but we can't let that cloud his judgment. I'll stay on him, Captain. But don't worry. I know Lee better than he knows himself. There's nothing he could do to surprise me. Nothing. All right, Lee, let's do this. Aah! Who the hell are you? Didi : Carter! He's our I.T. guy. We're getting a software update. Where's Lee? I don't know. I think he left. ♪ ♪ Lee : Excuse me. Annyeonghaseyo. You are Korean. Do you speak English? A little. I'm looking for someone who parks in this garage. Do you recognize this woman? No. Never seen her. The sooner you answer my questions, the sooner I'm gone. When she leaves her car, where does she go? You tell me where, I walk away. This conversation never happened. Building across the street. Please. That's all I know. (phone ringing) (beeps) Lee! Where the hell are you? I've called 20 times and I've been looking all over, and there was a freaky white doofus sittin' at your desk. Lee, we're up against the Quantou and I need you to have my back on this. Dammit, Lee, where are you? ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Gerald :  In my world, trust doesn't come easily. Ordinarily, I'd fight a pack of wild dogs before I did business with a guy that I don't know. Your offer intrigues me. Continue. These are legit "buy nine get one free" cards. My buddy works at Hilger's Hoagies and ganked a whole bag of 'em. Basic adhesive, just lick and stick, lick and stick. And these are valid at any location? Mm-hmm. William. Pay the man. Thanks. Carter : What the hell is this? Uh... What's up, Carter? Man, I just was... You know what? I'm not even gonna lie. Yes, I've returned to a life of crime. Returned? When did you leave? Tuesday. I had a whole bunch of stuff on my DVR I had to watch, so it took me a couple days, but I'm watching the second season of  True Detective,  and it is not as bad as everybody say. It's a little self-indulgent... Okay, Gerald. I got serious business here. I need your help. Where's Lee at? He's usually on you like a Chinese rash. I don't know. And I don't have time to figure that out, all right? I'm looking into this human trafficking case. My last score was with illegal sandwiches. What would I know about something like that? You wouldn't. But you know people who know people. What-what-what you got so far? There's a Chinese gangster running the show, name of Zho Tu. Our intel says that he's about to bring in a truckload of girls into the city, if he hasn't already. Zho Tu. Yeah, I'm gonna have to reach out to some people, see what they know. Yeah, I appreciate that, cuz. You know you can count on me, cuz. Hey, man, what the hell? Oh. Uh, yeah, this jacket was expensive. I couldn't afford the pants. You are a disturbed man. So, what, a brother can't get no hug now because I don't got on no pants? You can't get a hug 'cause your thighs all out. Huh? And put some lotion on your knees. ♪ ♪ (lock clicking) (door closes) Honorable Dragon. Precision demands planning. Planning demands patience. We have moved slowly since our arrival. A snake must coil before it strikes. We only need to acquire our final resources, before we strike. The shipment has arrived in the city. Our buyers are in place. The transfer of the merchandise should go smoothly. Will  go smoothly. According to Zho Tu, it should arrive this evening. Dragon : I trust there shall be no mistakes? There will be no mistakes, Honorable Dragon. (wall creaks) (all chuckling) (laughter continues) ♪ ♪ (man speaking Cantonese) (phone buzzing) (sighs) (indistinct chatter) (phone ringing) You better have a damn good excuse for what you been doing! I'm tryin' to get my stroke on! Gerald, I don't have time for whatever this is. Do you got something for me or not, man? All right, look, I might. Hey, remember that strip club that we used to sneak into when we were 16? Peppermint Panda? No, the Neon Fox. I never even heard of that, so I know I never been there with you. For real? Hey, it's good, man. I mean, it's not Peppermint Panda good, but they got this lunch buffet that is to die for. Gerald! So I know this dude who drops the beat Friday night at the Fox. It's my man, DJ Fluffernutter. He spins at these clubs and some of the other clubs that specialize in the naked arts, so I gave him a call to see what he might know. And how 'bout we skip ahead to the relevant part? All right. DJ F-Nut knows a few dudes who manage these clubs. Some of these dudes double-dip in the Asian spa game. One of those very dudes told me about this spa called Normandie Hot Springs. That old-school spot in Koreatown? Yeah. A few months back, it came under new ownership. Now, this new owner rolled out the wet carpet for his Chinese friends. And I'm telling you, they straight gangstas. They got sweet rides, they got all the same tattoos... What kind of tattoo? Uh, ancient Chinese squiggly. Yeah, but they all wear 'em on their necks. Hey, you the man, cuz-o! Didi : This is Zho Tu. We got a full profile from Interpol. All kinds of mug shots from stakeouts and investigations in China, Thailand, the Philippines, Sudan and Bangladesh... Bangla-damn. Man gets around. Yeah, and he brings the same twisted M.O. everywhere he goes. He runs women in and out through local prostitution rings, rakes in profits, and then just magically skips town right before it gets hot. Guy's into fancy cars, ugly clothes and... Carter : Let me guess. Korean spas. Yeah. How'd you know that? Just got the name to the one he frequents. Let's get moving. I'm right behind you. Where's Lee? Good question. Welcome to Normandie Hot Springs. This place looks pretty nice. I usually settle for the $11 foot rubs on Olympic. Please don't put that image in my mind. You guys think we should call for backup? On a lead from my cousin? Cole would have my ass. Come on, let's see if we can find Zho. Carter... Oh, look! It's Lee. And he's not dead. Just incredibly rude. Sorry I'm late. So you think our trafficker is here? We're about to find out. Hey. You want to tell me where the hell you been? Huh? What's going on with you? Later. "Later." Didi, if you'd rather wait out front... Carter, look at me, I've handled my share of naked men, okay? Donovan : Carter... you said this guy's got a tattoo on his neck? Yeah. You see a guy like that? I do. Several, actually. Yeah. There is a lot of 'em. Donovan : So my ex was right. I am gonna die in a Korean spa. Just keep a low profile. Try not to stand out. Donovan : Yeah, good call. The seven-foot white guy, the black leprechaun, and Selena Gomez just need to keep a low profile as they cut through a pack of naked Chinese men. Zho Tu. Who wants to know? LAPD. (chuckles) LAPD. In that case... (speaks Cantonese) What'd he say? "Paint the walls with their blood." Oh, crap. 
 
 ♪ You spin my head right round, right round ♪ 
♪ When you go down, when you go down, down ♪ 
♪ From the top of the pole, I watch her go down, she got me ♪ 
♪ Throwin' my money around, ain't nothin' more beautiful ♪ 
♪ To be found, it's goin' down, down ♪ Carter : Zho Tu! Get your ass back here! ♪ Ain't nothin' more beautiful to be found ♪ 
♪ It's goin' down, down ♪ 
♪ Yeah, I'm spendin' my money ♪ 
♪ And I'm wearin' the crown ♪ 
♪ Poppin' these bottles, touchin' these models ♪ 
♪ Watchin' they asses go down, down, down, down ♪ 
♪ Down, down, down, down ♪ Freeze! Why don't anybody ever listen to that?! ♪ You spin my head right round, right round ♪ 
♪ When you go down, down, down, down, down, down ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ You spin my head right round, right round, when you go down ♪ 
♪ You spin my head right round, right round ♪ 
♪ When you go down, when you go down, down ♪ 
♪ You spin my head right round, right round ♪ 
♪ When you go down, when you go down, down ♪ 
♪ Yeah, I'm spendin' my money ♪ 
♪ I'm out of control ♪ 
♪ Somebody help me, she takin' my bankroll ♪ 
♪ But I'm king of the club and I'm wearin' the crown ♪ 
♪ Poppin' these bottles, touchin' these models ♪ 
♪ Watchin' they asses go down, down ♪ 
♪ Down, down, down, down ♪ First time kicking a naked guy's ass? (panting) Not even close. ♪ You spin my head right round, right round ♪ 
♪ When you go down... ♪ Deluxe relaxation package. Spa, steam, locker to the head. Puts you right out. ♪ ♪ Lee :  Answer the question. What was it again? I forgot. Where is the truck? Which one? There are many trucks. You trafficked women into the city. I need to know where they are. And you're gonna tell me. I don't answer to you. Carter : Careful, Zho. You push this man too far, he'll hit you with a roundhouse kick so hard your ancestors will feel it. Now, you're gonna answer the question. Where is the truck?! (scoffs) Look at you. You work so hard and make so little. It doesn't have to be that way. You could work for me. Make some real money. And maybe have some fun. You're about to step into some very dangerous territory, Zho. You're already there. You just don't know it yet. But you will, very soon. (clears throat) Honorable Dragon, there is a problem. Zho Tu has been detained by the police. Where? Hollywood Precinct 7. They will certainly try to question him. Very well. Then listen to me carefully, Vanguard. (clattering) Go get my son. Zho Tu : I can read your face, you know. It's very clear. You hate me. I pity you. You shouldn't. I have so much money. But no honor. (scoffs) (sighs) "It is easier to rule a nation than it is to rule a son." Congratulations. You cracked the code of my tattoos. But that's all you'll learn from me. Not about the location of any girls. (grunting) Where are they?! Hey, hey, Lee! Chill out, man! Where are they?! Hey, come on, man. What you doin'? Get up. I tried to warn you. (grunts) Come on, sit down. (sighs) But you had a foot to your throat. Look, man, there's a big part of me that would love nothing more than to see you stomp the hell out of this guy. But I think I have a better way to do this. Just came to me when I was getting coffee. Which you clearly don't need. I'm not afraid of you. Oh, I know. Fortunately, I know what you are afraid of. Extradition. There are five countries with outstanding warrants for your arrest. You know the penalty for human trafficking in Thailand? I think that would be death. Carter : That's right. And what about the Philippines? Death. No kidding. Sudan? That would be death. Bangladesh? Death. Don't tell me China. You better believe it. Death? With a capital "D." Capital "D." You hungry? I could eat. I'm thinking pizza. You okay with pineapple? Absolutely not. That's nasty. Oh, no, it's delicious. Trust me. Wait. I just follow orders. I do as they say. Carter : Yeah? Well, in that case, let's talk about... "they." What do you got for me? Fallout from the craziest damn bar fight you've ever seen. Just three blocks away from the station. Ah. Bunch of drunks. All right, everybody out. (indistinct police transmission) Let's go, let's go, let's go. Get out of there. Hey. You heard the man. Let's go. (elevator bell dings) (speaks Cantonese) I'm sorry. Uh, ma'am, do you speak English? (speaking Cantonese) Hold on just a sec. Anyone speak Chinese? ♪ ♪ You got to be kidding me. (grunting) Where is Zho Tu?! (men grunting) What the hell going on out there? My father's come for me. You are the Dragon's son. Don't get cocky, junior. You ain't going nowhere. Go! Go! Go! Drop your weapon. Now! (chuckles) Where is Zho Tu? Didi : He's not even here. He was moved to headquarters downtown. Just... let the detective go, and I'm sure we can work something out. I don't know, maybe you should listen to her. She seems like a real bright lady. Don't move. (shouting and grunting) (grunting continues) ♪ ♪ 
♪ Are you a beast? Are you unleashed? ♪ 
♪ You ready to feast? ♪ 
♪ Or do you want peace? ♪ 
♪ Not in the least ♪ (grunting) ♪ Do you think that you're number one? ♪ 
♪ Can you keep it 100? ♪ 
♪ Zero to 100, show me how much you want it ♪ 
♪ Some people never have trouble ♪ 
♪ That's why they don't ♪ 
♪ Know what the struggle is ♪ (grunting) ♪ Not me, I had to hustle ♪ 
♪ Now I'm getting money like Russell did ♪ (grunting) ♪ Making them sacrifices ♪ 
♪ No matter what the price is ♪ 
♪ Surviving the crisis ♪ 
♪ Not necessarily the nicest ♪ 
♪ I done paid the cost ♪ 
♪ And laid off the boss ♪ 
♪ Now I'm takin' off ♪ 
♪ Now I'm a beast ♪ 
♪ Now I'm unleashed ♪ (grunting) ♪ Ready to feast ♪ 
♪ Calm and peace, not in the least ♪ 
♪ I think that I'm number one ♪ (grunting) Go! ♪ Are you a beast? ♪ Don't move. Drop your weapon. Nah. I'm gonna hang on to it. I'll kill him. Then I'll kill you. Excuse me? He will die! You will die, too! I will shoot. Then I'll shoot back! All right, we already established this! So let's just do this on a count of five, four... Three-two-one. I could have died. I know. (grunting) (groans) (groans) Don't tell him I said this, but that was dope as hell. Uh, yeah, it was. Carter : Lee, you okay? Where's Zho Tu? Still back in interrogation. So much for extradition. Cole :  I got a wake-up call  saying there had been an incident. I'm not sure that's the right word for this. Sorry you missed it. So you think that the Dragon orchestrated all this to kill his own son? Lee : The Quantou motto is "Loyalty for Life." Zho Tu had a very different motto. A Chinese proverb. "It is easier to rule a nation than to rule a son." Some serious attitude on Dragon Junior. Didi : Yeah, it sounded like he was overcompensating, so I asked Interpol to do a birth record search on Zho Tu. And it turns out that his mother was a Hong Kong prostitute with a frequent client. A known Quantou member named Yang Wei. Lee : We believe that Wei is now the Dragon of Los Angeles, and Zho Tu was his son. A real b*st*rd. So once we took Zho Tu into custody, the Dragon saw him as a liability. Carter : And cut his losses. But before they got to him, Zho told us a little about his trafficking operation. They smuggled in a half a dozen women so far. But their first big shipment of 20 arrived somewhere in L.A. today. Didi : Yeah. We went through all the cell phones that we confiscated from Quantou members after the attack. And one of them contained this text message. "Weight: 12,421 pounds." What are... what are we thinking? I mean, we're thinking that it could be a reference to truck weight. You know, like at one of those California weigh stations you pass on the interstate. Right. So we did some database searching,  and it turns out there is just one truck that has entered L.A. County within the last 24 hours with this exact recorded payload. We know where it is. We just don't know what it looks like. Come on! Go! Come on! Move it! Move it! Search 'em all! LAPD! LAPD! LAPD! Officer : Anyone? LAPD! Hello. Anyone in there? LAPD! (knocking) Carter : Anyone inside? Hey, you guys. (soft whimpering and crying) _ Carter : We got you. Gonna be okay. (women whimper and cry softly) (soft crying) (indistinct, overlapping chatter) That Quantou operative that tipped you off about the trafficking... that was your sister Kim. Wasn't it? Look, I understand why you may not want the general public to know about it, but you got to keep that from me? I'm truly sorry. I am ashamed for my actions. But I am more ashamed for my sister. I tried to keep her out of trouble when my parents died. I even helped her become a cop in Hong Kong. But something about her just seems to be... broken. I get it. I'm your partner, Lee. And as much as I hate to admit it sometimes, I'm also your friend. And that's why I'm willing to tell you straight up that you're not able to handle this situation alone, man. You're way too close to it. And if you turn your back on me and the rest of your new family, you're gonna end up just as broken as Kim is. (engine starts) Agent Myers. Myers : Captain Cole. Nice to see you again. Yeah, well, um, no offense, but I'm not a big fan of being summoned by the FBI. Care to tell me why I'm here? I'd like you to meet Agent Westhusing of the CIA, and his guest Joseph Yun from the Chinese Ministry of State Security. Oh. Captain, we've asked you here because we received your formal request for assistance in investigating the Quantou. And? Westhusing : We're already on the case. The MSS managed to imbed a secret agent inside the organization. That agent has now followed the Quantou to the United States. (car door opens, closes) Myers : This is Agent Kim Lee. Detective Lee's sister. I-I thought you were dead. Westhusing : And that's the story we expect you to stick with. You know, these people attacked my division. They wounded dozens of my officers, they killed a suspect in cold blood. Kim : I came there to stop them. I tried to save Zho Tu so you could bring him to justice, but the Quantou got to him before I could. Myers : Captain, we have a rare opportunity to stop this organization from gaining a foothold, not just in this city, but the entire country. So, what do you want from me? Westhusing : To go back finish mopping up the mess, file the necessary reports and then move on. Anything else? Kim : Yes. You cannot share any of this with my brother. He's far more emotional than he seems. I can't risk him blowing my cover. All right, then. And thanks so much for giving me one more reason to hate the Valley. ♪ The fire ♪ 
♪  There's something in your heart  ♪ 
♪ There's something in your heart ♪ 
♪ And it's in your eyes, it's the fire ♪ 
♪ Let it burn ♪ 
♪ You say, "Don't give up" ♪ Are you sure you want to go do down this path? ♪ Inside you ♪ If you're in... ♪ The fire ♪ I'm right there with you. ♪ Inside you, the fire... ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 