Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x09 - Prisoner of Love - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x09 - Prisoner of Love https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=28070 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/23/16 12:34 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x09 - Prisoner of Love 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (Security gate buzzes) 
 Guard : Come on, let's go. 
 Steven : Made a lot of mistakes in my time. 
 Done things I'm not really proud of. 
 But I always tried to have a code. 
 Don't fight... unless I got no choice. 
 And don't hurt nobody who doesn't have it coming to 'em. 
 Steven, you don't need to convince me. 
 In the eyes of the law, your crimes warrant a life sentence. 
 But, you know, in 12 years here, you've shown real remorse, and a commitment to becoming a better man. 
 The Lord sees the goodness in your heart. 
 I can see it, too. 
 That's what's gonna make this so hard. 
 You're a good man. 
 Always liked you. 
 Forgive me, Father. 
 Let's do it! 
 (inmates clamoring) 
 Call it in. Call it in. Go! 
 (alarm buzzing) 
 Lock it down. I repeat, lock it down. 
 Father! Come on. 
 Let's get you the hell out of here! 
 (clamoring continues) 
 (bars rattling) 
 Lock those doors! Come on, get back! 
 Move! Do it! 
 Go! 
 Move, move. 
 (panting) 
 Let's go. Let's go, let's go. 
 Come on, people. Follow me. 
 (over P.A.): Evacuate civilian personnel. 
 (sirens wailing) 
 Go, go, go! 
 (siren wailing) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Steven Baker. 
 Two days ago, he broke out of a Boston prison. 
 The FBI could use some help in the manhunt. 
 You believe Baker is headed to L.A.? 
 We've received phone tips reporting possible sightings of Baker that suggest he could be headed west. 
 If you'll excuse me being direct, have you also received tips suggesting he could be headed a thousand other places? 
 It's been 48 hours since his escape, but we have a lot of leads that seem credible. 
 Some more than others. 
 All of which must be pursued. 
 Yes. 
 But there are enough to pursue that the FBI needs our help. 
 Understood. 
 We'll look into it. 
 And I assume we start by talking to her. 
 What was that? 
 I knocked. 
 I know. Don't. 
 Lee, in a cop duo, you can only have one knocker, okay? 
 Two knockers is just a recipe for disaster. 
 It's one knocker per team. One. 
 Okay, maybe I could be the knocker. 
 Are you out of your mind? 
 You're no knocker. Look at you. 
 I'm a knocker. Check it out. 
 You're a stand-and-starer. 
 I knock, you stand and stare. 
 Maybe we could alternate. 
 That's ridiculous... 
 Pam Baker? 
 Afternoon. 
 LAPD. 
 Um, do you mind if I...? 
 Sorry for the scrutiny. 
 I guess I'm just naturally cautious. 
 No problem. We just need to ask you a few questions about your ex-husband. 
 Mom? 
 Pam : Uh, it's okay, honey. 
 Just listen to your music. 
 It's actually Pam Sanders. 
 I had to leave the name Baker behind when I entered witness protection. 
 Sorry, we're still getting up to speed. 
 The FBI is leading this case. 
 My partner and I were brought in a few moments ago. 
 Well, if you're here to ask where my ex-husband is, let me save you some time. 
 12 years ago, Steven was sent to prison. 
 I was given a new name and relocated here. 
 We haven't spoken since. 
 The thing is, a prison break gets a lot of news coverage. 
 So the feds get calls from all over with people having tips and possible sightings. 
 Lee : It's more than they can handle. 
 But every one of them has to be investigated. 
 And there's been a trail of recent activity: stolen cars, convenience store robberies, carjackings. 
 And that was Steven? 
 There's no video or anything to confirm that, but based on a few eyewitness descriptions, it seems plausible enough that the FBI asked us to look into it. 
 Lee : If those incidents happen to be Steven Baker, it puts him on a pathway directly to Los Angeles. 
 Why would he come here? 
 We were hoping maybe you had a few ideas on that. 
 You might not be able to tell from my wardrobe, but green is also my favorite color. 
 My sister used to do the same trick, when she was eavesdropping on our parents. 
 Is there any chance Baker would come here to see you? 
 I don't see how. 
 He doesn't know where I am. No one does. 
 That's the whole point of witness protection. 
 So after the move, you two never spoke again? 
 At 24, I fell for a man who was rough around the edges. 
 I didn't know how rough until he was arrested for murder. 
 I saw the relocation as a chance to start over, so that's what I did. 
 There's nothing to worry about. 
 And if there was, I would find it. 
 And kick his butt. 
 And your daughter? 
 She doesn't know anything about this. 
 I'd prefer to keep it that way. 
 Right. 
 Well, if you, uh, happen to hear anything... 
 I won't. 
 I'm sorry you wasted your time, but everything you're asking me, it's in my past. 
 I'll leave that just in case. 
 Lee. 
 (door opens) 
 Lee : We'll be back. 
 Something seems off. 
 It's the Valley, Lee. 
 Everything's off. 
 It's hot, smells weird, people talk funny. 
 The Kardashians live in the Valley. 
 I'm-a try to holla if I see one of them though. 
 Mom, are you okay? 
 Pack some clothes. 
 We need to go. 
 Detective Lee. 
 Captain. 
 Did you and Carter talk to Pam Sanders? 
 Uh, yes. She didn't seem to have any information on Baker's whereabouts. 
 "Seem"? Well, you sound like you have a little doubt in your voice. 
 I'm not sure. I, um... I have a... 
 Oh, a-a feeling in your gut? 
 Um, yes. 
 Right, right. Well, you know, it's probably just indigestion, but either way, you should, uh, you should check it out. 
 Okay. 
 Donovan : Carter. 
 This showed up on my desk by accident. 
 Donovan, I better not open this and find some of your swimsuit modeling photos. 
 You should be so lucky. 
 My graceful, swan-like frame, practically made for swimwear. 
 My Zipomatic key chain. 
 Carbon fiber case. 
 Retractable steel cable. 
 Got tired of losing my keys all the time. 
 Check it. 
 Carter, every so often, you do something very cool. 
 This was not one of those times. 
 You are now the envy of every janitor. 
 Good thing your mom like janitors. 
 Carter, I have a problem with my gut. 
 They make pills for that. Prior to this week, Steven Baker had a perfect conduct record. 
 During the escape, he stole a robe from a priest and hijacked a van full of prison personnel. 
 But not one of them was harmed. 
 I had a gut thing myself. 
 Pam's daughter Cristin is 12 years old. 
 That's the same number of years that Baker's been in prison. 
 Maybe Pam was pregnant with Baker's kid when she left town. 
 Or she had another guy. 
 Either way, if she hid that from him and he suddenly found out, that would not make a happy convict. 
 And check this out. 
 Hi, Didi. Hey, uh, pull up that screen. 
 N-No, not that one. Another one. N-No. 
 Zoom in. No, zoom out. What you doing? 
 Carter, between you and my five-year-old son, do you know who has better manners? 
 I want to say me. I mean, I'm an adult, he's five, so the answer should be me. 
 Yeah, it should. 
 Just show him what we got. 
 On Baker. 
 Looking at you to show Lee what we got. 
 Didi, I would be honored to hear what your expert research and hard work has recovered. 
 Why, thank you so much, Detective Lee. 
 Carter : What's happening here? 
 How come you responded to him and not me? 
 So, we got Elliot Vaughn. 
 Okay? He's Baker's former boss. 
 He ran a high-dollar law firm specializing in low-life clients. 
 We're talking mobsters, corrupt politicians, anyone rich and dirty. 
 So Baker worked for a legal firm? 
 In a not-so-legal capacity. 
 See, Paul Vaughn, Elliot's son and partner in the firm, hired Baker as a fixer. 
 He sent Baker to lean on a juror during a racketeering trial. 
 The juror died from blunt force trauma to the head, and Baker was arrested for murder. 
 What about his employers? 
 Well, Baker was small-time. 
 I mean, Boston PD wanted Vaughn, and Baker wasn't one to snitch. 
 But he did make a lot of enemies in his work, so he feared that someone would go after his wife. 
 So he struck a deal to get her into witness protection by testifying against his bosses. 
 It turns out, Elliot Vaughn had enough influential friends to just walk away with a slap on the wrist. 
 His son wasn't so lucky. 
 Paul got 15 years at a prison in Upstate New York. 
 He was just four years from finishing his term when he got killed by another inmate. 
 Stabbed during a fight ten months ago. 
 There's another wrinkle in the story. 
 Didi, tell him the wrinkle. 
 This is excellent work. 
 I couldn't do my job without you. 
 If there is by any chance that this story has another wrinkle... 
 Why, it does. 
 So, Elliot Vaughn lost the law firm, but... a few years ago, he bought an online floral distribution business based in Los Angeles. 
 I don't know how you could be any more helpful. 
 His home address, Detective Lee. 
 Thank you, Didi. 
 Carter : Okay. 
 Cute little presentation. 
 But in the real world, you got to be direct with people. 
 Okay, nobody got time for all these pleasantries and courtesies... Oh, h-hey, Captain. How are you? 
 Listen, about that escaped inmate, at first it seemed a little crazy to think he'd risk a cross-country trip to L.A. 
 But I think there might be more to it. 
 I'm thinking me and Lee stay on it. 
 Lee : But only if we are graciously permitted to do so by our esteemed and respected captain. 
 Okay. 
 Yeah, y-you might want to just pull that back just a-a little bit, but... sold. 
 Just... get to it. 
 Didi : Good luck, Lee. 
 I'm not amused by any of this! 
 Ya'll hear me?! 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Steven Baker. 
 That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. 
 Can I offer you some charcuterie? 
 Some aged bleu, brie, gouda. 
 What is wrong with you? 
 We cannot accept gifts. 
 Okay, you and I, we're gonna have a little talk about this later. 
 How long have you been a resident of Los Angeles? 
 Almost three years. 
 Ever since I expanded my business. 
 This is all flower money? 
 The house, the cheese, the lady who brings the cheese... all brought to you by flowers? 
 When I lost the firm, I was close to broke. 
 I opened a tiny flower shop, just hoping to live simply. 
 I never dreamed it'd make me rich. 
 But not enough to cover all your losses. 
 No. I'd give away every bit of this just to have my son Paul back. 
 He's the one who hired Baker. 
 Yes. 
 But not to do the vicious things they claimed in court. 
 I'll admit that my firm was aggressive, but we never supported violence. 
 And certainly not the tactics used by Steven Baker. 
 The testimony he gave was filled with lies. 
 A jury found him credible. 
 Unfortunately. 
 I practiced long enough to know that the law doesn't always work in your favor. 
 And my son paid the ultimate price for that fact. 
 You and Baker must have some pretty bad blood between you. 
 Think there's any reason he might want to come find you? 
 I don't know why. 
 If anyone had a score to settle, it's me with him. 
 He destroyed my entire life. 
 I have every reason in the world to hate that man; and for a long time, I did. 
 But then... 
 I let go. 
 Let go? 
 Beauty and power are ephemeral, Detective. 
 None of us are here forever. 
 We all have to make the most of the time we have. 
 Thank you for your help. 
 Well, if you hear anything... or if you get called out of town and need a house sitter... holla at your boy. 
 I'll be sure to contact you immediately. 
 Listen, if I'm saying something that I shouldn't be saying, fine, tell me. 
 But don't just smack the cheese out of my hands. 
 Lee : What do you make of Elliot Vaughn? 
 First time I've ever been jealous of a white man with a tan. 
 But, I mean, L.A.'s a big market. 
 Makes sense to expand a business here. 
 Maybe him being here is just a coincidence. You? 
 What that gut say? 
 It says Baker's headed this way. 
 Would you like me to make you a drink, sir? 
 I can make my own damn drink. 
 We'll see Baker soon. 
 Make sure we're ready. 
 Sir. 
 (door opens) 
 (door closes) 
 Man : The reason to buy this car is it has a smooth ride, it's got killer performance. 
 Between you and me, it's a chick magnet. 
 (chuckles) 
 (phone ringing) 
 Oh. Sorry, one second. 
 Yeah, I'm on a test drive, Jeff. What is it? 
 Rick, hey, yeah, so bit of an issue here. 
 The I.D. and credit card from Mr. Goss? 
 Turns out it was stolen yesterday, rather aggressively. 
 So... yeah. 
 Okay. Uh, that's... good to know. 
 I'll see ya. 
 (earpiece beeps) 
 I ain't stopping, so... whatever you got to do. 
 (electronic bell chiming) 
 (sighs) 
 (grunting) 
 (tires screech) 
 (scoffs) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Okay, Salesman Rick, this is our guy? 
 I-I'm not sure. Th... I mean, that might be him. 
 You sat right next to him. 
 Well, I'm a little woozy! 
 I got thrown from a speeding... ow... a speeding car. 
 So the guy didn't say anything? 
 He just pushed you out of the car? 
 Yeah, he just pushed me. 
 I mean, he just violently shove... ow... shoved me out of the car. 
 Salesman can't confirm it's him. 
 How 'bout a security video? 
 No clear look at his face. 
 That's either a very conveniently timed itch... 
 Or a man who knows how to hide from a camera. 
 I called the witness protection team that worked for Pam Sanders, but they were adamant that her location could not be compromised. 
 It's just ego. 
 They get a call from a cop suggesting that their plan isn't completely bulletproof, they're gonna push back. 
 Well, they said they'd have a car monitor the area, but they didn't seem to think there was any reason for concern. 
 (ringtone playing) 
 Didi. 
 Hey, Carter. You at the dealership? 
 Yeah, but we can't get a positive I.D. 
 But I know this has to be Baker. 
 Okay, so I got my hands on a copy of Baker's inmate file from prison, and I found something interesting. 
 Hurry up! I got a lot to do. 
 By which I mean, "Please do share the information which you have learned." 
 Weird, but better. 
 I'm sending to you now. 
 So there is a lot here, okay? It's a mess. 
 But I found out that just before his escape, Baker had an altercation with a guard. 
 Altercation? 
 Corrections Officer Richard Parrot claimed that he was on his rounds when Baker reached through the bars of his cell and choked him. 
 Parrot was able to grab his baton and struck Baker until he let go. 
 Baker wasn't disciplined? 
 With no witnesses and only Baker showing wounds from the struggle, no formal charge was filed. 
 Was Parrot there during the escape? 
 No, see, that's the thing. 
 So, the day after he got attacked, he just called up and quit his job. 
 So where is he now? 
 I don't know. 
 Oh. 
 I just, you know, thought you had more. 
 I don't have every answer, Carter. 
 Okay, I have a lot of them. I don't have all of them. 
 This is the part where you come in, doing the detective thing. 
 Okay. 
 I misread the momentum of the conversation, which made it sound like you had more than you did. 
 Let me call you back. 
 
 
 
 Come on, Lee. Let's go get some donuts. 
 So, in the span of a week, a model inmate attacks a guard, breaks out of prison, and goes on a cross-country crime spree. 
 To the city where his ex-wife is in hiding and his old boss is growing flowers and serving up delicious cheese, which you had no right to smack out of my hand. 
 But how does it fit together? 
 WWDD? 
 What Would Denzel Do? 
 What is Denzel? 
 Are you serious? 
 You don't know Denzel? 
 Devil in a Blue Dress, The Equalizer? 
 Tell me you at least seen The Equalizer. 
 I-I haven't seen The Equalizer. 
 How did you get in this country? They don't give you some type of Denzel quiz at customs? 
 Man's the greatest movie detective of all time. 
 I mean, he's so cool, he just starts talking and answers appear. You know, he be like... 
 "Okay, okay. The question on the table is why did Baker come to L.A.? I said, why did Baker come to L.A.?" 
 Carter, maybe the question is not "Why did he come?" 
 Maybe it is "Why did he come now?" 
 And this might be the answer. 
 Carter : An envelope? What's inside? 
 It doesn't say on the file, but this was sent to Baker just one week ago. 
 It's got the same color ink that I saw Pam's daughter Cristin using. 
 You might not be able to tell from my wardrobe, but green is also my favorite color. 
 If she doesn't know who this guy is, why is she sending him a letter? 
 And why would it arrive just days before Baker's escape? 
 Pam Baker's in witness protection. 
 If Cristin sent this, she may have compromised her mom's location. 
 But their house is in Van Nuys. 
 This has a return P.O. box on the other side of town, in West Hollywood. 
 Okay. Okay. 
 (door opens) Be right there. 
 Can I help you? 
 I got a letter that was sent from here. 
 You're gonna tell me about the girl that sent it. 
 (tires screech) 
 Carter : Mailbox Margie's. 
 (bell dings) 
 Hello? 
 LAPD. 
 Anybody here? 
 Mailbox Margie? 
 Anybody here? 
 What the hell? 
 Oh, Margie. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Ballistics is working on the bullet taken from Mailbox Margie. 
 But the shooter was in and out quick. 
 Didn't even bother closing out the file he pulled up on the computer. 
 The one with Cristin's return address? 
 Kid was smart enough not to mail the letter from their apartment... 
 But too naive to realize someone might be able to find it. 
 Yeah. 
 I told you we'd be back. 
 (engine stops) 
 (dog barking in distance) 
 Carter : Don't move. 
 Hands in the air. 
 Turn around and get down on the ground. 
 I'm unarmed! 
 Carter : Good to know. 
 But still doesn't change our previous status of me wanting you on the ground! 
 I don't know where they are! 
 And it will stay that way. 
 We won't let you harm Pam or her daughter. 
 Our daughter. 
 Listen to me. 
 I am here to protect them. I am not gonna hurt them! 
 Okay. But I still can't help but noticing how you're still not on the damn ground! 
 If you knew your family was in danger, how far would you go to save them? 
 Okay, that's enough. 
 (grunts) 
 You take the roof! I'll cover the front! 
 (grunting) 
 I got to see my family. 
 I can't let you stop me. 
 If they are in danger, tell me. 
 But I can't let you go. 
 Okay. 
 (grunting) 
 (grunting) 
 Hey. 
 I hate to keep bringing this up, but I kind of have an obsessive quality about me. 
 So if I may, get your ass on the damn ground! 
 Yo! 
 Keep it down! 
 I'm trying to study for the bar! 
 Get your ass back inside! (grunts) 
 (screaming) 
 I did it! 
 Saved by a key... 
 (shouts) 
 (grunts) 
 Damn it! 
 Another pool?! 
 (tires screech) 
 Hey! 
 He stole your car. 
 There are just certain lines you cannot cross. 
 And you do not steal a man's classic, badass car. 
 Carter, here's the missing letter. He dropped it for us on purpose. 
 "I'm not sure how much you know about me. 
 "Maybe as much as I know about you. 
 My whole life..." 
 Cristin : ...all my mom would say was that she lost touch with my dad since I was born and that she didn't know how to reach him. 
 I always knew there was more she wasn't saying. 
 Today, she finally told me the truth. 
 She said the lie was to protect me. 
 And she said it was your idea. 
 Because you're a good man and that even though we never met, you still loved me. 
 She made me promise not to contact you, and I said, "Okay." 
 But I was lying. 
 I want to know my dad. 
 Her parents' intentions were good. 
 They just wanted to spare her from knowing that her dad was in jail for murder. 
 So if Baker was telling the truth and he came here to protect them, who is he protecting them from? 
 Mail sent to inmates are carefully screened by the prison, all right? Any number of people could have seen that letter or the return address. 
 So maybe a prison guard. 
 Carter : Yeah. 
 Imagine this. 
 Baker's sitting in his jail cell and Officer Parrot walks up. 
 She seems like a sweet kid. 
 I'll be sure to tell her you said hi. 
 Hey! 
 (grunting) 
 There's more going on here than just a prison break. 
 We need to find out where Baker's heading. 
 And we need to find a way to get there. 
 (horn honking) 
 (upbeat music playing) 
 About damn time, Cousin. 
 Right this way, Lee. 
 Get in, man! 
 Gerald. 
 I ain't sitting in the middle. 
 Nice car. 
 Don't touch nothing. 
 This is my baby. Aah! 
 What is this? You a taxi driver now? 
 Do you have a permit for that? 
 No, I borrowed it from my boy Stinky Bert. 
 He drives a taxi. 
 Does he have a permit for that? 
 Almost certainly not. 
 Nah, this is just another one of his business ideas. 
 Stinky Bert is an entrepreneurial genius. 
 Can we just focus on the stolen car? 
 Gerald : Okay, so I know that the green dot is us and the red dot is him. 
 What I don't get is how he was able to start your car and drive off with it in the first place. 
 Must've hot-wired it. No other explanation. 
 (ringtone playing) 
 Ms. Diaz, so nice to hear from you. 
 Carter, that was almost good. 
 And for your effort, I've got an answer you were looking for. 
 You want to know where Parrot is? 
 Well, turns out he skipped town without telling anyone where he was going. 
 But guess who managed to get a few details out of a man working at Parrot's bank. 
 Look at my girl go. 
 Using them feminine wiles to get answers. 
 Battin' them lashes, struttin' that booty to and fro till that man was straight-up hypnotized! 
 Over the phone, Carter. 
 I didn't put on a hoochie club dress and go traipsing around the bank. 
 I see. I... seem to have misread your tone, which I interpreted as sly and playfully suggestive. 
 Yeah, well, it wasn't. 
 I simply picked up the phone, asked polite questions, and found out that Parrot bought a plane ticket to L.A. 
 Which was fine work. 
 I just thought I detected slyness, which led me to feminine wiles and booty strut. 
 (phone beeps) 
 (line beeps) 
 (sighs) Want to get a coffee? 
 How 'bout a margarita? 
 She hung up on you, didn't she? 
 Come on, man. I know that face. 
 That's that "Really, ninja? 
 Did this woman seriously just hang up on me?" face. 
 Come on, Lee. Look. Check it out, man. You see it. 
 I see his face. It's of surprise and shame. 
 Everyone just shut up and stop looking at my face! 
 (laughs) 
 Yeah, she hung up on you, all right. 
 Looks like our Correction Officer Parrot recently bought a plane ticket to L.A. 
 Looks like Baker just came to a stop. 
 Why are you panicking? 
 I'm not panicking. 
 Why do we have to go? 
 Because you put us in danger, Cristin. 
 It was just a stupid letter. 
 I never meant to hurt anyone. 
 I know. 
 And I understand why you sent it. 
 I really do. 
 But there is a reason I told you we can't have any contact with your father. 
 Not because I didn't want to. 
 'Cause, God knows, I miss him, too. 
 Because he doesn't want us to have to pay for his crimes. 
 That's why he helped us hide in the first place. 
 I tried to be careful. 
 I know you did, sweetheart. 
 But the people who want to hurt our family are smart. 
 And they're very dangerous. 
 I'm inclined to agree. 
 Let's go. 
 Pam : Hello? 
 Where are you, baby? 
 They're in good hands, Baker. 
 Your girls haven't been hurt at all. 
 You want it to stay that way, you'll listen closely. 
 You'll do everything I say. 
 Understand? 
 Carter : He's on the move again. 
 Step on it, G. 
 Carter : Oh, my car. 
 I miss you, baby. 
 Hey, hey, man! 
 What? 
 18.50, man. Come on. 
 Look. We accept EBT, food stamps, IOU... something, man. 
 It's surge prices after 9:00 p.m. 
 I'm-a surge my foot in your ass, you don't get the hell out of here, Gerald! 
 Okay. 
 Where are they? 
 Don't worry. They're in good hands. 
 (crying) 
 (grunts) Easy, boy. 
 Mr. Baker. 
 It's touching to see how concerned you are for your family. 
 I know exactly how you feel. 
 Carter : Lee. 
 Here. Let's go! Let's go! 
 I never thought of myself as a violent man. 
 Of course, that was before you took my son. 
 My only family. 
 After that, everything changed. 
 Carter : Excuse me, excuse me! Move, move, move! 
 Excuse me! Move, move! Move, move, move! 
 Excuse me. All right. 
 Out of the way! Out of the way! 
 Thank you very much! 
 So, there he is. 
 Your daddy. 
 Aren't you so very proud of him? 
 That's enough! 
 My son is dead. 
 Did you know that? 
 He was killed in prison. 
 In a fight with another inmate. 
 Vaughn, I had nothing to do with that, okay? 
 You had everything to do with it! 
 And that's when I knew I couldn't let you get away with what you'd done to me. 
 So I got in touch with my friends in low places. 
 Keeping watch until someone made a mistake, and then... 
 Someone did. 
 I just can't believe my luck, that you'd break out of prison and make your way here. 
 So that I could do... this, right before your eyes. 
 Now! 
 LAPD! Drop your weapon! 
 Go, go, go, go, go! 
 ♪ Girl, don't you understand ♪ 
♪ I want to be your man ♪ 
♪ Let's run, let's run to the sun to the moon and back again ♪ 
♪ I'll take you to another place... ♪ 
 Steven : I'm gonna get us out of here, okay? 
 ♪ Yes, I feel that you want me ♪ 
♪ Oh, the trembling body ♪ 
♪ Love on your mind, lust in your eyes... ♪ 
 (muffled grunting) 
 (sirens wailing) 
 Man (over radio) : Be advised. Shots fired. 
 Move. 
 Man : What's going on, man? 
 Steven : Go. This way. 
 Everything's gonna be okay. 
 (grunts) 
 Vaughn : No, it isn't. 
 Not yet. 
 Vaughn, leave them out of this, okay? 
 They're innocent. 
 They didn't do anything to you. I did. 
 I know. And this is what's gonna cost you. 
 (gasping) 
 Dad! Dad! 
 (groans) 
 Beautiful moment. 
 Enjoy it. 
 (groans) 
 Cristin : Dad, you're shot. 
 Eh. It's not the first time. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 I'm not. 
 I got to see my baby girl, right? 
 (chuckles) 
 Man couldn't be stopped. 
 Whatever he had to do for his family. 
 It was worth it. 
 Carter : We got to get him a ambulance. 
 Baker. 
 Be good. 
 (pained chuckle) 
 That won't be necessary. 
 Come on. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 The flowers say, "I'm grateful for all your awesomeness, even though I'm generally terrible about showing it." 
 Hmm. 
 And what does the vase say? 
 It says, "I misjudged the weight of a bunch of flowers and dropped the real vase when I went to pick them up." 
 Thanks, Carter. 
 Mailbox Margie murder solved. 
 Ballistics from the bullet match Parrot's gun. 
 So Vaughn bought a new fixer to take revenge on the old fixer, and almost killed an innocent woman and her daughter in the process. 
 Hey, uh, let me ask you something. 
 Back at the flower mart, watching Baker and his daughter, seeing how he'd do anything to protect her... 
 You know I don't mean to get all up in your business or nothing, but... it made you think of your sister, didn't it? 
 I'm only two years older than my sister. 
 And circumstances required that I took care of Kim, almost like a father. 
 She was only 15 when our parents died. 
 You know, it was a freak car accident. 
 My father was a police officer, and as such, a skilled driver. 
 I never really understood why he wasn't able to keep the car on the road. 
 That's tough, man. 
 You ever hear any specifics on what happened with the car? 
 I was very young at the time. 
 The police only told me what they thought was necessary. 
 What about after you became a cop? 
 You ever look into the details? 
 I tried, but the files were destroyed in a precinct fire. 
 I should get back to my report. 
 Yeah, yeah, of course, man. 
 Hey, uh, but there's something I need you to check out as soon as you're finished. 
 Does it pertain to this case? 
 It pertains to every case, all right? 
 Training Day. 
 Oh, I love Will Smith. 
 Are you messing with me? 
 (engine revving, gunfire over TV) 
 You see that? How cool is Denzel? 
 I don't even understand how the TV is still working after showing somebody that cool. 
 And talk about handsome. 
 Look at his beard. 
 The hell? 
 Oh, it-it needed to be lined up. 
 Lee, how blown is your mind right now? 
 Are you completely mind-blown? 
 He may be the worst police officer I've seen. 
 (gasps) 
 He's broken pretty much every law I'm aware of. 
 I know you ain't... 
 That... You gonna dis... 
 Lee, when a man is that cool, he makes his own laws. 
 Okay, because regular laws don't apply to him. 
 Gerald : Exactly. 
 What are you guys watching? 
 Training Day. 
 Training Day. 
 It's the worst movie I've ever seen. 
 Ooh! 
 Lee, what say you we go over here? 
 What say we go to China where the cinema isn't quite so terrible? 
 Oh! What the... 
 Gerald : I'm about to go back to jail! 
 I'm about to help you get there. 
 I'm about to get that third strike! 
 I'm gonna help you get that fourth. 
 Man, what's wrong with him?! 
 I'm gonna tell you what's wrong with him. 
 He was made in China, and everybody know all the best cinema was made in America. 
 (Chuckles) 
 Stay tuned for scenes from the next Rush Hour. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 