Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Welcome Back, Carter - Rush Hour 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Welcome Back, Carter https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=612&t=27029 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/06/16 03:50 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Welcome Back, Carter 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Announcer : Match is underway here. 
 Capwell with a lot at stake and an opportunity to go to the conference finals with a win tonight. 
 ♪ I've been grinding so long ♪ 
♪ Been trying this here for years ♪ 
♪ And I got nothing to show ♪ 
♪ Just climbing this rope right here ♪ 
♪ And if there's a man upstairs ♪ 
♪ He kept bringing me rain ♪ 
 (crowd cheering) 
 ♪ And something's changed ♪ 
♪ I think I finally found ♪ 
 Announcer : Great cross from Nunez. 
 Number five, nice shot! 
 Goal! 
 (cheering) 
 ♪ My dreams are coming true, yeah ♪ 
♪ I've been waiting for this moment ♪ 
♪ It's good to be alive ♪ 
♪ Right about now ♪ 
 (whooping) 
 ♪ Good to be alive ♪ 
♪ Right about now ♪ 
♪ Hallelujah ♪ 
♪ Let that bass line move ya ♪ 
 (crowd cheering) 
 ♪ Good, good, good ♪ 
♪ Good to be alive ♪ 
♪ Right about now ♪ 
♪ Good, good, good ♪ 
 (phone buzzing) 
 ♪ Hallelujah ♪ 
♪ Let that bass line move ya ♪ 
♪ Say yeah ♪ 
 _ 
 I got to go. 
 My dad's freaking out. 
 What? 
 What? 
 Come on. 
 Boring. 
 ♪ Good, good, good ♪ 
♪ Good to be alive ♪ 
♪ Right about now ♪ 
♪ Good, good, good ♪ 
♪ Good to be alive ♪ 
♪ Right about now. ♪ 
 (crowd cheering in distance) 
 (grunting softly) 
 (grunting) 
 (bellowing) 
 (both grunt) 
 I watch the pills. 
 Where they go, you go. 
 Who is the cook? 
 Who is the cook? 
 Even if I knew, I wouldn't tell you. 
 (grunting, groaning) 
 (groans) 
 (grunts) 
 (whimpering) 
 Just give me a name. 
 I kill you quick. 
 Announcer : Off the deflection, and a header by number ten! 
 (crowd cheering) 
 For a goal! 
 Report was a single victim, female, dead from a gunshot. 
 So why does this look like the aftermath of a ten-man brawl? 
 Lee : The victim put up quite a fight. 
 Greetings, Detective. 
 Hey. 
 Lee, hi. 
 It's me, Alice. 
 I'm with the coroner's office. (chuckles) 
 Which is good 'cause otherwise I'm just some weirdo poking a dead body. 
 (nervous chuckle) 
 I'm Alice. 
 I know. 
 So that dead body? 
 Right, let's get to that. 
 Victim's a 17 year old Capwell High School student with a gunshot wound to the chest. 
 She has a compound fracture of the left tibia, not to mention several defensive injuries. 
 We found two of these, one on each eyelid. 
 Carter : Pill. Some sort of street drug, but not one I've ever seen before. 
 In the gang world, items left on the eyes of a victim is meant to send a message. 
 Not sure what message this is sending. 
 Let's get those to Narco, see if they're familiar. 
 Okay, will do. 
 Carter : This was a vicious brawl. 
 And very precise blows to break the bones. 
 She still kept on fighting. 
 Lee : This is no random attack... this was a professional hit. 
 Run the prints as soon as you can. 
 Okay, but we found the wallet. I have the I.D. 
 I bet it's fake. 
 This was no high school kid. 
 Lovely to see you. 
 Captain, this victim isn't who she claimed. 
 Carter, Lee, meet Detective Hess from Narcotics. 
 Her name was Jenna Donahue. 
 Five years LAPD, last three in Gangs and Narcotics. 
 Carter : She was one of us. 
 She was working undercover in my unit when she was killed. 
 This all started about six weeks ago when Bailey Turner, a student at Capwell Academy, OD'd on a new designer drug called, "raxxa." 
 The blue pills we found on our victim. 
 An enhanced form of ecstasy. Very potent. 
 Fortunately, it's tough to come by. 
 Limited supply, tightly controlled. 
 Your run-of-the-mill dealers won't have this. 
 The drug's chemical make-up is specific and consistent, sort of a secret formula. 
 But someone at Capwell had access, so they sent Jenna in to figure out who. 
 Was she able to find anything? 
 Jenna had a list of names, students she somehow thought were linked to the drug. 
 Can we bring them in for questioning? 
 Unfortunately not. 
 As soon as we started questioning students, Capwell parents went into a panic. 
 They called the lawyers and pushed us out. 
 The person who targeted Jenna was a professional killer. 
 This is a lot bigger than a high school. 
 But the school is the only link we have to this drug. 
 Then we need to get back in there. 
 This is an elite prep school, they will not like that. 
 They can not like it all they want, we lost an officer, and she deserves justice. 
 We're going undercover. 
 Can't accept "no" for an answer. 
 No. 
 I can't accept that. 
 Uh, Carter, just chill out. 
 Principal Calhoun, your academy is... 
 My academy is in the top five of every major ranking of the best prep schools in the nation and you want to send in more undercover cops? 
 In my 12 years at Capwell, not one student has ever been charged with a crime. 
 Carter : But one of your students is dead, and the LAPD officer sent in to investigate was murdered. 
 Okay, that's technically correct, but... 
 Lee : Turning your back on this problem won't make it go away. 
 All right. 
 I can get you in as administration. 
 Cole : Okay, um... these are the students of interest in this investigation. 
 (sighs) 
 Okay. 
 I have two classes where I can help. 
 The first is in Phys Ed. 
 Well, obviously that's me. 
 Yeah, we'll give that to Lee. 
 Now that's just foolish. 
 The other spot is a teacher counsel position, somebody we bring in to help the kids talk through a distressing incident. 
 Oh, perfect, this guy loves to chit-chat. 
 I've always had dreams of being Oprah. 
 Okay, so the top name on Jenna's list was Dakota Eleanor. 
 Jenna must've found something connecting Dakota to the raxxa. 
 And Dakota's in your class, Lee. 
 I'll see if I can get her to talk. 
 You don't even have to. 
 Jenna had filed a warrant to wiretap her phone, and it just came through. 
 So this phone has the software that we used to install the wiretap. 
 All you have to do, get your hands on her cell, connect the two phones, and it transfers automatically. 
 Carter : Shouldn't be a problem. 
 The transfer takes 60 seconds. 
 Separate a teenage girl from her phone for 60 seconds? 
 We aren't trained for that. 
 We'll find a way. 
 Okay, so once the software is installed, her phone becomes an active microphone. 
 We can hear everything in the area. 
 Fingers crossed she's taking some cool classes. 
 How great would it be to listen in on a World Lit class? 
 You accidentally said "great" instead of "terrible." 
 I, um... 
 I've not yet found him, Capo. 
 The identity of this... new drug cook is still a mystery. 
 Tell me. 
 This mystery cook, a man who's entered our territory, and has lifted dollar after dollar out of my pocket, do you think he's here? 
 No, Capo, I don't. 
 So if he's not here, why are you? 
 Didi : Hey, guys. 
 Yeah, so the school is our best link to the raxxa. 
 But that doesn't mean that there aren't others. 
 I want to go out on the street and find out where this stuff is originating. 
 Didi, no one's gonna talk to a cop. 
 I know. 
 That's why I called him. 
 What up though? (laughs) 
 Man, this place is crawling with cops. 
 Gerald, I'm not sure your connections connect to this. 
 Oh, you doubt my reach? 
 I have a vast network, my boy. 
 Even my connections got connections. 
 And I'm inside six degrees of every major player in this town. 
 I'm telling you, I'm like the criminal Kevin Bacon up in this piece. 
 You better let them know what's up, Didi. (chuckles) 
 (muffled): You don't know what's going on. 
 Did you get that cheese from my desk? 
 I mean, it's  a  cheese that I may have gotten off your desk, but it doesn't say "Lee's cheese." Arrogant. 
 (elevator bell dings) 
 Anyway, let's do this, partner. 
 (chuckles) I'm so excited! Oh, my God! 
 Too much. 
 All right. 
 Big day. 
 First day of school. 
 You ready? 
 It's just a school, Lee. 
 Nothing I haven't seen before. 
 ♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ And models and bottles and models ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles and bottles ♪ 
♪ And models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Watch how we dip ♪ 
♪ Got you hooked up like a tuna ♪ 
♪ So you know I'm... ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ I be tanner than Donald ♪ 
♪ I'll Trump ya and I'll munch ya ♪ 
♪ But I won't cheat like Arnold ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Watch how we flip ♪ 
♪ I can take a tone deaf... ♪ 
♪ And give her a hit ♪ 
♪ Models, models ♪ 
♪ Handing out the bottles ♪ 
♪ Take one or two ♪ 
 This is not something I've seen before. 
 ♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ And bottles and models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles ♪ 
♪ Models and bottles... ♪ 
 (music slows down) 
 ♪ ♪ 
♪ You can't get much cooler than this ♪ 
 Lee : We need to install the wiretap on Dakota's phone. 
 In one minute, my students will enter the gym. 
 I will start the class, and you'll have clear access. 
 Lee, I'm not gonna lie, I've broken into some very dangerous places, but none have made me half as nervous as this one here. 
 It's just the girl's locker room. 
 Lee, remember when I told you I got suspended in the sixth grade? 
 Gerald dared me to sneak a peek into the girl's locker room. 
 I sneaked, I peeked, I got caught, I got suspended, detention, and a spanking from Grandma I still feel today. 
 And now, I'm back. 
 Carter, listen to me, that is incredibly stupid. 
 Get over it and install the wiretap. 
 ♪  Hell yeah  ♪ 
♪ If you're with me say ♪ 
♪  Hell yeah  ♪ 
 Good pep talk. Thanks. 
 ♪ And I want to be free. ♪ 
 Hello, my name is Mr. Lee, and I will be your teacher for today. 
 (scoffs) 
 Let's get started with our first physical assignment. 
 Ballroom dancing. 
 (giggling) 
 (softly): Okay. 
 Okay. 
 (girls talking and laughing) 
 (quietly): Come on. 
 This is a long-ass 60 seconds. 
 Come on, come on. 
 Come on, hurry up! 
 _ 
 Damn, man! 
 Well, I'm out. 
 Let's go. 
 Where are you going? We have class. 
 Not if you don't teach it. 
 (phone buzzing) 
 (salsa music begins playing) 
 (gasps) 
 This is salsa. 
 (man singing in Spanish) 
 (salsa music continues) 
 I'm getting another spanking from Granny. 
 (shower curtain opens) 
 (shower running) 
 Shoot. 
 Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. 
 (salsa music continues) 
 (music ends) 
 (sighs) 
 (exhales, clears throat) 
 (voice cracking): Questions? 
 Girl : Can I be next? 
 _ 
 Yes! 
 Didi : And the wiretap is on. 
 Boom! We're in. 
 Top Gun  high five right here. 
 Why do you have to make everything awful? 
 Carter : Come on, guys. 
 If I'm gonna be any help to you, we need to talk. 
 Nobody? 
 You guys lost two of your classmates and nobody has anything they want to get off of their chest? 
 Dude, just take the paycheck. 
 You get paid for showing up. 
 There's no bonus for the whole "share your feelings" song and dance. 
 So two people killed and that's no big thing? 
 Pretty much. 
 Life goes on. 
 Damn. 
 Nobody told me I'd be sitting here with so many badass dudes. 
 Well, I'll tell you what, an OD, a murder right here at your school, if that doesn't bother you, then there's something wrong with you. 
 Sure as hell bothers me. 
 I still can't believe what happened to Bailey. 
 She just took a couple pills. 
 Henry, right? 
 Yeah. 
 You were tight with Bailey? 
 He's not tight with anybody. 
 (students snicker) 
 Dude's barely got one friend. 
 Henry : She just didn't deserve it, and I didn't know that Jenna girl, but I-I... 
 I know, she didn't deserve it either. 
 Look, it's no secret that drugs were around school. 
 If anybody knows any reason another student might be in danger, you need to speak up. 
 And this isn't about getting anybody in trouble... it's about making sure nobody else gets hurt. 
 (scoffs) 
 Nobody's worried about getting into trouble. 
 We don't get in trouble here. 
 What do you mean? 
 We do something wrong, Calhoun writes a report, calls our parents, and the problem just goes away. 
 (school bell ringing) 
 All right, y'all get out of here. 
 Go do something productive with your lives. 
 Didi, need your help with something. 
 Mr. Lee is so weird. 
 And so hot. 
 He's not that hot. 
 Hear anything useful? 
 Some high praise for  The Vampire Diaries,  so I might have to check that out. 
 Donovan. 
 No word on the raxxa. 
 But, uh, this surveillance thing takes a lot of time, and a lot of patience. 
 Female student : Dakota, I heard you got raxxa. 
 Or not. 
 You heard wrong. 
 I'm not the one to talk to. 
 But I wouldn't go anywhere near that stuff. 
 She's either a terrible drug dealer, or she's not one at all. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 (phone buzzes) 
 Diaz. 
 Gerald : Hey, yo, hey, Didi, remember those pills that Carter said I wasn't connected enough to find? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, guess who just got a possible meet with the guy? 
 Dirty Kevin Bacon, that's who. (chuckles) 
 Not really sure you should embrace that nickname, Gerald, but I'm in. 
 Okay, so, two hours, all right? 
 No guns, no badge, and you have to dress the part, all right? 
 Oh, and I'll also need you to pick me up because I had a pocket full of bus fare, but also, apparently, holes. 
 Calhoun told us he never had an active student charged with a crime. 
 He was lying? 
 No, just being really careful with his words. 
 When a kid commits a crime, he takes a report, but he doesn't report it to the police. 
 He reports it to the parents. 
 Police press charges, parents write checks. 
 You think he knows something about the drug activity at Capwell. 
 Bet it's in those discipline reports. 
 Those are most likely in his office. 
 We're familiar faces around. 
 We can't just break into his office. 
 No, but she can. 
 Didi. 
 Are you sure you can do this? 
 Okay, I'm at his computer. 
 What am I looking for? 
 Carter : The discipline review files. 
 Focus on any reports filled in the weeks leading up to Bailey's overdose. 
 Whoa. 
 So a student came clean to Calhoun about giving Bailey the raxxa pills a week before she OD'd. 
 It's numbered, Student 442. 
 The last line on this report says, "Donation received. Case closed." 
 (typing) 
 I can't get a name on the kid. 
 But it looks like Calhoun isn't as clean as we thought. 
 What the hell is going on here? 
 Am I in the wrong office again? 
 (sighs) This is so embarrassing. 
 I have the worst sense of direction. Like... 
 I want to know who you are, and what you're doing here. 
 Okay. (scoffs) 
 Talk. 
 You need to take a step back. 
 Several steps, actually. 
 That needs to happen in the next three seconds or I'm... 
 Or what? 
 Okay. 
 Ow. 
 
 
 
 Hey, I asked nicely. 
 I really did, I swear. 
 I was only trying to scare her. 
 Nice work on that. 
 Who is Student 442? 
 Hassan Tawfik. 
 So you found that Hassan gave Bailey the raxxa that killed her and kept it quiet. 
 After getting a nice-sized check from his parents. 
 It was a donation to the school. 
 A gift from very generous parents, which we get all the time. 
 Carter : Hush money? 
 You get that all the time? 
 No, Hassan isn't a dealer. 
 He had some pills, he passed them around. 
 Sounds like a dealer. 
 No, to his friends. He wasn't selling them. 
 He made a mistake. 
 Lee : A mistake that got someone killed. 
 And you covered that up. 
 The check was Mrs. Tawfik's idea, and she said she would get the kid into counseling. 
 I was just trying to save Capwell from a scandal. 
 Where's Hassan now? 
 It's his free period, he's either on the track or in the weight room. 
 You check the weight room. I'll hit the track. 
 (sighs) 
 What the hell are you doing, man? 
 Whoa. 
 Okay. 
 You and your friends have raxxa. 
 I want to know who sells it. 
 (whimpering): I don't know, man. 
 I don't know who he is, I swear. 
 Please! 
 (grunting) 
 (groans) 
 (grunts) 
 (groans) 
 (grunting) 
 (groans) 
 (panting) 
 Get the kid. 
 Lee, you in here? 
 LAPD! Drop the kid! 
 Lee. 
 You all right? 
 Officer down. 
 Need paramedics. Capwell Academy. 
 We won't need all that. I'll be fine. 
 I'll put some stiches in. 
 Let's find a stapler. 
 I'll be fine. (groans) 
 You really are a superhero. 
 Are you sure this guy has a tie to the raxxa? 
 Well, according to a connection of a connection of an associate, maybe. 
 I told you, I'm a dirty Kevin Bacon up in this piece. 
 Okay. 
 (with Latina accent): Let's do this. 
 (blues music playing over radio) 
 So, super cool to see you guys here. 
 Welcome to  mi casa.  Huh? 
 Uh... 
 So I understand, uh, you... 
 They call me Hollow Point. 
 Of course they do. 
 I understand my man HP here does the occasional stick-up with Slick Mike. 
 But what I don't get is who is this  chica  and why did you bring her into my office? 
 Hey, this is my girl, man. 
 This is Sweet D. She's from Reno. 
 Oh. 
 Looking for that raxxa. 
 Raxxa, right. 
 I don't know anything about that, but that's just because I'm a simple auto mechanic. 
 Right, right, right, right. 
 Yeah, she's looking for a package. 
 Oh, I bet she is. 
 (laughs) 
 Stubbs, did you hear what I just said about that package? 
 I'm on fire today. 
 Got jokes. 
 I think Sweet D seems like a really cool chick, this is what's, this is what's troubling me. 
 I don't know her. 
 So... 
 Wow, that's a big knife. 
 You probably want to go, huh? 
 Mm-mm. 
 Oh! 
 (grunts) 
 (speaking Spanish) 
 Okay. 
 Yeah. 
 You know what  I  don't trust? 
 I don't trust punk-ass D-bags who waste my time when I'm trying to conduct business. 
 Okay. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Maybe the both of us could just soften our positions, and treat each other as equals? 
 What do you say about that? 
 (sighs) 
 Stubbs, you okay? 
 (groans) 
 No, he ain't okay. 
 Didi : So, raxxa. 
 I want to know where I can buy. 
 Yeah, all right, I may have a connection. 
 Just tell me who. 
 I'll buy from them. 
 (scoffs) You can't. 
 I can't why? 
 Because you won't tell me? 
 No, I won't. 
 And even if I did, which I wouldn't, then they won't, so, you know what? 
 We're back to square one, look at that. 
 I don't know why you thought I would give up my source. 
 All right, I'll give up my source, I'll give up my source. 
 Ow! 
 I'm telling you, you don't want it though, all right? 
 Listen to me, these people are dangerous. 
 I ain't afraid of drug dealers. 
 Okay. 
 Are you afraid of Elisa Montoya? 
 You're in pain. 
 What can I do? 
 I'm fine. 
 So fine. But what can I do? 
 Carter : Hassan's stable. But he hasn't woken up. 
 Got two officers posted in his hospital room and, Alice, what are you doing here? 
 Found a few hours ago. 
 Less than 200 yards from the school. 
 Body's been there about a week. 
 It's the Capwell Academy landscaper. 
 Lee : The real landscaper. The man we saw must've killed him and just stepped into his position. 
 So he just took the job? 
 No one said anything? 
 I don't think the people at Capwell Academy pay much attention to who's trimming their hedges. 
 Killing the guy just for an easy in to the school. 
 This is brutal. 
 Didi : But about what you'd expect from Elisa Montoya. 
 I like to believe you're talking about a different Elisa Montoya not the "vicious, killing Capo of the Sinaloa Cartel" Elisa Montoya. 
 And I would like for that to be the case, but it's not. 
 The Sinaloa Cartel? 
 They brought raxxa into the school? 
 Well, not exactly. 
 Raxxa is the cartel's exclusive product. 
 Or at least it  was  until someone developed a comparable knockoff product, started selling it for half the price, cutting into the cartel's profits, and pretty much taking claim to cartel territory. 
 Ooh, cartels do not like those things. 
 No they don't, and whoever created this raxxa knockoff is somehow tied to Capwell Academy. 
 And until we figure out who that is, I mean, the cartel's not gonna stop. 
 They might've already lined up their targets. 
 This was found on the floor of the gym. 
 Didi : Jenna's dead, Hassan's in the hospital. 
 Who's next? 
 The  Elisa Montoya? As in... 
 Mid 40s, brown hair, believed to have had a hand in three to 400 murders in her reign as capo of the Sinaloa Cartel. 
 Yeah, that one. 
 Who in the drug trade would be willing to take any chance of crossing Sinaloa? 
 I mean, clearly it's someone who had no idea who they were crossing. 
 I mean, whoever's manufacturing this raxxa knockoff, got to be an outsider. 
 We have patrol units headed to provide security for every student in the photo. 
 And a dozen more posted at the school, but we can't keep them on forever. 
 And the cartel isn't just gonna get bored and move on. 
 Yeah, well, we can't take down the whole cartel. 
 I mean, Montoya's kept her hands clean enough that she's never even had a single serious charge brought against her. 
 Look. we got to figure out some way to end this. 
 You guys, Hassan Tawfik's awake. 
 He's ready to talk. 
 Okay, well, good place to start. 
 Diego, we've been using the kid's cell phone. 
 I think we found our cook's kitchen. 
 Hassan :  Man, that is messed up. 
 Cops posing as teachers? 
 Cops posing as teachers who stopped a hit man from taking your head off. 
 So maybe pull back on the attitude. 
 Lee : We need to know everything you know about the raxxa knockoff. 
 Well, I only bought off the guy a few times. 
 There was a cell number you texted, but I don't know who it was. 
 You just leave the cash in whatever spot he texts you, then you got another text for another spot and that's where you're supposed to pick it up. 
 You never dealt with him directly? 
 Once. 
 He must've been running late, or needed cash fast or something, 'cause he met me in person to make the swap. 
 Just some random street corner. 
 His face was covered, he didn't say a word. 
 I'm telling you, I don't know who it was. 
 Where is this street corner? 
 It's on a text on my phone, which is... somewhere. 
 Um... 
 It was east of downtown. 
 Hancock and-and Bagley. 
 Well, here we are. 
 You think our drug cook lives in this area? 
 I don't think anyone who has anything to do with Capwell lives in this area. 
 This is Dumpsville, USA. 
 If our drug cook is a student, then... he would need somewhere remote to work. 
 Yeah, Mom and Dad's garage wouldn't cut it. 
 But somewhere secure and private... 
 He must be working in one of these. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 Diego? 
 The cops are here. 
 And the cook? 
 We have not found him yet. 
 Do we move in? 
 No. 
 I have a way to make him come to us. 
 Why is there a vent on top of a storage unit? 
 Good question. 
 Mr. Carter? 
 Hey, Henry. 
 Some pretty messed-up extracurriculars you got here. 
 Can I help you? 
 We need to talk. 
 (muffled): What are you doing?! 
 No! 
 Let go of me! Get your hands off of me! 
 Stop! 
 (panting) 
 No... 
 Where's the audio? 
 I can barely hear the audio. 
 Hello, dear. 
 Okay, wait a minute, listen, I know I made a mistake, okay, but you don't have to arrest me. 
 I mean, you could just let me go, right? 
 Might work that way at Rich Kid Academy. 
 Not out here. 
 I'm not, I'm not a rich kid. 
 I'm there on scholarship. 
 My family's got nothing! 
 You think I'd be doing this if I was rich? I have to do this, 'cause I don't have anything. 
 Those spoiled, ungrateful idiots have everything. 
 And it-it's not fair. 
 You had to see it every day. 
 Cars, clothes... all the things you couldn't have. 
 Yeah, yeah, exactly, so you understand what I did! 
 Yeah, we do. 
 You distributed a deadly drug, got people killed, and brought a cartel hit man into Capwell because you didn't have everything you wanted. 
 (engine starts) 
 (phone ringing) 
 Donovan : Carter, I think somebody just grabbed the girl. 
 What do you mean? Kidnapped? 
 (phone chirping) 
 Hold on. 
 It's a blocked number. 
 Put it on speaker. 
 Yeah. This is Henry. 
 Henry, my elusive cook. 
 I was worried the police would've taken you, and we would not get a chance to meet. 
 For a long time, I didn't even know your name. 
 But I finally found find someone who did. 
 Your pretty friend. 
 No! No, please! 
 If you are not at 1600 San Beltran alone in ten minutes, she dies. 
 Elisa : I prefer to keep my distance from all this, but this has gone on too long. 
 I kill men who take from me. 
 You should hope he comes. 
 If he does not... 
 (car door opens) 
 (car door closes) 
 ...I have you. 
 (gasps) No. 
 No! 
 Come on. 
 Stop! 
 Ow! 
 (grunts) 
 (indistinct chattering) 
 How many voices does that sound like? 
 Too many. 
 Yeah, well, we got to be precise. 
 They're expecting a teenage kid. 
 When they see two cops, things could get ugly fast. 
 We can't let them see us coming. 
 I think I just found our way in. 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (crying) 
 Dakota : I already told you everything! 
 Diego : You lie! 
 Dakota : Henry's coming! I know he is! 
 Diego : You better be right. 
 Please! 
 Please, I had nothing to do with those pills! 
 But you knew enough to give us the name of the person who did. 
 Drop the gun! 
 Drop it! 
 (Dakota screams) 
 Ow. 
 (shouts) 
 Come on! 
 (grunts) 
 Two of them coming up! 
 Take them out! 
 (grunting) 
 Drop the gun or she dies. 
 How about you drop yours, Mr. Clean, huh? 
 Didn't you see what I just did to your homeboys? 
 Huh? I shot one of them. 
 Threw another one into the wall. Another through the glass like bam, bam, bo-bam! 
 (grunting) 
 (groaning) 
 (crying) 
 Carter : It's okay. 
 It's over. 
 Carter? 
 The phone. 
 (indistinct radio chatter) 
 Elisa Montoya, how you doing? 
 Carter, Lee, LAPD. 
 What do you think you're doing? 
 You can't come into my home without... 
 One of these? 
 That's a warrant for your arrest, by the way, in case you couldn't read the small print from over there. 
 You are charged with assault, kidnapping and murder. 
 You have nothing. 
 Nothing but this. 
 (low murmuring) 
 You hear that? 
 We couldn't hear it perfectly at first, either. 
 So we worked our digital mojo on it and... 
 Elisa : This has gone on too long. 
 I kill men that take from me. 
 Beautiful dress. 
 You know what would pair nice with that? 
 Some bracelets? 
 Let's try it and see. 
 Oh, so pretty. 
 You're under arrest. 
 Man, I've done some amazing things in my time. 
 Set the career touchdown record for my Pee Wee football league. 
 One time I ate an entire lasagna without even using my hands. 
 But nothing can compare to the time I took down a cartel capo! 
 (grunts) 
 You did that? 
 Well. 
 Would it have happened without me? No. 
 So did I do it? 
 I'm pretty much gonna have to say yes I did! 
 Oh, yeah. 
 You guys should've seen it. He whacked a guy across the face with a coffee mug. 
 Almost broke two fingers... oh, yeah, Gerald was a beast! 
 (chuckles) 
 I mean, some real dirty Kevin Bacon stuff. 
 Oh... ♪ Dirty Kevin Bacon. ♪ 
 Okay, all right. 
 I can give credit when credit's due, but I got to speak on this. 
 You did not set the Pee Wee touchdown record! 
 Yes, I did. 
 No, you didn't. 
 You tied it, which is one. You scored once. 
 Everybody tied it. 
 The record still stands. 
 It stands with everybody. 
 I tied it, Curtis tied it, Kiki... remember Kiki, when she joined the team before she got her weave pulled out? 
 She tied it. 
 (laughter) 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 