Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x06 - Happy Mother's Day! - I Am Jazz 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x06 - Happy Mother's Day! https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=394&t=19950 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 08/15/15 14:53 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x06 - Happy Mother's Day! 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Jazz : Tonight on "I Am Jazz"... 
 Happy Mother's Day. 
 We planned a scavenger hunt for you. 
 [Vocalizing] 
 [Laughs] 
 Might not make it to next Mother's Day. 
 You and Mom are always together. 
 That's why I found so many pictures of you guys. 
 All the siblings are saying that Mom spends more time with me. 
 Do you guys really feel like Mom treats me with special attention? 
 Because of your circumstances. I mean... 
 What are my circumstances? Me being transgender? 
 We're gonna keep you, little guy. 
 Greg : I consider us an ordinary family with some extraordinary circumstances. 
 I thought of it as an oddity. 
 I was devastated. 
 Jeanette : Jazz asked me, "what am I?" 
 And she would say, "Mommy, am I a boy, or am I a girl?" 
 This is my sister. 
 She's a girl. 
 She's a girl. 
 She's a girl. 
 I am transgender. 
 Greg : We love her just the way she is. 
 I am a girl. I am an artist. I am Jazz. 
 ♪ 
 How about "I hope you enjoyed your delicious breakfast treat. 
 Go to the place where the cats like to eat." 
 "Where the cats poop and eat," to make it funny. 
 That is cute. 
 You like it? Thanks, guys. 
 I think Mom's gonna be really impressed with this Mother's Day. 
 For Mother's Day, we have a very cool scavenger hunt we planned. 
 Ari and I, we are making a wonderful collage for Mom because she loves pictures and going back down Memory Lane. 
 And then the boys, they're giving her a massage. 
 Look. Look how cute that is. 
 You know, that was me at the pool party... 
 [Laughs] Yeah. 
 With Mom. 
 You look so happy. 
 I was. 
 Ari : In the past, my dad would just be like, "it's Mother's Day, we got to do something." 
 But I think, as we get older, we realize more how important she really is to us. 
 And this time, we actually can all, like, contribute. 
 Jazz : I can't wait to look at my baby like that. 
 That's such a beautiful photo. Like, look at that. 
 When I was going through these, I could only find pictures of, like, you and Mom, mostly, 'cause you're always with her. 
 Going places and doing memorable things. 
 That's not true. 
 That is so true... Not in a bad way. 
 It's, like, once or twice a month, you guys are going somewhere, you and Mom together. 
 To do good. 
 Mom is your little escort. 
 Our parents do have to juggle things to try and make things fair, but at the same time, Jazz did get a little more attention from Mom growing up than we did. 
 She's been supportive of everyone right from the start, and she loves us all, so we have to love her back. 
 You can just see from those pictures that you're putting on the collage how much she's supported you. 
 One time, I was in the championship football game, and Jazz had an event. 
 That was the one time when I just really wanted my Mom there. 
 She wasn't. 
 I mean, like, I dunno, Mom loves us all equally. 
 I didn't say she loved you more. 
 I don't get the big deal. 
 Why you cannot just say that that's true. 
 I'm like, "do you really think that way?" 
 Like, "do you feel that she's there for me more than she is for you?" 
 So, kind of just upsets me, makes me feel, you know, bad. 
 When Mom sees us all, she's gonna be so happy. 
 She's gonna feel like she's the only mom in the world. 
 She really is. 
 ♪ 
 Let's make a toast. 
 To Mother's Day weekend. 
 I am so thrilled that you're all here. 
 To mommies and daughters. 
 All our girls. 
 So, here you go. 
 Here's your gift. 
 Oh, my God! 
 Bracelets. 
 When she doesn't have a bracelet on, she feels half naked. 
 Right. Lipstick, we can live without. 
 But... well, not really. 
 Not really. 
 [Laughter] 
 Ooh. Happy Mama Day. 
 Ooh! It's a box. 
 And it has Grandma's smell. 
 Open. 
 Da da-da da... [Gasps] 
 Ohh. 
 That is beautiful. 
 I can so see Mom wearing that, too. 
 This is so me. 
 I gave Jeanette a treasured bracelet, one that I had for some time, and earmarked for her for the appropriate time. 
 It represents my love for you, and hopefully your love as you go down. 
 Oh, isn't that sweet, guys? 
 I love that something belonged to my mother, something that she wore and she enjoyed, and now I'm enjoying it... So she's always with me. 
 Love you. The most. 
 Shh, shh, shh. 
 Love you the most. 
 Jazz : People used to ask me what I wanted to be when I grew up, and I would say, "I want to be just like my mom." 
 I want to be a mom. 
 And I want to have kids, and I want to, you know, love them to the end of the earth. 
 Ari, you want children? 
 Of course. 
 What would be your game plan? 
 I need to find a guy first. 
 [Laughs] 
 What do you feel about family? 
 Umm... I mean, like, I definitely want kids, I'm just not sure how. 
 When I talk about all the advantages and disadvantages, being transgender and all, like, the one big disadvantage is that I can't have my own biological child. 
 When you have your own biological child, you could look into their eyes and say, "wow, I see a part of me in the child." 
 And, I mean, that's something I've always wanted, and it's not likely that I'm ever gonna have that. 
 I could go off the blockers, start producing some testosterone, which will produce sperm, but that means I would have to start developing as a male and, you know, getting those features that have been a nightmare for me that I've never wanted. 
 Well, I could also always adopt, or I have the option of Ari. 
 We have the same genetics, so I'm gonna make her have my baby. 
 Oh, yeah, she's been telling me she wants me to have a baby for her. 
 She's gonna carry my baby. We'll take my husband's sperm, throw it in her, and figure it out. 
 Turkey-baste you. 
 [Laughter] 
 Oh, my God. 
 Yeah. 
 How many kids do you want? 
 Over eight. 
 What?! 
 Oh, my goodness. 
 And I'm gonna have Ari produce all eight of them. 
 Or more. 
 Hear that, Ari? 
 There's your future. 
 Wow. 
 I don't think I would carry eight babies for her, but if she wanted a baby, I would carry a baby for her. 
 Well, are you gonna make a lot of money so you can have helpers and maybe... 
 Yes, I'm gonna need a nanny. Ari? 
 [Laughs] 
 Ari. 
 Did she say I'm gonna be her nanny? 
 This was Fairy-tale Land, and it was cute to hear fairy-tale talk. 
 But it isn't gonna happen. 
 And there's a present for Mommy? 
 Yeah, where's my gift from you guys? 
 [Clapping] 
 It's coming. You'll see. It's a surprise. 
 You do have a gift for me? 
 It's coming, yeah. Just don't be so antsy. 
 [Laughter] 
 We planned a scavenger hunt for you. 
 It's important that Dad gets a good gift for Mom because he's gonna be the final act to complete the scavenger hunt, so he has to do a good job. 
 What have you gotten me? 
 You know my theory on this. 
 You're not my mom. 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh, my God. 
 Hey, Jazz. What you working on? 
 Math. 
 This weird, annoying thing that's irrelevant to life. 
 What are you talking about? Math is not irrelevant. 
 When it's recursive formula, it is. 
 Anyway, with Mother's Day coming along, I'm trying to figure out what I should get her. 
 You have any ideas? 
 I know you spend a lot of time with Mom. 
 I can't believe how awesome the kids are, what they're planning for Mother's Day. 
 They're setting the bar pretty high for me. 
 She always likes shopping. 
 Well, shopping's pretty broad. Should I give her a gift card? 
 Maybe some nice jewelry, like a necklace or bracelet that's meaningful. 
 Something nice. She deserves it. 
 Yeah, no, I agree. 
 I like the idea of making it more sentimental. 
 It's important that Dad gets a good gift for Mom because he's gonna be the final act to complete the scavenger hunt, so he has to do a good job. 
 I'll try to get her something really nice. 
 ♪ 
 How's homework? 
 This is so much fun. 
 Are you kidding? 
 Yeah. 
 I wish I could do homework all the time. 
 Have you guys been working on Mom's gift? 
 You mean our spa? 
 Yeah. I think she'll like our gift more than your gift. 
 Yeah, we'll see about that one. 
 Mm-hmm. Mom's always a sucker for massages. 
 Yeah, you know that. 
 Yeah, but so... same with pictures, though, and memories. 
 Yeah, but she doesn't get a massage every day. 
 She makes memories every day. 
 Ooh, shots fired. [Mimics automatic gunfire] 
 You guys know how we were talking about how Mom, you know, feels about me? 
 Do you guys really feel like Mom treats me with special attention? 
 She does to an extent. 
 Ari : You, with your circumstances, definitely need, like, a little more, just, like, of her being around. 
 And, like, you're... 
 What are my circumstances? Me being transgender? 
 Yeah. I just think, like, she's by your side, 'cause that's basically, like, her duty. 
 You needed more attention when you were going through your transitional phase at a young age. 
 But we understand it. 
 When we were talking the other day, it made me feel like I'm special, so therefore I get more attention from her. 
 But now I know that it's not like that. 
 No. She loves us all equally for sure. 
 Yeah, it's not about attention. Mom shares her love. 
 Jazz is extra sensitive because she goes through a lot, and when it comes to this topic, she doesn't want to be seen as the favorite. 
 But it really doesn't upset us. 
 I've always wanted my boobs to be this big. 
 You don't want watermelons, believe me. 
 What I am now; What I shall become. 
 That's not even what you are now. 
 She knows that they're not gonna be that big, and she wouldn't be happy if they were that big. 
 But, yeah. 
 That's too far of a throw. 
 No, 'cause... one boob! 
 Oh! [Laughs] 
 Oh, my gosh! You actually threw it? 
 Yeah! You want to see? 
 [Grunts] Wait, don't throw it hard. 
 You have to catch it and squat. 
 Me too! Me too! 
 It could totally splat. 
 Me too! 
 Spot her. 
 Oh, my God. You guys are scaring me. 
 Oh! [Laughs] 
 I'm not cleaning it. 
 Here, watch. 
 I'm not. 
 You're cold. You're warmer. 
 [Gasps] 
 I am shocked how into it the kids are getting. 
 It's gonna start with a nice little foot massage from your favorite son. 
 [Baby voice] This little piggy went to the market. 
 
 
 
 Griffen : Are you guys almost ready? I'm almost done with the eggs. 
 She's gonna love this. 
 Let's do it. 
 I'm really excited for the Mother's Day adventures. 
 I think my mom is gonna love the scavenger hunt. 
 She's gonna feel like she's the only mom in the world. 
 Shh. Not so loud. 
 Happy Mother's Day! 
 Happy Mother's Day! 
 Oh, boy! Wow! 
 Happy Mother's Day, Mama. 
 Hey, Mom. 
 This is amazing. 
 Mother's Day is my favorite holiday, 'cause that is a day where my family has to cater to me. 
 Birthday is like that, too, but birthday represents getting older. 
 This doesn't mean I'm getting older. 
 It's just a day for me. 
 Do you know what this is? 
 No, I don't know what this is. 
 We planned a scavenger hunt for you. 
 Who's idea was that? 
 All of our idea. 
 We came up with this together. 
 "Clue number one. 
 "I hope you enjoy your delicious breakfast treat. 
 Come to the place where the cats poop and eat." 
 [Laughter] 
 Oh, this is so cute. A little heart thing. 
 I put that on there. 
 I put the poop. 
 [Laughter] 
 ♪ 
 How's the world's greatest mom doing today? 
 World's greatest mom! Yay, me! 
 I got breakfast in bed. 
 Oh, that's nice. And then I got this. 
 That's really cool. They're going all-out and doing something nice for you. 
 Did you give them this idea? Was it your idea? 
 No, it was not my idea. 
 No? 
 I will not take credit for their... 
 What have you gotten me? 
 You know my theory on this. You're not my mom. 
 [Laughs] 
 I might have a surprise for you later. 
 I'm the mother of your children. I birthed them. 
 I might have a surprise. We'll see. Only time will tell. 
 I don't like surprises. I want to know now. 
 Yeah, that's not gonna happen. 
 What'd you get me? 
 Let's... I'm not even gonna give you a clue. 
 Let's try to figure out what the kids did. 
 Okay. Can you help me find this, then? 
 I might be able to help you out a little bit. 
 I'm so glad the kids are invested in Mother's Day for Jeanette... she's... you know, there's a lot of great moms in the world, but she's just super awesome. 
 It's not in here. 
 You're cold. 
 I'm cold? 
 You're cold. You're cold. 
 You're warmer. 
 Da-da! 
 [Gasps] Ooh, whoo. 
 Look at that. This is so cute. 
 Soft. 
 "Visit the twins' spa." 
 This is amazing. I needed this so bad. 
 I cannot wait to see what the twins' spa is all about. 
 ♪ 
 This is a big cloth. 
 Make sure they're in good order. 
 We came up with the twins' spa just by thinking about what my Mom likes. 
 Massage pops right into our head like a light bulb. 
 Thank you, Albert Einstein. 
 Oh, my God. [Laughs] 
 Which one is it actually? 
 It's Thomas Edison. 
 Are you sure? 
 I'm sure. 
 I don't know about that. 
 There she is. 
 Oh, no way! 
 Welcome to the twins' spa. 
 I am shocked at, like, how into it the kids are getting. 
 Like, oh, my God, they're masseuses, and look at this, I have a table set up. 
 There's no way I'm getting a great massage, but they're so cute and funny. I love them. 
 Do you need help getting up, or...? 
 Yes, let's help her. 
 [Grunts] 
 [Laughing] 
 I just got a head rush. 
 Spin. Spin. 
 It's gonna start with a nice little foot massage from your favorite son. 
 [Baby voice] This little piggy went to the market. 
 Griffen! It's supposed to be professional. 
 [Laughs] 
 This is professional. 
 Mom, you're really tight. Why you so stressed out? 
 'Cause I have twin boys. 
 We need to make sure that every part that hurts, make it feel better, so after Mother's Day she feels as good as new. 
 She's just a newborn baby coming out of the belly... 
 Oh, my God. Shut up. 
 All good and nice. 
 That's a hard pressure. 
 Hey, Sander, stop hurting her. 
 Oh, my God. I'm gonna fight you. 
 I'm trying to relieve her of her stress caused by the girls. 
 [Laughs] 
 Oh, wait a minute. 
 Let's double time. 
 [Vocalizing] 
 Aaah, that is not what the masseuses do. 
 If the rest of the spa day goes like the massage... 
 [Laughs] I might not make it to next Mother's Day. 
 Oh, my God. 
 Now, close your eyes. 
 What are you doing to me? 
 [Laughs] 
 There you go. 
 This is not what they do at... 
 Ooh, that's cold. 
 Mom, sometimes I feel like you don't realize how thankful we are for you. 
 [Rapping] ♪ Thankful for you and everything that you do ♪ 
 ♪ Yeah, Mom, happy Mother's Day ♪ 
 Is he rapping? 
 ♪ Thankful for you and everything that you do ♪ 
♪ Word ♪ 
 I can see the love. 
 I feel the love. 
 We have one more thing for you. 
 Ooh. Says "clue two." 
 "After your twins' spa massage, all cares fade away. Now find the place where you used to take little Ari and Jazz to play." 
 Ooh. 
 What the heck? 
 I have no idea where I'm going with this. 
 You enjoy. 
 Hope you enjoyed. 
 Happy Mother's Day. 
 Love you guys. 
 Thank you. 
 We love you the most. 
 Love you the mostest. 
 [Chuckles] 
 [Sighs] 
 This is, like, kind of tingly. 
 It feels nice. 
 ♪ 
 Do you think Mom's gonna actually find the place? 
 I hope so. 
 Otherwise we'll be sitting here all day. 
 Look at this. 
 Oh, look. She found us. 
 Oh, my goodness! Come take a seat. 
 Little paradise. 
 We weren't sure if you were gonna find us or not. 
 Happy Mother's Day. 
 I wasn't gonna find you? 
 With two beauties like you resting in the sunshine? 
 How could I not find you? 
 I definitely needed some help from the twins to get there. 
 [Laughs] 
 I, uh... 
 I used to be good at things like "Trivial Pursuit" or whatever, but I guess this clue thing for scavenger hunting, I'm a big fail at. 
 We made you something. 
 Oh, you're kidding me. 
 No. 
 Oh, my goodness. 
 With some of our favorite pics of us. 
 And you have to read the back. 
 "Happy Mother's Day. 
 We made this for you so that you can remember how much we love you forever and ever. 
 Love Jazz and Ari." 
 This beautiful collage of pictures of all of us means the world to me. 
 I just... I know how much work they put into it, and they used my style, of the way I cut out pictures. 
 It's like, "oh, I taught them how to do this and they used it." 
 And they spent time, and it made me feel so good. 
 Remember all these pictures? 
 I remember. 
 That's the youth pride parade in New York City. 
 Jazz's fifth birthday party. 
 Oh, my gosh. 
 That one is Jazz's ninth birthday. 
 Ninth? How did she know that? 
 I just know. That's when you and I went to downtown Disney. 
 I am totally the most sentimental, nostalgic, sappy person, I cling onto the past. 
 I have to take pictures of everything. 
 And so it was perfect. Perfect gift for me. 
 Next pit stop. 
 I want to give it to her with you. 
 It's like "The Amazing Race." 
 I'm not going anywhere so fast. 
 We're hanging out here for a while. 
 No, this is your next clue, though. 
 "We know you are always driving everyone around. 
 Dress great and don't be late to the driveway where your ride will be found." 
 You guys are so creative. 
 Do you have any ideas? 
 No idea. [Laughs] 
 Look at this! Twins' limo service. 
 She really has no clue what's in store for her. 
 Oh, my God. 
 You're jealous that I look better than you. 
 We're a limo service. 
 It doesn't matter if you look good. 
 We better get a big tip for this one. 
 Oh, boy! Look at this. 
 Twins' limo service. 
 Oh, my God! 
 I'm just blown away. Like, how cute are these guys? 
 Look at them standing there. They're adorable. 
 And where are they taking me? 
 I hope you know where we're going. 
 I have no idea. Perfect. 
 [Laughs] 
 She really has no clue what's in store for her, and I can't wait to see the look on her face. 
 ♪ 
 Just keep your eyes closed. 
 I've got your back. 
 Don't go too fast. 
 All right, Mom. 
 Slow down. 
 I'm not gonna fall, am I? 
 Stop. 
 Now what do I do? 
 Open your eyes and look. 
 Oh, my God! Look at how pretty! 
 Look, Daddy! 
 We're at the beach, and it's perfect, because she's gonna have a nice meal with my Dad, and they're gonna be able to talk and enjoy themselves. 
 Oh, who do I get to hug first? 
 And your limo service is now over. 
 You two little pretty angels, standing there in white like two angels. 
 Look at my handsome groom waiting there. 
 I feel like I'm getting married. 
 I do, I do! 
 [Laughs] 
 Aww. 
 Happy Mother's Day. 
 Thank you. 
 So, what's happening here? 
 Here you go. Welcome. 
 If you need anything, let us know. 
 Mama looks beautiful... 
 Not only does she look beautiful, but she looks excited, too. 
 I mean, we're just really stepping up our game and giving her something amazing. 
 I mean, that time that we painted bricks for her that said "I love you, Mom," that was a pretty good year, and it was my idea, so, I don't know. 
 This one comes pretty close to painted bricks. 
 It's kind of neat that the kids are going all-out for you for Mother's Day, huh? 
 [Laughing] Do you know what they're doing? 
 [Laughs] 
 Bon appétit. 
 Bon appétit. 
 Thank you, young man. 
 Oui, oui? Oui, oui? 
 Oui, oui. 
 Bon appétit. 
 Thank you. 
 Thanks, guys. 
 Hey, they look like I did when I was 17, with my mustache. 
 I had a flashback. 
 I love moments like this, when the kids all rally together and, you know, we just enjoy each other and our moment and our family, and really give Jeanette the kudos that she deserves. 
 This is the end of our beautiful Mother's Day special. 
 We hope you enjoyed. 
 Mom, now look under your chair. 
 There's another clue. 
 You're lying. 
 We're just kidding. 
 This is the final place, but it's not the final place in our life. 
 We'll always be together. I love you, Mom. 
 I love you. 
 Oh, I love you so much. 
 My mom has definitely been there for me along all of the ups and downs that I go through. 
 I mean, my life is a roller-coaster ride, and she's always there for me. 
 She's like my best friend. 
 Look at how beautiful they are. 
 I just look at them and go, "how did I get so lucky?" 
 Cute kids. 
 I wanted to do something for you, as well, so, I wanted to get you something, 'cause I wanted to show our appreciation for such the great mother that you are. 
 This is for you. 
 Thank you. 
 It's a little box. 
 [Gasps] 
 Aww, it's a charm bracelet. 
 Look at that. 
 This is Ari, the musical note. 
 And then this is Griffen, soccer ball. 
 This is my little fish, mermaid Jazz. 
 And then this is Sander, the football. 
 Honestly, I am taken aback. 
 It made me feel like the luckiest woman and/mother and/wife on the face of the planet. 
 There was nobody at that moment that was getting it as good as I was. 
 I love you. Thank you so much. 
 Love you. 
 I love you, too. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 