Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - Chapter Twenty Two: Silent Night, Deadly Night - Riverdale 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - Chapter Twenty Two: Silent Night, Deadly Night https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=819&t=31603 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/25/18 08:47 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - Chapter Twenty Two: Silent Night, Deadly Night 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Riverdale... 
 [GUNSHOT] 
 [BETTY]  He calls himself the Black Hood. 
 [MAN]  It's like the angel of death had come to Riverdale. 
 [GUNSHOT] 
 A family of four was murdered. 
 [GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE] 
 [VERONICA]  There was a third child. 
 Do you know who killed your family? 
 A preacher, passing through town. 
 A group of men killed him. 
 Justice had been served. 
 [CELL DOOR CLOSES] 
 I know all about the Snake Charmer. 
 If you cross the stink, I will make sure that video goes straight to the Sheriff's office. 
 I love you, Ronnie. 
 Archie, whatever deep-seated issues I have, I can't let myself go there with you. 
 How many times are we gonna push each other away? 
 [CHRISTMAS CAROL PLAYING] 
 [JUGHEAD]  Used to be, in ye olden days,   every December, a Lord of Misrule   presided over the winter holidays,   called back then, the Feast of Fools. 
 [ARCHIE] What do you say, Pop? Is it okay? 
 [POP] The best tree yet. 
 Thanks, Archie, thanks, Fred. 
 Oh, no. Thank you, Pop,  for letting us set up shop  right in front of your diner. 
 You guys gonna stay in town for break? 
 Yeah. We were gonna visit my mom, but she booked a single's cruise so... 
 How are you and Veronica? 
 We've been better. 
 If it's any consolation, Betty and I aren't in the greatest of places, either. 
 Jughead, you want a Christmas tree, you and your dad? 
 On the house. 
 It'll have to be a small one, Mr. A. 
 So, I'll see you at Kevin's Secret Santa thing? 
 Yeah. Because that sounds like a great idea. 
 [BOTH CHUCKLE] 
 [JUGHEAD]  So Christmas was happening,   even though this year's Lord of Misrule   was none other than the Black Hood. 
 [WHISPERS] Betty. 
 - Wake up, it's time. 
 - Polly. 
 - He's here, he's waiting for us. 
 - What? Who? 
 You know who. Come on. 
 ["O HOLY NIGHT" PLAYING] 
 [ALICE] Merry Christmas. 
 [HAL] Hey, Merry Christmas. 
 - Betty. 
 - Betty, Merry Christmas. 
 - [ALICE] Okay. 
 - [HAL] All right, honey, I told you like... 
 Santa? 
 [DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING] 
 [PANTING HEAVILY] 
 [PANTING] 
 [CHRISTMAS CAROL PLAYING] 
 - Where's Jason's stocking? 
 - I couldn't find it. 
 And anyway, there's nothing to put in it. 
 And what, pray tell, is this? 
 It's going to be a Hard Candy Christmas this year, Cheryl. 
 Time to face facts. We have no money. 
 Dad, what is that? A letter from the Black Hood? 
 No, it's worse. 
 Riverdale General. My hospital bill. 
 How much is it for? 
 - Eighty-six thousand. 
 - What, dollars? 
 That can't be right, can it? 
 Or doesn't your insurance... 
 They probably made a mistake. 
 I'll call them tomorrow. 
 Kevin's Secret Santa had a strict $   limit, V. 
 Kevin needs to relax. 
 Also, these aren't just for Secret Santa, obvi. 
 I got an Hermes scarf for my mom, a leather passport case for my dad, now that he can travel again, and a little something for my best girl. 
 And a bauble for Archie. 
 Because you're getting back together? 
 Because it was purchased pre-breakup. 
 And haven't you heard? 
 We're still friends. 
 Oh, yeah. 
 Isn't everyone? 
 I was thinking about our Penny problem. 
 My problem, not ours. 
 Well, I am the one she has on camera delivering drugs. 
 How I deal with Peabody is not your concern. 
 I'm handling it. 
 By pimping the Serpents out as drug runners? 
 Boy! 
 Toss them in the corner. 
 Hey, what's in the bags, Tall Boy? 
 Hey, what did I just say? 
 Mind your damn business and get to school. 
 Veronica, it's your turn. 
 [VERONICA] Hmm. 
 Oh. A gift certificate for a couples' massage. 
 Thanks, Josie. 
 You can go with Betty, or your mom... 
 Or I can go with your mom, if you want. 
 [CHERYL] Oh, dear God, can we please get this torture over with? 
 Betty, you're next and mercifully last. 
 Well, I think I know who picked my name based on these wrapping skills. 
 Archie... 
 [ARCHIE] My dad and I were cleaning out the garage and I found it. 
 [BETTY CHUCKLES] 
 [VERONICA]  Swiss Family Robinson? 
 Yeah, It's this old read-a-long record we used to listen to when we were, like, five. 
 Oh, my God. 
 I love it, Arch. Thank you. 
 Hey, Merry Christmas. 
 - [REGGIE] Moose. 
 - Hi. 
 [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
 [BETTY] Why are you rushing off? 
 Look, Betty,  I don't wanna be that guy,  but I see Moose,  all I think about is the Black Hood  and the pain he's caused  to the people I care about,  including you. 
 I know. 
 And the fact that he's still out there is giving me anxiety nightmares, making me paranoid. 
 Like, everywhere I look, all I see is... 
 What? 
 All you see is what? 
 Excuse me. Who are you? 
 You mean, my name? 
 Uh, where's Mr. Svenson? 
 No idea. He's been out a few days, they just called me in. 
 Arch, you and Veronica confronted Mr. Svenson about his connection to the Black Hood. 
 And now he's not here. 
 What if something happened to him? 
 Betty, we found out Mr. Svenson's secret... 
 What if we led the Black Hood right to him? 
 What if we got him killed? 
 [DORIS] Mr. Svenson? 
 He's been out all week with a cold. 
 Sounded terrible on the phone. 
 So, I dropped off some chicken soup at his house a few days back. 
 You saw him? 
 I left it at his door. 
 But between us, he often gets this way during the holidays. 
 You know, depressed. 
 No family. 
 Thank you. 
 [SCHOOL BELL RINGING] 
 Hey. 
 I... stayed behind because Merry Christmas. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm kinda sorry  for how it all went down between us.  The Serpents, my dad and I  specifically are in a precarious place. 
 I... 
 I just don't want you in those crosshairs. 
 That's not your decision to make, Jughead. 
 Even if you think it's to protect me, it's my choice, what I risk and for whom. 
 I know. 
 I should go. Check on my dad. 
 Jug. 
 I got you something, too. 
 [GRUNTS] 
 [SCHOOL BELL RINGING] 
 Archie. 
 I got you a little something. 
 Thanks. 
 - I didn't realize... 
 - Oh, no, no. 
 It's all good. Just open it. 
 - Ronnie, this is... 
 - Turn it over. 
 I got it before... 
 I don't want things to be forced between us. 
 - [SIGHS] 
 - What? 
 No. Did I... Did I make it worse? 
 I just, I wanted you to know that I still care about... 
 No, you didn't. 
 Things at home aren't great right now. 
 It's my dad. 
 Anything I can do to help? 
 Come on. 
 We're still friends. 
 He just, he got his hospital bill and he owes $  ,   , Ronnie, and it's like we are  selling Christmas trees,  just for extra money so we  can keep our heads above water. 
 Oh, my God, Archie. 
 I want to help. 
 - I want to hug you. 
 - That's okay. 
 I shouldn't have said anything. 
 The watch is great, Ronnie. Thank you. 
 [VERONICA] Yeah. 
 [JUGHEAD]  What is all this? 
 It's a Serpent tradition. 
 Every year, we give back to the Southside. 
 Toys for Tots. Meals on Wheels, kids and old folks living alone. 
 The Hells Angels do it. 
 I'm always down for charitable works. 
 Hey, have you seen my dad? 
 [FP] Why aren't you in school? 
 It's a half-day before break. 
 Well, in that case, you can hold down the fort here, Jug. 
 Or I could come with you guys. 
 Nice try. The answer's no. 
 We do need another set of hands, boss. 
 There you go. 
 Let me pull my weight. 
 Dad... 
 I don't know what the Snake Charmer has you doing... 
 Sweet Pea, you're with us. 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 Hey, Betty, what's up? 
 Hey, I can't let this Svenson thing go. 
 I think we should stop by his house and check up on him. 
 [ARCHIE]  Yeah, I agree. 
 Let me just tell my dad and we'll go. 
 -  Give me ten. 
 - All right. 
 Teen Paul Bunyan, I'd like to purchase your finest tree. 
 Actually, Cheryl, I was  just about to take a break,  but Vic here can help you. Vic. 
 What can I get you, miss? 
 We've got some nice spruces. 
 [BETTY] Well, there's the chicken soup. 
 [KNOCKING AT DOOR] 
 Mr. Svenson? 
 Can I help you? 
 Jughead Jones? 
 Maybe. 
 I'm Jack Walsh, your dad's parole officer. 
 He's not home. 
 Doesn't need to be. 
 Do you mind if I come in for a moment? 
 Like I have a choice. 
 Hiram. Was that a Spiffany's bag I saw coming through the lobby earlier today? 
 It looked about the right size for a  Glamerge  egg. 
 That depends,  mi amore.  Have you been naughty or nice this year? 
 [GIGGLES] 
 Don't worry,  mi hija. 
 Santa has your list, too. 
 And please, don't go snooping for the gifts this year. He hates that. 
 Santa can rip up my list for all I care. 
 I mean, look at us, throwing money away on bejeweled eggs like we're a family of Russian oligarchs when there are people in this town  who can't even pay their  own medical bills. 
 And since when are you a communist? 
 Since Archie told me that he and his dad are drowning in Fred's medical bills. 
 To the tune of $  ,   . 
 Which is why I was thinking... 
 - Absolutely not. 
 - Sweetheart, that's a lot of money. 
 The Lodge Charitable Trust has made its donations for the fiscal year. 
 Fred Andrews will have to tighten his belt. 
 Said Ebenezer Scrooge. 
 Fred's selling Christmas trees for extra cash, Dad. 
 I mean, that's the kind of man, the kind of father he is. 
 You know, 
 I believe I've some work to finish in my study. 
 [PLATE CLATTERS] 
 [HUMMING "FA LA LA LA"] 
 Cheryl Marjorie Blossom, what have you done? 
 Isn't it obvious, Mother? 
 I've saved Christmas. 
 Look how happy Nana Rose is. 
 You spoiled, wretched little brat, how do you expect to pay for all this? 
 Oh. 
 I was thinking maybe you could go to Mr. Lodge for a job? 
 Of course, he'd probably ask what skills you have, and you'd be forced to admit  that the only skill you have  is being a terrible mother. 
 So, I guess you're going to have to get creative in the New Year. 
 [SIGHS IN EXASPERATION] 
 [NANA ROSE] You should've drowned them at birth, like a basket of kittens. 
 [OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING] 
 [FAINT RUSTLING] 
 Mom? 
 Dad? 
 Hey. 
 Hey. 
 How are you? 
 I'm fine. I just iced  some gingerbread cookies,  Polly's favorite, just in case  there's a Christmas  miracle and she comes home. 
 Oh, by the way, there was a gift for you on the steps. 
 Your Secret Santa. 
 I took it up to your room. 
 Secret Santa? 
 [GASPS] 
 "Enclosed is a finger that belongs to the sinner Joseph Conway..." 
 He's talking about Mr. Svenson. 
 "You have one final trespass to unearth. 
 Find the truth, reveal it to the town, and you will perhaps save his life." 
 He kidnapped Mr. Svenson, Arch, and now he's mutilating him. 
 [CELL PHONE VIBRATING] 
 Arch, Arch. Hey. 
 [MAN PANTING ON PHONE]  Betty, please. 
 Mr. Svenson? Is that you? 
 [BLACK HOOD]  It is, Betty, but his name is Joseph Conway. 
 He's lost a lot of blood. 
 Though it's nothing compared to the blood on the hands of this town. 
 Exhume the past. 
 Find where the primal sin was committed   and you'll find the sinner Conway, maybe alive. 
 And, as always, don't... 
 What, you maniac? Don't tell Sheriff Keller? 
 [LINE DISCONNECTS] 
 Archie, what sin? 
 What could Mr. Svenson possibly be guilty of? 
 Veronica and I talked to him. 
 Betty, his entire family was murdered by some crazy preacher. 
 Well, maybe the people who adopted him know something that we don't. 
 Wait, wait, Betty. 
 Before he was adopted, Mr. Svenson lived as Joseph Conway at the Sisters of Quiet Mercy. 
 Would they talk to us? 
 [SCOFFS] They better. 
 ["HERE COMES SANTA CLAUS" PLAYING ON STEREO] 
 ♪ Right down Santa Claus lane ♪ 
 ♪ He's got a bag That's filled with toys ♪ 
 ♪ For the boys And girls again ♪ 
 ♪ Hear those sleigh bells Jingle jangle ♪ 
 ♪ What a beautiful sight ♪ 
 ♪ Jump in bed And cover up your head ♪ 
 ♪ Because Santa Claus Comes tonight ♪ 
 ♪ Here comes Santa Claus ♪ 
 ♪ Here comes Santa Claus ♪ 
 ♪ Right down Santa Claus lane ♪ 
 ♪ He doesn't care If you're a rich or poor boy ♪ 
 ♪ He loves you just the same ♪ 
 ♪ Santa knows that We're God's children ♪ 
 ♪ That makes everything right ♪ 
 Merry Christmas, Mom. 
 ♪ Fill your hears With Christmas cheer ♪ 
 ♪ Cause Santa Claus Comes tonight ♪ 
 Pop's? 
 [DOOR OPENS] 
 Did you open them? 
 No, Dad. Out of respect for you. 
 But your parole officer, Mr. Walsh, he sure was curious. 
 - Walsh was here? 
 - Yeah. 
 Don't worry, I got rid of him. 
 But he already has heard that the Serpents are moving into narcos territory. 
 Ta-da. 
 Gift boxes. 
 - With drugs in them? 
 - No, with gifts in them. 
 For you, your mom, and Jellybean. 
 Christmas day, I thought we'd take a ride to Toledo and deliver them in person. 
 Dad, this isn't going to work. 
 Today, it's gifts. 
 Tomorrow, it's drugs or weapons or God knows what. 
 And how long this is going to go on for? 
 As long as Penny wants. 
 And if her favors keep getting bigger which you know that they will, what happens when she asks for more Serpents in on this? 
 [SHOUTS] Then I'll bring more Serpents! 
 You know what? 
 You are right. This isn't going to work. 
 You and I living together, so maybe you can go back to Fred's or to Betty's. 
 Betty? I split with Betty... 
 Well then, what do you want me to say? 
 I just want you to let me help fix this mess that I made. 
 Get this through your thick skull, Jughead. 
 We are trapped. 
 We've got no leverage. 
 If that means I gotta be Penny's dancing monkey for the time being, then that's how it goes. 
 Let me get some rest. 
 I have a long night ahead of me. 
 Yes, hello. 
 I'm calling to settle an account for one of your patients, Fred Andrews. 
 Of course. I'm his business partner. 
 Uh-huh. 
 I'd like to pay the bill in full and keep it anonymous, an angel donation. 
 Yes, I'm aware of the amount. 
 My name? 
 Hermione Apollonia Lodge. 
 And it's a Black American Excess card. 
 Number  - - - - - - ... 
 Penny Peabody has got my dad dealing drugs. 
 I know this, 'cause she had me doing it before him. 
 Now, she's roped in Tall Boy and Sweet Pea. 
 Man, if you're pissed because your old man tapped me instead of you... 
 No, Sweet Pea. 
 I'm pissed because I don't want the Serpents to end up like the Ghoulies. 
 And I doubt that any of you became Serpent  just to be at the beck and  call of a drug queen pin. 
 I know where this ends. 
 Death. Jail. 
 Which is why in the interest of self-preservation, we have to take out Penny. 
 Snake Charmer's helped some of us. 
 Oh, yeah? 
 And what did she ask for in return, Sweet Pea, huh? 
 How many favors? 
 Now, if we don't stop Penny tonight,  she is going to get every single  one of us in on this. I promise you. 
 I promise you, Sweet Pea. 
 What I am asking is, are you willing to risk your necks to save my dad's life? 
 What is the first law? 
 No Serpent stands alone. 
 I'm in. 
 Me, too. 
 Let's do this. 
 Joseph Conway. 
 Joseph Svenson, as you know him, was a troubled youth. 
 There was no saving him. 
 Meaning he was a sinner? 
 No, he was a child, a victim. 
 Did he suffer from survivor's guilt? 
 I've already said too much. 
 - [BETTY] No. 
 - [ARCHIE] Betty. 
 Sister Woodhouse,  when my sister escaped this dungeon,  she told me all about  the corporeal punishment. 
 So please, help us with this  or I'll expose the  Sisters of Quiet Mercy  for the house of horrors  that it really is. 
 [SIGHS] 
 After his family was massacred,  young Conway, young Svenson,  identified the man responsible. 
 Then, a small group  of Riverdale's citizens  took matters into their own hands  and, well, executed him. 
 It was only later when he was with us,  that Joseph admitted that  in his terror and shock,  he may have pointed a  finger of accusation... 
 At the wrong man? 
 [BETTY] Oh, my God. 
 Svenson's sin was sentencing the wrong man to death. 
 Did Svenson, did Conway  ever talk about who  carried out the execution? 
 They came here once, to see Joseph. 
 It was a group of men and one woman. 
 I don't know their names  and I can't remember  what they look like. 
 Just that the woman had  the most striking hair,  white, save for a cherry-red stripe. 
 [BETTY] Nana Rose Blossom? 
 [KNOCKING ON DOOR] 
 [GRUNTS] 
 FP? 
 Well, you're early, Old Hoss. 
 Penny. 
 Ho-merry-ho. 
 [SIGHS] Jughead Jones. 
 Nice crowbar. 
 This? Yeah, I brought it in case I needed to pry the door open. 
 [CROWBAR CLATTERS] 
 Well, are you gonna give me hand with this stuff? 
 Your dad will be here in like what,   ,    minutes. 
 He probably won't be too happy to see you, huh? 
 [JUGHEAD] I wouldn't worry about that. 
 Neither of us are going to be here. 
 [PENNY SIGHS] 
 Is this suppose to scare me? 
 I would not do this if I were you. 
 You are making a big mistake. 
 You are making a... [MUFFLED SPEECH] 
 Hey, guys. 
 Finishing up some last minute shopping? 
 We were, but then we got the most  fascinating call from our bank,  confirming a charge that  was made to my credit card  in the amount of $  ,   . 
 Oh, so that went through. 
 Great. 
 Yeah, I decided that you would cover Fred's medical expenses. 
 I mean, if you can afford to buy Pop's, and then lie to my face about it. 
 So, how is it that we can now suddenly afford an entire diner? 
 You wanted a more active  role in Lodge Industries  and we let you have it. 
 Then you break into my office  and try to use whatever  you find as leverage? 
 Now, I admit, there's  a lot you don't know  and that's on purpose. 
 How can I be part of this family if you keep hiding things from me? 
 Mija,  you think you want to know everything, but you don't. 
 My name is on all of those  documents in your desk, Daddy,  doesn't that mean I  have the right to know? 
 Yes. Yes, it does, Veronica. 
 But that means the time for being Daddy's little girl is over. 
 It's time to work now, all of us, in lockstep. 
 She deserves to know the truth, Hiram. 
 All right. 
 All right. 
 Follow me into the study. 
 [PANTING] 
 Where am I? 
 You're in Greendale. 
 Your new home. 
 But frankly, Penny, I don't care where you set up shop. 
 But it's not gonna be in Riverdale and it's not going to be with Serpents. 
 You want to deal drugs,  you want to extort people,  that's your business. 
 But not on the Southside. 
 That belongs to us. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 You stupid, cocky kid. 
 Serpent law says you can't hurt one of your own. 
 Oh, Penny, it's time you learned. 
 Grab her. 
 What are you doing? 
 Get off of me. 
 Get off of me! 
 That tattoo doesn't make you a Serpent. 
 [PENNY SCREAMING INDISTINCTLY] 
 
 
 
 [WHIMPERS] No! 
 Cheryl, we need to see your grandmother. 
 Nana Rose seldom has visitors. She'll be pleased. 
 Entree. 
 [BETTY] Nana Rose, we have some questions for you about something that happened in Riverdale a long time ago. 
 A man killed this family and a group of people decided to take justice into their own hands. 
 Oh, dear. 
 Here in Riverdale? 
 Yes. 
 And you were a part of that group, weren't you? 
 What is this, a Christmas inquest? 
 Cheryl, a man's life is at stake. 
 [BETTY] Were you with this group when they... 
 When you killed this man for revenge? 
 Oh, no. 
 No girls allowed. 
 They told me to stay at home while they took care of the bad man. 
 Nana Rose, this is so important. 
 Where did they hang the bad man? 
 Oh, they didn't hang him. 
 Oh, no. They gave him a proper burial. 
 Buried him alive. 
 [ARCHIE] Where? 
 Where did they do that? 
 Ask your grandfather, Polly dear, he was there. 
 My, my grandfather? 
 I had a picture of them, smiling at the place. 
 Standing under the Devil's Hand. 
 Picture? What picture? 
 Cheryl. 
 I wonder if you might take me to my room. 
 I suddenly feel quite ill. 
 [CHERYL] Satisfied, you vultures? 
 Your reindeer games are over. 
 Now get the hell out. 
 Archie, my grandfather helped murder an innocent man. 
 Betty, who even knows if what she was saying is true. 
 That picture Nana Rose mentioned,  when Grandpa Louis died,  we packed up his house  and we donated most of his  stuff but he had pictures,  and we kept them and we organized them. 
 Okay, Betty, take a breath, where are they? Where are the pictures? 
 My house. They are at my house. 
 - That's great. 
 - Archie, my grandfather killed a man in cold blood, an innocent man. 
 What if that's why he picked me, the Black Hood? 
 That's why he has been calling me. 
 - Revenge for something I didn't even do... 
 - Betty, listen to me. 
 This is the part where we end this. 
 Where we save Mr. Svenson and stop the Black Hood tonight. 
 But I need you with me. 
 I can't do this alone. 
 Tomorrow, we're gonna wake up, and everything is gonna go back to how it was, but right now, I need you with me. 
 - I need Betty Cooper. 
 - Archie. 
 Betty. 
 We have to hurry. 
 [ENGINE STARTS] 
 [HERMIONE] Well, Veronica, now you know. 
 You know everyveing. 
 So,  mija , what do you think? 
 I'm in. 
 But I have ground rules. 
 Well, one ground rule. 
 By all means. 
 I refuse to do anything illegal. 
 Well, that's fine, especially since we're not doing anything illegal either. 
 Let me share two words to live by. 
 "Plausible deniability." 
 Also, that charge I made for Fred's medical bills? 
 I want that to stick. 
 Mija,  it's gonna complicate matters, Fred's a proud man. 
 - He's not... 
 - We'll smooth that over, though. 
 And the truth is, we'll need Fred for what comes next. 
 [HIRAM] Fine. 
 Assuming the Fred situation can be finessed, do we have a deal? 
 We do, Daddykins. 
 We have a deal. 
 [JUGHEAD]  Hey, Dad. 
 [FP]  What's all this? 
 This is a celebratory dinner. 
 Penny didn't show up for your pick up, did she? 
 No. 
 No, she didn't. Why? Do you know something about that? 
 She's gone, Dad. 
 I rallied the younger Serpents, we drove her out of Riverdale. 
 And I got my pound of flesh in the process. 
 Are you nuts? She will be back, you better believe that. 
 She won't! 
 I was very persuasive. 
 And even if she does, we will take care of it. 
 You and me, and the other Serpents. 
 - In unity, there's strength. 
 - Oh, God. 
 That's the sixth law. 
 While you were in jail, I recited that every day, I lived by that. 
 You want to take my jacket? 
 You want to relegate me to Toys for Tots, fine. 
 But I am still a Serpent, Dad, and this, this life that you wanted to protect me from, I'm proud of this. 
 I'm proud of who I am. 
 You can't take that away from me. 
 [BETTY] Nana Rose said it was a group of men. 
 I mean, there was one photo that I kind of remember. 
 Dad said it was taken after Grandpa Louis and some of his friends had planted some trees in Pickens Park. 
 Wait. 
 Is this it? 
 Betty, look at the ground. 
 That's where they buried the preacher. 
 Where Svenson could be maybe still alive. 
 Yeah, look at the branches. 
 The Devil's Hand. 
 That tree's in Pickens Park. 
 We'll call Sheriff Keller on the way. Come on. 
 [BETTY] Look around. There. 
 [BETTY PANTING] 
 Yeah. 
 [ARCHIE PANTING] 
 Oh, my God! Archie. 
 [BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY] 
 Where is Mr. Svenson? 
 Why would the Black Hood bury an empty coffin? 
 - What if it's a... 
 - [GUN COCKING] 
 Get in the coffin. 
 No. No way. 
 Get in the coffin or I shoot her in the head. 
 Right now! 
 Shut the coffin and step out of the grave. 
 Betty, do it. 
 [CRYING] 
 I'm sorry. 
 Pick up the shovel. 
 Fill in the grave. 
 [WHIMPERS] Please don't. 
 [ARCHIE PANTING] 
 We know what Mr. Svenson's sin is. 
 What he did. [GRUNTS] 
 That's the town's secret sin. 
 That's what you want revealed, right? 
 We can do that. I can do that. 
 Mr. Svenson, wherever he is, he doesn't have to die. 
 - Archie doesn't have to... 
 - [POLICE SIRENS BLARING AT DISTANCE] 
 [GRUNTS] 
 Archie. 
 Where is he? Where did he go? 
 This way. 
 [PANTING] 
 [ARCHIE] Hey! 
 Stop! 
 Stop! 
 Right the hell now! 
 Get down or I'll shoot you. 
 I swear to God, I'll do it! 
 You tried to kill my father and my friends. 
 You are going to pay for your crimes. 
 You are not escaping. 
 This ends tonight. 
 I said stop! 
 [GUNSHOT] 
 [SHERIFF KELLER] 
 Archie, put the gun down. 
 - It's okay. 
 - Sheriff Keller. 
 Stay back, Betty. 
 He's dead. 
 Who is he? 
 The town demanded blood for blood. 
 [SIRENS WAILING] 
 Give me the gun. 
 ["SILENT NIGHT" PLAYING] 
 [ARCHIE] Your instinct about Svenson was right, Ronnie. 
 You thought he was the Black Hood. 
 We could have ended it, right there at school where we confronted him. 
 I didn't see it. I didn't, I didn't see it in his eyes. 
 Forget his eyes. 
 I can't believe he cut off his own finger. 
 The finger of accusation. 
 So we know whodunit. 
 Why did he do it? 
 Mr. Svenson accused an innocent man of murdering his family and got the man killed. 
 So maybe, in some backwards way, he thought targeting sinners would balance the scales somehow. 
 I don't know. 
 No, no, it makes sense. 
 I mean, Svenson was always around, lurking in the hallways. 
 He could have seen me and Ms. Grundy in the music room. 
 Yeah, he could have seen Moose and Midge buying jingle-jangle. 
 Guys, this is starting to feel like that weird last scene in  Psycho. 
 The truth is... 
 I have nothing actually. 
 Except that he's in a body bag and we aren't. 
 I think that's enough for tonight. 
 ♪ God rest ye merry gentlemen ♪ 
 ♪ Let nothing you dismay ♪ 
 ♪ Remember Christ our Savior ♪ 
 ♪ Was born on Christmas Day ♪ 
 Mother. Nana. 
 Is it time to open presents? 
 Santa? 
 ♪ Oh, tidings of Comfort and joy ♪ 
 [GASPS] 
 Who's this one from? 
 Archie. 
 He dropped it off yesterday. 
 [FP] Let me guess that's from Betty. 
 [JUGHEAD] Vintage Underwood. 
 It's the typewriter of champions. 
 You maybe, uh, want to swing by later? 
 Say thanks in person. 
 Oh, I'll just probably call her or text her. 
 ♪ Now to the Lord Sing praises ♪ 
 ♪ Of you within this place ♪ 
 ♪ And with true love And brotherhood ♪ 
 ♪ Each other now embrace ♪ 
 [ARCHIE]  Wow, that sounds amazing, Mom. 
 Yeah, it's been, it's been quiet. 
 You, too. I love you, too, Mom. 
 All right, here's Dad. 
 [TEXT MESSAGE CHIMES] 
 Hey, there. 
 Merry Christmas, lady. 
 How are the Bahamas? 
 Hmm. 
 Hey. 
 Merry Christmas. 
 Look up. 
 Mistletoe alert. 
 Hung by  moi. 
 Now we have no choice but to kiss. 
 Archie. 
 You are so good. 
 It's like you are filled with it, and I know that I need goodness in my life. 
 I need you in my life. 
 In other words, I love you, too, Archie Andrews. 
 [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING] 
 [JUGHEAD]  And so, another mystery was wrapped up   in a neat, tidy bow,   just in time for Christmas. 
 Throughout the Black Hood's reign of terror,   Betty had stared into the blackest of voids. 
 The place where Joseph Conway's soul had once, perhaps existed. 
 And in that void, she'd seen a dark reflection,   a truth that could not be burned away. 
 A truth that whispered to her,   "This isn't over." 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 