Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x12 - Chapter Twenty-Five: The Wicked and the Divine - Riverdale 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x12 - Chapter Twenty-Five: The Wicked and the Divine https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=819&t=31606 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/25/18 08:49 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x12 - Chapter Twenty-Five: The Wicked and the Divine 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [VERONICA]  Previously on  Riverdale... 
 How many times are we gonna push each other away? 
 [BETTY]  I know about the webcam-ing. 
 Can you show me how to do that? 
 Serpent law says you can't hurt one of your own. 
 No! No! 
 How did the Uktena evolve into the Serpents? 
 We didn't evolve, we were all slaughtered by General Pickens. 
 You interviewed my grandfather for a history report, not some half-assed newspaper article. 
 I think we can all be proud to live in a Riverdale  where young people stand up for justice. 
 Let me tell you something about Veronica's parents  and the way they do business. 
 Isn't this something the Serpents would do? 
 [HIRAM]  As long as you're dating Veronica,   I'm going to demand the best from you. 
 How would you like to start your business tutelage under my shepherding? 
 [JUGHEAD]  It's a classic trope of mob movies. 
 Rich, high-rolling gangster takes small town kid 
 under his wing. 
 - Here you go, Archie. 
 - Thanks, Pop. 
 [JUGHEAD]  Small town kid   is ushered into an intoxicating   but dangerous life of crime. 
 [HIRAM INTO PHONE]  No, Poppa, you don't need to travel   with your own chef,  we have excellent poutine right here in Riverdale. 
 Because I've tasted it and it's superb. 
 Hey, run this to your dad's trailer? 
 And then pick up some loafers I had resoled at the Shoe Doctor on Main. 
 Happy to, Mr. Lodge. 
 - There he is. 
 - Sorry, Dad. 
 Sorry, guys. Mr. Lodge has me running all over town. 
 Stick around. I've got the truck. 
 I'll give you a ride home. 
 I'm done here in    minutes. 
 I've got my bike. 
 And I still gotta pick up his shoes, but I'll see you. 
 Ronnie... 
 [VERONICA] That hem's high enough, Terry. 
 It's a confirmation, not a sock-hop. 
 [VERONICA]  Usually, it happens when you're    or   ,  but my parents wanted the same monsignor who baptized me. 
 Monsignor Murphy, he's a friend of the family, to confirm me, as well. 
 Wow, so this is a big deal, then? 
 It is. Especially to my mom and dad. 
 And, well, my whole family. 
 A lot of them are coming in for it. 
 So, do you have to... memorize stuff? 
 During the ceremony, Monsignor will ask me to renounce Satan, which, of course I will. 
 But otherwise, you mostly do things in advance. 
 Like picking a sponsor. I asked my  abuelita. 
 And performing charitable works. 
 I'm volunteering at a soup kitchen, if you'd care to join me. 
 [HIRAM] There she is. 
 Let me take a look at you 
 [HIRAM GASPS] 
 My beautiful daughter, confirmed in front of my family... Our family. 
 Oh,  mija,  you've made me the happiest and the proudest father alive. 
 [CLEARS THROAT] What do you think, Archie? 
 Isn't she a miracle? 
 She is. 
 She definitely is. 
 [KNOCKING AT DOOR] 
 Sheriff Keller, what a surprise. 
 Jughead. FP. 
 Sorry to bother you. It's... 
 We don't have General Pickens' head, and we do not know who stole it. 
 Same as the last four times you came by to ask us and our neighbors. 
 [JUGHEAD] You know, Sheriff, these visits are starting to feel a lot like harassment. 
 There's absolutely no evidence. 
 Zero proof whatsoever pointing to any particular group of suspects. 
 Well, you did write a rather scathing article about the General's legacy, which prompted the Southside Serpents to stop by at Pickens' Day with an ax to grind. 
 I'm actually writing a new article about how you seem to care more about catching a vandal than the Black Hood. 
 Can I get a quote? 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 [MAN ON CAM]  Do I look good? 
 - [BETTY] Mmm-hmm. 
 - Can I undress for you? 
 [BETTY] Yeah. 
 I love talking to you. 
 [BETTY] I like talking to you too. 
 - Can we meet sometime? 
 - [BETTY] Maybe. 
 [DOORKNOB TURNS] 
 [ALICE] Betty? 
 What's going on in there? 
 Why is the door locked? 
 You know how I feel about locked doors. 
 Yeah, you're the one who likes to do the locking. 
 I heard voices. Who were you talking to? 
 Jughead. He had some questions about homework. 
 Now can I finish getting dressed, please? 
 Well, I... 
 [BELL RINGS] 
 [VERONICA] I already invited Archie, but I want you guys to be there, as well. 
 Usually these kinds of events, baptisms, confirmations are family-only, but since it's all about me and you guys are my chosen family, I pulled a few strings and reserved you a pew. 
 What is the dress code? 
 Catholic chic. So, dresses for the girls, veils optional. 
 And coats and ties for the boys. 
 [WEATHERBEE ON PA]  Jughead Jones and Betty Cooper,   please report to the principal's office. 
 Jughead Jones and Betty Cooper to the principal's office. 
 [WEATHERBEE]  Since your article   attacking General Pickens  among others has come out, it's been a steady stream of outrage. 
 Most recently, Hiram Lodge's lawyer, a Mr. Sowerberry has called saying his client's considering legal action against the  Blue and Gold. 
 On what grounds? 
 Defamation of character, Mr. Jones. 
 Effective immediately, you are both suspended from the newspaper's staff. 
 You have the day to clean out your personal things. 
 [JUGHEAD]  I'm so sorry, Betty. 
 I don't care if they harass me at home or school, but you... 
 You don't deserve this heat. 
 Who's harassing you at home? 
 Sheriff Keller. He has no proof, but he suspects one or more of the Serpents, probably me, decapitated the statue of General Pickens. 
 And dd you? 
 Betty, how... 
 Why would I decapitate a bronze statue? 
 Maybe the same reason you wrote that article. 
 To avenge Toni's grandfather. 
 I mean, you and Toni are close. 
 Sure. 
 - We're pals. 
 - Close pals. 
 I saw you guys at Pop's early one morning, in the middle of the Black Hood attacks. 
 You were having breakfast, and you seemed like more than pals. 
 And I know it's not my place to ask, but did anything ever happen between you two? 
 Yeah. 
 The night of the Gauntlet, after you sent Archie to break up with me, Toni stayed over. [SIGHS] 
 She gave me a... Tattoo. 
 And we did some stuff, but not everything. 
 Uh-huh. 
 But since you brought it up, have you done anything with anyone since we broke up? 
 No. 
 No. 
 Of course not. 
 [VERONICA]  Ooh-la-la! 
 - Is that for me? 
 - It is. 
 It's'confirmation present from the St. Clairs, of all people. 
 Why would they think they have the right to do that after everything that went down between us? 
 It's what families in our business do. 
 Even when we're at war, we give gifts. 
 To show respect. 
 Or, in this case, to try and make amends. 
 Well, whatever it is, feel free to burn or regift it. 
 Veronica... 
 Simone St. Clair called to follow up on this gift. 
 She said that Archie paid Nick an unfriendly visit. 
 Is that true? 
 Sorry to keep making you double-check everything, Pop. 
 It's more to make sure I got it right. 
 Mr. Lodge's special orders can get pretty complicated. 
 No problem, Archie. 
 After all, he's the boss. 
 What do you mean by that, Pop? 
 [CELL PHONE CHIMES] 
 Crap! 
 [ARCHIE]  You cannot just show up at my house like this. 
 I haven't heard from you in a while. 
 I've been calling and texting. 
 There's been nothing to report. 
 You don't think your girlfriend's confirmation is worth a mention? 
 No, why would it be? 
 Our sources are telling us Hiram Lodge's family is coming to it. 
 And by that, I mean his crime family. 
 I need you to be my eyes and ears at that event, Archie. 
 - [SIGHS] 
 - What? 
 Is there a problem? 
 It's my girlfriend's confirmation. 
 It's a big deal to her. 
 I want to be there for Veronica, not the FBI. 
 Unfortunately, Archie, you'll have to be there for us both. 
 [RAP MUSIC PLAYING] 
 Sheriff Keller, 
 we have to stop meeting like this. 
 Where's your dad at? 
 Had a shift at Pop's. Why? 
 It's an eviction notice. 
 You, your dad, pretty much everyone in this place, you all got to clear out. 
 What? 
 Don't tell me this is because of that statue? 
 For the millionth time, Sheriff, we did not decapitate General Pickens. 
 And you can't use that as some trumped-up excuse to try and evict all of us. 
 Look, I'm just the messenger, all right? 
 This order comes down from the mayor's Office. 
 Apparently, there's a lot of back rent owed here. 
 You have    days to vacate. 
 Then perhaps while you're packing, you might come across that head. 
 Calm the waters a little. 
 Sierra and Josie are here to... 
 Offer an apology after Pickens Day. 
 I had misgivings about some of the decisions your parents were making. 
 That was wrong and inappropriate. 
 [HERMIONE] Oh, these are stressful times, Sierra. 
 And neither Veronica nor I hold any grudges. 
 [VERONICA] Not at all. 
 In fact, I would love it if you'd both come to my confirmation. 
 Veronica, Hermione, we accept your invitation. 
 That makes giving you your gift that much easier. 
 Josie? 
 If you'll have me, I'd be honored to sing at your confirmation, Veronica. 
 - No, you don't have to 
 - That's a lovely idea, Josie, we accept. 
 - But, Mom, I was gonna sing. 
 Or we could do a duet. 
 Do you know "Bitter Sweet Symphony" 
 from the  Cruel Intentions  soundtrack? 
 I can learn it. 
 We all got the eviction notices, but I swear to you... 
 No one is goin' anywhere. 
 But the heat's been on us since Pickens Day and they're using that damn statue as an excuse to turn it up. 
 But if we're gonna fix this, I gotta ask: Is anyone in this room responsible for cutting off Pickens' head? 
 [TALL BOY] Why don't you ask your son what he has to say? 
 What is your problem with me, Tall Boy? 
 You wrote the article that started this mess. 
 You and your posse fired the opening shot at Pickens Day. 
 It was a peaceful protest, Turncoat. 
 That accomplished nothing. 
 So what's to say that you and your boyfriend didn't go back that night with a ladder and hacksaw 
 Hey! We didn't do it. 
 Hell, Tall Boy, you're the tallest guy in this room. 
 You wouldn't even need a ladder. 
 Jughead... Tall Boy, the last thing we need right now is to turn on each other. 
 Hey... We'll find a way out of this. 
 [HIRAM] I heard a rumor... 
 That you paid Nick St. Clair a visit. 
 And roughed him up a bit. 
 Uh... 
 The thing is, Mr. Lodge, I... 
 When I found out about what Nick tried to do with Veronica, I just... I got so angry. 
 But still. 
 Beating up on a kid, even a filthy animal like Nick St. Clair while his legs are in casts... 
 I'm... 
 Impressed. 
 No. 
 I respect a man that will go to such extremes to send a message. 
 And I'm relieved that Veronica has someone so fiercely protective. 
 Of course, sir, always. 
 I have some out-of-town guests coming in for Veronica's confirmation. 
 I'm hosting a poker game at Pop's the night before. 
 I'll need a couple extra hands to help. 
 Someone I can trust. 
 You know... To keep the drinks filled and the cigars cut. 
 Are you interested? 
 Absolutely. 
 Sir, I'll be there. 
 [CLATTERING] 
 Chic? Is that you? 
 [FOOTSTEPS DESCENDING] 
 Uh... Who are you? Where's Chic? 
 I'm Ben, Chic will be right down. 
 See ya. 
 Hey, what's going on? 
 I thought you had a job interview today. 
 I did. That was Ben. 
 He works concessions at the Bijou. 
 Pretty sure I got the job. 
 Well, I thought he might've been one of your clients. 
 Never... I'd never tell those guys where I live. 
 And don't you do it either, ever. 
 - I wouldn't. 
 - Good. 
 Boundaries are key. 
 They'll keep you alive. 
 [JUGHEAD]  This witch-hunt has to end, Mayor. 
 The Serpents had nothing to do with that beheading. 
 You know that and in the meantime, you're gonna tighten the screws, you'll send Sheriff Keller to sow seeds of unrest, threaten to take our homes away? 
 Since when do you care about the statue of a murderer? 
 Since Governor Dooley called and read me the Riot Act. 
 That statue cost him a lot of money. 
 He's furious. 
 And you're supposed to be an ally, Mayor McCoy. 
 So why are you doing this? Unless it's... 
 Who's pulling your strings? 
 Is it Hiram Lodge? 
 You're a bright kid, Jughead. 
 I've always liked you. 
 So listen to what I'm telling you... 
 [STERNLY] Back down! 
 What do you mean my dad invited you to his poker game? 
 No, not to play, just to, like, serve drinks and bus tables and cut cigars. 
 - Whatever that means. 
 - But those games are private. 
 Daddy's inner-inner-circle. 
 Well, I guess I'm in. 
 Unless there's a reason why I shouldn't go? 
 Come here. Excuse me. 
 This floating poker game is a long-standing tradition. 
 It's been happening for decades. 
 It's incredibly high stakes, in every sense of the word. 
 You're going to have to be extremely careful around these other players. 
 Okay? I just don't want you to get hurt. 
 Why would I get hurt? 
 I thought these guys were close friends and relatives? 
 They are, but [WHISPERS] 
 they're like Daddy. 
 They're old school. 
 Industry titans you don't want to cross. 
 Just promise me, you'll play it safe. 
 Ronnie, I'm refilling water glasses, I don't think there's anything to worry about. 
 [JUGHEAD]  Thank you for meeting with me. 
 You're the only person in this town that I can talk to about something like this. 
 Before you do, can I just point out one thing? 
 I know what you're going to say. 
 Last time the Serpents and I were in trouble, I pushed you away. 
 What do you need, Jug? 
 Mayor McCoy thinks the Serpents were the ones who vandalized the statue of General Pickens. 
 And now, suddenly, we have    days to vacate Sunnyside Trailer Park. 
 What... That's illegal. 
 Technically, the trailer park's on town property. 
 And not everyone has paid their rent. 
 Well, so, let's go talk to Mayor McCoy. 
 I did. 
 She's making this all about the beheaded statue and really it's just a pretense to shut us up and get us out. 
 If the statue's what's fueling her fire, then let's take away the gas. 
 "The Case of the Decapitated Statue." 
 Let's treat it like a missing persons case. 
 Someone, somewhere, must've seen something. 
 So, we'll canvas the town with reward flyers for anyone who has information. 
 Finding that head and who did it would really take the wind out of Mayor McCoy's sails. 
 So... 
 Find the head, save the trailer park. 
 You invited Archie to work your Casino Royale? 
 Aren't you worried he's gonna find out all our family secrets? 
 Business isn't discussed when the family gathers  for such sacred celebrations  as your confirmation. 
 You always have an agenda, Daddy. 
 What is it this time? 
 After hearing about how Archie  took initiative with Nick St. Clair,  I wanted to see how he'd handle himself  in a room of my peers. 
 Yes, but why? 
 He's your boyfriend,  mija. 
 And if this relationship  of yours persists,  at some point,  we may need to bring Archie in. 
 I thought outsiders weren't brought in to the family. 
 Not traditionally, no. 
 But Archie, he may be more like us than I gave him credit for. 
 No, he's not. 
 And I'm not sure I want him to be... compromised. 
 I see. 
 But if things keep  going as they have been,  you're gonna have to make a decision.  Either we bring him in,  or he stays on the outside, forever. 
 [JUGHEAD] All right, order of the Ophidians. 
 [PENNY] Jughead Jones. 
 Did you really think you'd see the last of me? 
 What's the Snake Charmer doing here? 
 Dad? 
 No, I brought her in, to help us. 
 We don't need Penny's kind of help. 
 You don't get a say anymore. 
 Since you broke Serpent law and hurt one of our own kind. 
 Penny was about to tell your dad. 
 Show him, Penny. 
 Show 'em all. 
 That used to be my Serpent tattoo,  until your son sliced  a chunk outta my arm  and left me bleeding  in a ditch in Greendale. 
 But I'm still willing to help the Serpents. 
 Tall Boy showed me those eviction notices. 
 They're legit. 
 Luckily, I can think of about    ways to stall the process. 
 And I'm talking years. 
 What's your price, Penny? 
 Blood for blood. 
 An eye for an eye. 
 I want back in with the Serpents and I want him kicked out. 
 Oh, yeah, one last thing... 
 I want his tattoo carved off. 
 And I want to do it myself. 
 With a dirty knife. 
 [DOOR OPENS] 
 Well? What did they say? 
 Are they kicking me out? 
 There's gonna be a vote. 
 You versus Penny. 
 Me versus... 
 What, they can't see what we get? 
 With Penny in the picture? 
 Penny's a cobra, but mutilating her? 
 That's the kind of thing you don't come back from, Jug. 
 Yeah, like stuffing a  teenager's body in a freezer?  You need to learn to  keep your damn mouth shut. 
 Tall Boy was right. 
 You brought the Northside down on us. 
 Serpents are losing their dens because of what you wrote. 
 Don't kid yourself. 
 You're using my article. 
 And they're using what happened  to the statue of General Pickens  as an excuse to justify something  they've already been doing. 
 You think you're a hero, Jug? 
 Cutting up women? 
 Bringing the temple down right on our damn heads? 
 You... will be the death of us. 
 Not the Northside, not Penny. 
 You. 
 Are you out of your freaking mind? 
 I'm not wearing a wire. 
 Archie, this poker game... 
 All the kingpins, together in one room. 
 We've never managed to  get anyone close enough  to them to hear and  record what they discuss. 
 Okay, hear, yes. Record, no. 
 You afraid we might capture something that implicates your father? 
 Or Veronica? 
 I'm the one taking the risk here, Agent Adams, not you. 
 We're doing this on my terms. 
 No wire. 
 [HAL]  I told you, Alice,  either Chic goes or I go. 
 Chic isn't hurting anyone. 
 And he just got a job. 
 Where was it, Betty? 
 - At the Bijou. 
 - At the Bijou. 
 And he's offered to pay rent. 
 So, what's your beef with him? 
 He's a stranger, that's my beef. 
 So? Make an effort. Get to know him. 
 Yeah, please, Dad. 
 Can you just try? 
 Why don't you guys call me when he's gone? 
 In the meantime,  I'll be at a ShareBNB  down by the Register. 
 Fine, Hal, do what you want. 
 [BELL TOLLING] 
 [VERONICA]  Forgive me,  Father, for I have sinned.   It's been some time  since my last confession. 
 The Bible says gossiping's a sin. 
 If that's true... Guilty. 
 Also, I admit to being, on occasion,   disrespectful to my parents. 
 But what I'm most worried about is... 
 That I'm doing something terrible to a person I love. 
 Not only am I constantly lying to him... 
 Or, more accurately,  withholding the truth. 
 I fear I'm leading him down an unrighteous path. 
 Monsignor,  as someone who's known my family  for longer than I've been alive,  I hope you understand my concern. 
 I do, my child. 
 And I pray you can offer some advice. 
 Ten Hail Marys, five Our Fathers. 
 [LAUGHING] 
 Veronica,  how did your confession  with the Monsignor go? 
 [VERONICA] To be honest, Tia,  I don't know if he gave  me much peace of mind. 
 [TIA] Me, I go to Our Lady of Grace every day. 
 I light a candle and I put in my requests to the Almighty. 
 Terry, how many glasses is that? 
 - Requests for what? 
 - [TIA LAUGHS] 
 For protection. 
 Our husbands? The risks they take. 
 Every day they come home in one piece, it's a miracle. 
 Mmm. For me, I pray for forgiveness. 
 I have everything. 
 My husband... Your uncle, he's good to me. And so I pray for him. 
 And for me. And for the kids. 
 And I also give to charities. 
 It helps me sleep at night. 
 You have to find your thing, Veronica. 
 I'm trying. 
 Was that your boyfriend who came by the other day, Veronica? 
 - It was. 
 - Ah! 
 His name's Archie Andrews. 
 And do we know him? His family? 
 [HERMIONE] He's a local boy. 
 An, uh,  inocente. 
 [ABUELITA SPEAKING SPANISH] _ 
 [HIRAM LAUGHS] Full house, aces over sixes. 
 You're on a lucky streak, Hiram. 
 That, or he's cheating us, Carl. 
 Kid's got hustle. 
 What's your name, Red? 
 - Archie Andrews. 
 - Archie, this is Lenny Kowalski. 
 Lenny runs canned meat out of Chicago. 
 They call me "The Butcher." 
 He's pulling your leg, kid. No one calls him that. 
 Carl Martin, of Martin Brewery. Finest beer in the Rust Belt. 
 I wouldn't say the finest. 
 And this charming fellow is Poppa Poutine. 
 He owns a chain of hot  dog restaurants in Quebec,  which is why you never heard of him. 
 How's SoDale coming along there, Hiram? 
 Right on schedule? 
 Ah, no business talk, remember? 
 Hey, kid, what was your name again? 
 Archie. Archie Andrews. 
 Andrews, right. 
 Hiram... Doesn't your wife know a guy named Andrews? 
 Yeah, she does. 
 Fred Andrews is one of our business associates. 
 Was that your decision to make him a partner... Or hers? 
 [HIRAM] Smells delicious, Pop. 
 Don't get a chance to  make poutine very often.  I hope you enjoy it. 
 [POPPA SPITS] 
 The hell is this? 
 Those aren't cheese curds! 
 I ordered poutine! This is vomit! 
 - You own this dump? 
 - [HIRAM] No. 
 I own it. 
 Now apologize. 
 Apologize? For what? 
 For disrespecting Pop Tate. 
 I'm gonna go out and get a little fresh air. 
 This place is a dive. 
 I'm sorry, Pop. 
 If you'll excuse my guest's lack of social graces. 
 [ANDRE] Toilet's clogged. 
 [ANDRE SIGHS] 
 Enjoy your steak. 
 Ah, God. 
 [EXHALES IN DISGUST] 
 [POPPA] Lodge is a problem. 
 [LENNY] Mmm-hmm. 
 [POPPA] He lost his mojo in the joint. 
 Went soft in the head and in the belly. 
 Others, back home, feel the same way. 
 [POPPA] Lodge is getting sloppy too. 
 And that whole St. Clair kid thing? 
 Exactly. Going after someone's kid in such a blatant way? 
 Who does that? 
 [POPPA] Ah... And partnering up with the man who's been messin' around with your wife? 
 He's weak. 
 This is our chance, Lenny. 
 You think he should be removed? 
 Right after his daughter's confirmation. 
 I'll do it myself. 
 
 
 
 ["BITTER SWEET SYMPHONY" 
 PLAYING ON HARP] 
 ♪ 'Cause it's a bittersweet ♪ 
 ♪ Symphony this life ♪ 
 [WHISPERING] 
 ♪ Trying to make ends meet ♪ 
 ♪ You're a slave to the money Then you die ♪ 
 ♪ I'll take you down the only road ♪ 
 ♪ That I've ever been down ♪ 
 ♪ You know the one that takes you to the places ♪ 
 ♪ Where all the veins meet Yeah ♪ 
 ♪ No change, I can't change ♪ 
 ♪ I can't change I can't change ♪ 
 ♪ But I'm here in my mold ♪ 
 ♪ I am here in my mold ♪ 
 ♪ But I'm a million different people ♪ 
 ♪ From one day to the next ♪ 
 ♪ I can't change my mold ♪ 
 ♪ No, no, no, no, no, no ♪ 
 Do you, Veronica Cecilia Lodge, renounce Satan and all evil works? 
 And do you walk in the light of the Lord? 
 I do. 
 [POP MUSIC PLAYING] 
 What a beautiful service. 
 Sierra, how kind. 
 You can put that with the rest of the gifts. 
 No, this one's for you. 
 The sale's been finalized. 
 You're now the proud owners of what was previously Southside High. 
 Congratulations. 
 And to you, Madam Mayor. 
 [INAUDIBLE] 
 Betty, you mind if I steal my man? 
 It's time for Archie to meet my  abuelita. 
 Of course. I'm gonna go look for Jug, anyway. 
 Come on, Archie. 
 [VERONICA SPEAKING SPANISH] _ 
 Hello,  Abuelita . 
 It's an honor to meet you. 
 - Ah. So handsome. Hello. 
 - [ARCHIE CHUCKLES] 
 - Ow. 
 - [ABUELITA SPEAKING SPANISH] 
 Thank you. 
 [BETTY] Hey. 
 It's not like Jughead Jones to neglect a free buffet. 
 [SNICKERS] You okay? 
 No, it's the Serpents. 
 They're meeting to decide if I'm getting kicked out or not. 
 What, why are they doing that? 
 I broke a code, I messed up bad. 
 Really bad. 
 There's this person who suckered me into delivering drugs. 
 And my dad, too, he got roped in. 
 So, couple of Serpents and I, we... 
 Found her,  grabbed her,  and I cut her. 
 Cut her? 
 The worst part is, none of it even matters. 
 'Cause she's back. 
 It's like every decision  I've made since we broke up,  including our break up, just  makes things worse and worse. 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 [JUGHEAD SIGHS] 
 Hello. 
 Yes, it is. 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 We're the ones who put up the flyers. 
 Okay, yeah. We can be right there. 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 Thanks for being here today. 
 I really needed to see your face. 
 You're my beacon in the night. 
 Hey, Archie, mind if I cut in? 
 No, sir, of course not, Mr. Lodge. 
 Daddy... I've been thinking. 
 I don't want Archie brought into this. 
 This life... Our life. 
 If that's the way you want it to be. 
 It is. 
 I think it has to be. 
 Okay. 
 [JUNKYARD STEVE]  You the kids looking for a head? 
 If only we lived in a town where the answer could be no. 
 We are and you called to say that you have it? 
 I got nearly ten acres  of scrap out there,  and I come across weird  stuff all the time. 
 But this is the first  time I found a bronze head.  It was stashed in an old refrigerator. 
 [UNZIPS BAG] 
 You didn't happen to see who dumped this? 
 Has anyone suspicious been around here? 
 Well, I get scavengers all the time, but there was a guy come in last week, I'd never seen him before. 
 Claimed he wanted to  get some bike parts,  but he didn't buy anything. 
 Well, did you get his name? 
 What did he look like? 
 Low-life type. 
 Had on one of those jackets. 
 By any chance, was this gentleman tall? 
 Sure was. 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 I'm sorry, Mr. Lodge, can I talk to you for a second? 
 Yeah, sure. What is it? 
 Not here. Your study. 
 Right now. It's important. 
 Okay. Let's go. 
 [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING] 
 It's Poppa Poutine, 
 I overheard him at the poker game, and I think he's planning something bad. 
 He said you were getting sloppy, and that action needs to be taken. 
 I'm telling you, Mr. Lodge,  so you can protect yourself,  in case there's some kind of coup. 
 [OPERA MUSIC PLAYING] 
 Thank you, Archie. 
 You can go back to the party now. Check on my daughter. 
 Make sure she's having a good time. 
 [DOOR CLOSES] 
 [DIAL CLICKING] 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 [FP] Stop the damn vote. 
 What the hell were you doing at the dump last week, Tall Boy? 
 I don't know what you're talking about. 
 I'm talkin' about you cutting  the head off the Pickens' statue  and stashing it at the dump  where you were seen, dumbass. 
 So start spilling! 
 [JUGHEAD] Why'd you do it? 
 Someone put you up to this? 
 What's the Northsider doing here? 
 This is Serpent business, it's on Serpent land. 
 She's here because she's one of us. 
 You haven't answered my son's question: 
 Why'd you do it? 
 'Cause I'm tired of seeing the Serpents  goin' soft under your rule. 
 Then Hiram Lodge came by, wanting to stir up some trouble. 
 He said if I took the head,  he'd get McCoy and the  cops to swarm all over us,  'cause some chaos. 
 So Hiram Lodge  asked you to start a mutiny  and you helped him, why? 
 I figured it'd be my chance to get rid of you, sunshine. 
 And if I got rid of him, I could get rid of you, too, FP. 
 And then, what, you'd become leader? 
 [JUGHEAD] He and Penny. 
 You're a Judas, Tall Boy, and an idiot. 
 You betrayed your own kind, Tall Boy. 
 You broke Serpent Law. 
 What should we do with this lowlife? 
 [JUGHEAD] Strip him of his jacket. 
 Exile him. 
 All those in favor. 
 [ALL MURMURING IN AGREEMENT] 
 [SNICKERS] 
 Looks like this piece of trash and I got a long ride ahead of us. 
 [INDISTINCT TALKING] 
 What were you and my father chatting about? 
 We were just going over some stuff for my internship. 
 Wait, that's still happening? 
 Yeah, why wouldn't it be? 
 I love you, Archie. 
 But we can't keep dating unless you understand something about my family. 
 About my father. 
 Look, I wanted to protect you from this, but every day, you're getting in deeper and deeper and... 
 The truth is, Archie... 
 My dad... He's... 
 - He's a... 
 - A mobster. 
 I know, Ronnie. 
 I've seen all those movies. 
 And the poker game last night. 
 Well, I mean, I wouldn't put it so baldly. 
 But, Archie, it's not just what he is, it's what he's planning to do. 
 In Riverdale. 
 SoDale is just the beginning, it's actually... 
 - Stop. 
 - No, Archie. 
 - You need to know this. 
 - No, I don't want to know. 
 - Archie, he's going to... 
 - Veronica, I can't know. 
 I... [SIGHS] I don't need to know. 
 Veronica, I love you. 
 And there's nothing you could ever say that would change that. 
 Or make me regret being with you. 
 Or scare me away. 
 You don't have to protect me from this, any of it. 
 I love you, Ronnie. 
 I'm with you. 
 [TV PLAYING INDISTINCTLY] 
 [SIGHS] 
 Good ol' Hiram Lodge. 
 I wonder what he's planning for us. 
 And the Southside? 
 Maybe we can ask Veronica on Monday. 
 Yeah. 
 Maybe we should just investigate quietly until we know more. 
 We haven't saved the trailer park yet. 
 And I'm on probation from the Serpents, whatever that means. 
 Because of what I did to Penny. 
 But we stopped her from coming back. 
 And we got rid of Tall Boy. 
 We. [CHUCKLES] 
 It's nice to hear that again. 
 Look, I'll be apologizing for it for the rest of my life, but I'm sorry. 
 I am. 
 Feeling like I needed to shield you from what I was going through with the Serpents or my darkness. [SCOFFS] 
 I can handle it. 
 [SIGHS] 
 I know. 
 I know you can. 
 [BOTH SIGH] 
 I should probably start headin' home. 
 Or you could stay. 
 Stay. 
 - Wait, wait, wait. 
 - [BREATHING HEAVILY] 
 - I need to tell you something. 
 - What? 
 What is it? 
 Nothing. 
 I just want you. 
 I want all of you tonight. 
 This is typical of your sister. 
 She gets caught up in something and drops off the face of the Earth. 
 What about Hal? Where's he? 
 - Hal... 
 - [KNOCKING AT DOOR] 
 That's probably him now. 
 Hi. Is Chic home? 
 What are you doing here, Agent Adams? 
 My dad's not even asleep yet. 
 This couldn't wait. 
 Paul Boucher was found dead in his hotel room less than an hour ago, shot in the back of the head. 
 Who's Paul Boucher? 
 His mob name is Poppa Poutine. 
 This is extremely important, Archie. 
 Boucher was a guest at Veronica's confirmation. 
 Did you see or hear something, anything, that could implicate Hiram Lodge 
 in what is obviously a gangland slaying? 
 No. 
 Nothing. 
 [ANDRE]  Found one last gift for you   in the lobby, Miss Veronica. 
 [VERONICA] A big one! 
 Mom... 
 Dad... 
 I think this might be for you. 
 - [CLATTERING] 
 - [GASPS SOFTLY] 
 Hello? 
 Mom? 
 Elizabeth, did you lock the front door? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 