Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Chapter Fifteen: Nighthawks - Riverdale 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Chapter Fifteen: Nighthawks https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=819&t=31346 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/18/18 11:35 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Chapter Fifteen: Nighthawks 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Jughead]  Previously on  Riverdale... 
 [gun fires] 
 [Pop]  This man... His goal was something else. 
 It was like Angel of Death had come to Riverdale. 
 [screaming] 
 Hello, Dilton. 
 Somebody has to teach them how to stand their ground. The way this town is going... 
 [Ms. Weiss]  Your father's facing serious jail time. 
 [Tall Boy]  Serpents take care of their own. 
 We got your back. 
 Smithers, would you describe my father as a good man? 
 I'd rather not say, miss. 
 I told your father that you were... 
 Conflicted about helping him. 
 "If you do not testify, your poor mother might be drawn into this awful mess." 
 Whether or not Sheriff Keller finds the person who did this or not,  you don't have to worry. 
 I'm gonna protect you. I swear it. 
 [Jughead]  Behold, Pop's Chock'lit Shoppe. 
 For decades, the heart of Riverdale. 
 What the hell? 
 Now, the latest casualty in the town's ongoing battle   against darkness. 
 [bell jingling] 
 - Pop? 
 - [Pop] Did you see? 
 Did you see what they wrote on my Chock'lit Shoppe? 
 [Archie] No, no, no, no. 
 [Fred coughing] Do we need a fire extinguisher? 
 What are you doing up? I was going to bring you breakfast. 
 I appreciate it, son. 
 But I've gotta get to moving around sometime. 
 Little early for that, isn't it? 
 No, I'm good. 
 Dad, the only thing you need to be worrying about is getting better. 
 [phone ringing] 
 Crap. I gotta take this. I gotta go. Bye. 
 Hi. Sheriff Keller? 
 No, no. Deputy, I've been leaving messages for the sheriff. 
 I need him to call me back about my dad's case. 
 [sighing] 
 TTFN, Smithers. 
 Oh, wait, Ms. Veronica. You might want to take the side exit. 
 - Why? 
 - [door opening and closing] 
 [Hiram] Yeah, why, Smithers? 
 Because she might bump into me coming in from an early run? 
 [Veronica] Good morning, Father. 
 Mija.  You leave before breakfast, you come after your mother and I have had dinner. 
 I can't remember the last time we had meal together as a family. 
 I can. It was at the Dakota. 
 The day you got arrested. 
 Well, perhaps we should talk about that. 
 Tonight, at dinner. The three of us. 
 Unfortunately, I have plans. 
 To quote that  New Yorker  cartoon, how about never, Dad, is never good for you? 
 [Jughead]  It's another win for the bad guys. 
 No one was there. His entire staff quit. 
 He says he's not sure how long he'll be able to keep the doors open, maybe not even a week. 
 It's because of what happened to my dad. 
 People are freaking out. 
 And I gotta be honest, guys, I don't see myself going back any time soon. 
 Wait, I'm sorry, am I hearing acceptance? 
 I'm not letting one psychopath with a gun dictate what happens to our place. 
 Jug, you went crazy trying to save the drive-in. 
 I can't take on any more social issues right now. 
 My hands are full. 
 With your dad, of course. 
 And he should be your priority. 
 [sighs] 
 I'll take point on helping Pop Tate. 
 I'll help, too, Betty. 
 Hey, anything to get me away from my parents, I'm in. 
 Another Bee and Vee team-up. 
 They should really make a video game about you guys. 
 - [giggles] 
 - [Jughead] I gotta jet. 
 I'm off to meet my dad's court-appointed joke of a lawyer at the sheriff's station. 
 I'm gonna come with you, Jug. 
 I gotta drop some flyers off for Sheriff Keller. 
 [Veronica] Bye. 
 [door opens] 
 Sheriff Keller. 
 Archie, how's your dad holding up? 
 Honestly, he'd be doing a lot better if you caught the guy who shot him. 
 We're doing everything we can. 
 Yeah, me, too. I'm out here handing out flyers, talking to neighbors, tracking my dad's credit cards because his wallet is still missing. 
 Which means this guy has all of our personal information, including where we live. 
 And we were witnesses. 
 If your guys are out there patrolling, Sheriff, let me go with them, I can help. 
 - Oh, no. 
 [man over police radio]    - . 
 We've got a    in Greendale. Greendale? All right, copy that. Just give me a sec. Let us do our job. You take care. Let's talk about the damn deal. First, to review the charges you're facing, arson, destruction of evidence, making a false confession, obstructing justice, not to mention this whole nasty mess of dumping a dead kid in the river. I know what I did. What's the deal? What are they offering? You're gonna want to take it. I'm telling you, I've been doing this a long time. It's a strong deal. How many damn years? [creaking] Whoa, whoa! - Jughead. Are you insane? - Hey You're the one that looks like a Dream Warrior from  Nightmare on Elm Street  . What did the lawyer say? I've been walking around all night trying to wrap my head around how bad it is. It's bad. My dad is facing    years, Arch. Crap, Jughead, I'm sorry. That sucks. The lawyer thinks he should take the deal. And that if he doesn't, and the case goes to trial, he could be facing    years. I'm just really, really scared. Yeah, me, too. About what? [gunshot sound] I couldn't sleep last night, Jug. I kept thinking about your dad, and Pop's. And how maybe we can kill two birds with one stone. Can you meet me at the Mayor's office? Okay, great, I'll get it set. But right now, I need to call... Hey, Bee, what's up? [knocking at door] I know you haven't been sleeping in your room. So where exactly have you been spending your nights? - [Archie] So, Betty. - [Veronica] Yes, Betty. Ever since you and your dad got home from the hospital, she's noticed your room's been unusually empty and quiet. Why? So I can... Watch the doors. So I can make sure no one comes in. I know it sounds crazy, but the guy who shot my dad is still out there, Ronnie, and I'm scared he's gonna come back and finish the job. Archie, you went through something deeply traumatic. Can I make a suggestion? Please. Anything. When I lived in New York, I saw a therapist once a week to help me get through all sorts of Park Avenue drama. Now, I'm not saying to go see a therapist, Archie, but maybe the school counselor could help? [Betty] Mayor McCoy. Betty, Jughead. What can I help you with? So, the Chock'lit Shoppe is on the verge of closing, and we want Pop Tate to know that the entire town is rallying behind him. We were thinking that you could... [stammering] Make the building a landmark, or declare a "Pop's Day" in support? What if I endorse Pop's, and next week someone else is shot there? My priority as a mayor and as a mother is keeping this town safe. If we have to close Pop's, I'm all for it. Are you also "all for" shipping my dad off to a state prison for a murder that he didn't commit? - Shh. What is this, an ambush? I know you have an in with the State Attorney. If you could just call him and try to get my dad a better lawyer, anything? Your father made some mistakes, I'm sure he'll get a fair hearing. [Jughead] Mayor McCoy? You remember this moment. 'Cause this is the moment that you turned your back on both Pop Tate and my father. Midge Klump. The Klumpster. Reggie, what do you know about jingji-jangle? I know you shouldn't say it so loud while we're on school property. [whispering] And that I can score you some. Who's it for? Me and Moose. Lemme see what I can do. What's on your mind, Andrews? Girl troubles, scabies? Why are you seeking guidance from Ms. Burble? - I'm not. - Maybe you should. You look like my nuts after football practice. Hey. Do you have anything that can help keep me awake? Many things. Amphetamines, Baclofen, Modafinil, jingle-jangle. Jingle-jangle? That'll keep you up for days, in more ways than one. But why do you need uppers, Wonder Bread? Until the guy who shot my dad is caught, I wanna be on high alert. So, can you help me or not, Reggie? I got you, Andrews. [slap] [Betty]  We can't let the terrorists win. We need to host an event at Pop's that reminds the town of simpler times. Like, a throwback to when the shoppe first opened its doors. Betty, I like a good milkshake as much as any girl, and Pop's puts Serendipity  's to shame. But, why this hill to die on? Orange freezes with my mom and Polly after ballet. Chicken noodle soup with my dad after ice-skating... Grilled cheeses with Archie on the last day of summer vacation. It's where I met you for the first time, Vee. It's where I met you for the first time. Also... Jug. He may lose his dad, but maybe I can save this one place for him... For all of us. [knocking at door] Hey. Veronica. May I speak to you? Daddy? - Daddy? - Daddy? Every day I was in prison, I thought about getting back to you and your mother. And I knew it wouldn't be easy, I knew it would take time. Meet me halfway. Don't you think I want to, Daddy? Don't you think I want everything to go back to the way it was? The three of us, walking into some fabulous gala or ball. You with your two favorite girls. But... I can't. The blindfold's off, Daddy, I can't just put it back on. I'm sorry, but I should get back to my friends. Yeah, hey, so... Were you, uh... Planning a dance in there? An event. To keep Pop's from closing. Well, if I can help in any way... I'll let you know. [Jughead]  I tried going the legit route. I even talked to the mayor. It's just... It feels like the whole system's rigged against us. What's FP saying? Is he taking this deal? Not if I can help it. Tall Boy... What if we bust him out of jail before he gets transferred to state? [Tall Boy scoffs] It's totally doable. The sheriff's station has worse security than Riverdale High. And once he's out, it's just a straight shot right up Sweetwater River until the Canadian border. You've seen  Escape From Alcatraz  a few too many times, kid. Your dad needs a snake-handler. Someone whose livelihood depends on snakes. Who's used to dealing with 'em. I got someone you should meet. [Cheryl] Humpty and Dumpty. Just in time to meet our newest recruit. In addition to my duties as a Pussycat. And, I just wanna say, girls, I'm so excited to work on my moves and to be a team player, as long as I'm in the front. Wait, Cheryl, does that mean you're taking the Vixens back from me? But, really, Veronica, were they ever yours? Cheryl, we were wondering if maybe the Vixens would help at an event to save Pop's. Oh, Betty. I did not emerge from the frozen depths of Sweetwater River, nor the flames of Thornhill, to allow my Vixens to sling milkshakes at some death-cursed diner. The answer is a double-cherry-on-top no. Okay. Great talk. [Weatherbee]  May I have everyone's attention? I have some tragic news to share. Ms. Grundy, who was a teacher here last semester, was found murdered in her Greendale home last night. Oh, my God. [Weatherbee] I know some of you were students of hers,  and that this news will be difficult to process. [inaudible] Mr. Andrews? First, you get shot. Then, Ms. Grundy is murdered. All within a matter of days. Dad, what if some crazy person is going after the people that I care about? What? You think I'm nuts? No, son, I think you're scared. Understandably so. Truth is, son, we don't know anything about what happened to Ms. Grundy. She's dead, she was killed. Right across Sweetwater River. I know. It was a horrible thing. Don't you wanna find out who did this? Who's doing this? - [tattoo needle buzzing] - [rock music playing] I'm, uh, here for Penny Peabody? [Penny] Forgive the office space, but I'm a firm believer in low overhead. Plus, I like being close to my clients. Your clients... Being the Serpents? Well, I was and still am a Serpent. They put me through college, law school. Right. The Serpents are often on the other side of the law, so... Having one of their own, on retainer, helping out is clever. Well, FP always bragged that you were smart. Oh, yeah, I know your dad. And I also know, from our, uh, mutual friends, the deal he's been offered. It's garbage. Can you help? I know the loopholes. In this case, there are none. But, if you get the victim's family to forgive him, in front of a judge, that might shift things in FP's favor. Instead of    years, he can get time served, with parole. - Oh, that's great. Yeah. Thank you. Uh, am I supposed to pay you, or... We're friends. I do you a favor. One day, maybe, you do me a favor. Let me know how it goes, will you? Tell your dad to wear a tie. You're twitching, Archie. Which means this must be serious. I think the same person who shot my dad may have murdered Ms. Grundy. My, my. We've come a long way since dances at the gym and varsity football tryouts, haven't we? [sighs] You were the first to know anything about Jason's autopsy, Mom. So, Archie's wondering if... If I can get details on Ms. Grundy's death and see if they line up with the attack on Fred. It would be really helpful to put Archie's mind at ease. Fine. I'll reach out to my ghoulish friend. - Thank you, Mrs. Cooper. - Mm. - Thanks, Betty. - Mm. I should go. I'll call you, Arch. Spreading ourself a little thin as the patron saint of lost causes, aren't we, Betty? Oh, you can cross saving Pop's off your list. Oh, haven't you heard? Pop Tate is selling the Chock'lit Shoppe. What? To who? To, and you'll love this, an anonymous buyer. Ring any bells? Oh, Ms. Veronica. I'll take those for you. - Oh, thank you, Smithers. - [phone ringing] Hey, girl. What? Are you buying Pop's? The way you bought the drive-in? Anonymously? And are you doing this just to buy me? Yesterday, at school, did you think, "Oh, Veronica's working so hard to save the Chock'lit Shoppe, I'll just save it for her!" Veronica, I'm not buying Pop's. Now, please, lower your voice and sit so we can speak civilly. Do you really want to talk, Dad? That's all I've wanted. A fair hearing. To explain myself. Okay. Let's talk about Mr. Andrews. Mom asked him to sell his portion of the SoDale project, and the day after he rejected the offer, he was shot in Pop's. Was it your doing? Veronica, first you accuse me, then your father? No, no. I didn't shoot Fred. Nor did I hire someone to do it. I was your fiercest protector, Dad. Ask Mom. Whenever somebody called you the devil incarnate, I defended you. I kept telling myself, "He's not that bad. You can forgive him." And then you sent me this. A letter threatening you, Mom. That's the kind of man you're letting back into our lives. [Hermione] Veronica? Your father didn't write this letter. I did. I don't understand. I needed you to testify on your father's behalf. So I wrote this letter. Threatening myself. Not your father. She did it for us. To survive. So we can be a family again. You two deserve each other. It's not exactly downsizing, is it? [knocking at door] Hobo. Bride of Hobo. Welcome to Thistlehouse. Mother's in the conservatory. Follow me. Thank you for sitting down with us. Of course, Betty. You're family. [Jughead] Okay. The reason we're here... FP's lawyer thinks that if the family of the victim shows mercy... Mercy. That's why you're here? Well, it's an appeal for leniency from you. To reduce my dad's sentence. Where was your father's mercy when I spent those countless nights walking the halls of Thornhill in agony, obsessing over what was happening to Jay-Jay? Imagining the worst. Where was your father's mercy when I slept under the same roof as a cold-blooded killer, night after night. Cheryl... FP didn't kill Jason. Okay? That was your dad. You saw the video. If it were up to me, I'd watch FP fry in the electric chair. We need this sordid chapter closed forever, and FP is the last loose end to tie up. I will not have a living, breathing reminder of the darkest chapter of my life walking the streets of Riverdale. What do we do now that Cheryl's gone full Poison Ivy? Blackmail. Extortion. If they weren't weren't literally an orphan and a widow, I would do it. [sighs] [coroner] Lacerations on the neck. Her trachea's crushed. Broken veins in her eyes and the skin tears suggest brutality. This is a crime of passion. Hatred. He wanted to feel her struggle as she died. Tell me, Mrs. Cooper, did you know the victim? No. [grunting] Stop! It's me. Are you freakin' insane? What the hell are you doing here, Reggie? Delivering your uppers, clearly the last thing you need. You've lost it, Andrews. You're the one here wearing this hood. It's called a prank, I didn't expect you to attack me. What if I had been the guy? Eh? You would have just tackled him? Yeah. Damn right. He has a gun, Andrews. He's shot people. Only a dumbass lunatic brings a baseball bat to a gunfight. [both panting] There was no sign of forced entry, which probably means she knew her killer. The police don't know if any of her personal belongings were taken. How, uh... How did Ms. Grundy die? The autopsy showed that she was strangled. With something the killer grabbed on hand. A cello bow, of all things. There was a struggle. She fought back. But, Archie, this was a crime of passion, in another town with a completely different murder weapon. The likelihood of these two crimes being connected seems slim. Son... If I say what I'm thinking, you're just gonna think I'm crazy. Probably Mrs. Cooper's right. Probably they're not connected. [Jughead]  So, why'd you do it, Pop? Did they make you an offer you couldn't refuse? Who's buying it? Do you even know? [Pop] It shames me to say. ChugMo. The liquor store chain? Hey, could I make a request of you, Pop? For a last supper? Anything you want. Actually, it's not for me, it's for my dad. He's facing    years of that weird meatloaf that they serve prisoners. So, barring an eleventh-hour miracle, I was kind of hoping for his last meal in Riverdale that you could make him his favorite. Fried chicken, cornbread, onion rings and an orange freeze, if memory serves. It's very  Rain Man  of you, Pop. Been doing this a long time. Thought I'd be doing it until the day I die. This is... Unacceptable. - What? - Just everything. Pop, have you officially sold the diner? The contract's being drawn up. Do not sign it. Okay? Do not give up. Either of you. I can fix this, all right? I will fix this. Okay? Bye. - [door closes] - [gasps] Give a girl a warning, will you? You want closure, Cheryl. I want to help my boyfriend's dad. I already told you. And I'm telling you to help FP. - Or... - Or what? Or I wide-release the video of your father shooting Jason. Try having closure with that out in the world. I thought you gave that damned thumb drive to Sheriff Keller. No. Not before I saved a copy onto Jughead's laptop. One click, and the darkest chapter of your family's twisted psychodrama becomes a viral sensation. Are you threatening me? This? No. No, this is... Fun girl talk. You could save a man's life. Think about that. A nice ending to a sad story. If I testify, you're giving me that video. And a guarantee that any and all other copies in your possession will be erased. You have my word. Also, I need the Vixens. For Retro Night. You're a stone-cold bitch, Betty Cooper. I don't have red hair, nor broad shoulders, or a blonde ponytail, for that matter. Do you wanna talk? You were ready to walk away from your dad. And now, you're crusading for his freedom. What changed? He did. He made an effort. Took another swing at being a good dad. But don't you think some people can't change? Like, it's just in their DNA to be bad? I'm not gonna presume to know what lies in your father's heart. But Archie's dad almost died. And my dad is going away for    years. If there's even a .    % chance that your dad is trying... - I get it. Thank you, Jughead. Sheriff, I believe the man who shot my dad is the same person that killed Ms. Grundy. And I think I know who it is. You know, that's, uh... That's quite a statement, Archie. Ms. Grundy had an abusive ex-husband. She moved to Riverdale to get away from him. She kept a gun in her car in case he'd ever come back. How do you know all this? Because she and I were... We were close. And I'm thinking... He found out about me. Ms. Grundy was killed with a cello bow. I gave her one before she left Riverdale. I'm betting it's the murder weapon. Can't you see, he's sending me a message. Your theory's wrong, Archie. My counterparts in Greendale already brought in her ex. And he has an airtight alibi. [exhales] 
 
 Maybe everyone's right. Maybe I am going crazy. Hey, has Betty called? Not yet. Let's pray Cheryl comes through for them. [judge]  Ms. Blossom, you may proceed with your statement. Your Honor, I speak for myself and my mother when I say we forgive FP Jones for the part he played in covering up my brother's murder, and we humbly ask the court for leniency. FP's guilt has been blown out of proportion to satiate what my father's suicide denied us. Closure. As much as I sympathize, I can't ignore the quality of Mr. Jones' crimes. There were no extenuating circumstances. My father threatened him. I overheard them talking in Daddy's study. Daddy said he would hurt Jughead if FP didn't comply. Is that extenuating enough? [judge] In light of these revelations, I suggest that we take a step back and reevaluate certain aspects of the case. At which time, we will revisit the sentencing. Adjourned. Is that a win? It's a delay. So, yeah. [sobbing quietly] No one's here. No one's coming. It's still early, okay? Mom. What, did you come to gloat? Oh, don't be so cynical, Elizabeth. I came to write my next story over one last root beer float. I'm calling it "Requiem for Pop's." Can I get a quote, dear? You're a fiend, Mother, but this is one obituary that you're not gonna write. All right, two strawberries, one vanilla, and one chocolate with extra malt. [clears throat] Why the hell did you broadcast all over social media that the Pussycats would be doing a free concert here tonight? I knew that if I asked you, you would have said... - No! - Mmm-hmm. If my mom even hears that I set foot in this place... Josie, you care about this place, I know you do. I see you in here all the time. Betty, even if I wanted to help, I'm down a cat. - Valerie has norovirus... - I don't mind stepping in. After all, if you can be a River Vixen, Josie, I can be a Pussycat. As long as it's a cover, I'm sure I'll know the lyrics. I mean, you do love your cheese fries, Josie... [sighing] Fine. Fine. [Josie singing]  ♪ My milkshake brings All the boys to the yard ♪ ♪ And they're like It's better than yours ♪ ♪ Damn right It's better than yours ♪ ♪ I can teach you But I have to charge ♪ ♪ My milkshake brings All the boys to the yard ♪ ♪ And they're like It's better than yours ♪ ♪ Damn right It's better than yours ♪ ♪ I can teach you But I have to charge ♪ ♪ I know you want it ♪ ♪ The thing that makes me Oh-oh-oh ♪ ♪ What the guys go crazy for ♪ ♪ They lose their minds ♪ ♪ They lose their minds ♪ ♪ The way I wind I think it's time ♪ [Veronica] Hey there, Daddy-O. - Hey. - You made it. You feeling okay? Yeah. Just taking deep breaths. I'm proud of you. Come on, you take a booth. And I'll get you a shake. We're not here to fight, we're here to be supportive. Dad, Mom. I've been thinking. Tonight is a new beginning for Pop's. And... Maybe it can be for us, too. That's up to you,  mija. If that's what you want. Let's try. But, you guys, total transparency, okay? From now on. In the spirit of that, I propose that Lodge Industries make a charitable contribution. [camera shutter clicking] Relax, Betty. I'm sure they're just here to enjoy Pop's world-class burgers and service. Just like me. [Cheryl] Ugh, you two are like chimps in captivity, grooming and picking lice off each other. Mark this day in your diary. I lied under oath for you. And thank God I'm quick on my feet. Cheryl, thank you. Honor your promise to me. [sighs] Boo! Hi, Midge, Moose. I've got your jingle-jangle. [camera shutter clicks] [Pop]  I gotta put her on the spot. It's thanks to this young lady here that Pop's gets to stay open tonight, tomorrow... As long as you folks keep coming. [crowd cheers and applauds] Thanks, also, to the Lodge family for a donation they just made that gives us a little cushion to weather any storm that might come up. I didn't know we were in the charity business. Oh, we're not. As of five minutes ago, we, uh, own this diner. In exchange for silence, I told Tate he could stay on as manager. - Nice to have you back, Hiram. - [chuckles] Hermione, thank you for saying you wrote that letter. Veronica never would have forgiven me for that. Once again, your loyalty knows no bounds. Ronnie, should I introduce myself to your dad? You've faced enough dragons for one night. Next time, Archiekins. So, I guess tonight is a win for the good guys. A rare win, but, yes. Thanks to you, Betty. You okay? I'm here with you guys. So, yeah. I think so. [Cheryl] I have a present for you. The video of Daddy and Jason. All cued up. It might bring you peace. [man] Evening, Mr. and Mrs. Lodge. You must be Veronica. I am. Where's Smithers? Oh, he didn't tell you? His mother fell ill so he went home overseas to care for her. Did he leave a forwarding address? I'll try to track one down, sir. Thank you, Andre. [cell phone ringing] Hello? You went to see Penny Peabody? You asked her for help? Dad, hey... Yeah, well, we didn't have a choice. Why, is something wrong? Did you pay her? No, she said it was a favor. [FP]  Jughead, listen to me. Do not contact her again. If she reaches out, don't respond. You do not want to be in bed with the Snake Charmer. Why? Dad... You do know that several drug deals went down here tonight. What? And if you think that Hiram Lodge, Riverdale's answer to Scarface, helped Pop Tate for altruistic reasons, I have a bridge to sell you. Mom... The Serpents have now officially crossed the tracks and have a toehold on the north side. So, congratulations, Betty. You're almost single-handedly responsible for giving crime a haven in Riverdale. [bell jingling] [Jughead]  And far from the glow of Pop's neon sign, on Sweetwater Bridge, Archie Andrews had arranged a secret rendezvous with Dilton Doiley. Hey, Dilton. Hey, Archie. Got what you asked for. I'm not crazy. The guy's still out there. It's just for protection. Sure, Archie. Whatever you say. [Jughead]  That night, for the first time in weeks, Archie would sleep. Before waking up the next morning to a living nightmare. [Midge] Bottoms up. [giggles] Oh, wait, wait. I think there's somebody out there. No, don't. He'll see us. [gunshots] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 