Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x11 - Chapter Eleven: To Riverdale and Back Again - Riverdale 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x11 - Chapter Eleven: To Riverdale and Back Again https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=819&t=31342 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/18/18 11:32 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x11 - Chapter Eleven: To Riverdale and Back Again 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 ARCHIE:  Previously on  Riverdale... 
 Polly's our woman on the inside. 
 Blossom's had something to do with Jason's death. 
 And I'm gonna prove it. 
 My dad hired Jughead's dad to trash the drive-in. 
 Dad, did you have anything to do with Jason Blossom's death? 
 I'm no killer. 
 - Do you believe him? 
 - I do. 
 Hiram Lodge's daughter is here. 
 She said something about her father being connected to Jason's murder. 
 These kids are more on the ball than the Sheriff. 
 ARCHIE:  I'm messed up, Veronica... 
 Every day I wonder, what if I had left Riverdale with my mom? 
 Hi, honey. 
 WOMEN: [SINGING]  ♪ All hail ♪ 
 ♪ Our fair Riverdale ♪ 
 ♪ My heart rings true ♪ 
 JUGHEAD:  People like to say that the death of Jason Blossom changed everything at Riverdale High. 
 But certain things, certain traditions never change. 
 Take Homecoming, for instance. 
 Though Jason's jersey had been retired, the Riverdale Bulldogs would still be playing their arch-rivals,   the Baxter High Ravens,   with the River Vixens cheering them on. 
 I'm just handing off some of my decorating duties to Ethel so I can keep focusing on the  Blue and Gold. 
 Unacceptable. 
 You made a commitment, Ms. 
 Cooper, you need to honor it. 
 Especially since this Homecoming is also a Reunion Weekend. 
 JUGHEAD:  As in previous years, graduates from days of Riverdale Past   will come to town to relive their more youthful, more carefree days. 
 Or to make up for lost time. 
 Archie, the reason why I came... 
 You came because of the divorce. 
 Because I called Dad. 
 You know, I thought that Riverdale would be better for you than Chicago. 
 - It would be safer... 
 - It's okay, Mom. 
 Really, I'm okay. 
 And I mean, it hasn't been all bad. 
 My friends are amazing. 
 Dad and I are closer than ever right now. And also... 
 You've been singing. 
 Songwriting, yeah. And singing. 
 - And your dad tells me that you're great. 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 I hope you'll play me some songs before I go. 
 Yeah, for sure. 
 I'm playing at the dance. So, if you want to see me play live... 
 [SIGHS] 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 HERMIONE: That's incredible, Paul. 
 You will keep us posted, won't you? 
 Okay, thanks... Thank you. 
 Some good news for a change? 
 That was your dad's attorney. 
 Turns out, our statements did make a difference and the judge seems inclined to give your father a break. 
 How much of a break? 
 Time served. A few more months, if that. 
 And then what? 
 We move back to New York? 
 Or your father moves here. 
 What about the crimes he's committed? 
 Including, maybe, Jason Blossom. 
 Stop it, Veronica. 
 There is no proof that your father had anything to do with that. 
 He's in jail because of the Blossoms, Mom, that gives him a motive. 
 Okay. Veronica, you need to be supporting your father, not demonizing him... 
 Again, for things that you have no proof of. 
 Dad, have you been body-snatched? 
 Oh, I feel good, Jug. 
 Wanna look good, too. 
 Shave. Clean the place up a bit. 
 A little paint... 
 Oh, I got us some coffee and donuts. 
 And I read your, uh... Your essay? 
 Manuscript? 
 - You did? 
 - Yeah. 
 - Really? 
 - I asked you for it, didn't I? 
 Yeah, I don't know. I figured you were just pretending to be interested. 
 This is excellent. 
 Me, I can barely string two sentences together, but you... You got a gift. 
 Thank God you're not wasting it. 
 Mind if I ask you a couple questions? 
 Yeah. Of course. 
 Why Jason Blossom, huh? 
 Out of all the things you could write about, why pick a dead kid? 
 I don't know. It was sort like he picked me. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Tell the story that no one was gonna tell. 
 Or even know how to tell. 
 From the outside, looking in. 
 Who do you think killed him? 
 I mean, you and Betty are in this deep. You gotta have an opinion. 
 To me, I don't think the question is, "Whodunnit?" 
 I think the real question is whether Riverdale is a place of good or a place of darkness and evil. 
 Or both. 
 Most things are both. 
 Can I make one suggestion? 
 That's what Betty says, and then it's about a dozen suggestions. 
 I think, at a certain point, you should move on. 
 You can't let this be the only story you're gonna tell, Jughead. 
 Hell, it shouldn't even be the most important one. 
 ARCHIE: Ronnie, wait up. 
 Hey, I just wanted to explain why I didn't call you after the party. 
 My mom showed up out of nowhere. 
 It's fine, you don't owe me an explanation. 
 Wait, Veronica, are we seriously not gonna talk about what happened between us? 
 Archie. 
 We had a moment. A beautiful, but fleeting moment. 
 - We spent the night. 
 - We crashed, in separate beds. 
 I don't regret anything we said, Veronica, or did. 
 Me neither, but I think you might be boyfriend-worthy. 
 I agree. Let's test that theory at the Homecoming Dance. 
 Unfortunately, I don't have the bandwidth to explore anything with anyone right now. 
 Well, in that case, what if we just finally get to sing that duet together? 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 - I kind of told my mom I was performing. 
 Look, Archie, I'm sorry, but for a million reasons, we're going to have to pretend our moment never happened. 
 I'll see you later. 
 Oh, finally, close that door. 
 Ladies, I need you to look around the room. 
 Whoever is not in this room is on the table as a possible murder suspect. 
 Including those Pussycats. 
 Oh, my God, Mom... 
 Now, let's talk about your father. 
 He has an epic grudge against the Blossoms, so yes. 
 It's totally within the realm of possibility that he hired someone from jail to kill Jason. 
 Maybe Jughead's dad. 
 You really believe that? 
 My dad paid Jughead's dad to trash the drive-in. 
 - Maybe he paid him to... 
 - Commit murder. 
 And, for all we know, that gay Greaser Serpent is an accomplice. 
 And what are you basing that off of? 
 That you saw FP and Joaquin talking? 
 It didn't look like they were talking. 
 It looked like they were conspiring. 
 Conspiring about what? 
 That's what I need you to find out. 
 Either through Jughead or FP directly, without raising suspicion, of course. 
 Which is why I have prepared a seemingly innocuous list of questions. 
 I already asked Jughead, point-blank, if he thought his father had anything to do with Jason's death, and he said no. 
 And I believed him, and I still believe him. 
 Betty, you're too close to this. 
 I'm not going to insult Jughead or betray him by entertaining this. 
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a Homecoming Dance to plan. 
 Come on, Vee, let's go. 
 [SIGHS] 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 Mrs. Cooper? 
 Yes? 
 I understand why Betty doesn't want to get in the middle of this. 
 But I don't feel the same loyalty for the Jones family that she does. 
 - I'm listening. 
 - Helping you find out the truth FP will help me find out the truth about my dad. 
 And whether or not he hired FP to kill Jason. 
 What exactly are you saying, Veronica? 
 I'm saying, if you want to go after Jughead's dad, Mrs. Cooper, I'm in. 
 CHERYL:  Sorry to interrupt,  but I have an announcement to make. 
 One that tangentially involves you, Betty. 
 I'm bringing Polly to the dance as my date, and we're campaigning as co-queens of Homecoming Court. 
 - Because why? 
 - Because, Nightmare Smurfette, by all rights, it should've been Polly and Jason on that stage being crowned. 
 This is the next best thing. 
 So... Don't forget to vote, and I'll see everyone at my coronation! 
 Betty, about the Homecoming Dance, can I play a couple songs? 
 I kind of told my mom that... 
 Whoa, you don't want me to? 
 No, no it's not that, Archie, it's just, um... 
 This dance needs to be fun. 
 And your songs, as amazing as they are... 
 They make you wanna slit your wrists. 
 - In a good way. 
 - In an amazing way. 
 But no need to fret, Betty. 
 'Cause Archie asked me to sing with him, and we're thinking about doing some upbeat covers. 
 We are? 
 Aren't we? 
 Not that I'm complaining, Ronnie, but why the change of heart? 
 Because I'm hoping you'll say yes to the favor I'm about to ask you. 
 Hey, if it's gonna help you, then I'm in. 
 Remember when you heard Clifford Blossom say he put my dad in jail? 
 Well, I think my dad may have gone after Jason as payback. 
 He's very eye-for-an-eye, and I have a strong suspicion he hired Jughead's dad to do his dirty work. 
 Also, FP's done my dad's bidding before. He trashed the drive-in. 
 It's a big leap to go from vandalism to murder, Ronnie. 
 I talked it over with Mrs. Cooper. 
 - And... 
 - She's a part of this? Are you nuts? 
 She's gonna keep FP busy while we search his trailer to find anything that links FP to Jason. 
 Or, more importantly, FP to my dad. 
 We should just talk to Jughead. 
 No, what if he's protecting FP or tries to warn him? 
 He's our friend, Ronnie. 
 My dad is this close to being released, and my mom's in denial and she's ready to welcome him back with open arms. 
 Me, I'd like to know exactly who we're inviting back into our lives. 
 Look, Veronica, I really wanna help you, I do, and I definitely don't want Jughead to get hurt, but I'm telling you, FP's cleaned up his act. 
 I hope you're right about that, Archie, because if not, Jughead could get dragged into something very messy and very dangerous. 
 - Hermione, hi. 
 - Mary Andrews? 
 What... What are you doing in town? 
 Oh just a spur-of-the-moment visit. 
 I was hoping to surprise Fred with lunch. 
 Oh, he's off-site. 
 He's picking up some supplies from a vendor. 
 Yeah, he told me that you were working for him. 
 With him. 
 Yeah, he says he admires your chutzpah. 
 That's a very Fred thing to say, huh? 
 Yeah, but in this case, I agree. 
 You know, I've been following the news. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Yeah. 
 Karmic payback for being such a mean girl in high school, I suppose. 
 [SIGHS] 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 Polly, thank God, what's going on? 
 And why are you running to be Homecoming co-queen with Cheryl? 
 To keep her distracted. 
 Did you find something? 
 Not yet, but they're definitely hiding things. 
 Remember our deal, Polly,  if you don't find anything by Homecoming, it's over you're coming home. 
 I just have to get into their bedroom. 
 They protect it obsessively. 
 Well, you're not putting yourself in any danger, are you? 
 Betty, I gotta go, I'm sorry. 
 Your daily milkshake. 
 You must be famished. - Mmm-hmm. 
 What, with all the exploring you've been doing. 
 The East Wing, where Mr. Blossom and I have our sleeping quarters, is out of bounds. 
 Mr. Blossom values his privacy. You understand. 
 I'm so sorry. It won't happen again. 
 - Good. 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 Thanks. 
 Hey, you. 
 - Why didn't you tell me about the dinner? 
 - What? 
 Your mom basically tackled me in the hall to invite my dad and I over before the dance. 
 Did you not know? 
 No, no, of course, I've just, you know, got so many... 
 [CLEARS THROAT] Plates are spinning... 
 I'm a little terrified about the social experiment of it all, but I think it's good for our families to get to know each other. 
 I think it's important for us. You know? 
 Yeah. 
 I know what you're doing, Mom. 
 Whatever do you mean? 
 I'm making peach pie for our guests. 
 No, you're laying out some kind of trap for Jughead's dad. 
 On the contrary, Betty, I took what you said earlier to heart. 
 So you're not going to question Jughead or his dad about the murder then? 
 I mean, only if it happens to come up as casual dinner conversation. 
 I'm not playing this game with you, Mom. 
 And neither is Jughead, not after I tell him what you're planning here. 
 Are you sure that's a good idea, Betty? 
 When I invited Jughead, he seemed so excited. 
 Like it really meant a lot to him that our families are gonna get to know each other. 
 That's all I'm after, honey. 
 FP is innocent, Mom. 
 Jughead said so, and I trust him. 
 I'm sure the question of FP's guilt or innocence won't even come up at dinner. 
 MARY: Now, this is pretty good. 
 FRED: Oh, there he is. 
 Son, your mom and I are trying to decide between pizza and Chinese food. 
 - What do you think? 
 - Uh... We always do pizza. 
 Let me guess. Pepperoni and red pepper? 
 All right, so, Moon Palace, they still deliver. 
 - We can get, um... 
 - General Tso's chicken, scallion pancakes, vegetable dumplings, family-style. 
 [CLEARS THROAT] 
 What's wrong, son? 
 Huh? Nothing. 
 I'm just... I'm not used to coming home and seeing you guys together. 
 It's nice, but... 
 - Hello? 
 - Jughead, hey. 
 Am I interrupting a family meeting? 'Cause I can come back. 
 Absolutely not. 
 So, who's going to the dance? 
 Besides your dad and me... Oh, and Hermione, whom I invited. 
 - You did? 
 - We'll talk about it. 
 Wait, you guys are going to the dance? Together? 
 We were talking about it. 
 We both want to hear you play, if that's still happening. 
 If you're good with it. 
 Yeah, totally. I'm great with it. 
 - Good. 
 - JUGHEAD:  So the worm turns. 
 Mary and Fred. 
 A possible rekindling? 
 That would've been a Li'l Archie's pipe dream. 
 Stranger things have happened, man. 
 Like for instance, my dad shaved. 
 Which is the equivalent of tectonic plates shifting. 
 I was thinking, maybe it's time I go back and live with him again. 
 Based on the fact that he shaved? 
 Well, he also hasn't missed a day of work, and he quit drinking. 
 That's... That's great, Jughead. 
 But maybe you should wait a little bit longer just to make sure it sticks. 
 No, dude, I'm telling you, something has shifted. 
 I mean, he even asked to read my work. 
 The essays, the articles I wrote about Jason. 
 - Your dad did? 
 - Yeah. 
 And he read them. 
 Even more surprisingly, he engaged with them. 
 He asked me questions about them. 
 - What kind of questions? 
 - Like who I thought did it. 
 Your dad asked you who you thought killed Jason Blossom? 
 You repeating everything I'm saying is getting really annoying. 
 Crap l forgot. My mom likes almond milk in her coffee, and we don't have any, so... 
 I'm gonna go get some. 
 Well, you are a terrible liar, Archie. 
 Off to a late-night rendezvous with a certain raven-haired princess? 
 Relax, man, I'm just giving you a hard time. 
 [KNOCK AT DOOR] 
 Archie. 
 If this is a booty call... 
 Look, I've been thinking about what you asked me. 
 I wanna help you. 
 What prompted this return to sanity? 
 Jughead. 
 He's been hurt and let down by his dad so many times. 
 And what if FP did help your dad? 
 That's what I'm saying, what if? 
 But, Veronica... 
 Jughead can never find out. 
 And neither can Betty. 
 Oh, Pollikins, it's much more fun being friends than mortal enemies. 
 And I'm glad we're honoring Jay-Jay's legacy together. 
 This color totally pops on you. 
 Okay, so I was thinking. 
 The theme for the dance is “Blast from the Past,” right? 
 So, I say, we go retro and borrow some of your mom's vintage bling for the night. 
 Ooh, you're naughty, Polly. 
 My mom and dad would fah-reak if they knew we were in here. 
 So let's take our sweet time. 
 How many wigs does your father have? 
 One for every mood. 
 Legend has it that Clifford's hair turned white overnight. 
 Supposedly, he saw the ghost of Grandpappy Blossom with his throat slit. 
 Now, me, I love a silver fox, but we Blossoms live and die by our red curls. 
 My father tried dying it once, but... 
 But what? 
 What is that? What did you find? 
 My nana's ring... 
 Which she gave to Jason. 
 He... He proposed to me with that ring. 
 So how does your mother have it? 
 I... 
 Hands off, Gollum. 
 The only way your mom could have that ring is if she or your dad got it from Jason, and he wouldn't have given it up. 
 Not over his dead body. 
 [GASPS] 
 Polly... 
 You are carrying precious cargo, but if you think for one second that those babies guarantee your safety, you're in for a rude awakening. 
 JUGHEAD: Super-delicious, Mrs. C. 
 Sure is, Alice. 
 Been a long time since I ate something that didn't come in a combo meal or a snack pack. 
 - So, FP... 
 - Mmm. 
 Betty tells me that you're working for Fred Andrews now. 
 How do you balance that with all of your other responsibilities? 
 You mean like being a father? 
 - And being a part of the Southside community. 
 - Mom. 
 You can say “Southside Serpent,” Alice. I'm not ashamed. 
 And it's not just me, there's a bunch of us working on Fred's site. 
 So, if you don't mind me asking, I mean, I'm just curious, how did you make your living before that? 
 I scraped by. Odd jobs. 
 I know that you worked for the drive-in, Jughead, before it was closed. 
 Did you find work there, too, FP? 
 - Dad. 
 - Well, hung out a bit. 
 What can I say? I'm a movie buff. 
 [LAUGHS] 
 So, tell me, were you upset when Hiram Lodge bought the drive-in land? 
 Stuff happens. 
 Let me rephrase that question. Were you surprised? 
 - [DOORBELL RINGS] 
 - I'll get it. 
 - Hi. 
 - Hey. 
 Right this way. 
 I thought you said she wanted me to be here. 
 She does. 
 I mean, it is Homecoming after all. 
 And our families should be coming together. 
 Right, Mom? 
 It's the same as when we were kids. 
 You start in the bedroom, I'll start in here. 
 You wanted an explanation. 
 The last time Clifford saw Jason was the day my son washed his hands of our family. 
 Jason wanted nothing more to do with the Blossom name, nor our lineage. 
 Including the ring, which he threw in Clifford's face as his final rebuke. 
 Clifford then gave the ring to me for safekeeping. 
 I... I thought the ring had been lost... 
 Nothing's lost forever. 
 Everything comes back. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Now. Unless you have any more questions, I'll leave you to finish getting ready for the dance. 
 And drink up, dear. Before it melts. 
 I'm hoping maybe you have some vacancies down at Sunnyside. 
 You see, I've been sleeping in my office down at the paper, and it's just getting a little chilly at night. 
 I bet your office beats the trailer park. 
 [LAUGHS] I wouldn't be so sure. 
 You see, Alice here, she's been redecorating the  Register. 
 The other day, she threw a brick through the window. 
 - Is that so? 
 - Keep talking, Hal, and the next brick I throw may not be at a window. 
 You remember our Homecoming, Alice? 
 Hal? Back in the day? 
 Castles in the Clouds? 
 Your mom ever tell you about that night? 
 Just that she and my dad were king and queen. 
 Yeah, they were. Of hell. 
 - Dad, please. 
 - No, this is a fun story, I promise. 
 Fred and me, we were all set to play at the dance. 
 I was backstage, dropping off our gear when I heard these voices yelling. 
 It was your mom and dad. 
 They were fighting about... 
 About I don't know what. 
 But it sounded like life or death. 
 Shut up, FP. 
 Happy to oblige if you are. 
 I don't care what you think of me, Alice, but don't jerk me around. 
 Not in front of my son. 
 This was such a nice idea, Mom, but I think it's time that we get to the dance. 
 So, is it okay if we skip the peach pie? 
 CHERYL: What did you give her? 
 Polly was so agitated, I gave her an all-natural relaxer. 
 Nothing to hurt the babies, but she will sleep like a lamb till morning. 
 Was that story true? 
 About how you got the ring back? 
 Every word of it. 
 You know, your brother rejected us, our way of life, our business, everything. 
 And after I had groomed him to take over the empire. 
 When really, I should have been nurturing you. 
 Jason never had the stomach for any of it. 
 But you... 
 You're a Blossom, through and through. 
 Okay. 
 One more thing before you go to the dance. 
 Nana Blossom's ring... 
 It's not in my jewelry box, it's not with Polly. 
 Where is it? 
 It wasn't my fault, it was Polly's. 
 She lunged at me, trying to get it, I didn't know what to do. 
 I panicked. 
 I thought it would be better for everyone 
 if the ring were just gone. 
 Down the drain. 
 That way, if Polly ever said anything to anyone,  there'd be no proof. Just her word against ours. 
 Did I do something wrong? 
 No... 
 It's quite right what you did. 
 Look, I checked everywhere. Twice. 
 But there's nothing weird or dangerous-looking. 
 Same out here, just tumbleweeds and dust bunnies, that's it. 
 - We need to keep looking. 
 - Veronica. 
 - Somewhere, there's something that proves it. 
 - What? 
 What are we even looking for, Ronnie? 
 A signed contract between Jughead's dad and yours? 
 I doubt they're that stupid... 
 We'll switch... I'll take the bedroom this time. 
 You wanted to see if we would find anything incriminating, and we didn't. 
 Then we'll look somewhere else. 
 Outside or under the trailer. 
 Veronica, what do you want? 
 Do you want your dad to be guilty? 
 I want to know, Archie. 
 One way or the other, I need to be sure. 
 We can keep looking forever, Ronnie, and never find anything. 
 Then what about when he comes home? 
 I'm not sure. 
 But I'll be right there, next to you, doing what I can to help. If you'll let me. 
 And maybe I'm wrong, but not finding anything tonight feels like a win. 
 A major win for the home team. 
 - What? 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 Just... 
 "Yea, though I walk through the Valley of Darkness, and Archie Andrews is there with a smile and a sports metaphor." 
 [CELL PHONE BUZZING] 
 It's Mrs. Cooper. 
 We need to go, right now. 
 FP could be on his way home, let's go. 
 [MUSIC PLAYING] 
 You be a gentleman tonight, okay? 
 He always is, Mr. Jones. 
 Betty, would you mind giving us just a minute? 
 No, of course. Take your time. Thank you. 
 What's up? 
 Look, I've been thinking. 
 I mean, if it's all right with you... 
 I could come back. 
 And I could... I could come back home. 
 I'll do you one better. 
 It's time the whole family gets back together. 
 Us, your mom, Jellybean. 
 They've got a sweet set-up in Toledo, there's decent work there... 
 - In Toledo? 
 Well, why not Riverdale? 
 'Cause of dinners like we just had. 
 And what you're writing about in your book. 
 And hell, you know what happens to people like us in Riverdale, Jug. 
 We get chewed up. 
 [POP SONG PLAYING] 
 Well, it's not the Met Ball, but... 
 Thanks for letting me tag along, Fred. 
 It was Mary's idea. 
 Always like to have a beautiful woman on my arm. 
 Tonight, I have two. 
 Meanwhile, I'm having major deja vu. 
 Remember when this was our lives? 
 The best of times... 
 Betty, tonight after the dance, I'd like to talk to you about something. 
 It has to do with my dad. 
 Is everything okay? 
 Yeah... 
 Actually, things are great. 
 Better than they've been in a while. 
 I just kind of wanna figure something out together. 
 Mmm-hmm. 
 Oh, God... 
 Will you be okay alone here for a second? 
 I think I should be fine. 
 I'll be right back. 
 Cheryl? Hey. Where's Polly? 
 She's fine. 
 She sugar-crashed and canceled at the last minute, leaving me high and dry, which is why I'm never doing anything nice for anyone ever again. 
 Excuse me. 
 Well, well, well... Mary Andrews. 
 Well, well, well... Alice Cooper. 
 Saw you swanning in earlier with Fred and Hermione. 
 I didn't realize that you were a polyamorist. 
 I don't think that's an actual word. 
 - It's a compliment, Mary. 
 - Huh. 
 I couldnul be seen in the same room with those two. 
 Not after all their monkey business. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Oh... 
 Oh... Did you not know? 
 You have been playing the same game since junior high and it was tired even back then. 
 Fred is a big boy, he can do as he pleases. 
 I came here tonight to have fun with both of my dates. 
 So, if you have a problem with that... 
 - [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 - [GASPS] 
 I have to take this. 
 [DANCE MUSIC PLAYING] 
 Hey, Kev... 
 Have you seen Archie and Veronica? 
 Oh, never mind, I see them. 
 What the hell? 
 There you are, Ms. Cooper. 
 Mayor McCoy would like to review the evening's itinerary with you. 
 What can I do for you, Mayor McCoy? 
 Well, firstly, I was wondering... 
 [CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY] 
 - Would you walk me up? 
 - I'm sorry. What? 
 To the stage? 
 Oh... 
 Actually, Principal Weatherbee, will you do the honors? 
 I have to... Go. 
 Excuse me. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Where were you guys? 
 We stopped... We stopped at Pop's. 
 And what were you just talking to my mom about? 
 - Betty... 
 - Guys, can we table this? 
 We gotta get ready. 
 Come on. 
 MAYOR MCCOY:  Friends, students and alumni. 
 I hope you brought your dancing shoes. 
 Please join me in welcoming to the stage Riverdale High's very own Archie Andrews and Veronica Lodge! 
 [CHEERING AND APPLAUDING] 
 
 
 
 ♪ Looking out a dirty old window ♪ 
 ♪ Down below the cars in the city go rushing by ♪ 
 ♪ I sit here alone and I wonder why ♪ 
 ♪ Friday night and everyone's moving ♪ 
 ♪ I can feel the heat, but it's soothing ♪ 
 ♪ Heading down ♪ 
 ♪ I search for the beat in this dirty town ♪ 
 ♪ Downtown the young ones are going ♪ 
 I got a warrant to search the premises. 
 Be my guest. I got nothing to hide. 
 ♪ We're the kids in America whoa-oh ♪ 
 ♪ We're the kids in America whoa-oh ♪ 
 ♪ Everybody live for the music-go-round ♪ 
 ♪ Bright lights the music gets faster ♪ 
 ♪ Look boy, don't check on your watch ♪ 
 ♪ Not another glance ♪ 
 ♪ I'm not leaving now, honey, not a chance ♪ 
 ♪ Hotshot, give me no problems ♪ 
 ♪ Much later, baby, you'll be saying never mind ♪ 
 ♪ You know life is cruel Life is never kind ♪ 
 ♪ Kind hearts don't make a new story ♪ 
 ♪ Kind hearts don't grab any glory ♪ 
 ♪ We're the kids in America whoa-oh ♪ 
 ♪ Everybody live for the music-go-round ♪ 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 [CROWD CHEERING] 
 ♪ Come closer, honey, that's better ♪ 
 ♪ Got to get a brand-new experience ♪ 
 ♪ Feeling right ♪ 
 ♪ Oh, don't try to stop, baby ♪ 
 ♪ Hold me tight ♪ 
 ♪ Outside a new day is dawning ♪ 
 ♪ Outside suburbia's sprawling everywhere ♪ 
 ♪ I don't want to go, baby ♪ 
 ♪ New York to East California ♪ 
 ♪ There's a new wave coming, I warn you ♪ 
 ♪ We're the kids in America whoa-oh ♪ 
 ♪ We're the kids in America whoa-oh ♪ 
 ♪ Everybody live for the music-go-round ♪ 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 You want to explain this? 
 ♪ La, la, la, la, la ♪ 
 So, Archie and Veronica are... 
 We haven't exactly had the conversation, but the Magic  -Ball says, "Yes." 
 You Andrews men are such players. 
 [LAUGHING] 
 This is the first time I've brought a boyfriend to one of these things. 
 This is the first time I've really had a boyfriend. 
 Mostly it's been hook-ups with closeted guys. 
 Hey, guys, sorry to interrupt. 
 Have you seen Betty anywhere? 
 You all need tracking devices. 
 I think she was headed out to the hall with Veronica and maybe Archie. 
 Thanks. 
 Before you get mad, let me explain. 
 Explain what? 
 That you're working with my mom behind my back? 
 I'm sorry, Bee, but you know FP had some kind of arrangement with my dad. 
 I had to make sure it wasn't about Jason Blossom. 
 And what's your excuse? 
 I was looking out for Jughead in case FP was doing shady stuff. 
 - To protect him. 
 - Blame me, Betty. 
 I asked Archie to help me. 
 Help you do what? What did you two do? 
 JUGHEAD: Guys... Betty... 
 [SIGHS] 
 What's going on? 
 Why do I feel like I'm suddenly left out? 
 Do you want to tell him or should I? 
 Tell me what? 
 We went to your dad's trailer to... 
 To search it, Jughead. 
 - Why would you guys do that? 
 - My mom put them up to it. 
 She was convinced he was hiding something about Jason. 
 We were wrong. All of us. 
 We didn't find anything. 
 And Jug, we were only doing it to prove that... 
 That my dad wasn't a murderer? 
 - You went behind my back, Archie? 
 - Jug... 
 How did you... 
 When did you guys know to go to my dad's trailer? 
 We knew he'd be at dinner with... 
 [SIGHS] 
 No... 
 That's why your mom invited my dad and I to dinner? 
 So these two could break into my his trailer while she interrogated him? 
 No, I didn't know what they were doing. 
 But yes, that is why she invited you guys. 
 To think I was gonna pass on moving to Toledo with my family for you. 
 What? 
 When we went to my dad's trailer, you asked me if I believed him. 
 I said I did. 
 - Wasn't that good enough for you? 
 - It was. It was good enough. 
 I didn't... I tried to stop her. 
 You could've told me, you could've warned me about this. 
 You were so excited, Jug, I didn't want to disappoint you. 
 So instead you lied? 
 - You all lied to me? 
 - KEVIN: There they are. 
 - Betty. Thank God... 
 - Mom, don't... 
 No, you have to listen. All of you. 
 My dad just told Mayor McCoy about your dad, Jughead. 
 What about my dad? 
 He was just arrested. 
 For the murder of Jason Blossom. 
 I'm not a perfect father, Jughead, no getting around that, but... 
 I'm no killer. 
 Kevin said someone tipped off his dad, was it you? 
 - I was at the dance, Betty... 
 - Answer the damn question, Mom. 
 And don't lie. 
 Was it you? 
 It was not. 
 But I'm glad that you're safe. 
 And as much as I like Jughead, I am so glad that you are done with that family. 
 ”Done”? 
 I love Jughead. 
 He's as much my family as you are, more so right now. 
 You are not going anywhere, young lady. 
 I am going to look for Jughead. 
 Do not push me tonight, Mom, because I will push back. 
 If FP confesses, he might drag us into this. 
 Talk about our dealings with the Serpents. 
 But at least we'll know if Dad hired him to... 
 And if he did? 
 And you can't pretend otherwise? 
 We'll cut all ties with him. 
 He'll be dead to us. 
 We may not be able to walk away so easily. 
 MARY: FP has always had his demons. 
 I really thought he'd changed, Mom, I... 
 It's very hard for people to change, Archie. 
 You know, after I heard you play and before everything happened, I was going to ask you to come to Chicago with me. 
 To stay. 
 You could study music. 
 I'm not even thinking about that right now, Mom. 
 No, I know, I know. 
 It's just, I want you with me. 
 I don't think that this town is safe anymore. 
 I feel like Riverdale is getting ready to slide off of a mountainside, and I don't want you anywhere around when that happens. 
 Just promise me you'll at least think about it. 
 Yeah, I will. 
 [ROCK SONG PLAYING] 
 [SOBBING] That b*st*rd killed my baby. 
 He killed my Jason. 
 I want him dead for what he did. 
 - You have my word, darling. 
 - [SOBBING] 
 You have my word. 
 [SONG CONTINUES] 
 Pop... Jughead hasn't been by, has he? 
 Nope. You're not the only one who's come looking for him. 
 Betty... 
 - Thank goodness. 
 - We were gonna call you. 
 I'm not talking to you, either of you, ever again. 
 It's about Jughead. 
 Kevin called me. And he said his dad found a gun, the gun that killed Jason, in a lockbox in FP's closet. 
 But Betty, we searched FP's trailer. 
 We looked through that closet. 
 And there was no lockbox. 
 Someone put it there after we left. 
 He's being framed. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 