Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x05 - Chapter Eighteen: When A Stranger Calls - Riverdale 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x05 - Chapter Eighteen: When A Stranger Calls https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=819&t=31349 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/18/18 11:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x05 - Chapter Eighteen: When A Stranger Calls 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on  Riverdale... 
 You wanna get through this, you should hang with the serpents. 
 [SWEET PEA]  You really think   you can come to my house   and there won't be any pay back? 
 I'm wondering when you're actually gonna address the real problem in Riverdale,  the Southside. 
 [FRED]  We need to be united. 
 If we let the fear take over, that's when we're dead. 
 I want a more active role in Lodge industries. 
 Of course, you're a Lodge after all. 
 Everybody needs to leave right now! 
 - The Black Hood's coming here. 
 - [FIRE ALARM RINGING] 
 This is from The Black Hood. 
 He says he's doing it for me. 
 [CELL PHONE RINGS] 
 - Hello. 
 - [BLACK HOOD]  Hello, Betty. 
 This is the Black Hood speaking. 
 How... 
 How do I know this is real? 
 "I will strike next where it all began." 
 Were you there? 
 At the Town Hall? 
 Oh, yes. 
 But you didn't hurt anyone? 
 Tonight was all about you. 
 What do you want? 
 The same as you: to set Riverdale on the righteous path again. 
 To cleanse it of sinners... 
 Isn't that what you want? 
 Not by killing people. 
 Only the ones who deserve it. 
 People like... your sister. 
 I know all about the sin she carries in her womb. 
 I also know she's at a farm, two hours North. 
 If you try to warn her, I'll know. 
 If you tell the police we've spoken or your mystery-loving boyfriend I'll carve her like a Jack O'Lantern. 
 Please, don't hurt her. 
 Who are you talking to? It's late. 
 Then don't you deny me, Betty. 
 It was Jughead, wasn't it? 
 Yeah. 
 You know, I gave him the benefit of the doubt, but now that he's living on the Southside amongst those criminals and degenerates, he's showing his true colors. 
 No doubt, inspiring that stunt of yours at Town Hall. 
 Pulling the fire alarm? 
 I didn't know what else to do. 
 Given the letter that the Black Hood sent me. 
 If he even wrote it. 
 Sheriff Keller said something seems off. 
 He's gonna have it analyzed, along with the one that I got. 
 In the meantime, I want you home straight after school Are we clear? 
 - Yeah. Sorry, Mom. 
 [ARCHIE] I did what Weatherbee asked. Wrote an apology letter, and posted a new video, apologizing some more. 
 So this Red Circle business, it's over, I'm happy to hear it. 
 I'm missing my son. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 [CELL PHONE CHIMES] 
 _ 
 I need to tell you something, Arch, but you can't tell anyone else. 
 Not Veronica, not Jughead not your dad, no one. Promise me. 
 Yeah, sure. I promise. 
 The Black Hood called me. 
 - What? 
 - Keep walking. 
 Wait, the Black Hood called you? 
 Yes. It's risky for me to even be telling you. 
 But we're best friends and we live right next door to each other So us walking to school together, would look perfectly normal to anyone who might be watching. 
 Including him. 
 You think he's watching us? 
 I don't know, he could be. 
 I know it sounds crazy, but it was him. 
 Betty, you have to tell the police. Even if it's not him. 
 It is him. 
 And he told me if I went to the police, or if I told Jughead, he'd... 
 [INHALES DEEPLY] 
 God, he knows where Polly is, Arch. 
 If he calls me again, I have to answer. 
 I'm not letting you go through this alone. 
 "This most recent incident confirms that the real threat is not the Black Hood, but the Southside and its corruptive forces. 
 Developer and ex-con Hiram Lodge boasts that his SoDale project will revitalize the forsaken neighborhood, But this reporter speculates Hiram Lodge doesn't want to fix our problems, merely profit from them." 
 And right before our Open House. Thank you, Alice Cooper. 
 We can't let anything derail the project. 
 Not Alice, not the Southside gangs, not some hooded psychopath. 
 Okay, but right now, our biggest problem is capital. 
 We're running out of it and fast. 
 I've invited potential investors to the Open House. 
 The St. Clairs are coming up from New York. 
 Wait. They are? 
 Nicky included? I haven't seen Nicky in forever! 
 Yeah. He's a budding music producer, now. 
 And his father is King Midas rich. 
 We get him to invest, others will follow. 
 You wanted a seat at the table? 
 Nick has his father's ear. 
 Help us close this. 
 Show him all the good things Riverdale has to offer. 
 With pleasure. 
 [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
 Nice article your girlfriend's Mom wrote. 
 Yeah, I saw that. 
 Dilton Doiley said he was stabbed when a bunch of you guys jumped him. 
 Idiot stabbed himself. 
 With his own knife. 
 [SWEET PEA] And we didn't jump him, there was a fight, Bulldogs versus Serpents, and you see this? 
 Your boy Andrews gave it to me. 
 Just before his girlfriend shot a gun into the air. 
 What happened? 
 And of course, Northsiders get off scot-free, and the rest of us are hauled in by the police. 
 It's payback time. 
 What are you guys talking about? 
 [SWEET PEA] This. 
 [JUGHEAD] What is that? 
 Is that a pipebomb? 
 [SWEET PEA] Fogarty's cousin served in the Army. 
 He's gonna build us something. 
 We'll do it after hours, but it'll shut the Riverdale register down once and for all. 
 You think blowing up a building is going to make things better? 
 Can't get any worse Yeah, Sweet Pea, it can. 
 Let me talk to Archie. Let me figure this out. Okay? 
 Man, that's your answer for everything. 
 Talk and more talk. And we don't even know who you stand with. 
 Us? Or them? 
 You can't be half a Serpent. 
 Great. So Archie started World War III. 
 Northside has been dumping on us for years. 
 Your dad tried to keep the peace, avoid bloodshed. 
 Now that he's gone, idiots like Sweet Pea think there's only one path and one solution. 
 Violence. 
 Nick and I were the "will they or won't they?" of our jet set He's an outrageous flirt, but we never dated. 
 We'd hop from club to club, go on these madcap adventures, stay up all night... 
 - Who's this now? 
 Oh, Archiekins, don't be jelly, it's just a ghost from my bad girl past, Nick St. Clair, breezing into town for the Open House. 
 You have nothing to worry about. 
 I thin this Northsider's lost. 
 I'm not. 
 I'm over being half a Serpent. 
 Wow. You will do anything to protect your Northside buddies. 
 My father was a Serpent. He led you. 
 I wanna stand with you guys. 
 Tall Boy was the one who gave me this jacket. 
 It's finally time I start wearing it. 
 So, now you wanna be a Serpent, huh? 
 Let's see if you survive the initiation first. 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 "Unknown." 
 Hello? 
 [BLACK HOOD]  Your mother's at work. 
 Yes, she and my dad are... 
 I know, I'm looking at them through a nice, big picture window. 
 Are you alone? 
 I am. 
 She's a thorn in both of our sides, your mother. 
 We can't have her looming over us. 
 Wait. If you're suggesting... 
 Check your email. 
 Publish what I've sent. And then I'll know that you're loyal. 
 I want something in return. 
 To prove your loyalty. 
 How about... 
 You do this for me. And then you get to ask me a question. 
 And I have to answer it. 
 You have until tomorrow night. 
 [CELL PHONE BEEPS] 
 [ARCHIE]  Oh, my God. Is that... 
 It's my mom. 
 What the hell? 
 [SWEET PEA]  Your initiation begins now. 
 With you assuming the guardianship of the beast. 
 - [PANTING] 
 - You've gotta be kidding me. 
 [TONI]  So, what do you think of the beast? 
 He stinks and he barks all the time. 
 He's got no boundaries. 
 Every new recruit has to take care of Hot Dog. It's tradition. 
 By the way, this is our third Hot Dog. 
 Oh, Hot Dog the third? 
 This is getting borderline ridiculous. 
 Kind of like Forsyth the third? 
 [BOTH CHUCKLE] 
 My mom went after the Black Hood hard, so it's no surprise he wants to humiliate her. 
 We can't do it, Arch. It would destroy her credibility. 
 Yeah. And build yours with the Black Hood. 
 Anyway, what credibility? Your mom's always going after our friends. 
 It would blindside her. We can't publish it. 
 [VERONICA] Mr. and Mrs. St. Clair. 
 Nicholas. On behalf of my mother and father, welcome to Riverdale. 
 While you're in town, think of me as your "corporate concierge." 
 Anything you need, ask away. 
 How about a better hotel, to start? [CHUCKLES] 
 Now, now, Nicholas. 
 It's not the Waldorf, nor the Plaza, but, The Five Seasons, like all of Riverdale, it has its charms. 
 One charm. Veronica Lodge, as lovely as ever. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 We sent the letters to two different specialists but the handwriting wasn't a match. 
 So whoever wrote your letter was either a copycat, or pranking you, or... 
 Or something much more banal like a teenager acting out to get attention. 
 What? You think I wrote it? 
 The cipher was cribbed from a Nancy Drew book of all places. 
 Mom, what possible reason could I have for making this up? 
 I don't know, Betty. Maybe you and your Serpent boyfriend cooked this up because you guys were bored. 
 Okay. We're not gonna rule anything out yet, at least not till we know who we're dealing with. 
 [GRUNTING] 
 [CELL PHONE CHIMES] 
 [JUGHEAD]  "A serpent never shows cowardice." 
 "If a Serpent's killed or imprisoned, their family will be taken care of." 
 Serpents... 
 [SIGHS] 
 Come on, focus. You need to take this seriously. 
 Okay, I am, Toni, I swear to God I am, just... 
 First the Beast, and now these laws. 
 Why the change of heart, anyway? 
 Why go from conscientious objector to full-fledged member? 
 'Cause of something you said... 
 My dad was the only person that was keeping idiots like Sweet Pea in line. 
 Someone needs to step up. 
 To keep an all-out war from erupting. 
 I am taking this seriously, Toni. 
 So from the top. 
 [MAN SCREAMING] What is the fourth law? 
 - [INDISTINCT YELLING] 
 - "No serpent is left for dead." 
 What is the fifth law? 
 "A serpent never betrays its own." 
 What is the sixth? 
 "In unity, there is strength." 
 [ALL] In unity, there is strength! 
 You know the laws. 
 Now it's time for the next trial. 
 [HISSING] 
 Retrieve the knife. 
 What? 
 [JUGHEAD]  Rattlesnake, Toni. 
 The rattle snake bit me and drew blood. 
 One that had its venom glands removed. 
 The important thing is you showed no fear. 
 You grabbed the knife and you remembered all the laws. 
 Which means you're almost a Serpant now, Juggie. 
 [SONG PLAYING OVER RADIO] 
 [SIGHS] My regular, Pop. Thanks. 
 I don't judge you, Alice. It was years ago. 
 What the hell are you talking about? 
 [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
 Who gave you this article? 
 Because I know I ripped it out of every public archive. 
 Maybe it was one of the thousands of Southsiders you attack in your paper daily. 
 I mean, really, Mom, you talk trash about FP, about Jughead, about the Serpents when you yourself were one. 
 Why would you publish that? 
 Revenge, plain and simple. 
 No, Mom. Not revenge. 
 [INHALES DEEPLY] 
 Justice. [SIGHS] 
 Against you and your holier-than-thou attitude. 
 Betty, that is enough. 
 I'm so glad you two are getting this chance to meet. 
 Although, your brown-nosing at dinner was over the top. 
 [SIGHS] How dare you? I love your mother's flan. 
 Although, I still have room for more dessert. 
 Here. 
 No, thank you. I'm full. 
 Veronica Lodge turning down a bump. 
 What a brave new world it is. 
 How about it, Big Red? 
 [SNORTS] So, what is it that you country mice do for fun up here? 
 Catch lightning bugs in mason jars? 
 - No, we... 
 - Basically. 
 Ronnie, what kind of kink is this? 
 I wear them when I'm plm ing with Josie and the Pussycats. 
 - You're in a band? 
 - Mmm-hmm. 
 Called the Pussycats? 
 Just when I thought you couldn't possibly get any sexier. 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 Hello? 
 [BLACK HOOD]  How did it feel, Betty? 
 Knocking your mother of her high horse? 
 We had a deal. 
 What's your question? 
 And it can't be my name. 
 [BREATHES HEAVILY] 
 The face under the hood... 
 Would I recognize it? 
 Yes. 
 Do you feel closer to me now? 
 I do. I feel as if we're friends. 
 But I'm selfish, Betty. I don't like sharing you with other people. 
 So I need you to cut them out of your life,   or I will, my way. 
 Let's start with that daughter of a philanderer,   and an embezzler, complicit in her father's crimes... 
 Veronica's not... 
 She's innocent. 
 Oh, Betty,   you don't really believe that. 
 [CHUCKLES] Betty Cooper. 
 You are a sight for sore eyes. 
 Thanks for coming to meet me. 
 God, I've missed you, I just... 
 I'm feeling... I don't know... 
 Unmoored. 
 Me, too. 
 I just wanted to make sure you were still alive. 
 What do you mean? 
 That expose that you published about your mom, that article. 
 Oh, um... 
 That's a long story, but yeah, pretty intense. 
 What happened to your hand? 
 I'm dogsitting. 
 You remember Hot Dog, that mutt? 
 Don't worry, he's got the shots. 
 I wish we could just go. 
 Just hop on the motorcycle and just leave Riverdale. 
 Go someplace where there's no Northside, or Southside, or Serpents, Ghoulies... 
 No... 
 [CHUCKLES] Crazy moms, no Black Hoods. 
 Like Romeo and Juliet, but we live happily ever after instead. 
 [APPLAUDING] 
 You Pussycats are pearls before the swine of Riverdale. 
 You all have to come to the party I'm hosting tonight in your honor. 
 Let's say ten o'clock, my hotel room at the Five Seasons. 
 - [CHUCKLES] 
 - Did somebody say party? 
 Hi, there. 
 I'm Riverdale's Resident It Girl, Cheryl Blossom. 
 You must be Veronica's old school chum I keep hearing about Nick St. Clair. 
 Now that's a name I can get behind. 
 Ten o'clock, you said? 
 I'll be there at   :  . 
 Betty. 
 What's up? 
 I uh... I went by your house this morning, to walk you to school, but your mom said you'd already left. 
 Did he call you again? 
 No, he didn't. 
 [VERONICA] Betty... 
 My old friend Nick here is having a little soiree at his hotel tonight. Will you come? 
 Betty's my bestie and the best. 
 I won't take no for an answer. 
 I wouldn't miss it. 
 [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING] 
 And then, we walk into the Gilded Lily, and there's Gal! Again! 
 - [CHUCKLING] 
 - "Gal"? 
 Gadot. Keep up, Archie. 
 Archiekins. A refill,  s'il vous plait? 
 [NICK] Forget the teetotaling. 
 Let's move on to something with a little more kick. 
 - Is that... 
 - Jinglejangle? Why, yes. It is. 
 - I hooked him up. 
 - Tasters? Who's up first? 
 Dude, we told you, we're not... 
 Archie, don't take this the wrong way, but you are an epic buzzkill. 
 Come on, Vee. 
 Like back in the day. 
 Aren't you supposed to be showing me a good time? 
 Per Daddy's orders? 
 Down, Nicky, I'm just getting going. 
 And now that you mention it, I, in fact, wouldn't mind a little sugar to spice up this party. 
 [NICK CHUCKLES] 
 [VERONICA] What? Every other night it's burgers and milkshakes. 
 Can't we just cut loose and pretend we're normal, for once? 
 - I'm in. 
 - Me, too. 
 Kevin? 
 [NICK] Pussycats, care to partake? 
 - Betty? 
 - No, thanks. 
 - Come on, it'll be fun. 
 - I said no, Vee. 
 Okay, relax, Betty, this is strictly voluntary. 
 Perhaps we should decamp to the bedroom, so as not to corrupt the country mice. 
 You know what? I changed my mind. I'm in. 
 Bravo, Archie Andrews! 
 There's that good, strong Riverdale stock I've been jonesing for! 
 [CHUCKLES] 
 [UPBEAT SONG PLAYING] 
 Come on, Betty, don't be such a wallflower! 
 You're boyfriendless for a night! Have some fun! 
 Like you, you mean? 
 I was gonna say you're making a fool of yourself. 
 Acting like some privileged, shallow, airhead party girl. 
 [CHUCKLES] Excuse me? 
 Yeah. 
 I mean, it's all recycled banter and plunging necklines and throwing shade to distract us all from the fact that there's really nothing going on underneath... 
 - Betty, what the hell are you saying? 
 - What we're all thinking. 
 That the only reason Veronica hangs out with us is circumstance. 
 She's not our friend. 
 The minute someone from her trashy past shows up, she starts using us for drugs or music or distraction, and why should we be surprised? 
 Like father, like daughter, right? 
 You better shut it down, Betty. 
 Or what, Veronica? 
 You'll have your dad put a hit on me? 
 Or maybe you'll do it yourself, because you may have fooled all of them, but not me. 
 Try to reform all you want, but you're a bad person, Veronica. 
 You'll always be a bad person. 
 Why don't you just go, then, if I'm such a monster? 
 - Veronica... 
 - I'm fine. 
 Obviously, she's not. 
 What? You wanna go after her, be my guest. 
 But I'll be damned if I'm chasing Betty down after that... 
 Whatever it was. 
 In fact, Reggie? 
 Turn the music up, will you? 
 What's up? 
 Jughead, I, um... 
 I came to warn you, I guess. 
 If you're having second thoughts, now would be the time to back out because the final trial, is on a whole other level. 
 "The Gauntlet", you mean? 
 If it's anything like the Beast, I think I'll be fine. 
 It's whatever. 
 No, Jughead, it's not "whatever." 
 You join us, you gotta be willing to die for us. 
 Because we will for you. 
 And your Northside friends? Your girlfriend? 
 You're gonna look up one day, and they're all gonna be gone, because that's what happens when you join a gang. 
 The Serpents are no exception. 
 Consider me warned, thank you, Toni. 
 Never has one of my parties fizzled out so spectacularly. 
 I don't know what got into Betty. 
 She's my best friend, believe it or not. 
 Those things that she said, you're not a bad person, Veronica. 
 In fact, you're incredible. 
 You're smart, vivacious. 
 You're sexy. 
 Nick, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression. 
 - I'm with Archie. 
 - Oh, come on, Vee. 
 You barely looked at that hayseed yokel all night. 
 You were all over me. 
 Nick, we're friends, we're old friends. 
 Nick, I mean it, stop! 
 Same old Veronica, huh? 
 You flirt and you tease, but in the end, you think you're better than me. 
 You're a pig. 
 With the power to implode this pathetic deal your criminal father's 
 so desperately trying to make happen. 
 So unless you want that to go away, I'd be thinking of ways you might start showing me some appreciation. 
 If you need help, I can suggest a couple... 
 [SIGHS] 
 [SIGHING] 
 [CELL PHONE RINGING] 
 [SNIFFLES] 
 I did it. 
 But now I want my question, what will make you stop? 
 - [BLACK HOOD]  You. 
 As long as you continue showing me your devotion. 
 I can't keep doing this... 
 I'm sure you can. 
 Jughead. 
 -  The son of a Serpent. 
 - [SOBS] No. 
 He's not worthy of your love. 
 Cut him out of your life... 
 Or I will. 
 What the hell was that last night? 
 - Betty... 
 - I lied to you. 
 When you asked me if the Black Hood had called again. He did. 
 
 
 
 [BETTY SIGHS HEAVILY] 
 And he told me to cut Veronica out of my life or he'd... 
 And now he wants me to do the same with Jughead... 
 Betty, why didn't you tell me? 
 Because I knew you'd try to talk me out of it. 
 You're right. 
 - It's my mistake. 
 - [DIALING] 
 Archie, put the phone down! Put the phone down! 
 Listen to me. 
 He hasn't attacked or killed anyone since we started talking. 
 I think this is distracting him. 
 Betty, he's torturing you. 
 Making you hurt your mom, Veronica and now Jughead? 
 How are you gonna put him and yourself through that? 
 [SNIFFLES] 
 I was hoping maybe you would do it. 
 What? 
 Maybe you could tell him that we just need to stay away from each other for a while. 
 Something, anything, to just keep him away... 
 To appease the Black Hood. 
 - Betty. 
 - It doesn't have to be cruel, Archie, just enough to make Jug believe it. 
 We can walk it back later. 
 You mean, you hope we can. 
 No. We can. 
 And we will. 
 Please, Archie. 
 Don't quit on me now. 
 - [LIGHT MUSIC PLAYING] 
 - [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
 Hey, so great to see you. 
 - Thank you for coming. 
 - Glad to see you. 
 Oh, well, if this turnout doesn't convince the St. Clairs to invest, I don't know what will. 
 Hey, mija.  How'd it go with Nick? 
 Why, did he say something? 
 No, we haven't seen him. 
 But from all reports, your charm offensive is paying off. Good work. 
 Oh, there's Nick now. 
 Oh, looks like we're running low on canapes. 
 Excuse me while I go quietly yell at the caterer. 
 [HERMIONE] And I have a partner to wrangle. 
 Yeah. 
 The whole point of this Open House is to socialize. 
 [SIGHS] Figured I'd leave that to the pros. 
 You're not without your charms, Fred Andrews. 
 We're glad you're back at work. 
 We, huh? 
 Hiram Lodge. It's been a long time, buddy. 
 Yeah. Glad you could make it. 
 - Hey, my pleasure. 
 - Where's Alice? 
 Well, between us, that mugshot took a toll on her. 
 So we both decided, it'd be better if I covered the event alone. 
 Well, we'd love to have you standing with us up on that stage. 
 I mean, hell, you built it. 
 That's true. 
 Oh, my God! 
 ♪ Thunder, thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thunder, thun... Thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thun-thun-thunder Thunder, thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thunder, thun... Thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thun-thun-thunder, thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thunder, feel the thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Lightning then the thunder ♪ 
 ♪ Thunder, feel the thunder ♪ 
 - Alice. 
 - Shove it, Hal. 
 You're gonna need to top this off, thank you. 
 Before you throw a drink in my face, I'm sorry. 
 I crossed the line. 
 You obliterated a line. 
 I strongly concur, and it's not an excuse, but over the last three months, I've been... in and out of rehab. 
 It's been... a struggle. 
 Obviously. 
 Last night was messy, but we've all been there. 
 So, why don't we start over with two glasses of ginger ale. 
 I'll drink to that. 
 [DOG BARKING] 
 - Archie... 
 - We gotta talk, Jug. 
 Uh, now is really not a good time, okay? 
 You need to leave, okay? You gotta go. 
 Why, what's going on? 
 What the hell do we have here? 
 - Just leave him, all right? 
 - [ARCHIE] Wait. 
 You're friends with these thugs? 
 It's not what you think. 
 Are you joining the Serpents? 
 If he survives, and go ahead and call us thugs one more time. 
 Jughead, these are the guys who attacked me. 
 Who attacked Reggie, and Veronica and Dilton. Your friends. 
 Wait, is that why you're here? 
 - To warn me? 
 - No. 
 I came here to tell you to stay away from Betty. 
 She doesn't want to see you anymore. 
 Screw you, I just saw Betty yesterday... 
 - She was fine. 
 - No, dude. 
 She's been wanting to break up with you for weeks. 
 She's been agonizing over it. 
 Since you crossed the dark side, she couldn't bring herself to do it. 
 So, she sent you? 
 Betty would never do that! 
 If you don't believe me, then call her. 
 And feel free to tell her you're a Serpent now, too. 
 I bet she'll love that. 
 She saw where you were headed, Jughead. 
 We all did and she knows you can't be with them and with her. 
 Come on, man. 
 You know it, too. 
 Tell Betty I got the message. 
 Yeah. 
 What? Did you enjoy the show? 
 The show hasn't even started yet. 
 We didn't get much of a chance to talk last night. 
 I'm choosing to blame Betty's Britneyesque meltdown. 
 I'll let you make it up to me. 
 Pour moi? 
 Merci. 
 Ladies and gentlemen. A new story begins in Riverdale tonight. 
 A story about reinvention and aspiration. 
 This building will be the first chapter of that story. 
 Luxury apartments, shopping, and even a golf course. 
 The Southside as we know it will be gone, replaced with a new Eden. 
 So let us raise our glasses to a brighter tomorrow. 
 Today, let's celebrate with a little music. 
 ♪ What's the time? ♪ 
 ♪ Well, it's gotta be close to midnight ♪ 
 ♪ My body's talkin' to me ♪ 
 ♪ It says, "Time for danger" ♪ 
 ♪ It says "I wanna commit a crime ♪ 
 ♪ Wanna be The cause of a fight ♪ 
 ♪ I wanna put on a tight skirt ♪ 
 ♪ And flirt with a stranger" ♪ 
 [SOBBING] 
 ♪ I've had a knack From way back ♪ 
 ♪ At breaking the rules Once I learn the game ♪ 
 ♪ Get up! Life's too quick I know someplace sick ♪ 
 ♪ Where this chick'll 
 dance In the flames ♪ ♪ We don't need any money ♪ ♪ I always get in for free ♪ ♪ You can get in, too ♪ ♪ If you get in with me ♪ ♪ Let's go out tonight ♪ [GRUNTS] ♪ Meow ♪ You all right? I'm fine... I just need some air. [GROANING] Is that all you got? [KNUCKLES CRACK] ♪ You wanna play Let's run away ♪ ♪ We won't be back Before it's New Year's Day ♪ ♪ Take me out tonight ♪ Get off of her!! [GRUNTING] ♪ In the evening I've got to roam ♪ ♪ Can't sleep in the city Of neon and chrome ♪ ♪ Feels too damn much Like home ♪ ♪ When the Spanish babies cry ♪ ♪ So let's find a bar ♪ ♪ So dark we forget who we are ♪ ♪ Where all the scars ♪ ♪ From the nevers And maybes die ♪ ♪ Let's go out tonight ♪ ♪ Don't forsake me Out tonight ♪ ♪ Tonight, tonight ♪ [CELL PHONE RINGING] [BLACK HOOD]  Is it done? Yes. Ask me your question. There's only one I care about now. You want to know who I am... Well, here's an abandoned house on the edge of Fox Forest at the end of the Service Road. You'll find your answer there. [DOOR CREAKS OPEN] [CELL PHONE RINGING] I'm here. [BLACK HOOD]  Do you see it? Yes. It's the answer to your question. Put it on. - Why? - Put it on and you'll see. - It's on. - Now, turn around. Why are you doing this to me? To show you that we're the same. [FLOOR CREAKS] [ARCHIE]  Hey. Archie? I can't... [ARCHIE]  Come to the Pembrooke. It's Cheryl. Something bad happened. What? If you hadn't come when you did... Where the hell is he? [CHERYL] You can put your cape away, Archie. The Pussycats already saved me. I feel so sick about this. Nick's a monster. And there's no way he hasn't done this before. Probably right under my nose. It's not your fault, Veronica. [CHERYL] I wanna press charges. I want Nick to pay. To suffer. To burn in hell. [SOBBING] Welcome to the Serpents. Officially. You're gonna have a hard time hiding that from Betty. I think it's a non-issue now. [CELL PHONE RINGING] I wasn't sure if you were going to call again. [BLACK HOOD]  There's one piece of unfinished business. [SIGHS] What's that? The fact that you've been telling Archie about our chats. Betty, I've been watching you... You never said I couldn't tell Archie. You broke the rules, Betty, and now your sister will pay. Please don't hurt her. Then give me another name. -  Right now. - What? If you want to save your sister, give me another name. The name of someone guilty. Come on, Betty. One little name. I won't, I can't do that... Then I'll kill your sister. And your mother and your father, and everyone you hold dear. Nick St. Clair. He's staying at the Five Seasons. I told you we were the same. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 