Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Yes Is the Only Living Thing - Containment 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Yes Is the Only Living Thing https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=628&t=27923 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/12/16 05:59 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Yes Is the Only Living Thing 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 We're placing your zone of the city under complete quarantine. 
 Sayid was not Patient Zero. 
 The real guy is someone Lommers knew. 
 $5,000 a head, I can bust you out of the Cordon. 
 How much money do you have? 
 Enough for a half a person. 
 I want you to resign. 
 I'm here today to confess. 
 The virus was created by  a scientist at the CDC named Dr. Victor Cannerts. 
 She turned all the evidence we had against her  into evidence against Cannerts. 
 Lommers is tying up loose ends, and we're next. 
 Leo? 
 Roy :  You think someone took him? 
 I don't think he ran. 
 I didn't order pizza. 
 Pizza man :  Prepaid by a Major Mouthpiece. 
 Jake :  There's no version of my life that doesn't have you in it. 
 You and I can sit down... 
 (coughing) 
 Promise me you will get him out of here alive. 
 I promise. 
 (coughing) 
 (gasping for air) 
 (inhales loudly) 
 (gasping) 
 I love you. 
 (gasping loudly) 
 (static, whirring of radio dial turning) 
 Quentin : Jake? 
 Yeah, buddy. 
 Where do you think she is now? 
 (door opens) 
 Jake? 
 You asked me to tell you when it was safe for you to... 
 Hey, Quentin, try and get some sleep, okay? 
 ♪ If to distant lands I scatter ♪ 
♪ If I sail ♪ 
♪ To the farthest seas ♪ 
 (sniffles) 
 ♪ Would you find and firm and gather ♪ 
♪ Till I only dwell in Thee? ♪ 
♪ If I flee from greenest pastures ♪ 
♪ Would you leave to look for me? ♪ 
♪ Forfeit glory to come after ♪ 
♪ Till I only dwell in Thee. ♪ 
 Cannerts :  I must declare the virus as highly contagious and fatal in 100% of its victims. 
 Lommers :  I recommend we institute  a cordon sanitaire to contain the spread of the virus. 
 Lex :  What I need is the truth. 
 Jake :  We are in the middle of the damn hot zone. (screams) 
 Lex : Jana!  If we let anyone out, we're risking the lives of everyone in this city. 
 Driver : Listen up, Cordon. 
 I got a real bombshell for you today. 
 Before these fascists cut me off... 
 Every damn morning. I mean, what makes you think anyone's listening in there? 
 This is from a press conference Dr. Lommers held yesterday. 
 (indistinct shouting) 
 Lommers (on recording) : I'm here today to confess. 
 You have been misled. 
 The virus was manipulated in a lab here in our own country through a dangerous and irresponsible Gain-of-Function study. 
 These studies are currently not permissible in the United States due to the potential for accidental outbreaks like this one. 
 This virus was created by a scientist at the CDC named Dr. Victor Cannerts. 
 Another researcher was accidentally exposed... 
 Man : Cannerts must pay! 
 ...into the world. 
 Woman (on radio) :  After swinging wildly  in light of recent revelations of the virus's origins, the Dow has begun to stabilize. 
 Investors hope to finish the day in positive territory, lead by strong speculation in the biotech sector. 
 The Syrian ambassador has yet to formally either confirm or deny Syria's involvement in the... 
 (turns off radio) 
 (clack, lights buzzing) 
 (sighs) 
 Jana :  I didn't say it was gonna be easy,  but Meese's escape plan is our best shot. 
 Suzy : I just watched Teresa have a baby in the clean room. 
 In my present condition, I'm all for it. 
 How are we supposed to find $5,000 a head? 
 Well, we already have almost $10,000, and it doesn't have to be cash. 
 He said he'd take stuff he can pawn. 
 Not to be all realistic, but unless Meese wants to be paid in swivel chairs, there's nothing worth anything left in this building. 
 Well, then, we're just gonna have to dig a little deeper. 
 We need to scour the building, and fast if we're gonna meet Meese tonight to start our quarantine. 
 CSO tunnels will look good after we've been cramped up for a couple of days. 
 What does "CSO" stand for? 
 Combined Sewer Overflow. 
 Goody. 
 So, we're not going. 
 We're heading to my grandma's house. 
 Teresa's worried about the money. 
 It's safer there. 
 Hey, look, if a bunch of yahoos like us can bring this kid into the world, we can find a way to get us all out of the Cordon. 
 (sighs) Maybe when she's a little stronger. 
 We'll miss you. 
 Thanks for adopting us. I... 
 I really don't know what we would have done without all of you. 
 Suzy : Come find me in eight months and return the favor. 
 (laughs) 
 Man : Back it up. 
 (crowd chatter, laughter) 
 Look, all this profit, and I'm drinking freeze-dried. 
 Should have held up a coffee shop. 
 Yeah, you're right. 
 Drop it! 
 Look who's back. 
 Food Drop Cowboy. 
 Technically, it's Officer Riley. 
 Technically, you're in my jurisdiction, and you know what to do. 
 (door squeaks open) 
 (distant barking) 
 Meese : Come to join the traitors? 
 I came to buy booze. 
 My, oh, my. 
 Less than ten cops left in the Cordon. 
 Two are my guests. 
 Cinco, get the boys and rustle up a bottle of bourbon for the man. 
 Cinco : Come on, man. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 Man : All right. 
 (lights buzzing softly) 
 (humming) 
 (creaking) 
 (grunts softly) 
 So Sam is right. 
 This entire building has been picked clean. 
 Not the entire building. 
 Guess what survived the attack. 
 Computer drives? 
 Not just any computer drives. 
 This one's from Phillips Merchant Bank. 
 There's, like, a thousand credit card numbers on here. 
 That's gonna raise a ton on the black market. 
 So you want to go from the Cordon straight to prison? 
 Minimum security prison. 
 It's better than this place. 
 And who's gonna prove we did it? 
 Look, Meese just wants to make money, right? 
 Maybe we offer him the three-for-two deal. 
 (scoffs) 
 Jana : The only way to find out is to ask. 
 (sighs) 
 (sighs heavily) 
 (dogs barking in distance) 
 Trey : Little tip. 
 It's damn hard to get drunk when you want to. 
 When Cinco and me were kids, we'd steal two or three pulls off my mama's stash, and we'd get lit. 
 Especially Cinco. 
 That kid would just fall over laughing. 
 No tolerance. 
 One day, our cousin got shot. 
 Not enough liquor in the whole world to make it better. 
 Some stuff... nothing'll take the edge off. 
 Just is what it is. 
 Sam : Get your hands off her. 
 Man : Everyone gets searched. 
 Jana : Cut it out. 
 We're not armed. 
 Jana? What are you doing here? 
 Sam : Actually, I need to see Meese. 
 I believe Mr. Meese is presently open for business. 
 What the hell was that about? 
 (sighs) Escaping the Cordon. 
 Meese has a way to get out. 
 Bert :  It's so good to see you both. 
 Micheline, we've got company. 
 Oh! Teresa! 
 Hi. 
 Why are you limping, Grandpa? 
 Oh, not to worry. It's, uh, just a little sprain. 
 Oh, my goodness, is that... 
 I thought you should meet your great-granddaughter. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, honey, she's perfect. 
 Were you able to get to a hospital or did your mom help you with the birth? 
 Mom wasn't there. 
 Has she seen her yet? 
 Grandma, I... 
 I don't know how to... 
 Is Leanne all right? 
 Um... no, Bert. 
 She's gone, isn't she? 
 I had a feeling. 
 Oh, Michi... 
 We wondered, when we hadn't heard from her. 
 I'm so sorry. 
 (crying) 
 Oh, my love, is... is there anything we can do for you? 
 (sniffles) 
 Yes. 
 I want to hold her granddaughter. 
 We can do that. 
 Have you chosen a name? 
 It's Leanne. 
 (both crying) 
 Jana : It's safe, Jake. 
 I know what you're gonna say, but... but I miss Lex. 
 I have to try. 
 So please don't judge me. 
 I don't. 
 Something's wrong. What happened? 
 Hey. 
 Tell me. 
 I took your advice. 
 I told Katie I loved her. 
 Jake? 
 Oh, no. 
 Oh, no. 
 Oh, Jake, I'm so sorry. 
 The last thing she asked me to do was to get her son out of here. 
 Jake, come with us. 
 Sam : Meese won't make a deal. 
 (sighs) 
 Look, I-I know you say we're all in this together, but I need to get home to Nick. 
 I have to do this, Jana, even if I'm going alone. 
 Okay, we still have a few more hours. 
 Okay? We will find a way. 
 And you need to find a way, too, Jake. 
 Come on. Come on. 
 Roy : What did you find in Leo's storage? 
 Lex : A name I've never heard before. Katrina Hobbs. 
 Whoever paid off Meese's wife gave Katrina Hobbs $250,000. 
 She has no priors. 
 Sounds like you're onto something. 
 You better move quick. 
 Yeah, but she could be any one with these names. 
 I mean, I don't even know what I'm looking for. 
 Wait. 
 Found an old obit. 
 "Former Army Corporal Noah Hobbs, 27, beloved son of Katrina Hobbs, died in a workplace accident. A CBRN specialist, he served in Afghanistan and Iraq." 
 Well-well, what's CBRN? 
 Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear. 
 I'd start with her. 
 Yeah. 
 (chuckles) Don't worry about him. 
 You did your quarantine. You're getting out. 
 I should shut you down, you money-grubbing dirtbag. 
 You here to give me a lecture? 
 I'm here to see if you'll take two more. 
 (indistinct shouting nearby) 
 Oh, please. Please leave that to us. 
 No. 
 Yes, yes. You should take a nap before you go, Teresa. 
 Actually, Grandma, we were hoping it'd be okay to stay here with you for a while. 
 Xander, let me do that. 
 Oh, it's fine. You should rest, with that leg. 
 It's the least... 
 We'll just rinse the dishes. 
 (crying) 
 (quietly): It's all an act. 
 They must've used the last food they had on us. 
 They don't have enough for themselves, let alone us. 
 We can share our MREs until the next food drop. 
 The food drop Trey will steal and make us pay for? 
 Tee, we've got to do the escape plan. 
 I'm just thinking of Leanne. 
 What if something goes wrong in one of those tunnels? 
 You don't know that we could keep her safe. 
 And even if we could, how are we supposed to come up with $15,000? 
 We're not going anywhere. 
 (water running) 
 Announcer : The ACLU continues its efforts to restore communication inside the Cordon, as they prepare to bring their case to both the state... 
 Katrina Hobbs? 
 Atlanta PD. I'm chasing a cold case. 
 I was hoping you might be able to help. 
 Is that a new car? 
 Nice ride. 
 Did you win the lottery? 
 Farthest thing from it. 
 My son Noah came back from Afghanistan in one piece and then died falling off a ladder at work over a year ago now. 
 I'm sorry to hear that. 
 His company gave me a settlement. 
 What kind of work did he do? 
 He was a clerk at Anderson Supply, in the warehouse. 
 Where's the warehouse? 
 I've never been there, but I know it's off Route 92 by the mini-mart. 
 I'm sorry, but if I'm late for my doctor's appointment... 
 Of course. Of course. Thank you so much, ma'am. You've been... really helpful. 
 Quentin :  I don't know, Jake. 
 It's your call, Q. 
 I promised your mom I'd get you out, and... and I think this is the way. 
 We have to go tonight. 
 But this is the last place I saw her. 
 The farther I go from here... 
 I know. 
 But you know the... that question you were asking me earlier, about where she is now? 
 Yeah. 
 Well, look, I-I won't lie to you, I don't... 
 I don't know how it works, exactly, but I know that your mom loved you very much. 
 I know that people that love us, uh, they stay with us. 
 Even from far away? 
 Even from far away. 
 And if she wasn't with us right now, why would I... be so worried about doing what she asked me to and making her proud? 
 What if I don't want to go? 
 Well, then we stay here together. 
 I'm only going if you do. 
 Hey, you're my deputy. 
 What do you say? 
 My mom wanted it. 
 We should go. 
 (hinges creaking) 
 Thank you. 
 ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ 
 
 
 
 (crowd chanting angrily) 
 (chanting continues) 
 Woman : Dr. Cannerts, he got to go! 
 (chanting continues) 
 Sounds like the doctor's a dead man. 
 Cannerts : Having been immunized using antibodies derived from Thomas Graham's blood serum, Katie Frank survived longer than anyone. 
 But her death, due to the virus, suggests that this antiserum treatment alone isn't effective. 
 The only known patient to survive the acute phase of the virus into an asymptomatic latent phase is Thomas Graham, but why? 
 What makes him unique? 
 Blood tests reveal that Thomas naturally produces extremely high levels of interferon. 
 It may be that these elevated levels of interferon are protective. 
 It's possible that combining interferon with antiserum derived from Thomas' blood might stimulate the immune system to fight the virus, thus preventing the patient from being overwhelmed. 
 Dr. Cannerts? 
 Hey. 
 We need to talk. 
 Jake, I've been working since dawn and I realize it's a small comfort, but you should know that what we learned from Katie may eventually lead to a vaccine. 
 Eventually. Yeah. 
 'Cause the thing is... 
 Trey : Well, if it isn't Dr. Death himself. 
 Excuse me. 
 Gentlemen. 
 Hey, what's going on, Trey? 
 Oh, same old, same old. 
 After blaming the brown kid from Syria, turns out he had nothing to do with this mess. 
 News from the outside says Dr. Cannerts created the virus. 
 The way I see it, somebody's got to put a bullet in the man's head. 
 You raise that thing and I will throw your ass in the isolation ward without a mask. 
 So, whoever it is you're grieving died from natural causes? 
 Look, I'm not crazy about him either, but Cannerts didn't create the virus. 
 He's trying to save everyone in the Cordon. 
 And like it or not, he's the only one who can. 
 Yeah, well, the word is out. 
 If I don't do it, somebody else will. 
 (gun clicks) 
 Yeah, yeah, but if you help me protect him, you and your guys can be first in line for a vaccine. 
 There's a vaccine? 
 He just told me he's getting close. 
 Fine. 
 (gun clicks) 
 We'll protect him. 
 First in line, right, Doc? 
 Welcome to the Cordon P.D. 
 (laughing) 
 Cinco, you hear that? 
 Cinco : Let's do it. 
 Trey : Come on. 
 You know, years ago, after your mom's dad passed away, I took her and went back to my parents' house because it was familiar and safe. 
 I can't imagine you scared. 
 Oh, I was a mess. 
 And then I met Bert. 
 I-it shames me to say it but I grew up in what was known as a sundown town. 
 No black person walking around after sundown was safe. 
 That's insane. 
 Yeah. 
 The first time Bert came over, he left before sundown, but that wasn't good enough for our neighbors. 
 The next day your mother came home from school black and blue. 
 I left the very next day. 
 I realized that I could not buy my security at the expense of my daughters. 
 Being here may feel safe to you, but nowhere in the Cordon is safe. 
 Do you know the phrase "carpe diem"? 
 "Seize the day." 
 Well, I was planning to give you this on your 21st, but carpe diem, right? 
 Grandma, your pearls. 
 Pearls? That's funny. 
 I see three tickets out of here for you and your family. 
 Cannerts :  I'm nowhere near having a vaccine,  and you know it. 
 I said you were working on one. 
 That's the only reason they're protecting you. 
 Look, as long as they think they have something to gain, they'll keep you safe after I go. 
 Well, where are you going? 
 Without you here... 
 Yeah, I know. 
 Believe me, if I could be in two places at once, I would. 
 Just keep trying to find a way to stop the virus. 
 You'll be fine. 
 I'm sorry. 
 (grunting) 
 Suzy : I've decided I'm quitting. 
 Too many memories. 
 (grunting) 
 I hate to break it to you, but there isn't any job to quit. 
 I just want to get into this stupid safe. 
 The only thing he kept in there were private contracts. 
 Yeah, but still, Dennis had a gun, right? 
 And guys who have guns, usually have more than one. 
 I mean, Meese would take that. 
 It doesn't matter. 
 Unless you plan on throwing that safe out the window, the only way you're going to open it is to figure out the combination. 
 (sighs) Fine. 
 (exhales) 
 You knew Dennis better than anyone... give me a number. 
 (groans): Oh, Jana... 
 Could be anything. 
 (sighs): Uh... zero-one-17. 
 His birthday. 
 (beep) 
 Nope. Try again. 
 His daughter's... is 12/11. 
 (beep) 
 Nope. Try zero-nine-zero-eight. 
 His wife. 
 How do you know that? 
 (beep) 
 He had me send her flowers. 
 (groans) 
 (sighs) 
 (rapid beeping) 
 What did you do? 
 One birthday we didn't try. 
 Yours. 
 You were right... there aren't any guns in here. 
 Just this. 
 Open it. It's obviously for you. 
 Your birthday's in two weeks. 
 His wedding anniversary's two days later. 
 Oh. 
 (sighs) 
 (exhales) 
 Wow. Guy had taste. 
 And money. 
 It's engraved. 
 What does it say? 
 "I love you." 
 Well, that's definitive. 
 I'm sorry. 
 I was quitting anyway. 
 Looks like I just got my severance pay. 
 (exhales) 
 Let's go see Lex. 
 (door creaks) 
 (door creaking) 
 (closing door echoes) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (gasps) 
 ♪ ♪ 
 (closing door echoes) 
 Lex :  Lies on top of lies. 
 Patient Zero wasn't Sayid Nassir or Henry Burns. 
 Patient Zero was Noah Hobbs. 
 18 months ago, while conducting illegal gain-of-function studies, Henry Burns successfully mutated a virus so virulent that when Noah Hobbs was exposed to it, you and Henry Burns covered it up and closed the lab. Cannerts didn't create this thing. Henry Burns did. It's a miracle that Noah Hobbs didn't leave that building after he was infected. It was a miracle that he didn't start an outbreak a hundred times as deadly as this one. But after dodging that bullet, you set Henry Burns up with a new facility to recreate the virus. Then 19 days ago he accidentally gets infected by his own virus, but now you can't shut it down. God knows how many people are dead... all because you kept going, putting the entire world at risk! What can I say, Lex? Guilty as charged. So you admit it. If you're accusing me of protecting the population, then yes, I'm guilty. Do you know what the budget is to defend... I didn't come here to talk about... The country's budget to defend against a nuclear attack is $20 billion. The budget to defend against bioterrorism is less than a quarter of that. In order to create and launch a nuclear weapon, you need, among other things, uranium and plutonium. Hard to find. Harder to process. In order to create a bio-weapon, you need an okay scientist and a dream. So you put us all at risk in case they do? Sometimes protecting people puts them at risk. But if there is a virus that can be mutated to be deadly, we need to know it. If we can mutate this virus, so can our enemies. If we can mutate it and create a cure, then we can survive an attack. It's that simple. But with government funding cuts and pharmaceuticals focused on the next little blue pill, staying ahead of the game isn't easy. Who are you staying ahead of? Sayid Nassir? The innocent kid that you-you pinned this outbreak on? The Syrians who you falsely accused of attacking us? Me? Leo Greene said that we were the loose ends that you needed to tie up. You're letting conspiracies go to your head. I... Can you not see how twisted this is?! Are you aware of the significance of August 23? No. Because that's the day the federal government prevented the last bioterror attack. Nobody hands out attaboys for not dying of the plague. But I did my job. There is no excuse for what you did. You wouldn't be saying that if I had a vaccine, and I'm not gonna apologize for having the guts to try. Americans want security from their enemies without the responsibility for how it happens! So you need me, Lex, because  I  face facts. And if it takes every last person in the Cordon dying to increase our odds of survival, then so be it. Grow up, Lex. I'm your best defense. (phone rings) Yes? Where? I'll be right there. There was a breach of the Cordon. The escapee made it to the DMZ before he was caught. Lex, you don't want this plague getting out any more than I do. Fight me later. Fight the virus now. Teresa :  Thanks for everything. I love you. I love you, too. We left you some MREs in the kitchen. Thank you, Xander. Take care of each other, my loves. (Leanne fussing quietly) (dog barking in distance) (sighs) ♪ ♪ (door closes) Do you think they knew? Not at all. We should, um, disinfect your cut again. How's it looking? Not so great, Berty. (crickets chirping) Dr. Cannerts. Yes? Jake : Hey. (coughing) Back off. He's the reason I'm sick! No. You don't want to do this. Trey : Cinco. Cinco. (coughing) Trey! Wait! (continues coughing) Stay away from my brother! Wait! This treatment is entirely untested. I have no idea how or if it will work. You better hope my brother's still alive in two days. Or me and my boys will come back and take you and this whole hospital down with him. Meese :  No way. But we can pay. These pearls are worth way more than you're asking. It's not that. I'm not taking that baby. What if it cries? It'll give us away. Meese. You're saying no to a baby? I told this guy no freebies, Jana. Not even for you. Sam : We have the money. So do they. It's all you care about, so what's the problem? I'm the one taking the risk. And making a profit. Come on, man, what kind of person wouldn't help a baby out of here? You know what, you're right. The baby's going. You stay. What? Come on, Meese, that's crazy. I don't need his attitude. He's not coming with me. Then neither am I. We come as a package. You take us or leave us. Looks like I'm not working tonight. Wait. You take them. I'll stay. No. No. No. No. Not when you could have gone on your own. Suzy is pregnant. And she won't go without you. Take it. Thank you. I'm so sorry. Do me a favor. Call Nick. You tell him... that I'm fine. And I'll see him soon. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ What was that you said about making me proud? But I can't go without you. As my deputy, you get my duty as a cop. You know, someone's in trouble, I have to protect them. And, well, things aren't going so well for Dr. Cannerts right now. If he's safe there's still hope for everyone in the Cordon, but... for the next 48 hours he's not safe. And I need to help him. Then I'll wait too. I can help. You see, that's why you're such a great deputy. But you're... you're not just my deputy. You're... you're pretty much my family now. If you don't go tonight there might not be another chance. But you said we could stay here together. Yeah, I know. Hey, you remember... remember what I said about your mom being here with us? Well, I'm pretty sure she'd find a way to kick my ass if I didn't keep my promise to get you out. But the thing is, I don't think she'd want me to leave all these people behind to die either. And I want so much for her to be proud of us. But I don't want to say good-bye to you. Oh, buddy, come here. It's not good-bye and you're not going alone, okay? I promise I will find you as soon as I can. Hey, hey... we're a team now, okay? Okay? Don't you forget that. Okay? It's okay. (indistinct police radio chatter) Lex : Walden? You shot him? Just following orders, Lex. Let me see him. No sign of the virus. We need to have him cremated immediately. We can't take any chances. 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. All right. It's time to start your quarantine... everyone follow me. Jana. Hey, Jake. You coming? Uh... no. But he is. Look, I know it's... I know it's a lot to ask. That's to give him. ♪ Caught in the riptide ♪ You must be Quentin. I'm Jana. Looks like the two of us are going on a little adventure. You ready? ♪ There was a reason ♪ See you soon, buddy. Okay? ♪ I collided into you ♪ Lommers :  Though we feel  for those inside, they pose too great a threat. So now, more than ever, we need to work together to shut this down. After everything we've done to protect our city, we can't let our guard down now. We need to ensure that today is the first and the last time that the Cordon is breached. No one in and no one out. Hey, guys. This is Quentin. He's coming with us. Hey, Quentin. Hi. All right, let's go. ♪ Reaching for you ♪ 
♪ From the endless dream ♪ 
♪ So many miles ♪ 
♪ Between us now ♪ 
♪ But you are always ♪ 
♪ Here with me ♪ (door closes) ♪ You are always here with me. ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 