Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Be Angry at the Sun - Containment 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Be Angry at the Sun https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=628&t=26981 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/03/16 08:36 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Be Angry at the Sun 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Woman : Everybody, remember, we're here to help sick people feel better. 
 It is nothing to get worked up about. 
 On the day you're supposed to move in with me? 
 I know. 
 You sure this is what you want? 
 We're gonna make this work. 
 Guess no matter how many stripes you got on the sleeve, you still gotta kiss the ring, huh, Major? 
 Yes, I do, Officer. 
 So, what's goin' on? 
 Possible flu outbreak. 
 Sabine Lommers. Health and Human Services. 
 Dr. Cannerts has identified a possible public health threat. 
 Dr. Victor : Within 16 hours, Dr. Sanders became symptomatic, suggesting that the virus can replicate at an accelerated rate. 
 We're placing your zone of the city under complete quarantine. 
 Once we're 48 hours disease-free, our lives can go back to normal. 
 I can't let you through there. 
 My girl is in there. 
 So is mine. 
 Get out! 
 Man : Clear! 
 [People screaming] 
 How much longer are they gonna extend the quarantine? 
 There's some things about the cordon I'm not gonna be able to tell you. 
 Leo Greene, intheperimeter.com. 
 And you say exactly what they want you to say. 
 Last night I'm a hero, but today I'm the enemy. 
 Where there's a mouthpiece, there's a secret. 
 Until the virus dies out, we can't break the cordon. 
 Lex : Then how do we get the healthy people out? 
 We don't. 
 [People shouting] 
 [People shouting] 
 What are you doing? 
 [People yelling indistinctly] 
 Woman : Hey! 
 A real problem for people who have found themselves trapped in... 
 Terrified at this point. We have reports of... 
 You got this covered? 
 I feel like we're locking the door on a burning building. 
 Preachin' to the choir, Walden. 
 Pete : How many more of these do you want us to do? 
 Seal them all. 
 Woman :  Unable to get to their parents. 
 Should be terrified and must be so shaken. Man :  As you can see... Man :  All right, that's it. Sabine : Three days ago, when the cordon sanitaire was enacted, there was every hope that the virus would be contained quickly. Unfortunately, a small number of people were exposed within the original 48-hour window, and we made the decision to extend the quarantine. Sabine : Shipping containers were placed around the perimeter to secure the border. The number of infected is under control, and the cordon is working. Woman : If the cordon is working, Dr. Lommers, why add the containers? A secure cordon is not only imperative for this quarantine to work, it's also helpful for our police who have the rest of Metro Atlanta to cover. Man : Dr. Lommers? Woman : Since the announcement that patient zero is from Syria, the Syrian government has repeatedly denied having engaged in bio-terrorism. Can you tell... That would be a question for Homeland Security. Sabine : Our focus is to contain the virus and to get people home safely. Well, that won't be easy for Muslims in the cordon. I'm sure you're aware of Leo Greene's post. Sabine : As we work to protect everyone in the cordon, Mr. Greene's fear-mongering is both irresponsible and immoral. How is posting those inflammatory images any different than yelling "fire!" in a crowded movie theater. The actions depicted in that video were reprehensible. Woman : Well, isn't it a matter of free speech? Miss Savage, social media can be a tool or a weapon. For every one of those videos, I can show you a hundred of people cooperating. So you're saying it's safe inside the cordon? Major Carnahan. [Camera shutters clicking] [People murmuring indistinctly] Lex : Yes, if people follow the rules, it is. Zone 6 is my territory. I know it inside and out. By and large, these are decent people, good neighbors who just want to do the right thing. Lex : Everybody just needs to remain calm. The more people cooperate, the sooner this will all be over. [People shouting indistinctly] [Elevator bell dings] Woman on P.A. :  A reminder that safe... Dr. Victor : Sir, you're facing me. Next. Mickey? Remove the jacket? Dr. Victor : This way, please. This way, please. This way. Please, just approach. Can you remove your mask? All right, this way, please. Other doctor :  Son. Dr. Victor : You take a seat. I didn't want to leave without saying "good luck." Oh, you'll be back later? Well, I... I need to be with my wife. She's just a few blocks away. Listen, the only way to find a treatment or a vaccine is to use the virus. And since it's too dangerous to transport the virus out of the quarantine zone, I'm the only doctor who has access to it, and I can't do any more testing without more rats. Please come back. I'm counting on you, Bert. Doctor? Take care of that. Officer Riley, you come with me. [Buzzer] [People hacking and coughing] Dr. Victor : Apologies for the grim visuals. Running a bit low on space. Soon, we'll have no room at the inn, as it were. [Faintly] Help me. What happens then? We're moving the non-infected patients to the nearest urgent care facility within the cordon. As for the infected, well... we'll do what we can to keep them comfortable. So, what do you need from me? Help with transport? I'm afraid it's not that simple. [Fire crackeling] They're not a threat. The virus dies a few hours after they do. How do you know that? 'Cause the doctors who mishandled the first of the dead are still alive and healthy. If we don't deal with their bodies, we risk a host of other diseases. We don't have sufficient facilities or personnel here to deal with them properly, so we need your help. I'm pretty sure I can't help you here. I need someone strong, both physically and mentally. What exactly do you want me to do? The only thing we can do. Burn them. Dr. Victor : I must declare the virus as highly contagious and fatal in 100 % of its victims. Sabine : I recommend we institute a cordon sanitaire to contain the spread of the virus. Man : What I need is the truth. Man : We are in the middle of the hot zone. Jana! If we let anyone out we're risking the lives of everyone in this city. [Phone beeps] Jana : Hey, stranger. Lex : Jana, Jana, I been working all night. I would have called you earlier. I'm so sorry, baby. Oh, no. No "baby." We are definitely not at "baby" right now. You're mad. Why should I be mad? My hero cop boyfriend is all over TV telling people they're gonna be ok, so I tell everyone here to believe him, because, you know, he's one of the good ones. And then I find out from Twitter that we've all been locked in by shipping containers. It was classified. I couldn't tell you. A hint. A coded text. An emoji. Lex : You hate emojis. Little prison bar emoji. I wouldn't have hated that. [Sighs] I'm so sorry. I am sorry. Yeah. Me too. This sucks. Yeah. Here's a truth. I don't know how long this will go. Since the virus spread, it could be anywhere inside the cordon. So you need to hunker down. Stay indoors. Ration your food. We don't have a lot of police in there, so I need you safe. Ok? You got it... Major Carnahan. 15 years ago, in the dark ages, this would have been a lot easier. If you don't want a video like that getting out again, we need to get more cops inside. What we need is to shut down Leo Greene. I've seen this before in every hot zone I've been in. People want to be good and follow the rules and they do until someone pushes the panic button hard enough and they stop listening to the authorities. Which is exactly why we need more cops inside. We can't police the Internet, but 50 more cops making sure that... Lex, this isn't a parade. This is a quarantine. No one in. No one out. Right now, I need you to go talk to Leo Greene. Our biggest enemy is fear... And it's coming from him. Shut him down. Not too close! Careful, Jen! No touching. It's not fair that they get to go. You know if your mom was inside the cordon, she'd be here, too. Hospital lockdown is over, Mary. We should be happy our friends get to go home. Boy :  Whoo! Hey, Mary, you wanna play? Hey, you still looking for a phone cord? No, thanks. Are you ok? I was supposed to bring some sick Syrian kid to the hospital. That's it. That was my job. I have braves tickets this weekend. I just want to go home. You know, barbecue, sleep in my bed. How 'bout you? You ok? I just want to breathe. But I can't... Not until the last of them gets home safely. How many get to leave the hospital with their parents? Not enough. Woman : This is the latest from inside the cordon. Leo : What does this mean? Woman : Hazmat guy painted one where  the kids got infected at that party. It caught on. It's like the plague crosses in Europe or how they marked the houses during Katrina. [Knock on door] Hold on. One second. It's the police. Gotta go. Those your contacts on the inside? Uh, think I'm gonna plead the 5th on that one. You gonna arrest me? What, and make you more famous? You gotta stop posting those videos. There are people at risk on the inside. Instead of me being able to do my real job, I'm here trying to convince you to stop making a bad situation worse. You remember that storm a couple winters back? The snowpocalypse? Every city and state official knew that storm was coming, yet still people ended up stranded on the freeway for 2 days. Now, don't you wonder how that same crowd of bureaucratic imbeciles got those containers in place so fast? Do you ever consider trusting the system instead of deliberately scaring the crap out of people? What's scary is that system deliberately hiding the truth from people. My guy at homeland tells me there's absolutely nothing to these bioterrorism claims. And Lommers just said that exposures are under control, yet my friends on the inside tell me death marks on doors are cropping up all over the place. So which is it? What's the real story? Why don't you tell me? Whatever you're looking for, you're not gonna get it from me. I'm not trying to frighten people, but maybe if I can get them worked up enough, they'll stop blindly trusting the system and start asking questions. Unlike you, apparently. Unlike Major Mouthpiece here in front of me. What? You think I wanna be here? I got cops on the inside outmanned 400 to 1. You think I wanna be here? 400 to 1, huh? Is that an official comment? Listen to me. I'm gonna walk outta here and try to do my civic and moral duty to help... Your moral duty? To help the people on the inside! You actually believe... I expect you to do the same! Do you believe in the cordon? I do. All right. I have one question for you, then. What happens when someone tries to leave the cordon? Major? You shoot 'em? That's the difference between me and you, Mr. Greene. You'll never have to answer that question. Lex : Dr. Lommers. Been thinking about a plan to get cops inside. Leo, on recording :  Or families are being left... Sabine : I'm guessing Leo said no. Leo : These are not images you will see on television or in the mainstream media. [Phone ringing] It's not happening in some foreign country. It's happening here. Mr. President. Leo : The department of Health and Human Services would have you believe everything is ok inside the cordon. It is not. With no regard for their humanity, your loved ones are being sentenced to death. [Camera shutter clicks] [Click] [Phone vibrating] Remember that guy Rigsby? Yeah, pine street pickpocket. Yeah. Dead pickpocket now. Where are you? Jake : Cannerts has me helping with the bodies. There's a lot of dead people in here, Lex. How many? 12 so far, at least. That reporter, Leo Greene, has been posting some pretty incendiary videos from inside the cordon. People are bound to have a reaction. Does that mean you're finally sending more cops in? For now, we have to make do with what we got. I'll set up a meet point for all the cops inside the cordon. All right. How many are here? Including you? 11. [Sighs] For the whole cordon? I want you to run point on this. What? No. No, I'm a beat guy. And you know I like to keep it simple. There's gotta be some stripes... I don't need stripes. What I need is someone I can trust. I need cops at ATMs, grocery stores, anywhere people gather. This is already been a day of me getting the crap detail, Lex. There has to be someone else. Officer Riley. You giving me an order, Major? Yes, I am. Don't let me down. Seriously, Jana? This is half of what we had yesterday. Well, Lex said it might take a while. Lex who lied about the containers? Jana, he didn't lie. He just... whatever. He was telling the truth today. What did he say... Exactly? That he doesn't know how long this will last and we need to hunker down. We need to make a food run. How is that hunkering down? Have you ever hunkered down without food? The virus could be anywhere. Lex said it's not safe out there. Let's take a vote. All in favor... Sorry, Jana, but I need a vegetable. Dennis : We'll draw straws. Loser makes the run. Winner pays. [Cash register beeping] Teresa : People I've never seen before are coming into the store. Xander : Do you really think you should be up on that table? I might be dying of the plague, and you're worried about me falling? I'm worried about you, period. You're not dying. You don't have a single symptom. I've only been in quarantine for 20 hours, although it feels a lot longer, stuck in here. People die within 48. If you was sick, you'd be hallucinating or something by now. Do you think that's what they're going through? Amy and everyone? Haven't heard from a single one of them. All my friends outside the cordon have been texting like crazy. Nothing from any of the ones who were at that party. Listen, Teresa. You can't help your friends, but you can help yourself. You just gotta do whatever you can to keep you and the baby safe. [Cash register running] Woman : 10 bucks? Last week, this was 5. Supply and demand. You gotta be kidding me. Do you want it or not? My mom is going to hell. Watch out, Mom! Quentin, knock it off! Ha ha! You're in trouble. They're going stir crazy. Aw, Britney should be released from isolation any minute now. I'm sorry. You're stuck with us. Not as sorry as her mom. She's used to doing stuff like this without a guy in her life, and now here I am 4 months in playing dad. Well, take it from another single mom. You're doing just fine. Hey, that's it! All of you, 3 corners. Right. You guys! Katie : They need fresh air. 4 to 6 feet! Well, we can't go out. We can go... And you're up! Mary, you're on it. 
 
 Thomas : Aw, that completely hit the line. [Kids talking indistinctly] Mary : Throw me the ball. Thomas : Miss Katie? I have to go. Mary : Throw it. Would you keep an eye on them? Yeah. Perfectly healthy. Hay fever, just like I told her. Thomas : I can't wait, Miss Katie! Thomas! [Door opens] Got lost. I can't get home. Thomas. [Coughing] Katie : Thomas, let's trade places, ok? I have to find my way home. Help me find my way home. [Vomiting blood] [Honking] Bert : I miss your cooking, Michie. [Glasses clink] Wouldn't mind a little nap right about now. That's fine. After that, you need to head back to the hospital and do your job. My job is taking care of you. Well, I'm fine. But they say on the news that there are more sick people now. The doctor needs those rats. I don't care. But you do care, Bert. That's one of the reasons I love you. We can't know for sure he was exposed. He had the man's blood on his hand. Not on his mouth... Eyes. There was no exposure to the fluids. Dr. Cannerts... False optimism is not your strong suit. This wasn't your fault. It was, actually, but thank you. His dad called me earlier. He got stuck at work. The electrical plant inside the cordon was stressed to the max. And he's the foreman. He... he asked me to look after his boy while he finished up. Leo, on video :  Our co-workers, our friends... Jana : Lex said it was bad out there, but I didn't know he meant this bad. Leo : These are not images you will see on television. Sorry I voted against you. Let's be honest, Sooz. You weren't voting against me. You were voting with Dennis. Department of Health and Human Services... [Elevator dings] The men have returned from war. Let the show of gratitude begin. Wait. Don't. What? Your gloves. You're not wearing gloves. Well, I... I just took them off. When? Uh... I don't know. On the way back? Tony, did you see where Dennis took them off? I didn't notice. I think he had 'em on at the store. I think you should stay in quarantine. To be safe. Quit screwin' around, Jana. You may have been exposed. You've been outside. Because we went to get you food! Now... Suzy, I... I sanitized my hands, ok? Jana, they only went to the store. Ok, look, we've all seen the news. It's just 48 hours. Jana, if you want any of this food, you let us in right now. I'm sorry. I don't like it either. Fine. Let's take a vote. Suzy, your vote makes 3! [Pounding on glass] Suzy! Buzz us in now! Happy? [Pounding on glass] Suzy! Suzy! Dennis : Suzy... [Grunting] Leo :  People are scared, they pay attention. I'd love to drop the next video while they're still talking about the last one. Melinda : We're gonna check out the edge of the cordon next. You guys are bad-ass. It's like the old days, Mel. Except you're not hitting on me. When this thing is over, you guys can write your own ticket. That'll be us, livin' the dream. Leo : All right, get back out there. Gotta feed the beast. Teresa : I had to do something to take my mind off things so, happy Valentine's day... Super late. I used flour and water for glue. Is it food? Is it art? [Both giggle] I could do like a whole show from this place. I'll bet you could. Happy super-late Valentine's day to you, too, T. [Screech] Xander : You know, I wish you wouldn't do that. Ok, that's not good. That's her, Harley. [Rifle cocks] Woman : Ohh! Aah! Harley : Store's closed, everybody! Go home! [People screaming] Wait, wait. You can't just... [Gunshot] What the hell was that? I gotta call you back. Take all you want, Jozelle. Operator : If you're calling from inside the cordon, press 1. [Ringing] We're sorry. All circuits are busy. Please hang up and try again later. Harley : Come on, girl. Hurry up. [T's phone vibrating] _ Harley : Take it all. What the hell happened? We're being robbed, and there's no 911. Just stay where you are, Teresa. I gotta help my mom. T, I swear to god, I will parachute into the cordon if you don't stay in that room. I can't just do nothing. Teresa! Hello, Harley. Jake : Baker, we don't need that. These boys are just leaving. Looks like 3 to 2 to me. Your face is on video surveillance. Right now, I got you for expired plates. If you drop the stuff and go, we can leave it at that. Be a shame for you to go to prison for 20 years just for some groceries. Come on. Get the door. Jake : Baker. Let's go, honey. Watch that door and check this room. Are you kidding me? This video surveillance isn't even hooked up. Hey, does it matter? He bought it. [Car doors slam; Engine starts] Are you crazy? What if they noticed that cord was unplugged? You can afford to play games, Jake. You're wearing a vest. You think this is a game, Baker? You think I like being outgunned and outnumbered in here? This vest doesn't get me anywhere if enough people are shooting, ok? The whole point is to keep them from firing. I'm a cop, Jake. I didn't sign up for a suicide mission. [Beep] Sabine : Congress would never let this slide. The ACLU is gonna jump all over me. Dr. Lommers. Excuse me. I know how we can get more cops in there. We use the container as a sluice, a passageway in and out. Each cop that exits will be quarantined for 48 hours inside the sluice until we know that they're healthy. So you're pitching a one-at-a-time plan? It's precise extraction. I know it sounds complicated... What about the officers that you're sending in there? Do any of them have loved ones inside that would make putting their lives on the line worth it, or is that just you? We're police. We put our lives on the line every day. True, although I wonder if you took a poll asking who volunteers to willingly enter the hot zone just how many eager cops you'd find. Following orders is our job. Good. Then I'd like you to drop this entire mission. I got 11 cops in there managing 4,000 terrified people who think that they've been sentenced to death. They have been sentenced to death, Major, if they don't follow the rules. The rules will keep them safe. And if we add more bodies into that mix, even police bodies, we are statistically compromising the people inside's ability to remain healthy. I have federal jurisdiction. So I guess that's an order. Yes, ma'am. Sabine : Where were we? [Slam] [Man coughs] Thomas? Dr. Cannerts? Dr. Cannerts! Mr. Graham. I've come to take my son home. But he's been exposed. You can't. I said I've come to take him home. Mr. Graham, if Thomas is sick... Dr. Cannerts, call 911, Jake, anyone. Dr. Victor : I already tried, Katie. Mr. Graham, please. Let him stay here so we can keep an eye on him. You may be risking... You were supposed to take care of him! You! [Rats squeaking] Katie? Sir, you know it's not right to wave a gun in a lady's face. I don't want trouble. I just want to take my son home. Bert : Well, Thomas, looks like you'll be going home today. And soon, with these rats, the doctor and I will find a way to fix everybody right up. Ok? Ok, Mr. Bert. Thomas : Bye, Miss Katie. [Breathing hard] I don't see it. Allie : Biggest news yet. It's a fire escape. So what? The windows are sealed from outside. You're still missing it. It's a ladder mount on the roof. Melinda : One smart person makes it to that rooftop, it's an easy leap from that fire escape to the top of the container. There's a way to get out of the cordon. Till they figure it out and tear down that fire escape. I don't know. Don't go getting squeamish, Leo. What did we say in college? When we were smoking hash? Always give people the real story. Leo, the fact that Lommers is trying to shut you down means you're doing something right. They lied about it being bioterrorism, they lied about the number of bodies, they sure as hell are lying when they say everything's ok in here! You don't have to expose the location. The minute you post that it exists, cops will find it, they'll seal it up, but at least the people are gonna know the whole story. Allie : Come on, Leo. Isn't that what we're doing here? I could make out with you both right now. You gotta get out of there. Make a run for it while you still can. Melinda : Are you kidding? This is the hottest story in the w... [Coughing] It's the hottest story in the world. [Sirens in distance] [Metal clanging] What, they run out of razors already? This is regulation in the cordon now. What? You're the one who put me in charge. What's in these? Guns, ammo, gloves, gear. Yes, yes. That's what I'm talkin' about. All right, so where's my reinforcements? You're kidding me, right? Do you know who you gave me in here? A sergeant who took a walk when he saw I didn't have any stripes, a narco I'm pretty sure was hopped up, a bunch of rookies, and a traffic cop. I already lost 2 when they saw the odds, and the rest aren't exactly the a-team in here. I know I'm asking the impossible. No, no. You got the wrong guy. You'd have found a way to keep those guys from walking. This is dead hero territory, man. It's not my thing. And neither was going to class or staying out of trouble. I wasn't easier on you then either! It kind of worked out for the both of us, wouldn't you say? [Chuckling] [Phone dings] What? Leo Greene just told the whole damn world there's a way to escape the cordon. [Phone beeping] Lex : Dr. Lommers. We're headin' out there now. An officer inside the cordon located the breach. Good. I just got word from the governor. As you secure the area, you are empowered to defend the cordon with deadly force. Good luck, Lex. All right, sit up. Eyes open. Ok, listen. Our job is simple. The fire department outside is gonna take down the fire escape near the containers. We just have to make sure no one gets up there before they're done. You see 'em? Let's go. Get some on our way. Now, keep your visors down. Man : Yeah. Right around there. Fan out! All right, spread out. Man : Fan as you get up to... How the hell did we miss this? Set 'em up on the top. Ok. Man : Hey, what's goin' on? Baker, hold 'em back. Come on. [Man coughing] Woman : Or you can go, Ray. If anybody tries to breach the cordon, your orders are to stop them by any means necessary. [Shouting] Officer : Get back! Get back! [Phone beeps] Man : What the hell's happening over there? Yeah. How much longer? Almost there. We're close. What's happening in there? [Shouting] Crowd thickens. Think you can hold them? [Shattering glass] Yeah, as long as they just want a target practice. You can't make me go... Officer : Break it up! [Shouting getting louder] Woman : Run! Run! Full support! Man : Ugh! Ah, don't touch him! Don't touch him! Don't touch him! Woman : Pig! Woman : Go! Man : Go, go, go! Follow them! Hey, Lex. Lex. Hey, Baker, with me. [Guns cock] Damn it. Lex : Sir, you are breaking the law. Turn back now. I need you to step away. Sir, this is your final warning! Step away from the edge, or we will shoot. Is he sick? I... I can't tell. Doesn't matter. No one in, no one out. Those are the rules. [Inhales] [Cocks gun] Sir, this is your final warning! Step away from the edge or we will shoot! [Numerous gunshots] Man : Ohh! [People talking indistinctly] My wife and kids are out there. If he was sick... Baker... I'm done. [Body bag scraping floor] Katie, hey. Cannerts told me what happened. I'm sorry. What are you even doing down here? Turns out I'm workin' 2 jobs these days. These are people who... Figure someone should remember them with some respect. Listen, I know it's rough. Ok? But these people in here, they died alone. At least Thomas gets to be with his family. And what if it were Quentin? He'd want to be with you. I just... I don't know how this world works in here. I mean, a man with a gun walked in here and stole his kid, and nobody could do anything to stop him. If it's like that in here, what is it like outside the walls of this hospital? I mean, who's in charge? Looks like I am. God help us. I don't know. Given the choice, I put my money on you. God's the one who got us into this mess. You know, there's one possibility you haven't considered about Thomas. Maybe he's not sick. Maybe he's home right now having dinner and watching YouTube, like every other 11-year-old in America. It's possible. Yeah. It's possible. Have you seen the one where the bulldog plays basketball? No? Xander : And here's the other thing, baby girl. Just because you're my little perfect angel doesn't mean you can't tear 'em up on the baseball field or the basketball court. What if she wants to play hockey? Too cold. That's too cold. [Knock on window] "Let it all go" by Birdy. ♪ but if we're strong enough to let it in ♪ 
♪ i-i-in ♪ 
♪ i-i-in ♪ [Laughing] ♪ we're strong enough to let it go ♪ 
♪ oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ whoa, oh, let it all... ♪ Jana : Rough day, huh? Leo Greene is pond scum, king of the click-bait. I mean, the amount of lives that he risked... Yeah, it worked. He's gained almost a million followers since Wednesday. Well, I hate every one today, except you. You, I... I don't hate. You're the only one at the moment. You know, Jana, when this is over, I, uh... I don't want to spend another night away from you. Me either. Not for a really long time. Me either. For the rest of my life. ♪ But if we're strong enough ♪ Me either, Lex. ♪ To let it in, i-i-in ♪ Well, let's see if they have an emoji for that. Ha ha ha! ♪ To let it go, oh ♪ [Crackling] [Phones beep; Computers powering down] [Clicking keyboard keys] [Telephone ringing] Dr. Victor : I just lost my Internet connection. Sabine : Yes. So did everyone in the cordon. But don't worry. You'll have a secure Internet and phone line tomorrow, but only you. The rest of the area will remain dark. [Receiver clicks] After today's events, things were getting away from us. Anyway, lose control, we have no hope of getting it back. This was for the good of everyone. Everyone? You're looking at me like this is somehow my fault? I asked you to stop Leo Greene, and you didn't. So, if you're looking for someone to blame, Major Carnahan, blame yourself. 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 