Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Prior Criminal History - Batwoman 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Prior Criminal History https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=909&t=41691 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/25/21 09:58 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Prior Criminal History 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [RAT SQUEAKING] 
 Shh. 
 Now we mustn't wake him. 
 Oh, I loathe the bats! 
 What is happening? 
 Why are they here? 
 Because bats eat rats, Alice. 
 Rat... meet Mouse. 
 I'm gonna need your help one last time, my little Mouse. 
 Someone... quite literally crashed our tea party,    
 - but she forgot to take her party favor,  
 - _    so I'm gonna need you to make sure she gets it. 
 ♪ Twinkle, twinkle, little bat ♪   
 ♪ How I wonder where you're at ♪   
 ♪ Up above the world you fly ♪    
 ♪ Like a tea tray in the sky ♪   
 [BATS SQUEAKING] 
 ♪ Twinkle, twinkle, little bat ♪  
 ♪ Up until your brain went splat ♪    
 -    [INDISTINCT CHATTER] 
 _    Unh! 
 Trick-or-treat. 
 Ugh! 
 Where's your cash? 
 I got collection agencies asking me the same thing. 
 You got an ATM card? 
 You're just setting yourself up for more disappointment. 
 Guess you got nothing except a smart mouth. 
 [WHOOSH] 
 Ooh! 
 Unh! 
 [PUNCHES LANDING] 
 MAN: Agh! 
 [GRUNTING] 
 Thank you! 
 And I don't know about your other security guards, but I have been trained in half a dozen forms of martial arts, so beating up bad guys won't be a problem. 
 You were certainly around enough of them... 
 _    In Blackgate. 
 Well, what it doesn't say is that I didn't do it. 
 Why'd you tell the judge you did? 
 To avoid doing    years instead of months. 
 Judge gave me a choice... 
 plead out to a lesser charge, do a bullet and a half. 
 Look. 
 I get it. 
 Blackgate doesn't look good on a resume, but it did give me a valuable skillset. 
 Every second you're inside, you're assessing threats, trying to figure out who's dangerous. 
 You get real good at reading people. 
 Faces can tell you a lot. 
 And what does mine tell you? 
 That I'm not getting this job. 
 DANA DEWITT: In this exclusive video you can see Crows officers opening fire on Batwoman. 
 This ambush comes after the Crows' own Jacob Kane forged an alliance with the Bat. 
 This shocking footage has sparked anger among Gotham citizens, and a pro-Batwoman rally has been planned for tomorrow in Gotham City Plaza to demand the return of the caped crusader, who hasn't been seen since the firefight with Crows. 
 Commander, they're here. 
 Oh. 
 Time to see how long we've been out of the loop. 
 MARY: I'm sorry. 
 Kate was what? 
 Because that sounded a lot like Batwoman. 
 She was your sister. 
 She never told you? 
 Please. 
 Like, Kate would ever trust me with a secret. 
 SOPHIE: How could you not know? 
 You two spent nearly every day together. 
 You were her associate. 
 Assistant actually, and it looks like she was good at keeping secrets from both of us. 
 JACOB: We know she didn't work alone. 
 Who were her other friends, people she was close to? 
 Dad, now you're just rubbing it in. 
 Kate spent years trying to push me away. 
 It's not like she was about to use "I am Batwoman" as an icebreaker. 
 Can you think of anyone who wanted to harm her or Batwoman, anybody who might have sabotaged her plane? 
 LUKE: I thought you said it was an accident. 
 We're not ruling anything out. 
 Just looking into any possible enemies. 
 You mean other than every agent in this building, right, or maybe just the ones that lured her into a trap, tried to gun her down on the   -yard line. 
 You know, it's too bad she didn't have someone who loved her watching her back. 
 I think we're done here. 
 Can we just talk, please? 
 Oh. 
 Now you got something to say after staying quiet for months about who Batwoman really was? 
 It wasn't my secret to tell. 
 No. 
 Just your secret to keep. 
 Can't imagine Kate would trust you with the contents of her safe and not trust you with everything else. 
 You really fooled me. 
 I guess about a lot of things. 
 Ohh. 
 [GUNSHOT] 
 Unh! 
 _     Hey. 
 You got any of this in generic? 
 Thanks. 
 Now do the safe. 
 Unh! 
 - RYAN: Hyah! 
 - ROBBER: Ugh! 
 Unh! 
 ROBBER: Huh! 
 Agh! 
 [GUN COCKS] 
 Hands in the air. 
 Ryan Wilder. 
 I'll note my surprise in the report. 
 Hey, Soph. 
 Love the hair. 
 It's Agent Moore. 
 I figure we've done this enough times to be on a first-name basis. 
 You get demoted? 
 I don't know. 
 C-store robbery seems a little low-rent for you. 
 Funny. 
 I was gonna say it's a step up for you. 
 Got tired of covering for your drug-dealing lady friend? 
 Ex-lady friend. 
 Is that why she wasn't driving the getaway car this time? 
 I already told them I didn't rob that place. 
 Yeah. 
 I read that. 
 I also read that you were standing over a bloody cashier with your prints on the gun. 
 Because I was tying to stop it. 
 Casting yourself as the hero? 
 Now that's new. 
 Got the security footage. 
 Her story checks out. 
 Okay. 
 Sorry for the mistake. 
 Yeah. 
 The Crows' last mistake only cost me    months of my life and counting. 
 Piece of advice. 
 If you're always in the wrong place at the wrong time, maybe you should find a new place. 
 And tell me where that is. 
 Because by my count, I've been brought in for questioning more times for stuff I didn't do than an actual serial killer like Alice has been arrested for stuff she did. 
 You think I don't know the real reason Jacob Kane won't put a bullet in her? 
 Any sympathy he had for her died a long time ago. 
 What are you talking about? 
 What are you talking about? 
 That if Alice weren't white, she'd be dead. 
 Sorry for the inconvenience, Ms. 
 Wilder. 
 You're free to go. 
 Sympathy for that psychopath? 
 Ryan. 
 What are you doing here? 
 Does your dad know about all this? 
 Somehow, I've managed to keep it a secret. 
 Guess that's what your family does, huh, keeping secrets? 
 I actually pulled an all-nighter, so you're gonna have to be a little more clear. 
 Alice is Beth Kane, isn't she? 
 Who told you that? 
 Girl goes missing    years ago, no body's found. 
 That was Alice before she was Alice. 
 It's complicated. 
 Because she's your sister, too. 
 I mean, does covering up for her run in the family? 
 That bitch killed my mom. 
 I would never help her. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Alice poisoned my mom and me and then gave us one dose of the antidote, so... my mom died in my arms. 
 Tell me where I can find her, and I will get justice for both of our moms. 
 [GURNEY RATTLING] 
 MAN: Couple homeless people dropped him off. 
 Found him in the tunnels, most of him anyway. 
 Ohh! 
 Okay. 
 Um, I know I'm not a doctor, but I am pretty sure there is nothing you can do for him. 
 Oh, my God. 
 It's Mouse. 
 [LOCK BEEPS] 
 ALICE: Need a tissue? 
 Believe it or not, I'm not here to kill you, Pennywhistle. 
 If I was, I'd just swipe left and delete you. 
 Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk. 
 Quite the opposite. 
 I'm here to save your life. 
 See, I'm planning something big, high body count, and it would be a shame if one of those bodies was yours. 
 Since when do you care about my life or any other? 
 Since our mutual enemy killed my dear sister before I could. 
 Safiyah? 
 Wait. 
 You didn't actually think Kate's plane crash was a mechanical failure, did you? 
 That's not exactly Safiyah's M.O. 
 Well, Pennyroyal, we all have to step outside our comfort zones, grow, expand, do things we would normally never fathom doing, which is why I'm proposing a little supervillain, superspy team-up. 
 I already have a brilliantly terrifying plan. 
 They say revenge is a dish best served cold, but I think the portions are big enough for us to split. 
 Why would I ever work with a psychopath? 
 Because there's another psychopath hunting you who's even scarier than me... let's be real. 
 I'm not afraid of her. 
 You should be. 
 [WHISPERING] 
 She can get you anywhere. 
 [NORMAL VOICE] 
 Just ask Kate. 
 Retribution is coming for both of us, Pennyloafer. 
 If we can work together and get to that sister-killing psycho bitch before she gets to us, you know, have each other's backs. 
 Heh. 
 Yeah. 
 Until you stick a knife in mine. 
 Well, we could do a couple of trust falls first. 
 Hmm? 
 Work up to the idea? 
 How does that sound? 
 Sounds like you're desperate. 
 Kate was the only person who had any sympathy left for you. 
 Now that she's gone, you don't have anyone. 
 Oh. 
 You know what else I don't have? 
 A knife sticking out of me. 
 Unh! 
 At least it wasn't in your back. 
 [GROANS] 
 LUKE: So I guess we have two uninvited guests. 
 What the hell are you doing here? 
 At the moment, trying not to puke. 
 What kind of animal did this? 
 There's got to be a thousand bites here. 
 All I know is this is a bad way to go. 
 MARY: It would be, but all these bites were post-mortem. 
 Mouse was poisoned. 
 - Are you sure? 
 - Yeah, because it's the same toxin that killed my mom, - and the only person with access to it... 
 - Alice. 
 I thought you said that Mouse was Alice's, like, only friend in the world. 
 Well, they must have had a falling out, which is more than a little disturbing given that Mouse was Alice's anchor to any semblance of humanity. 
 And if she killed him, she must really be unraveling. 
 [THUMP] 
 Wait. 
 Is he still... 
 - No. 
 I don't know. 
 - Then how is he moving? 
 [BAT CHIRPING] 
 Aah! 
 What? 
 I really hate bats. 
 I'm here at Gotham City Plaza, where citizens have gathered to show their support for Batwoman, who hasn't been seen in Gotham since the Crows ambushed her in Goliaths Stadium over a week ago, and despite the Crows threatening to make arrests, these protestors have made it clear that they're not going anywhere. 
 [PROTESTORS CHANTING, "WE WANT THE BAT!"] 
 So it wasn't enough for her to poison Mouse? 
 She had to feed him to bats, too? 
 Yeah. 
 I think this is her version of closure. 
 LUKE: Yeah. 
 Don't bet on that. 
 Julia just said Alice put a butterfly knife into her ribs. 
 She'll live. 
 Not sure we can say the same for anyone else. 
 What do you mean? 
 Alice told Julia she was planning something, said she used the words "brilliant" and "terrifying", which for Alice is pretty much redundant. 
 Didn't give a where or when but said the body count would be high. 
 Okay. 
 So some sort of public event, a densely populated area. 
 And the Goliaths aren't playing, so it can't be the stadium. 
 Guys. 
 Philharmonic doesn't start up for a few weeks. 
 She's got square miles of Gotham to choose from. 
 - Guys. 
 - Yes? 
 I think I can narrow it down. 
 Batwoman rally. 
 [CROWD CHANTING, "WE WANT THE BAT!"] 
 Got to admit, there's a kind of twisted poetry to killing the people demanding the return of her sister. 
 We got to get those people out of there. 
 Listen to them. 
 They're not going anywhere without Batwoman. 
 Okay. 
 So we put Julia in the suit. 
 She's worn it before, it fits. 
 She can tell them all to go home. 
 I think she's too hurt. 
 It's not an option. 
 I'll do it. 
 No. 
 Well, I don't think you have time to hold auditions. 
 I think people will know you're not Batwoman. 
 I did really great my first time in the suit. 
 Hello! 
 Black! 
 Okay. 
 I think that she knows that, and, what, you put her on top of a   -story building, people will be focused on the suit, not the person in it, and we're talking, what,    minutes? 
 You... 
 Mary, no! 
 Well, you're out of options, and you're out of time. 
 Put me in the suit. 
 [PROTESTORS CONTINUE CHANTING, "WE WANT THE BAT!"] 
 This is an unlawful assembly. 
 You are hereby ordered to disperse, or you risk arrest and prosecution. 
 [CHANTING CONTINUES] 
 [SIREN] 
 We gave them a warning. 
 Arrest them. 
 Bus them out of here. 
 Sir, these people are here because of Kate. 
 They want the same thing we do, for her to be back. 
 [CHANTING, "WE WANT THE BAT!"] 
 Okay. 
 Nobody saw that. 
 Yeah. 
 You want to use the cape to slow your descent. 
 Things that would have been nice to know before I jumped    stories. 
 Nothing's stopping you from asking before throwing yourself off a building, FYI. 
 - RYAN: Okay. 
 - MARY: Now look heroic! 
 Okay. 
 [CHANTING CONTINUES] 
 How's that? 
 Straighten that back and lose the hands on the hips because it's overkill. 
 Now clench those fists, chin up, and now try and angle that cape so it catches the wind. 
 Good? 
 There she is! 
 There she is! 
 [CHEERING AND APPLAUSE] 
 Kate? 
 [CHEERING CONTINUES] 
 Get that imposter off the roof. 
 Citizens of Gotham, you need to get out of here immediately. 
 [CHEERING] 
 No. 
 Seriously, people, your lives are in danger. 
 No. 
 Really, people. 
 I appreciate your support, but you all need to return to your homes. 
 [SLOW CLAP] 
 ALICE: You've got them fooled, but not me. 
 I don't know who you are, but you're not Batwoman. 
 Wait. 
 Is that Alice? 
 LUKE: Uh, Ryan, talk to me. 
 RYAN: I'm a little busy right now. 
 Do not engage. 
 Okay. 
 She's a killer. 
 I am well aware of that. 
 What exactly are you doing in my sister's hand-me-downs? 
 The one thing she wouldn't do. 
 I'm gonna kill you. 
 Okay. 
 Look. 
 I know what she did to your mom, and I get what she took away from you, but Batwoman does not kill. 
 Well, like you said, I'm not Batwoman. 
 I cannot let you do this. 
 Don't think you're in the position to stop me. 
 - [BEEP, STATIC] 
 - Ryan. 
 Ryan! 
 [SIGHS] 
 Well, the suit's for real. 
 What about the girl inside? 
 Let's find out. 
 [BOTH GRUNTING] 
 Ryan! 
 I knew we should have never let her near that suit. 
 Can you blame her after everything that Alice has done? 
 You... you can't seriously be okay with this. 
 You know what I'm really not okay with? 
 Everybody just expecting me to get over the fact that Alice killed my mom, and maybe if Kate would have done what Ryan's trying to do, she'd still be alive. 
 You willing to bet Kate's legacy on that? 
 It's over for you. 
 On the contrary, we're just getting started. 
 [BEEP BEEP BEEP] 
 [BARKING] 
 Oh, we got a problem. 
 Care to be more specific. 
 Okay. 
 It's a big problem. 
 Radar footprint's huge. 
 Whatever it is, it's heading straight for Ryan. 
 Was that supposed to do something? 
 Shh. 
 [WINGS FLUTTERING, BATS CHIRPING] 
 [SCREECHING] 
 [SCREAMING] 
 It appears we're under attack from bats. 
 Thousands are running for cover. 
 I've never seen anything... look out! 
 Aah! 
 LUKE: Hey, Ryan. 
 Ryan, come in. 
 Alice used some kind of device to draw the bats here. 
 [PEOPLE SCREAMING] 
 Oh, my God. 
 There's freaking bats everywhere. 
 RYAN: You don't think these are the bats that Alice fed Mouse to? 
 And they could be the carriers for the toxin that killed him. 
 I got to get back to the clinic. 
 [DOOR SHUTS] 
 I'm picking up a subsonic frequency drawing the bats to the Plaza. 
 It must be some kind of transmitter. 
 You got to get down there. 
 I'll be there in one minute. 
 These people don't have a minute. 
 Ryan! 
 Damn it! 
 [SCREAMING] 
 [GUNSHOT] 
 I'm bringing the suit's echolocation online. 
 Unh! 
 Found it. 
 SOPHIE: Hey, guys, guys. 
 Come on. 
 Get inside. 
 Unh! 
 Who are you? 
 The chick who just saved your life. 
 These bats are toxic. 
 Anyone who's bitten, get them to the hospital. 
 Now what should I do? 
 Smash the damn thing. 
 No. 
 It'll send these toxic bats all over the city. 
 You got a better idea? 
 
 
 
 I might. 
 I just don't think either of us is gonna like this. 
 MAN: Let's get it in there. 
 We got a lot more coming. 
 Just get them in here. 
 We'll figure it out. 
 Okay. 
 Any pain? 
 [MOANING] 
 I'll take that as a yes. 
 Okay. 
 No, no, no, no, no. 
 I'll get you something to make you more comfortable. 
 [GRUNTS] 
 I... think. 
 Relax, steppy. 
 I've already lost one of my sisters. 
 I'm not about to lose the, uh, only one I have left. 
 You really believe Kate's dead? 
 You know better than anyone that no body means there's still hope. 
 Oh. 
 I envy you, sis. 
 You still haven't kicked hope to the curb. 
 See, she and I, we have an understanding. 
 I stay out of hope's way, and she stays out of mine. 
 That way, she's not there to lie to me about Kate being alive. 
 Now while there's no hope for our dear sister, there may be for the Batfans. 
 You're giving me your blood? 
 Oh, no. 
 Actually, that's your blood. 
 I swiped it from you when Nocturna tried to drain you, so technically, it's a regift. 
 It's a rare vintage find with hints of Desert Rose, and it's the only thing that will treat that nasty, little toxin. 
 Poisoning my mom wasn't enough. 
 You had to go and poison all of Gotham, too, and now I'm just supposed to believe that you gift wrapped the antidote? 
 Heh. 
 I just figured I'd missed a lot of your birthdays, so... heh heh heh. 
 I think you miss Kate. 
 I think underneath all of your crazy, this is your cry for help. 
 This your sick way of grieving? 
 I met the new girl. 
 This one's actually willing to kill me. 
 She's gonna be a... handful. 
 [DEVICE BEEPING] 
 You got   lanes. 
 Try to stay in one of them. 
 Oh, give me a break. 
 I can barely get my van to do   . 
 [TIRES SQUEAL] 
 Hey. 
 Got more coming in. 
 I heard a report that Gotham City General's got more than    . 
 They don't know what this is or how to treat it. 
 Guess they don't have this. 
 It's the only thing in the world that can save them. 
 - Where'd you get it? 
 - From Alice. 
 You can't possibly trust her. 
 I don't think we have a choice. 
 Even if Alice is telling the truth, you can't cure all the bite victims with just that. 
 No, I can't, but if I give it to Hamilton Dynamics, maybe they can synthesize enough to save everyone, or at least I hope they can, but there's only one way to find out. 
 I got a vacant warehouse off the Schwartz Bypass,  . 
 miles. 
 No. 
 Not enough time. 
 I need something closer. 
 Okay. 
 There's a decommissioned subway station at Needer Avenue, should be empty. 
 No, no, no. 
 That's a homeless encampment. 
 There's people down there. 
 Okay, okay. 
 Working on it. 
 No rush. 
 [TIRES SQUEALING] 
 Luke, I might have an idea. 
 Talk to me. 
 Probably better if I ask for forgiveness than for permission. 
 [TIRES SQUEALING] 
 Ryan, what are you doing? 
 Wish I knew. 
 DRIVER: Hey! 
 What are you doing? 
 Get off the bus now! 
 No. 
 - Please. 
 - Whoa! 
 - Come on. 
 - Are you kidding me? 
 What, are you crazy? 
 [BATS SCREECHING] 
 RYAN: Get down! 
 Batwoman? 
 Oh, no, no. 
 I'm not really Batwoman. 
 Well, you are to me. 
 After a night of terror, hope has returned to Gotham, and it's arrived on the back of a Hamilton Dynamics truck. 
 Thanks to the quick action taken by the technology firm, everyone infected is receiving treatment. 
 The lines are long, and frankly, so is the needle. 
 Hamilton Dynamics is remaining tight-lipped on how they were able to generate a serum so quickly, but we're all certainly glad they did. 
 As for the swarm... 
 I mean, a little credit would have been nice. 
 All I did was give you your magic ingredient for your miracle cure, but you do you, Hamilton Dynamics. 
 What's Alice's play here? 
 Good deeds aren't her thing, and I think we both know she didn't just grow a conscience. 
 She went through a lot of trouble to unleash a plague onto an entire city only to play ninth inning Jonas Salk. 
 She's too cunning and calculating. 
 This is part of something bigger. 
 If this is the opener, I don't think we're ready for the main event. 
 Me neither. 
 I just hope the new Batwoman is. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Me, too. 
 What do you know about the new Batwoman? 
 - Uhh. 
 - Do you know who she is? 
 For the record, no, but short of a name, is there any answer I could give you that you'd believe? 
 Probably not. 
 Well, maybe I can give you a consolation prize, a possible location on Alice. 
 I had them analyze the floor mats on my SUV after my little chat with Alice. 
 Turns out her boots left behind traces of tri-ethyl benzene, a byproduct of tire manufacturing. 
 I'm guessing she's holed up somewhere near the Dresner Motor Plant. 
 Good. 
 Let's keep this between us. 
 Backup will just scare her off. 
 Did she say she loved you? 
 In the letter, did Kate say she loved you? 
 What does it matter? 
 I just want to know if we're over because you don't trust me or... because I'm not Kate. 
 Both. 
 So, what, you didn't ask me enough questions the first time? 
 You gonna break out the waterboard? 
 Look. 
 I know I hauled you in here and interrogated you like some suspect, and I'm sorry about that. 
 I'm trying. 
 I am. 
 I just don't want to make the same mistakes that I made with Beth. 
 I don't want to give up hope that Kate's alive. 
 You believe she's still alive, don't you? 
 I... 
 I think that if we're gonna find her you and I have to work together. 
 I didn't know the whole dry-cleaning situation, but I think that burnt bat smell is here to stay. 
 Heh. 
 And I was kind of hoping I could be, too. 
 I appreciate everything you did. 
 But saving a whole bunch of lives twice isn't good enough? 
 We already have a Batwoman. 
 Where was she last night? 
 Best thing that ever happened to me was the day Mama Cora found me. 
 Second best thing was the day I found that suit, but I can't help but to feel like that suit found me. 
 This city needs hope, Luke. 
 Hell, we all need it, and I saw it today in the face of a young girl who's been told her entire life that hope doesn't exist. 
 Give me a chance, and I can bring that hope back to Gotham. 
 Look. 
 Kate Kane was top of her class at one of the most elite military academies in the world, and she still struggled to take down criminals. 
 Maybe she didn't spend enough time with them. 
 I have been trapped in a life surrounded by criminals. 
 I know how they think, how they act, but most of all, I know how to stop them. 
 MARY: I hope you're right because if Alice is planning something big, then the city's gonna need a Batwoman, and honestly, so do I. 
 Batwoman... has a code. 
 No killing. 
 [SIGHS] 
 Fine. 
 Until Kate's back. 
 Come on. 
 I'll show you around. 
 Ha! 
 It's my first time giving the tour. 
 WOMAN: ♪ And everything is moving on ♪    
 VESPER FAIRCHILD: Greetings, G-town. 
 So how was your night? 
 In what could have been a real batastrophe, victory was pulled from the tiny jaws of defeat by our returning champion Batwoman, but some eyewitnesses report that last night's heroics were courtesy of a new lady Bat. 
 Is this true? 
 Did the old one just throw in the cowl? 
 What's going on here? 
 Talk to me, Gotham. 
 WOMAN: ♪ When in it fills up your breath ♪   
 ♪ And in your soul ♪    
 ♪ You're never the same ♪    
 ♪ This the mo-o-o-oment ♪    
 ♪ Ah, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪  
 ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪     
 ♪ Learning from every single stutter ♪     
 ♪ A self-revolution ♪    
 ♪ The only thing that never fit ♪   
 ♪ You feel on display ♪   
 RYAN, VOICE-OVER: "Dear Bruce, Happy Halloween. 
 A few tricks, one nice treat. 
 Tonight, I saw a girl who reminded me of myself. 
 Scared but fearless". 
 Agh! 
 [GRUNTING] 
 "Determined not to let the darkness of Gotham get the best of her. 
 People like her are the hope this city needs". 
 WOMAN: ♪ The one where you find you ♪     
 ♪ You'll never forget ♪     
 ♪ When it fills up your breath ♪    
 ♪ And in your soul ♪     
 ♪ You're never the same ♪    
 ♪ This is the m-o-o-o-oment ♪     
 I've never looked good in red. 
 Put them on. 
 Behind your back. 
 WOMAN: She's mine. 
 Unh! 
 [THUD] 
 The Desert Rose was not meant for Gotham, and now your little stunt with that miracle cure has drawn Safiyah's wrath. 
 Well, that was what I intended, so... 
 Stupid girl. 
 My dear, sweet Tatiana, if you were sent here to kill me, my head would already be in your carry-on on the way back to Coryana. 
 Safiyah will see you die for this. 
 Maybe, but first, she has to see me. 
 Unh! 
 MAN: Greg, move your head! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 