Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x07 - Tell Me the Truth - Batwoman 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x07 - Tell Me the Truth https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=909&t=35279 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 11/18/19 07:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x07 - Tell Me the Truth 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Previously on "Batwoman" Dazzle me. 
  A perfect match for Dean Deveraux. 
  Wouldn't you agree, Mr. 
  Deveraux? 
  Catherine Hamilton's investigators found skull fragments of a little girl. 
  - It's Beth. 
  - You never would have moved on if you didn't think that Beth were dead. 
  I paid the DNA analyst to write the report. 
  Get away from me. 
  Just get away from me. 
  If I wanted to kill you, I would have to wait for you to be wearing the suit. 
  Your concern for me is so touching, dear sister. 
  So Kate is Batwoman. 
  - Is this you? 
  - Wasn't me. 
  Tyler, this is Kate. 
  You're married. 
  I don't know how you did it, Bruce. 
  You spent night after night in these same shadows, prowling, hunting, hiding, and you did it in secret all alone. 
  Everyone all right? 
  Bravo Team, check in Allesandro's. 
  I'll circle around back. 
  You heard her. 
  Move out. 
  Did it ever get to you, Bruce, the loneliness? 
  Did you ever let yourself trust anyone? 
  Kate! 
  How'd that work out for you? 
  Sorry to disappoint. 
  Your dad ordered The Crows to stop you at any cost. 
  He needs to know you're his daughter. 
  You have the wrong girl. 
  Kate, I'm serious. 
  You're in danger, and if you won't tell him, I will. 
  - Do you trust me? 
  - What? 
  I'll find you. 
  Shooter escaped. 
  Was that Batwoman? 
  She say anything to you? 
  No. 
  She just took off. 
  Tuxedo One here. 
  I was right. 
  The Rifle's made his way to Gotham. 
  Batwoman 1x07 Tell Me the Truth The third time is not the charm for Gotham's prolific shadow shooter. 
  After killing two people this week, sources say Batwoman thwarted his attack at Alessandro's last night, which means I'm not the only one who thinks they have they have best ossobuco in the city. 
  Without the city's hero, our doors would be shuttered. 
  Batwoman, if you see this, you are welcome for a free meal at Alessandro's anytime, anytime. 
  Hey. 
  Just read this news blurb your dad filed for divorce. 
  Yep. 
  Are you okay? 
  He married a woman who preyed on his grief and convinced him that I was crazy for thinking Beth was still alive. 
  Unh! 
  I can't say I'm losing any sleep over it. 
  If it means anything, I didn't sleep last night either. 
  "Why, Luke? 
  What was on your mind?" Oh. 
  Thanks for asking. 
  I was up analyzing the list of everyone who was at Alessandro's for dinner. 
  "Hey. 
  Cool. 
  Way to take the initiative on that! 
  Find anything?" I did, in fact. 
  Last two victims of the sniper both worked for your future ex-stepmother's companies. 
  Now one of Alessandro's dinner guests Derek Holcomb works for Pyra Electrics. 
  They make all of Hamilton Dynamics' conductors, which following the pattern makes him the target. 
  I need to find him. 
  I agree, but I haven't quite found a home address. 
  Then find it. 
  Urgency's good. 
  You're being very urgent, though. 
  - Sophie knows who I am. 
  - Right. 
  - Thought Sophie was cool. 
  - You're not getting it. 
  She's threatening to tell my dad. 
  He's gonna freak out and shut us down. 
  Means no more protecting people, no more helping the city, no more Batwoman. 
  Can you trust her? 
  I used to trust her with everything. 
  Then just be real with her, and for the sake of the city, convince the hell out of her not to tell your dad who you are. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  - Have you seen him? 
  - Kane? 
  Heard he went upstate. 
  Why? 
  I need to talk to him about something. 
  Well, I'm sure he brought his phone. 
  Kind of an in-person thing. 
  Is it kind of a husband thing? 
  Because now I'm supercurious. 
  I promise you'll be the second person to know. 
  I thought you said Batwoman took off before you could talk to her. 
  She did. 
  Why? 
  Are you working with her? 
  Am I working with her? 
  I mean, look how close you two are. 
  I commanded she surrender. 
  You're acting like we exchanged brownie recipes. 
  Sophie, do you know who she is? 
  No. 
  Tyler, I don't. 
  Okay. 
  So now Dad's not even showing up to the divorce proceedings? 
  The lawyer said he's upstate. 
  He bailed, Kate bailed. 
  If I knew it was attendance optional, I would have literally been anywhere else. 
  Are we gonna talk about this or just act like everything isn't about to change? 
  Not everything has to change. 
  We still have the penthouse. 
  You can still go to school. 
  I'm losing my sister. 
  Kate and I have finally started to have a connection after 5 years, and now she hates me because of you. 
  When you are a mother, you'll understand why I did what I did. 
  What am I supposed to do until then? 
  You're the only family I have left, and I don't even want to be in this car with you right now. 
  Mary, I have enough going on right now without another guilt trip. 
  Your text doesn't make sense. 
  A coil accelerator doesn't just go missing. 
  It's under Level 5 security protocol. 
  Then get me Dean Deveraux. 
  He created the gun. 
  He'll know exactly what's going on. 
  Oh, my God. 
  Killed by whom? 
  Derek Holcomb just swiped his badge at the Hamilton Dynamics exit two minutes ago. 
  We need to get him before the shooter does. 
  I see him. 
  Heads-up. 
  Second heat signature 30 feet to the west. 
  I see him, too. 
  Uh, Batcave to Batwoman. 
  There's Let me guess. 
  A third heat signature? 
  Not another step, Batwoman. 
  I'll be bringing him in. 
  Good news Derek Holcomb got away. 
  Bad news so did the shooter. 
  Ha ha ha! 
  Ha ha! 
  Kate Kane. 
  What? 
  I'd recognize that hammer strike anywhere. 
  After all, I taught it to you. 
  Julia Pennyworth. 
  Figured Alfred would have taught you better manners. 
  Let's leave my father out of this. 
  Who was that assassin, and what the hell are you doing in my city? 
  Good job, Sweet Mouse, and that is how you kill someone the first time. 
  I killed two men for you. 
  Of the three I requested. 
  If I walked around failing at a third of everything I did, I'd still be locked in a cell on a diet of my own fingernails. 
  Mouse, can you tell our friend here why we hired him to kill those scientists? 
  Because they were the only people on the planet who knew how to make that gun. 
  Hmm. 
  Which makes this one of a kind. 
  See, I did your boss a favor. 
  Now no one can re-create it. 
  Time to hand over what she promised me in return. 
  Easy, Blondie. 
  Where is it? 
  She's not giving you anything until she finds out that works. 
  Hmm. 
  Send her a selfie and give me a call when you have what I'm owed. 
  So who does he work for? 
  The Rifle? 
  Anyone and everyone. 
  That's what makes him slippery. 
  My agency assigned me to him 8 months ago. 
  Ha ha! 
  You kept Dino. 
  Bruce would be so happy. 
  So how'd The Rifle end up here? 
  Well, I lost sight of him in Jakarta, picked up his scent in Metropolis, and then I followed a tip that he got a job in Gotham. 
  Whenever The Rifle shows up, he leaves death and destruction in his wake. 
  I know the type. 
  Good for you, following in your cousin's footsteps. 
  Bruce is apparently better at keeping a secret than I am. 
  To be fair, I did teach you that move and a few others if I recall. 
  Holy crap! 
  Don't worry. 
  She's - Julia? 
  - Luke fox. 
  - What are you doing here? 
  - Business, glimpses of pleasure. 
  How you doing, Love? 
  You know, holding down the fort. 
  Of course you are. 
  Chip off the old block. 
  I was just gonna suggest to Kate that we all team up and nab this sniping b*st*rd. 
  What do you say? 
  Not happening unless you forgot the last time we teamed up. 
  I'm missing something. 
  Kate's still sore at me for a little white lie I told in the British Isles. 
  When I first met Julia, she was pretending to be a Krav Maga teacher. 
  She'd just been naughtily expelled from military school, sent off to train with strangers around the world, and Bruce asked me to check up on his favorite cousin without making it seem like I was babysitting. 
  So you lied and pretended that you had a thing for me. 
  Love, the only thing I lied about was why I was there. 
  Oh. 
  So you two know each other know each other. 
  Well, I was only trying to help you move on from what was her name Sophie something. 
  - Yeah. 
  That didn't work. 
  - I'm sorry. 
  Who asked you? 
  Oh. 
  We still not over her then? 
  She's married - To a man. 
  - We're done talking about this. 
  She is hell-bent on telling my dad that I'm Batwoman, and I need to convince her not to. 
  How can I help? 
  Find The Rifle guy and stay the hell out of my business. 
  "I hereby deny the allegation of homosexual conduct. 
  Signing the above denial will drop all disciplinary action and permit the cadet in question to reengage with all academic activity". 
  - Damn it. 
  - It's gonna be okay. 
  For you. 
  Your dad doesn't dry heave when he sees a rainbow flag. 
  My mom calls gays degenerate sinners. 
  We should tell the truth. 
  They'll kick us out. 
  We'll never make it into the army. 
  If we lie, why are we even here? 
  Besides, they're not gonna kick out the academy's top two cadets a week before graduation. 
  What if you're wrong? 
  Sophie Look at everything we've done over the past 4 years. 
  First off, we're women at Point Rock. 
  Sophie Freaking Moore broke Sean Azadi's obstacle record by one second. 
  You did make the sharpshooter competition your bitch. 
  And we did it all together, and we'll get through this together as long as we stay united. 
  You're right. 
  They're not gonna expel Sophie Freaking Moore. 
  Let's do it. 
  Let's tell them the truth. 
  We're telling them the truth. 
  I need to run a quick errand. 
  - Is it her? 
  - Who? 
  - Batwoman. 
  - No. 
  And keep your voice down. 
  So it is her. 
  Look. 
  I'll tell you everything when I get back. 
  - I promise. 
  - Soph. 
  Hey. 
  Thanks for meeting with me. 
  Interesting choice. 
  Wine, candlelight, your favorite kicks. 
  If I didn't know better, I'd think you were about to propose. 
  Very funny. 
  So why am I here, Kate? 
  Before I say anything, I need to know I can trust you. 
  I can't promise you something when I don't know what it is. 
  Yeah. 
  I I need you to Okay. 
  You can trust me. 
  So. 
  I should start by saying I'm the last person I ever imagined would be in this position. 
  Pardon the interruption, Ladies. 
  Unfortunately, sneakers are not allowed in the dining area. 
  I'm surprised that you could see them considering they're hiding underneath our table. 
  Dress codes are dress codes. 
  Right. 
  That guy right there is wearing sneakers. 
  Maybe you would enjoy instead our lounge outside. 
  Thank you, but we're really good here. 
  Sophie, my love, what would you like to eat? 
  Kate. 
  Signora Let's avoid a scene. 
  Then admit that the only thing offensive about my shoes is me. 
  Kate, chill. 
  Please tell me you get what's happening right now. 
  Miss I need to ask you to leave. 
  Oh. 
  Then I need to call my stepsister Mary Hamilton. 
  Do you know her? 
  Because she knows you and 3. 
  5 million other people. 
  Uh, yeah. 
  One snap from her, and she will shut this place down faster than you can say, "Gay people make me feel uncomfortable!" Enjoy your meal. 
  Yeah. 
  Thanks, but we're not hungry anymore. 
  Was that necessary? 
  Standing up for myself? 
  Yeah. 
  That's what it looks like when it comes out naturally. 
  Don't even go there, Kate. 
  I have no intention of going there. 
  There is some sad and lonely closet that I want nothing to do with. 
  What went down at Point Rock was the worst day of my life. 
  Worse than having the love of your life lie straight to your face? 
  I wasn't planning to lie to you. 
  Is that supposed to make me feel better? 
  I was going to do everything we talked about, tell the truth, throw the letter in their face, - stand my ground. 
  - So what happened? 
  I got a second opinion. 
  So this day sucks. 
  Mr. Kane, hi. 
  Your mom coming for the hearing? 
  I asked them not to call her. 
  - She has no idea. 
  - Hmm. 
  I love your daughter, Sir. 
  Kate and I are gonna stick together on this. 
  They can't kick out their top two cadets. 
  Well Moore, you should do whatever you think you need to do. 
  But? 
  But if you think you're gonna walk out of there without signing that letter of denial and still graduate, you are in for a major disappointment. 
  Did you say that to Kate? 
  Kate is fearless, passionate, and reckless. 
  She is gonna walk into that hearing and burn the house down. 
  Nothing I say can convince her otherwise. 
  That's what I love about her, but this will be her last day at Point Rock. 
  What about the bad press? 
  This school is built on history, tradition, and code. 
  They'll point to the rules, say you broke them, forget you ever existed. 
  If I don't tell the truth, it will destroy our relationship. 
  I can't make this decision for you And I am sorry you have to make it at all. 
  You looked me straight in the eye and told me you didn't love me. 
  I thought it would be cleaner than Than telling me that my dad convinced you to lie? 
  He didn't tell me to lie. 
  He opened my eyes to reality. 
  I was going to get expelled, and thanks to him, I ended up serving, I graduated, I made money for my family. 
  I got handpicked by your dad to help lead The Crows. 
  You credit your entire career to my dad? 
  I credit him for stopping me from losing everything I worked for. 
  And instead, you just lost me. 
  How long? 
  The details don't matter. 
  I'm here thinking you have a bead on Batwoman's identity, and you sit me down and tell me that dating a chick almost got you expelled from military academy. 
  I'm owed some details, Soph. 
  We met sophomore year. 
  Our dorm rooms were in the same building. 
  So 3 years. 
  Give or take. 
  Give or take? 
  Just to be clear, 3 years is longer than any relationship I've had outside of you. 
  I'm not saying it's insignificant. 
  Then why didn't you tell me? 
  You've met my mom. 
  Heh. 
  Yeah. 
  Does she know? 
  Of course not, but that's what I'm saying. 
  I didn't tell anyone. 
  I just wanted it to go away. 
  Has it? 
  Tyler, you are my husband. 
  I love you. 
  Has your thing with Kate gone away? 
  Got it, Soph. 
  So the guy just burst through the door at the Noodle House, yelling, "Pennyworth, you're mine!" So that's how Kate found out who you really were? 
  Well, yeah. 
  Once I knocked the guy on his ass, I couldn't really go back to my egg drop soup without explaining. 
  Kate's bags were packed, and she was gone by the end of the day. 
  Story time. 
  You must have a 20 on The Rifle. 
  Sad news actually. 
  We found Derek Holcomb. 
  Despite dodging death twice, poor bloke was found knifed to death in an alley. 
  Not exactly The Rifle's M. O. 
  So the trail's gone cold? 
  For now. 
  So how'd Sophie take it? 
  She didn't. 
  I didn't tell her. 
  You're a few sandwiches short of a picnic, Love. 
  She's gonna tell your dad. 
  She would anyway. 
  There's no way Sophie will ever be anything but loyal to him. 
  So how do we keep him from shutting us down? 
  We move to Plan "C". 
  Which is? 
  A little bit crazy. 
  Oh, my God. 
  You have a safe room?! 
  - Um, Mary. 
  - How did you get past security? 
  Carl at the front desk loves double-whipped frappuccinos. 
  Good. 
  He'll be making them soon. 
  Anyway, can we confab about the implosion of our family? 
  You're new. 
  This is Julia. 
  Julia is my assistant. 
  You have two assistants who work past midnight for a real estate company without any real estate? 
  Now is not really a good time. 
  Yeah. 
  I got that. 
  Look. 
  I know everything at home sucks right now. 
  I will call you tomorrow. 
  Is our parents' divorce even a blip on your radar? 
  Because it sort of feels like I'm the only one trying to hold our family together, and I'm starting to wonder if there's really any point. 
  Welcome back. 
  I know I'm the last person you want to see right now. 
  Whatever it is, we should work it out with lawyers present. 
  No lawyers, Jacob. 
  This is bigger than that. 
  I think I know who the sniper is targeting. 
  Hamilton Dynamics had been working on a coil accelerator that could penetrate the kevlar on Batman's suit. 
  When he disappeared, we put the project on hold. 
  Then Batwoman showed up. 
  We had it reinstated. 
  And the only 3 engineers intimately connected to the project have already been killed. 
  Including the designer, whose last check-in was at one of Hamilton's top-secret labs. 
  When we find the gun, I'll call you. 
  A microspectrometer can track the gun's electromagnetic radiation. 
  We don't have the technology to do that here. 
  Actually, we can do that now, Sir. 
  Didn't mean to eavesdrop, but A. R. G. U. S. leant us microspectrometers for testing last month. 
  You know, I don't recall this being an open forum. 
  Permission for a moment alone, Sir. 
  It's urgent. 
 
 
 
  Thank you, Jacob. 
  If there's a coil accelerator out there on the streets of Gotham, you need to find it. 
  We will, but I have other pressing matters apart from cleaning up another mess created by my wife. 
  The gun could kill Batwoman. 
  That's not really my problem. 
  Actually it is, sir. 
  I said I'll deal with it another time. 
  Sir, she's your daughter. 
  Kate is Batwoman, and if there's someone out there who wants to kill her with this gun, we need to stop him. 
  As you requested. 
  Hmm. 
  Then I have what she wanted. 
  Send Batwoman my love. 
  Alpha Team, report. 
  - First floor is clear. 
  - Roof's clear. 
  Are we sure about this place? 
  The radioactive signature on the gun is off the charts. 
  Whoever has it is close by. 
  - You signed it. 
  - I told them what they wanted to hear. 
  You lied. 
  I need this school, okay? 
  - I want to be here. 
  - But they don't want you. 
  Unfortunately, I don't have the luxury of being offended by that And maybe it's best if you just kept your distance from now on. 
  Hey. 
  I know you love me. 
  Tell me that I'm wrong, and I'll walk away and let you make the biggest mistake of your life. 
  You're wrong, Kate. 
  I have to go. 
  That's Kate's sharpshooter competition medal. 
  Cadet Kane doesn't go here anymore. 
  Do you even know how she won that? 
  Guess it doesn't really matter, does it? 
  She didn't even try. 
  In fact, she was so hungover from Tequila shots the night before, it was insane anyone even handed her a gun, and she still managed to be the best. 
  Out of 200 other cadets, she hit the target dead on every time because Kate Kane doesn't waver. 
  She did more for this school than anyone who's ever gone here, so you can scrub her name from every plaque and banner and roster, but you will never erase her or the effect she's had on the people here. 
  Base to Moore. 
  What's your 20? 
  No sign of him, Sir. 
  I'll check back in 5. 
  10-4. 
  - Anything? 
  - No. 
  Not yet. 
  And what did Sophie want? 
  Eh, it's complicated. 
  Is it me, or does everything lately seem complicated? 
  But the thing about complicated is we handle it better than anyone I know. 
  We met under the most complicated circumstances imaginable. 
  You were so lost, Jacob, so full of guilt and anger and hopelessness. 
  All I wanted to do was give you a place to put it all, so we channeled it all right here. 
  If we can turn the pain into power, we can do anything, Jacob, as long as we do it together. 
  What are you doing here? 
  You need to get out of this building. 
  Seriously, you need to leave now. 
  Sophie. 
  Before you say anything, I want you to know if I could do it all over again, I would have jumped on the back of your bike and left Point Rock in my dust. 
  Did you tell Jacob Kane? 
  Yes, but I didn't tell him because I'm loyal to The Crows. 
  I told him because you're going to get yourself killed, if not by us then by one of your enemies, and if that ever happened Kate, I can't lose you. 
  Sophie? 
  What the hell is going on? 
  I was about to ask you the same thing. 
  Touching story. 
  I couldn't help myself. 
  How are you here, Kate? 
  Aah! 
  There's an electromagnetic surge on the second floor. 
  All units, converge! 
  What the hell was that? 
  A coil accelerator. 
  No sign of the assassin, sir. 
  We got one better Batwoman. 
  Bring her to me. 
  I thought her suit was bulletproof. 
  That's what I was trying to tell you or her whatever. 
  Whoever shot her used a gun that could kill her. 
  What the hell are you doing? 
  Getting her back! 
  Luke, come in. 
  Luke. 
  Hey. 
  I've been trying to reach you. 
  I heard the explosion over comms and got worried when you didn't report in. 
  The Crows have Julia. 
  Activate the suit's GPS. 
  Please tell me this has nothing to do with the massive amounts of electromagnetic radiation spewing from that area. 
  Just activate the GPS. 
  Okay. 
  They're on 5th and Grant in the Bowery. 
  They're headed toward the 22nd street tunnel. 
  Once they're through, they're at The Crows' headquarters, and Julia's screwed. 
  You got to do something right now. 
  Get your ass on the ground! 
  Get on the ground! 
  - Hey. 
  - Oh, thank God. 
  What the hell was that? 
  You were hit by a gun that could have killed you. 
  I don't know why it didn't. 
  The gun didn't work. 
  You said the projectile would penetrate the suit. 
  Oh, dear. 
  How puzzling it all is, and to think you personally killed everyone capable of fixing it. 
  Oh, wait. 
  I had my Little Mouse kill one. 
  Guess I'm one-third responsible. 
  Oops! 
  Listen, you crazy bitch. 
  You didn't just play me. 
  You played her. 
  Sofiyah's gonna be pissed Don't you ever say her name in front of me! 
  Ahh. 
  She's a smart woman. 
  She'll figure it out. 
  She's as smart as she is unforgiving. 
  Whatever reason you betrayed her, better be worth it. 
  As you requested. 
  See, dear sister? 
  There isn't anything I wouldn't do to protect you. 
  Oi. 
  Oh, careful. 
  I'm livid The Rifle got away. 
  The broken ribs from our little ruse aren't helping either. 
  Heh. 
  Consider us even. 
  So I thought about it, and it makes sense, the not trusting people thing. 
  Clear as day, in fact. 
  Don't tell me. 
  You've figured me out. 
  I was gonna say I'm sorry. 
  I should have been straight about who I was when we met, especially once feelings got involved. 
  Instead, I burned you, and now your girl Sophie's doing the same, trust be damned. 
  She is not my girl. 
  Whoever she is, it's a shame because she loves you. 
  Not to crash the party, but the knife police recovered from Derek Holcomb's chest was a butterfly knife. 
  You think it's Alice's. 
  Why would she want him dead? 
  She hired The Rifle to kill anyone who was connected to the gun and then tried to kill me with it. 
  Sounds like delicious family drama unh and unfortunately, I won't get to see how the play ends. 
  You're leaving? 
  There's a sniper on the loose who is trying to kill me. 
  Relax, Love. 
  My agency's just got word he's headed back to an island off the Mediterranean with that gun in tow, which means I'm on a one-way flight to Santorini. 
  Just don't get yourself killed. 
  I'm touched you care. 
  See you again soon, Kate. 
  Luke, always a pleasure. 
  You know, apart from my father and Lucius of course, Bruce Wayne never trusted a soul. 
  Now I'm not judging his choices. 
  I wasn't in his shoes, but When you don't trust anyone, it means that you can disappear for 4 years without a single person on the planet having any idea where you are. 
  Now, call me sentimental, but I don't think that's a good thing. 
  Nice digs. 
  Gotham Pride real estate's first acquisition. 
  Catchy name. 
  So I heard someone took out a Crows Van with a 50-meter precision shot. 
  I got the impression that Batwoman means a lot to you, and I didn't want her to end up in the wrong hands. 
  Brought you something to celebrate, and I cleared things up with your dad, told him I was wrong about the Batwoman thing and how I assumed you weren't real with me because of went down at Point Rock. 
  Me in a red wig? 
  It's not happening. 
  Then why did you invite me to dinner? 
  I, uh I needed to clear things up with you. 
  As hard as I've tried to get over you, I can't, and it's it's not fair to you, and based on what I heard you tell Batwoman, it's definitely not fair to Tyler. 
  - Kate - Actually, I think you were right 6 years ago, and maybe it's best if I keep my distance from now on. 
  If that's what you think will work. 
  I think it has to. 
  Good luck with the place. 
  See you, Sophie. 
  Batman was praised and revered, but Bruce Wayne not so much. 
  No one knew the man beneath the cowl. 
  You didn't let them in, Bruce, for good reason. 
  Because even the people we love are still people at the end of the day. 
  You want the truth? 
  The truth is anything I felt for Kate Kane went away the day I chose my future over her. 
  You're the only one I love, Tyler. 
  They act out of fear, pride, hope, pain, and sometimes, they let us down, but you know better than I do that no one can be a lone wolf forever. 
  Need a hand with that? 
  That is exactly why I called. 
  So of all the dumps for sale in Gotham, why this place? 
  The guy across the street asked me to leave his restaurant. 
  I wonder how he'll like it when I turn this joint into a gay bar. 
  So obviously, I'm running point on design. 
  I have to let people in even if it's just one person and one small piece of myself at a time. 
  Hey, kid. 
  Just checking in. 
  My lead on Cartwright upstate was a dead end. 
  Guy I found came up clean. 
  Waste of a couple of days. 
  Worth a shot. 
  Anyway, I'll probably stay up here another night and then head back to Gotham to figure out our next move. 
  Hope you're good. 
  Daddy, you are so handsome. 
  Catherine seems to think so. 
  I assumed you'd let the snake slither back into her husband's good graces. 
  Burrowed in so deep, I can still hear her rattle. 
  They'll never see it coming. 
  "A red-hot poker will burn you if you hold it too long, and if you cut your finger deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds, and if you drink much from a bottle marked poison, it is almost certain to disagree with you sooner or later". 
  Heh heh. 
  Get some sleep, my dear Mouse. 
  We need to be in our prime if we are to host the most memorable mad tea party Gotham has ever seen. 
  Ha ha ha! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 