Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x12 - Take Your Choice - Batwoman 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x12 - Take Your Choice https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=909&t=35919 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 02/17/20 07:52 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x12 - Take Your Choice 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 This is constructed of actual human skin? 
  Yeah. 
  We linked DNA on the mask to dozens of individuals, all dead. 
  I'm not following. 
  Alice robbed a series of morgues a few months ago. 
  We think she was stealing skin off corpses to help Mouse make that mask so he can impersonate Commander Kane and kill Catherine in the process. 
  Look, Dr. 
  Campbell. 
  Your name carries a lot of weight in this city. 
  We could really use your testimony. 
  I agree. 
  There's a definite likeness to you, but, uh, the notion of a man crafting a mask out of different skins to perfectly resemble the face of another man and pulling it off convincingly, this heh heh is science fiction. 
  Right now, we have an innocent man in prison and a murderer in custody who's refusing to talk. 
  Doctor, if there's any way you can help with this I'm sorry. 
  You say you have, uh, this Mouse character under lock and key? 
  Yeah. 
  We got him on 24-hour watch in Gotham General. 
  I'll need to meet him. 
  I'll run a few tests, and if they convince me this is possible, then I'll sign the affidavit testifying that an innocent man could have been framed. 
  Thank you, Dr. 
  Campbell. 
  I hope I can get you out of here. 
  I really do. 
  We need you back at headquarters. 
  Don't doubt yourself. 
  You'll find Alice. 
  And if I don't, her next victim's on me. 
  You want to prove to this city from Alice to every two-bit criminal wannabe that you're a force to be reckoned with? 
  Well, then you eliminate the threat at any cost. 
  Go, go, go. 
  Move, move! Honestly, I don't know who's a bigger threat to Gotham Alice or us for letting her get away. 
  Hands up. 
  Don't move! Show us your hands! I want her dealt with for good, which is why I'm ordering a B-42. 
  You sure you can do that, Moore? 
  It's acting commander, and yes. 
  If you see Alice, do not hesitate. 
  Shoot to kill. 
  Weird observation, but Gotham seemed a lot less bumpy on my Earth. 
  Sorry, Beth. 
  I'm avoiding checkpoints. 
  We need to get you out of town. 
  Once we get you out of The Crows' crosshairs, we can figure out what's wrong with you. 
  Oh, my God! Your ear! You're bleeding. 
  It's getting worse. 
  Speed up. 
  I would love to, Mary, but slight problem. 
  Since when is there a checkpoint here? 
  Guys, I can't exactly turn around. 
  Uh, tell them I'm going into labor and we need to get to a hospital. 
  Um, have you seen you? 
  I can't breathe. 
  Okay. 
  Now what the hell is the problem? 
  I'm obviously having an asthma attack and in need of medical attention. 
  Okay. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Your asthma attack's not very believable. 
  Why is the concept of lying so difficult for you to grasp? 
  - Your yelling's not stop! - Why can't you just lie? 
  - Guys! - Yeah. 
  We're screwed. 
  Under the blanket. 
  Go, go, go, go, go! Okay! It's tight. 
  Guys, guys, guys, I got to stop. 
  Look. 
  Not to pull the whole do you know who my father is, but maybe the reason Alice escaped your custody in the first place is because The Crows have a tendency of overlooking minor details like hi. 
  My dad is your boss. 
  - Miss Hamilton. 
  - Exactly. 
  So if you could just tell your boys to stand down. 
  Just trying to do our job, ma'am. 
  And we so do appreciate it. 
  Go, Gotham! Okay. 
  I'm gonna have to get you to step out of the car. 
  Sir, that was my yorkie. 
  Automatic weapons give him anxiety. 
  Get out of damn the car! Okay. 
  We're cool. 
  Just gonna reach for my seatbelt, okay? 
  Any ideas? 
  Panic? 
  Step out of the vehicle, ma'am. 
  Okay. 
  Okay. 
  Really? 
  We're doing this? 
  Got someone in the back. 
  Aah! What's going on? 
  Halt! Stop! Agh! Go! Apologies for a late broadcast, Gotham. 
  Like many of you, I was stopped on my way to work by Crows agents looking for Alice. 
  On the upside, I'm pretty sure that involuntary pat-down counts as my annual mammogram. 
  Holy police state, Batwoman! Can we find her already? 
  What are we looking for? 
  Now see, I wouldn't be caught dead in that uniform, but I'm glad you were. 
  Heh. 
  Ohh! Agh! Hey. 
  You figured it out yet? 
  No swelling, no pressure buildup. 
  Her hearing's fine. 
  Hemophilia causes nosebleeds, but she has no sign of any bruising, and it doesn't explain the migraines. 
  All that is to say that no, I haven't figured it out yet, but I won't stop until I do. 
  You missed all the fun. 
  Batwoman showed up and saved us. 
  Really? 
  That's fortunate. 
  She likes me. 
  Plus she kind of owed me one. 
  Really? 
  - Okay. 
  Problem. 
  - What? 
  Her cells are disintegrating on a molecular level. 
  May I? 
  I'm no expert in Multiverses But you are two credits shy of astrophysicist, so whatever you're thinking, spill. 
  Well, I've read some theories the multiple universe hypotheses, inflation model, MWI of quantum mechanics. 
  MWI? 
  - Many Worlds - Many Worlds Interpretation. 
  Does anyone here speak real people? 
  Right. 
  Um, in my research, I theorize that all of these universes are separated for a reason. 
  If I'm right, it means Alice has one mother of a headache now, too. 
  Collateral damage from the Multiverse collapsing. 
  In other words, this universe is literally not big enough for the both of us, and the longer we coexist in this world, the more we're living on borrowed time except we're borrowing it from each other. 
  As cells decay, the body goes haywire, synaptic misfire, pain receptors go into overdrive until eventually If we can't find a way to save you, you're both gonna die. 
  So not to pile on, but according to this neurodegeneration program, at this rapid rate of cell deterioration, eventually is about 7 hours from now. 
  Does alcohol slow down degeneration or something? 
  Here. 
  No, but it gives me a buzz while I face my mortality. 
  You are not going to die, right? 
  Uh, okay. 
  So when in your mind did I become proficient in extraterrestrial cell decay? 
  We need to get her to a hospital. 
  Where The Crows will kill her before anyone could say Multiverse. 
  See? 
  Whiskey. 
  Hmm? 
  We have 3 of the smartest people in Gotham in this room right now. 
  Put your heads together and think of something. 
  Where are you going? 
  If Beth is enemy number one in Gotham, then we have to get her to a hospital outside the city. 
  Maybe a face to face with this new commander can help us get past the checkpoints. 
  Sorry. 
  By telling her what exactly? 
  I haven't figured that out yet. 
  I have. 
  It's easy. 
  All you have to say is that "An event called Crisis merged an infinite number of universes, resulting in Alice's not-so-evil twin from another Earth ending up on this Earth. 
  Just ask Supergirl or The Flash, and, oh, by the way, I swear I'm not Batwoman". 
  Orders to transport the inmate. 
  - Get away from me. 
  - Mouse. 
  It's me, my darling. 
  I've come to get you out of here. 
  How are you doing that? 
  How are you her? 
  How am I who? 
  You're speaking nonsense. 
  "The queen of hearts, she made some tarts all on a summer day. 
  The knave of hearts, he stole those tarts and" - Yeah? 
  - And? 
  "And took them quite away". 
  What's wrong with you? 
  - Alice? 
  - Yes. 
  Who the hell else would I be? 
  - She tricked me. 
  - Who? 
  A girl with your face and your eyes and your smile. 
  Alice she was she was you, I swear. 
  That that girl and your sister, they convinced me she was you. 
  That's how Kate got away, how I ended up here. 
  It was a perfect match, and I believed her. 
  Alice, your ear. 
  "I do believe you to be right and something else to be wrong from beginning to end". 
  Why are your ears bleeding? 
  You have enough on your plate without having to worry about me. 
  Where where are you going? 
  Change of plans, little Mouse. 
  I have some digging to do, and when I find my answers, I'll be back for you. 
  I know you will. 
  Eyes on all the doors, dumpsters, rafters, drainpipes. 
  Remember she's a sewer rat. 
  You ambushed 5 of my guys at a checkpoint last night. 
  Care to explain? 
  Detaining the former commander's daughter, that's a statement. 
  Besides, what happened to probable cause? 
  Alice got away on my watch. 
  It's on me to find her. 
  And it's on me to protect my city. 
  Copy that. 
  So if the law-breaking vigilante is done telling me how to do my job, I should get back to it. 
  Call off the shoot-to-kill order on Alice. 
  Why are you protecting a terrorist all of a sudden? 
  I'm protecting you. 
  Is this really how you want to start your command, roughing up innocents, unlawful searches? 
  Your boss is in jail. 
  You're losing your clients, and half the city thinks The Crows are on some kind of power trip. 
  A manhunt like this puts innocent lives in jeopardy. 
  Alice puts innocent lives in jeopardy. 
  Then let me find her my way. 
  Tell The Crows to stand down. 
  Are you crazy? 
  You once told me you trusted me. 
  I'm sorry. 
  Commander Moore! I can't. 
  - Remember me, Commander? 
  - Dodgson. 
  Unh! I'll take that as a yes. 
  What about cryotechnology? 
  Bruce knew a guy with a cryogenic tank. 
  We freeze your body in cryostasis and slow the cell deterioration. 
  So a -196 degree bath in liquid nitrogen? 
  Yeah, that sounds survivable. 
  Fair. 
  Hyperbaric chamber? 
  We could simulate high altitude and increase my red blood cell count. 
  You'd never adapt to hypoxia in the 3 hours and 37 minutes you have left. 
  It'll probably just kill you faster. 
  Okay. 
  I'll just keep drinking. 
  We have to be able to think of something. 
  We already have, Luke. 
  We're both just too polite to say it because it's the one option that Kate refuses to consider. 
  The Earth's balance can't handle the existence of two Beth Kanes. 
  In order for one of us to live, the other has to die. 
  You are Not me. 
  A cataclysmic collapse of another universe? 
  An infinite number actually, probably having existed in parallel past, present, and future timelines. 
  Hmm. 
  "Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave that she did not dare to laugh". 
  How did you get in here Alice? 
  The front desk guy Kyle Kent - Carl. 
  - Carl. 
  Yes. 
  You'll find him in the janitor's closet. 
  We need a new plan. 
  Sophie is not messing Around. 
  You weren't going to tell me, Kate? 
  We have a sister. 
  You haven't exactly made yourself available. 
  Here I am, and Here you are. 
  Smart Friendly Adorable. 
  Leave her alone! No. 
  It's okay. 
  I understand why she resents me. 
  Oh, goody. 
  Let's add blindly empathetic to the list. 
  I'm just saying I wasn't held captive for half my life. 
  I'm confused. 
  Surely someone found you washed up on the riverbank after mommy's car crashed into the river. 
  No one found me because I never washed up onto the riverbank. 
  Then how did you survive the infamous crash? 
  Do tell. 
  I doubt you simply swam to shore like a nimble, little frog paddling past mother's head as it bobbed in the rapids. 
  Beth didn't go over. 
  But there was a crash, was there not? 
  Oh. 
  I see. 
  So on your earth, rather than simply standing by and sobbing, your Kate pulled you from the car before it fell. 
  I always wondered what my life would have been like if you had saved me. 
  I just never imagined that I'd be so basic. 
  Eyes that never had to witness the horrors that I saw. 
  Ears that never had to hear the evils I heard. 
  Lips that never had to beg for her life. 
  Because two Beth Kanes can't exist at the same time. 
  Technically speaking, we are an anomaly of intergalactic proportions. 
  Got it. 
  So in order for one of us to live, the other has to die. 
  Now I am no astrophysicist, but I'm pretty sure that two minus the one who doesn't belong means I get to live, and my knife is pretty good at subtraction. 
  How did you do that? 
  Alice, stop! Kate, Beth needs you. 
  We're running out of time. 
  Got a trial date yet? 
  They're a little slow around here. 
  I thought you and I could use a little alone time to talk. 
  Oh. 
  I didn't think you did anything without Alice's permission. 
  Unh! Ohh! The only thing more dangerous than a corrupt man is one who thinks he's noble. 
  I'm not sure I need a morality lesson from the guy who sided with one of Gotham's most prolific killers. 
  Alice had a psychotic break to survive. 
  She never claimed to be good. 
  You did But your men tampered with evidence, bribed and beat the people who are too poor to afford The Crows' services. 
  Your men killed good people, so now I'm gonna kill you. 
  Thank you. 
  You're better to me alive, puppy dog. 
  According to my sources, you're on your way out of here, and now that I got a target on my back for saving a glorified cop, it's only a matter of time before I need you to return the favor. 
  Ugh. 
  So abnormalities, common birth defects. 
  Where are you, cosmic catastrophes? 
  Oh, look. 
  Another sister. 
  Uh-uh-uh. 
  Do no harm, remember? 
  Help me. 
  Uh, no. 
  You are not allowed to discriminate. 
  Do something. 
  Freak show cosmic anomalies are way above my pay grade. 
  Lest we forget I saved your life. 
  Oh, lest we forget you had your creepy, little dormouse dress up as my dad and poison me and my mom. 
  But you lived, healed from the poison instantly Because I gave you the only antidote on the planet. 
  The serum from the Coriana Desert Rose. 
  People underestimate you, Mary. 
  No. 
  Turns out you are very, very useful. 
  No! Jonathan Cartwright, my name is Dr. 
  Ethan Campbell, and I am a plastic surgeon here in Gotham. 
  I understand that you pulled off quite the scientific feat. 
  Consider me intrigued. 
  I'm not speaking to anyone. 
  Look at you. 
  All grown up, out in the world with friends who love you. 
  From my research, it seems that you even got yourself a job at Dusty's Roadside Tavern. 
  You see, purpose in life is a hard thing to come by. 
  I would know. 
  I spent a decade reestablishing mine. 
  Am I supposed to know you? 
  That's precisely the point Johnny. 
  You aren't. 
  No. 
  My purpose, shielding my son from ridicule, carving out a pocket in a world of anguish so that he could feel love and joy, that purpose was undone when my own boy betrayed me. 
  Dad? 
  Hello, son. 
  It is a father's greatest joy to see his son follow in his footsteps. 
  You could have made me so proud. 
  I thought you were dead. 
  As I intended. 
  Meanwhile, I took on the life I deserved. 
  Recognition, praise, prestige But at the cost of losing you Because of her. 
  - Tell me where Alice is. 
  - Why? 
  So you can kill her? 
  Tell me where she is, Johnny, so I can forgive you. 
  Forgive me? 
  For what? 
  For standing up to my abuser? 
  For being a weak, little boy too powerless to realize a broken girl with a distorted imagination was taking advantage of you. 
  You gave her to me. 
  As a playmate, and you let her convince you that she was family. 
  She was my family. 
  She accepted me All of me the scars, the burns, the face you raised me to believe was too repulsive for the world to see. 
  You looked at me, and you saw a monster. 
  She saw the window to the world. 
  I will never, ever betray her. 
  Tell me where she is, son. 
  What are you doing? 
  Making it so you no longer have a choice. 
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
  Uhh! Let me have it! - Aah! - Aah! Aah! Hyah! Mary! My brilliant, beautiful stepsister, I beg you as family. 
  That blood is the only thing that will keep me alive. 
  I know, and I can't think of anyone who deserves it less. 
  Crows security. 
  I understand you're looking for the leader of the Wonderland gang. 
  I believe I know where that little wench is hiding. 
  Good news. 
 
 
 
  Mary called, said she found something out. 
  She's on her way. 
  I like her. 
  Promise me you'll protect her, okay? 
  We are not having those conversations, okay? 
  You're gonna make it through this. 
  You just have to hold on. 
  Distract me then. 
  What's Luke's deal? 
  Why? 
  Okay. 
  The hallucinations have definitely started. 
  What about you, hmm? 
  Why are you still single? 
  You sure this is how you want to spend your last 45 minutes? 
  You and I We never did the twin jealousy thing. 
  We were always looking out for each other, checking in, getting advice, but there's one thing that you had that I always wanted. 
  A soul mate. 
  Really? 
  Anyone I know? 
  Alice, we know you're inside. 
  Surrender immediately. 
  We have the building surrounded. 
  Let's go! I'm at the west entrance of Wayne tower, positioned for entry. 
  What the hell is going on? 
  Alice called The Crows, hoping they would kill you. 
  Even on her deathbed, she's ruthlessly brilliant. 
  So we have a major breach. 
  They're in the lobby, ascending the east and west stairs. 
  Lock the elevators. 
  They're gonna be here any second. 
  Kate. 
  Kate. 
  - Batcave now. 
  - Okay. 
  Whoa, whoa, wait. 
  What? 
  If The Crows find you, they will kill you. 
  Yeah, I know. 
  I got that. 
  Where are we going? 
  Catherine. 
  Ohh. 
  Catherine. 
  I see I'm being hunted on my deathbed by my past. 
  Heh. 
  Ooh. 
  I'm so scared. 
  The universe must think fondly of Kate to give her everything that she wants, the version of you that she lost. 
  You don't know my sister. 
  No. 
  I beg to differ. 
  I've known her almost as long as you've known her. 
  Because you're a snake, who slithered her way into my family. 
  I was accepted. 
  By your father, by your sister, and despite all of the mistakes that I made, I showed remorse. 
  You don't have any remorse, Alice. 
  You're evil through and through, and that's why Kate will never choose you. 
  Here's what's gonna happen. 
  Mary's gonna take that syringe to Kate and tell her that it will only save one of us. 
  Kate Kate's gonna pick me. 
  For your sake, I hope that's true, but just in case she chooses otherwise, I'll save you a seat in hell. 
  Well, I finally found something on this Earth to be jealous of. 
  Why risk your life every night for a city of strangers? 
  Well, I think not saving Beth that day on the bridge ignited something in me. 
  You couldn't save your own mom and sister, so now you save every mom and sister. 
  Guilt can make sane people do crazy things. 
  This isn't guilt. 
  This is courage. 
  Hey. 
  You need to sit. 
  So The Crows are searching this place top to bottom. 
  I counted 50 or so on foot and 10 trucks outside, a chopper in the air. 
  We're really going to have wait them out. 
  We don't exactly have time to wait. 
  Mary, where have you been? 
  Okay. 
  I'll be right out. 
  Oh, my God. 
  What the hell happened? 
  Alice called The Crows and sent them into the building. 
  Oh, my God! Did they find Beth? 
  She's fine. 
  I have a panic room, remember? 
  Okay. 
  That's right. 
  That's genius. 
  - Okay. 
  So how do we save them? 
  - What? 
  Said you found a way to save them. 
  - What is it? 
  - No, no, no. 
  I said I found a solution to save one Beth. 
  My blood. 
  When Alice poisoned me, she gave me an antidote, the serum from the Coriana Desert Rose. 
  She claimed it was a universal cure-all, and it worked like a charm. 
  So we give it to them both. 
  Then it'll cancel out, and we'll end up right where we started. 
  One has to have the edge over the other even if it's just for a few seconds. 
  My blood will regenerate enough of Beth's red blood cells for her to live a little bit longer. 
  And Alice dies, and I walk away from her all over again? 
  You are not actually considering saving Alice, are you? 
  Kate, this is a no-brainer, and not to rush you, but you've got less than 20 minutes before they're both dead, so go in there and save one of the most compassionate, smartest humans that I've ever met, or go back into that clinic and save Alice, who killed my mom. 
  The choice is yours. 
  Kate is that really you? 
  It's me. 
  Tell me you found Mary. 
  Yeah. 
  Did she the syringe? 
  I know her blood is the key to saving you. 
  I knew you'd come back. 
  I knew you'd choose me. 
  - Hey. 
  - Hey. 
  Can we have a minute? 
  - Sure. 
  - Thanks. 
  You're really not gonna tell me who my soul mate was, are you? 
  And ruin all the fun? 
  Luke told me about the blood. 
  I'm sorry you're in this position. 
  I'm sorry you are. 
  Look. 
  Before you make your decision, can I just say after spending time with Alice face to face, her rage, her pain, somehow I understand her, and if circumstances had turned out differently They didn't. 
  I didn't act. 
  I didn't save her. 
  I did nothing, and I'm not about to do nothing again. 
  You You have to hurry. 
  - Alice - No, Kate. 
  There's no time to I came to say good-bye. 
  What? 
  Good-bye, Alice. 
  No. 
  Are you sure this is what you want to do? 
  Just you asking that is proof that I made the right choice. 
  You've always been my hero. 
  You have to get her out of here. 
  They're tearing through this place book by book, and it's only a matter of time - before they find the elevator. 
  - Yeah, but there's still the small problem of the checkpoints. 
  Right. 
  Take my bike. 
  The tunnels will get you. 
  Past the perimeter of the building, and the bike will get you through the checkpoint. 
  I'll be there as soon as I can. 
  So just back up. 
  Take your who now? 
  - Batbike. 
  - Okay. 
  Yeah. 
  I was just making sure I heard what you said. 
  Making sure. 
  Kate, I don't know how I can ever thank you. 
  You're alive, and that's all that matters. 
  Hey. 
  Hey. 
  We got to go. 
  Why? 
  Because she's pure and good? 
  You don't even know me, not the real me. 
  I know what you showed me. 
  I couldn't save you, and all I can hope is that you find peace. 
  Stay with me. 
  I'm here. 
  - Halt! - Stop! William checkpoint to Moore. 
  Go for Moore. 
  Possible Bat sighting. 
  Blazed through William checkpoint headed north, unknown passenger. 
  Looked female. 
  Could be Alice. 
  Possible target. 
  You want us to pursue? 
  Negative. 
  Stay put. 
  I'm on it. 
  I hope that guard won't miss his face. 
  What the hell are you doing to me? 
  Shh, shh, shh, shh. 
  Hush now, son. 
  I'll be back for you soon. 
  Man, the acceleration index on this bike is insane. 
  Moore to base. 
  I need backup for an arrest at the Twin Pines Inn. 
  Unh! No. 
  Hey. 
  No, no, no, no. 
  Hey. 
  Come on. 
  Hey. 
  Don't. 
  Come on. 
  Wake up, Beth. 
  No. 
  Beth, come on. 
  Beth, wake up. 
  No, no, no! You let me die But I didn't. 
  Ha ha ha! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 