Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x02 - Do not resuscitate - The Sopranos 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x02 - Do not resuscitate https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=848&t=34069 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/20/19 07:14 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x02 - Do not resuscitate 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Three f*cking weeks it takes you to put me on your visitor's list? 
  Just be careful. 
  These motherless f*cks listen to everything. 
  A nephew's visiting his uncle who loves him. 
  I got nothing to say to you. 
  So many tragedies and near tragedies to those close to you. 
  Don't be so f*cking smart. 
  Things could have gone the other way, my little nephew. 
  Yeah, but they didn't. 
  What's all this sh1t i'm hearing about your heart? 
  This problem you and me had i want you to know your mother had nothing to do with it. 
  She's dead to me. 
  She's a sick woman, she don't have all her marbles. 
  Who the f*ck are you kidding? 
  It's killing you that people are talking that an old woman made an asshole out of you. 
  Not half so bad as certain rumors floating around this place about you. 
  How tony soprano likes to fluff up his mother's pillow so she can get a nice long sleep. 
  Who said that? 
  You want to make all this nonsense disappear? 
  Make peace with her, it'll look like no bad blood, it'll be good for all of us. 
  No f*cking way. 
  You tell that fat f*ck, bacala, tell him to come out from his mouse hole, i want to see him tomorrow. 
  What for? 
  The black man industrialized the north but we're still fighting for jobs. 
  Over 25 joint- fitters on this work site, not a black man to be found. 
  Tell'em, reverend. 
  I'll tell you why. 
  Black joint- fitters, like all black artisans, have been shut out of the union. 
  Out of work while their white joint- fitter is filling his stomach. 
  My father put his life on the line for this country. 
  C'mon up here, papa. 
  Somebody help my papa up here. 
  This is my papa! 
  Fought in world war ii , the war against tyranny, came home to establish his own tabernacle. 
  When he came home, i said when he came home, he had to fight a differen t kind of war all over again. 
  Talk to them, papa, talk to the people, papa. 
  Since then we have spilled our blood in korea, vietnam and iraq. 
  Every time i say, sweet jesus, let them do right by our boys when they get back here. 
  But somebody forgot to tell the man. 
  Now, you know what i'm talking about. 
  Tell them! 
  Yes, i'm gonna tell them. 
  I'm gonna tell them no more cutting us out. 
  No more! 
  No more! 
  No more! 
  No more! 
  You hear that, mr. 
  Masserone brothers' construction? 
  No more! 
  Somebody tell me what we want! 
  Jobs! 
  When do we want'em? 
  Now! 
  Want do we want? 
  Jobs! 
  Hey, med! 
  I'm going to visit "she who's name may not be uttered". 
  Wanna come? 
  Grandma? 
  You mean like now? 
  I'd really like to but i gotta study my french. 
  Stupid verbs. 
  No biggie. 
  Hey. 
  I want to talk to you. 
  What the f*ck were you doing with that real estate sign? 
  Oh, yeah, i wanted to talk to you about that. 
  I'm selling ma's house, you understand, janice? 
  Now put that f*cking sign back in the f*cking ground and that's it! 
  End of discussion, period! 
  You're so left- brain. 
  Whether the sign's there or not the house is still for sale, the agent still has the listing. 
  Then what was the sign doing in the back seat of your car? 
  Don't try to deny it! 
  Because i'm trying to save a little money, is that alright? 
  Do you remember cathy fiola? 
  She was in my class at sacred heart with the birthmark. 
  What about her? 
  She's in real estate now. 
  She said she'd only charge a three percent commission. 
  That's half, tony, thousands of dollars. 
  It may not mean anything to you, but maybe ma could use it. 
  Yeah? 
  f*ck her. 
  And next time you disappear for a week, take that piece of sh1t and park it in the f*cking street! 
  This isn't a f*cking hotel! 
  We're out of cran- apple, mrs.S. , is plain apple okay? 
  Oh, sure, dear. 
  Oh, honey? 
  Do you suppose you could get me some strawberry ice cream? 
  They can't expect me to eat this tapioca. 
  I'll see what i can do. 
  She cracks me up. 
  Well, i can't believe it. 
  It's my daughter from california. 
  It's seattle, ma. 
  Would you like some of my tapioca? 
  Good morning. 
  Oh, you reek of cigarettes. 
  Look at you. 
  All dressed, out of bed. 
  You see my hand? 
  It's all black and blue from where they stuck in the needle. 
  That's how you get better. 
  You don't care. 
  You weren't here five minutes. 
  I had to go to the city for a few days. 
  I'm pitching my self- help video. 
  "Lady kerouac", or "packing for the highwa y to a woman's self- esteem. 
  " You could never stand it here. 
  You could never stand yourself and that's why you ran away. 
  Let's not go there today, ma. 
  You think it was easy for me? 
  You don't know the kind of man your father was! 
  What do you mean? 
  Nobody knows! 
  Nobody knows what i went through. 
  What about daddy? 
  One thing i could tell you, it would kill him to see me now. 
  Here's your ice cream, mrs. 
  S, then we can take our walk. 
  Leave me alone, please. 
  Open the window and just push me out. 
  I can't take this anymore. 
  Mrs. Soprano, what's wrong, what happened? 
  She just started crying. 
  You, i know why you're here. 
  You don't fool me for a second. 
  You're here because you want to take my house. 
  Ma! 
  You don't know what goes through this mind of mine. 
  That's for f*cking sure! 
  Someday i hope you have children of your own and they treat you like this. 
  I gave my life to my children on a silver platter. 
  This is bullshit. 
  Talk to me. 
  These f*cking activists, they're killing me. 
  They're picketing my place 24- 7. 
  Three days i'm down already. 
  Who? 
  This hard- on, rev. 
  Herman james jr. 
  He's an old song, not enough minorities doing the joint fitting. 
  You were told the joint- fitters union is under my uncle's jurisdiction. 
  I know. 
  But if you could pave the way for me to talk to your uncle, so he could maybe send some guys down and make it uncomfortable for these people. 
  Like you did with your unions before. 
  It's gonna cost you. 
  Besides what you're already raping me for those no- show electrician jobs? 
  You're not such a f*cking citizen when you want a construction bid to go your way. 
  Take it easy. 
  I'll see what i can do. 
  Meantime, call animal control. 
  Watch you don't get followed meeting me. 
  You're late. 
  Bobby baccalieri, the last man standing. 
  I don't want to say nothing, tony. 
  You don't want to get yourself in trouble. 
  A lot of funerals in your corner of the world, huh, bobby? 
  What'd you have to do, refinance your house? 
  Don't look at the floor, bobby, look at me. 
  I want you to talk to that bald cocksucker who calls himself my father's brother. 
  Tell him i'm gonna let him keep on earning. 
  Subsistence level. 
  He'll be able to pay his defense lawyers. 
  Let me say for him, thank you. 
  You're gonna hear some high- end sh1t. 
  And "a", i hope you could understand it, and "b", i hope you keep it between this room and junior. 
  Because if you don't, i promise you, they're gonna find pieces of you in eight different dumpsters. 
  I inherited junior. 
  I don't think you got reason to talk to me this way. 
  I always liked you. 
  Bullshit. 
  But we'll assume you do now. 
  You tell my uncle that he gets to keep five percent, five percent of his shy, his sports betting, same with the coke. 
  The joint- fitters union, it's all his, okay? 
  Bobby, listen, this is very important. 
  He also gets to keep his stripes. 
  As far as the feds are concerned, they got the boss of the family in jail, awaiting trial, and if they hear different, it creates confusion. 
  Got it. 
  As far as the rest of everything that junior owned, it's now mine. 
  I'll get this to him, tony. 
  That's it. 
  "To the victor, belongs the spoils. 
  " Why don't you get the f*ck out of here before i shove your quotations book up your fat f*cking ass! 
  Mr. Bompensiero? 
  Is your wife here to drive you home? 
  Skip. 
  Skip? 
  How we feeling? 
  f*cking great. 
  He's gonna be out of it for another hour or so. 
  The injection went great. 
  You'll feel the difference in your back in a couple of days. 
  Buzz me when he feels ready to leave. 
  Yeah, we'll buzz you, honey. 
  Bzz, bzz my back don't feel one iota different. 
  Doctor said it'll take a couple days for the steroids to kick in. 
  I gotta get my jacuzzi. 
  Too much stress in your life, sal. 
  Tony doesn't know you're back yet, does he? 
  Jesus christ, no, i didn't go see him yet. 
  You guys are all alike. 
  We've seen guys drag their dicks before, take advantage of the government's generosity, playing both ends against the middle. 
  Will you give me a window over here? 
  Tony already thinks maybe i flipped. 
  I gotta be careful. 
  Jimmy altieri ate the pill for you. 
  Any suspicion abou t being an informant went to the grave with jimmy altieri. 
  Yeah, yeah. 
  I know tony 30 years, now this? 
  Spare me, okay? 
  You've been on our tit since'98. 
  f*cking chauffeur service to and from the doctor, that we had to find for you. 
  If we're gonna let you back on the streets and earn, we want results. 
  The f*ck tried to suffocate his own mother! 
  She's a disgrace. 
  His own uncle wanted him whacked. 
  You said so for yourself, he's been sh1tting on you for years. 
  I know what i said. 
  Plus he's been crying to a shrink twice a week. 
  You don't owe this man dick. 
  Don't sit there and tell me you're gonna take a bullet for some yuppie who thinks you're his errand boy. 
  Your honor, this man should not be removed from custody for medical reasons. 
  Every time we get one of these elder mafiosos incarcerated, we get the same bag of tricks. 
  Your honor, i take offense to the characterization of my client as a mafioso. 
  Mr. Soprano has not been found guilty of anything. 
  He's awaiting trial for alleged offenses. 
  Noted. 
  With all due respect to the state's medical facilities, in his condition, mr. 
  Soprano has every right to pursue the best possible medical care that he can afford. 
  Mr. Soprano is suffering from a very benign illness, a few clogged arteries, your honor. 
  I'm leaning towards releasing this man from lock- up unless you can demonstrate a serious flight risk. 
  Mr. Soprano, if i approve this you will be under what is called "house arrest". 
  Do you understand this concept? 
  Not really. 
  It means that you must remain in your primary residence and cannot leave, except for doctor's appointments, food shopping. 
  Your honor, the government asks for an electronic bracelet. 
  Your honor, while we certainly agree to house arrest, we are asking that mr. 
  Soprano not be further persecuted for yet to be proven allegations. 
  He shows no prior arrest since 1968. 
  He pays his taxes, and he's a veteran of the second world war. 
  Mr. Soprano, do you have any problem with wearing an electronic bracelet? 
  It sounds like nazi germany to me. 
  Obviously, you need a history lesson, sir. 
  I don't think that we-- you and i, should let our shared sorrow or biases enter into this, judge. 
  He's wearing a bracelet to avoid any risk of flight. 
  Who are you? 
  Jesus christ, you scared the sh1t out of me. 
  Jesus ain't got nothing to do with it. 
  Now what do you want here? 
  Looking for your son, is he around? 
  You a friend? 
  Is he around? 
  He'll be back here soon. 
  Well, c'mon in. 
  You were a good- looking guy back then. 
  Still am. 
  Still got the same teeth as in that picture. 
  Oh, yeah? 
  Go on and laugh. 
  Picture was taken So that makes you? 
  Old. 
  C'mon, how old are you? 
  Add eight more and you got it. 
  out of here. 
  What do you want with my son? 
  Got a little business i gotta discuss with him. 
  If you say so. 
  So, you're 28 years old when world war ii starts. 
  That's a little long in the tooth, isn't it? 
  '43, they was taking everyone, no matter how old or how ugly. 
  Even took this fat boy i knew. 
  He was already 34. 
  Wasn't no good to nobody, except he could cook. 
  I swear he was more dangerous with that stove than he was with that rifle. 
  You ever watch the history channel? 
  Television? 
  No, this is the history channel. 
  I think you'd like it. 
  They even do a lot of that bible sh1t. 
  Only sh1t in the bible came out of pharaoh's ass when moses parted the red sea. 
  Parted the red sea, praise his name. 
  Never underestimate a man's determination to be free. 
  Um i'll catch up with your son another time. 
  You break that, you're paying for it. 
  If i'd have known you were gonna get out so fast with this medical sh1t i never would've talked to that calzone with legs. 
  He gave me the message. 
  Don't f*cking pout. 
  Be grateful i'm letting you earn. 
  What's on your mind? 
  How'd you swing this? 
  This dr. 
  Schreck, he's monty schreck's kid. 
  Monty, the bookie's son? 
  He's a cardiologist. 
  That's not bad. 
  Law says feds can't bug your doctor's office. 
  Let's me use this place whenever i need to to conduct business. 
  So, you heard about masserone construction? 
  Bacala is taking care of it. 
  The joint- fitters know he speaks for me. 
  It's gotta go Did you do what i asked? 
  What did you ask me to do? 
  You know, make peace. 
  You listen that's enough with that sh1t, that woman is dead to me. 
  You let it go! 
  Why the f*ck should i ? 
  she's my brother's wife. 
  She doesn't realize what she says half the time. 
  Let's put our cards on the table here. 
  I heard your radio debut on those tapes the feds made at green grove. 
  So she doesn't know what she's saying half the time. 
  Which half did you listen to? 
  The half that doesn't make any sense, or the half that we both know played you like a f*cking child? 
  Nobody played me. 
  She didn't know that she was setting you up to get popped. 
  That's right. 
  Your uncle isn't as dumb as you think. 
  You and that miserable f*ck, altieri. 
  That rat b*st*rd, all of my capos, meeting behind my back. 
  Let sleeping dogs lie, okay? 
  I have my reasons. 
  I'll tell you one dog you left still barking, that f*cking freddie capuano. 
  That motherless money- grubbing little son- of- a- bitch-- the guy who owns green grove retirement community? 
  He's like an old f*cking lady! 
  He's been going around telling soprano business to anybody who'll listen! 
  He's the one that's been saying that sh1t about you trying to whack your mother. 
  Even implied that me and her that hairpiece m*therf*cker. 
  Did everybody take a vow of silence or something? 
  Nobody's got anything to report? 
  I gotta write a report on dna for biology. 
  Isn't that interesting? 
  I just saw on "inside edition" how there will be no more unknown soldiers because of dna now. 
  They will be able to identify every single casualty of combat. 
  Pass me more of that macaroni and cheese. 
  You know, tony, i know you don't like to talk about her, but that woman is impossible. 
  She's a complete narcissist, i mean,"me, me, me". 
  Really kudos. 
  You are a saint. 
  You were right the first time, i don't want to talk about it. 
  You talking about grandma? 
  She pushes those buttons, she's a big baby. 
  You know? 
  Excusez- moi. 
  Tony. 
  This is my house. 
  How many times i gotta say it? 
  Thank you, il duce. 
  You got something to say? 
  The little girl who's about to get her license might want to use one of those cars in driveway in the next hundred years. 
  It's my fault, med. 
  I wasn't sensitive to his feelings. 
  Thank you. 
  You see that? 
  You see how easy that was? 
  So, mr. 
  Delegated power of attorney, have you given it any thought? 
  Can my girlfriend have the listing? 
  You know, of the house? 
  As long as it gets sold, i don't give a f*ck who lists it. 
  Hey, what did one prick say to the other prick? 
  You see that? 
  See what happens with you cursing at the dinner table? 
  Thanks for this, aunt par, it's hard to find people over 25 to drive with. 
  Just don't let them know you drove me to buy some pot, which should be legal. 
  It's the only things that works for these hands. 
  Med, wasn't that a stop sign? 
  I just hate the way he thinks he can talk to you. 
  It's so obnoxious. 
  He's insecure. 
  He's afraid to leave new jersey and he's threatened by anybody who's broken free. 
  He's too pathetic. 
  How about grandma in that rehab center? 
  I know, i'm dying to go over and see her, but i've had so much homework, plus all this community service you have to do to even think about getting into a decent college. 
  I bring food to homeless shelters. 
  You know grandma pretty well, don't you? 
  I guess. 
  What is she into? 
  I don't know, negativity? 
  Seriously, there must be something that gives her pleasure. 
  Isn't there anything she likes doing? 
  My dad used to try and find her these old records, these sisters. 
  Oh, the de castro sisters, right. 
  The andrews sisters would have been too easy. 
  He used to bring her that mario lasagna guy. 
  Oh, yuck, i hated that sh1t. 
  Your glasses will be ready on thursday. 
  Thursday, that's good. 
  Did you see me on tv? 
  You were on tv? 
  What show? 
  The evening news. 
  Oh, yeah. 
  What about it? 
  How'd i look? 
  Be honest. 
  You looked, you know, like you. 
  You looked good. 
  I didn't like the way i looked. 
  Maybe i should get new frames, what do you think? 
  What's wrong with them? 
  How much those frames set you back? 
  Insurance pays, i never see the bill. 
  Nice country. 
  I got cataracts. 
  My father told me, "never get old. 
  " I should have listened to him. 
  Yeah. 
  A chinaman goes to see the eye doctor, after the exam the doctor says, "i know why you're having trouble. 
  " Chinaman says, "why?" Doctor says, "you have a cataract. 
  " Chinaman says,"no, i have a rincoln continental. 
  " You don't get it? 
  I get it, he drives a lincoln. 
  What? 
  Excuse me, where's the men's room? 
  Through the doors to the left. 
  You're awake. 
  What-- what is that? 
  That music? 
  "Non ti scordar di me. 
  " Pavarotti. 
  Did you bring it? 
  I never forgot how much you liked a good tenor. 
  Remember when we saw mario lanza on tv? 
  You and me and daddy on the sofa, watching ed sullivan. 
  I don't think we ever missed a sunday. 
  Oh, my god , my children. 
  Music hath charms, ma. 
  Thank god, huh? 
  I think it's time for you to start to seriously consider salads. 
  What do you mean? 
  What do i mean. 
  Get off my car before you flip it over, you fat f*ck. 
  Junior wants to know when. 
  Tomorrow morning. 
  We're short a couple of guys, so make sure you're there. 
  Consider it exercise. 
  "Fat f*ck. 
  " Why don't you look in the mirror some time, you insensitive cocksucker. 
  Tony, we're sitting down! 
  Ma, dna, it's invisible, right? 
  But guess how many nucleotides are in each strand. 
  Just tell her. 
  A hundred million. 
  Wow, that's amazing. 
  She knows what time we eat. 
  I don't want you setting a place for her if she's not here. 
  Anthony jr. , want to do the honors? 
  Bless us our lord on thy gifts we're about to receive hello! 
  You guys started without me. 
  Good, great. 
  Bless us our lord, amen. 
  Janice, you know what time we eat. 
  If you're gonna be late, call, or you're not gonna eat. 
  Don't send me to bed hungry, daddy. 
  Everybody, guess who passed her driving test today? 
  She learned from the best. 
  Go, girl! 
  I had to parallel park behind this van and i was so nervous. 
  The guy was a real dork with a clipboard and everything. 
  Oh, wow, fascist martinet. 
  Salsice, janice? 
  Oh, i forgot, you don't eat pork no. 
  in that way. 
  Oh, i get it. 
  There's nothing to get, she's a vegetarian. 
  I missed the fireflies out west. 
  That's why i moved out here. 
  Little bit of nature. 
  When you were in seattle, you ever drive by jimmy hendrix's house? 
  Mm- mmm. 
  You know, tony, i know it's not your favorite subject, but we had some really great news about ma at the hospital today. 
  Her rehab therapist says she's making tremendous strides and it's not gonna be long before they release her. 
  How can she make tremendous strides when there's nothing wrong with her in the first place? 
  It's called face- saving therapy. 
  The patient has to believe that they're getting therapy. 
  Believe me, medicare's not gonna pay for it if it's not as necessary as real, would they? 
  And the taxpayer foots the bill. 
  It's not much longer now. 
  But she's gonna need a place to stay. 
  She's out on the street. 
  Tony, it is her house. 
  Dead people don't have houses. 
  Daddy bought that house. 
  Tell you what take her back to green grove. 
  What, the nursing home? 
  It's a retirement community. 
  You know i don't have that kind of money. 
  f*ck you. 
  You should've seen the look on that blimp's face when i told him he had to be here today. 
  Bacala's always been a lazy b*st*rd. 
  You can't get nobody good anymore. 
  They're either on f*cking drugs or compromised with the law, or they're young and don't listen to orders. 
  Please. 
  It's all "me, me, me". 
  I hope you don't feel that way about me, tony. 
  It's just this back. 
  You done plenty. 
  You paid your dues. 
  That's tony soprano. 
  What the f*ck? 
  Hey, tony! 
 
 
 
  This is what i'm talking about, m*therf*cker. 
  Am i supposed to be seen here, you f*cking idiots? 
  Now we look like jerkoffs. 
  Get out of the way! 
  When do we want'em? 
  We want to talk to your foreman. 
  You want to talk to the foreskin? 
  You a wise- ass m*therf*cker. 
  Keep your mother off the streets and i won't f*ck her. 
  Justice m*therf*cker, c'mon? 
  Hi, ma. 
  Oh, nicholas antonelli. 
  Dead at age 73, of heart failure. 
  Mmm so, ma you're gonna be getting out of here soon. 
  Want to go home? 
  Home? 
  Back to the house? 
  My house? 
  Uh- huh. 
  No, i don't think so, i'll go back to the other place. 
  To the nursing home? 
  That's for people who don't have anybody to look after them. 
  Oh, it's not that bad. 
  And they give you fresh towels every day. 
  Barbara said you hated it. 
  It's too much trouble. 
  No, ma, you can't go back there. 
  Why not? 
  Because. 
  Because, it's dangerous there. 
  What are you talking about? 
  The owner is missing. 
  Mr. Capuano? 
  They suspect foul play. 
  Yeah. 
  Ma. 
  Ma, you okay? 
  Nurse! 
  It's my mother. 
  What is it? 
  What's the matter? 
  Are you okay, mrs. 
  Soprano? 
  Oh. 
  Take a deep breath. 
  Breathe. 
  Why do they make cookies that way? 
  You scared me, ma. 
  Would you just stop it, stop it! 
  Just give me a minute, go, go, stop hovering. 
  Perhaps this is a good time to talk about this. 
  There's no emergency provision for your mother on file. 
  I tried to talk to her about a dnr and she got very agitated. 
  Dnr? 
  "Do not resuscitate. 
  " It's to save the family a lot of anguish and decisions at a difficult time, when there is no quality of life. 
  Janice, where are my glasses? 
  I can't find the tissues, janice! 
  I'm sorry, tony, but the hospital is gonna need a decision on this. 
  Auxiliary "b", what the f*ck? 
  It you're gonna have power of attorney, tony, you're gonna have to act like one. 
  Who gives a f*ck, dnr, no dnr? 
  Yeah, okay, great, so then what happens when she goes into a coma and they have to keep her alive with tubes and machines, because you won't sign the dnr? 
  What?! 
  When she becomes a vegetable she's not gonna give a f*ck about anything! 
  To deprive your mother of a place of live. 
  To deprive me my chance to make peace with my mother. 
  You know what, janice? 
  Take her, you can have her. 
  The two of you in that house, you deserve each other. 
  It'd be worth it just to watch. 
  It'll be like, "whatever happened to baby janice over there. 
  " I'll give you your f*cking dnr! 
  Mom, i can't find the keys. 
  Keys to what, to the car? 
  You got a driver's license, not a license to g o carousing around on a school night. 
  Mother, i was going to take anthony to visit grandma. 
  You said we can visit her. 
  If you want to drive us, fine. 
  Now you want to visit grandma? 
  Can we mom? 
  No funny business. 
  You go to the hospital and back. 
  The level of trust in this family, check the mileage if you want to. 
  God. 
  You go ahead, i'll come down later. 
  Why, where are you going? 
  Hunter's back in "eating disorders" upstairs. 
  No, that's not fair. 
  I'm just gonna say hello. 
  I'm telling. 
  I was gonna let you drive in the ibm parking lot this sunday. 
  Look who's here! 
  Anthony, come over here. 
  Give your grandma a kiss. 
  Oh ah i thought you were janice. 
  She comes over everyday to play pinochle with me. 
  Daughters take better care of their mothers, that's why. 
  She's home, i think. 
  You didn't ride over here on your bicycle in the dark? 
  No, meadow drove me. 
  Meadow? 
  Well, where is she? 
  I don't know. 
  She's another one. 
  They don't care what happens to you, johnny. 
  They stick you away somewhere and they forget you ever existed. 
  I guess. 
  Have a torrone. 
  No, i don't like those italian candies. 
  Go ahead, take one. 
  He's not even washing his hands. 
  You know the thing about louisiana food, is that it's not really spicy, it's just well- seasoned. 
  Don't we season everything down there? 
  Absolutely. 
  So what we're gonna do is i got a little cayenne pepper grandma, what's dnr? 
  Who? 
  Dnr, it's initials, like, i had to do this report on dna, but i heard dad and aunt parvati talking about your dnr. 
  So, is that like similar? 
  Aunt? 
  You mean, janice? 
  Janice? 
  They were talking about me? 
  About your dnr. 
  'Cause that's what's confusing, like, dna, everybody's got that. 
  She thinks i should have a dnr? 
  Or that dad should give it to you or something. 
  Because what if you went into a coma or something? 
  But dna doesn't prevent coma's, does it? 
  I don't know, i gotta do this report by monday. 
  Very good, livia, that's perfect. 
  I know my alphabet. 
  Guess what, ma? 
  I got great news. 
  Tony's not gonna sell the house. 
  When you get released, we're gonna take you back home. 
  Really? 
  Yeah. 
  And i'm gonna live with you. 
  Why? 
  So you cannot resuscitate me? 
  So i can what? 
  Oh, i seen that movie with richard widmark. 
  Movie, ma? 
  Oh, mrs. 
  Soprano. 
  No, take this one. 
  She gets her ballet shoes, she sells them and she takes the money to newark, and she buys amphetamines. 
  She was a child then. 
  I think you should go live with your daughter, mrs. 
  Soprano. 
  I think i'm gonna leave all my money to you, honey. 
  What are you talking about, money? 
  I've gotta catch up on some charts. 
  Janice, what'd i tell you last week? 
  Where'd i put my money? 
  You know, this is very important. 
  I must have put it somewhere. 
  Oh, c'mon, settimia. 
  No, you don't fool me. 
  I know what you're thinking about. 
  My name's janice. 
  Janice, ma. 
  You named me. 
  It's something else you threw away of mine. 
  Are you sure? 
  I didn't tell you where i put that money? 
  Let's not worry about that. 
  Let's just get you better so you can go home and i can take good care of you. 
  And if it's there we'll find it. 
  Your sister's c**t! 
  That was wonderful, reverend, thank you. 
  Now you call us if you need anything. 
  Thank you. 
  Goodnight. 
  What's all this? 
  My father' s passed away. 
  I was just talking to him. 
  He lived well. 
  God blessed hi m with longevity. 
  What are you gonna do? 
  We all will have our time. 
  My father didn't know about our business arrangement. 
  He wouldn't have approved. 
  Yeah, i got that feeling. 
  Your moms and pop still here? 
  My old man's been gone for years. 
  Moms? 
  She still around, she's too miserable to die. 
  Their generation's almost all gone. 
  When the last one goes, we become the old folk s at the family functions. 
  What are you talking about? 
  We're still f*cking kids, for crying out loud. 
  Don't you believe it, tony. 
  When the last one dies, it signals the beginning of the last stretch for us. 
  Don't get me wrong, i'm not looking to go no time soon, it's just just feels funny now beingan elder. 
  This is your end of the demonstration bust- up. 
  Your guys went a little too far. 
  Rasheen taylor almost lost an eye. 
  How'd you do overall? 
  Masserone gave me five no- shows. 
  We whack it up two and a half each. 
  Three- two. 
  I should be looking for three- two my way. 
  I got to kick upstairs to uncle junior. 
  Two and a half each. 
  All your guys are in on this sh1t. 
  These protesters find out i'm lining my pockets with their blood, it's me they're crying for. 
  Hell, no, three- two. 
  I'll think about it. 
  What'd you hear about the public school asbestos removal project over in kearney? 
  Just waiting to see who gets the bid. 
  Alright. 
  Hey, rev sorry about your old man. 
  Hello. 
  He did? 
  Where is he now? 
  Hello? 
  Oh, you're home. 
  How dare you call here. 
  I called now on purpose. 
  Because i know johnny's at work. 
  Anthony, your son, anthony. 
  He harbors resentment against me and to this day i don't know what i did. 
  I'm hanging up. 
  I just want you to know what pennies i have, i leave to the children. 
  Your children and barbara's children. 
  I raised three children of my own. 
  I did a pretty good job on two. 
  They are all unhappy. 
  Sure, you listen to that janice. 
  Be very careful, because she's a real snake in the grass. 
  She has no work ethic, why is that? 
  If anything happens to me hello? 
  Hello? 
  Oh. 
  Where is he? 
  Did you call an ambulance? 
  I don't need no f*cking ambulance. 
  See? 
  Oh, yeah, sure, look at you. 
  C'mon, we're going to the emergency room. 
  f*ck that, i'm alright. 
  Why don't we just go down there and make sure? 
  Uncle jun. 
  Hey you still here? 
  No f*cking ambulance. 
  I'll drive you, okay? 
  Bacala will come. 
  Yeah, sure. 
  We'll all go. 
  Help me up. 
  Can you walk? 
  I think he broke his hip. 
  Oh, f*ck you. 
  Take it easy, hold on a minute. 
  I'll be okay. 
  Give me a minute to catch my breath. 
  Alright. 
  What are you doing? 
  What, do you want a piggy- back? 
  Get the door. 
  Anthony don't let me go to my grave with this guilt. 
  You listen to me, you old prick, you're not going anywhere. 
  Make things right with your mother, please. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 