Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x09 - From where to eternity - The Sopranos 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x09 - From where to eternity https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=848&t=34076 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/20/19 07:18 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x09 - From where to eternity 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 (SOPRANOS THEME PLAYING) 
 Hi ya sweetie. 
  They took the tube out of his throat. 
  So now he's breathing on his own. 
  He took a lot of damage to his spleen. 
  They might have to take it out. 
  Oh, my god. 
  I know. 
  I'm so scared. 
  Hey, listen, listen. 
  This guy, he's a tough kid. 
  If anybody could make it through something like this, it's christopher, you hear me? 
  You got his holiness, that's good. 
  He got shot too, and survived. 
  Look! 
  Look what they did to my son! 
  My son, those sonsofbitches! 
  Easy, easy. 
  When you find him, i want him to suffer, you hear me, sil? 
  I want that m*therf*cker in agony! 
  Don't worry, we'll do the best we can. 
  Gismonte, with a "g". 
  The kid who died, right? 
  You never heard of him? 
  No. 
  Well, him and his friend matthew bevilaqua ran around with moltisanti. 
  Never saw him hanging out with your buddy christopher? 
  I thought you wanted to help your friend. 
  Hey. 
  Two days already, i thought they were gonna move him out of icu. 
  I think he's getting better. 
  Good, you gotta pray for him. 
  Hey, you gotta pray. 
  We are, jesus. 
  Oh, i don't know what i would do, uncle rich. 
  I love him so much. 
  He's gonna make it. 
  I don't want that f*ck here. 
  I told him that. 
  He's full of negative energies. 
  He said he'd only come back here if he had something on matthew. 
  Start talking. 
  Back the f*ck off. 
  Alright, what do you got, rich? 
  The word is definitely out on the f*cking street on this bevilaqua kid. 
  Tommy biondi from otb came up with a name, a dealer named quickie g. 
  He's been in the bing a few times. 
  Or it might've been this other prick, fast fatty. 
  I'm telling you this won't take long. 
  I'll give this bevilaqua kid five days before somebody brings his ass to us to score points. 
  My brother was in this hospital, the bill was Eight dollars for an aspirin. 
  So, did you hear about ralph and mary rutaldo? 
  No, what happened? 
  You know ralphie has had his brazilian goomar for years. 
  She's a dancer, right? 
  She just gave birth to ralph's baby, a c- section. 
  Hey. 
  Why don't you try and get some sleep? 
  Why? 
  Why? 
  Tomorrow's gonna be another rough day, that's why. 
  I don't think i'm gonna sleep tonight. 
  Is this light gonna bother you? 
  No. 
  Goodnight. 
  Tony? 
  I love you, tony. 
  I don't want anybody getting hurt. 
  Not me, not the kids, not you. 
  Carmela, i can't do one of these tearful things till 5:00 in the morning tonight, i just can't. 
  Not tonight. 
  Did you hear about ralphie rutaldo? 
  What about him? 
  That brazilian he keeps on the side? 
  Yeah? 
  She had a baby. 
  And christopher's in the hospital, this is on your mind now? 
  Maybe it has to do with the "ck one" stinking up your shirt last wednesday night. 
  It's over, months ago! 
  Yeah, right. 
  "Yeah, right", what? 
  I told you i cut it off! 
  Listen tony, if you're gonna keep doing what you do, at the very least i want you to get a vasectomy. 
  You want me to do what? 
  Let's get real, tony. 
  Do you have any idea what a b*st*rd child would do to this family? 
  You ever think about the shame your children would feel? 
  You're putting us all at risk. 
  I had her tested for aids. 
  What do you think i am? 
  Code blue icu 3, code blue icu 3. 
  No, oh my god, chrissy! 
  He's gonna die! 
  He'll be okay. 
  They said he was gonna get better! 
  No! 
  No, let go of me! 
  No, no! 
  Yeah. 
  What? 
  How is he? 
  His heart stopped. 
  They're working their asses off on him. 
  Alright. 
  Well, we gotta stay positive, right? 
  We gotta give him that. 
  Positive vibes only. 
  Gentle and merciful lord jesus, i want to speak to you now with an open heart, with an honest heart. 
  Tonight i ask you to take my sins and the sins of my family into your merciful heart. 
  We have chosen this life in full awareness of the consequences of our sins. 
  I know that christopher's life is in your hands and his fate is your will. 
  I ask you humbly to spare him. 
  And if it is your will to spare him, i ask that you deliver him from blindness and grant him vision. 
  And through this visio n may he see your love and gain the strength to carry on in service to your mercy. 
  In the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit, amen. 
  Really, if i had any reservations at all i'd suggest we move him right away. 
  But this is the best trauma unit in the tri- state area. 
  I'm up on all the ratings. 
  Thanks, hesh. 
  There's no news yet. 
  Tony, it's dr. 
  Rueben. 
  Mr. 
  Moltisanti suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest due to internal bleeding, he was resuscitated. 
  The bleeding was brought under control and he's now in stable condition. 
  What was the duration of the arrest? 
  About a minute. 
  Is he stil l intubated? 
  They're removing the ventilator as we speak. 
  What the f*ck you two talking about? 
  The worst is over but he was clinically dead for about a minute. 
  Doctor, can i go in and see him? 
  No, he's gonna be in post- op for about four or five hours, and then he asked to speak to mr. 
  Gualtieri. 
  Me? 
  He asked twice for you and mr. 
  Soprano. 
  Christopher. 
  Hey. 
  I'm sorry, t. 
  For what? 
  I know you're mad at me. 
  What are you talking about? 
  I'm not mad at you. 
  Nobody's mad at you. 
  I'm going to hell, t. 
  You're not going anywhere but home. 
  I crossed over to the other side. 
  You what? 
  I saw the tunnel and the white light and i saw my father in hell. 
  Get the f*ck out of here. 
  And the bouncer said that i'd be there too when my time comes. 
  What bouncer? 
  "The emerald piper", that's our hell. 
  It's an irish bar where it's st. 
  Patrick's day everyday forever. 
  Mikey palmice and brendan filone were there too. 
  They were friends. 
  Those two guys hated each other. 
  You gotta relax, you just need some rest. 
  They're friends now. 
  They were playing dice with two roman soldiers and a bunch of the irish guys. 
  Doesn't make sense. 
  The irish, they were winning every roll. 
  And then mikey gave me a message for both of you. 
  A message? 
  Yeah. 
  Yeah, he said "tell tony and paulie, This f*cking morphine drip , i don't think it's working. 
  I don't feel a f*cking thing. 
  You gotta be careful with that. 
  That was all he said? 
  Who? 
  Mikey, "3:00"? 
  Yeah. 
  What was he wearing? 
  C'mon, let's go, he needs his rest. 
  He had on a gangster suit, pinstripe. 
  Old fashioned style. 
  Hey that was a dream. 
  Forget about it, okay? 
  We're gonna take you home soon. 
  Do they know this kid likes his chemistry set a little too much? 
  He's in pain, what the f*ck else are they gonna do? 
  What time was mikey hit? 
  How the f*ck do i know? 
  You were there, weren't you? 
  It was in the morning, right? 
  Alright, so i cheat-- i used to cheat. 
  I'm not getting spayed, end of subject. 
  You brought up the vasectomy, now you don't want to talk about it. 
  You asked me what was going on. 
  I saw in the news about a gangland shooting. 
  Yeah. 
  Is that your nephew christophe that you've spoken of before? 
  In the papers they said he was in critical condition. 
  He's gonna be fine. 
  Have they found the person that shot him yet? 
  No have you? 
  I'm not trying to pry into that part of your life. 
  I know our deal. 
  But i've heard you say before that you love this young man. 
  Christopher was clinically dead for about a minute. 
  He thinks he had one of those near death experiences. 
  Says he visited hell. 
  And they told him he'd be back permanent. 
  Who's "they"? 
  It's bullshit, it was a dream, combined with the morphine. 
  But now he thinks he's gonna go to hell when he dies. 
  He's all f*cked up over it. 
  Do you think he'll go to hell? 
  No. 
  He's not the type that deserves hell. 
  Who do you think does? 
  The worst people. 
  The twisted and demented psychos who kill people for pleasure. 
  The cannibals, the degenerate bastards that molest and torture little kids. 
  They kill babies. 
  The hitlers, the pol pots. 
  Those are the evil f*cks that deserve to die. 
  Not my nephew. 
  What about you? 
  What? 
  Hell? 
  You been listening to me? 
  No for the same reasons. 
  We're soldiers. 
  Soldiers don't go to hell. 
  It's war. 
  Soldiers, they kill other soldiers. 
  We're in a situation where everybody involved knows the stakes. 
  And if you're gonna accept those stakes you gotta do certain things. 
  It's business, we're soldiers. 
  We follow codes orders. 
  So does that justify everything that you do? 
  Excuse me, let me tell you something. 
  When america opened the floodgates and let all us italians in, what do you think they were doing it for? 
  Because they were trying to save us from poverty? 
  No, they did it because they needed us. 
  They needed us to build their cities and dig their subways and to make'em richer. 
  The carnegies and the rockefellers, they needed worker bees and there we were. 
  But some of us didn't want to swarm around their hive and lose who we were. 
  We wanted to stay italian and preserve the things that meant something to us. 
  Honor, and family, and loyalty. 
  And some of us wanted a piece of the action. 
  We weren't educate d like the americans. 
  But we had the balls to take what we wanted. 
  Those other f*cks, those other the j. P. 
  Morgans, they were crooks and killers too, but that was a business, right? 
  The american way. 
  That might all be true. 
  But what do poor italian immigrants have to do with you and what happens every morning you step out of bed? 
  What the f*ck is this all of a sudden? 
  I'm just asking a question. 
  Oh, so you're taking a stand here now. 
  Huh? 
  You pick here to make a stand? 
  After all this time, telling me that nothing's my fault because of poor parenting. 
  You pick now to act like betsy- fucking- ross! 
  When my nephew's in the f*cking hospital! 
  He might not get out! 
  What, what Quiet. 
  My wind chimes? 
  Sorry, hon. 
  Don't wake up my kids, paulie. 
  m*therf*cker. 
  Baby, you gotta relax your thoughts. 
  Whatever christopher saw, you can't take it personal. 
  Christopher's a troubled kid. 
  Who knows what's in his heart? 
  Come. 
  You're right. 
  I need to relax with this. 
  Let me help you. 
  That is so weird. 
  What the f*ck you saying? 
  Kenny and i were supposed to be married at 1:00 in the fountainbleu room at the roman gardens. 
  Mikey and jo- jo had the bella vista room booked for 3:00. 
  But the bella vista room is smaller and has no windows. 
  A week before the wedding mikey saw the bella vista room and flipped out! 
  He almost killed the events manager. 
  So mikey and jo- jo got the fountainbleu and kenny and me wound up in the bella vista room at 3:00. 
  f*ck. 
  Just trying to tidy up the place. 
  Go back to sleep. 
  Tidying up? 
  How you doing? 
  I'm doing. 
  I'll tell ya i'm still baffled by this 3:00 thing though. 
  I wish i had more for you, paulie, but that's all he said. 
  Let me ask you a question. 
  Yeah? 
  That bouncer that sent you back, did he have horns on his head? 
  No. 
  He was just some big irish goon in old fashioned clothes. 
  Did anybody there have horns or buds for horns, those goat bumps? 
  Paulie, it was f*cking hell, okay? 
  My father said he looses every hand of cards he plays. 
  And every night at midnight they whack him the same way he was whacked in life and it's painful, night after night. 
  Does that sound like f*cking heaven to you? 
  Was it hot? 
  Yeah i don't know. 
  What the f*ck? 
  The heat would've been the first thing you noticed. 
  Hell is hot. 
  That's never been disputed by anybody. 
  You didn't go to hell. 
  You went to purgatory, my friend. 
  I forgot all about purgatory. 
  Purgatory, a little detour on the way to paradise. 
  How long you think we gotta stay there? 
  That's different for everybody. 
  You add up all your mortal sins, multiply that number by 50, then you add up all your venial sins and multiply that by 25. 
  You add them together, and that's your sentence. 
  I figure i'm gonna have to do about 6, 000 years before i get accepted into heaven. 
  And 6, 000 years is nothing in eternity terms. 
  I could do that standing on my head. 
  It's like a couple of days here. 
  Was i insensitive? 
  And perhaps, did i do it deliberately? 
  Do i hate him? 
  How often are you taking the ativan? 
  Almost every night. 
  And when else? 
  Sunday afternoon i took one. 
  There's another thing, i've i've been drinking alone. 
  I'm glad you're telling me. 
  Part of it is that i'm afraid. 
  I've told him my son is at bard. 
  Why did you agree to continue working with him? 
  I took him back because i felt it was a professional and ethical responsibility to do so. 
  Jennifer, i'm not challenging your ability or professionalism , or even your ethics. 
  Then what are you challenging? 
  What you hope to achieve with this man. 
  What do you hope to achieve with me? 
  No, that's a-- a facile analogy. 
  I'm living in a moral never never land with this patient. 
  Not wanting to judge, but to treat. 
  But now i've judged. 
  I took a position, goddamnit, and i'm scared. 
  I feel for you. 
  You're late. 
  Does that go on my record? 
  I'm talking about common courtesy here. 
  I got a life outside of this too. 
  Lucky you. 
  So, what do you got? 
  I think he knows. 
  Knows what? 
  Or at least suspects. 
  Who, what? 
  What are you talking about? 
  He's been looking at me different, these glances. 
  Glances? 
  We had sandwiches brought in the other night, four with ham, salami, cappicola, one eggplant, and the other with tomato and mozzarella. 
  Yeah, okay. 
  That's six total, there were only five of us. 
  But tony said he ordered the eggplant, but i did, and i know for certain he ordered the tomato/mozzarella. 
  Maybe he forgot. 
  No, no, he never forgets. 
  So, what's the bottom line? 
  He let me eat the eggplant and he took the tomato. 
  But there was a moment. 
  A glance. 
  Yeah, a f*cking glance! 
  This is simple and i'm gonna help you out here. 
  You gotta keep in mind that you're the one who's different now. 
  You're the one seeing through different eyes. 
  You're the one with the new attitude. 
  I know the man and i see he's the one who's different with me. 
  The odds don't favor it. 
  Either way it doesn't matter. 
  To you. 
  I wasn't the one selling heroin, okay? 
  And i wasn't the one who got pinned for it. 
  So what do i do? 
  What do you do? 
  You do everything you can do do. 
  Do what you do to a girl that you want to f*ck. 
  Make him love you. 
  I'll be back first thing in the morning. 
  What do you want for breakfast? 
  You don't wake up till lunch, ma. 
  Tomorrow i'll get up early, alright? 
  How about the peppers and eggs on the round bread? 
  That sound s great, ma. 
  Do you need more time alone, jo? 
  No, i'm ready. 
  Okay, chris. 
  Bye, ma. 
  If you want to sleep, it's okay, i brought a book. 
  No, i just got up ten minutes ago. 
  The painkillers aren't helping? 
  No, they're pretty f*cking good. 
  I want to tell you something, christopher. 
  The other night when your heart stopped i walked the hall to an empty room and i prayed to jesus to spare you. 
  And that if he would spare you i asked that he grant you vision. 
  Sight. 
  So that you can see the way to christ clearly. 
  Yeah, so? 
  And he did spare you. 
  And you saw, christopher. 
  You saw something, something that none of us have ever seen. 
  So what did he say to you? 
  Who? 
  Jesus. 
  I didn't see jesus. 
  Tony said that you saw jesus smiling and he took you to see your father in heaven and then he said it wasn't your time. 
  I was in hell, carmela. 
  You what? 
  My father was in hell and they said that's where i'd go when it's my time. 
  Maybe it was purgatory, but i don't know. 
  Then you have to look at this experience as an opportunity to repent to change your heart to start to walk in the light of the lord. 
  You were blessed by this, christopher. 
  You were blessed with a second chance. 
  I don't know, carmela. 
  Well, i do know. 
  And i am gonna pray like i did the other night and i'm gonna pray every day from now on. 
  It is not too late for you, christopher if you pray. 
  Will you pray? 
  You just have to follow me. 
  In the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit. 
  How was he? 
  Fine. 
  The same. 
  Is there any news? 
  No. 
  So, what? 
  We're not talking now? 
  I said what i had to say, tony. 
  If you can't be honest with me, at least have the balls to be honest with yourself. 
  Oh, i got balls. 
  And as long as i do, they will remain intact. 
  If you don't have faith in me, it's up to you. 
  You gotta prove it to yourself first, tony. 
  To yourself and god. 
  You and god, carmela. 
  You're only religious when it suits you. 
  What is that supposed to mean? 
  Come here. 
  No, no, what is that supposed to mean? 
  The pope doesn't even believe in trojans and you want me to get snipped. 
  Isn't that a little hypocritical? 
  Look, tony, i'm thinking o f my family first, that's all. 
  Whatever's down here is god's creation. 
  Isn't it a sin to undo the good work he's done? 
  You should know, you made a living of it. 
  You're un- fucking- believable, you know that? 
  Look what i made that living for, hmm? 
  What the f*ck you doing? 
  You had dinner an hour ago. 
  What the f*ck are you doing to yourself? 
  Tony, leave him alone. 
  I'm supposed to get a vasectomy when this is my male heir? 
  Look at him. 
  Tony, come back here and apologize! 
  You're draggin' me to hell! 
  What's the matter, what's the matter? 
  You're draggin' me to hell! 
  Paulie, paulie, you had a nightmare, honey. 
  Mama, somebody was screaming, i'm scared. 
  I know, honey, it's okay, it's okay. 
  Uncle paulie had a bad dream. 
  Mommy! 
  Come here, baby. 
  It's alright, it's alright. 
  It's okay, sweetheart. 
 
 
 
  I'm putting them to bed. 
  Then i'm going home to sleep. 
  I don't need to keep everyone up with this. 
  C'mon, let's go to sleep. 
  Come talk to me. 
  How much can you believe in dreams? 
  Wait, wrong. 
  Christopher did not have a dream. 
  I dream, i'd make my peace. 
  He was dead. 
  Science said he was dead, science. 
  You need to talk to someone who deals with this kind of thing professionally. 
  What kind of thing? 
  He's in new york, paulie, in nyack. 
  His name is cullen, he's a psychic. 
  A psychic, get the f*ck out of here. 
  He's famous for contacting dead relatives for people. 
  He contacted my dead friend ronnie. 
  Remember ronnie with the arm? 
  Yeah. 
  He knew all about the fingers at the elbow and i didn't even tell him. 
  He said, "johnnie is here. 
  " And i told him i didn't know any johnnie's, but then he said,"well, one arm is shorter than the other. 
  Does that mean anything to you?" Ronnie, it was ronnie. 
  Jesus, f*cking creep show. 
  You got nothing to lose except the nightmares. 
  What's up? 
  Paulie around? 
  No. 
  Sil? 
  What the f*ck, i'm here, you talk to me. 
  You got something? 
  You better remember me, man. 
  Yeah, i will, now, you got something? 
  Alright. 
  Hacklebarney state park. 
  You know where that "george washington slept- here- house" is? 
  Up that road there is a gray house. 
  Bevilaqua's there? 
  Are you telling me that's who you are or that's who he is? 
  I see. 
  Right. 
  The spirit put him on hold. 
  Do you take the name gregory? 
  My father. 
  I understand now. 
  You're gregory, this is your son. 
  Is your name daniel? 
  Yes. 
  'Cause i got this image of daniel in the lion's den. 
  He says you found his body. 
  Oh, my god. 
  He's sorry. 
  He knows how traumatic that was. 
  He couldn't take the pain anymore. 
  Gregory, i'm sorry, could you repeat that? 
  He wants you to know that he was there with you. 
  And that you should move on. 
  Yes, go ahead. 
  What's the problem? 
  What the hell's the matter? 
  Please, go on. 
  He can't hurt you, you don't have to be afraid. 
  I understand, yes. 
  I feel your anger. 
  Who the f*ck are you talking to? 
  Charles. 
  Yes, yes, you have a son. 
  You're wit h your son? 
  What the f*ck? 
  I don't got no kids. 
  Oh, sonny. 
  Pagano? 
  Kind spirit, is your name sonny? 
  Charles pagano. 
  How the f*ck do you know that? 
  He says he was your first. 
  But i feel many more. 
  Hey! 
  That one's laughing. 
  Poison ivy? 
  He wants to know if it still itches. 
  Don't f*ck with me, who you been talking to? 
  I'm afraid i'm gonna have to ask you to leave. 
  Why? 
  What the f*ck are they saying? 
  You really want me to say it? 
  f*ck you and this bullshit. 
  That's what this is, you know. 
  Satanic black magic, sick sh1t! 
  I'm asking you to leave, sir. 
  Yeah? 
  f*cking queers! 
  When i made my appointment , i gave the name ted hughes. 
  Did you call from your house? 
  I'm not a moron, t. 
  I knew this might be a scam. 
  So i called him from a pathmark. 
  There's no denying it. 
  I'm dragging a bunch of f*cking ghouls around with me and mikey's their f*cking ringleader. 
  Alright paulie think about it. 
  You whacked a bunch of heavy hitters in your time, now, you think they're gonna all join together and follow that prick mikey? 
  How can you just sit there? 
  He warned you about 3:00 too. 
  I don't believe any of this sh1t. 
  It doesn't mean a f*cking thing to me. 
  I was ready to write the whole thing off until this psychic mentioned little sonny pagano. 
  But, that? 
  I don't know. 
  I did this guy over 30 years ago, t. 
  How the f*ck did he know that? 
  Does he know where matt bevilaqua is? 
  Did you ask the f*cking ghostbuster that? 
  'Cause we're out there breaking our ass trying to find this kid, and you're up there f*cking around in nyack. 
  He deals only with the dead. 
  You eat steak? 
  What the f*ck you talking about? 
  If you were in india, you would go to hell for that. 
  I'm not in india, what do i give a f*ck? 
  That's what i'm trying to tell you. 
  None of this sh1t means a goddamn thing. 
  I'm not hungry. 
  You mind if i sit here while i eat? 
  I'm sorry for talking to you the way i did. 
  It's okay. 
  No it's not. 
  I was wrong. 
  And i hope you know i didn't mean it. 
  I said it'cause all the anger and frustration of the last few days built up inside me and exploded. 
  There's no excuse for that. 
  I gotta learn to control my emotions around the people i love. 
  I think you're the same way. 
  I think, your feelings, you keep'em inside, and you and me, we react without thinking. 
  That's why i get mad at you, i see myself in you. 
  I couldn't ask for a better son, a. J. 
  And i mean that. 
  Thanks. 
  Want a piece of pizza? 
  Here. 
  Pussy's on the phone. 
  He says it's urgent. 
  I been calling you all over the f*cking place. 
  I'll be right there. 
  What's going on? 
  Nothing. 
  He's way the f*ck out near morristown, in hacklebarney state park. 
  Over by that "george washington slept- here- house"? 
  Yeah. 
  Give me one. 
  You don't have to do this. 
  Furio and me are on it. 
  I want to do this. 
  Good. 
  Cut furio loose. 
  Three's a crowd. 
  Why don't you just take it easy? 
  We just want to talk to you. 
  That's all. 
  It wasn't me, it was sean, just sean. 
  You're shaking. 
  You're gonna f*cking kill me for something i didn't do. 
  Don't you think we could've killed you already, if we wanted you dead. 
  Relax. 
  We just want to talk to you. 
  Tony, it was sean! 
  You got to believe me, it was sean, he got nuts! 
  He said we're being pissed on and disrespected and that we should score points with richie. 
  But i told him rome wasn't built in one day! 
  Anything tony, i'll tell you anything you want to know. 
  What did richie say? 
  It nothing to do with richie, he didn't ask for it. 
  He got mad when i told him. 
  Sean did it on spec. 
  Alright. 
  Come here. 
  Come here, c'mon. 
  Are you sure nobody else was involved? 
  Take a minute, think it over. 
  It was sea n all the way. 
  Alright. 
  You're a good kid. 
  I'm thirsty. 
  See if we got something to drink. 
  What can i get you? 
  You want a fanta, something like that? 
  How is that? 
  I mean, you sure you want a diet drink? 
  You don't want something with some sugar in it? 
  There's only diet. 
  It's good. 
  You finished? 
  Thank you, t. 
  'Cause that sugarless m*therf*cker, it's the last f*cking drink you're ever gonna have. 
  I swear to god, mommy! 
  Mommy, please, tony, please! 
  to your parish and this is what this guy sees hanging over me? 
  You should've never gone to a psychic. 
  It's divination, it's the devil. 
  They're completely unsanctioned by the church. 
  Psychics are heretics and thieves who practice witchcraft. 
  There's no validity to anything he told you. 
  Your problem's a spiritual matter. 
  Maybe. 
  But irregardless, i should've had immunity to all of this sh1t. 
  I should've been covered by my donations. 
  When the organ needed a reed job who was there? 
  When the priest and the alter boys needed new whites, who picked up the tab? 
  You should've come to me first and none of this would've happened. 
  But don't worry, paul, i'm here. 
  I can help you. 
  It's too late. 
  You've been slacking off on me and you left me unprotected. 
  I'm cutting you off for good. 
  You ain't never gonna see another dime from me. 
  A rich man and a poor man got the same wedding anniversary and every year they meet on madison avenue when their shopping for their wives. 
  So the poor man says to the rich man, "what'd you buy your wife this year?" He says,"i got her a huge diamond ring and a brand new mercedes. 
  " Poor man says,"what'd you get her both for?" Rich man says, "if she don't like the diamond ring she can bring it back in the mercedes and still be happy. 
  " Rich man says to the poor man, "what'd you get your wife this year?" He says, i got her a pair of slippers and dildo. 
  " Rich man says,"what'd you get her a pair of slippers and a dildo for?" And the poor man says, "she don't like the slippers she can go f*ck herself. 
  " Can i get another heineken? 
  Remember the first time you brought me here? 
  Yeah, i remember. 
  Popped my cherry that night. 
  Yeah, seems like old times. 
  Puss. 
  You believe in god? 
  Yeah, i do, ton', absolutely. 
  Works in very mysterious ways his wonders to perform, but no doubt, he's been very good to me. 
  Salut. 
  Hi. 
  Hey. 
  How you doing? 
  Fine. 
  You? 
  Good. 
  Yeah? 
  I've been thinking what? 
  I'll do it. 
  You'll do what? 
  Snip- snip. 
  I don't want you to do it, tony. 
  No, you want me to do it. 
  And now i want to do it. 
  So we'll do it. 
  I started thinking meadow is leaving soon and i may want to have another baby. 
  Maybe. 
  What, are you trying to drive me f*cking crazy? 
  What's behind all this? 
  Ralphie rutald o and his goomar, then the vasectomy , then no vasectomy, and now this, huh? 
  Now you don't want me cut? 
  Tony all i want is you. 
  That's all i have ever wanted. 
  And i want you to be true and to be mine. 
  I want you to not cheat. 
  I will be true, carm, from now on-- tony, please. 
  If you're not gonna believe me, then fine. 
  What can i do? 
  I don't know. 
  What can i do? 
  Prove it to me. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 