Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x11 - House arrest - The Sopranos 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x11 - House arrest https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=848&t=34083 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/21/19 13:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x11 - House arrest 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Stop! Stop! What are you doing? What are you doing , you closing me up? Mister, where do you suppose you are going? Stop! Stop! I demand you stop! I demand you come back here this instant! This instant, you m*therf*cker! You m*therf*cker! m*therf*cker! m*therf*cker! Yeah. 
 Zanone brothers. 
 This f*ckin' series, huh? Your driver, he comes here, he dumps the garbage all over the place! He did, huh? What "he did"? How about those nets, huh? You come get it know! Get what, sir? The goddamn, goddamn garbage. 
 We thought you wanted it back. 
 What? What? The raghead from the deli. 
 Hello, where are you? You called yesterday to complain? That's our policy, it's written on our trucks. 
 Double your garbage back if you're not satisfied. 
 I complain because you didn't make full pickups on 12, 16, 20th. 
 And then i get charged double for it! Right, we had to come out twice. 
 You charge me double for pickups you miss? My dispatcher asked you if you're not satisfied did you want your garbage back? Of course i don't want garbage back. 
 Then you're satisfied. 
 You are speaking sh1t to me. 
 We'll try to send a truck out tomorrow. 
 What are we talking, eight to ten? For godsake alan, i can plea him out of three to five. 
 Alright, talk to mike gendler, see what he says. 
 What's all this? You looked thirsty last time i saw you. 
 Oh yeah, you know what? I knew i left this someplace. 
 New? Ah you know, keeping busy. 
 Carmela, the kids? Good. 
 You know, school sh1t. 
 You bet that game last night? Yeah. 
 What do you think i need this for? So what do i owe you, counselor? You'll pay me when i actually have to do something. 
 Let's hope that f*ckin' day never comes, right? It almost did very recently. 
 Here we go, the neil mink lecture series. 
 We'll isn't it fair to say we were staring into the abyss? A very close call, that brush with a murder beef. 
 I told you i was home alone. 
 You and macaulay culkin. 
 Except that neither one of you would have been alone. 
 Champagne's nice. 
 But you want to give me a real gift? Insulate yourself from these shenanigans. 
 I told you once already. 
 I do. 
 I am. 
 What the f*ck you want from me? Use one of the businesses we've got you in, for something besides showing income on a tax return. 
 Spend time at garden state rendering. 
 Oh please, you know what boiling fat smells like? You have an office at barone sanitation. 
 Get your ass out of that strip club and go there. 
 Alright, i hear you. 
 The feds are a business, anthony. 
 Millions of tax dollars invested in watching your ass. 
 Sooner or late r just like you, they're gonna want a return on that investment. 
 Mother of f*cking mercy. 
 What'd you take a sledge hammer to my balls? That's just the incision where i inserted the stent. 
 You're gonna feel a little tenderness. 
 Okay, almost there. 
 Easy. 
 You should use the bedpan next time. 
 I'm not a cat. 
 I don't sh1t in a box. 
 You have to watch your heart. 
 My heart's fine. 
 When i get out of here we're going to a discotheque, you and me. 
 Discotheque. 
 What's so funny? Mr.Soprano. 
 I'm michael mcluhan from the u.S. 
 Marshall service. 
 Here to reattach your electronic bracelet. 
 They you give you the important jobs, huh? Excuse me. 
 Your name's really mcluhan? Right. 
 So that makes you marshal mcluhan. 
 That's right. 
 What? What's the f*cking joke? Alright, you may feel pressure in your chest. 
 That'll go away as the blood flow to heart increases. 
 Just stay in bed, plenty of fluids. 
 Get you home tomorrow. 
 Lucky f*cking me. 
 Sandwich or something? Did you hear me with my balls, who can f*cking eat? new york's only classic rock station, q104. 
 What are you looking at? Nothing. 
 Just looking out the window. 
 Gettin' my eyebrows done. 
 Remember one mouth, two ears. 
 Listen to each other. 
 I'll see you next week. 
 Okay. 
 So, what's up? I don't know, i'm i'm bored or something. 
 I don't want to come here no more. 
 Well not the first time we've heard you say that. 
 No offense but let's face it, this is starting to feel like a waste of time. 
 I'm sure for the both of us. 
 I don't feel that way. 
 Like the other day i'm watching this movie with brad pitt and that blonde, gweneth paltrow. 
 "Sliding doors"? f*ck no,"seven". 
 It's a good movie, and i never seen it before. 
 But halfway through it, i'm thinking, this is bullshit. 
 A waste of my f*cking time. 
 Why do i give a sh1t who the killer is? What difference is that information gonna make in my life? Very true. 
 So i shut it off. 
 Good for you. 
 What did you do instead? I went out in the yard and burned ants with a magnifying glass. 
 A little sense of humor here. 
 What's the matter? You still in mourning over the coming of managed care? Go on. 
 What's the point? You go to italy, you lift some weights, you watch a movie. 
 It's all a series of distractions'til you die. 
 I hear depression talking. 
 Yeah well, i'm not up on my dosage. 
 Medication , medication, medication, what do i got to show for it? Who knows where you'd be without the medication? Anyway, some people take pleasure in the simple doing of things. 
 Yeah well, the things i take pleasure in, i can't do. 
 Currently trying to change my business profile, if you kno w what i mean. 
 So it's all about your legal problems. 
 I'm gonna get the car. 
 Don't disappear, meet me out front. 
 Corrado? I thought that was you. 
 Catherine romano. 
 Catherine. 
 Mr.Soprano, you have to stay in a wheelchair until you leave the building. 
 Hospital rules. 
 So call a cop. 
 A little procedure, you'd think that they'd worry about the sick people. 
 It's all about the insurance. 
 You remember my chuckie? Little chuckie, you drove the bike for the butchers. 
 I got to call karen, ma. 
 He's a cop now , like his father. 
 A detective. 
 He's a good egg, your lou, a real straight shooter, he had a lot of class. 
 Hodgkin's, no? It's been almost 15 years. 
 That long? The week the shuttle exploded. 
 The pension helps. 
 The grandchildren. 
 You look good, corrado. 
 You healthy? A little heart trouble, nothing much. 
 You broke your ankle? Bunions. 
 You still in belleville? Same house, watsessing avenue. 
 I'm right on ampere parkwa y near our beloved alma mater. 
 Maybe we could have coffee. 
 Catch up. 
 There's an ihop by the dry cleaners. 
 The doctor says i'm not supposed to leave the house. 
 Too much stress. 
 Sir. 
 The chair. 
 What the f*ck, i don't show up for eight years, all of a sudden you turn my office into a storeroom? No, i'm gonna get this sh1t cleaned right out. 
 Connie! Connie! This is mr. 
 Soprano. 
 Tony. 
 How ya doing? Connie desapio. 
 What happened to diane? A little self indulgent when it came to office supplies. 
 Connie, mr. 
 Soprano's been out the in field, but he's gonna be spending some time with us here at hq. 
 So let's get ralphie in here and danny too. 
 And let's move these boxes out, the books. 
 What should i do with them? I don't know, make room. 
 I'll put them by the copy machine. 
 Nice rack. 
 Born- again christian. 
 Oh yeah? Listen, while i have you here, we may have a little problem. 
 Richie aprile. 
 Yeah i know, i heard. 
 He tipped a truck at a deli in nutley. 
 That f*cking guy. 
 But that's not it. 
 One of zanone's drivers, the illustrated man. 
 Richie's got him running an operation, selling blow along the routes. 
 Now the department of sanitation i can handle, tony. 
 But if the d.E.A. 
 Gets involved we're gonna lose our 901. 
 Sonofa- fuckin'- bitch. 
 I'm sorry, i don't like to break your balls. 
 You know that piece of sh1t's gonna be my brother in law? Nice, huh? The rico act, elliot. 
 We sat there and we talked about the f*cking rico act. 
 You treat different patients. 
 Your base of knowledge expands. 
 Two years ago i thought rico was a relative of his. 
 Cards- on- the- table time. 
 How's the drinking? I don't know. 
 Worse, i guess. 
 Are you an alcoholic? I am drinking in between sessions. 
 That's very serious. 
 Just on the days that i see him. 
 I can't take it. 
 Finally, thank you. 
 Are you taking steps to seriously end it? He wanted to end it. 
 He said last time he wanted to stop coming. 
 But i talked him out of it. 
 Why? If i was at sloan and he had a pituitary tumor, would i stop him from coming? Elliot, it's like that thing with watching a train wreck. 
 I'm afraid and repulsed by what he might tell me. 
 But somehow i can't stop myself from wanting to hear it. 
 Okay. 
 All set. 
 It'll ramp up to eight pounds per cubic inch. 
 Keep your airway open when you're sleeping. 
 I don't snore. 
 Ah, don't be embarrassed. 
 Obstructive sleep apnea is serious. 
 Every time your airway closes down and you wake up fighting for breath, it puts tremendous strain on your heart. 
 Dr.Schreck is absolutely right in prescribing this for you. 
 Makes me look like a sick man. 
 You're not sick. 
 But testing shows rem- wise, you have 40 arousals per hour. 
 More since i met you. 
 Such a thing to say. 
 Arousals mean a change in your stages in your sleep. 
 You are such a flirt. 
 I'll stop by tomorrow okay? See how you did. 
 Be counting the beats. 
 Who's that? Judge crater, how should i know? The one who ordere d the house arrest? Answer the door, it's a goddamn expression. 
 I'm gonna go wash my hands. 
 Hello, i'm catherine, a friend of corrado's. 
 f*ck me. 
 Oh catherine, what a surprise. 
 I would've called, you're unlisted. 
 I brought manicott'. 
 How's your foot? It's better, thanks. 
 Heart? Better. 
 Is this a bad time for a visit? Actually, the nurse just got here. 
 We were about to have my examination. 
 Oh well, maybe friday then. 
 I volunteer at the bingo since louis past. 
 Well enjoy the manicott'. 
 Thank you, i will. 
 You're awful. 
 Neighbor lady, she went to school with my older brother. 
 I'll see ya tomorrow. 
 What did you send that lady away for? I thought you were bored. 
 Talking to that dreadnought would help? She seems alright. 
 What the hell would we have in common? Bunion, you know how i feel about feet. 
 Look at this. 
 You believe this one with the cleavage? Finger food is better than last year. 
 It's not the landfill, the problem is the limit. 
 Right know we're at two grand a day, but with dos breaking our ball i got to f*ck with ins and outs. 
 Oh yeah, what's that? The paperwork, you know? List the gross tonnage. 
 I got to file it in triplicate every day. 
 Right. 
 How ya doing? Is that your wife, dickie? Yeah, c'mon, i'll introduce you. 
 I'm getting engaged myself. 
 Hey some place, huh? That landscaping is gorgeous. 
 Janice, you're completely transformed. 
 What can i say? You look good, janice. 
 You look pretty good, janice. 
 You are a giant asshole, you know? C'mon. 
 nirvana. 
 You got a minute? Jesus christ, let me get a drink. 
 Naw, we'll grab a waiter, c'mon. 
 I'll see you. 
 Excuse me ladies. 
 Have you met helen barone? Hi, jan soprano. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 Got any blow? What? Blow, you know coke. 
 What, you don't keep it on you? I got to go to the deli in nutley? Tony. 
 You don't sell that sh1t along those routes, you understand me? I'm working with junior on this. 
 I don't give a sh1t if you're working with walmart, knock it the f*ck off. 
 Trying to earn here, we're saving for a house. 
 You got enough in your plate just picking up garbage. 
 Not if you and that f*cking association, and that cocksucker barone don't let me expand. 
 Are you f*cking stoonad or what? After five years. 
 The cops are finally leaving garbage alone. 
 A drug bust on one of those routes is different story, you got the fbi, the d.E.A., those f*cking pricks are gonna be breathing down our necks again. 
 It's only coke. 
 What is the big deal? You and my uncle, you want to deal drugs, that's your business. 
 You do it on association garbage routes, it's my f*cking business. 
 It stops today, you got it? Don't give me your f*cking manson lamps, just f*cking stop. 
 Another thing, don't tip a truck on a problem customer. 
 I f*cking hate the way you make me f*cking ride you. 
 Now get the f*ck out of here. 
 municipality went private, so now we're bidding on a landfill down in west virginia. 
 I started reading the epa's new guidelines, on curbside recycling. 
 I'm telling you, listen, i'm telling you. 
 Just liste n to me, guys. 
 I got it right through the transfer station. 
 And listen to this, it scaled out at nearly 3, 000 tons. 
 talking about instituting a yard waste ban, in half the states on the eastern seaboard. 
 Oh. 
 Oh my god, tony. 
 Call an ambulance. 
 Jesus christ. 
 Turn him over, carmela. 
 Tony. 
 Watch his head , watch his head. 
 The pills, the analysis. 
 You pay her a fortune, what is she doing for you? Will you leave me the f*ck alone? If it was a man you'd ring his neck. 
 I got a f*cking rash now, last a week or two. 
 Leave me alone. 
 Putting a wing on her house. 
 Mr.Soprano. 
 I have your results. 
 Yeah. 
 Just preliminary, but as far as i can tell, it's nothing physical, right? For chrissake, i just passed out, if it's nothing physical, then what the f*ck is wrong with me? I would think you'd be relieved. 
 I'll be relieved when somebody puts their finger on whatever the f*ck it is that's wrong with me. 
 I wish it was physical, so i can have it ripped the f*ck out. 
 I'm sorry, it's just very frustrating, i know you're only trying to help. 
 You know, losing some weight wouldn't hurt. 
 sh1t. 
 Did you get the lady fingers? Nah, they were out. 
 I got crumbcake, the entenmann's. 
 Disposal again? Leave it, i told you, i gotta get the flange. 
 When, st. 
 Smithen's day? Who was at the door before? That lady from the other day. 
 Catherine? The one with the manicott'. 
 I said you were sleeping. 
 Why didn't you wake me? Roberta sanfilippo didn't call back, did she? I got to be honest, junior, when i ran into her at fountains of wayne that time, she was very cold. 
 What was she buying? Fountain, kid pissing. 
 Must've bought a house. 
 Great ass. 
 Jesus. 
 Talk too much, but what a piece she was. 
 And game as they come. 
 Listen, i'm gonna go. 
 Got to take my kid to karate. 
 No i read it, i did. 
 That's it, that's the way of life. 
 But in "angela's ashes" you were laughing with him at least. 
 Every paycheck squandered on alcohol. 
 Please, you know the irish and their liquor. 
 The "weakness" he calls it, right? How he can make such heartache funny is beyond me. 
 My god, with that father? It's true, we don't know what poverty is in this country. 
 Did you feel in this one the mother came off a little nicer? It's all in the writing. 
 It's like he makes certain choices about how he is going to portray people. 
 Like the nuns in that convent. 
 Please, catholic school here wasn't any better. 
 He used to be a school teacher, you know. 
 Some school in manhattan. 
 My god, the way he treated that wife. 
 She'd be better off if he beat her. 
 Hello. 
 Yeah t, it's me. 
 Hey. 
 Listen, that container came in. 
 From the other side. 
 Supposed to go to that guy great, about f*cking time. 
 It's better than she said, it's un- fuckin'- believable. 
 It's all original world war ii sh1t. 
 You're f*cking kidding me. 
 I know nothing! Nothing! I'm looking at the f*cking history channel here. 
 You got to come down here. 
 You'll love this stuff. 
 Nah. 
 We got eisenhower's dinnerware from allied headquarters in london. 
 We got a couple of herman goerings personal pearl handled lugers, and get this we got the jeep that patto n drove around in, in sicily. 
 We have ways of dealing with you mr. 
 Soprano! Aaaah! Put that thing down. 
 Put that down, it's expensive. 
 No, i better listen to the lawyer. 
 Are you sure? Yeah. 
 You guys go ahead without me. 
 Alright, talk to you later. 
 Alright. 
 How'bout a mystery? The mystery is that rosalie read what? I liked it. 
 What about something like "cider house rules"? Yeah, but not so sad. 
 So, how's that english class going? Comparative literature, whatever. 
 Comp lit was last semester. 
 I told you i'm taking lacan, deconstructive theory. 
 Ooh, deconstructivist, excuse me. 
 Incredible, they could care less. 
 This is delicious. 
 And your grandfather a contractor. 
 Deconstructivism. 
 Ah. 
 My droll mom. 
 Excuse me, could you move your cigarette? Pardon me? It's blowing into my son's face. 
 Thank you. 
 We're allowed to smoke. 
 Unfortunately an area where new jersey is woefully behind, but could you move it? Mom, it's no big deal. 
 It's no big deal to move it either. 
 I don't think so. 
 I'm sorry? I'm not gonna move it. 
 Why not? Because you're very rude. 
 I said excuse me, quite clearly. 
 Your tone. 
 It's a health hazard, move it. 
 No. 
 I'm a physician, do you know what you're doing to the rest of us? My son has taken the trouble in his own life, to live in a smoke- free dorm. 
 My salutations. 
 Mom. 
 This isn't a smoke- free restaurant. 
 Look, this is silly, could you just move the f*cking thing? Not when you talk like that. 
 Just move the cigarette, please? No. 
 No? No. 
 Mom! Well? You bitch. 
 She must be drunk. 
 Excuse me, what did you say? Ma'am, c'mon. 
 I saw what happened let's just, shall we? Will you call the police? I don't think that's warranted, but ma'am-- oh no, please, call the police, because i'm not the one with a lethal weapon here. 
 Ma'am, i'd like you to leave. 
 C'mon jason. 
 I'm outta here. 
 Hello. 
 In here. 
 Uncle jun'? In here, the kitchen! Where you been? I've been calling you all afternoon. 
 My f*cking hand is stuck down the drain. 
 And i can't reach the f*cking phone. 
 Good thing i'm nice, 'cause i can start tickling you. 
 Jesus christ. 
 How long you been standing there? Six hours! Now get the f*cking detergent and lubricate my wrist. 
 m*therf*ckin' sonofabitch. 
 I thought you were bobby. 
 Why didn't you just call a plumber? With what, my f*cking toes? Relax. 
 Relax. 
 Let it go limp. 
 Limp, you're flexing! Let it go limp. 
 Limp. 
 That's it, you're flexing. 
 Limp, that's it simmer down. 
 Simmer down. 
 Easy. 
 Oh, jesus f*cking christ. 
 Oh, this f*cking house. 
 I'm dying here. 
 Just take it easy, okay? You're coming to the engagement party at least, right? We'll special permission. 
 I'll make some coffee. 
 I don't give a sh1t if you do or you don't. 
 It's light. 
 You got your nephew to thank for that. 
 What do you mean? I ran into him the other day at the garbage man's ball, whatever the f*ck it is. 
 He said we can't sell coke on the route anymore. 
 What? That's what he said. 
 I guess nobody should eat, but him. 
 You should have seen him in the golf outfit, he looked like wallace beery. 
 Where does he get the effrontery? He's the boss. 
 Whether he has grand mals or not. 
 And this sh1t is okay with you? I know how much you love him, jr. 
 I don't want to say anything disparaging. 
 You know how it is , they're bureaucrats, they nit, they pick. 
 It's passive- aggressive, pure and simple. 
 They have their lives, themselves. 
 I know, i know, they're not out in the field. 
 What can i do ? it's mandatory. 
 Okay, hold on. 
 
 
 
 Connie, get me the paperwork on the separation requirements for new jersey. 
 Where is it? I don't know, i put them with the recycling files. 
 Can i get you something? Coffee? No. 
 No, i'm alright. 
 I'll be going home soon. 
 I embarrassed my son. 
 How's he supposed to know, where this type of behavior is coming from? Think it's time you considered a 12- step program? I'm not an alcoholic, elliot. 
 Besides i have you, this. 
 Therapy isn't a substitute, you know that. 
 I won't drink with my son anymore. 
 We're bargaining now? I'll go to a meeting. 
 I'm also prescribing luvox. 
 Luvox? Is for ocd. 
 Among other things, i've had success with it treating other compulsions as well. 
 Compulsions? Elliot, c'mon. 
 You're patient, jennifer, your inability to bring the therapy to a conclusion. 
 Elliot, i honestly believe that he's not ready. 
 Refer him to another doctor. 
 You really think that i'm-- obsessed? Luvox. 
 Jesus christ. 
 That coke provides a nice income stream. 
 Do you have any ideas the bills i got? Just keep it away from the garbage routes. 
 The lawyers, the doctors, the prescriptions, a double sawbuck for a plastic pillow, just so i can sit comfortably. 
 Why don't you just sit on that nice pile of cash you got? My finances are nobody's goddamn business. 
 And that garbage is my business. 
 I don't want you and that other shit- bird f*cking it up. 
 Your business. 
 Yeah, why don't you get that true that bald dome of yours? Why does everything have to be so difficult? You know, back in the'50s we worked together. 
 Even rival families settled their differences, amicably. 
 Oh yeah, i remember that picture of albert anastasia lying there all amicable on the barbershop floor. 
 There were exceptions, i'm just saying. 
 Oh i'm sorry, should i come back? It's alright. 
 We're done here. 
 Bad night last night, huh? Let's see if we can't get you a more comfortable fit on this mask. 
 That little cupcake, she never came back. 
 The one with the mask. 
 Tracey? Sent her a bottle of shalimar. 
 She never mentioned it. 
 You should be happy at least, the stent was a complete success. 
 Let's not tempt fate by taxing the heart. 
 How many migs you shoot down last week? Where's that f*cking manicott'? It's gone. 
 Half a f*cking tray in there! I was hungry. 
 Sonofabitch. 
 It's not my fault you got your hand caught. 
 Why do you have to be so nasty? Directory assistant, what listing? Belleville, i need a number for a catherine romano. 
 Thank you, for what city? Cocksucker, belleville! Please hold for an operator. 
 Any allergies, shellfish, perhaps? No, i eat shrimp all the time. 
 Msg? Any change in medication? No. 
 A new laundry detergent, something like that? I don't know, i don't think so. 
 Have you been under any undue stress lately? Is that the only word you people know? Sometimes pressure can result in contact dermatitis. 
 Oh is that what that is? See know i knew that was bad. 
 It means rash. 
 Look at it, it's bleeding, for chrissake. 
 You've been scratching it. 
 You said you work at a sanitation transfer station. 
 Dollars to donuts, you're being exposed t o an irritant in the air. 
 I sit in an office. 
 I'll write you a scrip for cortisone cream. 
 Dr.Cusamano says you've been seeing a psychotherapist. 
 So? I suggest you talk about stress management with him. 
 To tell the truth, i was surprised to hear from you. 
 I was sorry we missed our visit. 
 I had the feeling you weren't interested. 
 No. 
 No. 
 I stopped by the other day but i guess you were out. 
 It was odd. 
 I thought i heard you hollering. 
 Funny how life works. 
 The different paths. 
 Yeah. 
 All leading to the cemetery. 
 Can i ask you something, corrado? Was my lou ever you know, on the take? No, of course not. 
 Why would you ask such a thing? Sometimes you know, i'd find money. 
 Hundreds of dollars, cash, in his pockets at night. 
 Probably won it at the racetrack. 
 You think so? Sure, why not? Somebody has to win. 
 Well the kitchen needs some work but, you know, a little marble, maybe some new fixtures. 
 It's nice. 
 You think he'll come down on the price? I don't know. 
 Tony, it's your sister, would it kill you to take a little interest? I'm here, ain't i? Sorry we're late. 
 The paper says fox hill lane, she takes me to stag trail road. 
 Not bad, huh, carm? Oh, wow. 
 If we have kids, ma's house is just not big enough. 
 And like tony says, it's not our house anyway. 
 Come here, you gotta see this bedroom. 
 You can make a den out of the closet. 
 Talked to my uncle the other day, rich. 
 Yeah, i heard. 
 So we're clear on this drug sh1t, right richie? Now the reason i'm asking you, I don't know if your parole job at the fish market's gonna cover it. 
 Tell me about it. 
 These walls, skim- coat. 
 Not that plain sheetrock sh1t. 
 They put in a lawn this year, it's new. 
 When did you put your lawn in? Richie. 
 This is a great school district. 
 Are you alright? I got to go. 
 What's the matter? Nothing, just-- i feel hot. 
 Oh my god, your all clammy, let's get you home. 
 No, no, you stay with them and help them. 
 I'll see you later. 
 Oh, you poor b*st*rd. 
 Hey tony, you got a minute? Yeah, sure, what's up? What are you doing? Organizing a basketball pool, for the people in the office. 
 Yeah sounds great, should be fun. 
 Yeah. 
 I got a call from a friend of mine in nutley. 
 Guy's a cop. 
 They got richie's driver on video. 
 He sold three ounces of coke at an arcade down there. 
 It's alright, i talked to richie. 
 This was last night. 
 Guess we'll have to torch a truck or something. 
 Oh, but you don't want to hear that. 
 I sure as sh1t didn't say it. 
 Dick, i'm trying to work on this office pool. 
 Sure, i'll leave you alone. 
 Hello. 
 Corrado? What the f*ck are you doing calling my home? Now listen, i'm the only person in this family who doesn't curse, so just do me the favor. 
 I want to see how your feeling. 
 Is that so horrible? I'm fine. 
 It's not easy being abandoned, is it? Look to yourself. 
 I had a stroke, corrado, did you hear? Of course i heard, i don't live in oshkosh. 
 I heard you're keeping company with that catherine romano. 
 What the f*ck? Never you mind about that. 
 Aw, she's so sweet. 
 I remember my johnny told me, she let him feel her up behind "the sons of italy" hall. 
 Listen livia, what you don't know could fill a book. 
 Is everything alright? My brother's wife. 
 Oh livia, how is she? I heard she wasn't well. 
 She never was well. 
 Let's face it. 
 That woman's life is very sad. 
 If she fell into a sewer pipe, she'd come up holding a gold watch in each hand. 
 This was my father's. 
 Actually it was his uncle's. 
 It's a little sweet, but there's nothing like homemade wine. 
 The vinegar eggplant. 
 From four years ago. 
 Take some home. 
 I can't handle the acidity. 
 If you like, i can make us some lunch. 
 Why go to the bother, there's a friendly's on bloomfield avenue. 
 I can't. 
 Don't you enjoy going out corrado? It's not that i don't enjoy it. 
 Well, what is it then, your heart? No, it's certain legal difficulties. 
 The truth is i can't go out. 
 I'm under house arrest. 
 Oh my god, does it hurt? It beeps. 
 Sends a signal if i leave the house. 
 You can't go anywhere? The choices we make, huh? Occasionally i can get special permission. 
 Banking, the doctors, certain family obligations. 
 For most part though i understand if you don't want to stay. 
 I enjoy you, corrado, i always did. 
 You stay, i'll bring food in. 
 Trying to keep a low profile, what's the f*cking point? I'm still a miserable pric k and i'm still passing out. 
 Thing on the history channel the other night, on the american revolution. 
 You know we're the only country in the world where the pursuit of happiness is guaranteed in writing? You believe that, hmm? Bunch of f*cking spoiled brats. 
 Where's my happiness then? It's the pursuit that's guaranteed. 
 Always a f*cking loophole, right? Well, you seem very mellow today. 
 Let's talk about you. 
 You seem like you're on drugs and i'm boring myself to death. 
 I'm ready for the george sanders long walk here. 
 Do you know why a shark keeps moving? They got to keep moving or they'll die, they can't breathe or something. 
 There's a psychological condition known as alexithymia, common in certain personalities. 
 The individual craves almost ceaseless action, which enables them to avoid acknowledging the abhorrent things they do. 
 Abhorrent? What certain personalities? Antisocial personalities. 
 My future brother- in- law ran over a guy, no reason. 
 Guy's paralyzed, has to piss into a cathode tube. 
 What happens when thes e antisocial personalities aren't distracted from the horrible sh1t they do? They have time to think about their behavior. 
 How what they do affects other people. 
 About feelings of emptiness and self- loathing, haunting them since childhood. 
 And they crash. 
 Which one of them knew? Knew what? Jerry grill had asthma he never was one to let common sense get in the way of whatever he wanted to do. 
 What about chris newman? Grale's house was the last thing standing in the way of that new deli. 
 I'm sure chris is glad to see him gone too. 
 What about howard? Corrado. 
 Hmm. 
 I got caught in the middle of the fight and you have no broken bones? Actually they ignored me. 
 f*cking thing. 
 Shh, with that talk. 
 that he'd been cheatin' on her where'd you hear that? Her father told her while i was standing there. 
 Every one of them had a motive. 
 The thing is who had the opportunity and who was it who knew he had asthma? I threw. 
 C'mon. 
 Ho, our long lost leader. 
 Somebody most owe him money. 
 Tony, how you doing? How's the clay pigeon? I'm getting there. 
 You could knock cardoz o law school all you want, but his lawyer says the gun charge will not stick. 
 Yeah, congratulations. 
 We were talking about you know, down the docks. 
 Driving off some off that japanese technology. 
 Hesh knows a guy. 
 Oh yeah? So what else is going on? Nothing. 
 I'm having good luck with swiss basics' moisturizing formula. 
 Maybe i'll try it. 
 Oh! Yeah! What the f*ck? Holy sh1t. 
 Look at that. 
 It's that dipshit carmine again. 
 Sil, go tell him no speeding in neighborhood. 
 I'm on it. 
 C'mon. 
 What an asshole. 
 Carmine, what the f*ck's the matter with you? How many times we gotta tell you, do not speed in this f*cking neighborhood! C'mon, you hurt? That's too bad, you should be f*cking crippled, you f*cking asshole! Don't do that again you understand me? Understand me? People could be f*cking hurt, you know that? You know that? You alright? You sure? Tony. 
 Oh, agent harris. 
 How are you? Good, good to see you. 
 I was in the neighborhood, i wanted to introduce you to my new partner. 
 Joe marquez, tony soprano. 
 What's the matter, no openings in the post office? How'bout those nets, huh? What a series. 
 It's that guy, williams. 
 Yeah, he's good. 
 That fourth quarter was amazing. 
 How'd the knicks do? It was close, really close. 
 Look at this asshole. 
 Friend of yours? He drives too fast, and he's always f*cking hitting sh1t. 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 