Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - Bust out - The Sopranos 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - Bust out https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=848&t=34082 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/21/19 13:12 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - Bust out 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You have to be absolutely This is definitely the man i saw. 
 Have you ever seen him before? No. 
 And the other man? Unfortunately, i didn't get a good look at him. 
 The light was reflecting off the windshield. 
 But he was heavyset, it was really dark, i didn't want them to see me. 
 I heard gunshots, but i thought it was kids with firecrackers. 
 And then when two men drove out in a car, i crouched down in the ragweed. 
 Sure. 
 It began to dawn on me what had happened. 
 Like i told the responding officers, i didn't finish changing the tire. 
 I walked to a phone, called right away. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm so goddamn fed up with crime. 
 I'd hate myself if i didn't come forward and help you put these people behind bars. 
 Thanks to people like you, we may just do that. 
 May i ask who the dead man was? Just a poor kid, got hooked up with the wrong crowd. 
 Crack? Something like that. 
 Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Mommy, no! Mommy. 
 Hey, what's the matter, you lost? Uh- huh. 
 You scared me half to death. 
 I can't turn my back for a minute. 
 I know what that's like. 
 My little guy was a real cadet at his age. 
 Tony. 
 Yeah. 
 It's good you could meet me. 
 No problem. 
 I went over to brookstone and i got myself a scale. 
 What do you want to talk about? Dick barone as long as the two of you are happy i'm in no mood. 
 This freaking garbage business i found out that bow tie wearin' bloodsucker's charging me twice as much as everybody else to tip my trucks at his place. 
 So, you'll pad the tonnage, and you charge your townships a little extra for the pick up. 
 That's all. 
 I got the smallest amount of roots of anybody in the association. 
 You're like the old woman who' got a virginia ham under her arm and she goes around crying 'cause she's got no bread. 
 What the hell? Never mind, the point is your brother, jackie, he never concentrated on sanitation, so, what do you want dick to do? I want a rate. 
 Alright, i'll see what he says. 
 Yeah. 
 You see. 
 Since you own part of the company. 
 Did you shut all the lights? Yeah. 
 In the kitchen? Yeah. 
 I want to spend more time with a.J. 
 It's the other one you should spend time with. 
 She's almost out of the house. 
 Hey, i'm not worried about meadow. 
 Meadow can take care of herself. 
 Why this sudden burst of fatherhood? Can you say anything without it being sarcastic? You're right, i'm sorry. 
 I think it's a good idea. 
 He adores you. 
 He never gets to spend enough time with you. 
 Yeah, well i was reading in "time" the other day, this study at harvard. 
 The father's support is absolutely linked to a boy's later capacity to manage frustrations, to explore new circumstances, and to do well in school. 
 Kid needs to toughen up. 
 I'm not talking about toughening up, i'm talking about opening up. 
 Somebody needs to teach that kid some street smarts and not to be a sucker. 
 And not to be involved with the wrong people. 
 I don't want another christopher on my hands. 
 I mean, look at him, he's lucky to be alive. 
 That other poor prick, they found dead. 
 Kid was 23 or something. 
 Hey pal, with the ramlosa. 
 Put three cases of that in my car. 
 Got it. 
 That's not a mistake. 
 No, i want another 14 gross of the model number 4784. 
 Plastic picnic cooler, just ship them. 
 I'll worry about selling them. 
 Red. 
 Forget blue, red sells. 
 Put it here. 
 Put that on the store tab. 
 He says take three gross of the blue coolers, he'll give us a price on the red. 
 Screw that. 
 He's never getting paid anyway. 
 They got to be all red. 
 Yeah, just do it, please? Thank you. 
 Goodbye. 
 Who gets chicken and peppers? A lot of freakin' work to move some picnic coolers. 
 Coolers are like scissors. 
 Everybody wants one. 
 Nobody has a freakin' idea how much they cost. 
 You put a nigerian out on the street, have them sell these for a couple, three bucks a piece. 
 Who's not gonna say, "screw it, give me one. 
 " Davey, how we doin' with them books of airline tickets? Won't it raise a red flag with the travel agency? A sporting goods store charges airline tickets in bulk? You say it's a promotional device. 
 You know, customer of the year, salesman of the month. 
 That kind of thing. 
 Don't worry about it. 
 You put it on different lines of credit. 
 Yeah, but all of a sudden, i'm ordering all this weird sh1t, i mean, picnic coolers, ramlosa water. 
 When's one of these vendors gonna realize i'm never gonna pay'em and call the cops? When your freakin' credit runs out, diamond jim. 
 Until then, get on the freakin' horn and order. 
 Unless you're ready to pay us the principle you owe us. 
 Hey! Put the heat up. 
 Today! Oh, jeez! What's the matter? Spider. 
 So, kill it. 
 Uh- uh, you do it. 
 Come here and kill the freakin' thing. 
 Come here. 
 No way. 
 No, c'mon. 
 It was a leaf, you freakin' idiot. 
 Mister? Yeah. 
 Some man here to see you. 
 Who? The police. 
 Be right back. 
 Did you let them in the house? "Warrant. 
 " How do you say it in f*ckin' polish? Agent harris. 
 Who's your friend? I'm detective harold giardina. 
 From the essex county task force. 
 Well, i'm pleased to meet you. 
 But if you don't have a warrant, could you get the hell out of my house? 'Cause i'm kind of busy. 
 I can see that. 
 Oh, you're a comedian. 
 Is that how you broke your nose? Tony, we could have phoned. 
 We paid you the courtesy of a visit. 
 We want you to come down to the station to talk. 
 To talk. 
 About matthew bevilaqua. 
 Dad? Take the backboard out of the cabana. 
 I'll be down there in a couple of minutes. 
 Look a lawyer up, come in one on one, it's your call. 
 Just name a time at your convenience. 
 On your way out, you think you can roll the garbages down the hill? Tomorrow's pick up day. 
 Let's go, harry. 
 So those were those fbi guys that were here before. 
 What did they want? Nothing. 
 Keep this between us, alright? You know how your mother gets. 
 What do yo u got for me? Partial list of the major investors in webistics. 
 Other than that, i haven't seen tony in a while. 
 You mean, besides the night tony capped the bevilaqua kid. 
 What are you talking about? Did you f*ck me? Did you f*ck me? Take it easy. 
 Take it easy? How about i put a bullet in that boars head of yours? He was spotted, sal. 
 So, don't go pulling my taffy. 
 'Cause at this second, if you lie to me, you will never see the streets where you live for 50 freakin' years. 
 Did you know about this? No. 
 If you knew he was planning something and didn't tell me, and didn't wear a wire-- i told you,"no. 
 " Well, there was someone else with tony the night he shot the kid up. 
 A quote- unquote husky accomplice. 
 Yeah? Yeah. 
 But the witness couldn't i.D. 
 Him. 
 Were you the prep the witness couldn't make? What are you talking about? Are you crazy? What'd i tell you? No f*cking violence. 
 I oughta burn you right now and let the judge throw away the key. 
 I'm gonna decide to believe you, okay? But here's what you're gonna do for me. 
 I want to hear tony's voice on tape, sal, saying, "i killed matthew bevilaqua. 
 " No distortions, no throat- clearings, no f*cking nose- blowings. 
 Okay, i get it. 
 But let me ask you something: If i did ride with tony on something like that, don't you think it would only get me tighter with him, raise my coinage? Make tony forget all his suspicions? You're a cute prick, puss, i'll give you that. 
 Get me tony on tape talking about this murder. 
 So, who's the witness? No joke, sal. 
 You don't want to see my darker side. 
 Go. 
 If they had enough to pinch you for, there'd be bars between us right as we speak. 
 Why do they want me to go down there? Lock you into a story, any story. 
 So, later at trial, any contradiction'll sink you. 
 Are we gonna go? Did you say you'd go? Please. 
 Alright. 
 Procrastinate. 
 Let me get our ducks in a row. 
 In the meantime, keep your cool and go the speed limit. 
 Don't give them an in. 
 What'd i just say? Don't give them an in. 
 Are you alright, tony? This is some bad sh1t here. 
 What's up, anthony? How did this happen? Mid- life crisis? You can talk to me. 
 The mothers last year said we should end senior night at sunrise at long beach island. 
 That way they can dance, they'll do the scavenger hunt and the liquor stores'll be closed. 
 We count noses. 
 Yeah, okay. 
 Jeez, is that the time? I'm gonna barely get natalie to tap. 
 Chris, need a ride? No, my brother's coming to pick me up. 
 Eric took my car to a fencing meet. 
 Alright, next week, my house. 
 We'll tie up the loose ends. 
 Christine, i'm so glad you stayed behind. 
 I kind of wanted to. 
 When i found out about eric's car, i told tony to give it right back. 
 I wish i could say this is the first time dave has pulled a stunt like this, but uh eric is going to college and maybe it's better for his grades he doesn't have a car. 
 So, april 1st, huh? How i dread it. 
 Just so long as eric gets into georgetown. 
 It's his first choice. 
 I wish it was meadow's. 
 She wants to go to berkeley. 
 Hi. 
 We just finished. 
 I'm sorry i'm late. 
 I was bidding a job in rumson. 
 My brother, the artist with wallpaper. 
 The only one you trust with your brunswick and fields. 
 Vic, carmela soprano. 
 Victor musto. 
 Nice to meet you. 
 You too. 
 You have a beautiful house here. 
 Oh, thank you. 
 Not that it couldn't use a little freshening up. 
 Vic does amazing border work too. 
 Actually, i was thinking of doing some wallpaper in the dining room. 
 Do you have a card, vic? Yeah. 
 Sure. 
 I'm bonded, state certified, but i'm still dangerous. 
 Well bye, carmela, thanks. 
 Well, let's get together soon and have lunch, okay? Have you tried the new vesuvio? No. 
 Okay, lunch, promise. 
 Yes. 
 Nice meeting you. 
 Oh, you too, and i'm gonna call about the wallpaper. 
 Nice lady. 
 Don't even think about it. 
 She's married to tony soprano. 
 Married's good enough for me. 
 Who her husband is doesn't matter. 
 I respect the ring. 
 Oh, especially that ring. 
 Probably came off a dead person's finger. 
 David, are you down there? Be right up. 
 What are you doing up there? I'm fixing the freakin ' lightbulb, that's all! It's glares out the "one" ball when i rack. 
 Jesus, okay. 
 You're the one that's always worried about somebody ruining the felt. 
 Oh, richie, oh, baby, you're the best. 
 Oh, you're the best. 
 One ever. 
 Oh, baby, you're the best. 
 Oh, baby, you're the best. 
 Oh, richie. 
 Oh, richie. 
 Oh, baby, you're the boss. 
 Oh, you're the boss! Oh, baby. 
 Oh, you're the best. 
 Oh, oh, it should be you. 
 Oh. 
 It should be you. 
 Oh. 
 What? Where'd that come from? What? "It should be you"? What are you trying to say, janice? What? Don't "what" me! Why'd you say that? I was making love to you, baby. 
 You know what you said. 
 I was in the heat of passion, i'm doing it like you like. 
 "Boss" this. 
 "Boss" that. 
 "Should be you. 
 " That's not part of it. 
 How can you think of stuff like that during s*x? You're not in the moment. 
 I find powerful men erotic. 
 Is that another dig in me? Oh, jesus, richie. 
 I gotta be loyal. 
 Without that, we crumble. 
 Tell that to paul castellano. 
 I'm old school, janice. 
 All i mean is my brother needs help. 
 Teaching him manners is one thing. 
 My uncle junior still has friends and junior thinks the world of you. 
 When your opponent gives you an opening, be swift as a hare. 
 When i think of that jacket i gave your brother and he spit on it. 
 I could slice an ear off his head. 
 Richie wait, wha-- ma, if you need something, call, i'll bring it up. 
 Are you smoking marijuana? I want to watch the tv. 
 Well, we should get another one for your room. 
 Listen to her. 
 Like rose kennedy with all our money to throw around. 
 Gives me agita. 
 They want me to go downtown. 
 Lock you into a story. 
 And if they do have something, why the hell ain't they talking to you? Give them time, they will. 
 Murder and aid of racketeering. 
 There they are. 
 The flying garvone brothers. 
 Not good. 
 Not good. 
 On my freakin' kids, i will freakin' cut you. 
 Just tell me. 
 Take it easy, ton', it's fixable. 
 First off, it's not a rat. 
 Thank god. 
 Don't thank him yet. 
 There's an eyeball witness. 
 What're you talking about? Jesus christ. 
 Did you see anybody? Another freakin' living soul? No. 
 Don't worry, a mere bump in the road. 
 Oh, you're beautiful. 
 Who, do we know him? All my friend at the station knows is that he's a civilian. 
 A flag- saluting bloodsucker. 
 Maybe you should "lamb chop it" for a while. 
 I keep a suitcase in my truck. 
 Yeah, tell us about it. 
 Forget all of yous. 
 Bygones are never bygones. 
 This is a freakin' nightmare. 
 I have to move some cash around. 
 If i'm gonna lam it, i'm going with a freakin' package. 
 I'm not gonna be like mickey marsucal. 
 That poor jerk, he had five freakin' minutes to run. 
 He ended up in some rat- infested motel down in elvis country. 
 Where is that? Anywhere there are no jews or italians. 
 I don't get it. 
 It's starting! It's already starting! Get back in your office, david! I'm opening my mail and it's a lawsuit! It's a freakin' lean on the building, they're gonna close me down! Davey, not f*cking now, okay? They're gonna know after this that it's fraud. 
 I'm gonna go to jail for this! Get the f*ck back in your f*cking hole, now! Davey you're doing a good job! Don't worry about this witness, t. 
 Exactly. 
 You don't even know what he said. 
 f*ck you, i did too. 
 What, then? I understood. 
 What's it mean? It means sit on this, cocksucker! Five minutes away from the can for the rest of my f*cking life and i'm laughing. 
 You gotta, skip, you gotta. 
 It's been months since davey took me to dinner. 
 When you're dating it's all candles and wine. 
 Dave's been even more preoccupied than usual lately. 
 He's busy. 
 Carmela, my husband has a disease, a serious gambling problem. 
 I am so sorry. 
 Thank god the store's in my name. 
 He can't sell the business without me or he would've gambled it all away by now. 
 But i'm gonna make sure we get through this. 
 Uh- uh. 
 Give me those. 
 I'm gonna make you two beautiful women a special tasting menu. 
 I was hoping he would say that. 
 Now i know you ordered the pelligrino, but i want you to try this. 
 I got such a deal on this ramlosa. 
 It was so nice to meet your brother the other day. 
 He seems like a very interesting person. 
 Vic's a doll. 
 When his wife was dying, he waited on her hand and foot. 
 Really? A widower? So young. 
 Breast cancer. 
 I thought there was a sadness about him. 
 Yeah. 
 And the children? Childless. 
 She had a hostile womb. 
 I had a dream about him. 
 You did? Christine well, he asked me about you too. 
 He was wallpapering my dining room. 
 Oh, well, the dream was your subconscious telling you you want to have him wallpaper your dining room, that's all. 
 Hey, go- gootz! I got something for you. 
 What? What? A rod and a penn international reel. 
 Thanks. 
 You wanted it for christmas last year, remember? We couldn't get it, it was back- ordered. 
 Well i got a great deal on them. 
 We'll, take the boat, we'll go out fishing. 
 Okay. 
 What are you doing now? You want to go fishing now? No, no, i'd figure we'd see a movie or something, get some pizza. 
 I can't. 
 What do you mean you can't? I'm going to the mall. 
 You can't see a movie'cause you gotta go to the mall? Not just me, brad, alan, heidi, her sister maybe. 
 Like a double date. 
 No, dad, okay? We're just going to the mall, we go there sometimes. 
 And do what? I don't know, get something to eat, some mrs. 
 Fields. 
 Anyway, i gotta go, i'm meeting them there. 
 Alright. 
 Go ahead. 
 See you later. 
 Yeah, my girl did the same thing at his age. 
 Boys and girls always in a group, what's that about? What's it about for you? In my day a boy and a girl went on a date. 
 And your father hoped you wouldn't get too far or else you'd get the girl knocked up and her parents would come over and break your legs. 
 I don't think it's about him going to mall with a group that bothered you. 
 Wasn't it that he was going to mall instead of going to the movies with you? He's getting to that age where he's got a life of his own. 
 One that doesn't include you. 
 It's always,"we'll do this, we're gonna do that". 
 Not so fast, i've heard you talk many times about being with your son. 
 Yeah well, that's over now. 
 Gone, done. 
 It's bittersweet, this period. 
 You're glad that they're growing up, but you're sad to lose them. 
 I could be going away for a very long time. 
 For something i didn't do. 
 How about, "gee, that's too bad, anthony", or "what a shame, tony"? We can't go into specifics on this. 
 Here's something specific, i didn't do anything wrong. 
 We're not supposed to talk about it. 
 I could be going to can for the rest of my f*cking life. 
 And i'm not supposed to discuss it with my psychiatrist? What the f*ck are you for, anyway? How does that make you feel, the idea that you might be sent to prison? I just gotta stay around a little while longer for the kids. 
 Especially my boy. 
 Once he's out of the house the government can do whatever the f*ck they want to do. 
 Give me life, give me the f*cking chair, whatever they want. 
 I've never seen you like this. 
 Like what? Scared. 
 You know, i wouldn't use that word. 
 But sometimes i feel i don't know, i don't know. 
 You M*therf*ckers, you M*therf*ckers! I don't f*cking deserve this. 
 How's your medication? Maybe we should stop. 
 What? Don't have the witness yet. 
 Nothing. 
 This is the fbi, ton'. 
 Local cops, you buy them a christmas tree, they'll give you their grandmother. 
 But you know how tight these fed cocksuckers can keep it. 
 Alright go home, get some sleep. 
 You don't want to stop by "the bing", get something to eat or something? No. 
 Just tell me, t, what do you want me to do? Just let me think. 
 C'mon. 
 Alright. 
 Tony. 
 What are you doing here? I could ask you the same f*cking question. 
 It's my store. 
 Congratulations, it's a f*cking disaster. 
 Hey, some of those airline tickets came in. 
 You and me split them with you and richie. 
 They're mine, it's my idea. 
 That's where you sleep? Yeah, sometimes. 
 It's easier than going home. 
 I know what you mean. 
 I remember when you transferred into 10th grade from boden boden. 
 f*cking army brat. 
 Hey, you remember when those guidos from paterson, they caught you up at garret mountain, they had you barricaded in your old man's car and i whipped that rock and hit that guy in the eye? Don't reminisce on me. 
 You told me not to get in the game. 
 Why'd you let me do it? Well, i knew you had this business here, davey. 
 It's my nature. 
 The frog and the scorpion, you know? Besides, if you would've won i'd be the one crying the blues, right? What's the end? The end it's planned bankruptcy. 
 Hey, you're not the first guy to get busted out. 
 This is how a guy like me makes his living. 
 This is my bread and butter. 
 When this is over you're free to go. 
 You can go anywhere you want. 
 Oh, for chrissake. 
 Anthony! Dig! Anthony! Anthony, dig! C'mon! Anthony! Oh, my god, that was so exciting. 
 If i wouldn't have banged my foot, i would've came in second. 
 You were like a fish out there. 
 Where's dad? He couldn't make it. 
 Oh. 
 He called, he had a very important meeting, he'll be here next time. 
 This is the last meet of the season. 
 Next year, i mean. 
 Oh, okay. 
 Got a safe? Yeah, why? You want to pay in advance? There's a little over I want you to hold it for me. 
 This goes down, i'm out of this area code. 
 My wife's gonna come in here once a week for an allowance. 
 You don't ask her any question and you never ever refuse her. 
 She wants it all you give it to her. 
 But she won't do that, carmela's smarter than that. 
 And if you're gone longer than the money lasts? Don't worry, you won't have to go into your own kick. 
 This witness can't remain nameless forever. 
 I didn't hear that. 
 Don't you got school tomorrow? So? So, it's late, go to bed. 
 Did you hear me? I hope you apologize to him. 
 For what? Tony, you promised him you were gonna be at his swim meet. 
 Oh, sh1t, i forgot. 
 How could you forget? Something i had to do. 
 Tony, he almos t came in second. 
 You should've seen his face when you weren't there. 
 I saw his face the other day when he had to go to mall when i wanted to take him to movies. 
 What are you six years old? I said i'd try to be there. 
 What is with you, tony? This whole week, you're like an alien life- form among us. 
 There's nothing wrong. 
 Thank you for sharing. 
 You know what? Leave me the f*ck alone. 
 I'm exhausted. 
 I'll make it up to him, the swim meet. 
 So, where were you? Did you go see christopher at the hospital? Yeah, i went to see christopher at the hospital. 
 Wherever you were, it couldn't have been more important than letting your son know that you care about him! No, only you care. 
 f*ck you. 
 No, f*ck you! f*ck you! You f*ck! What the f*ck's wrong with you? Hey. 
 My god, you scared the sh1t out of me. 
 No. 
 Shut'em off. 
 Why are you sitting in the dark? I don't know. 
 I like the dark, sit. 
 I gotta go online. 
 Oh, c'mon. 
 Sit for a minute, c'mon. 
 What's going on? With what? Whatever, i don't know. 
 What's going on? I just told you, a chatroom. 
 Is that it? You know i love you, right, med? Dad no, don't "dad" me, c'mon. 
 I want to know. 
 Do you know that i love you? Yes. 
 I know that you love me. 
 'Cause your mother doesn't think i love you enough. 
 And you listen to her? Everything i do and everything i've done and everything i will do it's all for you and your brother, you know that. 
 I think you should go to bed. 
 I mean, i tell people, you're like your mother, but you're all me, nothing gets by you. 
 And i know you think i'm a hypocrite. 
 I'm going to bed. 
 Alright, go ahead. 
 Dad, why don't you go to bed? I'm gonna finish my drink. 
 Okay. 
 Goodnight. 
 Goodnight, baby. 
 Sometimes we're all hypocrites. 
 Goodnight, baby. 
 Goodnight. 
 So, how are you guys doing? Anybody ready for another sandwich? You oughta go into business with those. 
 Oh, stop it. 
 Thank you, no, mrs. 
 
 
 
 Carmela. 
 Yeah, i thought you might be able to use this. 
 You said that ramone backed over your old cooler with the truck. 
 I lied. 
 I smelled those sausages cooking and i wanted you to make me lunch. 
 You i guess i'm hungry for a home- cooked meal. 
 My wife was a gourmet cook. 
 Christine told me about her, i'm so sorry. 
 Thank you. 
 So, listen, we were talking about the powder room. 
 Do you have a minute to take a look at it now? I could kind o f use some input. 
 Oh, yeah, sure. 
 The paper that is in here now, i think it kind of closes the room in. 
 Yeah, i see what you mean, it's the vertical striping. 
 Yeah. 
 Somebody even talked me into papering the back of the door here. 
 I must've been out of my mind. 
 Yeah, it's a lot for the eye to handle in such a confined space. 
 So, what do you think, should i just paint maybe, or do something sort of plainish? Just grass cloth maybe, or? Oh, jesus. 
 Oh, jesus, mary and joseph. 
 I swear to god i never did anything like this in my life. 
 It's my fault, i couldn't help it. 
 I never felt like this before, not in years, maybe never. 
 Me, too, this will never happen again. 
 No, of course not. 
 I apologize. 
 You should better get back to work. 
 Yeah. 
 What about little eric? He has been ripped from the arms of the only mother he has ever known. 
 You know how that little boy loves you. 
 We cannot let her do this. 
 Hey, uncle junior. 
 I thought you guys might like some salami and eggs. 
 Always thinking. 
 My mother says to send her love. 
 Put that stuff in the bedroom. 
 Leave the sneakers. 
 Want to try them on? They got lights on the bottom. 
 I don't wear that sh1t. 
 I'm gonna give it to black kid i let wash my car. 
 Poor prick, he wears a pair that's wrapped with duct tape. 
 You're too good, junior. 
 That's your problem. 
 Did she say she was knocked up? Who? f*ck, i turn my head one second and they slip one in on you. 
 She's a putana, this one. 
 f*cked an arson investigator last week. 
 Thank my nephew for the stuff. 
 Your nephew? This sh1t comes from my end. 
 I'm sorry, i take it back. 
 The sneakers are from tony. 
 Cock. 
 You know, jun', it kills me to sit back and watch. 
 Forget it. 
 No, finish what you were gonna say. 
 I forgot already. 
 Then un- forget. 
 I can't not notice that he's f*cking you. 
 This scatino bust out, is like a license to steal. 
 What's he throwing your way? Un gatz. 
 This garbage thing, he's already taking your townships. 
 Now he's f*cking with mine? What am i supposed to do about it? I'm under indictment. 
 Sorry, junior, i don't want to rip open old wounds, but i'm in no shape for disharmony. 
 You and i both know he's gotta go. 
 That's my nephew you're talking about. 
 How dare you in my own home! C'mon junior, this f*cking guy was supposed to be laid out on midland avenue a year ago. 
 I know it. 
 You know it. 
 Let me tell you who's not a good kid. 
 That niece of mine. 
 I left my brother's house one night and my wallet was light. 
 I'm talking about a 10- year- girl here, richie. 
 A word to the wise, that's all i'm saying. 
 Now for the first time ever you can make homemade sausage and homemade pasta hi, grandma. 
 Your aunt forgot to lock that door. 
 I told her i don't trust that new mailman. 
 Guess what? I got my answers from colleges today. 
 Oh, yeah? How'd you do? Accepted at berkeley, accepted at nyu, wait list, columbia, penn, i didn't make it, boden, i didn't make it, b.U. 
 Accepted. 
 What about that other place? Um, georgetown. 
 Wait list. 
 You don't owe them anything. 
 Thanks, grandma. 
 Oh, lock that door, will you? And for dessert, the kids can make their own chocolate pasta. 
 Hello? Carmela, vic. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm good, i'm fine. 
 I was just thinking about you and and what happened this morning. 
 And i just wanted to say again-- oh please, please, it was just a crazy thing. 
 But if it's a problem for me to come back i've got another job, and yours is far enough along that ramone can finish up. 
 So, there's no charge to you, except for materials. 
 No, no, no, i wouldn't think of it. 
 It's just that, you know, since jill, there hasn't been anyone to even talk to. 
 Oh, i know. 
 In fact-- what? Well, i was thinking maybe tomorrow you could send ramone to other job. 
 That way you and i would have a chance to talk on your lunch break or something. 
 That would be so great. 
 I could make a lunch for us. 
 Maybe a du poulet? Mesculin salad, nice bottle of barollo. 
 That sound s incredible. 
 Okay. 
 Then thanks, thanks for calling. 
 That's terrific. 
 Um see you tomorrow. 
 Yeah, i will talk to you tomorrow then. 
 Bye, bye. 
 Who was that? It was nobody, the wallpaper man. 
 Oh, my god. 
 What? Oh, my god, please god, no. 
 What the hell is it? "The victim has further been identified as matthew bevilaqua, a soprano family associate. 
 " f*ck, give me that. 
 "Officials close to the investigation "are keeping tight- lipped as it may involve a high ranking mafia member. 
 " Oh, my god. 
 Where's that detective's number? On the fridge. 
 Those lying cocksuckers. 
 Where on the fridge? On the fridge, on the fridge! Where on the f*cking fridge? I knew it, i knew it! But you had to be a big man! Jesus christ, david, where the hell have you been? Thanks for coming, thanks for coming. 
 I'm glad you called me. 
 My sister's been worried sick about you. 
 I know. 
 I'm sorry, i should've called her. 
 How about i say i'm sorry to the whole f*cking world? Rent the fuji blimp or something? Christine knows you're gambling again, she told me. 
 Not gambling anymore, i'm broke. 
 Jesus christ. 
 I screwed up, vic. 
 I screwed up really bad this time. 
 Look, it's gonna be okay, it's gonna be alright. 
 You're gonna go back to gamblers anonymous, we'll figure out a payment plan and we'll get you back on your feet. 
 Gamblers anonymous. 
 You think it's a big joke, but you're going back there. 
 Is that right? Where the f*ck were you when i dropped out in first place? I was just twisting in the f*cking wind out there. 
 What?! Both of you! With your f*cking broom up your asses. 
 You didn't give a f*ck. 
 You just f*cking looked the other way! Now it's our fault now? Don't you ever talk about christine like that, ever. 
 f*ck her! f*ck you! How much did you lose? How much? How much did you f*cking lose? Everything. 
 What do you mean everything? Everything, everything! For chrissakes, vic, everything, the savings, the business, everything. 
 You disgust me. 
 I have to go chapter 11. 
 And then the liquidators will come in and they'll pick through the bones. 
 This is it, david. 
 I f*cking had it, this is it. 
 As soon as eric goes off to college, by the way, he got into georgetown today, you probably didn't know about that. 
 But as soon as that kid's out of the house, you're packing your bags and you're keeping the f*ck away from my sister. 
 David, don't tell me you blew eric's college fund. 
 Jesus christ. 
 Jesus. 
 You f*cking asshole. 
 How could you do that? Jesus. 
 Well i'm paying for that kid's education. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 You're a great man, vic. 
 Wait a minute. 
 How could you gamble the business away? It's in my sister's name, isn't it? I didn't gamble it away exactly. 
 What happened? I got involved with some bad people. 
 And i got in debt to'em, and f*cking tony soprano, alright? Yeah, tony f*cking soprano. 
 It's a bust out. 
 You get in debt to'em where you can't pay'em, they become your partners and then they f*cking eat through everything like f*cking termites. 
 What about the cops? They're animals, vic. 
 They started a fire in my dumpster. 
 These two guys came to see me one night. 
 You got no idea what dead eyes means until you face these people, in your f*cking bathrobe and flip- flops. 
 France 1944 general george patton lead s his third army into battle. 
 He knows that the controversies that have swirled about him have tarnished his reputation. 
 He desperately wants to vindicate himself in the only way he knows how hello. 
 It's over, skip. 
 What do you mean? You know that other party who said he saw something that we know didn't happen? Yeah. 
 He realizes now he didn't see what we know didn't happen. 
 Yeah. 
 Sleep well, my friend. 
 major strategy is the attack. 
 "The more germans we kill, the fewer of our own men will be killed", he said. 
 Patton's hatred for the enemy is matched only by his fierce concern for his men. 
 You seem relieved. 
 Yeah. 
 Yeah. 
 So this person, the witness, simply changed his or her mind? I don't know what happened. 
 You don't? What's that supposed to mean? You know, when i was in italy i met somebody that reminded me of you. 
 A woman. 
 And it's not what you think. 
 Like me in what way? Smart. 
 You know what she said to me? What did she say? She told me that i'm my own worst enemy. 
 That's kind of a cliche, isn't it? You had to be there. 
 She's one of them witchy broads, you know? Not like a psychic, but i didn't mean to sound disparaging. 
 That's some ancient culture over there. 
 They believe all this weird sh1t like sybils. 
 Sybils? Like i said, you had to be there. 
 Okay, so, i wanted to f*ck her. 
 But she was right, what she said, right? I mean i bring all this on myself. 
 I mean, that's what you keep telling me. 
 Yes, i suppose it is at root. 
 The question is how do you stop? You know what? What? I dodged a very big bullet. 
 And i'm feeling pretty f*cking good about it. 
 So, i don't need anymore psychiatry today. 
 Hey, license and registration pal. 
 Hey, tony, what are you doing here? I got something for you. 
 What is that? Get the f*ck out of here with that. 
 Why? Because i'm a paraplegic? My idea was for you to donate it to the spinal cord injury foundation. 
 I'm gonna walk again, tony. 
 I know you are, beans. 
 But in the meantime you donate, you get your picture up, inspire people a little bit. 
 Oh what, you mean be like a f*cking poster boy? Is that what you mean? Just take the money, you can whack it u p with the foundation. 
 f*ck you, tony. 
 Take the money, beans. 
 You got to take it. 
 Beansie thank you. 
 Thank you. 
 Thank you, beans. 
 Lilliana can you get that? Ramone. 
 Morning, mrs. 
 Mr. Musta no es come. 
 Oh. 
 Oh, is he okay? Yeah, but he has to go to the other job. 
 Oh. 
 Okay. 
 Want to steer? Yeah. 
 No you don't. 
 I do. 
 I'd let you but if the harbor master sees us, we get in a lot of trouble. 
 Nobody's gonna see. 
 I don't know. 
 C'mon. 
 Go ahead. 
 Now listen, driving a boat's not like driving a car, 'cause you got no breaks to slam on, and you can't make quick turns. 
 So you got to anticipate your turns a lot sooner. 
 This is so cool. 
 Look out! Stop! Look out! 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 