Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Full leather jacket - The Sopranos 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Full leather jacket https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=848&t=34075 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/20/19 07:17 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Full leather jacket 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 While you were sleeping we found out hunter scangarelo got into reed college. 
  Sayonara. 
  Can't you be happy for hunter? 
  Reed was her first choice. 
  She'd die if she didn't get in. 
  Why do you always think everything has something to do with me? 
  Because you didn't get in anywhere. 
  Anthony, nobody is hearing anything for months. 
  Hunter took early acceptance, so she found out early. 
  But that meant she could only apply to one college. 
  Your sister, on the other hand gave herself a lot of options, such as bowdoin, holy cross, georgetown. 
  You know that georgetown is a total reach for me. 
  They'd be crazy not to want you. 
  If i can get in there that means i can probably get into berkeley. 
  Over my dead body. 
  There are more nobel prize winners in the san francisco bay area than anywhere on the planet. 
  Nobel prize for what, packing fudge? 
  Look, you know you can go anywhere you want to go to college. 
  But i'll tell you where i'm not gonna pay for, and that's berkeley. 
  I want to go to harvard or west point. 
  You may see them on television, but that's about it. 
  You want to go to a college like that, you gotta crack the books. 
  Stockings, chris. 
  How many you think you gotta sell to pay the nut on this place? 
  How can i express how little i give a f*ck? 
  Shh, shh, what's that? 
  f*cking rent- a- jake. 
  Want me to cave the rest of your head in? 
  That's bent enough. 
  Get the crowbar, pop the plate. 
  Sean, without fail, every time we're on a f*cking job. 
  The adrenaline affects everybody differently. 
  Big pussy bompensiero, he started out as a cat burglar. 
  One time he left a load so big, cop thought a bear was in the place. 
  Pussy bompensiero started off chipping safes like this? 
  Until he stepped up for johnny soprano during the unrest of'83. 
  Back then, when you did something you got recognized. 
  Your time comes, you either step up or start looking for a new career. 
  Selling stockings door to door. 
  The profile toner is a wonderful, affordable easily- used alternative to undergoing facelift surgery. 
  The profile toner is great for any age and any body type, even for those hereditary you've probably given up on. 
  Carm. 
  Why don't you take a xanex or something? 
  What is this obsession with berkeley? 
  What, is she trying to get away from us? 
  Absolutely, that's her job. 
  Go ahead, laugh. 
  What are you gonna do if she gets into berkeley and not into notre dame or georgetown? 
  She's in the national honor society, for chrissake. 
  Don't be naive, tony, please. 
  How do you think hunter scangerelo got into reed college? 
  Her uncle, that's how. 
  Him and his wife are graduates. 
  That's the only way that little freak was gonna get into college. 
  Second baby boom. 
  Grades, great sat scores, it's not enough anymore. 
  It's all who you know or how many buildings you give. 
  So, what you want me to do, huh? 
  He here? 
  Hey. 
  Someone leave a cage open at turtleback zoo? 
  Sit down, for chrissake. 
  I want to talk to you about beansie gaeta. 
  He may never walk again. 
  Never say never. 
  No say never. 
  He's a shopping cart, from here on out. 
  He gets home from rehab soon, poor m*therf*cker. 
  You should help him out. 
  Help him out? 
  You should build him a ramp on his house for the wheelchair. 
  You know, make the place handicap accessible. 
  Maybe while i'm over there i could f*ck his wife. 
  C'mon, rich, you're a f*cking captain now. 
  And a salut', so, exert a little pressure. 
  Call that nephew of yours, vito, and other one. 
  They're in the building trades, aren't they? 
  Are you f*cking serious? 
  Richie, it's a gesture. 
  The man has a lot of friends. 
  You're out of your f*cking minds. 
  Don't take that attitude. 
  Richie, hey, you're gonna build beansie a ramp. 
  I'll build a ramp up to your ass drive a lionel up in there. 
  Jeannie, hi! 
  You putting your roses to bed, huh? 
  Carmela, hi. 
  I haven't seen you at spinning class lately. 
  I went by and rang the bell a couple times, you weren' t home either. 
  Really? 
  The other day, i'm at the willowbrook mall and i see you going on the down escalator, and i'm yelling, "jeannie, jeannie. 
  " That's when i realized it was your sister. 
  Didn't she go to georgetown? 
  Georgetown law, georgetown law review, regional secretary of the georgetown alumni association of short hills. 
  Because my meadow applied to georgetown. 
  And i am hoping and prayin g to jesus that she gets in. 
  She keeps talking about berkeley. 
  Madonn', berkeley. 
  College already, huh? 
  They get big so fast. 
  Oh god, is that the time? 
  Uh, jeannie. 
  I need to ask you a favor. 
  I was wondering if you would ask your sister to write meadow a letter of recommendation. 
  Is that too forward? 
  Well, but she doesn't really know meadow. 
  But you do and you could give her meadow's transcripts, which are excellent, by the way. 
  Her paper on the melting icecap, it made me cry, it was so poignant. 
  It was published in "the daily caduceus". 
  My sister, she's so busy. 
  Really, if there is any way you could find your wa y to helping me out here. 
  I'll ask her. 
  Thank you, jeannie. 
  I'll let you get back to your plants. 
  Good, good, good. 
  That's it, push up. 
  Now bracing yourself on the bedside hand. 
  Richie. 
  Could you excuse u s for a moment, dear? 
  No. 
  Are you alright, mr. 
  Gaeta? 
  He's fine. 
  He's so proud, he won't accept some friendly concern. 
  Just stay right out in the hall. 
  What do you want? 
  Why don't you f*ckin' kill me, you cocksucker? 
  For chrissake, look what you did to me. 
  Whose idea was the ramp? 
  What ramp? 
  The f*cking ramp. 
  If you need help, i'll f*ckin' help you. 
  You understand? 
  You talk to me. 
  I don't want jack sh1t from you. 
  Okay i'll leave. 
  But if you go crying to tony soprano one more time if you open your mouth, i'm gonna send your arms where your legs are. 
  Liz, let me in, i gotta see adriana. 
  She's not here. 
  Let me in, i gotta talk to her. 
  You are not welcome in this house. 
  What the f*ck, adriana, i'm sorry, okay? 
  How many times i gotta call here? 
  Just go away, christopher! 
  I hate you, i never want to speak to you again! 
  I'm callin g the police. 
  Don't be like that, adriana. 
  I love you, i'm going crazy, i miss you. 
  I'm dialing 911. 
  Why should i listen to you? 
  So you can dump another glass of wine in your soup and embarrass me in front of a whole restaurant? 
  Give me the phone! 
  Go in the other room! 
  Ow. 
  I want to marry you. 
  What? 
  I mean it, adriana, i love you. 
  I want to marry you. 
  Got you a ring and everything. 
  Don't listen to him. 
  He's been jerking you around for three years. 
  You're wasting your whole youth. 
  Ma. 
  Open it. 
  Sure, i bet it was in zane's window this morning. 
  I bet there's bits of broken glass in it. 
  Mom, would you leave us alone? 
  I hear you sobbing in your bed at night! 
  Ma! 
  When you get hurt next time, this door is closed to you. 
  Oh, my god. 
  Christopher. 
  It's three carats. 
  The guy said you can bring it in, have it sized or whatever, if it's loose. 
  Christopher! 
  He had "the mummy" before it was in the theaters. 
  Oh look who's here. 
  I was wondering why the squirrels went quiet. 
  This nephew of yours, he a real ball breaker. 
  I'm telling hi m about the tapes. 
  These are the real hollywood quality broadcast movies. 
  None of that timecoding bullshit, or blurry pictures those nigerians sell on the street. 
  You're in on this. 
  What's johnny sack say about that? 
  f*ck new york. 
  I better run before that wife of yours gets home. 
  Besides, i can't be seen associating with known felons. 
  What's your excuse for hanging out with this undesirable? 
  The terms of my house arrest allow me to do my grocery shopping. 
  Don't put handprints on the finish! 
  Oh. 
  Last of the arugala rabe from the garden. 
  Don't drench it in oil this time. 
  He likes to mop with his bread, it's not my fault. 
  What brings you to an english- speaking neighborhood? 
  f*cking winghead came to see me. 
  Paulie. 
  He said i got to build a f*cking ramp on beansie's house. 
  Yeah, i know. 
  Wait, this was your idea? 
  Jesus christ, tony, is this how you spend your time? 
  Beansie gaeta would still be selling nickel bags on jefferson avenue if it wasn't for jackie. 
  Richie, build beansie the ramp. 
  Terrible accident that kid had. 
  Yeah, it's done. 
  C'mon, come here. 
  I got something for you. 
  What's this? 
  "What's this"? 
  It's the jacket. 
  The jacket. 
  The jacket i took off rocco dimeo. 
  Oh, yeah, yeah. 
  Cocksucker had the toughest reputation in essex county. 
  But he never came back after i got through with him. 
  He later died of alzheimers. 
  Yeah? 
  Try it on. 
  It's your f*cking jacket. 
  You loved this jacket. 
  You and my kid brother, you would've killed for this jacket. 
  Silk lining, fine corinthian leather. 
  Nobody believed with my size i could carry this jacket. 
  But with the belt it was like rocco. 
  It's a nice jacket. 
  It's a beautiful jacket. 
  But it's yours to have now. 
  Why? 
  I gotta let go of the past. 
  Like the tao says, "you got to shut one door before another one can open. 
  " Is that so hard to do? 
  You did it. 
  That's it, that's it. 
  Oh! 
  Huh? 
  Perfect. 
  You look like robert evans over here. 
  Thanks. 
  Is that all tony said? 
  Did he say anything else? 
  What the f*ck do you want him to do? 
  Give you a kiss on the lips? 
  He said,"nice wagon, where's his end?" To kick upstairs to tony soprano would be an honor. 
  He the man. 
  I thought you said i was the man. 
  He the man, i the man, who the man? 
  "Are vee not men?" Listen, tony's cut from this thing and that one, that comes out of your end, not mine. 
  That's how it is in the beginning. 
  The dues concept, we're down with that. 
  I laid out my whole take on the diamond for ade anyway. 
  Adriana la cerva, there's one hotty. 
  She loves me and these are her child- bearing years. 
  I don't see myself getting married though. 
  I get all the'ho cake i need and i can hire somebody to wash my dishes and iron my shirts. 
  Yeah, i could see that. 
  No more burritos, or you're not working with me. 
  Look at this f*cking place. 
  You imagine spending day after day in here, year after year? 
  Can i help you? 
  Miss gaeta? 
  We're here to put in the ramp. 
  What ramp? 
  For your husband. 
  You're from rehab outreach at st. 
  Erasmus? 
  We're also supposed to alter the toilets and widen the doorways and so on, to make the house more wheelchair accessible. 
  Who sent you over here? 
  Richie aprile. 
  Richie aprile? 
  We should be done by the time beansie's home from the hospital. 
  Get out of here. 
  I don't want anything to do with that man after what he did to peter. 
  She's got her problems, but i'm not gonna tell richie this is not getting done. 
  Richie. 
  Donny! 
  This is matthew bevelaqua and sean gismonte. 
  They're both from west orange. 
  I'm back to drinkwater. 
  It's f*cking good to meet you, richie. 
  My cousin louis gismonte worked with you in the prison sign shop at east jersey. 
  Oh, yeah, lou. 
  About 5'8", about 225. 
  I'm taking them over to my uncle joey's lot to look at iroc's. 
  They asked if they can come by and say hello first. 
  You've been doing some things with christopher molitsanti. 
  You know, this and that. 
  The attitude on that camel- nose f*ck. 
  He ever lays his hand on my niece again i'm gonna tear him apart piece by piece. 
  Camel nose! 
  You can't make that sh1t up. 
  What the f*ck are you talking about? 
  I just did. 
  Did you ever notice he's the only m*therf*cker who can smoke a cigarette in the rain with his hands tied behind his back? 
  That nose is like a natural canopy. 
  The kid has his good points. 
  I'm not saying anything against him, he's my homey. 
  Your what? 
  He lives up near me. 
  Why didn't you say that? 
  If you want to talk like a f*cking moulinyan, we'll send you to slip- and- fall school. 
  Fellas, c'mon, time's up, let's go. 
  Richie, it was good meeting you. 
  If there's ever anything you can do for me let me know. 
  Hi. 
  Oh, my god, did we have a lunch? 
  I'm rushing out the door to a deposition. 
  I was in the neighborhood. 
  Downtown newark? 
  I think i goofed, joannie. 
  I don't know how i got into this conversation. 
  But carmela soprano, from next door, trapped me and asked me if i'd ask you to write her daughter a letter of recommendation to georgetown. 
  The gangster's wife? 
  I'm sorry. 
  She just blind- sided me in the backyard. 
  What was i supposed to say? 
  That i'm busy? 
  Which i am. 
  That i don't even know the girl? 
  C'mon, you met meadow, That's not what i mean. 
  You can't expect me to do this. 
  It's just a letter. 
  Bruce just wrote one to u. V. M. 
  You do it all the time. 
  Bring gangsters onto the georgetown campus? 
  I don't think so. 
  Oh, spare me the elitist bullshit. 
  They're my neighbors. 
  Have you lost your mind? 
  Carmela asked me, joan. 
  What, are you frightened? 
  What do you think they're gonna do, put you in cement boots over a college application? 
  It's not that, it's a question of manners. 
  What am i supposed to say? 
  That i'm writing a letter for someone else, which i am. 
  A wonderful young dominican boy from the projects with a 5. 
  2 average. 
  I have a reputation to protect. 
  I knew you wouldn't do it. 
  You want to be a doormat for the rest of your life? 
  Just deal with it, jeannie, okay? 
  It's no trouble at all to add two more, especially with miss meadow among the missing. 
  Don't be silly. 
  We just dropped by to pick up some of ma's furniture from the basement. 
  "Ma" now? 
  You, come over and sit with me and anthony, and let janice's friend sit at the foot. 
  Grandpa, after dinner, hot wheels? 
  Ooh. 
  Something smells good. 
  See, it's much cozier this way. 
  The more the merrier. 
  This is what it's all about. 
  Friends, family. 
  That's what i missed all those years. 
  You are always welcome, richie. 
  I hope everyone's hungry for crown roast. 
  Let me help you. 
  No, ma, sit down, sit down. 
  Janice, sit, i have everything under control. 
  Oh, janice, sit. 
  Really, sit. 
  How's the jacket? 
  What jacket? 
  I gave your little brother a beautiful leather jacket. 
  You still likin' the jacket, ton'? 
  It's terrific. 
  Excuse me, i gotta get the ginzu. 
  What jacket? 
  Where's my knife? 
  I want to compliment you on your behavior out there. 
  I want him where i can see him. 
  That's what we mea n when we say family. 
  I'm sorry, i know i'm late. 
  I said you could stay overnight at hunter's, not miss sunday dinner. 
  I said i'm sorry, you could've paged me. 
  Was there any mail yesterday? 
  It's right there where it always is. 
  Go set yourself a place, we have company. 
  What happened to this? 
  Hello? 
  Carmela? 
  Hi. 
  It's jeannie cusamano. 
  Oh, hi, hi, how are you? 
  Listen carmela, i spoke to my sister about the letter for meadow, and she's sorry, but she can't do it, i'm sorry. 
  She can't, why not? 
  Because she already wrote a letter for someone else. 
  A wonderful young dominican man from the housing projects with a 5. 
  2 average and a crack- addict mother, and cerebral palsy. 
  So, what does that mean, she can't send two? 
  Did you think about asking one of the priests at the church? 
  A letter from father intintola would probably mean even more, i bet, especially at georgetown. 
  I gotta go, bye. 
  Good luck. 
  Who was that? 
  Can't send It's nothing. 
  Joan. 
  I know you said you didn't want to be interrupted, but there's a carmela soprano here to see you. 
  You're kidding. 
  She's not in your daytimer, you want me to handle it? 
  Christ. 
  Send her in. 
  Excuse me. 
  Joan, hi. 
  Is this a bad time? 
  Always. 
  C'mon in. 
  Ricotta pie with pineapples. 
  I was in the neighborhood. 
  My mother's foot surgeon is over here. 
  Oh, thank you. 
  Listen, carmela, i think i know why you're here. 
  My sister told me you wanted me to write a letter to georgetown for "fielder", is it? 
  Meadow. 
  Sorry. 
  But i just can't do it. 
  Well, i thought you would at least want to take a look at her grades and her sat scores and some teacher comments before you made up your mind. 
  I think she would be a wonderful addition to the georgetown campus. 
  Then i'm sure the admissions offices will see that. 
  Well, i'm not sure that's true. 
  The sad fact is that's just not enough these days. 
  I'm sorry, carmela , but i can't do it. 
  I don't think you understand. 
  I want you to write that letter. 
  Excuse me? 
  I said i want you to write the letter. 
  Are you threatening me? 
  Threat, what threatening? 
  I brought you a ricotta pie and high school transcripts so you could write a letter of recommendation for my little daughter to georgetown. 
  I'm an officer of the court. 
  A lawyer. 
  Don't make me beg here. 
  I've already written my last letter of support for this academic year. 
  How about this, i thought you could write a letter to georgetown, tell them you discovered that georgetown was not that person's first choice, and that in fact he was using georgetown as a backup-- i'm not gonna tell you what to write. 
  Oh my god, i left my mother in the car with that foot. 
  Thanks for this. 
  Ask the kid to fix me a burger. 
  Holy f*ck, sh1t. 
  We should've at least said hello. 
  Or asked him what time it was or something. 
  Think we should go in? 
  How do i look? 
  Good. 
  Your hair, though, yeah. 
  Hey, hi tony, how the f*ck's it going? 
  How ya doin'? 
  Matt drinkwater, ivo bevelaqua's nephew. 
  My partner, sean gismonte. 
  We're friends of christopher, we worked the executive card game. 
  I know, how you doing? 
  That dancer, destinee, out there? 
  I'd like to break my dick off in that ass of hers. 
  Just so you know, chrissy spoke to us about you wanted we should give you a taste from those tapes-- jesus f*cking christ, you stupid shit- eating twat. 
 
 
 
  You ever hear of wiretaps? 
  Look what you did. 
  Because you made me do all the talking. 
  You always do that. 
  You get all quiet, you leave me hanging in the motherfucking cocksucking wind. 
  What is so important you're gonna make a man late for the first post? 
  We heard from gia gaeta your little nephew s ripped up the house and then haven't been back there. 
  I needed the guys to do some work on janice's mother's house. 
  Which all due respect is also your boss's mother's house. 
  Gentlemen. 
  Ton'. 
  These guys won't shut up about this f*cking ramp. 
  Richie, relax, sit down. 
  I'll buy you a cup of coffee. 
  Where's the jacket? 
  You're not wearing the jacket. 
  It's in the car, you want it back? 
  I gave tony a jacket i took off rocco dimeo. 
  Cocksucker had a reputation as being the toughest guy in essex county. 
  But he didn't come back here when i got through with him. 
  then we were doing an interview and i asked if i could do it carmela? 
  Hi. 
  Hi. 
  Jean, hi, c'mon in. 
  Your plate. 
  My sister said the ricotta pie was delicious and the family loved it. 
  She also said that she reviewed meadow's transcripts, and she was knocked the f*ck out by those teacher recommendations. 
  She sat right down and wrote a terrific letter to georgetown. 
  That's wonderful. 
  Yeah. 
  Do you have a copy? 
  No, but i'll get you one, no problem. 
  Thank you so much. 
  Jean, you are a wonderful friend. 
  Did i tell you how impressed joan was with meadow's transcripts? 
  You did, thank you. 
  Howie t, bro, blood's flaying on the mix. 
  We oughta score some vega's to kick the f*cking bass up on this tv. 
  What the f*ck, what's that? 
  f*ck, it's that f*cking zip furio and somebody. 
  What the f*ck? 
  Let him in before he kicks the door down. 
  Furio, right? 
  We're here for the money. 
  The money? 
  The boss money. 
  Oh, the money, okay, sure. 
  Get tony's money. 
  Bella televisione. 
  Hdtv compatible. 
  You guys want something to drink, beer, soda? 
  Just the money. 
  It's all there. 
  Give me $1, 000. 
  $1, 000 more? 
  Christopher said ten percent. 
  $1, 000. 
  I can't f*cking believe this. 
  You're ripping us off for a g- note. 
  This is bullshit. 
  C'mon, hurry up. 
  What'd you say to him? 
  Have a nice day. 
  Jesus f*cking mother of christ, christopher. 
  You want one? 
  No, i'll have a puff of yours. 
  Man. 
  I know. 
  If i knew it was gonna keep getting better and better, i would have asked you to marry me sooner. 
  Like it wasn't always good? 
  Ow. 
  Christopher. 
  What? 
  Nothing, just-- i love my ring. 
  T was right. 
  He set me straight that sh1t he said to me. 
  No more distractions focus, no drugs, eye on the prize. 
  I'm back on track, adriana. 
  I'm rededicating myself right down the line. 
  I don't know why we always fight. 
  It's my fault. 
  I don't communicate my needs. 
  We waste so much time. 
  You're right. 
  Let's not-- i love you so much. 
  I love you, too. 
  Lilliana, can you get that? 
  Richie! 
  What a surprise, what brings you this way? 
  How are you today, dear? 
  This is to thank you for sunday dinner. 
  Some tripe and tomatoes i made. 
  We gotta be the only two people who still like tripe. 
  My god, richie, thank you. 
  It's for you, for later, for dinner, for whatever you want to do with it. 
  The kids are gonna freak out when they see this. 
  I just made some fresh drip, do you want a cup? 
  Sure, why not? 
  So, richie, you and par-- janice this is no flash in the pan. 
  Yeah, it's ironic how life works. 
  She goes to sri lanka or wherever, i go where i went and here we are back where we started 20 years ago. 
  For every shoe there is a mate. 
  Mrs. 
  Carmela, sorry, but my husband has come to get the extra tv set from the basement you said i could have. 
  Sure, go right ahead. 
  If there is one thing we don't lack around here it's television sets. 
  Lilliana, the remote is down there somewhere, too. 
  It's on the shelves. 
  Hello, mrs. 
  , thank you for tv. 
  Oh, please, enjoy. 
  The poor thing. 
  In poland he was a mechanical engineer, here's he's driving a cab. 
  What's the matter, you alright? 
  I'm fine, i'm fine. 
  I gotta go. 
  Answering machine. 
  Friggin' christopher, where is he? 
  He's always here. 
  This is f*cked. 
  What? 
  This, us, look at us. 
  We're like two f*cking scared rabbits or something, douchebags. 
  Don't say that. 
  Sean, for chrissakes, grow up to reality. 
  We are nowhere. 
  Buying fish, punching safes, what is that, for what? 
  We're just getting started, it's what you do. 
  We got stockbroker licenses. 
  I went to pace college. 
  f*ck. 
  It's true, huh? 
  We're f*cked. 
  We gotta do something to get ahead in this world. 
  Mom, i don't believe it and don't try to deny it! 
  I told you not to let lilliana into my room! 
  Look at the money they waste on these cd roms. 
  "Mindspring", "earthlink", what are these, exactly? 
  I don't know and don't change the subject, it's my room! 
  There were clothes a foot deep on the floor. 
  You had half the bath towels in there. 
  Don't exaggerate! 
  Wet, it was starting to smell. 
  It's my room and if i want it like that that's the way i want it! 
  I don't bitch you out about your room. 
  Your room is in my house. 
  And as long as you live in my house, there are gonna be limits. 
  I won't be here for long, i'm 18 years old! 
  I'm going to be going to college soon, i can take care of myself so just bug out, okay? 
  Oh, you can? 
  That's right! 
  You know what? 
  You're right. 
  You are right. 
  You can take care of yourself. 
  Thank you. 
  You're gonna be going off all on your own to a wonderful college. 
  What right do i have to interfere? 
  What's going on? 
  Nothing i can think of. 
  Except it's tuesday, 3:00. 
  So we gotta talk about something. 
  Okay, spin the wheel. 
  Here's something that's been bothering me. 
  I gave my daughter a car. 
  Really? 
  Yeah, used car, one of those suv's, a'92 pathfinder. 
  The thing is, it belonged to a friend of hers from school, and it came into my possession because of a debt incurred to me by the kid's father. 
  And this is the way he elected to make payment. 
  You gave her her friend's car. 
  It was a nice, safe car, to which i had the pink slip. 
  What's bothering you? 
  I must've know n that she'd know that it was this f*cking kid eric's car and how i got it, you know, and she'd freak out. 
  Then why'd you give it to her? 
  I don't know. 
  For all these years i've been shielding her and protecting her from certain truths. 
  So now i want to rub her nose in it? 
  Any thoughts on that? 
  This kid's father, he's a f*cking degenerate gambler. 
  But he's also a respected businessman in the community and everything that goes along with that. 
  One of your happy wanderers. 
  How do you remember this sh1t? 
  So, it becomes my fault that he lost his kid's car? 
  I gotta look out for him because he's a sick b*st*rd? 
  My friend artie bucco's got a restaurant, right? 
  Now, believe me, no one's telling him to refuse a plate of fettucini to some fat f*ck that wanders in that's eating himself to death. 
  Maybe that's what you were saying to your daughter. 
  What? 
  By giving her the suv, wanting her to confront some of these moral ambiguities. 
  English. 
  Meadow's going to be going away to college next year. 
  Yeah, that's why she needs the car. 
  Leaving the nest. 
  Not those f*cking ducks again. 
  Maybe you were preparing her for reality, teaching her to fly. 
  You people are something. 
  I gave my little daughter a car to rub her face in sh1t, and you're telling me i did something noble? 
  We're getting to something here. 
  Time's up. 
  We still have time and we're doing good work. 
  What? 
  You feel you're cured? 
  Fine, i'll sit here. 
  But i got nothing else to say. 
  Yeah, you called me? 
  Oh, get the f*ck out of here, paulie. 
  I'm supposed to go all the way over there to check on a f*cking ramp? 
  Yo, christopher, what's up? 
  What's up, man? 
  Get that m*therf*cker! 
  Get him! 
  f*cking seatbelt! 
  Richie. 
  Yeah. 
  Matt drinkwater, bevelaqua. 
  You hear what happened to christopher moltisanti? 
  Yeah, somebody blew him up. 
  It was us, me and sean. 
  You? 
  Sean is f*cking dead, christopher killed him. 
  So, what the f*ck are you doing here? 
  We did it for you as a favor. 
  What the f*ck are you talking about? 
  'Cause you don't like him. 
  So what? 
  He hit your niece. 
  Jesus, are you f*cking crazy? 
  That's all i need now for that two- faced ungrateful f*ck to think i had any part of this. 
  You gotta help me, man. 
  I'll help you, i'll f*cking help you! 
  You gotta hide me, i'm with you now. 
  Who told you to do that? 
  Get out of here, you dumb f*ck, i'll kill you! 
  How can this happen? 
  How could this happen? 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 