Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - The Bryce Newman Letter - Roadies 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - The Bryce Newman Letter https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=655&t=27903 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 07/11/16 05:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - The Bryce Newman Letter 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Shelli :  Previously on "Roadies..." 
 Kelly Ann : I don't even know if the band are feeling it either. 
 They haven't changed their set since the last tour. 
 New setlist. 
 We're gonna open with "Janine" tonight. 
 Shelli : We need an opening act. 
 Bill :  I can't find a replacement by tonight. 
 People are pissed at you, 'cause you left. 
 And you can't demand a nickname. 
 That sh1t's, like, bestowed. 
 Bill :  I had my blood pressure checked. 
 It scared a nurse. 
 Shelli :  I have everyone on the lookout. 
 Natalie Shayne is not that good a stalker. Are you gonna lead morning circle? Bill :  No, that was Phil's thing. The holding hands and all that. That's why it worked, because it was his. Your little scheme to get me fired didn't quite come off. I didn't try to get you fired. You don't want to be my friend anyway. People on this tour don't like me. See you in Atlanta. [keyboard tapping] [chuckling] [laughs] [quirky upbeat music] Melinda :  You are here right now because of a perceived problem. "Am I Too Serious?" Yes, you are. And that's why you're here. First and foremost, becoming less serious will be a process. You can start in the workplace with a joke or two. You know, "Hey, uh, hard at work, or 'hard' at work?" And that's funny in the bank. One good joke that makes people laugh can change the way they feel about you forever. Imagine you with an extra sparkle that can make people laugh. And that's why we're on the planet. Have you seen it? It's bad. Kelly Ann : What? Who died? We did. Wes : m*therf*cker. Haven't you ever read "The Bryce Newman Letter"? I mean, once or twice, but I think all of his columns are the same. "Last night I found myself watching a YouTube video of the Staton-House Band. I once liked this earnest American band. I thought I'd revisit them in the harsh light of today's music business. Let me just say what no one's saying. The band have become relentlessly irrelevant." It's a full-frontal assault. Donna : He didn't even go to the show. He reviewed a YouTube fan video. All right, I'm just gonna go way out on a limb here and say it's not good. What are you, trying to be funny? Keep reading. Keep reading. Wes : You know what? Who the f*ck gave these people the right to spew this sh1t? I'd like to meet this fucker and wrap his tongue around his neck until it kills him. All right, that's a bit of an overreaction, okay? Donna : He really goes after Rick. You go after Rick, you go after me. Wait. He insults you too. Wait. What? Where? "Bassist Rick Bayless was clearly inebriated by the end of the evening, out of tune, and looking like a lost little boy in search of his mommy, AKA the guitar tuner." All right. Let's kill him. [upbeat guitar music] ♪ ♪ Bill. Yeah. You know you got handsomer since last year? Kind of like what happens with the Marlboro man? Who's that? [chuckles] I guess you had to be there. [laughs] You're as gorgeous as a yellow rose. You know, a yellow rose means friendship. Is that right? Is that what we are? [cell phone dings and buzzes] Oh, hell. Come on. Leave me alone. I'm gonna write this f*cking guy. Milo : I can't bear... I can't bear this anymore. He wasn't even at the show. It's okay. We got this. Let's write him. Let's write him. Let's write him. Write this, "Hey. Hey, asshole..." Good. Donna : "Hey, asshole..." "Why don't you get your head out of Dave Grohl's hairy ass..." Oh, he f*cking loves Dave Grohl. Everyone loves Dave Grohl. "...and be a real reviewer, because this... this is not writing," all right? No. "This... this is whining." Write that. Write it. Donna : Nice. Sending now. Milo : Good. Done. Boom. I like you better without the accent, man. Yeah, me too. Thanks. Nice. "Bryce Newman does not accept mail from fans he doesn't know." You've got to be f*cking kidding me. Donna : I love how he presumes we're his fans. Fans, fans. You people love drama. Milo : You're right. You're right. You know what? I'm done. Done. Wes : Me too. Done. I'm done. Just keep... keep reading it... "Hunger is the active ingredient in an artist's journey..." Oh, my God. Bryce :  And the Staton-House Band is no longer hungry. They are coasting on the music of moper-extraordinaire Christopher House, who once and for all proves on their current Capture the Flag tour that he hasn't written a real true song since the days of "Janine." I found myself missing the old days, when a Staton-House Band album was still an event, and I'd drive up the coast in my yellow vintage Volvo and get that great pastrami sandwich at the Hat with an amazing French dip that came with it. Oh, who would have thought over time that a French pastrami dip sandwich would be more relevant than the songs of Christopher House? Dude, he compared your band to a pastrami sandwich. That's f*cked up. We should have never started playing "Janine." Don't blame yourself for making them change the setlist. This is not totally your fault. It's a little your fault. It's kind of your fault. Oh, Cassie, I need a hug. Oh, hey, Dionne. This is Bill. Hello, sir. Hi. What's wrong, D? Dionne : I'm just kinda bummed. I took MDMA last night, and I parked in the wrong spot. And the landlord had my spot taken away and got my car towed. Tuesdays, right? [mumbles] It's Thursday. Hey, Bill, honey, would you scoot over? I'm just gonna... Oh, yeah. I'm gonna wrap myself in this blanket so I'm not totally naked. Dionne : I hate to make you scoot over, but mmm, mmm, thanks. I'm just kind of blue this morning. Yeah. You know what? I'm gonna make everybody breakfast. Yeah. Yeah? Bill, do you have to work super early? Yeah, but I think I can... I think I can... Got a little time, yeah. Stay for breakfast? Mm-hmm, okay. Sorry about your parking spot. She's an amazing girl. Yeah, she sure is. I try and get to Atl... Atlanta as often as I can. Yeah, she calls you Mr. Once A Year. ♪ Warm guitar music ♪ 
♪ I love you. [laughs] You caught me by surprise. [laughs] Me too. I mean, I only see you once a year, so I might as well get to the point. Yeah, well, come to the show tonight, okay? I'll send a runner to come get you. I want to see you more than once a year. ♪ ♪ It's up to you. Shelli : Where in the holy hell were you, fuckface asshole? Hey, it's good to be really loved, you know? Even if it's only once a year. What was her name? Cassie. I remember Cassie, the surfer with the Lana Del Rey eyes. Yeah, the eyes. Okay, let me put it like this. I don't give a f*ck about her eyes. Everybody is melting down here. I have not read "The Bryce Newman Letter" yet. Oh, it's super not good. Yeah, well, Christopher hasn't called me. Christopher's still asleep. But he's gonna wake up and check his phone. And you can bet 25 "friends" are gonna have written him saying, "Oh, man, are you okay?" And... [phone rings] Yep, that's Preston calling again. Oh, if I could only be a "Cassie." My biggest problem would be cutting my perfect bangs. They are good. Just... Good morning, Preston. Good morning, Sweet William. How's that big sh1t Bryce Newman left on your doorstep? I got to pee. Just tell me, why did we start changing the setlist? Bill : Well, we had a beautiful breeze of inspiration that just kind of blew on through the tour. We got lucky. Well, just shut that f*cking breeze down. Everybody in the industry reads this guy, and it's embarrassing. Now, look, I'm trying to get on a plane down there today,  but with this f*cking El Niño, it's a goddamn nightmare, and nothing's moving. Anyway, my son has this situation with his leg. I thought it was his arm. [groans and exhales] It's both. He's a wreck. 13-year-old kid. His mother never calls him. He tears his ligament, and he said to me, "Will you be here for me, Dad?" I mean, what do you say to that? So what you're saying is, you want me to take care of it in case you don't show up. Preston : Look, Christopher's gonna take this right to the not-relevant part. And he's gonna hold it against Tom, which is a whole other problem for us to talk about... I mean, when we're face-to-face. Bill : What does that mean? We have to keep this from Christopher as long as possible. Bill :  Well, I've got it taken care of, boss. Now, would you like to hear some good news on the subject of that hideous problem of opening acts for this tour? Preston :  Wait, wait, wait, wait. Reg Whitehead's calling me. Let's patch him in. Reg :  Preston. Preston :  Yeah, what would it cost to put some strychnine  in Bryce Newman's pastrami f*cking sandwich? Reg :  I think I have a solution, Preston. Bill : Reg, Preston and I actually... I think we actually got a way to work this out so... Reg : Yeah, I've been here all morning thinking about it. You weren't here, Bill, okay? Thank you. So realistically, Christopher will read it. But more important than that, 330,000 Bryce Newman readers have already read it. So, Preston, great Preston, we neutralize Bryce Newman now. We lead with sugar. We invite Bryce Newman to the show. Disastrous. Preston :  Wait. This is a very sexy idea. The crew will kill him. Preston :  I'll call Irving Azoff. We'll get him to the show tonight. We'll fly him in. We'll kiss his ass. He'll reverse himself. Done. Reg : Done. Hey, fellas, this is not the way things work. Preston : I want the best pastrami sandwich in Atlanta waiting for him when he gets there. Got it. f*ck. [upbeat guitar music] Hot 'Lanta. Did you know that if you're... did you know that... Atlanta is... All right, I'm just gonna go ahead and say the name, all right? Phil. Phil spent a lot of time in this city. Phil stood on the side of the stage at the Fox Theatre when Ronnie Van Zant said, "What song is it you want to hear?" And Lynyrd Skynyrd played. Boy, did they play. It's a burning, churning city of soul and desire. OutKast was born here, right? Yeah, yeah. Julia Roberts, though not a musician, was... she likes music. Donald Glover put his name into a Wu-Tang Clan name generator and became Childish Gambino. And believe it or not, Spike Lee. Are you kidding? Not Brooklyn? No, Atlanta. I'ma say the name. Kanye West. You put all those people in a room together, and you've got a room full of people from Atlanta. Now, for the next three days, the next three shows, our very special guest that's gonna be opening is... Lindsey Buckingham. Wow. Reg : Oh, yeah, really? Bill : Right? Huh? How about... Reg : Fantastic. I'm a really huge fan of his. Bill : Yeah. Reg Whitehead. Thank you. Thanks. Reg : Um, okay, so just before you all... you don't have to... you can stop holding. Thanks very much. Okay, so I'm sure that most of you read "The Bryce Newman Letter." As part of our intention to win this man around and show him what we are all about, I have invited him to the next show. What? Reg : Yeah, I know. And guess what? He has accepted, which is great. Bryce is gonna drop by here on his way to Los Angeles. So I want you to treat him like a king. I want you to kiss his ass and reap the benefits as he retracts what he wrote. And, people... [clears throat] let us lead with sugar. [bright pop music] [indistinct radio chatter] ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] What does a stagehand smell like after s*x? Mace. Okay, so you know this joke. Shelli : You're not funny, but not everybody is. If you'll excuse me, I need to yellow jacket the best pastrami sandwich in Atlanta, and let's just say, Atlanta, Georgia, not the f*cking pastrami capital of the world. Kelly Ann : Good luck. Oh, and if you hear about the crew pulling any sh1t on Bryce Newman, you let me know. Well, all I know is that you've got to be nice to Donna today, because she broke up with Laurie. And in further news, the sky is blue. They break up constantly. No, this is serious. ♪ ♪ 
♪ And she says ♪ 
♪ "I wish that I could be like the cool kids ♪ Nobody likes my jokes. You know, I've been thinking of all the possible ways we have to f*ck with Bryce Newman. Whether it's one insane, wild takedown, or 100 little stabs of fuck-with-him, I'm gonna bring this guy a kaleidoscope of pain. We must. No, Wes, you just got here, and you're gonna get everybody... mainly me... in a lot of sh1t. You don't understand. Reg said it was okay to f*ck with him. What? You don't get it. He can't say "f*ck with him." He's English. He weasel-speaks between the lines. Look, he says "Oh, show him a great time," but that's not what he really means. I'm pretty sure he just means show him a good time. Reg : Wes. Hi. I hope you're going to make Bryce Newman a... memorable espresso. You want it memorable? Reg : Memorably memorable. I'm your guy. Terrific. [funky pop] ♪ ♪ See? No, I really don't. And I don't think you should take it upon yourself to wreak havoc with a crew that you have just joined. Why can't you just support my goals? ♪ ♪ 
♪ Friends in my way ♪ 
♪ You never could have been a good lover ♪ Hey, I heard you had a rough night. Yep, I broke up with dum-dum. I hate it when you call Laurie "dum-dum." Shelli, I must be desperate, 'cause I'm gonna ask you for advice. How do you keep your marriage together? Two tours, two different time zones... You see, uh, Sean and I have dates. When? Three times a week. On the phone, for at least ten minutes. And let me tell you, we go there. It solves problems. I'll be honest, I've missed the last three dates, and it's not been good. That's how we stay connected. We have f*cking amazing phone s*x. We plan on what we're gonna do when we're together. And then we do it. And you don't hold back? Ha, no. What do you do, just turn to Bill and say, "Hey, excuse me, time for me to go have wild f*cking orangutan phone s*x"? Are you nuts? Bill doesn't know. He'd feel compelled to act jealous. No, you slip away. Say you have a problem with your mother-in-law, which I, in fact, do, but, no, you just disappear. And trust me, there is no crisis so relevant it can't wait ten minutes. Always be punctual, and remember, it's not duty; it's dessert. Wow. Did we just have, like, a personal conversation? [laughs] Sean and I are gonna go, uh, build some bridges this afternoon, if you know what I mean. [laughter] [light funky music] Whoa. ♪ ♪ Hey, whatcha got for dessert? I'm friends with Mr. Stanley "Stan" Sativa. Whatcha looking for? The case. [silently] Ohh, okay, I'm looking for something savagely and ruthlessly hallucinogenic. I am out of ayahuasca, but I do have PurpleVagina. Wes : Mm, I don't know that one. PurpleVagina? Oh, it pretty much takes you back to your childhood and leaves you there. Anything stronger? I have Joshua Tree 37. This is new. It comes from the fresh-ground, first-stage flower buds of the Colombian cacti. You just need to be in the country when you ingest it where there's trees, water, a field. Your reality becomes whatever you see. Whatever you see, you want to become. I'm f*cking warming up to Joshua Tree 37. Some people can appear in the form of satyr-like demons or rodent-like creatures. And stay away from mirrors. Yeah, dude. Give me all of that. ♪ I was walking down the street ♪ 
♪ Concentrating on trucking right ♪ 
♪ I heard a dark voice beside of me ♪ Harvey. Yeah. Do you look at me and think, "She's as serious as a glacier"? Uh, I don't know. A glacier? Okay, how do you know when a drummer is at your door? Tell me. "Domino's." Hmm. So that means that my joke, it wasn't funny. No, uh, but I'll help you. I'll help you. 'Cause funny is not what you say but how you say it. We'll keep at it. You'll be funny by Baltimore. [guitar chords strumming] ♪ ♪ ♪ 'Cause I am so into you ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I can't think of nothing else ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ I can't think of nothing else ♪ ♪ ♪ Bill : Okay, okay, my friends, excuse me. Lindsey Buckingham's gonna show up in about five minutes, so anything other than "Hail to the Chief," I don't want to hear it. Thank you. Just need a little professionalism and some focus that sometimes can be a little lacking around these parts, so thanks, gang, but just... Oh, come on, Bill. Let the kids play. You look good. Hey, don't tell me about looking good. You look good. Oh, man. Hey, let me get you a bullet coffee. It's so good to see you. Thanks for helping out. Oh, only for you. Lindsey, I owe you big time for this, thanks. We've been through too much for me to say no. Yeah, yeah. Hey, Stan. How you doing? We got a great dressing room set up for you guys. This is gonna be good. This is gonna be great. Oh, yeah. Hey. Yeah. You, uh, still doing the program? Oh, yeah. No, everything's good. Got two years in July. I'm clean and sober. Everything's been going good, yeah. Uh-huh, because, you know, I do worry about you sometimes. Yeah, I know. Remember that time at the tiki bar, where you took that torch... Yeah, no, I'm still not allowed in that hotel, and I'm... I'm... I'm not that guy anymore. Had to do 700 hours of community service. God, it's good to see you, man. Man, you feel like a damn linebacker. [classic rock music] ♪ The kids would all sing, he would take the wrong key ♪ 
♪ So they rode on his head in their furry donkey ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ The kids couldn't hurt Jack ♪ 
♪ They tried, tried, tried ♪ 
♪ They dropped things on his back ♪ 
♪ They lied, lied, lied, lied, lied ♪ Bryce :  Check it again, please. No Bruce Newman on the list. Bryce : Don't make me make phone calls. I'm on the list, all-access. And the name is Bryce Newman. Let's see some ID. Very well, young lady. Enjoy that on your path to total mediocrity. This says "Newbert Billingsley." Bryce : That's my birth name. Bryce Newman is my professional name. Jesus, you unhelpful Millennial. Would you like to see my income tax returns as well? Call Reg Whitehead. If I leave, it is going to be your fault, and you will join the great unemployed wasteland that is your generation. I've never heard of anybody named Newbert before. Natalie : Oh, my God. I know who you are. You're, like, so famous. You're, like, the actual molecules that make up the actual Bryce Newman. He's the most-read music blogger in the entire social universe. Bryce : Actually, I'm the number one industry analyst and critic. I am the author of "The Bryce Newman Letter." Blogging is what amateurs do when they type. Katy Perry wrote a song about him. Really? Which one? "Negative Jerk." Look it up. You'll see. Somehow I don't need to look it up. Oh, here it is, Bryce Newman. You I like. Here are two passes. Take him if you want to. I don't want to look at his face anymore. Congratulations. You're my date. [whispers] sh1t. Well, well, well, Natalie Shayne. What are you doing here? Milo to Puna. Shh, shh, Bryce Newman is in the bathroom. I snuck in with him. You see what he wrote in the letter? He... will... pay. Yes... he... will. Hey, you work with us, I won't throw you out. So down with that. Yeah, good stuff. Okay, go, go. Oh, my God. [squeals] Excuse me. I'm looking for Reg Whitehead. Oh, my God, Mr. Newman. It's Milo. I'm Milo; I'm the... the bass guitar tech for the band. Look, it is just such an honor to have you here with us. Just... gah. Are you the one I tore apart in my little piece? To be trashed by Bryce Newman is like being painted by Pablo Picasso. Good point. Please, Mr. Newman, have a seat. We have this lovely, lovely throne. I will get you Mr. Reg Whitehead. Did you know that my name was not on the f*cking list? Now, that hasn't happened to me since 2008 at a Tom Waits show, which coincidentally, I couldn't "wait" to miss. He's Billy Joel with bronchitis. I'll leave it at that. Your most eviscerating sentences just make me shiver with delight, even when they're about me. It's just... Well, I went to Harvard. Good point. I mean, smart people are just smarter than the rest of us. Bryce : That is very true, Milo. My 15 year-old niece could run Apple Computer better than Tim Cook. [laughs] I'm gonna get you Reg Whitehead, okay? Okay, if you need something, just... I'll be back. Thank you. Where's the girl? Where'd the girl go? [funky music] ♪ But I can't ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ I met this girl at a party, 'cause she said she was down ♪ 
♪ I really didn't know her, but I'd seen her around ♪ Mmm, oh, your tongue feels amazing there. Oh! Oh, I love our dates, honey. What? Oh, yeah, yeah, my mouth too. Yeah, no, both places at the same time. ♪ How was I supposed to know that I was part of a plan? ♪ Milo :  Shelli to 5. It's a Code 34. One minute. Just give me a minute. Milo :  This is an emergency. I need you, like, now. What do you want? Milo :  I need you now, Shelli. f*ck. 
 
 ♪ I know it ain't right, I gotta leave you alone ♪ 
♪ But I can't, whoa no ♪ 
♪ But I can't, whoa no ♪ [laughs] No. ♪ Now you're the reason ♪ Shelli :  f*ck, I-I got to go. I-I am gonna so make this up to you. I'll call you tonight. [phone beeps] I... f*ck. What? Milo :  Bryce Newman is here, and nobody is taking care of him. I had to leave him alone, and Reg is nowhere to be found. You called me for that? Milo :  Well, I just thought it was important. That f*cking blogger might have just ended my marriage. Bryce Newman... Reg Whitehead. Thank you so much for gracing us with your time and presence. I have a 9:50 flight to LA. Mm, that may be a little tight, Bryce, because the show starts at 9:00, so... Wh-wh-where do you like to watch the show from generally? Where's the girl? Where is the... where's the... where's the... well, I don't know. We're 19 minutes from the airport. I already have my ticket, so I can endure three songs. Oh, that's fantastic. That's such great news. Bryce, I can promise you a grand adventure. Now, can I offer you the best pastrami sandwich in Atlanta from the New Yorker Deli? [chuckles] Listen, Reg. Whatever you do or say or present to me on this visit shall not alter my critical analysis of this band, you understand, so I will eat this sandwich if we have an agreement that there's no implicit quid pro quo. Absolutely, yeah, understood. There's also the French sauce dip on the side. Not a fan of the band. Sandwich isn't gonna change that. Reg : So bon appétit. Not changing my review. You enjoy it. Not changing one word. Okay. Okay. It's just a sandwich. Just a sandwich. ♪ They got a place down Kentucky ♪ 
♪ Right down near Ohio ♪ 
♪ Where you can watch the planes at night ♪ 
♪ People line up to watch each flight ♪ Bryce, this is the greatest coffee. You will want to write about it. I don't drink street coffee. I only drink it from a machine given to me by Howard Shultz. I trust you will love this. [clears throat] Very well. This is amazing. Mmm, mmm. [mouthing] I told you. Bryce, what's... what's the state of the music business? What... what are you feeling? What are you picking up? Are you serious? Very, yes. I don't discuss the business without it being a speech for which I am paid an honorarium. But because of this f*cking coffee... in short, we are living in an age of spectacle, not music, and everything you're looking at is dead or dying, because, baby, if you even have to ask me that question, "What's the state of the music business?" Then you're an oldster, and you're dead. Hey. [phone chiming] Hmm, check it out, prototype 7. Jony Ive gave it to me. I lose this thing, I'm a dead man. Another shot, Bryce? f*ck yeah. Bryce : Go for Bryce. [light guitar music] ♪ ♪ [hushed] Here... here's your coffee. Thank you. ♪ ♪ Thank you. Hey, I love the poster. You know me, Bill. Bill : I-I do my best. And we've got a great crew, you know. We've got Wes, Kelly Ann, my friend Milo here. Kelly Ann : This is for the setlist when you're ready. Thank you, pleasure. Hey, by the way, where's Phil? Wh... uh... Phil got let go. Yeah... Yeah, it... Fired. Nobody fires Phil. Bro, it keeps me up at night. Please don't call him bro. You knew him a day, Wes. Lindsey : I can't wrap my head around firing Phil. The Staton-House Band fired Phil? Yeah. You see, there was an incident with Hurricane Katrina. Bill, who made that mistake? Hi, guys. Hi. Hi. So sorry I'm late. Lindsey Buckingham, how are you? Such a huge fan. Oh, excuse me. Sorry, I know you're only here for, uh, three shows, uh, as our special guest, but we are enormously appreciative. I'm here helping the band out with some of their affairs. And I have been a loyal fan of yours ever since I saw you play at... or should I say "shred"... at the Olympics. It was unbelievable. No, never played the Olympics. Well, I find that a crime. Can... may I also add that aside from all the music, you've... monetized your brand brilliantly. Bill : Reg, my man... Yes. Your guest is here. Good. Thank you. Okay, pleasure upon pleasure. Let me know if there's anything that I can do for you. All right, then. Okay, he sat on this. Will you grab another... uh, he's new. Sorry. [light guitar music] ♪ ♪ I'm, uh... I'm Milo. I'm gonna be helping you out on the stage. "Bleed To Love Her," right? Yeah, still doing it. We're doing it tonight. ♪ ♪ ♪ Once again she steals away ♪ 
♪ Then she reaches out to kiss me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ And how she takes my breath away ♪ 
♪ Pretending that she don't miss me ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, I would bleed to love her ♪ 
♪ Oh, oh, ohh, bleed to love her ♪ 
♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ 
♪ I would bleed to love her ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Bleed to love her ♪ 
♪ Bleed to love her ♪ 
♪ Bleed to love her ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Bleed to love her ♪ 
♪ Bleed to love her ♪ Saw you with your camera in there. When sometimes memory isn't enough, you need a souvenir. Bill :  "Cassie, thank you for what you said today. I'm really looking forward to seeing you tonight." [light guitar music] Bryce : Dictation, note to self, for next "Bryce Newman Letter." It's over. They're destroyed. They don't even get that they've vaporized. Nicki Minaj is picking her teeth with the bones of Bono and the other skeletons of post-Gen Y culture. Jimmy lovine and Apple Music and Tim Cook are on a canoe ride to mediocrity, and everyone under 50 knows it. And here I am with the Staton-House Band. Take me home, Mr. Wizard. I am trapped in the land of mediocrity. The amber is starting to harden, and I need to get the f*ck out. Oh, wow. Oh, that's good. I don't know if it's the coffee or just me, but I ♪ am on f*cking fire ♪ There is no "hot" left in Hot 'Lanta. It should be referred to as "Cold" Lanta. Is it happening yet? I'm not sure. [upbeat funky guitar music] ♪ ♪ [guitar chords strumming] Lindsey. Lindsey. Bryce Newman. Hi. I met you backstage at the Hollywood Bowl after the last Mac tour with Irving. I did a "Bryce Newman Letter" on "Seeds We Sow." You are a genius and make me weep. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Why are you playing this show? You can write a better song on the back of a napkin than Christopher House has in the last ten years. Ooh, heh, they must have something on you. No, I'm... I'm friends with Bill Hanson, and I love the band. Lindsey, the truth is, I just want the best. I don't want to waste my time with the mediocre or even the very good. [voice distorting] I am searching for... [gulps, voice returns to normal] long little rodents. Ooh, they're everywhere. [giggling] Here we go. 'Bout time. [chittering] Everywhere. Pardon me? Greatness. Are you okay? [psychedelic music] ♪ ♪ [exhales] You're on fire. [distorted voice] Thank you. ♪ ♪ [exhales heavily] Well... Bend me over and mount me like a medieval alpaca, Lindsey Buckingham. male announcer : Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Lindsey Buckingham. [upbeat guitar music] ♪ ♪ ♪ Looking out for love ♪ 
♪ In the night so still ♪ 
♪ Oh, I'll build you a kingdom ♪ 
♪ In that house on the hill ♪ 
♪ Looking out for love ♪ ♪ ♪ I smell something glorious. You've... lit a fire in my loins. So soft. [groaning] I'm doing the best I can with what I've got to work with. Believe me, what I lack in length, I more than make up for in girth. Well, that is good to know. [moaning] Oh, yes. I like that. Oh, my dark elf. Ohh. The Staton-House Band "relentlessly irrelevant"? Your journey has just begun, Newbert. ♪ ♪ 
♪ You said that you love me ♪ [alarm blaring] Oh, dark angel. Dark angel? ♪ Oh, you begged me to keep you ♪ 
♪ In that house on the hill ♪ 
♪ Looking out for love ♪ I know what your people have done to him. I have no idea what you're talking about, Reg. He's f*cking lost, and I hear he's been given heavy drugs. You need to get a handle on your crew now. Reg, raise your voice to me again, you won't be speaking for a while. You're making it real hard for me to not fight. To be continued, Bill. [laughs] [clears throat] Puna, go to five. Puna :  Yes, Bill. Find Bryce. ♪ ♪ In you I see stars. We must never be apart. Come back, dark angel. Come back, dark angel! Oh, yes. [speaking Spanish] I speak English. Oh. ♪ ♪ I have journeyed a long way to stand before your honorable presence. With your permission, Tasty Jose, may I become you? Señor Bryce, before I grant you this wish, you must repent and beg for the mercy of Apple Music and Apple CEO Tim Cook, who you have criticized so. Very well. Your wish shall be granted. ♪ ♪ Forgive me, Tim Cook. [groans] May I become you? No, Bryce. How easily you betray me. I cast you to the wilderness of eternal doubt and darkness. I'm lost, Tim Cook. I understand, but if you were wearing your Apple Watch, you wouldn't be. Ahh, yes. Thank you, great innovator. Enjoy your journey. ♪ Looking out for love ♪ 
♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Big big love ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ 
♪ Ooh, ahh ♪ [cheers and applause] Thank you, Atlanta. Enjoy my friends, the Staton-House Band. [cheers and applause] Bryce :  ♪ Here in the dark ♪ ♪ In these final hours ♪ ♪ I will lay down my heart ♪ ♪ I will lay my heart ♪ ♪ And I'll feel the power ♪ ♪ And I'll feel the power ♪ ♪ But you won't ♪ ♪ But you won't ♪ ♪ No, you won't ♪ ♪ No, you won't ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't make you love me ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't make you love me ♪ ♪ ♪ 
♪ If you don't ♪ ♪ If you really don't ♪ Eureka. I'm bringing him in. ♪ Here in the dark ♪ ♪ ♪ We should go. ♪ I can't make you love me ♪ Is it time? Oh, yeah. ♪ If you don't ♪ 
♪ You can't make your heart feel ♪ Reg :  Who did this to him? All I know is, Tom and Christopher are here, and they are not happy Bryce Newman is in the building. I am the Staton-House Band. Reg : Oh, f*cking hell. Bill : You know, Reg, I can't help it if someone on the crew or the whole crew did this to him. Okay, this was your idea, remember? [English accent] "Lead with sugar. Make him feel like a king." Remember, that was your rap. I didn't say rearrange his f*cking chromosomes. Okay, at a certain point, buddy... yeah, yeah, you ready? Shelli : All right, all right, hey, Bill, Bill, Bill... Bill : No, this is it, Reg. Kelly Ann : This is not Bill's fault, okay? Reg : It was your brother who did this, and I want him fired, okay? No, 'cause you're just trying to get me back for what you still think I did to get you fired. Please... please, I didn't take that seriously. Shelli : Jesus, get a room, you two. And you can't fire Wes, 'cause he just got fired by Pearl Jam. Shelli : Plus, we can't fire him, because he's the best nanny we've ever had. Winston f*cking loves him. Wes :  Whoo! Lindsey f*cking Buckingham was f*cking amazing. Wow. What did I do? Reg thinks there's a conspiracy against Bryce spearheaded by you. That's what's going on, Wes. I thought that's what you wanted, Reg. Sexual assault, exotic hallucinogens, shame, and humiliation? No, Wes! It's not what I f*cking wanted! He'll be writing about this for a year. Bryce :  Okay, wait. People. Shelli : What the f*ck is that? Bryce :  Check one two, check one two. Shelli : Who's out there? Bryce :  Hello. together : Hello. My name is Bryce Newman. [cheers and applause] I write "The Bryce Newman Letter." [cheers and applause] I'm 52 years old, and I wear the clothes of a teenager. [cheers and applause] all : Ohh! M-maybe you should get... Hey, Puna, where the f*ck are you? Bryce : I hardly even went to college. [cheers and applause] And my real name isn't Bryce Newman. man :  What's your name? Hey, Bryce. Newbert Billingsley. Tell Milo to hold off. Ju... hold off for a second. Bryce : Newbert Alfred Billingsley. [laughter and cheers] Why can't I suck my own dick? [laughter and cheers] I mean, monkeys do. What did you give that guy? I don't even listen to the music I review. I listen to dad rock in the car and switch over to hip-hop if someone cool pulls up next to me. I am a fraud! [cheers and applause] The hammer of the gods will drive us to new lands! This is who I am. [groans and cheers] Okay, get 'im. Excuse me, Puna's two minutes away. Okay. [cheers and applause] [laughs] He's got kind of a James Brown type quality. [cheers and applause] I love you, Chicago! [audience jeering] Atlanta. [cheers and applause] Bryce, I think you made your point. I have become the Staton-House Band. Welcome me to your stage. [cheers, applause, and stomping] all : [gasp] He's off the stage. [triumphant music] [cheers and applause] ♪ ♪ Hello, Atlanta. The f*ck was that? Bryce :  Where's the girl? Mutt Lange, meet Tim Cook. Tasty Jose. Def Leppard. Excuse me, folks. I've got him here with me. Where are you? There go your tour proceeds. He can claim physical abuse now too. Bill, Wes is a liability, and so is his sister. As far as I'm concerned, they should both go home. Hey, why don't you go ahead and fire me while you're at it, Reg? Okay, look, I run the crew, all right? Try it. See how that works out. Go ahead. Give it a try. Bill, Bill, Bill... it's you or me, but he's got to go. [strained breathing] Hey, hey, Hot 'Lanta, huh? - Hey-hey. How 'bout it? [laughs] Hi, Stan. Hi. [radio chatter] Quite a town. Bill... Yeah. I have to leave. No. I have a family. This is my time off. It's been fun. What was it? Is it 'cause the guy got dosed? 'Cause we're not so sure that was one of our crew guys that did that. I'm all for having a good time, but this tour is like a Fellini film  crossed with an episode of The Monkees. And I mean that in the best way, but I-I can't stay. It's not always like this, Lindsey. This was just a bad night. I love you. I love you too. As time goes by, I may say it less and less, but I mean it more. Me too. So you take care of yourself. Okay. All right. Thanks. The "can't say no" favor now officially belongs to you, man. You look good. No, you actually do look good. You look great. Thank you so much. All right, all right. I do owe you. Thanks, Lindsey. I'll be in touch. Okay. But you never should have fired Phil. Yeah, yeah. Night, Stan. Thank you. [phone dings and buzzes] [sighs] Cassie. Cassie :  "Hi, Bill. I didn't come tonight, because I thought you were gonna pick me up or send a car or something." Come on, Bill. Cassie :  "But truthfully, I was kind of glad you forgot. As you might have guessed, Dionne and I are starting to get together, and..." Dionne with the man bun? Cassie :  "I don't know if I'm a once-a-year girl anymore. "Good night, my once-a-year love. I hope you had a good show." f*ck. [gentle folk music] ♪ ♪ Bill :  Just off Peachtree Road. ♪ Farewell Angelina, the bells of the crown ♪ Jeff Buckley :  ♪ This is really folk-y, man. ♪ 
♪ Are being stolen by bandits, I must follow the sound ♪ 
♪ The triangles tingle, the music plays slow ♪ Bill :  "Sorry about tonight, Cassie. Look out your window, darlin'. Last chance. You can grab a suitcase and come with me." ♪ And I must go ♪ 
♪ There is no use in talking ♪ 
♪ There's no need for blame ♪ 
♪ There is nothing to prove ♪ 
♪ Everything still is the same ♪ 
♪ A table stands empty by the edge of the stream ♪ "Love you, Cassie. I don't do emojis." [phone chirps] ♪ But farewell Angelina ♪ 
♪ The sky is changing colors, and I must leave ♪ [phone dings and buzzes] Cassie :  "Eat healthy, Bill. Don't do so much dairy." ♪ ♪ 
♪ The jacks and the queens, they forsake the courtyard ♪ 
♪ 52 gypsies now file past the guard ♪ 
♪ ♪ Kelly Ann : Wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't go. Leave her with something. Just text her and tell her, "I'll remember you like this, the most beautiful painting in Atlanta, maybe the world." Yeah? [phone keyboard clicking] "In the..." "In Atlanta, maybe the world." ♪ Farewell Angelina ♪ 
♪ The sky is flooding over ♪ 
♪ And I must be gone ♪ 
♪ Okay ♪ 
♪ ♪ There's your souvenir. Yep. ♪ Gonna take me back home ♪ 
♪ Yes, you will ♪ 
♪ ♪ Nice work, Cyrano. That's not bad. I might like that nickname. ♪ Okay, Gooch, let's head to Nashville. [engine turning over] So pretty. Each one kills you in a different way. ♪ Call me any name you like ♪ 
♪ I'll never deny it ♪ 
♪ ♪ 
♪ But farewell Angelina ♪ 
♪ The sky is erupting ♪ 
♪ And I must go ♪ 
♪ Where it is quiet ♪ [electronic chime] Donna :  Uh-oh, it's a new "Bryce Newman Letter." "I am writing from a hospital in Atlanta. It has incredible Wi-Fi, which you never seem to be able to find due to the sad state of post-Steve Jobs infrastructure in this country. If you go to other countries..." Bryce :  "As I have on conferences to places like Buenos Aires, you would be amazed at the level of service. I'll get to the point. Though my sciatica acted up, as it does in semi-cold weather, it has been a long time since I've been to a show as kinetically authentic as the Staton-House Band's current Capture the Flag tour. Their crew treated me like a despotic king. I felt connected with them on a timeless, molecular level. It felt good, good, good within my chromosomes. And on a personal note, I'll never be the same. The sheer sonic attack and the great work of sound ace Donna Mancini lingers with me like the pasta I had at Dan Tana's last Thursday night with Peter Paterno..." I'm on my knees unzipping your pants with my teeth. Bryce :  "...And so I hail the incredible organization and the crew and the deep-tissue community I felt in my time with the great Staton-House Band, something the oldsters could learn from. This can be the future, a glimpse of what rock looked like in America back when true feeling was worth a damn. Thank you, Reg Whitehead, a cool customer and a great cat from the U.K. Thanks to Wes for the "Wespresso" of my life. Thanks to Natalie for the great massage, to the Atlanta paramedics, who do such a great job, and, of course, to Lindsey Buckingham, who performed an otherworldly acoustic opening set. It's winter in my heart without you guys. I miss you. I'll keep this memory close." He never even saw the show. But the important thing is, he thinks he did. [light dream pop playing] Bryce :  "I guess I forgot the key to this whole f*cking thing is family." I knew my idea would work. I'm gonna re-hire and bring back Wes. He never left, Reg. Everybody loves Wes. What can you do? Mm-hmm. Yep. Hey, I got 2,000 new followers on my coffee site. Dude, Bryce Newman's like a psychedelic f*cking angel, man. Jesus. I can't believe he always ends up winning big. Shelli : You... tonight... funny. Bryce :  "Community. The feeling you get from the perfect song when you realize you're not alone." ♪ ♪ Well done, everybody. See you in Nashville. Bryce :  "And that's my report from the front row. Love, Bryce Newman.  AKA Newbert... Billingsley." [upbeat rock] 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 