Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - The Signals - Sensitive Skin 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - The Signals https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=640&t=28552 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 06/12/16 14:43 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - The Signals 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Some wives stick by their husbands no matter what so if anybody should be feeling guilty around here, it's not me or Roger. 
 You were married to him for 30 years, you can't figure out the password? 
 I want you to know I have S02E03 - The Signals "You figured out my password, clever girl. Of course it is your name, because you're constantly on my mind. I can't imagine existing in any form without you... spirit, one of the heavenly host... I hope there's nothing, as opposed to clouds and harps with no Davina to complain about all the harp music and the dampness of the clouds. But you, my dear, must soldier on. Just take a few months to cry, and start afresh. Find some new, funky place to live somewhere suitably bright and hip, and if the couch doesn't fit, donate it to the zoo.  I think it will make a fine jungle gym for otters. "The point of this exercise, my dearest, is to make memory your friend and not your enemy. And so, it's important that you get rid of all my stuff, all those wine field impulse purchases, those books and those trendy clothes... get rid of it all.  Oh, actually, not that Guillaume Val jacket.  I know you never liked it, but you should keep it. It is a classic. Which brings me to my final point, my dearest.  Find someone new.  Some nice guy, good-looking, not as funny as me, but... find someone.  I don't want you to be alone.  I say this because I love you with all my heart, and I always have. I... always... have." ♪♪ Ooh, spell ♪ 
♪ Ooh, spell ♪ 
♪ I put a spell on you ♪ 
♪ Ooh, spell ♪ 
♪ Ooh, spell ♪ 
♪ Because ♪ 
♪ You're mine - Ooh, spell ♪♪ Oh, no. Excuse me? Oh my God, that sounded awful. I'm so sorry, I sounded like a... An asshole? I did, I sounded like a total asshole. Well, have a nice day. Is that Guillaume Val? I'm right, aren't I? Am I right? Because that is wonderful. You know this designer? I've only ever seen his stuff on auction sites, but there's no mistaking a Val. Please forgive me, I understand why you'd wanna wear such a great piece, but even with that belt, the men's tailoring, it's just... it's wrong for you. Would you ever consider selling it? To you? What? No, no, I'm sorry, just to one of the... more upscale menswear dealers. I just know a few... I'm a style consultant, I should probably explain. I'm not just some... obsessive jacket weirdo. (polite laugh) Anyway, I can help you get a good price. They'll assume you don't know its value. Well, I... I don't, really. Why don't you call me if you're... interested? I can help you, not just with the jacket, but with the... the whole picture. It's Italian! Davina, my eyes! 100% raw silk. Feel that texture. Wait, OK, stop. Cast your mind back into the past. Have you ever seen me wear a scarf? Are you telling me that your neck has never gotten cold? My neck has never been cold once. Well, you're very fortunate. I'm sorry, but I just don't like to be dressed by women. My ex was always trying to make me over. She wanted to give me the, uh, Danish architect look. What's that? Oh, something about lines, clean lines and structure and statement glasses. She basically wanted me to look like a building. Oh! Ankle weights. Lightly used. Al thought that he could lose weight if he wore them around the house. That is an entirely reasonable theory to me. Do you mind? Oh, please. But seriously, none of the scarves? No, I'm sorry, you're gonna have to pawn those off on somebody else. Hey... This is gonna work! It just requires commitment. Huh? I've got some scarves. It's not like it's not quality merchandise, it's just not my thing, is all. What you doing, a purge? Yeah. That's good. Own your past. Don't let that sh1t own you. Memory should be a comfort. Well, that's the theory. Is that a sweater vest? Yeah, it is. Orlando hasn't been responding to my emails. Give him time. And my sister hates me. Now, that sh1t you gotta heal. I do. I gotta heal that sh1t. I'll take it. Really? Black men make argyle look good. Take your sister to dinner. Roger, too. Show 'em you can take care of yourself. Can I? You're doing it. Well, I'm trying. I'm really trying. I'm really trying to reengage with reality. Oh, that reminds me. Quarter? Please. So, we have all these scarves that could possibly work. Is this a Guillaume Val? Yes. Oh wow, yes! Oh my goodness, we'll definitely take this one... I don't think I'm really ready. Are you sure? Oh, 'cause we're so interested. It's fine, it's fine. Thanks a lot, really. Appreciate it. Of course. No problem. I'm... Yeah, no, if you change your mind, we'd be interested in that. (laughing): Oh no, it's terrible! I know. You wanna know why I got into fashion? Why? It's joyful. Oh, I used to work as a model. Don't talk to me about joy when you've spent five hours getting sequins glued to your ass. Yeah. You're talking work, job; I'm talking about fun. It's the difference between planning a party and having a party. Yeah, but fashion's your job. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I get to do what I love. My point is, Davina, that it's just clothing. It's not meant to cause so much anxiety. You haven't spent time with very many women, have you? Well, the women that I know, they get the most out of fashion, and the men too, for that matter. They refuse to see it as a set of rules that need to be ticked off. It's play for them, it's, you know, self-expression... Self-expression, yeah. That's why it's so hard to get rid of these clothes. I mean, this is Al. This is Al in scarves and, uh, floral ties. Well, what do you say we give Al the afternoon off? Oh, um... well, I... I have to get back to the island. I have a dog. I have to feed him. OK. I could come with you, we could go for a walk, you, me and the dog. One afternoon, come on. OK. So, what do you suppose is next? Oh, uh, well, we drank wine, had a coffee, walked... are walking on the beach... I guess the petting zoo? No, no, I mean for you, for your life, now that you're free, you're unhindered. Well, I don't feel particularly free. I know you don't, but you are. You know, you can put down that burden you've been carrying any time you want. Oh God, really? The bag of clothes as a metaphor? A musty bundle of Irish tweed and Italian merino? I see that you're not answering the question, so I'll go first. What I want out of life? Now, you may not believe this, but the fashion industry can feel a little, you know, shallow sometimes. Yes, yes. No! But what is it about fashion, at the end of the day, that is genuinely helpful to people? Oh well, I guess if you dress well, you feel good about yourself. Precisely. Dressing well can give you confidence. I will cut to the chase: I'm partnering with the store where I work to start a kind of fashion makeover salon for low-income women. I'm gonna help them get dressed for jobs and interviews. We're calling it Best Foot Forward. Wow, that actually sounds like a wonderful idea. Right? Yeah, and the store's all over it, they're gonna donate clothing. The women behind the cosmetics counter, they wanna host Makeover Mondays. If only you were doing one for men, I'd give you all of Al's clothes and be done with it. Well, maybe one day I can expand it. I'm still trying to put together financing right now. I think it sounds great. Really? Ugh, you're making me feel terrible. Why? That's not the point of this exercise, you know. You're thinking about someone other than yourself. I... I've been in my head for so long, it's been all about me and my welfare and my sanity and... Hey, hey, that's understandable given recent events, right? Yeah, but it's not healthy. It's time for me to open my eyes and really look at the world around me, really... What was... that? Uh... Try not to make eye contact. We've wandered a bit too far, we're on the nude beach, that's what's happening. Don't worry, I'm not a prude, it's just skin. Oh, excuse me. Thank you. [Welcome to the annual fair of Hoedown.] [Let's hear a big "hee-haw!"] Hello. Yes, thank you, just passing through. No judgment. Good that you're not a prude. Let's get out of here. (crowd whooping) You know what? Even as a man who works in fashion, I don't think I've ever appreciated the sheer functionality of clothing as much as I do right now. It must be nice, though, to reach that age and feel so uninhibited, so at ease with yourself. OK. What? It's your turn. Oh, the unhindered thing, right. Uh... I got nothing. Come on. To be honest, I... I really, truly, don't know what I'm supposed to do. I'm... I'm still getting used to the idea that life isn't going to, you know, happen anymore. What? No, I don't mean "lock me in a tower, I'm done". It's just... It's just this realization that, for years, stuff just happened. Marriage, home, pregnancy, birth, child-rearing, one thing after another, boom boom boom, and there's... there's no time to think, you just did, you just were, and that was your life, and then... One day it's gone. Husband, home, child, boom boom boom. And now, I am sitting in a borrowed houseboat with not a clue what to do with my newfound freedom that doesn't feel like freedom. Just sitting around like... I don't know. I need another metaphor, is what I need. (laughing) Was I babbling? No, I just couldn't think of a metaphor, so I panicked. 
 
 Do you know that thing in  Spinal Tap  where Christopher Guest had those amps that went up to 11? Well, these sheets are those amps in textile form. Well, crank those babies up. Egyptian cotton, thread count up the wazoo... Amazing Bed Bath and Beyond even had them in stock! I don't think you understand, my dearest wife. We're talking the Viagra of linens, right here, adorning our marital bed. (giggling) So nice being on the water. Haven't slept this well in ages. I feel like a baby being rocked by a crib or... the womb, even, with all that sloshing. It's like... those tranquillity things, remember those things? It shouldn't have happened. Well, no, I think there were several drowning deaths... No, I mean this. It shouldn't have happened. You feeling guilty? No, it's not that simple. I know that Al is dead and I'm not cheating on him, I'm not crazy... No, no, hey, hey, hey. In fact, he wanted me to do this. He told me to. I know, I know, and now he's dead and that's what's tough, because you're here with me and I'm... a strange new man. You're not strange. I am, I'm strange compared to the person you were with. I might as well be from another planet. I get that. No, no, you're fine. You're fine, it's... it's me, I'm... Hey, Davina, Davina. I can't even let go of his f*cking... whatever you call it. Hey, come on. Be kinder to yourself. Come on, it's fine. It's tough and that's OK. I'm the first man you've been with other than your husband for 30 years. Basically. And it's tough and that's OK and it's... it's healthy. It makes sense. I'm just not sure I can do this. You don't have to. You don't, you really don't. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna make us something to eat, and then I'm gonna go, OK? I'm gonna call you in a day or so, maybe we can go for a walk. On a nice beach, where everyone's fully dressed. Or maybe we'll get a coffee and... I'll kiss you, on the cheek, and maybe we don't do this bed thing for a while. Or maybe, when I call you, you'll say "No, thank you, David", and that'll be OK too. Or maybe I should just... just go right now. Would that be better? Really? Yeah, yeah, of course. No, I mean, you've been in my kitchen. Can you really make us breakfast with rice crackers and a can of black beans? I think I can. Are you... are you free on Thursday night? I am. Do you wanna... help me make a statement? Ha! Oh, hi! Oh, hi. You're really doing your bit for the planet. Ugh, I just... I let it accumulate, it's my own fault. Do you need any help? No, I don't deserve it. I just need to learn how to deal with my own stupid sh1t. You wanna come in and have a glass of wine, Lizzie? I'm sorry. Just ignore me. Maybe a cup of coffee at the end of the week? I'd love that. Bye, Davina. You're intrigued. Sure, OK. This guy's got layers, you're thinking. You can't pin this guy down. He's grounded, and yet adventurous; he is classy, and yet... And yet, this car. You may mock... I may. But wait until you experience the ride. Get past the appearance, because it's all about the ride. My sister's gonna love it. '69? '68. S-Type? Four barrel carbs. My roommate in law school had an S-Type '68 with a 390 big block. Nice. Roger, stop talking, you sound like you had a stroke. It's such a fun ride, Ron, I thought that David could drive us all to the restaurant. Will we all fit? Of course we'll fit, there's a backseat. I assumed it was for children. No, tons of legroom back there. I meant the car itself. (rock music) Purrs like a kitten, that engine. Right? Once we get out of this traffic, I'll open it up a little. Of course, we're in downtown Toronto, so we're never actually gonna be out of this traffic. I'll admit it's a bit of a macho indulgence. Oh, David, you're so... wonderfully self-aware. How about you, Davina? What? Are you willing to admit to your little macho indulgence behind the wheel? (laughing) Oh, for Christ's sake, Veron. Nothing stops you. It doesn't. Last year it was young Evel Knievel, and now it's an aging Knight Rider. Ron! I know you're going through a tough time right now, so... Don't patronize me. I'm not the one shacked up with Steve McQueen. "Ooh, I'm Davina, "I'm rebellious! Widowhood is great 'cause I look so good in black!" You have no idea what I'm going through. You just project all of your own bullshit onto me. Amazing. It's my fault. It's like I dropped a glass, OK, and it's in pieces and I'm trying to put the pieces back together piece by piece. Except you didn't exactly drop the glass, you hurled it against the wall. Ron! And with your husband barely in the ground. Stop the car. What? Stop the car, please, David, now. Pull over. Yes. Are we taking this outside? You're damn right we're taking this outside. Oh, for God's sake. It's worse getting out. Alright, what? Let's dig into the past, shall we? Have a little chat about "the thing"? Oh my God, no, you promised! When was it? It was Christmas 1984, a certain party at Hart House. I can't believe you're doing this. I was drunk when the thing happened and you know this. You only had two glasses of mulled wine. I've seen you put away a whole bottle of Glenlivet and then do your taxes. Did you ever tell Roger about it? Should I? No, you wouldn't! No! (singsong): Roger! Shut up! Hello? But you never shut up, do you? (bickering) So, um... what is it that you... do? At the moment, I'm awaiting trial. Shut up! You never shut up, do you? You keep going, keep going, keep going, all the time! (festive music)  Opa! Opa. Alright. This is from Davina, it's... it's a thank-you. I just helped her pick it out. I don't know if she told you, but I'm a personal shopper and a fashion consultant. Anyway, so I asked Davina to tell me a little bit about your tastes and your personality. Now, this is a bold colour, I know, but you shouldn't be afraid of colour. A piece like this, it can actually surprise you how it can affect your mood. You know, that sudden joy you experience when you catch it in a mirror? Anyway, from the way Davina described you, I thought it made sense. I thought that you should have something vibrant. I'm not sure I'm really a scarf person. I'm a scarf person. Please. How you doing? In the top five worst nights out with Veronica, it doesn't even rank. (chuckling) Things... got a bit heated about Al. Yeah. 30 years of marriage, she barely deigns to sneer at him, and now, in death, he's a patron saint. Are you OK? You mean... am I thinking about Al? Yeah. No. I haven't been, and... I'm not. I'm not thinking about Al. Thanks for tonight. Veronica will never admit it, but the scarf was perfect. Yeah, I've never really met a woman who could resist a finely spun piece of silk, so... You're pretty finely spun yourself. Good night. Good night. Good night. ♪♪ And when I'm returning ♪ 
♪ From so far away ♪ 
♪ She gives me some sweet lovin' ♪ 
♪ Brighten up my day ♪ 
♪ Yes it makes me righteous ♪ 
♪ It makes me whole ♪ Davina. ♪ She give me love, love, love, love, crazy love ♪ 
♪ She give me love, love, love ♪ 
♪ Love, crazy love ♪ 
♪ She give me love, love, love ♪ 
♪ Love, crazy love ♪ 
♪ She give me love, love, love ♪ 
♪ Love ♪ 
♪ Crazy love ♪♪ (boat horn) Has he asked you for money yet? What? Has he asked you for money? Who? That man who was just kissing you. Oh, that was... that was just my friend. Your friend. David. Oh, you know him? David is going to ask you for money, Davina, if he hasn't already. You know, Lizzie, I... That was private. I mean... it's sort of not really your business. Tell me one thing. Did you meet him on the island? Yes, it was... just last Tuesday. Late morning, just after he left me. Just after I told him no. Told him no about what? His little business venture, Best Foot Forward? Helping low-income women? Such a community-minded soul! The women at the cosmetics counter want Makeover Mondays! Yeah, well, I double-checked that. They didn't know anything about it. He is a piece of sh1t, Davina. (bell jingling) What happened? The boat sank? You're moving in? Can I just keep these here just until... Oh... (sobbing) I'm so stupid! Oh no, no, no, no... Shh... Oh God, I'm dripping all over your shirt. Oh, who cares? It's just clothes. You're right. f*ck clothes. Yeah. No, no. OK, well, yes, f*ck clothes, but not when there's a perfectly good gently used tissue at hand. Oh... Oh God, the ankle weights! Are they working? Yes, they're having an effect, they're making me feel 30 years older. Oh... OK. (cell phone ringing) Hello? (heavy breathing) Al? 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 