Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x03 - Hunting Season - Scandal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x03 - Hunting Season https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=12853 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 10/21/12 14:29 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x03 - Hunting Season 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 You lost a big trial. 
 This trial was lost, I didn't lose it. 
 The Department has decided you need to take a leave of absence. 
 Previously on Scandal I just wanna know how she did it, Olivia. 
 We won this case. 
 Quinn is going to live, and despite popular opinion around here that is a good thing. 
 Ready to work across the hall from the Molotov mistress? 
 How are you? 
 Fine Except my married ex-boyfriend keeps calling me. 
 I know you hate me, and I know you don't even wanna be in the same room with me, but you have to forgive me. 
 (Olivia) How's your pregnant wife? 
 Tell me what to do, and I'll do it. 
 Let me go. 
 Red button. 
 Oh, come on, Senator. 
 He was nowhere near to pushing that... 
 Our President was about to push that big, red, scary-as-hell button and take us to war in east Sudan on faulty, irresponsible intelligence. 
 Which he quickly realized... (Sighs heavily) 
 And took the appropriate steps... 
 By firing the C.I.A. director that he himself appointed five minutes ago. 
 What does it say for the people that he surrounds himself with? 
 This President's more in bed with special interests than the last three commanders in chief combined. 
 Here we go. Same old democrat partisan... 
 Just look at the white house logs, senator. 
 They read like a who's who of big pharma, N.R.A., insurance companies, oil tycoons like Hollis Doyle are running around like they own the place. 
 Now I think the American people deserve to know what is a man like that doing with nearly unlimited access to the West Wing? 
 And you'll get to respond to that in a moment, Senator Gilbert, after we take this short break. (Phone rings) Let me guess...some third cousin died, then you went out of the country. You're wearing pinstripes. Yeah, see, that doesn't explain the three years of not returning my calls. Pinstripes on prime time? Oh. You joined the fashion police. That's where you've been. I don't care what you wear. Just know that no one will hear a word you're saying when your suit is moving, vibrating across their screen. Also, you're sighing every time Senator Gilbert speaks. Don't. It makes you seem condescending and elitist, which frankly, doesn't exactly matter, because I'm way too distracted by the... Pinstripes. Yeah. So... am I in? Am I finally a client of Olivia Pope and Associates? (Chuckles) You agree I'm obviously in need of your expertise. Good luck, Senator. You take care, Liv. (Clatters) (Keys jangling) (Alarm chirps) (Sighs) (Keys jangle) (Rustle) (Exhales deeply) I don't have cash on me. I don't carry debit cards. If you're hoping for a ransom, I don't have many friends. And if you're planning on anything else, you should know that there are security cameras trained on every inch of this garage, and the police, who I am dialing right now, will identify you within minutes. There aren't any cameras, Ms. Pope. In fact, this is the only part of the building without cameras. That's why I'm here. That's why I had... I-I'm sorry, okay? I-I didn't mean to follow you or freak you out. It's just... They're following me, and they're freaking  me  out, and I-I didn't know where else to go, and I know that you fix things and you solve problems, and I got some problems, Ms. Pope... Some really, really big problems. You need to get out of my car  now! Okay. I'm sorry. My bad. (Engine starts) They'll... they'll... They'll kill me, Ms. Pope. You... you... let me explain. You have to. They're following you, too! The government... Th-they know everything. They know all about the late-night phone calls from the West Wing! 
(Brakes squeal) (projector and camera shutter click) (Footsteps approach) I forgot how tiny and cute they are... The baby clothes. Yeah. (Chuckles) Feeling okay? Fine. Great, actually. 'Cause if you're not sure... You can't cancel the hunt. I could, if you were ill. My pregnant wife not feeling well. Never felt better. The party loves when you hunt. Every year, I have to spend a day squatting in some weeds... A marsh. Shooting helpless chickens... Ducks. So the gun crazies can feel good... The good people of the N.R.A. about some nut job... Citizen. Carrying a Kalashnikov assault rifle in the back of his truck. Exercising the freedoms afforded to him by the United States constitution. You should go shoot the ducks. I should. I'm an excellent shot. We have an enormous staff. I'm sure if you ask, someone could fold those for you. It's a 32-piece antique hand-embroidered layette with a personal note enclosed written by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth. Wow. Wow. I am folding these baby clothes. You are  definitely  folding those baby clothes. (Laughs) What? Nothing. It's just... This is nice. Yeah. (Projector and camera shutter clicks) (Elevator doors open) Um... Oh, a double capp? Welcome back. 
(Kisses) And a half-caf, no foam, one pump vanilla, extra hot soy latte. That's two pumps of vanilla,  Lindsay. She'll grow up and get over it eventually. Just ride it out. They love to use what's already in the room... Moldings, picture frames, light fixtures, but now with this new program, they don't need bugs, 'cause we  are  the bugs... Our laptops, smartphones, cell phones... Cell phones off. Everybody, turn off your cell phones! They can track the signals. Why are you all just standing there? What in the hell? We eat on that table. Liv. This is Artie Hornbacher. Four hours ago, Artie stole this from the N.S.A. You stole from the National Security Agency? (Scoffs) I'm not in this. You're in this. What is it? - It's called Thorngate. It's everything. Everything.  It blows "we the people" to pieces. It removes the stars and the stripes on the flag. (Liv) Artie. Sorry. He says he's got evidence the N.S.A.'s spying on American citizens. What, like  spying  spying, like spying on American citizens, here at home? That is everything. I told you. Check him out. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Arthur "Artie" Hornbacher... Low-level N.S.A. Data entry specialist. Kept the same job, same salary, for 16 years, which is either admirable or pathetic, depending on your definition of success. Easy menial job which allows him time to follow his true passion as an online crusader. Against what? Every coffee chain in America. According to Artie, the decaffeination process is a lie, and a coordinated government/corporate deception. (Whistles) I was doing data entry, same thing I always do, grouping batches by source and entry point... Riyadh, Tel Aviv, Cairo, Milan... But then this one batch... Suddenly, it's Columbus, Philly, Portland. The addresses? They're... they're all domestic. Do you know what that means? Big brother. The eye in the sky. Millions of Americans are being watched right now, and they have no idea. You told your supervisors about this? Of course I did, repeatedly, and they said they'd look into it, and then suddenly, I'm being followed. So I took it, okay? I took proof of Thorngate. Maybe it was a mistake, but... (Scoffs) Maybe? But I did it, so now you have to hide me, because these people... They won't just kill me. They'll make it look like I never existed. He's also lactose-intolerant, allergic to grass, honey, strawberries, peanuts, is a type 1 diabetic, and believes that vaccines are demonic. It's just a report on border security. It's just the firewall. The N.S.A. protected this program with everything in their arsenal, in case it ever got stolen, like right now. Seriously, Liv, he's certifiable. We can't take this guy on as a client. Just 'cause he's weird doesn't mean he's crazy. He thinks the N.S.A.'s trying to kill him. My story didn't make any sense at first. - Still doesn't. Everyone thought that I was crazy, too. - Still do. (Rose royce's "Car Wash" playing) Might be time to poke the hive. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I know you by reputation. I'm happy to be able to put a face to a name. (Door closes) Thanks for seeing me on short notice. Of course. Um, what can I help you with? Just a few questions about Thorngate. Thorngate? Thorngate. I'm sorry. Am I supposed to know what Thorngate is? I just learned about it myself from Artie Hornbacher. Again, you've stumped me. I feel like I'm failing a test here. (Chuckles) Who is Artie Hornbacher? Just one of your low-level employees. Complained to his bosses, claiming your agency is using a program called Thorngate to spy on Americans. Ring a bell? Wow. That would be something, wouldn't it? Um, I'm not familiar with this employee or this program, but I can assure you that we take these accusations very seriously, and we encourage our employees, from data entry all the way to the top, to speak freely if they witness any abuse or wrongdoings by their colleagues here at the N.S.A. You know, let me check with our oversight board and see if they've heard anything. Thanks, but I don't think it's necessary. There's a 99% chance Artie was a nut job, and you just gave me my last 1%. Sorry to bother. No bother at all. Thanks, Corinne. Very nice to meet you. Oh, my pleasure. Get him out. It's Olivia. She says to get him out. Let me talk to her. Where are we supposed to... This isn't a question, Abby. It's an order. They knew he was data entry. She didn't react. She didn't even blink when I told her... I'm just asking whether... They know where he is! They'll kill him. Tell huck to get our client to safety right now! Alissa, what are you doing? You  are coming back to work, because if I have to fetch Jane Powell another Chinese chicken salad with no crunchies, no chicken, and dressing on the side, I am  going to scream. You miss me. I miss your lunch order because it's simple and because Jane is a horrible human being, who may, in fact, be the pinnacle of everything that's wrong with the American judicial system and who's telling everyone who'll listen that you went totally bonkers, by the way, so keep that in mind when... Oh, David. Look, I know it seems like I've gone... All "Beautiful Mind"? David. I can't go back till I figure it out... How I lost this trial and how Olivia Pope made it happen. (Sighs heavily) You can walk me through it,  once,  if you shave and put on pants. Okay, so hear me out... Pants. (Projector and camera shutter clicks) This is the least safe safe house I've ever heard of. Windows? - I've got a scrambler jamming every frequency. There's no way to see inside here. Except, of course, using eyesight. Okay, enough. It's decrypted. Let's see this thing. 
(Keys clicking) (Clicks mouse) Holy... I told you. How does it work? Uh, give me a name. Someone you know. Someone hard to crack. Cyrus Rutherford Beene. (Typing) (Beeps) 
 (Speaking inaudibly) (Gasps) Is that the... White House. West Wing. 20 feet from the oval office. (Quinn) The chief of staff. Nobody's safe. Is there audio? (Types) ...I know you know how he hates to hunt. He hates it. He only does it to get a chance to spend time with you. (Hollis) Make sure he knows he doesn't have to gum up his boots to know he has my support. Let's see who else is there. 
(Taps keys) There's another phone signal I can pull up. Still likes to golf, right? We oughta get him out to Andrews more often. Shut it down. -  'Course it ain't much to speak of, but I'm sure the man could use a... Huck. Long, frustrating walk to ease his mind from time to time. Huck. I'm trying. 
(Static, beep) What just happened? (Static) Wh-where'd it go? It self-destructed. I can't bring it back up. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Come on. Did you try the... (Keys click) It's dead. Okay, if we want to see it again, I have to hack into the N.S.A.'s firewall. How long would that take? Um... 22 days. 22 days?! Artie, who else knows about this? I didn't tell anyone. How could I? Well, then we're done here, Artie. I can't help you. Wait. You said you were gonna protect me. How can I? Without Thorngate, you have no leverage, nothing to bargain with. So tell me who else knows. Her name's Monica Ocampo. She was on the development team. Does she have access? Yes, but please, I don't want her to come in any danger. She's a good person. Find her. Should I help? We're good. Thanks, Lindsay. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Crow cawing in distance) Bad optics for a senator to be caught loitering. Would you agree? Sorry I'm late. Enjoyed having you in my ear last night. Tell me about Thorngate. Thorngate? You're on the senate intelligence committee, Edison. Don't play dumb. And here I was gonna ask you out. I got two tickets to the National Ballet... Thorngate. I need to know if I go public with this, whether you'll back me up, verify its existence. Olivia. - Our government is spying on Americans. Allegedly. - And your committee's responsible for oversight. You took an oath to... My clearance level is top secret. I took an oath to do the exact opposite of what you're asking me to do. You always did put your career above all. Takes one to know one. Liv. I don't know what you're getting yourself into, but you don't want to play games with the N.S.A. Their ball, their bat, their rules. (Scoffs) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I'll take the lead on this one. Who made you boss? That tone... it's bad-cop tone. It's ineffective. And since we're on the subject, the way you've been badgering that kid, pouncing on her... Lindsay Perkins is a lying sociopath. Bad cop. You think I can't be good cop? Ha. Oh, I can be good cop. Hell, I can be the sweet cop. (Laughs) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Someone stole a little something from the N.S.A. They think they may have themselves a whistle-blower. Concerning what? Thorngate. Are we on top of this? There's a problem. There's always a problem. He's got himself some interesting representation. Are we sure? This doesn't sound like Liv's neighborhood. She's nosing around senators on the intel committee. Senator Davis. Sir, Davis and Olivia... I don't need a history lesson. Sir... I want this handled. I want the screws tightened on this, Cy, and I want it done yesterday. 
(Thud) You're ticking, sir. What? You're ticking. You know how I know you're ticking? Up until you saw this picture, you've been happy. Lately, you've been happy. Don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed it, not because of the happiness, but because... It's been weird, like seeing a grandma in a bikini or a democrat with a Bible. You're happy, but we both know that happy people are rarely actually happy, unless they're morons. You are a brilliant man, a Rhodes Scholar, and a PhD, which means you're acting happy, because she won't take your calls, and you won't admit that it bothers you and God knows what else that goes on with the Shakespearean drama that is the women in your life. You're ticking, sir. You're a bomb stuffed in a Teddy bear, waiting to explode. Tick. Tick. Tick. Tick. Stop it. How do I defuse the bomb, sir? (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Hello, sir. Good evening. That remains to be seen, ma'am. (Laughs) You are so funny. Monica said he was funny. Didn't she, Howard? Sure did. Anyhow, we just need the key. The key? To Monica's. The surprise party? All I'm saying, that wasn't good cop. That was some weird, off-her-medications, emotionally unstable cop. Face it. I am a good cop, you're a sore loser, and... Hello? Monica? (Projector and camera shutter clicking) You seeing what I'm seeing? Sleeping pills, hastily written note... Classically staged suicide. No. Outside. Black sedan. (Exhales deeply) (Exhales deeply) 
(Exhales deeply) Maybe Artie isn't paranoid enough. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Doorbell rings) I'll be there as soon as I can. Abby, see if you can expedite Monica's autopsy. I want proof it wasn't a suicide. Tell Harrison to take the partial license plate number and see where it goes. 
(Knock on door) Pinning this murder on the N.S.A. is how we corroborate Artie's story. I'm on my way. (Beep) Tom. Hal. (Projector and camera shutter click, gunshot) (Quacks) Not bad, huh? (Laughs) Actually, fairly pathetic, Mr. President. (Laughs) You talk a good game, Fitzy, but you couldn't hit the side of a barn from the inside of a barn. I swear. (Laughs) Doesn't look like I'll be having duck for dinner. That's for sure. 
(Hollis laughs) Okay, let's get ourselves some coffee back at the lodge and give the President a little time on his own. Time on my own? What am I gonna do with that? To commune with nature, sir. I know how you enjoy that. Yeah, I'll see you guys in a bit. Where is she? Get out of the car. No. Get out of the car. No, and I don't appreciate being summoned. Get out of the car. 
-Why? So you can shoot me? Get of out of the damn car, Olivia! Yeah, but Quinn's motive was clear as day. Yeah, in the micro-sense, you're right. Wait. Don't you have to go to work? I called in sick again. Lucky for us, Jane's a hypochondriac and a bit of a racist, so when I say "cold," she hears "S A.R.S." Ah. You can use that all winter. Anyway, that's why I focused so heavily on the voice mail. That was a mistake. Wait. The voice mail where Quinn viciously swore to gut him like a fish? How is  that  a mistake? I'm saying, forget about all that evidence, step back, what's the one thing we know about Olivia Pope? Well, she's well-dressed, she's a workaholic... Olivia Pope doesn't use her magic for evil, she uses it for good. Olivia Pope doesn't move heaven and earth and further corrupt the justice system unless she knows at the end of the day, she can put on the white hat and ride out of town. Yes, but all the evidence still points to Quinn Perkins. We're not talking about evidence. We're just talking about motive. Well, she had that, too. She wanted revenge. Maybe the motive is bigger than the revenge of a jilted lover. Maybe someone else wanted Quinn's boyfriend and six other Cytron employees dead? Tom and hal could've told me where they were taking me. I could've dressed for it. Shut up. (Birds chirping) (Tying shoelaces) (Exhales deeply) Where are we going? We are hunting. Do I get a gun? I'm not giving you a gun. That doesn't seem fair. Life isn't fair. What is your problem? What is my... I don't have a problem. Then why are secret service agents physically removing me from my home at 5:00 in the morning? Because they do what I say. I don't do what you say. Why are you helping Artie Hornbacher? And I don't discuss my clients with you. You don't discuss anything with me anymore. Are you angry that I haven't been taking your phone calls or because I'm helping Artie Hornbacher? I an angry because you are committing treason. I am angry that you're behaving like a traitor to your country. To my country or to you? Oh, come on. This isn't personal. I'm standing in the middle of the forest in God knows where, so you can yell at me? That feels personal. I do not care how it feels. You're harboring a fugitive. It's criminal behavior. You and I both well know what Thorngate is, what Thorngate does, and who you are going to use it on. You have no idea what you're talking about. You're using it to spy on Americans. What we use it for is highly classified, and it involves anti terrorism. They know about the late-night phone calls. They know those calls came from the white house. 
 
 (Panting) Where are you getting this? Your little whistle-blower Artie, the guy who stole Thorngate from the N.S.A.? I am pretty sure the supreme court would consider this administration spying on its citizens criminal behavior. I am protecting my country. You are dabbling in national security issues. You're upsetting the C.I.A.and N.S.A., my guys at the state department, and you're using old boyfriends to dig up secrets on the intelligence committee. I am not... Senator Davis was your boyfriend from 2002 to 2006. You live together in Georgetown and then New York. You had an engagement ring. And you were seen with him yesterday, looking fairly cozy, from what I hear. You two screwing again? Is he everything you ever dreamed? Stop walking. Stop...  Walking! (Gasping) (Olivia moans) (Moans) (Crying) I am not yours. I don't show up places because you want me. I am not yours. This is over. (Police radio chatter) I can't say how long. Everybody's different. It's just a toxicology report. It's just sending blood to a lab, right? (Bag zipping) Monica Ocampo may no longer be with us, but she's still with us, still in my care. Monica's autopsy will take as long as Monica needs. I expect that's a courtesy you'll want for yourself someday, Red. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Monica was the only friend I had in that place, maybe the only friend I had in this city. They did this to her. I know they did. There was a black sedan on the scene. Someone was watching. I told you. They'll do anything. I need to get out of here. Please! I'm begging you! Snap out of it, Artie! It's the N.S.A. operating with the full backing of the white house and justice department. They'll find you. The only way to stop them is to take this public. The scary guy hasn't even de-encrypted the program yet! Let us worry about that. You worry about getting ready for prime time. Quinn, buy Artie a suit... Slim fit, single-breasted, 2-button, Navy. I want him to look polished, not one colander hat shy of a crazy person. Huck,  can  you do this? How long? 24 hours? I think so. Maybe. My producer Jack Lynn. Hi, Jack. Sorry. No recording devices. We off the record here? For now. And I need you to agree on a 24-hour embargo on anything we discuss here today. We don't even know... My client's life is at stake. If you can't agree to an embargo... I like you, Kim. I came to you first, because I think you're the best, but you're not the only game in town. Are we talking exclusive? Exclusive. We agreed on the embargo? (Leon Haywood's "don't push it, don't force it" playing) The United States government is using an N.S.A. program called Thorngate to spy on millions of American citizens in their homes, in their cars, and their offices. ♪ Don't force it, let it happen naturally ♪ How? Why do you have so many old watches? Don't touch my stuff. 
(Whispers) Damn it. What de-encryption program are you running? I've created an accelerated G.P.U. on linux breaking 28.6 billion passwords per second. With only three computers? We're never gonna get through the encryption in time. I sent out a root kit virus to over 5,000 bot-net computers. The whole city is crunching numbers for me. Relax. Relax? You don't finish, I'm dead. Do you know the kind of things they do to a man? I heard by the end that you're begging them to kill you. Oh, is that so? (Projector and camera shutter clicking) What's this? What you asked for... Every black Lincoln with the letters "R" and "B" on the plate. How about a "thank you"? Thank you. How about a phone number? (Quinn) How did you come across the information that Thorngate was being used... Is  being used this very second. You just interrupted Kimberly. You  never  interrupt Kimberly. Wait. This interview's with Kimberly Mitchell? The seething mouthpiece of the government's propaganda machine? Why not just turn me in? Artie, take a breath. Keep your head still. Maintain eye contact. Just answer what was asked of you. If you go off on a tangent, it'll look unreliable. Let's try again. How did you come across the information that Thorngate is being used on American citizens? This guy is set to reveal our most highly classified spyware on prime time? What happened to containing this thing? Olivia's trying an end-around. Right out of the do-gooder playbook... Grandstanding, "the public has a right to know" Kumbaya fest. Think about it this way... How much of your audience watches you at home with their cell phones or laptops on? I would imagine almost everyone. Well, then everyone should be very concerned about this. He's ready. My legal options. They run the gamut from gag orders to subpoenas to seizing everything to detaining and prosecuting in secrecy. Under various statutes under the espionage act, PATRIOT Act, National Security act. Just depends on how aggressive you want to be. I want you to unleash a legal Tsunami. Don't just empty both barrels. We go nuclear on this. (Elevator bell dings) You've got it? Got it. Put up a beautiful struggle, but I cracked it. Good work, huck. What's going on? The network just got slapped with an injunction by the justice department. If we go forward with the broadcast, we could all get arrested for treason. (Ice cubes rattling) (Slurps) (Glass clatters) (Utensils clinks) I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I was trying to write a thank- you note to queen Elizabeth. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to write a thank-you note to the queen? I felt like some yahoo from podunk. I was terrified of starting an international incident. God, I'm starving. This baby is eating all of my food. Is this the duck you shot? I hope Mickey got a good photo to show to the press corps. Mmm! Mmm! How was your day? Honey? Where's Kip? What? Kip Provenza and Mary. 
(Sniffles) The commerce secretary and his wife who won't shut up. I thought we were having them over for dinner in the residence tonight. Oh, I just thought... 
(Utensils clatter) (Mouth full) What? It'd be nice to have it be just the two of us for once since... Since what? Nothing. (Projector and camera shutter click) I don't buy it. Which part? The part where you think a jilted girlfriend would never go on a killing spree. 'Cause let me tell ya... Bitches be crazy. Look at what Cytron does. They have contracts with casinos, offshore betting sites... Two words... fugue state. Construction companies, probably mob-owned. These guys at Cytron swam with sketchy. I bet there's tons of people out there who wanted to hurt them. (Singsongy) Fugue state. This is bigger than Quinn Perkins. It's bigger than Olivia Pope. 
(Sighs) It's a cover-up, Alissa, and hard as it is to admit, we were wrong about almost everything. Okay. Fine. Maybe Quinn didn't murder those people, but she did do something, and without a doubt, somebody over at camp Pope and associates knows something. We argue this in court, we go up against the full legal might of the federal government. Armies of lawyers, bottomless resources. Meanwhile, we're all in jail and Artie... God know where they'd rendition the poor guy. We fight this with the network, not in court. We stiffen their backbone, appeal to their patriotic duty. Freedom of the press, unconstitutional intrusion of the right to privacy. A man's cell phone  is  his castle. Meanwhile, we need those autopsy results, and that partial plate off the black sedan. Thorngate is real and a monstrosity. They don't muzzle us so easily. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Indistinct conversations) Tom. Hal. What happened to my husband? Ma'am? Who did he talk to? What put Fitz in such a terrible mood? Because when he left me to go hunting, he was smiling, and when he came home, he wasn't. I'm sure we don't know, ma'am. (Gasps) You can't say. I understand. So... I am just going to say some things, and when I am correct, I'd like one of you to blink. That's all. Just flutter your eyelashes for a girl. Ma'am. The President of France. East Sudan. Hollis Doyle. That guy on fox news. 
(Sighs) His mother. Cyrus? Olivia Pope. (Exhales deeply) Have a lovely day, gentlemen. I didn't say a word. No way in hell are we airing this interview. I'm against it, and to say that my friends here from the legal department are against it, well, that's just an exercise in understatement. The government will back off, Brad. I promise. You promise? This isn't some two-seconds- of-nipple F.C.C. Fine we're risking. It's a federal injunction essentially handed down personally by the justice department, saying, "if you air this interview, you're guilty of treason." And I'm saying call their bluff. Generate so much public outrage on Artie Hornbacher's behalf, that if the N.S.A. so much as gives him a speeding ticket, they'll stage a coup. Based on one man's word? No, based on this. (Click) Huck? Go ahead and bring up Thorngate. Is this some kind of joke? That's your wife Julie, isn't it? My home system is encrypted. This should not be possible. (Huck) You want audio? Please. Anyway, you know how it is after a baby. (Baby fussing) You know, I try being all sexy, but I still don't feel like myself, and, well, he could try a little harder, too. Can't remember the last time he went to the gym. Turn it off. There's also a link to all e-mail accounts associated with this address and access to each computer search history. Shall we take a look? I said, turn it off. Huck. Brad, I know this is compelling stuff, but we need... Shut up. Do it. (Sizzling) I did okay, I guess, in life. Saw the Grand Canyon, had s*x with a woman, I saw "The Empire Strikes Back" in the theater. After the interview, you'll be a hero. Not for long. I mean, I might be okay for a while, but this story will die down soon enough, and then I'll be looking over my shoulder for the rest of my life. At least when you die, you'll have done something, something noble. More than most can say. Noble hero, huh? Never thought about it that way. (Chuckles) (Smoke detector beeping) Oh. (Mutters) The network's in. Artie's sitting down with Mitchell tonight. She's willing to come to us, so coordinate with their production team. We want to keep it small and safe. Two camera ops at most, one sound guy. Abby, what? Coroner finally got to the autopsy report on Monica Ocampo. It wasn't sleeping pills that killed her. What was it? - She OD'd on 1,600 units of injectable Insulin. (Gasps) Harrison, where are we with the plate match? Quinn and I have cross-referenced the entire D.M.V. list. The car doesn't track back to anyone at the N.S.A. or government for that matter, but get this... It's registered to a fake address under the name of "Will B.Watching." Will B.Watching? Is that some kind of joke? Huck, where's Artie? He's in the bathroom again. Break down the door. What? Break down the door! (Panting) (Whispers) Come on. Come on. Come on. He's also lactose intolerant, allergic to grass, honey, strawberries, peanuts, is a type 1 diabetic... 
(Thud) Believes that vaccines are demonic. (Under breath) Come on. (Smoke detector beeping) (Under breath) Come on. 
(Grunts) There was a black sedan on the scene. Someone was watching. I need to get out of here. (Grunts) Got it. Let's go. (Beeping continues) (Exhales deeply) How did this happen? He must've known. He must've done his homework on us. Come on! You know how this happened. Artie couldn't decrypt Thorngate himself, so he found the one person who could. Then he killed poor Monica, made it look like he was being followed, all so that we'd help him buy time and get what he needed. But as for why this happened? You'd have to ask Olivia that, and that would be a waste of time because she's off her game. Her gut is broken, and we have no idea what she's thinking. What's going on with her? It was a mistake, and the first one I've seen her make since I got here, so give her a break. Second. What? Second mistake she's made. Bad cop. I tried everywhere. I called everyone. I hacked into the face recognition software used by capitol police. I checked every traffic camera in the Tri-state area. All dead ends. This isn't on you, huck. This is on me. This is my mistake. I made the wrong call. (Harrison) Incoming! (Elevator bell dings) Where is he? Who? Don't get cute. You're in enough trouble. Harboring a fugitive, obstructing justice, theft of classified intelligence. I'm so confused. What are we talking about? The tv interview was canceled, which means you lost him, which means, assuming that Artie Hornbacher got his hands on Thorngate, our greatest weapon in the war on terror is out to the highest bidder as we speak. That's your problem. Excuse me? Artie Hornbacher played us. For two days, he wagged our dog. I'm not proud of that. But he played you for 16 years. Who knows what other secrets he stole along the way, right out from under your nose. What a great story... The kind of story that leads to congressional hearings and mass firings and books and movies. Juicy stuff. What do you want? 12 hours to find and deliver Artie. Then we call it even. I'll give you till noon tomorrow. If I don't hear from you, I'll be detaining your entire team for questioning, indefinitely. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Sighs) I want Senator Davis off the Intel committee. Sir... I want him off. (Slurps) Many a man has been undone by jealousy. How did you know she wasn't taking my calls? What? Earlier you said Liv wasn't taking my calls. How did you know? (Scoffs) Well, at least we know Thorngate really works. Just keeping America safe from the terrorists, sir. Liv's not a terrorist. I wasn't talking about her. She's not ticking. You are. (Sighs) I will have Senator Davis removed from the intel committee. (Indistinct conversations) You want something? I need to make some plans. What? For my future, after your first term is done, because you're never gonna make it to a second term. Clearly, you're a once-around-the-ballroom kind of President. Mellie, I don't know what you're talking about. Olivia Pope. I am talking about Olivia Pope. You took her hunting? Really, honey? She could be facing federal prison. But you needed to spend a few minutes with your girlfriend. That's... (Scoffs) It's sweet... If it didn't mean the end of your political career, because you won't make it to a second term. I will make sure of it, because I need to make some plans for my political future. 
(Sighs) And I do have a bright, bright political future. The sweet lawyer who gave up her career for her husband, suffered a miscarriage, then had a late-in-life baby while first lady... That's  gold. That's a future President. That's a hell of a second act, and America loves a second act. Mellie. Get over her. Mellie. Get over her! (Sighs) You see her again, I'll blow you away. And I'm an excellent shot. Remember? (Door closes) Hello, Artie. Nice watch. Oh. Hey. Yeah, I just... I just borrowed it. (Chuckles) (Clears throat) You got back in, cracked Thorngate a second time. No small feat. 
(Sighs) I didn't need Thorngate to find you. The watch is old, and it has radium in it, which is bad for you and very easy to track. I warned you not to touch my stuff, didn't I, Artie? We can split the money. All right? You'd never have to work again. Oh, I like my work. (Whooshes) Oh! Oh. (Groans) Ohh. (Gasps) (Groans) Tranquilizer should wear off in a few minutes. We'll talk more then. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Where's huck? I don't know, but we should be buying him a drink. He saved our asses. Gotta admit, Artie was good. Every little detail was played to perfection... The neuroses, the paranoia, even the allergies. The man had hives on his neck. I saw them. He was a lying mastermind. Takes one to know one,  Lindsay. Screw you. Excuse me? Oh, you didn't hear me? Go screw yourself. And when you're done with that, you can go straight to hell and screw yourself there, 'cause I don't want to hear it anymore. I'm not a murderer and I'm not a liar, and I'm not going anywhere. So the sooner you get over it, the better. And I go by one name now, and it's not  Lindsay. ♪ Ah. (Whispers) I'm Quinn, bitch. (Laughs) Ah! Buy me a drink? That's your line? 
"Buy me a drink"? I'm unemployed. Come on. One charity drink. You can write it off. I'm a good cause. Hey. Uh, a Manhattan, please. ♪ (Projector and camera shutter click) (Woman on tv) And lastly, President grant took some time out from his busy schedule to hunt duck on the eastern shore. The white house chef prepared some of the spoils and served them up with a port demi-glace, roasted turnips, and sauteed Greens. Was it you who taught him to hunt? (Turns off tv) Didn't mean to sneak up on you. What are you doing here? You didn't hear? I'm a client now. And how's that? Because the President of the United States had me kicked off the senate intelligence committee and is having my behavior "looked into" by the ethics committee. And to my thinking, it's because I was reckless enough to talk to you. So... now I'm your client. Pro bono. (Chuckles) Unless you have a conflict of interest. You're not still tied to the white house, are you? No. No ties. Hey. No more walking alone to your car. Huck, you didn't... I didn't hurt him... much. Anyway, they have him now. Huck, if I opened a door that you can't close... Doors are closed. I'm okay. I am. You don't worry about me. I'm handling it. Thank you. No, thank you. Want a ride? Sure. (Keys jangle, alarm chirps) (Moans) (Panting) (Panting) Huh. Yeah. (Both panting) (Projector and camera shutter click) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 