Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x17 - Snake in the Garden - Scandal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x17 - Snake in the Garden https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=13063 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 03/31/13 11:39 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x17 - Snake in the Garden 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 [Rosen]: I see a car in my rear view mirror. 
 I hear footsteps behind me. I turn around and they're gone. 
 Previously on "Scandal"... 
 She could be getting into something possibly dangerous. 
 With work. 
 So Albatross, the mole, the man who killed Wendy... he's the one who leaked their names to the terrorists. 
 (Olivia) You can't tell anyone it came from me, and you can't bring it to the C.I.A. 
 An anonymous source sent them to my office this morning. 
 That meeting isn't on my schedule. 
 It's so late at night and three times a week. 
 Who is it? 
 He's not cheating on me, Cy. He's cheating on you. 
 The mole is not in the agency. The C.I.A. Is clean on this. 
 Thank you, Osborne. 
 (Quinn) He can't know we're on to him. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 His name's Jake Ballard. 
 He's a naval intelligence officer with the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
 Put him under the microscope, see what you find. 
 The more dirt, the better. 
 It'd help to know why I'm doing this. 
 He sleeping with your husband? 
 In a manner of speaking, yes. 
 So this source of yours... The one who gave you the fax transmissions on the Kashfari hostages... 
 Yeah? 
 You think there's more blood in that stone? 
 (Pouring) There might be. Why do you ask? 
 I want you to look into it. 
 Me? Don't you have a building in Langley that does that? 
 I do, but so far all they've done is rule themselves out as the leak. 
 You need some backup. 
 I need some backup. 
 Someone I can trust. 
 Which these days... it's a very short list. 
 And who knows? If things go well, maybe we find a place for you here that's a little more official. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Keys jangling) 
 (Clicks switch) 
 (Sets down briefcase) 
 (Object shattering) 
 (Rustling, door opens) 
 (Floor creaks) 
 (Exhales) 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 Scandal 02x17 
Snake in the Garden 
Original Air Date March 28, 2013 
 So I've been thinking... about your family. 
 It's just it's been a while since you had one to, you know, watch. 
 Slow down. 
 What? The speed limit is like... 
 You have to keep at least 100 feet between us and them. 
 Slow down. 
(Sighs) 
 Anyway, I just thought maybe we could find you a new family. 
 Look, I know they were special, Huck, but every family's special in their own little way, don't you think? 
 He's turning left. 
 Next street. And don't forget to signal. 
 When you don't signal, it draws attention. 
 (Clicks lever, signal clicking) 
 (Breathes sharply) So, what do you say? 
 I say we've been following Osborne for a week, and he hasn't made a drop the entire time, hasn't been to the dry cleaners even once, and he's driving a new route tonight, which is very, very strange. 
 So, what do you see? 
 Osborne's on his way to a new drop? 
 Mnh-mnh. 
 We've been made? 
 We've been made. 
 We haven't been made. What makes you think we've been made? 
 You see that apartment building up ahead? 
 Yeah. Wait, isn't that... 
 Olivia's. 
 We've been made. 
 We've been made. 
 (Chimes) 
 (Rustling on TV) 
 (Clatters) 
 (Knock on door) (Sighs) Director Osborne. To what do I owe... Who hired you? Excuse me? You're having me followed. Unless you have a crush on me, I assume there's a reason. What's the reason? Director Osborne, all due respect... Who hired you?! (Static blips) Do you really think we don't have a file on you? The woman who's had her finger in every pile of dirt that gets dumped on this town? It's a damned encyclopedia. (Phone clicks) Yes, I'd like to report a break-in. I asked you a question, and I am waiting for an answer. Check my file. Half my clients have your pay grade or higher, which means half my clients would happily intervene on my behalf and kick your ass in whatever special way their office allows, which is why I suggest, Director Osborne, you leave my apartment immediately. This isn't over. (Exhales) (Knock on door) (Sighs) - Oh... Are you okay? Yeah. (Sighs) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Wow. Yeah. Really? Nowhere else to put him? He's safest here. Oh, come on! David walked into someone ransacking his apartment last night. Oh, God, is he... Fine. Shaken but fine. Do you think it was Osborne looking for the flash drive? I think Osborne sent someone else to do his dirty work, because last night the man was too busy threatening me. So he's on to us? He's on to us. So what next? We lie low. We back off. We don't take on the director of the C.I.A. without solid proof he's the mole. In the meantime, we have a client coming in. (Harrison sighs and clears throat) Who's the client? You've been on an all-night stakeout. Why don't you go home and get some sleep? I'm not tired. I can work. Wait... who's the client? (Door opens) I'd apologize for being late, but, hell, I'm not that tardy, and I ain't that sorry. (Door closes) Darlin', if you'd do me the kindness and rustle ol' Hollis up a coffee black as Texas crude with three sugars sweet as you, I'd be much obliged. This is my favorite ex-wife Debora. All he would tell me is you're a bunch of specialized lawyers. Don't think for one second I'm renegotiating the divorce contract. You deserve every penny, Honey. I'm afraid we got a whole other cat to skin. Please, daddy. 
(Crying) Just do what he says or he swears he's gonna kill me. (Crying) He wants you... he wants you to wire $20 million to this routing number and account number... (Train passing faintly in distance) Or he swears you'll never see me again. (Sobbing) He says... he says if you go to the police, you'll never see me again. He says if you do anything other than what he's asking, you'll never see me again. (Sobbing) Please, daddy. I'm so scared. I just want to come home. Just do what he says, or else he'll hurt me! Help... 
 (Static crackling) Only thing she forgot to do is thank the damn academy. What is the matter with you? Y'all weren't buying that little performance? That there is nothing more than the fruits of the six years of film school, acting class, scene study, and whatever in hell else Maybelle wanted to take and I was a damn fool to pay for. I had myself a good ol' laugh when I got it in my mail last night. You have been sitting on this since last night? Our daughter, our... baby has been kidnapped, and you waited 12 hours to tell anyone?! (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Maybelle Doyle, 25, youngest of Hollis' eight children and only daughter with his fourth ex-wife, Manhattan power player Debora Clarkson. Apple fall far from the tree? Evil tree, rotten apple. Imagine a pretty, young, spoiled Hollis Doyle on pills and coke and speed. Darlin', our baby is a drug addict, a user who's trying to bleed me dry, and the only way left since I cut her off without a cent after that... what was it now? Fourth? No, fifth stint in rehab. So you don't believe your daughter was kidnapped? No, sir, I do not. 
(Debora) - How can... You saw that video. She's not lying. She's terrified. Hollis, I advise you take a moment to fully consider. Ain't nothing to consider, ponder, or cogitate on. That child has bled me dry her whole life. Now she's just at it again, on a bigger scale with fancier dramatics. After getting kicked out of Georgetown for cheating, daddy bought her a big, fancy penthouse next door to keep her out of trouble... And it worked for a while. Then Maybelle met Justin Turner at a club. Just as rich, just as useless. They started dealing, forging checks, stealing cars. Think Bonnie and Clyde on pills and coke and speed. Even it wasn't a hoax, I got me eight kids with five wives. If I paid up, they'd just come take the rest. Pretty soon I'd be stuck working the drive-thru at Gettysburger just to pay ransoms. This is not hypothetical. This is happening. This is our daughter! Miss Pope, please. Our hands are tied if we can't go to the authorities. We'll do our best to get your daughter home safely, but I'm gonna need you to cooperate. Hollis, I need your full participation in this. Oh, don't get me wrong. I want y'all to get my Maybelle back. But? But... it'll be a cold day in hell before I pay one red cent for that gal's heinie. We have a men's room. Same pipes. What's the difference? I really need to explain to you why you spitting your plaque and your food bits all over my kitchen is a problem? You need to explain to me why the devil is suddenly our client. He needs help. Why not help the murderer you rigged an election with? It's the Christian thing to do. Gladiator. Suit. (Breathes sharply) Yeah. Yeah, I know. What the hell does that mean? Watch and learn, rosen, watch and learn. ("Flash Light" by Parliament playing) What does this tell us? Looks like a warehouse. 
 - Please, daddy... Plaid curtains. Could be it was converted to residential. - Swears he's gonna kill me. Ooh. The angle of that sunlight. The window must be facing west. 
♪ flash light ♪ What else? That's everything in the frame. (Typing)  ...To this routing number and account number... Close your eyes. 
 - Or he swears you'll never see me again. (Inhales) ♪ flash light ♪ (Train passing faintly) Metro. 
 - He says... I hear the Metro. It only runs above ground in a few places, so we can narrow down the warehouse locations based on that, right? Let's pull up the maps. (Typing) ♪ da hada hada da da ♪ 
♪ oh, it's no use ♪ You look at the ex-boyfriend? This sort of crime's always the ex-boyfriend. Thanks for the heads-up. The boyfriend Justin's been M.I.A. six months, ever since he left lockup. No sign he was here. None of the prints I found matched his. He could have been wearing gloves. Plus, I mean, look at this mess. Signs point to a struggle. Could be she's just messy. Rich people take things for granted. Not shoes. Not these shoes. I didn't know you kept up with fashion. I keep up with girls who keep up with fashion. (Both laugh) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Well? I don't know anything yet. (Sighs) Oh... He is spending his evenings with a soldier, a man you and I have never met or heard of. I'm looking into it, but right now... (Sighs) There's a snake in the garden, Cy. I don't know anything yet. A garden that we planted and we cultivated and we harvested. I do not know anything yet. Do I have to take care of this myself? I don't know anything yet. Yet.  Yet! (Sighs) (Lowered voice) I'm simply saying I realize that you are not in the best position with him right now. 
(Lowered voice) - Yes, I am currently on the outside looking in. 
(Sighs) My nose is pressed up to the glass of life right now, and I want to thank  you  for that. I do. Because, you know, it reminded me never to let my guard down, not when something Mellie this way comes. But don't you worry about me. I will once again be his warrior. I will once again sit at the right hand of the father. I'm on it, my guard is up, and as a friend of mine likes to say, it's handled. He says the kids are coming down this weekend, which is funny, since the Secret Service doesn't have any travel for the kids on their roster. That feels like a thing you should be taking care of. Did you need something? I am, um, heading to bed. Good night. You know, I wanted to mention... it might be hard for Jerry and Karen to get away from boarding school this weekend. It'll be fine. We put in the request a month ago. No, I know, just... with classes. Karen has a paper, and Jerry has Lacrosse, and they were just here for the holidays, and before that to see Teddy... We are going to play tennis all weekend. Well, they are. I'll coach. Can't very well play tennis and hold the baby at the same time. Tennis. That sounds... You don't have to worry about it. No one expects you to join us. Family activities aren't your thing, I know. (Olivia) Director Osborne. To what do I owe... Who hired you? - Excuse me? You're having me followed. Unless you have a crush on me, I assume there's a reason. What's the reason? Director Osborne, all due respect... Who hired you?! (Static blips) (Rewinding) (Pressing button) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) What about Alexandria? There's some warehouses near the King Street stop.  Good idea. We'll check there after Greenbelt. Or, just thinking outside the box, you could save gas and time and maybe this girl's life if you get the F.B.I. to look for you. First of all, we're so much better than the F.B.I. at this. (Door opens) Secondly... here's your fourscore, extra bacon, and your hushpuppies, of course. And here's the rest of the mail... mostly invitations to fund raisers... Have we ruled out Takoma Park? It's too residential. And it doesn't look like there are any stops on the Red Line that go near a Warehouse District. This package came for you. My hands are awful busy, darlin'. Well, that's all right. Wouldn't be the first time you leant your boss a hand, right, Trixie? This warehouse is like a needle in a haystack. The police have software that can location map everything down to a crack in the sidewalk. And that would take three days. She'd be dead by then. Have we pulled up maps... 
(Trixie screams) (Screams and gasps) What's going on? Oh, my... I touched it! Is that... (Huck) - That's an... I touched it! Ear. This is Olivia Pope. I'll be negotiating on behalf of the Doyle family. (Maybelle on speaker) Daddy, why didn't you pay him? You saw what he did to me! (Olivia) You're gonna have to talk to me, Maybelle. Whoever has you, you tell them you're only talking to me. He cut off my ear! Afraid I'll need to see some proof. Proof? Are you insane? Maybelle, we're going to need proof. He's saying... (Panting) He... he says... Maybelle, what does he say? (Sobbing) He says that you need to pay up in 24 hours, or else I'm going to lose something less cosmetic! (Sobbing) Once the money is wired into his account, then he'll call and he'll tell you where I am. (Sobbing) Please, daddy, please. This time, just listen to me... (Beep) (Gasps and sobbing) I'm telling y'all that's not her ear! Wh-where would Maybelle get a human ear? Addicts are resourceful. Hollis, you have to consider the risk if you're wrong. I tell you what. Get me a D.N.A. test. A D.N.A. test takes 48 hours minimum. We have 24. That's y'all's problem. I don't pony up any money till I have proof that's her ear. You just killed our daughter. Are you happy? You just killed our baby! Our daughter's nothing more than a spoiled brat who wants to get her hands on my money! If you think I'm gonna give it to her, you're crazier than she is! Charming family. Okay. Seriously. Not trying to sound like a broken record here, but isn't this the time to call the police, bring in the F.B.I.? We're dealing with a class "A" felony. 
(Laughs) (Huck) - It's just math. Math? You hire us, we negotiate the ransom, make an untraceable payment, retrieve the victim safe and sound. We've never lost a client, not once. You call the cops, you get a rescue team, dogs, body armor, the works. Now, you don't spend any of your own money, but the victim's chance of survival drops to 50% in a rescue scenario. So, if I wanted to see my loved one alive, I wouldn't call the cops, I'd call us. Every time. (Hollis and Debora arguing indistinctly) Hey, Liv. Let me ask you a question. Why are we helping Doyle? Why is the devil our client? Because even the devil loves his kids. Ma'am. 
(Sighs) How can I help you today? I'm going to need you to change Fitz's schedule this weekend. Oh, no need to worry, Mrs. grant. I have already completely cleared it so he can spend time with the children. That's lovely. And thoughtful. But now I need you to unclear it. Ma'am? He's a busy man. He runs the greatest nation on earth. Surely he has things he could be doing. Well, he always has things he  could  be doing... Put them on his schedule this weekend. Yes, ma'am. (Lowered voice) Are you keeping bad news from him in an effort to stay on his good side? (Lowered voice) I would think you have enough problems of your own to worry about without meddling in our private family affairs. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Phone chimes) (Clicks and beeps) Cyrus, I can't talk. Why not? Because Hollis Doyle's daughter's been kidnapped. Karma. You are a bad man. Just take a moment to feel the karma. Good-bye, Cyrus. (Clicks and beeps) (Chimes) (Sighing) Jake, how are you? I was just wondering what you were up to. I thought maybe we could grab some lunch. I'd love to, but I can't. I'm in the middle of something at work. Maybe later, when I'm home? Yeah, maybe later, when you're home. (Beeps) (Clicks) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Clatters) (Camera shutter clicking) (Clicks) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Opens drawer) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Beeps) These documents came from a flash drive that, until very recently, I believe was in Osborne's possession. The level of security clearance required to access this information belongs to a handful of people... You, Secretary of Defense, the Vice President, and Osborne. Why do you assume it's Osborne? Because I saw him threatening my source. You're not gonna tell me who the source is, are you? No, sir, I'm not. I know this is a big gamble. But consider the damage a guy like Osborne can do, especially if we drag our feet on this. You trust this source? They brought home the hostages, didn't they? You asked me to do a job. I did it. And I am telling you, Grayden Osborne is your mole. (Train whirring) So? Not the kidnapper's building. And why? It doesn't match the video. The windows don't open. Very good. (Door opens) Hey... How about them? They live in an apartment. So? Nice families live in apartments. Ah, no yard, no dog. They got a little dog. It doesn't need a yard. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Scoffs) That is not a dog. You're never gonna find the perfect family. Perfect families don't exist. (Musical ringtone) Hey, new message! And there's an attachment. Pull it up on the TV. 
 
 (Typing) (Gasps) Oh, God! (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Debora gasps) Well, it was definitely her ear. (Panting) (Huck) Plaid curtains, Western sunlight, electrical transformer across the street. Just like in the video. So where's Maybelle? I don't know, but she was definitely here. Pay 'em. Pay 'em. Pay 'em whatever they want. It doesn't work like that, Hollis. You hear me? Pay them son of a bitches, get my baby back here now! We're all set up to wire the money via electronic transfer to the account number. However... 
(Turns off TV) We're only sending half of it. What? If we give him everything he's asking for, you'll never see Maybelle again. He's already proven he means business with the ear, and it's a cleaner getaway if there aren't any witnesses to testify against him. So what do we do? To get her back? What do we do? Pay half up front, then wire the rest of it only when we see she's alive and we can assure her safety. I say we wire the whole enchilada, get this over with! With all due respect, I'm not looking for your advice on how to handle this. I'm telling you what my associates and I think the best way forward is. Is it risky? Yes. Welcome to kidnapping. Do it. (Typing continues) It's done. $10 million. (Voice breaking) What if he doesn't call? He will. Just wait. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Is he dirty? Dirty? I don't know. But I think I figured out how he and the president know each other. What happened in Iran? What are you talking about? Operation Remington. It was '91, the end of the Gulf war. Your plane went down over Iranian airspace... Mountains west of Nurabad. You were rescued. You've been looking into me? Mission report is redacted, even for my lofty level of access. What, are you looking for dirt on me so you can keep your job? Maybe it was a simple extraction. A handful of special forces and a couple of black hawks, and you were tucked into your bunk just a few hours later. Or maybe... you got caught in a village and had to fight your way out. Maybe it was My Lai, Iranian style. 
(Sighs) Maybe things got ugly. You want to stop playing games? I'm not playing any games. You want to know what happened? I'll tell you what happened. I don't care what happened. I don't need to know. Point is, you did things. (Breathing heavily) Things you can't talk about. Heroic things you can't put in your memoirs because it would endanger our military operations, things that might even endanger the foundation of the Republic. Who knows? Well, guess what. (Breathes sharply) So did I. And just because my battleground was in Ohio and not the Persian Gulf doesn't make me any less of a patriot or make my  service  any less valiant. And just like you, I can't talk about that service, that operation, because doing so would endanger the Republic for which we stand. But still, I can be proud of it. I am proud of it, just as I hope you are proud of Operation Remington. You are equating what you did in Defiance with national security issues? I'm saying the right side and the wrong side... (Breathing heavily) Are determined not by me and not by you... but by history. History makes the heroes and the villains, sir. You and I, we're just players. (Exhales) Sit down. Sir? Have a seat, Cy. (Exhales) I've ordered the F.B.I. To raid Grayden Osborne's office and home to seize any and all communications. Why? Osborne's our mole, Cy. I received some documentation with some highly classified intelligence that only he and the Secretary of Defense would have. (Typing) No call? No call. (Sighs) (Sniffling) (Door closes, bottles clink) Drink? For the life of me, I can't remember... when it happened. Even how. One day she's the love of my life, my little sidekick, my partner in crime. Just like that... she's my enemy. Can only assume the worst of her. (Breathing unevenly) I let her down. (Voice breaking) I let my baby down. (Musical ringtone) (Beeps) Maybelle, it's Olivia. (Maybelle on speaker) He says he doesn't have all the money! Where's the rest of the money?! Maybelle, tell him he'll get the rest upon confirmation of life. That's non-negotiable. Okay. He says that's okay. But no surprises, or... (Sobbing) Oh, God, please don't hurt me! Please! Aah! Proof of life, and we wire you the second $10 million on sight. I'll give you the location where... 
 - No! He says he chooses where we go. Okay. Give me the address. (Exhales) Maybelle, I need an address. There's an old gas station on Route 50 between Aurora Pike and Stemple Ridge Road. (Pants) He says... He says you have 20 minutes. This is it. (Olivia) Here we are! No authorities! As promised! Now it's your turn! (Rattling) Send it. So she's there? (Taps key) She's still alive? Yeah. It's done. You have the money! Now let her go! He could have a gun on her. He could have a gun on us. Maybelle, it's okay. Walk towards me. No one's gonna hurt you. He has his money. You're free now. Walk towards me. Let me go in. Easy, Huck. Come on. It's okay. You're free. I can get this guy. Not our job. Let me take... Huck, no! Come here, Maybelle. (Tires screech) If you want to, we can still call the police. No, no. I'm just glad to have my baby back. (Monitor beeping) I can't believe Justin did this to me. I can't believe he took your money. You're home safe now. That's all that matters. (Softly) Thank you. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Sighs) (Phone chimes) (Beeps) Cyrus. I'll be there in 20. I was thinking a nice Napa red with a side of stovetop popcorn. We'll go old school tonight? I can't. I'm... I have plans. Is it a date? Who is he? You wouldn't know him. I don't even know if I know him. There's something... not quite right there, but I'm going with it, because God knows, when it comes to men, my instincts haven't exactly served me well. So I'm jumping. This is me jumping. Why is everybody cheating on me? You don't mean... Not James, of course not. My other marriage. (Sighs) But I think I'm back in. Now I just have to get rid of the competition. Fitz is getting advice from someone else? Yep. Who? You don't know him. Go for the jugular. I always do. How is he? You have a date with a new guy, remember? (Exhales) Good-bye, Cyrus. Good-bye, Liv. (Sighs) 
(Phone beeps) (Exhales) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Well, you look incredible. A little underdressed for a 5-star dining experience, but... I tried to call you. I know. I ignored the call. I don't think I'm going to go. Two steps forward, one step back. I have a lot of work to do, and I'm really tired, and I just... You are afraid. Of me. Of the unknown. Of what this is. You seem like a really great guy, and maybe I'm just... I had a relationship with a man I thought was... (Breathes sharply) and I'm not over it yet. I don't know how to judge anymore what's good, what's bad, if I... someone mentioned him to me on the phone five minutes ago, and I... I think about him. I worry about him. I wouldn't be on a date with you. I... H-he's in my head all the time. (Chuckles) Close your eyes. Wh-what? Close your eyes. Why? You don't know me. I might be the worst guy in the world. Or I might be the best. Whoever I am, I like you. I like you a lot. I like how you say "What?" When you answer the phone. How you always seem to be wearing white. How wine seems to be a food group for you. I like that you know who you are, and that you fix everyone around you. But you seem... sad to me, Olivia. I like you, but you seem sad. And if you let me, maybe I can help you not be so sad. Because whatever happened to you... Whoever  happened to you... already happened, it's done. So maybe I can help you start fresh. Maybe... I'm your do-over. (Stifled chuckle) 'Cause you deserve a do-over. So close your eyes. Close... your... eyes. (Exhales) Are you still thinking about him? (Softly) No. Good night, Olivia. Good night, Jake. (Door opens) (Door closes) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Rustling) Really? We eat in here. Huck, throw it away! Shh! He's working on something. Come here. (Abby scoffs) Really?! Huck, what are you working on? Finally got a call back from my source at Justice. Turns out Maybelle's ex-boyfriend's been sitting in a Thai prison for the last two months. Customs caught him trying to poop out a shampoo bottle full of heroin.  No one knew he was there until now? Rich parents kept it hush-hush. So he's not the kidnapper? No, she is. The frayed edge... If a kidnapper had cut off the ear, he would have pressed on Maybelle's scalp for leverage. It would have been a clean cut. But this isn't clean because she couldn't get the necessary leverage. She had to saw through it. She did this to herself. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Maybelle kidnapped herself. Dulles airport. (Beeps) We reversed the deposits to your father's account and called the police. Of course you did. (Scoffs) You always find a way to screw me. How can... Do you realize how worried we were? How sick we were when we thought s... How do you do that to yourself? How do you cut yourself? How do you hurt yourself? I needed the money. How could you do this to us? We love you... What do you want, mom? I want you to come home. I want to make it right. Whatever we did to make you... Hate us like this... 
(Breathes sharply) I... I... I want to make it right. You can't. It's too late. Poor little rich girl. Excuse me? What was it? He worked late, she missed your dance recitals, they threw you in reform school, rehab, they tried to buy your love instead of earning it? Whatever they told you in therapy, whatever sad cliche you're still holding on to after all these years, it doesn't matter. No one feels sorry for you, not anymore. You're being offered a fresh start, a clean slate, a do-over. That doesn't happen. No one gets that. Ever. And if you don't take it, you're not just spoiled and selfish, you're stupid. You need to make a choice, May. Because your mom and I... she can't go through this again. So you need to make a choice. You want the money... Or you want your family? You're offering me $20 million? You take the money, you don't come back. What's it gonna be? Money... or family? I... Money... or family? Money. I'll wire it to you tomorrow. Go on. Get! (Sobbing) (Door closes) (Sobbing continues) (Door closes) Hey, dad, it's me. Lindsay. Again. Uh... I'm not sure if you've checked your messages. I've left you about ten. I just... I wanted to say "Happy Birthday" to you instead of to a machine. But you're not picking up. Okay, well, Happy Birthday... again. (Beeps) (Sighs) Tell me this isn't happening! (Door slams) Tell me those men in my office, those men in my  house... The ones putting my entire life into boxes and bags... It's happening. I am not the mole, Cy. I did not leak those documents. No? (Softly) No. (Normal voice) I have spent my entire adult life serving this country. I never went to any of my son's soccer games. I missed my daughter's high school graduation. I haven't been out to dinner with my wife in years. Why? Because I have always chosen  the Agency  above anything else. Not because it was my job. Because it was my duty. I am not your mole. I am not a traitor! Tell me that you do not actually believe that I betrayed my country. The president has decided he no longer needs your services. And I serve at the pleasure of the president. (Sighs) (Sighs) You wanted to see me? Lauren tells me you asked her to change my schedule this weekend. You had several important meetings she was going to cancel because of the children's visit, and I thought it was simply best to cancel the children's visit and... What  is wrong with you? Fitz, I was just trying to be helpful. They're our kids! You shipped them off to boarding school the minute they were old enough to go, and now, on one of their few free weekends, one of  my  few free weekends, you cancel on them? These are our children! I get it. You don't have the mother gene. You don't want to be bothered to raise them or take care of them, but I'd think you'd at least love them. I love them. You're cold. I'm not cold! Or maybe you just did it to hurt me, I don't know. (Clatters) I've been looking forward to this visit, and you just cancel it without even asking me? Are you punishing me? 
(Sets bottle down) I'm not... what about them? Did you even think about how this must make Jerry and Karen feel, how rejected they must feel by their own mother who cancels their visit at the last minute? They didn't want to come! What? (Sighs) They didn't want to come, Fitz. They have called me every single day since you summoned them to the White House for this visit begging me to cancel this trip. Oh, please. If you think I'm gonna buy that... You are different. You are  different. Ever since... (Sighs) You're different. And they are not babies. They are not Teddy. They are teenagers, and they know their father's not their father... I  am  their father! You stink like scotch. They can smell it on your skin all of the time. You are lubricated all of the time now, which makes you mean. You're mean, Fitz! Karen hates tennis, and you know that! You used to make it fun and funny for her. The last time they were here, you yelled at her the entire time she played. And when you weren't forcing her to play tennis, you were firing political questions at her. And Jerry... He is shy and he is gentle, and you know that, and now... (Sighs) He's afraid of you. It's you. You're different. And maybe I'm cold, and maybe I don't have the mother gene, and maybe a thousand other things that make me such a horrible villainous bitch in your book, but in Jerry and Karen's book, I'm still their mom. I haven't changed. It's you. You're not their father anymore. And it's not because you found out about Defiance. That's the thing that is so... (Sighs) It's because you found your precious Olivia doesn't have the secrets of the universe tucked between her magical thighs, that she is just a person like everybody else, and that she is capable of using you just like everybody else. And suddenly you're devastated and you stop being their father. You're not their father anymore. And you are not Fitz anymore. You know who you are? You know who you've become? You're big Jerry. You're  your  father. Everybody in this White House... Cyrus and me included... tiptoe around, trying to figure out how to get on your good side, but you don't have a good side! You've turned into your father! So... you should understand how your children feel, considering how much you hated your dad. They didn't want to come. And so I told them they didn't have to. Deal with it. (Scoffs) Put another glass of scotch on top of it and just... deal with it. (Door opens) (Door closes) (Turns off engine) This is it. This is it? Where's the mom? Dad's name is Dave. Daughter's Emily. Mother died a few years ago. Cancer. Uh, since then, Dave's been running half-marathons. Emily loves to paint. Watercolors, mostly. They're doing a lot better now. This isn't what you wanted at all. No. No, they're not for me. (Exhales) (Breathes deeply) (Plate clatters, rustling) Hey, turn that up. The "Times" is reporting that C.I.A. Director Grayden Osborne... (Abby and Harrison) Olivia!  Was found dead earlier this evening, the victim of an apparent suicide. A body found inside a vehicle in rock creek park has allegedly been identified as that of Osborne. The Central Intelligence Agency has yet to make a statement. (Sirens wailing, police radio chatter) (Camera shutter clicking) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Hi. You mind? Yeah. (Sighs and rubs hands) Chilly tonight, huh? Supposed to drop even more tomorrow. Hmm. So it's done? It's done. And the police believe it's a suicide? Hook, line, and sinker. I have to say, it was staged perfectly. And now everyone thinks that Osborne is the mole. Hmm. Or was. Well... you stay warm now. Yeah, you, too. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 