Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x08 - Happy Birthday, Mr. President - Scandal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x08 - Happy Birthday, Mr. President https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=12870 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 12/09/12 07:42 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x08 - Happy Birthday, Mr. President 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 This is a BNC news special report. 
 Reporting live from Washington... Reed Wallace. 
 We have unconfirmed reports that shots were fired outside President Fitzgerald Grant's birthday gala this evening. 
 And early reports suggest... 
 What? 
 Where is the President? 
 Why is he... 
 I've just been told that the President has gone to James Madison hospital. 
 Why has he... 
 Okay. I'm getting a report now that confirms that President Grant was not wounded. 
 He  was  wounded? 
 Speak up. 
 (Crowd cheering and shouting) 
 (Two gunshots) 
 (Crowd screaming) 
 (Man) Falcon down! Falcon down! 
(Man) Go! 
 (Indistinct shouting) 
 (Gasps) 
 (Siren wailing, helicopter whirring overhead) 
 (Indistinct shouting) 
 I'm fine. Stop! Get away from me! Get away from me! 
 (Man) - Ma'am... 
(Mellie) - Where are my children? 
 (Monitor beeping rhythmically) 
 (Man) Ma'am, I'd like to do an ultrasound. 
 (Mellie) I am fine. 
 (Man) Keep that clear! Keep that clear! 
 Someone shot my husband! 
 You need to check on him! 
 (Defibrillator whines) 
 Charge at 300. Charge. 
 Clear. 
(Man) I.V.'s blown. 
 Clear.(Voice echoing) We need the central line. 
 Charging. 
 (Man) Let's go, people. 
 (Man, voice echoing) Mr. President! Mr. President! 
 Look at me.  Look at me. 
 You may not die. Do you hear me? 
 (Normal voice) You may  not  die, so stay with me. 
 Stay with me! 
(Curtain rings swoosh) 
 (Mellie) Check on Fitz! Check on Fitz! 
 (Man) You may  not  die! 
 (Gurney wheels rolling, monitor beeping rhythmically) 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
  We need briefings on security and defense. 
 We need to raise the threat level... 
 Oh, my God. We need to suspend the stock exchange. 
 I don't know anything. 
 I'm not... I'm not keeping anything from you. 
 I just... 
 They're not telling us anything. 
 Is the President alive? 
 Edison. 
 I'm sorry. It's just... There's a lot of fear out here. 
 I have armed escorts. 
 They're putting you in the bunker. 
 Along with the speaker of the house and the entire cabinet. I'm sorry. 
 You know I don't have a choice. I have to go to the bunker, or else I'd... I'd be there with you, Liv. 
 I know how hard this must be for you. 
 (Cell phone beeps) 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 (Gasps) 
 (Gasps) 
 I bought it at auction. 
 President Eisenhower wore it when he was in office. 
 There are only 48 stars on it. 
 It's very rare. 
 You didn't have to. 
 I know. 
 It's your inauguration day. 
 I wanted to give you something special. 
 You are my something special. 
 (Chuckles) We said we'd stop when you were President. 
 Well, I'm not President for another... 
 23 minutes. 
 Mm. 
 Liv. I didn't know you were here already. 
 I just got here. 
 (Laughs) Oh, isn't this the best day? 
 Can you believe this is happening? 
 I read a biography on Dolley Madison when I was 10 that I loved, and now I live in her house, do her job. 
 Ooh, Fitz, that's a nice pin. Where'd you get it? 
 It was Eisenhower's. 
 Well, that's just... 
(Chuckles) 
 That is fantastic. 
 You are wearing Eisenhower's pin. 
 The press is gonna love it. Right, Liv? 
 Right. 
 Oh. 
 I, Fitzgerald Thomas Grant III, (Camera shutter clicking) 
 Do solemnly swear... 
 I, Fitzgerald Thomas Grant III, do solemnly swear... 
 That I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States... 
 That I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States... 
 And will, to the best of my ability... 
 And will, to the best of my ability... 
 Preserve, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. 
 Preserve, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. 
 So help you God? 
 So help me God. 
 Congratulations, Mr. President. 
 (Cheers and applause) 
 (John Philip Sousa's "Stars and stripes forever" playing) 
 Where do you want to put the interns? 
 I have all the speeches from the campaign. 
 Do you want to keep them handy, or should I archive them? 
 Did you bring dresses? 
 I'm sorry? 
 For the inaugural balls tonight. 
 You brought dresses, right? 
 Uh, yes. But you're our boss, and you're working, so it's... 
 Go. 
 Go and put on your gowns and have fun. 
 Right now. That's an order. 
 Really? 
 Really. Go. 
 (Laughs) 
 Um, thank you. 
 You're... (Sighs) 
 Thank you. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 You are literally... literally standing me up for the ball. 
 I can't take you to the inaugural ball. 
 You  knew  that I couldn't take you. 
 I am not like you. I am traditional. 
 I am not interested in flaunting my secrets. 
 I am not some dirty little secret. I am your boyfriend! 
 James, I love you, but I'm already late. 
 Can we have this conversation another time? 
 Or we could... Just go! 
 (Door opens) 
 (Exhales deeply) Hey, Liv. 
 Cy. 
 I was just filling in a reporter on some inaugural ball details. 
 (Chuckles) Of course. 
 I'm heading out to meet the President and Mellie at the party ball. 
 You want a ride? I have a limo. 
 I'm not gonna go. 
 I hate dancing. 
 Oh. All right. I'll see you later. 
 Mm-hmm. 
 (Waltz playing) 
 ♪ (Telephone rings) (Ring) (Ring) This is Olivia Pope. Hi. What are you doing here? It's my office. Not bad, huh? You're supposed to be at the inaugural ball. I was at  four  inaugural balls, and now I'm here... With you. Where's Mellie? Two floors and a whole wing away. Mr. President. I like that. Say it again. Mr. President. Mm-hmm. (Giggles) We can't. We can. Mm. (Breathing heavily) Look around you. Look where we are. This can't happen, not anymore. (Sighs) (Exhales deeply) I think it can happen right there on that desk. No. No. We decided we have to stop. I spent the whole night dancing, but never with the one person I actually wanted to dance with. (Breathing heavily) Mm. Stop. No. 
(Clatter) Stop. Stop. No. Stop, Fitz. Fitz. Whew! 
(Exhales) We can't stop. I can't. You're the most important person in my life. I can't just stop. Can you? (Panting) (Moans) (Breathing heavily) ♪ The video we're showing you here suggests that Grant sustained either three or four bullet wounds. The doctors at James Madison hospital have yet to release any specific information about his condition, although we believe he is in surgery. 
 (Crowd screaming and shouting) The White House has to be, uh, I mean, it's not surprising that they're remaining silent. The person making a statement for the White House would normally be the press secretary, but as I told you earlier... 
(Camera shutter clicks) Press secretary Britta Kagen was one of those seriously injured... 
 (Gunshots, crowd screaming) In the attack on President Grant. No word yet on her condition. The magnitude of what's going on... We can forgive them a moment of chaos within this crisis. Of course, there are protocols in place, the first being that priority one for the country is securing the Vice President. 
(Camera shutter clicks) Do we have any information on the location of Vice President Sally Langston? We're going directly to the Naval Observatory, ma'am. We're going to the South lawn of the White House. We have strict orders to escort you to the observatory. The pilot's a marine, correct? Yes, ma'am. I am the acting commander in chief. He is following my orders, and I am ordering him to take me to the South lawn of the White House. You are welcome to catch a ride. We must all join hands and pray for our President who fights bravely to hold on to life. And as you bow your heads and ask for God's mercy, rest assured, I am in place in the White House and in charge of this situation. God bless President Grant and God bless America. Liv will call if she needs us. Maybe she's wounded. Maybe that's why we haven't heard from her. Did the news say she was wounded? No. Then she's not wounded. (Harrison) - This is out of control. Did that just happen? Did she actually just land on the South lawn of the White House? Where is she? Is she in the oval? If she's in the oval... (Indistinct conversations) (Cyrus) Are you the President?! No! You're not! Why? Because... I want the senior communications staff gathered and ready to brief me in 20 minutes. You... Jeannine. Hi, Jeannine. Go to my apartment. (Keys jangle) Secret service has the address. Get me one gray suit, one blue suit, one black suit, six blouses, three pairs of shoes, some underwear, and my toothbrush. Bring them to me here. Ms. Pope. Yes? Does this mean... Are you... Back? Yes. I'm back for as long as you need me. Everything  really  is going to be okay. Do you know who lands on the South lawn? Cyrus, you are way out of... The  President  of the United States. The man has a bullet in his head. The country needs leadership. The world needs leadership. He may have a bullet in his head, but it's still his lawn, Sally. I am in charge now, and... No! You're not in charge! Have you read the whole constitution, or did you stop in rapture after the second amendment? I have had quite enough of this. Allow me to summarize the 25th amendment for you. In the case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the Vice President shall become President. Since none of these things have happened, the only way you're President is if the President  himself  signs power over to you, or you gather the signatures of the cabinet. And that may have all been a little confusing to you, so let me summarize further and tell you simply that if the President dies, I'll call you. Until then, these men are going to take you to a secure, undisclosed location. The hell they are. I'm not going anywhere. By being where you are not supposed to be, you are threatening the security of this great nation. These men are under orders from the Department of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense to take you to a secure location. Now you can walk out, or they can carry you out. And it makes no difference to them, because guess what... They serve at the pleasure of the President, and you... Are not the President. For the record... (Kisses) The honor and privilege of being here, standing on such hallowed ground, helping our President set his agenda for his first hundred days... It never leaves me. I'm so grateful, madam Vice President, because I'm gonna need your help selling some big ideas. I'm looking forward to it. And I understand that part of the first hundred days will now be nominating a supreme court justice. That would be correct. Who knew this chance would come so quickly? I know. It's so exciting. I'll be giving you my names by the end of the week. Names? That was the deal when Sally signed on to our campaign. I promised her first crack at nominating a justice if a vacancy occurred. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Thought perhaps you'd like to be briefed on a few things, sir. I am not a runner. I hate running. I'm only running so the leader of China or Pakistan or whatever can see photos of me running and decide I'm too badass to pop. I thought you might want to know where the cameras are, sir. Cameras? The surveillance cameras... 
(Panting) In the White House. There are cameras? Every morning, an agent reviews the footage from those cameras and either erases or archives that video depending on... What you see? Yes, sir. And I take it there's a camera in the oval office. Yes, sir. And you reviewed the footage the morning after the inaugural ball. I have not seen anything worth archiving, sir, not on my shift. But it won't always be on my shift. You understand, sir? (Birds chirping) What are my options? Sir? You just told me there are surveillance cameras all over the White House. I'm asking where aren't there cameras? (Projector and camera shutter clicking) The state of the union address is about the future. It should be a showcase of everything you believe. A comprehensive, nonpunitive immigration policy  is  something I believe in. That can't be your highlight. It's not strong enough to... It's what we ran on. Immigration is noble, but it doesn't light a fire. If you can't see... (Laughing) We can't touch defense or social issues. It might upset the base. I'm just saying. And I'm saying we need to be bold, look forward, make a statement with lasting impact. (Grunts and pants) Immigration policy will get us a generation of voters, maybe two. (Grunts) Fitz, stop running for President and start  being  President. (Moans) (Laughs) Youth is the future. Youth is the next generation. You get young people involved in volunteering. You give them a stake in the country's future... And a credit towards college tuition,  and  you announce it at the state of the union, and any member of congress who doesn't stand and applaud you loses every parent in their constituency. That is... That's gold. What is that smell? Fresh air, sunshine, the great outdoors. Fresh air makes me very nervous. I'm an indoor person. That's what the person I was dating says. Said. (Birds chirping) You should call James. I bet he misses you. Worst-kept secret in Washington. (Exhales deeply) I am a leader of the republican party. It's complicated. It's not. You want to be with the man you love. Be with him. I'm an indoor person, Liv. (Knock on door) Mellie, what are you... 
(Laughs) Surprise! (Laughs) Honestly, I had to come. The kids just left to go back to boarding school, and I'm not used to being all alone in the White House yet, so I just thought, why not come up here, see how the state of the union speech is going? It's going great. Yeah, I told Mellie our sessions have been very productive. Yes. Well, I would love to hear all about it over dinner, which is why I'm at your door. Fitz said you wouldn't want to have dinner, but I said, of course you would. Of course. 
 
 In a few moments, we're gonna take you live to the White House where former White House communications director Olivia Pope will hold a briefing. Pope, of course, was part of the storied team that ran President Grant's election campaign. When she left the administration, it was a move that surprised many. The choice to hand the podium to Pope is unusual, but I am told that there's been a lot of chatter of support  for Pope's display of patriotism... 
(Camera shutters clicking) In stepping up at this time of extraordinary crisis. President Grant is in surgery. His condition is described as critical, as is the press secretary. The first lady was unharmed. Any further updates about the medical condition of the President and press secretary Britta Kagen will come from the chief of surgery at the hospital, not from this podium. Specific questions about the attack are being handled by the FBI. Ashley. Is the Vice President acting as President? The President is still the President. There are reports the first lady is being treated for... The first lady is not being treated. Why haven't we seen her then? The first lady is staying at the President's side. She was not harmed. The Vice President just landed on the South lawn. Why isn't she briefing us instead of you? The Vice President isn't briefing you because our national security protocols demand that her safety be secured above all. Where's Huck? 
-I think he had a date. I wonder if he told her he used to be a spy. (Ashley) So the secret service took her from the oval office and just threw her in the basement? Nobody threw anybody anywhere, Ashley. If I'm ever shot, I want her running the press conference. Makes you wonder why she ever left the White House. ...And equipped with state-of-the-art communications and a highly trained staff. Livvie. (Indistinct conversations, phone ringing) I haven't seen you. I'm busy. I'm busy, too, however, I'm not sending my aides to meetings in an attempt to avoid you. I'm busy. (Lowered voice) Olivia, I miss you. You walked her to my cabin door. I didn't have a choice. I don't know what you expect. I don't want to be in this. This is... I am not this person. Look... (Lowered voice) I know this is difficult. Difficult? Are you... Ahem. Somehow, I've become this person who... I have no words. We are together. (Whispers) That's all that matters. Really? Because I'm feeling a little, I don't know, Sally hemings/thomas Jefferson about all this. I have to go. Livvie. I have to go. I have a meeting with Cyrus. I'm afraid we're just backed into a corner on this one, verna. When Sally signed on to the campaign, Fitz had to promise that... I don't care what he promised. Justice Williams has a year, maybe two left in him, tops, before he retires, so we'll get another shot at this. You're a slam dunk for the next spot on the court, but we can't just... Have you two lost your minds? I whored every ounce of my integrity to get that man elected, and here you are, sitting on mount Olympus, telling me to go be a good mortal, and we'll send down some nectar when we find the time. No, sir. No how. Make it happen. (Door closes) The Detroit teachers union seems to have decided that now would be a good time to go on strike. Kim jong-il is engaging in some fairly serious saber rattling in the yellow sea, and there have been six more allegations of sexual misconduct at the n.A.T.O. Base in east Sudan. So it's an easy day. Oh, I also got a call from some reporter about some kind of voting irregularities in Ohio, but it's nothing I can't handle. What was their name? Oh, Richard something. I'll take care of it. No, I got it. Give me his number. Huck, it's Olivia Pope. Can you do me a favor? Morris. Ms. Pope. I gave him some funyuns... Thank you. But I couldn't let him on the grounds. I understand. Huck? The reporter you asked about got his information from a Jesse Tyler. He's an employee of Cytron software in palo alto, California. Where have you been living? A halfway house on 6th street. Huck, you live with me now. But some clippers, give yourself a haircut, take a shower. And, Huck? Yeah? Take that shower before you touch anything in my apartment. Mm-hmm. A Jesse Tyler is calling some reporter, hinting at voter fraud in Ohio. That boy's proving to be a right pain in my oysters. You know him. Been calling my office, looking to shake me down. Appears he's trying to call my bluff. You need to handle this. Don't you worry a bit about it. Young Mr. Tyler's punching way above his weight. I got this, darlin'. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Crickets chirping) What's wrong? (Sighs) You pace in circles when something's wrong. When you're just thinking, it's back and forth, but when something's wrong... Circles. Did you need something, Mr. President? See, you used to sound sexy when you called me "Mr. President." Now it just sounds like I'm a gym teacher. Did you need something? The Sally hemings- 
Thomas Jefferson comment was below the belt. Because it's so untrue? You're playing the race card on the fact that I'm in love with you? 
(Scoffs) (Laughs) Come on. Don't belittle us. It's insulting and beneath you and designed to drive me away. I'm not going away. I don't have to drive you away. You're married, you have children, you're the leader of the free world. You  are  away. By definition, you're away. You're unavailable. So this is about Mellie? N-no! This is... (Crying) I smile at her and I take off my clothes for you. I wait for you. I watch for you. My whole life is you. I can't breathe because I'm waiting for you. You own me. You control me. I-I belong to you. I... You own  me! You you. You think I don't want to be a better man? You think that I don't want to dedicate myself to my marriage? You don't think I want to be honorable, to be the man that you voted for? I love you. I'm in love with you. You're the love of my life. My every feeling is controlled by the look on your face. I can't breathe without you. I can't sleep without you. I wait for you. I watch for you. I exist for you. If I could escape all of this and run away with you... There's no Sally or Thomas here. You're nobody's victim, Liv. I belong to  you. We're in this together. (Footsteps depart) We're gonna be here all night with you. Once again, some three hours ago, President Grant was shot entering his birthday gala a... I'm being told right now that White House press secretary Britta Kagen succumbed to her injuries in surgery and was pronounced dead only moments ago. Britta Kagen was 32 years old. She has 2 daughters, ages 5 and 3. She started her career here at BNC. (Paper rustles) Let's go to Vanessa Leone who's live at the vigil in Lafayette Square. (Cell phone rings) You all right? They just let us out of the bunker. What the hell is going on over there? What do you mean? The Vice President is making a play. She spent the last two hours lobbying cabinet members about signing over the presidency to her. She  what? All she needs is a majority... Eight signatures, and she's home. She's two away. Traitorous bastards. Jeannine, get the cabinet in here. The whole... Yes! The whole cabinet. Cyrus, there's another way. Sally set the narrative that Fitz is dying, on top of which there's all sorts of rumors about Mellie and the baby. People are scared. There's only one person who can turn this around, who can assure the public, and stop Sally in her tracks. (Whispers) Mellie. (Gasps) Is he dead? (Normal voice) What? They told me when they took him into surgery there was a chance he might die on the table. They seemed kind of scared of me, so I thought they'd ask you to come in and tell me that he was dead, which would be... Is he? I don't... I don't know anything. No. (Exhales deeply) Mellie, I'm sorry, but I need to talk to you a... Don't  sit down next to me like we are friends. Sally Langston is knocking on the door of the oval office. You need to make sure the American people don't open the door and let her in. (Gasps) (Sighs) I'll need something to wear. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Apparently, everything is color-coded. There are tags on each dress indicating the date and the event. Shoes have corr... Thank you. But there's more. Thank you. (Door closes) (Crying) (Sniffs) That's the constitution, the actual constitution. You want to touch it? I'm not touching it. Touch it. No. There are, like, six people in the last hundred years who touched the constitution. Be the seventh. You be the seventh. I'm the sixth. I touched it four seconds ago. You didn't wait for me. It's the constitution. (Whispers) Wow. (Whispers) Wow. "We the people." That's just... That's... Just... That's everything. (Whispers) It's a new world. It's a new world. (Whispering) I love you, too. I'm in love with you, too. (Sniffles) (Whispers) So we're in this together? We're in this together. (Crying) (Sobbing) (Stops crying) (Sniffles) (Clears throat) (Sniffles) (Sighs) (Inhales and exhales deeply) Let's talk about the first lady. If, God forbid, her husband were to die, things would happen rapidly for her. Jackie Kennedy was forced to discuss housekeeping details with lady bird Johnson four days after the assassination of President Kennedy, and she was out of the White House within two weeks of his death. One hopes that Mellie Grant, pregnant with America's baby, would be afforded a far different outcome. First of all, I'd like to offer my condolences to the family of Britta Kagen. 
(Camera shutters clicking) She served this country honorably, and we all owe her an enormous debt. I'd like to thank Hal Rimbeau, the secret service agent who took a bullet last night but continues to stand watch over my family. I would also like to thank those of you who have put my husband in your prayers. Not only is my husband a religious man, he's a man who believes that hope has power. So... Having America pulling for him... (Sighs) Well, that just means the world to him. Now... About my husband's health... There have been rumors... Rumors that are not only hurtful to my family, they are hurtful to this country, so let me put them to rest. America has a President... A living President, and his name is Fitzgerald Grant. He hasn't given up on you, so please don't give up on him. (Camera shutters clicking) Thank you. (Camera shutter clicks) (Mellie) Get his good side, gentlemen. Focus on her. She's better-looking. (Laughs) Oh, your flag pin. What? Your flag pin's missing. Oh, I must have lost it somewhere. (Chuckles) (Clicking continues) It's called 50/50. You go out into the community for two years, tutor inner-city kids, build homes, help with environmental cleanup, work for next to nothing, and in return, we give you money for college. And your boss proves once again that he's a conservative in name only. We need you to help sell it. It's a boondoggle, but I'll sell it. Super. But let me remind you again that there is a vacancy in the supreme court, and I've made my decision. My choice is Bradley Hargrove. I want him trotted out in grand style, confirmed by congress, without so much as a scratch. I'll inform the President of your choice. Glad to be a team player, Cyrus. (Door opens) (Door closes) Do I have to do it, or can you? It has to be you. I need to talk to you privately. No. We are not getting back together. I want to give you something. Besides the last year of my life back? James. You won what I'm giving you. A story? A name. A nomination. Come on. They're saying hargrove, my nominee, had a juvenile record. Well, does he? He was 15. It was supposed to be sealed. We can counter this. It's not too late. No supreme court nominee recovers from a hit like this. Pay your maid with the wrong checkbook, and you're toast. But a criminal record? His nomination's as good as dead... Sally... And I think you killed it! I think you made promises you never intended to keep because you needed me on the ticket. Well, let me make a promise to you. I am in this for me now! Based on the gaggle, you can expect the usual "what'll be in the state of the union?" And the S.C.O.T.U.S. put Verna's name out there, so you'll get questions about that. Oh, and you may get asked about this explosion in California. What explosion? In Palo Alto, a software company blew up. Seven people killed. Terror connection? Uh, too soon to say. Could be an angry girlfriend. Anyway, the company's name is Cytron, if it comes up. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) What did you do? Did you blow up that office? Did you kill seven people? You said to take care of it. I took care of it. I didn't say to commit cold-blooded murder. We all done what we done. Can't get your cherry back. (Exhales) (Whispers) Seven people. Collateral damage. Jesse Tyler could've ended this presidency before it began. We're in this thing. There's no turning away if things get a tad messy. You don't get that, you're living in a fantasy. (Camera shutters clicking) He came through the surgery well. We were able to remove all three bullets, and his intracranial pressure is coming down, but he's still unresponsive. Okay. So what do we do now? We wait. How long? We don't know. Truthfully, it could be a day. It could be a week. You have got to give me something more, Dr. Carroll. You have got to, because "I don't know" is not an acceptable answer. There was a lot of damage, Mrs. Grant. At this point, he's lucky to be alive. (Crying) Even with the cabinet members' votes, there might still be a way to avoid this. Cyrus. We find any technicalities, even small ones, exploit them to their fullest. Cyrus, stop! It's over. (Pants) (Kisses) Oh. Excuse me. Sorry. We're celebrating. What's the occasion? I-I... He asked me to marry him, and I said yes. And we're gonna have a wedding and a baby and a house in Georgetown with a garden. - Eh. Oh, do you need to talk to him? Because I'm engaged. I could go plan things. Okay. (Chuckles) (Door opens and closes) What is it? That explosion in California... Cytron... That was Hollis. (Gasps and exhales deeply) Thought it might be. He killed seven people, Cy, and he's setting some poor innocent girl up for it. Her name's Lindsay Dwyer. How shall we handle this? What'll we do? There isn't anything we  can  do. What? There's always something we can do. Olivia, we're an hour and a half from the state of the union. We're an hour and a half from giving kids a chance to go to college, an hour and a half from changing this nation for the better, so what exactly would you have us do? Expose what we did? Have Fitz resign? Make Sally Langston the President of the United States? Hollis is a dangerous person. We won. Hollis isn't a threat to us. No one's a threat to us, because we  won. And it is sad what happened to those seven people, it is heartbreaking, but they gave their lives in service to their country. Lindsay dwyer will give up her freedom in service to her country, and that makes them American heroes. That makes them patriots. And the best way that I can honor their sacrifice is to move on. Buckle down. Liv, how are you? Excited for the state of the union speech tonight? Yes. (Chuckles) I'm excited, too. I read a final draft of the speech. You and Fitz did an amazing job. Thank you, Mrs. Grant. Well, I have something of yours. The secret service found it. You know Hal, right? He's on p.O.T.U.S. Detail. He found it the night the President went to the national archives to view the constitution, which surprised me, because... If he'd gone to the national archives to view the original constitution of the United States, he would've invited his wife, but Hal said you were there. So... Mellie, I... We all want the same thing. You and me, Cyrus... We are a team. We got him in the White House, and we are going to keep him here. We are doing our patriotic duty, serving our country, working for the greater good. We just... Go about it differently, I suppose. You'll make sure Fitz gets this? (Whispers) Yes. Thank you, Olivia. (Applause) We gather this evening with a new mandate for America. The American people have made it clear that they want an end to partisan rancor, and every new President stands here vowing that things will be different,  and nothing changes, so listen to me carefully now. This time  will  be different. (Cheers and applause) (Indistinct shouting) I dedicate this presidency to bringing integrity back, responsibility back, governing back. And I will remind both my own party and those across the aisle every day, that we have the sworn duty, the sacred obligation to not just pay lip service, but to actually, finally, and definitively do better. (Cheers and applause) And so I leave you with this pledge. At this time, in this place, with this presidency, it... will... be... different. (Cheers and applause) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I, Sally Margaret Langston, do solemnly swear... (Reed) President Sally Langston makes history today as not only the first President to take office under section 4 of the 25th amendment, but also as the first female commander in chief. And will, to the best of my ability... And will, to the best of my ability... The President remains in... And I call him "President" because technically, he is still President as well... President Grant remains in critical condition. There is no more information on his status at this time. (Verna) So help you God? So help me God. Congratulations, madam President. Thank you. All we can do as a nation is pray. (Monitor beeping rhythmically) The FBI is issuing  what's called a high alert, and they... they do have a description of a suspect. The suspect is dark-haired, average height and build, possibly with a buzz cut,  seen entering the Stanworth Hotel wearing a red hoodie. This is America's most wanted man. Average height, average build, wearing a red hoodie... In Washington, D.C., home of the Redskins, that narrows it down to about 100,000 people. Don't. 
(Sighs) We're gonna be here all night with you. Once again, at 8:05 Eastern standard time, some 14 hours ago, President Grant was shot entering his birthday gala. (Cheers and applause) (People screaming) (Gunshot) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 