Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 02x10 - One for the Dog - Scandal 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 02x10 - One for the Dog https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=12872 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 01/13/13 11:24 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 02x10 - One for the Dog 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 The person they're looking for, the one they think shot the President... that's me. 
 Previously on "Scandal"... 
 You set me up. 
 Yeah, I set you up. 
 You're mad right now because I had you. 
 But, Huck, you're missing the point. 
 We're alike. You're like me. We're built for each other. 
 What's your real name? 
 Does it matter? 
 I will leak to one of your liberal media papers that you have terminal cancer. 
 Step down from the bench, Verna. 
 I'm asking you nicely. 
 I could give you my letter of resignation, or I could give you the name of the man who tried to kill the President. 
 What's the charge? 
 This man is being held under the Patriot Act. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 The American people deserve to know  you,  Sally Langston, caught the President's shooter. 
 You haven't turned bashful on old Hollis. 
 I told the Attorney General I want to announce it tonight, in prime time. 
 So what's the holdup? 
 They're still interrogating the suspect. 
 Suspect. That boy's guilty as a chicken-feathered hound. 
 Well, they insist the evidence is circumstantial, that we need a confession before we announce. (Pen clicks) 
 Are y'all using enhanced interrogation techniques? 
 Yes, repeatedly. He's not cracking. 
 Maybe they need to  enhance  the enhancements. 
 (Squeaking) 
 (Huck grunting) 
 Aah! (Choking) 
 (Muffled screaming) 
 What is your name?! What is your name?! (Coughing) 
 Who are you working with?! 
 Aah! Aah! 
 (Choking) 
 (Grunts and exhales) 
 (Huck choking)  He hasn't answered any of our questions yet. 
 He will. They always do. 
 Eventually, they always do. 
 Uh, I'm just wondering about... 
 It really looks like he can't take much more of the waterboard... the interrogating... and I'm wondering maybe if we want to do a little less "interrogating" and maybe start thinking about his civil rights. 
 I'm a U.S. attorney, gentlemen. 
 I represent the United States of America. 
 The United States of America is in this room with you, so you need to watch how you treat the prisoner on American soil. 
 I represent the CIA, the Department of Homeland Security, the Patriot Act, and all the men and women who ever fought and died for your right to stand in this room with your glasses and your briefcase and spout your crap. 
 We're not on American soil. This is not America. 
 This is the Pentagon, and that is an enemy combatant. 
 Son, I represent the United States. 
 You understand? 
 The United States of America is in the room with you. 
 You're our guest here. 
 Shut your mouth. 
 (Buzzer sounds) Again. 
 (Static) 
 (Grunts) 
 (Groaning) 
 (Choking) 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 Verna. 
 What are you... Are you okay? 
 I'm so sorry, Liv. 
 It's all my fault. 
 What's your fault? What are you... 
 Huck. I'm the reason they took Huck away. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
  Where's Hollis? 
 Doesn't he usually host this dance? 
 Hollis Doyle is why I've asked you all here tonight. 
 (Indistinct conversations) 
 Can I, uh, buy you a drink? 
 Of course you can. 
 You work so familiar. You work for Hollis Doyle, right? 
 I think I've seen you on the Hill. 
 Oh, Hollis and my daddy go back a dog's age. 
 When I left U.T. and told daddy I wanted to move to Washington, he said Hollis was just the man to call. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 You don't say. 
 I went to see Hollis the other day. 
 Do you know he keeps a second phone in his office? 
 Locked it in his desk drawer the second he laid eyes on me. 
 It was a cheap little burner like the drug dealers use. 
 A phone? 
 You brought us here because the man has more than one phone? 
 My husband is clinging to life in a hospital bed. 
 Verna,  plenty  of people keep two phones. 
 In my day, they didn't. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicks) 
 (Clicking) 
 (Lock clicks) 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Clicks) 
 Well, thank you for keeping us all updated on Phonegate, Verna, but I have a husband waiting for me at home. 
 I'm sorry. I guess I'm old-fashioned, but when Hollis was talking to that Betsy or... or Becky, maybe, I could swear he was talking about the Stanworth Hotel. 
 Where the sniper who shot Fitz was. 
 Well, I was a tri delt, and she was a chi omega, so we were just never gonna work out as roommates, you know? 
 (Chuckles) I do know. 
 You know what the best thing about my new roommate is? - Mm. 
 She's out of town. 
(Laughs) 
 You want to get out of here? 
 Let's, uh, just talk some more. 
 I really want to get to know you better. 
 You know what? On second thought, uh, I actually don't want to get to know you better. 
 Thanks for the memories. 
(Kisses) Enjoy your night. 
 My sources in the White House tell me Hollis practically lives in the Oval now that Sally Langston's acting President. 
 He has done nothing but benefit from Fitz's absence. 
 Should we call the number? 
 No, just hold on to it. We may need it later. 
 You all know that ever since our first meeting, Hollis Doyle has been out for nothing but brute power. 
 He has lied for it. He's cheated for it. 
 He's killed for it. 
 And I've gathered you here tonight because I believe he is the one who tried to assassinate the President of the United States. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Keys jangle) What did you find out? 
 Maybe you could say hello and possibly kiss me before you start grilling me for information? 
 Hello. Come here. 
 What did you find out? 
 Nothing. 
 Edison. 
 Nothing. I found nothing, and I mean nothing. Not a whisper. 
 CIA, NSA, FBI... 
 No one anywhere is admitting that they have anyone in custody in connection with the attempted assassination of the President, which means... 
 They definitely disappeared him. 
 If you would give me the name of your client, maybe I could help you with the... 
 No. I told you, no name. 
 If I had a name, maybe I could get somewhere. 
 Sound like I know what I'm talking about when I'm out there fishing for answers. - I told you, if we're gonna be together, we need to have a Chinese wall. 
 Olivia, I'm trying to help you. 
 I know. 
 And I appreciate it. 
 Come here. 
 (Doorbell rings) 
 (Sighs) Saved by the bell. 
 I have an official letter for Senator Edison Davis. 
 You're getting letters at my house now? - Yes. 
 I'll need I.D. and thumbprint, sir. 
 (Beeps) 
 (Clicking) 
 (Beep) 
 Sign here. 
(Click) 
 And here. 
(Click) 
 And here. 
(Click) 
 Thank you. 
 What did you mean? 
 What? 
 "Saved by the bell"... What did you mean by that? 
 You're avoiding me. 
 I am not. 
 We haven't had s*x in a week. 
 The President was shot. 
 What does that have to do with our love life? 
 Fine. You want to have s*x? We can have s*x. Let's go. 
 I don't wanna have s*x if you're gonna have an attitude. 
 I don't have an attitude. 
 This is a symptom of whatever the hell is going on with you, just like you and your Chinese wall. 
 That is not... 
 You didn't even tell me that President Grant was going to ask to be reinstated. 
 What? - I am President pro tem of the senate, remember? 
 He's gotta send two letters... One to me and one to the speaker of the house. 
 Ah. Chinese wall. 
 Fitzgerald Grant sent you a letter asking to be reinstated to his full powers as President? 
 He's awake and conscious and he sent you a letter? 
 And you didn't know? 
 This is confidential information. 
 (Chuckles) Edison. 
 Where are you going? 
 Out. 
 Olivia, no one can know about this. 
 President Langston doesn't even know about this yet. 
 You cannot tell anyone. 
 Move out of my way. 
 Liv... 
 Move out of my way. 
 Fine. 
 (Keys jangle) 
 (Footsteps approach) 
 (Panting) 
 I can't believe you didn't call me the second he woke up. 
 And don't you dare use Mellie as an excuse, because I've seen how fast you can text on the sly. 
 My apologies. 
 No apologies. 
 He's awake. 
 (Scanner beeping whirring) 
(Exhales deeply) 
 Tom. Hal. 
 (Monitor beeping steadily) Is he resting? 
 In a matter of speaking. 
 Fitz. 
 Olivia. 
 He still hasn't woken up. 
 (Sighs) 
 What did you do? 
 Gentlemen, what have we got? 
 A blockade in the East Sudan straits. 
 The good news is that President Grant anticipated this move, and he put a plan in place to call an emergency session of the security council. 
 The U.N.? Are we appeasers, gentlemen? 
 No, ma'am. 
 Then recommendations on how we demonstrate that to the east sudanese. 
 Two clear options. 
 (Beep) We target the blockade directly using carrier assets in the Gulf of Aden... (Beep) 
 Or we strike the headquarters and military installations in and around the capital where kinyazi is based. (Beep) 
 I propose a third option. We do both. 
 (Door opens) 
 Ma'am? 
 (Lowered voice) We may have to hold off on military action. 
 Which of you forged his signature? - I did. 
 And you didn't try to stop her? 
 She called me after she submitted the letter. 
 Because I knew he'd try to stop me, and I didn't want to be stopped. 
 It's not the worst move. 
 It is absolutely the worst. 
 It's a federal crime. It's treason. 
 Forging the President's signature on a letter of reinstatement when he's not even conscious is... 
 Do you understand that we live in a democracy with laws and rules and civil discourse? 
 This is not Nicaragua. You can't just dic... 
 What, steal the White House? 
 Yes, we can. 
 Been done before. Will be done again. 
 What are you talking about is so far outside the law. 
 I can sign Fitz's signature in my sleep. 
 I can do it perfectly. Been doing it since he was governor. 
 But I did not sign this paper lightly. 
 I did not sign this without using my head. 
 I'm not some man reacting out of rage and then thinking later. 
 I am a woman. So I thought about it and I made my decision. 
 Someone shot Fitz three times, someone shot Hal, they  killed  Britta Kagen, and Hollis orchestrated it. 
 And now he's sitting pretty in the White House at the right hand of her majesty Sally Langston, whispering his dirt into her ears. 
 That is not okay. 
 And because we let that snake Hollis play in our garden for so long, we can't turn him in to the feds or turn him over to the cops or to the courts and wait for justice to be served, because we have to protect Fitz. 
 We have to protect secrets. 
 We all got in bed with the devil together and nobody wants to go to federal prison, so I wrote a letter and I signed it. 
 I broke the law, I broke the Constitution, and I would do it again. 
 The only way to get rid of Hollis without committing suicide is to get Sally out of there, whatever it takes. 
 What are the doctors saying? 
 The bullet in his head didn't cross the hemisphere. 
 I know what his injuries are. What's the prognosis? 
 That he could wake up in the next 72 hours and be fine. 
 Good. And if he doesn't... 
 Woodrow Wilson's wife ran the country for two years after his stroke, and no one was the wiser. 
 I could run it until he's ready to take the reins. - Cyrus. 
 We...  could run the country together. 
 Liv? 
 I'm thinking. 
 Yes, Tom? 
 I have the sat phone up. It's President Langston. 
 She would like to speak with President Grant. 
 (Chair scrapes floor) 
 Thank you. 
 (Door closes, phone beeps) 
 Sally, it's like a miracle. 
 All our prayers, the prayers you so ably led the American people in... 
 They've been answered. 
 I can't thank you enough. 
 The lord is good to all. 
 So, Mellie, I was hoping to schedule a visit. 
 A visit? 
 Yes, to offer your husband my personal congratulations. 
 Or we can chat on the phone if he'd like. 
 Is he awake right now? 
 He's sleeping. 
 Ah. 
 (Mouths words) 
 I'm sorry, Sally. The doctor's asking for me. 
 I will pass along your congratulations and best wishes. 
 Thank you so much for calling. Bye. 
 (Phone beeps) 
 She knows. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Door opens) David. 
 Pat. - Just wanted to see how things were going. 
 I can't tell you, because telling you would be a violation of the Patriot Act, and I could end up in the basement of the Pentagon being beaten and waterboarded to within an inch of my life. 
 Not that that ever happens. 
 Yeah. This is the hard part. 
 The hard part? 
 Being a U.S. attorney. 
 Keeping the balance between upholding the law and making sure Americans are safe. 
 It's a fine line. 
 But I put you in there because I thought you'd be the person that could walk it. 
 We're shredding constitutional amendments like confetti. 
 No. We're trying to figure out if some disaffected lunatic shot the President of the United States. 
 Look, no one wants to see you succeed more than I do, but you can't just talk about wearing the white hat. 
 You can't just fight the good fight. 
 We live in the real world. 
 Remember that. 
 (Cell phone ringing) 
 (Beep, door closes) 
 I haven't found out anything else. 
 (James) Nothing? 
 No. Not about Olivia. Not about any of them. 
 What's the problem? You've had a week. 
 I've been busy. 
 Too busy for the story of the century? 
 The President was shot. 
 There's a lot of stories of the century this week. 
 I'm not giving up on election rigging. 
 Don't worry. I'll get to it. 
 (Beep) 
 She thinks this is Becky's number. 
 I don't know. 
 Should we call it? 
 She said not to call it. 
 But it could lead us to Becky. It could help Huck. 
 If Hollis was calling Becky, that means he was behind the shooting, and then tried to frame Huck for it. 
 So why aren't we going to the police? Why aren't we getting Huck out of jail? 
 Huck's not in jail. 
 They took him under the Patriot Act. 
 That's not jail. That's... that's the dark side. 
 But still, why aren't we going to the authorities? 
 Why aren't we trying? Why are we just sitting here? 
 We're not just sitting here. Liv has a plan. 
 What plan? We're out of our depth. 
 Liv runs with the big dogs. And, you know, I'm starting to think... 
 What? 
 (Sighs) Liv worked for the White House. 
 The President was shot. Huck is in jail for doing it. 
 One of the richest men in the country... Hollis Doyle... might be behind it. 
 This is next-level stuff. Grassy knoll stuff. 
 There's a whole other layer of D.C., you know, where real politics happen, where decisions are made... 
 Not about democracy or the flag... about power. 
 This is about things that go bump in the night, stuff regular Americans never hear about. 
 This is the real deal. 
 We don't question Liv on this. 
 Everyone. 
 We have a new client. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Clicking) 
 Do they take me for a fool? For an absolute child? 
 What did the First Lady say when you called? 
 Oh, I was treated to some sort of... I don't even know what... 
 A performance, amateur theatrics. 
 You thinking what I'm thinking? 
 (Sighs) They could have a stone-cold corpse over there, and they'd all be swearing he's alive and well and fixing to run a half-marathon. 
 Well, I have a duty to the American people. 
 A solemn, sworn duty, by God, you do. 
 But if I challenge this reinstatement letter, I risk seeming like a power-grabbing opportunist. 
 In a game of Texas hold'em... 
 And that's all life ever really is... 
 You never want to tip your hand. 
 So you get someone else to do your bidding. 
 If I leak that letter to the press, then they'll ask the questions I can't ask myself. 
 And you swoop in at the end and rake up all the chips. 
 I have in my hands, a copy of the letter of reinstatement President Grant signed just hours ago. 
 Cable and nets are wall-to-wall with it. 
 Someone leaked the letter. 
 Wonder who. 
 They're gonna want to see the President. 
 And by "they," he means everyone on planet Earth. 
 Harrison, find a friendly doctor. Make them a hero. 
 You want me to lie to the world? 
 Lie? Hell, no. That would be in conflict with both of our ethical standards. 
 We took oaths, right? 
 Would you say that the President's recovery has been miraculous thus far? 
 Given the injuries, it's certainly impressive. 
 So just short of miraculous? 
 Quinn, go with him. We need an anecdote from a well-placed and unimpeachable inside source. 
 I'm a terrible liar. 
 I'm not your man, ma'am. 
 No, it's not a lie. It's just a story. 
 You've told a tall tale to a kid before, right, for fun? 
 No, ma'am. 
 (Man) ♪ My lady Cyrus, assure the power players... 
 The Hill, the cabinet, senior White House staff. 
 You need to live this lie. 
 Act like Fitz' return is a foregone conclusion. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 Well, that depends on the timing... Cyrus. 
 Excuse me. What are you... 
 Don't mind me. Just grabbing a few briefing books. 
 The President is ravenous for east Sudan intel. 
 Oh, and take your time clearing out of here. 
 The end of the day'll be just fine. As you were. 
 ♪ 
 The news is encouraging, but questions are swirling about the President's abilities to function, given the seriousness of the injuries. 
 Focus on the positive. His improvements are miraculous, and his mobility shows signs of full recovery. 
 His movements are involuntary. He's not even conscious. 
 (Imitates buzzer) That's a negative. 
 Movement at this stage... Involuntary or not... shows signs of full recovery, right? 
 Right, but... 
 No "but"s. Stay positive. You're a miracle worker, plain as day. 
 Don't let anything get in the way of that. Hmm? 
 Abby, call Kimberly Mitchell's producer. 
 Leak that I just returned from the hospital, where I visited with the President. Pretend you're going behind my back. 
 Are you sure you wanna lie to the press? 
 I know what I'm doing. Just make the call. 
 (Clears throat) Jeff, it's Abby Whelan. 
 Look, you've got to give me something. 
 Anything. Off the record, at least. 
 He's in remarkable shape, but he's not gonna go public until the wound on his head is a little more healed, till the hair grows back. 
 Is he worried about the perception with our allies? 
 Our enemies? 
 Oh. I said enough. 
 What? 
 (Sighs) This stays between us? 
 Of course. 
 The First Lady thinks he's a little vain. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 Mellie, move back into the residence. 
 I'm going to set you up with one interview. 
 It's the only one you'll do. 
 Gesture and smiles only as you walk out that door. 
 ♪ 
 
 
 
 He is  so  looking forward to speaking to the American people and thanking them for their devoted support. 
 He might want to wait till the scars heal to do that. 
 Am I right? 
 (Chuckles) Well, you said it, not me, but yes. 
 Between you and me, he's a little bit vain. 
 Given the injuries, I'm a woman of science, so I don't use words like "miracle," but in my 25 years, this is as close as I've come. 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 So obviously, we'll continue to monitor his progress going forward. 
 But I'm not funny. Let the words do the work. 
 Trying to remain strong... 
 You know, he told a joke just after he woke up. 
 You wanna hear it? 
 According to this White House source, soon after waking up, the President told the First Lady, "Next birthday? Let's order takeout." 
 And so it's just a matter of when doctors release the President. 
 The dark cloud has lifted over the country, as the President is clearly out of the woods and ready to take office. 
 (Monitor beeping steadily) 
 (Projector and camera shutter clicking) 
 (Water running, shuts off) 
 (Toothbrush scrubs) 
 (Sighs deeply) 
(Jangles and clatters) 
 Why aren't you happy? 
 What? 
 You should be happy. 
 You thought the President was dying. Now he's awake, which is a miracle. 
 Yes. 
 An actual miracle. 
 A-call-the-Vatican miracle. 
 I mean, with that kind of gunshot wound to the head, even in the best circumstances... 
 Well, to be up and talking and ready to resume office so soon after that kind of traumatic brain injury... 
 No delayed motor skills or aphasia... 
 (Chuckles) Saints be praised. Miracle, right? 
 Aphasia? 
 That's a word you use in sentences now? 
 It is. I quit my job because you said the baby would be here. 
 The baby you say exists and is waiting for us but isn't here... 
 I told you the baby has jaundice and a social worker is working to have the paternal rights severed. 
 The baby isn't here, so I've got nothing to do all day but to research gunshot wounds to the head on the Internet and call a few of my expert sources at Johns Hopkins. 
 The experts, by the way, agree with the Internet... miracle. 
 Maybe we shouldn't pick up the baby at all, I mean, if you're too busy. 
 Cyrus... 
 I could call the social worker and let her know that you're not ready, what with your research on miracles taking up so much of your time. 
 I want the baby. 
 'Cause you just said you quit your job, but I noticed you haven't given up your White House hard pass. 
 Also when I called the "Times," they said you sill worked there. 
 They know I'm planning on quitting, and I will, just as soon as we get the baby. 
 Great. That's a relief. 
 Because that little girl isn't going to raise herself, is she? 
 No, she is not. 
 Still, adoptions go wrong all the time. 
 Right? Wouldn't get your hopes up. 
 (Clatter) 
 It might take a miracle to get a baby in your arms. 
 (Door slams) 
 (Grunting) 
 Aah! 
 (Coughs) Ohh! 
 (Spits) 
 (Panting) 
 You can talk. You can not talk. It's up to you. 
 But I gotta tell you something. If you don't, you're get the death penalty. You're gonna fry. 
 And I'm betting that President Grant... he's gonna throw the switch on you himself. 
 (Breathing heavily) What? 
 You're gonna fry at the hands of President Grant. 
 Now... you talk to me... 
 I'll... 
 Maybe I can get you a life sentence... - I'll talk. 
 I'll talk. I'll talk. 
 Well, there we go. 
 But not to you. To them. 
 I'll talk to you! 
 I'll tell you everything you want to know! Everything you need to know. But you have to come out from behind the glass. Just come out, and I'll talk to you. Just come out. I'll talk. I'll talk. I'll talk. I'll talk to you. (Breathing heavily) 
(Camera beeps) Is it on? (Beeps) 
(Panting) Start talking. Is the President still alive? (Man) You can start with your name. Is the President still alive? I'm asking the questions. I have one question first. Is he still alive? You got one last chance. Is he still alive?! For crap's sake! Yes, he's still alive. Then he's still in danger. She's not done. If he's alive, she's not done. Shut it down. She's coming back to finish the job. Shut it down! It's not over. It's not over. You hear me? It's not over. Turn off the camera. 
(Huck screaming) Turn off the camera. Right now! Turn off the damn camera! (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Sighs deeply) (Ring) (Click) (Sets down phone) (Footsteps approach) (Door closes) I know where Huck is. They're torturing him. They skipped the sleep deprivation and electric shock elements of the program, went right to the free skate... waterboarding. They've been at it for three days, but he won't crack. They can waterboard him for three months. He won't crack because he didn't do it. I don't know if he did it or not... I'm telling you. And we know how good your word is. Look, the point is, it's a matter that needs to be decided in a court, not a torture chamber. He did tell them something. What? - That the President's still in danger and whoever shot him will be back to finish the job. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I need a meeting with Sally. Do you wanna come talk about Grant's actual condition? Because this whole he's-halfway-to-doing... push-ups-on the White-House-lawn bit is wearing awful thin. The man you're torturing in the Pentagon isn't the person who shot President Grant. But he knows who did, and he can help Sally find her. You mean your employee, who you were harboring in your office. We gave you a hell of a break on that one. Thank you. But the fact remains you have the wrong person in custody, and he will die at your hands rather than confess to a crime he didn't commit. And you and Sally can't get the media bump without the confession, so... Why on earth would I release him? On your say-so? Because this somehow feeds the charade that Fitzgerald Grant is awake? I wasn't elected yesterday, Olivia. I know political kabuki when I see it. President Grant's life is still in danger. I know it's a leap of faith... Leap of faith? It's swallowing tacks and expecting to puke up a unicorn. These are your experts, Sally. You called them, not me. So why don't we listen to what they have to say? Gentlemen. The prisoner was the star of the B-613 program. Which means? That the United States government funneled millions of dollars into teaching him how to execute a target without getting caught. The prisoner's also one of the best trackers the agency has ever seen. His dossier, ma'am. And you are telling me that none of the literally thousands of intelligence agents I have at my disposal can do what this man can do? Read the summary on pages four and five, ma'am. (Pages rustle) (Papers rustle) How would we go about it? (Muffled screaming) (Buzzer sounds, door opens) (Huck groaning) Ohh! 
(Door closes) Hello, gentlemen. Where the hell do you think you're going? Me? I'm not going anywhere. But you all might want to pack it in, because, fellas, you're back on American soil. (Huck continues groaning) By executive order, this man is to be released. What? - President Sally Langston has ordered that you stop torturing this United States citizen and let him go immediately. (Huck panting) (Car departs) We don't have a lot of time. (Panting) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) What is this? A transfer form requesting the President be moved to camp David effective immediately. I need you to sign his name. Why are we moving him? You don't need to know  why  we are transferring him. You just need to sign. Several reasons. It's safer, it's a lot easier to control the guest list, and the press has no access to the place. It takes him out of the Capitol. It makes him look weak. He's unconscious. He  is  weak. (Sighs) (Pen clicks) (Scribbling continues) Thank you. (Door opens) How are you holding up? Me? I'm fine. (Sighs) It's not easy living a lie, pretending everything's perfect when it's not. I learned that lesson a while ago. (Sighs) I keep asking myself, what am I gonna do? I mean, I-I can keep the stories going for so long until... But if he never wakes... What am I gonna do? What are  you  gonna do? Do you ever wonder that? What you're gonna do without him? Mellie, you need to pull it together. You have one job here... holding off Sally. I'm doing everything else, so get a grip. Okay? Fine. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I'm not trying to be difficult, Senator. Exactly what is your role here anyway? I'm simply telling you the President isn't accepting visitors. On whose authority? When Olivia gets here... You can ask me yourself. Thank you, Harrison. I'll be down the hall if you need me. Hello. Haven't seen you in two days. I've been working. You haven't been home in two days. I have been working. You're not taking any of my calls. Again... Liv. Every third time you call, I answer. So you have a system for avoiding my calls? That's why you're here? Because I haven't been answering my phone to your satisfaction? I'm here to see the President. He's not accepting visitors. You're a visitor. I'm his... You're his what? I'm his friend. Yeah. You should go. I'm not leaving until I see him. You're not seeing him. Okay. You all may have done a masterful job with the press and the American public, but Sally Langston is whispering to anyone who will listen that all is not right here in Camelot. Sally has a right to her opinion, but I'm not gonna dignify it with a response. Olivia, if that letter from President Grant was forged, there will be joint congressional hearings and letters of impeachment. The chief justice of the supreme court will turn the senate chamber into a courtroom, and you will be the star witness for the prosecution. Forging that letter or helping whoever did forge that letter is staging a coup. It's an act of domestic terrorism. You have no idea what you're talking about. I am the leader of the senate. If my job description requires, I won't hesitate to prosecute you to the full extent of the law. And guess what. I make the law. So you talk it over with whomever you need to talk it over with and then you let me know when the President is ready to see me. Good-bye, Edison. They're moving Fitz to camp David. Their mamas didn't raise no fools. It's a smart play. Hide him away from media scrutiny, run out the clock. Something has got to be done. This uncertainty is bad for the country, bad for the markets, bad for our image around the world. We look weak to our adversaries, confused to our friends. Something's gotta be done. Hollis? Plausible deniability, Madam President. I'm handling it. Don't you worry a bit about it. (Door closes) The President is in fact doing well enough that preparations are underway to move him to camp David, where he will be able to further recuperate as well as be briefed on the events of the last few days, including the situation in east Sudan. The First Lady will undoubtedly... (Cell phone rings) 
 be joining him at camp David. (Beep) Hey. Yeah, I'm watching it right now. (Reporter continues indistinctly on tv) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) I'll be ready. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Baby fussing) Wash your hands. Yeah, I was just... I-I don't need to be in here or get in the way. I only wanted to look at her through the glass, and... and she wasn't there. She's over here in the back, so you have to come in. It's great if you come in. She needs to be held. She needs to bond with you. (Fusses) You know what? I probably shouldn't. I mean, all the papers aren't signed, and I-I was just stopping by. You're gonna be her father, right? Come and meet your daughter. It's fine. (Cooing) Oh. Would you like to hold her? H-hi. (Fusses) She's clearly very intelligent. Yes, she is. (Whispers) Hi. Hi, cutie. (Baby voice) Hi. 
(Speaks indistinctly) That's right. That's a good smile. That's right. I'm gonna be your daddy. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. Yes, I am. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) Map of the motorcade route, courtesy of the secret service. Thanks. You might also find this interesting. What is this? - The number we pulled off Hollis Doyle's burner phone. If it's Becky's, we'll have our proof that Hollis is the one who hired her. Huck, is there any chance... No. Becky's a professional. If she gets a call from anyone but Hollis on this number, she'll spook. Liv? I won't let you down this time. Promise. (Monitor beeping steadily) (Clicking) (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Rifle clicks) (Siren wailing in distance) (Cell phone rings) (Ring) (Beep) (Huck) Hi, Becky. 
(Huck's voice) Hi, Becky. (Scoffs) They're not moving him to camp David tonight, are they? No. And by the time I reach for my gun, you'll have put four bullets in me? Five. One for the dog. (Man) Drop the gun! Get on your knees! Show me your hands! Show me your hands! Let me see your hands! (Man) Down on your knees! 
(Men shouting indistinctly) (Man) Put the gun down! It's Kate. What? My real name... 
(Man) - All right, move it in. It's Kate. Okay. (Grunts) What's your name? Does it matter? (Handcuffs click) (Man) All clear. Take 'em down. (Man) Clear that weapon. (Man) In five... four... Three, two... My fellow Americans, for the past week, our nation's law enforcement agencies have been working tirelessly around the clock,  searching for those responsible for the grave and cowardly attack on President Grant. The search is over. I can report tonight that we have in custody the assassin who allegedly killed Britta Kagen and shot President Grant nearly to death. The justice department has determined that the assassin worked alone. (Knock on door) Was that a knock? Someone check on the door. Got it. ...In your prayers. I also ask that while the Attorney General and her capable team finalize their investigation, that we not resort to baseless speculation or rumor. In this time of uncertainty, I can assure you that our government is functioning to its fullest ability. We have informed our friends abroad of this situation and have their complete support. We're releasing him to your custody. Thank you. Let us show the best... 
(Handcuffs clicking) of our nature in thanks for these blessings. (Keys jangle) Whatever the motive behind this brutal attack, I pray that we might find comfort in  psalm  27. (Door opens)  "The lord protects me from all dangers. I will never be afraid." And we will not be afraid. This country... Welcome home. is strong, and all those who seek to harm our leadership or our fellow citizens should remember that at the foundation of America is a resolve for justice, and we will get justice for these sad events. Thank you, good night, and God bless America. (Projector and camera shutter clicking) (Knock on door) (Door opens) Madam First Lady, come right in. Acting President Langston, thank you for inviting me down. I see you've been redecorating. Oh, I just moved in some family photos and set aside that dusty old ship Fitz had on the desk. Oh, that dusty old ship was a gift from George Bush Sr., but whatever. It'll all be going back soon enough. Mm. Some light reading? It's the east Sudan briefing. There's only so much "what to expect when you're expecting" one can take, and the President likes me to stay up on things. Especially now, I'm sure. How do you mean? Well, as he recovers his full capabilities. (Laughs) Oh. The President is sharp as a tack. It really is quite remarkable. Unbelievable, one might say. Modern medicine. I've just done some fascinating reading myself. Mm? On graphology. It's... The study of handwriting. Yes. Much of it is rather dry and somewhat impenetrable, but other insights are fairly easy to digest. For example, the "t"-bar. I'm not familiar. Well, it's quite elegant in its simplicity, really. You see, when a right-handed person writes the letter "t," they make the cross at the top go from left to right. But when a left-handed person makes the "t"-cross, it goes from right to left. Now the President is left-handed, but his First Lady is not. (Paper rustles) Fitzgerald Thomas Grant. Three "t's" in all, as it happens, (chuckles) There's an old saying... An expert is someone who's read one book. I'm quite sure I could find an actually accredited graphologist who will swear that Fitz signed that piece of paper, particularly given that he's still recovering his full motor skills resulting from a gunshot wound to the head. And will you also find a doctor? Because I have a sworn affidavit from one of President Grant's physicians at James Madison hospital saying that your husband has failed to so much as open his eyes. Madam First Lady, you will withdraw this letter of reinstatement, or I will have no choice but to reveal it for the humiliating forgery it is. Cyrus? There's no miracle. What? Fitz... He's not awake. He's not talking. He's not anything. There's no miracle. We lied. Report it. Don't report it. I don't care anymore. It doesn't matter. I just called my boss and quit. I'm not a reporter anymore. I'm not chief of staff anymore. (Sighs) Let's go get our baby. Let's. Okay. (Cell phone rings) (Sighs) (Ring) (Sighs) Cyrus Beene. (The staple singers) 
♪ Oh, man, you heard enough ♪ trying to live a risking life ♪ Did you need something, Quinn? ♪ Don't go out and buy a Cadillac ♪ I do. I need to know why you aren't on the phone right now with the FBI, telling them about Hollis Doyle. I'm pretty sure he blew up Cytron and killed my boyfriend and ruined my life. And don't say he didn't, because I really, really think he did. And he hired an assassin to shoot the President of the United States, and you're not doing a single thing about it. I need to know why. I need you to start talking. ♪ That's one reason there are so many people ♪ Okay. Okay? ♪ Lord Let's talk. ♪ I'm not trying to tell you how to do it ♪ 
♪ I'm only saying put some thought into it ♪ (Cell phone rings) ♪ Be what you are, my friend (ring) (Beep) Hello? Someone wants to talk to you. ♪ Be what you are, my friend 
♪ and live the life Hi. 
♪ Be what you are, my friend Hi. 
♪ and live the life 
♪ I'm not trying to keep up with the Joneses ♪ 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 