Transcripts - Forever Dreaming :: 01x03 - Judgement Day - The Detectives 
 
 
 Transcripts - Forever Dreaming https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 01x03 - Judgement Day https://transcripts.foreverdreaming.org/viewtopic.php?f=302&t=18523 
 Page  1  of  1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Author:  
 bunniefuu  [ 05/27/15 21:22 ] 
 
 
 Post subject:  
 01x03 - Judgement Day 
 
 
 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 'You're investigating crimes now that carry a life sentence. Murders are easy, compared with this.' 
 We live in an age defined by one type of crime. 
 'A man's been charged following a rape in Manchester city centre earlier... Police have began a formal criminal investigation into the Jimmy Savile child abuse allegations... Grooming, rape...' 
 These crimes carry the harshest sentences, yet have the lowest conviction rates. 
 Muffled : Police! 
 Police! 
 (Shouting) 
 'I can't tell you you're going to believe every victim stood in front of you, and believe everything that's said. But the important thing is that victim believes that you believe them.' 
 Few detectives want to volunteer for the fight. 
 'You're always thinking, "I've got to get this right." You've just got to keep going, moving forward, to the next case. The word that I would use is relentless.' 
 These are the few. 
 'You might go into an interview thinking, "They've done it," and then come back out of the interview and you don't know what to think.' 
 This is the last part of the investigation. 
 It's as important as all the investigating and all the evidence gathering, but I know, for me, it's, um... it's the part that I'm the weakest at and I worry about it. 
 One of the biggest cases of detective Carol Barlow's career is going to trial tomorrow. 
 We're two years down the road now. 
 Um, the work that has gone into it, the man hours that have gone into it, is enormous, but this is the test now - it's at trial. 
 This is...this is the last hurdle - have we done enough? 
 Carol has been investigating abuse allegations against a friend of Jimmy Savile - Manchester DJ Ray Teret. 
 Two years' worth of work is now going to be presented to a jury. 
 You know, we deal with murder and other serious offences and, you know, we will take probably two or three boxes to court for a major investigation like that. 
 But this, because it's so extensive, we've generated an awful lot of material. 
 'So, I'm afraid, there's going to be a lot of heavy work today.' 
 That all it, from in here? 
 That's it from this ward, yeah. Okey doke. 
 'You always have that anxiety, "Is everything right?" "Have you done everything right?" "Is there anything you've missed?" ' 
 Videos... 
 'And that's the defence's job, is to look at where the holes are. So the anxiety on our part is, "Is the investigation fulfilled?" "Have we filled everything?" ' 
 The investigation began with five women making allegations against Teret. 
 When he was interviewed, Teret denied everything. 
 Ray Teret recording : Excuse me having my mouth wide open. 
 Carol and her partner Rod continued the investigation uncovering hidden evidence and more victims. 
 I didn't realise how it was going to spiral, and how many people were going to come forward. 
 We ended up with 17 victims and almost 40 charges relating to those victims. 
 "..between 05.03.72 and 04.03.75, at Manchester, rape a girl under 16 years, "contrary to Section 11 and Schedule 
2 of the Sexual Offences Act 1956." 
 Now, it's up to a jury to decide if Ray Teret is guilty. 
 'Unusually, I'm very anxious.' 
 It's been a very complex investigation and, er, it's...it's caused some trauma and some highs and lows throughout it, but, um... I'll be glad... I'll be glad to get started and I will more than be glad to finish it and I just hope and pray we finish with the right result for the ladies, because, if I'm feeling anxious, God only knows how they must be feeling. 
 Until recently, the team had 20 victims ready to go to court. 
 Satnav : Turn right. 
 But three have pulled out. 
 It's the detectives' job to keep the remaining 17 on board and willing to give evidence. 
 A member of Carol's team, Jill, is checking on one of the first victims to come forward in the case. 
 Hi, Cathy. 
 Hi. 
 How have you been? 
 Very up and down, really. 
 Right, is that one yours? 
 Yeah. 
 Right. 
 Thanks. 
 OK? 
 OK. 
 Ray was charged with 32 offences. 
 Out of the 32 charges, Cathy... 
 Yeah. 
 ..um, there are four that specifically relate to you, um, and that is the 5th of March, '72, and the 4th of March, '74, indecent assault of a female under the age of 14. That being yourself. 
 Yeah. 
 The 05.03.73 - 04.03.75, indecent assault of a female under the age of 14. 
 Between 05.03.72 - 04.03.75, rape of a female under the age of 16. 
 Between the dates of 05.03.72 - 04.03.74, rape of a female under the age of 16. 
 Yeah. 
 And again, that's yours. 
 So, they are the four offences that relate to you. 
 OK. Right. 
 (She sighs deeply) 
 Voice cracks : This is so scary, this. 
 I can't explain how scary it is just waiting for court. 
 But you know that we're going to be here for you? 
 I'm only on the end of a telephone. 
 I know. 
 And you can speak to me any time and...and I know that you feel that your...your support network is dissipating slightly, but... 
 I was going to ask you, you need to be there for me. 
 I will be there for you, you know I will. 
 I know, I know. 
 (She sniffs) 
 Carol : 'In the courtroom, there's going to be a judge, barristers, 'a jury of 12 men and women and people in the public gallery.' 
 So they're going to have to relay that entire emotional event to all these strangers in the courtroom, which is massive, it's massive and then, having done that, they will be subject to a cross-examination by the defence barristers. 
 And that is...is a really difficult process to get a witness through. 
 Once you get close to that trial, I think the nerves really, really start to kick in then. 
 And we know that there are a number of ladies who just don't think they're capable of doing that, and that will weaken the case, but the kind of crimes that it is, there is absolutely no way that we would force them to do that. 
 Um, you know, all we can do is try and support them and tell them we'll be there for them, you know, we'll help them through the court process, but they have to make their own decision. 
 You know, you're putting it right now, for you, and for future people like you. 
 I tell you, Jill, just putting it right has made such a difference to my life. 
 I really, really need this, for me. 
 Yeah. 
 I've held on and held on. 
 They are hard cases to prove, but it is the right thing that a jury should decide. 
 I've taken three trials to court that have all been not-guiltys. 
 You do sort of want to protect, you know, the victims that have come to you, but... 
 The only thing that I can really work with is the evidence and sometimes we'll never know the truth. 
 Trainee detective Ruth is called to the scene of a reported rape outside a nightclub in Manchester. 
 The victim was urinating in a disused office block when she says she was attacked, but was so drunk that she can't now remember details. 
 It's down to Ruth to piece together exactly what happened. 
 Right, so this is as far as we go. 
 Yeah. 
 Look in there. 
 No problem. 
 All we know is we've got the two corners where they've urinated. 
 Then it's occurred somewhere. 
 We just don't know as to exactly where in here, so that's why we have to treat it all like it could have been there, so that's why obviously we're just moving some of the rubbish to see if there's anything under the rubbish that they think... Obvious signs of disturbance, really. 
 We've taken a condom wrapper, er, but it looks quite old and dusty, so it's unlikely to be associated, but we've got it. 
 There's no actual condoms, um, you know, the rubbish has been... 
 There's just loads of, like, you know... takeaway, fast-food stuff and whatever. 
 Ruth belongs to the Serious Sexual Offences Unit - the SSOU - Greater Manchester Police's first dedicated rape unit. 
 Since it opened, reports of rape across the UK have soared. 
 (Telephones ring, buzz of conversation) 
 I'm sorry, I'm phoning from the Sexual Offences Unit. 
 Ruth's boss is Detective Sergeant Phil Steele. 
 Right, we've a bit to get through, sorry. 
 Anybody any plans today? 
 Cancel 'em. 
 The nightclub investigation is one of five new cases he's dealing with today. 
 'The hardest days, really, 'are the ones where you just don't get time to think.' 
 And you've probably come in a quarter of an hour before, er, start time. 
 The phone's already ringing, you've still got jobs left over from the day before, and there are two, three or four new jobs that have come in overnight. 
 Right, they'd been in a club and she's been with two friends, they've left the club. From what I've briefly gleaned, they've got in a taxi, as the taxi's set off, she's asked it to stop and she's got out and gone for a pee and, wherever she's gone, this lad has approached her and I think he says a comment like, "I want a bang," or something. 
 And then, he's gone on to, er, to rape her. 
 The first step for Ruth is to examine CCTV footage to see if it can help build a picture of what happened. 
 So, this CCTV shows the victim walking over until she's gone off the view. 
 And then, it also shows the male, who, like, follows the victim to where she's been last seen as well. 
 They then remain in that area until she's seen running out, hysterical. 
 You can see her leave in a taxi and, once she's left in a taxi, he then emerges... er, and then walks off. 
 Ruth tracks down a witness from the nightclub who claims she saw the whole incident. 
 Her interview paints a different picture to the victim's. 
 Yeah? 
 Let's say discrepancies occurred. I, um... 
 A staff member, so stone-cold sober, walks up there, he approaches her, asks her, um, like about, you know, "Is it still open?" She says she thinks he was looking for somebody. 
 The victim at the same time has gone across the road to the scene. 
 Um, the victim urinates outside the scene, not inside the scene. 
 She's then thrown a bag over, jumped over the fence, beckoned him into the scene, the witness has been in the car, been on the phone, so kept an eye on these two, I think. 
 Headlights on, she sees the victim against the red railing with her back to her and him penetrating her from behind, essentially, looking as though they're having s*x. 
 And we see the headlights shine them up. 
 He jumps down off into the lower bit of that ramp bit? 
 Mm-hm. 
 And she kind of dusts herself off as well, straightens her skirt up, her hair, is the impression I'm getting, and she also ducks out of sight as well, so the witness then pulls away and goes. 
 I just wonder why she's... why she's made the allegation, then. 
 The detectives have yet to interview the victim, but they face a dilemma. 
 If they tell her about the witness, it could affect her story. 
 If they don't, she won't know there is evidence that could undermine her if the case goes to court. 
 I'm not sure if it's fair to put her through video interview without speaking to her first. 
 She needs to know that there's a witness here, regardless of what she remembers, who is going to go to court and is going to basically not put her in a great light. 
 It doesn't mean it's not happened, but she needs to know this. 
 I think she needs telling, challenging. 
 She's going to be ripped apart. 
 She's going to be ripped apart in Crown Court. 
 Not necessarily. 
 You wouldn't let somebody commit to a statement... 
 Not necessarily going through the ins and outs of the statement, because, if she does have a memory, it could change that memory, but at the same time, explaining that somebody has witnessed it, and seen... Just go with the conversation from there. 
 The problem we've got with that is it's not, um... 
 It's a bit of a breach, really, of what we should be doing, isn't it? 
 That's what I said, because she said yesterday that she can't remember anything. 
 Yeah. 
 So let's see what she says, you know. 
 Yeah. 
 She might give a totally different account, say, "I've had s*x with this lad," 
 and then this has happened, we don't know what she's going to say, do we? 
 I'd just like a clear, unambiguous account from her and I'd like the... 
 I'm not saying, like, tell her the evidence, tell her that we've got a witness who's witnessed it all. 
 I just...I just think that first account needs to be untainted by anything we've told her outside of the room. 
 Right, crack on. 
 (Cameras click) 
 'Jimmy Savile's former flatmate and chauffeur will appear in court today. 
 'He's charged with abusing young girls over several decades. 
 'Ray Teret, who's 72, denies all the charges against him. 
 'The trial is expected to last eight weeks.' 
 Carol : It's first day of the trial today. 
 You just... I think you just go over and over, you know, "Is there anything you've missed?" 
 and what the defence are going to ask. 
 You can't help it. It's quite natural to be worried about what the defence are going to do. 
 Um, I was up at 1.30 drinking hot chocolate, with Mr Barlow. 
 And then, went back to bed and got up again at 4:45 and I thought... 
 The wind and the rain, I was lying listening to it. My head's buzzing and I thought, "I'll just get up." Get up and get ready. 
 So far, all 17 women are still willing to testify against Teret. 
 Most of their allegations date back to the '60s and '70s. 
 But there are some victims who say they were abused in the '80s. 
 Among those is Ellie. 
 Is this the third time you've been here now? 
 No, only the second. 
 Cos I was at... I was at Hanley before. 
 Right, OK. 
 OK. 
 Go one, after you, mate. 
 Thank you. 
 Rod takes her to a police interview facility to formally sign her statement. 
 Right, what we're going to do, Ellie, from your video interview, a statement's been prepared, so, I just want to read it out to you, see if you're happy with it, if there's any words that you want changing, or any phrases you want changing, then we'll do that and then prepare the version that you're happy with to sign. 
 OK. 
 OK? All right, do you want to follow us through? 
 "My name is Helen Moorcroft. I am known to everyone as Ellie. I made this statement following a recent news item that I heard on Radio Stoke that triggered a memory of an event that happened to me almost 30 years ago, when I was 15 years old. At the time of the incident, Ray Teret was in his 30s or 40s and looked a lot like Jimmy Savile and, because I was only 15 at the time, he seemed really old to me. 
 'Ellie had gone to a local radio station to watch a radio show being recorded.' 
 It wasn't Teret's show, but Teret was in the building and he offered to take her to a dance class that she had. 
 "Teret was supposed to drive me to the club, but when we got there, "he drove me past the club and we ended up on Leek Road. Once we had stopped on the waste ground, "Teret tried to pull me towards..." Are you OK? 
 "..tried to pull me towards him to give him a kiss. He leaned over to try and kiss me. There was no way in a million years that I wanted him to touch me. I cannot remember the exact words Teret used, but he made it clear that I couldn't go until I'd made him feel a bit better." 
 'I... You know, I couldn't go until I... sort of made him... made him feel a bit better.' 
 I was actually a virgin at the time, I had never been with anybody, and I didn't know how to... I told him I didn't know what to do. 
 'I told him I needed to get back and he said, "Well, the quicker you do it, the quicker you can get back and nobody needs to know anything about it." ' 
 (She sniffs) 
 Do you want me to stop for a minute? 
 No, I'm OK. 
 You all right for me to continue? 
 (She sighs deeply) 
 'He didn't build a relationship with Ellie of any description. He just saw that opportunity and, er, and took what he wanted.' 
 You've had this inside you for all those years. 
 And now, we're at the stage, he's arrested, he's charged, now it will go through the court process. 
 And there will be a few highs and a few lows for you over these next few weeks. 
 I mean, I honestly never, ever thought we'd be at this stage, ever. 
 Why? 
 Just... 
 Probably just because it was so long and, you know, it was just something that happened to me. 
 Mm-hm. 
 It wasn't something that had happened to 15 other women, it was just me, as far as I was concerned. 
 There wasn't anybody else saying anything, so... 
 You know, if it hadn't been for all the Jimmy Savile information coming forward, it'd still be, as far as I'm concerned, something that just happened to me, and not...lots of other women. 
 But it's gotta stop, really, now. 
 I don't think it... It can't affect my life for ever and ever. 
 I've got to draw a line under it. 
 Haven't we, Rod? 
 Say again? 
 I've got to draw a line under it soon and... 
 And it's getting to that point, in't it? 
 Yeah. 
 Hopefully, that's it now. No more crying. 
 Nothing wrong with that, Ellie. 
 'The prosecution has opened its case in the trial against Ray Teret. The Manchester DJ, who befriended Jimmy Savile, is charged with abusing schoolgirls in the '70s and '80s. Today, the first victims testified against him. Ray Teret, 72, denies all the charges against him.' 
 Have you anything to say, Mr Teret? 
 (Cameras click) 
 
 
 
 After six hours in the witness box, Cathy's testimony is over. 
 'Walking into the court, I didn't know if my legs would hold me at first.' 
 There was a screen up. 
 I didn't see Teret and his cronies. 
 And I thank God for that, cos I don't know if I could've done it, had I had to look at him. 
 And when I was there, I didn't think I'd done...I'd done OK, I felt. 
 But I wasn't... I was just doing it. 
 Once I got my feedback that I'd done OK, I felt...easier. 
 But it did churn me up, it did. 
 The whole process, I found it churned up, but I'm glad I did it. 
 I'm glad I didn't let that fear stop me. Because that was so... 
 It would've been so easy to pull out. 
 Cathy was followed by three other women who say they too were groomed by Teret, at the same time and in the same place. 
 Ellie's case is different. 
 It's a one-off incident, which means it's her word against Teret's. 
 She's travelled to Manchester to testify tomorrow. 
 The most important thing for me is not to be attached to the outcome, which is advice I've got from my sister, that all I've got to do is go and say my piece. 
 Important for me tomorrow, I don't want to cry in court. 
 That's what I don't want to do. 
 I'm going to do my best. 
 I think the conviction rate's something like 10%. 
 So, nine times out of ten, the job that you're doing is not going to end... with a guilty verdict, or a guilty plea at Crown Court. 
 Detective Sergeant Mark Tiffany works alongside Phil and Ruth in the SSOU. 
 His team is looking after 50 rape investigations. 
 Mark has been trying to crack one of them for almost a year. 
 The violent rape of a 17-year-old girl. 
 I've dealt with a lot of very nasty, very horrible crimes, but this is probably the most serious rape that... that I'd dealt with at that point. 
 This is a stranger. Those are very, very few and far between - 
 a genuine attack on an individual by a stranger. 
 It doesn't happen very, very often. 
 Hi, Sue. 
 'It's a big weight and a big burden, when you don't know who somebody is. 
 'He is a danger to the public. We don't know what they might do.' 
 Although DNA from the attacker was found at the time of the rape, there was no match on the database. 
 But Mark may have made a breakthrough. 
 A suspect has been identified from the DNA of a close family member. 
 Mark is waiting to find out whether the DNA is an exact match. 
 No problem, thanks very much. 
 Cheers, bye. 
 It's loaded successfully. 
 So it can now be compared. 
 (He sighs) 
 Nail-biting. 
 'Society tells me that my...my role is to put bad people in prison. 
 'So, if I'm going to work every day knowing that, 'nine times out of ten, that's not going to happen, that frustrates me.' 
 I'm waiting. 
 HE LAUGHS NERVOUSLY I'm still waiting. 
 And I'm trying to keep myself busy. 
 'All...all the rubbish days we have... 
 'All the hard times that we have... have gotta be worth it,' 
 because we're doing the right thing. 
 (Phone rings) 
 Serious Offences Unit... 
 Hello, Julie. 
 Yes. 
 Oh, ho, ho... 
 That's brilliant. 
 Thanks very much. Cheers. Bye. 
 He matches. 
 Hurray! Hurray! Hurray. 
 He matches! 
 He matches. He matches. Wow! 
 He matches. 
 (He sighs) 
 You'll have to give me a minute. 
 That's why we do what we do. 
 Cos... it's important. 
 And we don't get many days like today. 
 Oh... 
 Phil and Ruth are still working on the case of the student who says she was raped outside a nightclub. 
 The victim has now been interviewed. 
 She maintains she was raped, but her memory is still vague. 
 Bearing in mind our victim had had quite a large amount to drink, and was spoken to later on this afternoon, she said, "I can't even remember 
 "what I told the specially trained officer." 
 The detectives have decided not to tell her about the witness who contradicts her story. 
 Legally it's the right decision. 
 Morally... 
 It does almost feel, I suppose, like you're maybe setting them up for a fall and that is not the way it's meant to be. 
 I don't want to change her account, her account needs to be untainted when she... 
 You know, if we ever go to court with it. 
 We could lose the case because the victim has been told information. 
 The account of the witness is now critical to Ruth's investigation. 
 She decides to re-examine her movements in the CCTV. 
 So we've got a victim who says, "I've been raped." 
 We've got a suspect who is unknown. 
 And the witness thinks that she saw what she thought was consensual s*x. 
 You've got this witness that's walking towards the car, which is parked off screen, which we could see before. 
 And you've got this male... who's coming towards her. 
 As to why you're running after a female who's walking to her car...? 
 It does add another perspective to it when he's doing that. 
 Especially because he doesn't know the female going to the car. 
 It's concerning behaviour without knowing exactly, you know, what his account is. 
 That's the victim who now goes across to where the incident happens. 
 He's then gone over to where the victim has said that she was going for a wee. 
 So we've got the staff member, who manoeuvres into there. 
 That matches her statement of when she's viewed them. 
 Then she drives off. 
 You read the statement of the witness and it reads like she's watching this for about five or ten minutes. 
 Then you look at the video and she's actually, from that guy speaking to her, driving off, is three minutes. 
 It's three minutes that she witnesses this guy walk over, a conversation starts, kissing, throw over and then they are in there, having s*x. 
 That's what she's saying she's witnessed in that three minutes. 
 That isn't a lot of time, is it, three minutes? 
 'There's two sides to every story 
 'and the only person other than the victim who could give us 
 'an account for that period of time is the suspect. 
 'I don't know who he is.' 
 The team release information about the attack to the press and receive a call. 
 Bye. 
 We've had a phone call from a lad who's actually phoned the switchboard of GMP and given his details and said that he's the lad in the photograph. 
 So I've phoned him up and had a chat with him and I'm happy it's the right lad. 
 He left Manchester last Monday. 
 Right. 
 Which is a bit of a bummer, but there we go. 
 Ruth drives four hours out of Manchester to interview the suspect. 
 Ruth, it's Phil. 
 Is he talking? 
 All right. OK. 
 Oh, he's having that it's him? Right, OK. 
 Right, well, you know, let him carry on digging. 
 At some point he will reach Australia. 
 He's digging his way in. 
 He's digging his way down. Let him carry on. 
 Cheers, Ruth. Bye. 
 He's saying he's spoken to the victim outside the club for a few minutes and that conversation has been quite sexualised and then from there they have gone over to this area, where he's helped her over the fence and into the area and then gone on to have consensual s*x with her. 
 Then he says afterwards he's helped her over, all very gentlemanly, she's sort of waved him goodbye and toddled off to get a taxi. 
 But you can quite clearly see the victim is distressed, distraught when she comes out from that entrance. 
 She's clearly upset. 
 Phil and Ruth now have to decide whether their evidence is strong enough to take to the Crown Prosecution Service, who will ultimately decide whether the suspect is charged. 
 His account is that she was fine. 
 They said goodbye and she has gone to the taxi. I'm saying, she's not. 
 She's quite obviously distressed. 
 It's going to stand and fall on this. 
 The CPS decision is going to stand and fall on this witness who saw it. 
 And I would... 
 For me, I would even say, without the witness, I think he should be charged, is my feeling. 
 Right. 
 I'm happy, Ruth, that you've moved it forward massively, massively. 
 It's a great result, that, getting him. 
 Hopefully, I'm in the same boat as you, really, at the moment. 
 Unless something comes up to radically alter my mind, this job has got to go to CPS, as far as I'm concerned. 
 It's got... 
 You're right. 
 It's going to have to go sooner rather than later. 
 The CPS agrees that the suspect should be charged with rape and a date for the trial is set. 
 'Former pirate radio DJ Ray Teret was in the witness box today to deny a string of s*x abuse charges, including that he raped a woman with Jimmy Savile... He was asked about an allegation that he and Savile raped a teenager together. He replied, "I've never had s*x in the same room with anyone "and certainly not Jimmy Savile." Then on an allegation he'd abused a 13-year-old girl, he was asked, "Have you ever challenged a girl into bed by saying, "Are you mature enough?" He replied simply, "No." ' 
 Ellie has returned home from court, having seen Teret for the first time in 30 years. 
 'When I walked into the courtroom and saw all those people, it was just like something out of a programme. It didn't feel like it was happening to me at all.' 
 I did try and make eye contact because, you know, I was told the best way to get people to understand where I was coming from was to try make eye contact, but when you've got 12 people all looking at you... 
 'It was hard to even look at anybody but... there was definitely compassion from the jury. Obviously, I had to look at him in the box. It wasn't pleasant.' 
 I couldn't really look at him, either. 
 Because he... sometimes he'd be staring, other times he'd be writing. 
 'I did look at him as I was leaving.' 
 I stared at him as I was walking out and then I turned away. 
 Like, turned my back on him as if to say, "You're nothing." 
 I felt good then. 
 The trial enters its eighth week. 
 The jury has heard from all 17 victims and from Ray Teret himself. 
 They retire to consider their verdict. 
 It's been a year of my career investigating it. 
 Well, over a year of my career. 
 You mentioned something about names being written on the wall. 
 That was all young girls, girls' names. 
 There's a lot of names here, mate, we don't know. 
 32 charges. 
 It's worth no sleep. 
 But it's trial by jury. 
 You never know what the result is going to be. 
 '..Teret, who's 72, 'denies all the charges against him.' 
 It's hard to know what we're going to feel, isn't it? 
 I hate what he's done, I hate what he's done to me. 
 "Would I kill him?" was a good question. 
 And, no, I wouldn't. 
 I fantasise, but I don't think, if push comes to shove, I would. 
 All my life has been laid out before me over the past two years. 
 I've just held on for so long, just for somebody to hear it. 
 The next time I see the blossom on that tree, this will be done with. 
 It's important to them that people hear their story and believe it. 
 I have this great fear, because I've got 17 ladies, my fear is that the jury have got to reach a verdict beyond all reasonable doubt, on each and every lady, might find some of those accounts not up to that standard. 
 If the jury make decisions on some ladies of guilty, but on other ladies that the indictments are not guilty, I don't know how that's going to leave those ladies feeling. 
 I remember speaking to somebody and saying, "How long do you think the jury will be out for?" 
 I think the common consensus was perhaps.. 
 ..five days, maybe six days. 
 'The jury deliberations have reached their eighth day 
 'in the trial against Ray Teret. 
 'The jury must reach a verdict on 34 charges against 17 women. 
 'Deliberations will continue tomorrow.' 
 It's like the Countdown clock. 
 It's just tick, tick, tick, tick. 
 Every day we went into court thinking, "Today, "today they're going to come back with a decision." 
 And then they didn't. 
 Those ladies were just crawling the walls. 
 So every night I would have to phone them and say, "No results." 
 On TV : 'The jury in the trial of Ray Teret, the former DJ and flatmate 
 'of Jimmy Savile, has been told it can reach majority verdicts. 
 'The ruling from the judge came after more than 50 hours of deliberations.' 
 We're on day ten of deliberations and, erm... it's the longest time I've ever waited for a verdict in my police history. 
 I've got 28 years' service, come to all kinds of different trials, but this is the longest I've ever had to wait. 
 And because there are so many victims, the longer we wait, the more anxious everybody's getting, including me, and I am very anxious. 
 After two weeks of deliberation, the jury returns. 
 Teret got brought up from the cells, into the dock, never so much as looked at anybody. 
 It's an old Dickensian court so everybody leaned forward to see him, because he is in the dock, which is below us. 
 Everything went... 
 (She mimics creaking) 
 You know, everything creaked and the next thing I knew was the ladies all cheered and were going, "Yes! Yes!" 
 And there was this big roar that made me jump. 
 All the ladies were clapping and cheering and then it dawned on me what I'd heard. 
 Do you know, I was like, "My God! 
 "Guilty!" 
 Ray Teret is a devious, manipulative sexual predator. 
 He abused his celebrity status in the worst way imaginable. 
 The girls he preyed upon were naive and inexperienced and in awe of who he was. 
 A former radio DJ, who was a friend of Jimmy Savile, has been found guilty of a string of sexual offences against young girls. 
 73-year-old Ray Teret, from Altrincham, carried out seven rapes and 11 indecent assaults in the 1960s and '70s. 
 His victims clapped and cheered as 73-year-old Teret received what will effectively be a life sentence. 
 25 years! 
 (She laughs) 
 Sorry! 
 I needed that. 
 25 years. 
 In the event, the jury cleared him of some of the charges but he remains convicted of a string of offences against 11 girls in total. 
 Teret has been found guilty of seven rapes and 11 indecent assaults. 
 The disappointing thing of all of that is that out of 17 ladies, six of those ladies, the jury didn't find any guilty verdicts for their offences. 
 My heart is completely devastated for those ladies that haven't got the result they wanted. 
 I just hope they know that actually they're part of a much bigger story and played a very big part. 
 I didn't realise how much I'd... pinned everything on a guilty. 
 Everything. 
 I mean, when I'd found out I'd got a not guilty, I was just, like, inconsolable. 
 I tried to run out of the house and locked John in so he couldn't get me. 
 I even lied to my son and told him I'd got a guilty because I didn't want him to be upset for me. 
 I was... 
 I was hoping it was going to be... just this great, big, happy result and he was going to go to prison and my life was going to carry on. 
 But I'm still stuck. I'm stuck here. 
 Even though it happened when I was 15... I wouldn't say I had dealt with it but it was somewhere safe. 
 Now... 
 It's not safe now. 
 It's just out there now. 
 It's making me what... 
 I feel like it's defining me now. 
 And not getting the guilty verdict... 
 Somehow I've got to find a way of not letting it hang over and ruin the rest of my life. 
 So, in some ways... part of me... would like to put the clock back, maybe. 
 Ruth's investigation into the rape outside the nightclub has gone to trial. 
 It's her job to deliver the verdict to the victim. 
 Basically, we've got a verdict through. 
 All right. The jury have decided that they've found him not guilty. 
 OK. 
 I'm sorry. It's obviously not the result you wanted, and after everything you've been through, it's not. 
 I'm sorry. 
 Are you going to be OK? 
 No, it's upsetting, I know it is. 
 OK. Make sure somebody's with you. 
 Bye. 
 (She sighs) 
 She was quite upset. 
 If a jury have any element of doubt, they can't find someone guilty. 
 So... in this case, that witness most likely did provide... 
 I don't know what the jury thought or what was said in that room, but there are a lot of victims who do think that a not guilty verdict means that we don't believe them and not having enough evidence to make the jury sure in their minds that this offence has been committed, is not the same as not believing a victim. 
 I really can honestly say I feel a different person. 
 There's a big part of me that's not there any more and that part of me was this rage and the anger and the torment and, you know, the resentment of people not believing. 
 And it's gone. 
 Nobody really understands what it's like to keep something, you know, hidden. Then when it comes out, it's really tough. 
 I've spent the last two years probably processing what I should have been doing when I was young, instead of keeping it all in. 
 So... 
 It's over, isn't it, now? It's gone, it's done. 
 There's no point feeling bitter. It's just a waste. 
 It's a wasted emotion. It's pointless. 
 If I'd have got a guilty, he would have still been in jail for the same period of time. 
 So... 
 No, I'm not bitter. 
 I know what happened. 
 Because it was such a mixture of results, in terms of a great result, 25 years, but not a great result for all our ladies, and it did leave me with a very bitter taste in my mouth. 
 I did wonder about whether this should be my swansong. 
 When I joined the police, you retired with 30 years' service, or aged 55, whichever comes. 
 I was 55 last year. 
 I have done some reflection on, is now the time to go? 
 And the answer's no. 
 I might as well keep going. 
 I've got another 18 months. 
 I'll keep going and perhaps I'll have another swansong. 
 But hopefully not as big. 
 'And breaking news this hour, the ITV Granada weatherman Fred Talbot has been further arrested by detectives investigating reports of historic sexual abuse.' 
 ♪ Chev brakes are snarling ♪ 
♪ As you stumble across the road ♪ 
♪ But the day breaks instead so you hurry home ♪ 
♪ Don't let the sun blast your shadow ♪ 
♪ Don't let the milk float ride your mind ♪ 
♪ You're so natural, religiously unkind ♪ 
♪ Oh, no, love ♪ 
♪ You're not alone ♪ 
♪ You're watching yourself, but you're too unfair ♪ 
♪ You've got your head all tangled up ♪ 
♪ But if I could only make you care ♪ 
♪ Oh, no, love ♪ 
♪ You're not alone ♪ 
♪ No matter what or who you've been ♪ 
♪ No matter when or where you've seen ♪ 
♪ All the knives seem to lacerate your brain ♪ 
♪ I've had my share, I'll help you with the pain ♪ 
♪ You're not alone... ♪ 
 
 
  Transcripts Topic Print  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page  1  of  1 
 All times are UTC - 5 hours  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Forever Dreaming. All rights reserved. http://foreverdreaming.org 
 
 
 
 
 